a serious man written by Joel coen &amp ; ethan coen June 4th , 2007 White letter on a black screen : receive with simplicity everything that happen to you . - rashi fade in : against black : snowflakes the flake drift lazily down toward we . we angle look straight up . now a angle look steeply down : the snow fall not quite dead away to collect on a foreground chimneypot and on the little shtetl street that lie maplike below we . it be night , and quiet , and the street be desert except for one man who walk away from we , he valenki squeaking in the fresh snow . he carry bundle branch on one shoulder and have a hatchet tuck into he belt . we cut down to street level . the man walk toward we , bearded , and bundle against the cold . smiling , he mutter in yiddish - the dialogue subtitle . man what a marvel ... what a marvel ... house interior as its door open and the man enter . man dora ! voice yes ... the man cross to the stove with he bundle of wood . the voice continue : 2 . can you help I with the ice ? the man dump the wood into a box by the stove as he wife enter with a ice pick . . I expect you hour ago . man you can not imagine what just happen . I be come back on the lublin road when the wheel come off the cart thank heaven it be the way back and I would already sell the geese ! wife how much ? man Fifteen groshen , but that 's not the story . I be struggle to set the cart upright when a droshky approach from the direction of lvov . how lucky , you think , that someone be out this late . wife yes , very remarkable . man but that 's the least of it ! he stop to help I ; we talk of this , we talk of that - it turn out this be someone you know ! traitle groshkover ! his wife stare at he as he beam . he take the stare as a sign that she can not place the name . . you know , reb groshkover ! pesel bunim 's uncle ! the chacham from lodz , who study under the Zohar reb in krakow ! still she stare . then , quietly : wife God have curse we . man what ? wife traitle groshkover have be dead for three year . laughter erupt from the man but , as he wife continue to stare at he , he strangle on it . quiet . wind whistle under the eave . the man say quietly : man why do you say such a thing ! I see the man ! I talk to he ! wife you talk to a dybbuk . traitle groshkover die of typhus in pesel bunim 's house . pesel tell I - she sit shiva for he . they stare at each through a silence break only by the sound of the quicken wind . a rap at the door . neither immediately respond . finally , to she husband : who be it ? man for some soup , to warm himself . the wind moan . he help I , dora ! the door we be look in from the outside as it unlatch and creak in , open by the husband in the foreground , who have arrange he face into a strain look of greeting . in the background the wife stare , hollow -ey . man reb groshkover ! you be welcome here ! reverse on reb groshkover : a short , merry - look fellow with a bifurcate beard and a silk hat and spectacle . he give a little squeal of delight . reb groshkover you be too kind , velvel ! too kind ! he step into the house and see the wife stare at he . and you must be dora ! so much I have hear of you ! yes , you cheek be pink and you leg be stout ! what a wife you have ! the husband chuckle nervously . man yes ! a ray of sun , a ray of sun ! sit ! wife my husband say he offer you soup . reb groshkover yes , but I could not possibly eat this late , or I would have nightmare . no , no : no soup for I ! wife I know it . reb groshkover laugh . reb groshkover I see ! you think I be fat enough already ! he settles , chuckle , into he chair , but dora remain sober : wife no . a dybbuk do not eat . 5 reb groshkover stare at she , shocked . the wife return the stare . the husband look from wife to reb groshkover , apprehensive . a heavy silence . reb groshkover burst into peal laughter . reb groshkover what a wife you have ! he wipe away tear of merriment ; the husband relax , even begin to smile . man I assure you , reb groshkover , it 's nothing personal ; she hear a story you have die , three year ago , at pesel bunim 's house . this be why she think you be a dybbuk ; I , of course , do not believe in such thing . I be a rational man . reb groshkover be still chuckle . reb groshkover oh my . oh my yes . what nonsense . and even if there be spirit , certainly ... he thump he chest . I be not one of they ! wife pesel always worried . you corpse be leave unattend for many minute when pesel 's father break shiva and leave the room - it must have be then that the evil one - she break off to spit at the mention of the evil one . - take you ! reb groshkover be terribly amused : 6 reb groshkover " my corpse ! " honestly ! what a wife you have ! wife oh yes ? look , husband ... she step forward to the reb , who look enquiringly up at she . they be prepare the body . pesel 's father shave one check ... as he eye roll down to look at she hand , she draw it across he smooth right cheek . then he leave the room . he come back , and shave the other ... she reach across to the other cheek , reb groshkover 's eye follow she hand - you be already go ! - and drag she hand across . a bristly sound . reb groshkover laugh . reb groshkover I shave hastily this morning and miss a bit - by you this make I a dybbuk ? he appeal to the husband : it 's true , I be sick with typhus when I stay with peselle , but I recover , as you can plainly see , and now I - hugh ! the wife step back . reb groshkover look slowly down at he own chest in which the wife have just plant a ice pick . reb groshkover stare at the ice pick . the wife stare . 7 the husband stare . suddenly , reb groshkover burst out laugh : what a wife you have ! the husband can manage only a shocked whisper : man woman , what have you do ? reb groshkover again look down at he chest , which again move he to laughter . he shake he head . reb groshkover why would she do such a thing ? he look up . I ask you , velvel , as a rational man : which of we be possess ? wife what do you say now about spirit ? he be unharme ! reb groshkover on the contrary ! I do not feel at all well . and indeed , blood have begin to soak through he vest . he chuckle with less energy . one do a mitzvah and this be the thanks one get ? man dora ! woe , woe ! how can such a thing be ! reb groshkover perhaps I will have some soup . I be feel weak ... he rise to he foot but totter . or perhaps I should go ... 8 he smile weakly at dora . . one know when one be not want . he walk unsteadily to the door , open it with some effort , and stagger out into the moan wind and snow to be swallow by the night . the wife and husband stare at the door bang in the wind . finally : man dear wife . we be ruin . tomorrow they will discover the body . all be lose . wife nonsense , velvel ... she walk to the door ... bless be the Lord . good riddance to evil and shut it against the wind . black a drumbeat thump in the black . Music blare : the jefferson airplane . Grace slick 's voice enter : when the truth be find to be lie and all the hope inside you die do not you want somebody to love . . . a image fade in slowly , but even up full it be dim : some kind of round , dull white shape with a small black pinhole center . this white half - globe be a plug set in a flesh - tone field . the flesh tone glow translucently , backlit . we be drift toward the white plug and , as we do so , the music grow louder still . a earpiece 9 a pull back - a reverse on the precede push in - from the cheap white plastic earpiece of a transistor radio . the jefferson airplane continue over the cut but become extremely compress . the pull back reveal that the earpiece be lodge in someone 's ear and trail a white cord . we drift down the cord to find the radio at its other end . as we do so we hear , live in the room , many voice speak a foreign language in unison . a classroom , apparently . the radio be on a desktop but hide from in front by the book hold open before it . the book be write in non-roman character . we be in Hebrew school . the boy who be listen to the transistor radio-danny Gopnik-sits at a hinge - top desk in a cinderblock classroom whose row of desk be occupy by other boy and girl of about twelve year of age . it be dusk and the room be flourescent - light . at the front of the room a gray-haire man in a wear suit and tie address the class . danny straighten one leg so that he may dig into a pocket . with a eye on the teacher to make sure he be not be watch , he ease something out : a twenty -dollar bill . teacher mee yodayah ? reuven ? rifkah ? mah zeh " anakim " ? efsheh mashooach ba-avodah ? a blinding light at the cut to the light the jefferson airplane music jump up full . the light resolve into a multi-flared image of a blink eye . reverse : the inside of a human ear . fleshy whorl finely vein , a cavity recede to dark . objective on the doctor 's office : the doctor be peer through a lightscope into the ear of a early - middle - age man , larry gopnik . the jefferson airplane music continue . 10 doctor uh-huh . hebrew school Close on Hebrew character be scribble onto the blackboard as the teacher talk . the teacher , talk . a bored child , stare off . his point- of-view : a blacktop parking lot with a few orange school buss , beyond it a marshy field , and distant suburban bungalow . Close on another child stare at something through droop eyelid . his point- of-view : very close on the face of a classroom clock . we hear its electrical hum . its red sweep - second hand crawl around the dial very , very slowly . danny gopnik hiss : danny fagle !.. . the teacher drone on , write on the blackboard . danny 's eye flit from the teacher to the student sit kitty - corner in front of he - a husky youth with shaggy hair . he have not hear the prompt . . fagle ! the teacher turn from the blackboard and danny lean back , eye front , fold the twenty up small behind he book . teacher ahnee rotzeh lalechet habait hakisai . mee yodayah ? misaviv tamid anachnoo tamid ... the clock - watch child , eyelid sink , be beginning to drool out of one side of he mouth . doctor' office 11 the light again flaring the lens . reverse : look into a pupil . objective : the doctor look through he scope into larry 's eye . doctor mm-hmm . hebrew school a bored child be excavate a bugger from he nose . the teacher turn back to the chalkboard to circle something . danny fagle ! teacher hamrah oomoh - he interrupt himself briefly to make a couple of phlegm -hawking sound . he resume : . hamrah oomoh meshiach oomshel zal ? doctor' office the doctor palpate larry 's midriff , digging he finger into the hairy , baggy flesh . doctor 's Voice uh-huh . we will do some routine x-ray . hebrew school a young girl hold a hank of she bang in front of she face , separate out individual hair to examine they for split end . teacher ahnoo ahnoo mah ? mah ? talmidim ? d'vorah ? 12 d'vorah ahnee to yodayah . the teacher begin to pace the desk aisle , look back and forth among the student . teacher mee yodayah ? the bugger -seeker , have succesfully withdraw a bugger , carefully drape it over the sharp end of he pencil , to what end we can not know . danny , apprehensively eyeing the teacher , slide the twenty into the transistor radio 's cover -sleeve . x-ray cone a huge white rubberize cone , point directly at we . we hear a rush of static and the doctor 's voice filter through a talk - back : doctor 's Voice hold still . wider : larry be in he short lie on he back on a examine table cover by a sheet of tissue paper . the x-ray cone be point at the middle of he body . there be a brief sci-fi-like machine hum . it click off . hebrew school the clock - watch student 's head be make descend bob toward he chest . teacher nefsheh shelach hamilamid-eh ?! the teacher 's circuit of the classroom have take he around behind danny . danny 's book lie face - down on the desk , cover the radio , but the white cord snake out from under it up to he ear . the teacher yank at the cord . 13 the cord pop out of its jack and the jefferson airplane blare tinnily from beneath the book of torah storey . the teacher lift the book to expose the jangling radio . outrage , the teacher project above the music : . mah zeh ? ! mah zeh ? ! some of the student be sing along ; a couple beat rhythm on they desk . . shechet , talmidim ! anachnoo lo cam zeh b'bait sefer ! shechet bivakasha ! Three other student join in a chorus : student shechet ! shechet bivakasha ! the nodd student 's head droops ever lower . other student join in the chant : shechet ! shechet ! shechet bivakasha ! the nodd student 's chin finally reach , and settles on , he chest , and he give a long snorfling inhale of sleep . doctor' office larry , now fully clothed , be seat across from the doctor . the doctor be look at he file . he absently tap a cigarette out of a pack and light up . he nod as he smoke , look at the file . doctor well , I -sorry . he hold the pack toward larry . 14 larry no thanks . doctor well , you be in good health . how're judith and the kid ? larry good . everyone 's good . you know . the doctor take a long suck . doctor good . Daniel must be -what ? about to be bar mitzvah ? larry two week . doctor well , mazel tov . they grow up fast , do not they ? tinted photo portrait the portrait , old , in a ornate gilt frame , be of a middle - age rabbi with a small neat mustache and round spectacle . he wear a tallis hood - style and a phylactery box be strapped to he forehead . a plaque set into the frame identify the man as rabbi minda . wider show that the portrait hang in the Hebrew school principal 's office , a white cinderblock room . it be quiet . the only sound be a deep electrical hum . just visible behind the principal 's desk , upon which be a low stack of book and a name plate identify the occupant as mar turchik , be the top of a man 's head - a old man , with a few whispy white hair where he yarmulka be not . danny , seat opposite , push up from he slouch to better see across the desk . we boom up to show more of the principal . he be short . he wear a white shirt and hoist - up pants that come to just below he armpit . he have thick eyeglass . he fiddle with the transistor radio , mutter : principal hmm ... eh ... nu ? 15 he experiment with different dial on the radio . danny nervously watch . danny you put the - the old man hold up one hand . principal in ivrit . ( in Hebrew ) danny um ... the old man look down at the little earpiece pinch between two finger . he examine it as a superstitious native might a coca - cola bottle . the source of the electrical hum : a wall clock whose red sweep - second hand crawl around the dial very , very slowly . the reb continue to squint at the earpiece . danny sigh . he encourage : danny yeah , you - the principal 's tone be harder : principal in ivrit ! this time he cold look hold until he be sure that the admonishment have register . he look back down at the earpiece . we hear the door open . the principal ignore it . a old woman walk slowly in with a teacup chatter on a saucer . she have thick eyeglass . she wear thick flesh - color support hose . she take slow , short step toward the desk . the principal be study the radio . 16 principal mneh ... the old woman continue to take slow short step toward he . the tableau look like a performance - art piece . she reach the desk and set the teacup down . she summon a couple of phlegm - hawk rasp and turn to go . she take slow short step toward the door . the principal raise the earpiece experimentally toward he ear . Close on he hairy , wrinkle ear as he tremble finger bring in the earpiece . the i for nger push and wobble and tamp the earpiece into place , hesitate , and then do some more push and wobble and tamping . the principal keep danny fix with a stare as he hand hesitantly drop from he ear , ready to reach back up should the earpiece loosen . .mneh ... satisfied that neither the student nor the earpiece be about to make any sudden move , he look down at the radio . he turn a dial . faintly and tinnily from the earpiece we hear the compress jangle of rock music . the rabbi stare blankly , listen . danny slump , look warily at the rabbi . the rabbi continue to stare down at the radio . the compress rock music jangle on . the rabbi be expressionless , mouth slightly open , listen . tableau : anxious student , earplugge spiritual leader . muffled , from the outer office , the hawk of phlegm . classroom we be behind a man who write equation on a chalkboard , shoulder at work and hand quickly waggling . periodically he glance back , give we a fleeting look at he face : it be 17 larry gopnik . larry you follow this ?... okay ?.. so ... heh -heh ... this part be exciting ... student follow along , bored . larry continue to write . . so , okay . so . so if that 's that , then we can do this , right ? be that right ? be not that right ? and that 's schrodinger 's paradox , right ? be the cat dead or be the cat not dead ? okay ? blegen hall larry be enter the physics department office . the department 's secretary wheel she castore chair away from she type . secretary message , Professor gopnik . he take the three phone message . larry thank you , Natalie . oh-clive . come in . a Korean graduate student who be be wait on a straightback chair rise . larry office he be flipping through the message . absently : larry so , uh , what can I do for you ? the message : while you be out Dick dutton of Columbia record Club 18 call . regarding : " please call . " while you be out sy ableman call . regarding " let 's talk . " while you be out clive Park call . regarding : " unjust test result . " he crumple the last one . clive uh , Dr. gopnik , I believe the result of physics mid - term be unjust . larry uh-huh , how so ? clive I receive a unsatisfactory grade . in fact : F , the fail grade . larry uh , yes . you fail the mid-term . that 's accurate . clive yes , but this be not just . I be unaware to be examine on the mathematics . larry well - you can not do physics without mathematics , really , can you . clive if I receive fail grade I lose my scholarship , and feel shame . I understand the physics . I understand the dead cat . larry ( surprised ) you understand the dead cat ? 19 clive nod gravely . but ... you ... you can not really understand the physics without understanding the math . the math tell how it really work . that 's the real thing ; the storey I give you in class be just illustrative ; they be like , fable , say , to help give you a picture . a imperfect model . I mean -even I do not understand the dead cat . the math be how it really work . clive shake he head , dubious . clive very difficult ... very difficult ... larry well , I ... I be sorry , but I ... what do you propose ? clive pass grade . larry no no , I - clive or perhaps I can take the mid-term again . now I know it cover mathematics . larry well , the other student would not like that , would they . if one student get to retake the test till he get a grade he like . clive impassively consider this . clive secret test . larry wrap a hand wearily over he eye . larry . no , I be afraid - 20 clive hush-hush . larry no , that 's just not workable . I be afraid we will just have to bite the bullet on this thing , clive , and - clive very troubling . he rise . . very troubling ... he go to the door , shaking he head , as larry look on in surprise . he leave . larry stare at the open door . the secretary outside , she back to we , type on . larry . look stupidly around he own office , shake he head . he pick up the phone message from sy ableman - " let 's talk " - and dial . as he dial he other hand wander over the papers on the desktop . there be a plain white envelope on the desk . larry pick it up as the phone ring through . a ring be clipped short and a warm basso- baritone rumble through the line : phone Voice sy ableman . larry hello , sy , larry gopnik . sy ( mournful ) larry . how be you , my friend . larry pick idly at the envelope . larry good , how have you be , sy ? 21 Inside the envelope : a thick sheaf of one- hundred - dollar bill . sy oh fine . shall we talk larry . larry react to the money . larry ( into phone ) what ?! oh ! sorry ! I , uh-call back ! he slam down the phone . . clive ! he rush out the door , through the secretarial area , and into the hallway , and look up toward the elevator . empty . he look at the stuff envelope he still hold . he go back to the departmental office . the secretary sit type . she glance at he and , as she go back to she type : secretary sy ableman just call . Said he get disconnect . bathroom door a hand enter to knock . man 's Voice out in a minute ! sarah , the sixteen - year - old girl who have just knock , roll she eye . sarah I gotta wash my hair ! I be go out tonight ! voice out in a minute ! 22 sarah Jesus Christ ! she stomp down the hall . kitchen judith , a woman of early middle age , be at the stove . sarah enter . sarah W be uncle Arthur always in the bathroom ? judith he have to drain he sebacious cyst . you know that . will you set the table ? sarah why can not he do it in the basement ? or go out in the garage ! bus we be rake the exterior of a orange school bus as it rattles along . Hebrew character on the side identify it - to some , anyway . inside we be lock down on danny as the bus rattles like a old crate , squeaking , grind gear , belching exhaust . danny and the child around he vibrate and pitch about but , from they lack of reaction , seem use to it . they raise they voice to be hear over the engine noise and the various stress noise in the chassis and a transistor radio somewhere that play jefferson airplane . danny I have twenty buck in it too . Inside the case . 23 Mark sallerson twenty buck ! how come . danny I buy a lid from Mike fagle . couple week ago . I still owed he twenty . Mark sallerson he already give you the pot ? danny yeah but a couple week ago my funding get cut off . fagle say he would pound the crap out of I if I do not pay up . Howard altar what funding get cut off ? where do you get you money ? another boy , with thick glass , be ronnie nudell . ronnie nudell what happen ? Mark sallerson rabbi turchik take he radio . have money in it . ronnie nudell that fucker ! danny yeah . I think he say he be confiscate it . ronnie nudell he 's a fucker ! where do you get you money ? Mark sallerson Mike fagle 's gonna kick he ass . last week he pound the crap out of Seth seddlemeyer . 24 ronnie nudell he 's a fucker ! Mark sallerson fagle ? or Seth seddlemeyer ? ronnie nudell they be both for icker ! bathroom door a hand enter to knock . uncle Arthur 's Voice out in a minute ! sarah be you still in there ?! uncle Arthur I , uh .. . just a minute ! sarah I have gotta wash my hair ! I be go out tonight , to the hole ! uncle Arthur okay ! outside larry pull into the driveway and get out of the car . the purr of a lawn mower . he look . his point- of-view : gar brandt , the next - door neighbor , be mow he lawn . he have a buzz cut and be wear a white T-shirt . another noise compete with the lawn mower : rattling , squeaking , gear-grind . the orange school bus with Hebrew lettering pull up across the street . its door open with a pneumatic hiss to discharge a passenger . 25 dinner table larry sit in . his wife and two child be already seat . there be one empty place . larry project : larry Arthur ! a muffle voice : arthur yeah ! larry dinner ! arthur okay ! out in a minute ! larry we should wait . sarah be you kid ! they start eat . larry Mr. brandt keep mow part of we lawn . judy do that matter ? larry what ? judy be it important ? larry shrug . larry it 's just odd . 26 judy any news on you tenure ? larry I think they will give I tenure . judy you think . larry ( equably ) well , I do not know . this thing be not , you know .. . judy no , I do not know . which be why I ask . larry well - sarah Mom , how long be uncle Arthur stay with we ? judy ask you father . back yard twilight . larry be step onto a hose as he unwheel it from the drum of a travel sprinkler , lay out a be to cover the back yard . intermittent thwacks from next door : gar brandt and he son , who also have a buzz cut and a white T-shirt , throw a baseball back and forth . gar brandt throw hard . the ball pop in the boy 's mitt . mitch ow. larry walk over to the boundary define by the fresh mow . he sight down it . gar brandt look over he shoulder at larry , look . gar brandt be expressionless . he 27 go back to throw . mitch ow . inside even . light on . larry sit at the kitchen table , a briefcase open on the chair next to he . Blue book - examination booklet - be spread on the table in front of he . he read , occasionally make marginal scribbles , grade . from off , faint and dull by intervene wall , rock music : somewhere in the house danny be listen to the jefferson airplane . the clink of teaspoon against china as larry stir he tea . he look up at a noise : judy enter . judy honey . larry ( absent ) honey . judy do you talk to sy ? still absent , without look up : larry sy ? - sy ableman ! - that 's right , he call , but I - judy you do not talk to he . larry no , I - judy you know the problem you and I have be have . sympathetic , but still absent : 28 larry mm. judy well , sy and I have become very close . this bring larry 's head up . he focus on judy , puzzle . she elaborate : in.short : I think it 's time to start talk about a divorce . larry stare at she . a long beat . at length , try to digest : larry . sy ableman ! judy this be not about sy . larry you mention sy ! judy do not twist my word . we - larry a divorce - what have I do ! I have not do anything - what have I do ! judy larry , do not be a child . you have not " do " anything . I have not " do " anything . larry yes ! yes ! we have not do anything ! and I - I be probably about to get tenure ! judy nevertheless , there have be problem . as you know . larry 29 well - judy and thing have change . and then - sy ableman . sy have come into my life . and now - larry come into you - what do that mean ?! you , you , you , you barely know he ! judy we have know the ableman for fifteen year . larry yes , but you you say we have not do anything ! judy suddenly be stony : judy I have not do anything . this be not some flashy fling . this be not about woopsy - doopsy . larry stare at she . larry sy ableman ! from down the hall , a knock on a door . a muffle voice : arthur out in a minute ! judy look , I do not know any other way of break it to you . except to tell you . and treat you like a adult . be that so wrong ? larry do not seem to be listen . his eye roam the room as he think . larry where do I sleep ? judy narrow she eye . 30 judy what ? larry Arthur 's on the couch ! judy look . sy feel that we should - larry esther be barely cold ! judy esther die three year ago . and it be a loveless marriage . sy want a gett . this derail the conversation . larry stare , try to pick up the thread . larry . a what ? judy a ritual divorce . he say it 's very important . without a gett I be a aguna . larry a what ? what be you talk about ? she turn to go , shaking she head , peeve : judy you always act so surprised . as she leave : I have begge you to see the rabbi . fade in larry have fall asleep at the kitchen table , face - down in a pile of blue book . cold blue light sweep across he and he look up . 31 a short , bald middle - age man in flannel pyjamas and a old flannel dress gown stand in front of the open refrigerator hold a open jar of orange juice . he tip the jar back to drink , he free hand hold a ball - up towel to the back of he neck larry stare at he . fade out blegen hall larry enter the departmental office . his eye be red-rimme and dark - bag . he have beard stubble . the department 's secretary wheel she castore chair away from she type . secretary message , Professor gopnik . he take the two phone message . he office larry look at the message : while you be out Dick dutton of Columbia record Club call . regarding : " 2°d attempt . please call . " while you be out sy ableman call . regarding " let 's have a good talk . " a knock bring he look up . larry yes -thanks for come , clive . clive Park enter the office . 32 . have a seat . larry use a key to open the top leave desk drawer . he take out the envelope . we have , I think , a good talk , the other day , but you leave something that - clive I do not leave it . larry well -- you do not even know what I be go to say . clive I do not leave anything . I be not miss anything . I know where everything be . larry look at he , try to formulate a think . larry well ... then , clive , where do this come from ? he wave the envelope . . this be here , be not it ? clive look at it gravely . clive yes , sir . that be there . larry this be not nothing , this be something . clive yes sir . that be something . a beat . . what be it . larry you know what it be ! you know what it be ! I believe . and 33 you know I can not keep it , clive . clive of course , sir . larry I will have to pass it on to Professor finkle , along with my suspicion about where it come from . action have consequence . clive yes . often . larry always ! action always have consequence ! he pound the desk for emphasis . in this office , action have consequence ! clive yes sir . larry not just physics . morally . clive yes . larry and we both know about you action . clive no sir . I know about my action . larry I can interpret , clive . I know what you mean I to understand . clive meer sir my sir . larry cock he head . 34 larry . meer sir my sir ? clive ( careful enunciation ) mere ... surmise . Sir . he gravely shake he head . . very uncertain . close on a tone arm a hand lay it onto a slowly spin vinyl record . through scratch and pop , a solo tenor start a mournful Hebrew chant . Close on the sleeve : rabbi youssele rosenblatt chant you haftorah portion volume 12 rabbi youssele wear a caftan and a feel hat and have sad eye . they peer out from the dark beard that cover most of the rest of he face like owl 's eye peer out of the wood . wider , on danny , in he bedroom , evening . he lift the tone arm on the portable turntable . he chant the passage . he drop the tone arm at the same place ; rabbi youssele chant the passage again . danny listen , eye narrow . he lift the tone arm and chant the passage again . he replay the passage again ; before he can lift the tone arm to echo it he door burst open . rabbi youssele continue to chant . 35 sarah you little brat fucker ! you snuck twenty buck out of my drawer ! danny study torah ! asshole ! sarah you little brat ! I be tell dad ! danny oh yeah ? you gonna tell he you have be sneaking it out of he wallet ? sarah all right , you know what I be gonna do ? you little brat ? if you do not give it back ? we hear the thunk of the front door open . danny stand , call : danny dad ? foyer larry be enter with he briefcase . as he stow it in the foyer closet danny 's voice continue , off : danny dad , you gotta fix the aerial . judith emerge from the kitchen . judith hello larry , have you think about a lawyer ? larry honey , please ! danny emerge from the hall . danny 36 we be not get channel four at all . larry ( to judith ) can we discuss it later ? danny I can not get F troop . judith larry , the child know . do you think this be some secret ? do you think this be something we be go to keep quiet ? sarah enter . sarah dad , uncle Arthur be in the bathroom again ! and i=m go to the hole at eight ! she hit danny on the back of the head . danny stop it ! larry sarah ! what 's go on ! danny she keep do that ! later larry sit in a recline chair in the live room , head back , listen to sidor belarsky on the hi-fi . on top of the music be a hiss - suck sound . there be also the sound of a pencil busily scratch paper . we cut to its source : uncle Arthur sit scribbling into a spiral notebook , he free hand hold the end of a length of surgical tub against the back of he neck . the tube lead to a water - pik-like appliance on a end table next to he - the source of the suck sound . after a long beat of listen to the music , larry speak into space : 37 larry Arthur ? uncle Arthur do not look up from he scribbling . uncle Arthur yes . larry continue to stare at the ceiling . larry what be you do ? still without look up : uncle Arthur work on the mentaculus . Long beat . music. scribble . larry any luck , um , look for a apartment ? more scribbling . uncle Arthur no . the doorbell chime . front door larry enter , glance through the front door 's head - height window , and - freeze , one hand arrest on the way to the doorknob . his point- of-view : frame by the window , yellowly light by the stoop light , a human head . a middle - age man , a few year older than larry . a fleshy face with droopy hangdog feature , a five - o'clock shadow , and sad harold Bloom eye . larry open the door . 38 larry sy . sy , enter , thrust out a hand . his voice vibrate with a warm , sad empathy : sy good to see you , larry . he be a heavy - set man wear a short - sleeve shirt that he belly tent out in front of he . in he leave hand he hold a bottle of wine . larry ( tightly ) I will get judith . sy no , actually larry , I be here to see you , if I might . he shake he head . . such a thing . such a thing . larry shall we go in the ... he be lead he into the kitchen but sy , oblivious to surroundings , plow on with the conversation , arrest both man in the narrow space between kitchen sink and stove , and invade larry 's space . sy you know , larry - how we handle ourselves , in this situation - it 's so impawtant . larry uh-huh . sy absolutely . judith tell I that she break the news to you . she say you be very adult . larry do she . 39 sy absolutely . the respect she have for you . larry yes ? sy absolutely . but the child , larry . the child . he shake he head . . the most impawtant . larry well , I guess ... sy of coss . and judith say they be handle it so well . a tribute to you . do you drink wine ? because this be a incredible bottle . this be not mogen David . this be a wine , larry . a bawdeaux . larry you know , sy - sy open it - let it breathe . ten minute . letting it breathe , so impawtant . larry thanks , sy , but I be not - sy I insist ! no reason for discumfit . I will be uncumftable if you do not take it . this be sign and token , larry . larry I be just - I be not ungrateful , I be , I just do not know a lot about wine and , give we respective , you know - he be startle when sy abruptly hug he . sy 40 S ' okay . he finish the hug off with a couple of thump on the back . s'okay . wuhgonnabe fine . skewed angle on parking lot we be dutch on a slit of a view through a crack - open frost window : the Hebrew school parking lot . the last couple of buss fill with student be roll out of the lot . it be late afternoon . a reverse show danny in a stall , stand on a close toilet , angle he head to peer out the bathroom window open at the top . the bathroom outside the stall : ronnie nudell lean against a sink wait , suck a long draw from a joint . danny emerge from the stall . ronnie nudell offer the joint . ronnie nudell want some of this fucker ? hallway the bathroom door crack open in the foreground . danny peek out . his point- of-view : the empty hallway end in a T with another hallway . a janitor cross , push a broom down the far hallway . he disappear . his echoing footstep recede . danny and ronny emerge from the bathroom . rabbi minda the photo-portrait on the wall of Mar turchik 's office light by late - day sun . we hear a scraping sound . 41 wider : ronnie nudell look over danny 's shoulder as danny , hunch at Mar turchik 's desk , fish the end of a bent hanger into the keyhole on the top leave drawer . after a beat , the hanger turn . they open the drawer . in it : squirt gun , marble set to roll by the open of the drawer , a comic book , a playboy magazine , a slingshot , a small bundle of firecracker . hand rifle the gewgaw : no radio . ronnie nudell fuck . sanctuary we be behind the two boy who sit side by side on the last pew , stare at the front of the empty sanctuary . its stain glass window further weaken the late-afternoon light . in deference to the location , the boy wear yarmulka . a long hold on they still back . at length , some movement in danny 's back , he head dip , and we hear he suck on the joint . he hold it , exhales , and pass it wordlessly to ronnie nudell . suburban STREET we be pull danny as he walk along the street , eye red-rimme , still wear he yarmulka . it be dusk . after a few beat of walk , the front door of a house just behind danny open . a husky , shaggy - haire youth emerge on the run . the sound have alert danny . see Mike fagle , he too begin to run . he reach up and grab he yarmulka and clutches it in one of he pump fist . pursue and pursuer both run wordlessly , panting , foot pound . Mike fagle be close . but danny be already cut across the brandt 's front yard , approach he own . he plunge into the house and slam the door . Mike fagle draw up , panting , gaze hungrily at the house . 42 light be on inside . the house be a warm yellow citadel in the dusk . after a beat we hear , faint and dull , the jefferson airplane . Mike fagle slink away . puffy white cloud a shockingly blue sky with picture - perfect cloud hang in it . after a beat the top of a aluminum extension ladder swing in from the bottom of the frame and come toward we . we cut to a side angle as the ladder clunk against a roof . it start vibrate to the rhythmic clung of someone climb . hand enter . larry 's head enter . he climb onto the roof . he take a couple step away from the edge and stand tentatively , make sure of he balance . he look around . his point- of-view towards the front . a unfamiliarly high perspective on the street and the neighbor house , almost maplike . very peaceful . wind rhythmically , gently wave the tree . larry gingerly walk up to the aerial at the peak of the roof . we be hearing a rhythmic pop noise . larry reach the peak and straddle it . he look down at the back yard . mitch ow. foreshorten gar brandt and Mitch be play catch in they back yard . with each toss the ball pop , alternately in father 's mitt and son' . precariously balanced , larry reach out for the aerial . he tentatively touch it . he grasp it . he twist the aerial . 43 something strange : as it rotate the aerial creak - a high whine as pure as the hum sound from the rim of a wineglass . mitch ow . faintly , under the wineglass sound , and cloud by static , a high , ringing tenor sing in a unfamiliar modality . cantorial music . larry drop he hand . inertia keep the aerial rotate slowly till it die , the sound drift away into the sybillant shushing of tree . larry reach out again to turn the aerial . the same crystal hum ... cantorial sing ... and now , layer in , the theme from F troop . Music . Crystal hum . wind . mitch ow. larry 's look travel : he point-of-view pan slowly off the steep angle of father and son play catch , travel across he own backyard , and bring in the white fence that enclose the patio of the neighbor on the other side . gar ( off ) good toss , Mitch . on the enclose patio a woman recline on a lawn chaise of nylon band woven over a aluminum frame . she be on she back , eye close against the sun . she be naked . Mitch ( off ) ow. larry react to the naked woman : startle at first , he move to hide behind the peak of the roof . but as he realize that the sun keep the woman 's eye close he relax , continu - ing to stare . she be attractive . not young , not old : larry 's age . peaceful . after a still beat one of she hand grope blindly to the side . it find a ashtray on the table next to she and take from it a plume cigarette . the woman take a puff and replace it . 44 Mitch ( off ) ow. F troop. cantorial sing . Blue sky and white puffy cloud . the sound of a pencil scratch against paper . notebook a pencil scratch equation into a lamplit spiral notebook . sidor belarsky come in at the cut . so do the spluttering suck -sound of uncle Arthur 's evacuator . wider on uncle Arthur , in he pyjamas , propped up on the narrow fold - out sofa , write with one hand as he hold the evacuator hose to he neck with the other . squeeze into the live room next to the fold - out sofa be a camp cot of plaid - pattern nylon stretch over a aluminum frame . on the camp cot be larry , lie half - in , half - out of a rumple sleep bag . he stare at the ceiling , a damp washcloth press against he forehead . his face be flame red . Arthur speak absently as he scribbles : arthur will you read this ? tell I what you think ? larry continue to stare at the ceiling . larry okay . uncle Arthur glance up from the notebook , focus on larry . arthur Boy . you should have wear a hat . later 45 the light be out . very quiet . uncle Arthur lightly snore . larry still stare at the ceiling . he shift he weight . the aluminum frame of the cot squeak . he shift again . another creak . larry fish he watch from the jumble of clothes on the floor : 4:50 . kitchen larry , in he underwear , spoon ground coffee into the percolator . uncle Arthur snore softly on in the other room . from outside , a dull thunk . larry pull back a curtain . next door , gar brandt be go down the walk , wear camouflage tog and camo bill cap , a rifle bag sling over he shoulder . he be carry a ice chest , its content click and sloshing . the boy Mitch , also wear camo clothes and cap and also with a rifle bag , have just close the front door . he now let the screen door swing shut behind he and follow he father down the walk to the car in the driveway . the twitter of early morning bird . gar 's voice , though not project , stand out in the pre-dawn quiet : gar let 's see some hustle , Mitch . close on the notebook its top sheet , densely cover by equation , have a head : the mentaculus compile by Arthur gopnik after a beat larry 's hand enter to turn the page . the second page be also densely cover with equation . 46 voice larry ? this bring larry 's look up from the mentaculus . we be in larry 's office . stand in the office doorway be arlen finkle . larry hi arlen . arlen finkle larry , I feel that , as head of the tenure committee I should tell you this , though it should be no cause for concern . you should not be at all worried . larry wait for more . arlen seem to need a prompt . larry okay . arlen finkle I feel I should mention it even though we will not give this any weight at all in consider whether to grant you tenure , so , I repeat no cause for concern . larry okay , arlen . give what any weight ? arlen finkle we have receive some letter , uh ... denigrate you , and , well , urging that we not grant you tenure . larry from who ? arlen finkle they be anonymous . and so of course we dismiss they completely . larry well ... well ... what do they say ? arlen finkle they make allegation , not even allegation , assertion , but 47 I be not really ... while we give they no credence , larry , I be not suppose to deal in any specifics about the committee 's deliberation . larry but ... I think you be say , this will not play any part in you deliberation . arlen finkle none at all . larry um , so what be they ... arlen finkle Moral turpitude . you could say . larry uh-huh . can I ask , be they , be they - idiomatic ? arlen finkle I , uh ... larry the reason I ask , I have a Korean student , South Korean , disgruntled South Korean , and I mean to talk to you about this , actually , he- arlen finkle no . no , the letter be competently - even eloquently write . a native English -speaker . no question about that . larry uh-huh . arlen finkle but I reiterate this , larry : no cause for concern . I only speak because I would have feel odd conceal it . larry yes , okay , thank you arlen . 48 arlen finkle best to judith . larry answer with a want smile . he look down at the mentaculus . hebrew school exterior Day . somewhere inside the school a bell ring . its door swing open and child emerge . we angle be down a line of school buss , each with the the same stencile Hebrew lettering , wait to ferry the child home . we be tracking toward the buss to steepen the rake . as child sort themselves out and climb into they respective vehicle , the track bring the nearest bus into the fore - ground . it noisily idle with its signature squeak and stress sound , its low cough engine ominously rumbling . Children start climb on . minute later Inside the bus , now move . engine noise bang in louder and air roar in through open window . we be on the driver , a sallow man in a short - sleeve white shirt with earlock and a yarmulke . he pitch about , stoically wrestle with the wheel and gear shift as the vehicle buck . the pitching child . somewhere , jefferson airplane play . danny I gotta get my radio back . ronnie nudell maybe the fucker lodge it up he fuck asshole . danny I gotta get it back . or Mike fagle 's gonna pound the crap out of I . ronnie nudell 49 Way up he asshole . danny and I will still have to get my sister the money back or she 's gonna break four of my record . twenty buck , four record . Howard altar how do you buy all that record . where do you get you fund . close on larry stand in he yard . his eye be darkly pouch . he be stare at something , it seem in distress . we hear a flutter sound . his point- of-view : stake be set out in the brandt ' yard . Red ribbon connect they outline a projection from the side of the house . the loose end of the ribbon flutter in the breeze . engine noise bring larry 's look around . a car be arrive . it be the brandt ' car , oddly burden . as it pull into they driveway we see that there be a four-point stag strapped to the hood , its head lolling over the grille . gar and Mitch get out of the car in they hunt fatigue . blood be smear on gar 's shirt . gar go scrub up , Mitch . larry uh , good afternoon . this bring gar 's look around . apparently he be unused to talk with he neighbor . there be a short beat before he response . gar afternoon . in the background of he angle be the dead buck , stare off through sightless eye . 50 larry ( lamely ) . be hunt ? gar yep . larry be that a , uh ... he be indicate the stake area . gar look around at it , look back at larry . gar gonna be a de . larry uh-huh , that 's great . uh , Mr. brandt - gar bark at Mitch , who have lingered to listen to the grow - up : gar I say scrub up , Mitch ! the child quickly go . larry frown . larry be not this a school day ? gar take he out of school today . so he could hunt with he dad . larry oh ! he nod . . that 's .. . nice . gar stare at he with button eye . small talk be not he thing . larry clear he throat . 51 . um , Mr. brandt , that 's just about at the property line , there . I do not think we be suppose to get within , what , ten feet gar property line 's the poplar . larry . the . ? gar poplar ! larry . well .. . even if it be , you be just about over it gar measure . we hear two pair of pound footstep come up the street . larry I do not have to measure , you can tell it 's ... gar line 's the poplar . he indicate . . it 's all angle . gar brandt turn and go . larry turn , reacting to the pound footstep . one of the two pair belong to danny who arrive , slow to a walk , panting , a bookbag over he shoulder . a half - block back the pursue boy also stop run . husky , shaggy - haire , he watch , scowling , as danny go up the walk to he house . larry address danny 's retreate back : 52 larry what 's go on ? danny nothing . in the house as larry enter . judith ( ofj ) larry ? larry ( projecting ) yeah ? judith ( ofj ) do you go to sieglestein schlutz ? no , I - not yet . larry . appointment Monday . the thud of a car door outside . sarah head for the front door , pull on a jacket . larry be surprised . . where be you go ? sarah I be go to the hole . larry at five o'clock ? he look out the front - door window . four girl of sarah 's age be come up the walk 53 from the car . all have dark hair and big nose . sarah we be stop at Laurie kipperstein 's house so I can wash my hair . larry pull open the door just as the doorbell ring . from the four dark girl : voice hi , Mr. gopnik . larry you can not wash it here ? from somewhere in the house , jefferson airplane start . as she brushes past larry : sarah uncle Arthur 's in the bathroom . voice out in a minute ! judith enter . judith be you ready ? larry huh ? judith we be meeting sy at ember . larry I be ? judith both of we . I tell you . ember 54 larry have he arm pin at he side by hugging sy ableman . sy larry . how be you . larry sy . sy hello judith . judith hello sy. once sy release larry , all seat themselves at sy 's booth , judith next to sy , larry face . sy thank you for come , larry . it 's so impawtant that we be able to discuss this thing . larry I be happy to come to ember , sy , but , I be think , really , maybe it 's best to leave this discussion to the lawyer . sy of coss ! legal matter , let the lawyer discuss ! do not mix apple and orange ! judith I have beam you to see the lawyer . larry ( tooth grit ) I tell you , I be go Monday . sy Monday be timely ! this be not - please ! - ember be not the forum for legality , you be so right ! judith hmph . 55 sy no , judith and I think merely we should discuss the practicality , the live arrangement , a situation that will conduce to the comfit of all the party . this be a issue where no one be at odd . larry be not sure where this be lead : larry . live arrangement . sy absolutely . I think we all agree , the child not be contaminate by the tension - the most impawtant . judith we should not put the kid in the middle of this , larry . larry the kid be not - judith I be say " we . " I be not point finger . sy no one be play the " blame game , " larry . larry I do not say anyone be ! judith well let 's not play he say , she say , either . larry I be not ! I . --- sy aw right , well let 's just step back , and defuse the situation , larry . larry glare at sy . 56 sy smile at he , sadly . he reach over and rest a hand on larry 's hand . . I find , sometimes , if I count to ten . a beat . one ... two ... three ... faw ... or silently . Long beat . judith really , to keep thing on a even keel , especially now , lead up to danny 's bar mitzvah - sy a child 's bar mitzvah , larry ! judith sy and I think it 's best if you move out of the house . larry . move out ?! sy it make eminent sense . judith thing can not continue as they - larry move out ! where would I go ?! sy well , for instance , the jolly Roger be quite livable . not expensive , and the room be eminently livable . judith this would allow you to visit the kid . sy there 's convenience in its fava . there 's a pool - larry 57 would not it make more sense for you to move in with sy? judith and sy gape at he , shocked . after a long beat : judith larry ! sy larry , you be jest ! judith larry , there be much to accomplish before that can happen . sy be sadly shaking he head . sy larry , larry , larry . I think , really , the jolly Roger be the appropriate coss of action . he shrug . it have a pool . in black and white : a brain it sit in a large fishbowl fill with clear fluid . the brain , alive , pulse . lead connect it to various piece of gear outside the fishbowl . Brain and appurtenance sit on a dais of sort dress out with bunt . oddly , the picture be score with cantorial sing . the brain seem to be give order to people who wear imperfectly form -fitting 1950 's uniform of the future . after receive they instruction the minion of the brain kowtow before it and leave . they be succeed by two leather - helmete thug , big and heavy though lack muscle definition , who escort a resisting handsome man before the brain . the handsome man , hand tie behind he back , gaze defiantly up at the brain which in some fashion address he . we hear blow and voice over the cantorial music : 58 danny stop it ! sarah creep fucker ! danny stop it ! I be get it ! I be gonna get it ! wider show that the brain be on television , which danny have mute while he play the cantor youssele rosenblatt record and drill he torah portion . he and sarah be in a stand - off , hand tense to either deliver or ward off blow . sarah brat ! larry enter . larry what 's go on ? sarah ( leaving ) nothing . she close the door behind she . larry what be that ? danny nothing . larry how 's the haftorah come ? can you maybe use the hi-fi ? danny what ? we hear the doorbell off . larry indicate the portable record player . larry 59 can I borrow this ? I be take some stuff . to , you know , the jolly rodger . danny sure dad . on tv , the handsome man shout defiance at the brain . from off , sarah project : sarah dad . chinese guy . asian man a middle - age Korean man , well groom . he wear a nicely cut suit and a jewele tie - pin . man culcha clash . he bang he two knuckle together , illustrate . . culcha clash . he face larry in the driveway . larry 's car be half - load with open box that be haphazardly stuff with clothing and effect . larry be lean against the hood , arm fold , gaze at the man , unimpress . a long beat . finally he bestir himself . larry with all respect , Mr. Park , I do not think it 's that . Mr. Park yes . 60 larry no . it would be a culture clash if it be the custom in you land to bribe people for grade . Mr. Park yes . larry so - you be say it be the custom ? Mr. Park no . this be defamation . Grounds for lawsuit . larry you - let I get this straight - you be threaten to sue I for defame you son ? Mr. Park yes . larry but it would - gar brandt be this man bother you . gar brandt stand on the strip of lawn separate the two neighbor . he be give Mr. Park a hard stare . larry be he bother I ? no . we be fine . thank you , Mr. brandt . gar brandt , not entirely convinced , withdraw , glaring at the Korean . larry turn back to Mr. Park . . I , uh . . see , if it be defamation there would have to be someone I be defame he to , or I ... all right , I ... let 's keep it simple . I could pretend the money never appear . that 's not defame anyone . bl Mr. Park yes . and pass grade . larry pass grade . Mr. Park yes . larry or you will sue I . Mr. Park for take money . larry so .. . he do leave the money . Mr. Park this be defamation . larry stare at he . larry look . it do not make sense . either he leave the money or he do not Mr. Park please . accept mystery . larry you can not have it both way ! if Mr. Park why not . larry stare . we hear sidor belarsky music . record player 62 sidor belarsky 's sing cross the cut . the tone arm of danny 's portable record player ride on a spin lp . wider show larry grade bluebook at a small formica table crowded into a corner of he motel room . it be a depressingly generic budget motel room of the mid-sixty with cheaply panele wall , thin carpet , formica night table , plastic lamp , and twin bed with stain nubby bedspread . the phone ring . larry hello ... he brighten . . Fine , mimi , how be you ?... uh-huh ... no , it 's not that bad ... it 's not that bad ... there 's a pool ... Arthur emerge from a alcove in the dim depth of the room that have a dress - room mirror and apparently connect to the bathroom . he have a hand towel press to the back of he neck . . oh sure , that sound great . . . oh , great , then I will bring danny ... lake nokomis the beach : family be crowded onto the small beach of a freshwater lake , child cavort , adult loung , much sun , few umbrella . Red float connect by red nylon rope define a swim area ; beyond it people dive from a anchore raft . splash and child 's laughter slap off the surface of the lake . wood above the lake . the beach noise have some distance . it also have a faintly bizarre canyon echo . there be a present , sybillant shushing of breeze in the tree . it be dark here with intense hot spot where sun sift through the leaf cover . we be close on danny , who sit very still , lean back against a tree trunk . 63 after a very long beat he slowly exhales , a small amount of smoke feathering out with he breath . voice gimme that fucker . danny pass the joint to ronnie nudell , who sit opposite . picnic area on a woodless rise above the lake . each of the separate picnic area consist of a redwood table and bench place next to a firepit . here in the sun both larry and mel nudell , a man slightly older than larry , glisten with sweat . mel , in the background , bounce a bag of charcoal briquette to spill some into the firepit . larry sit at the table in the foreground with mimi nudell who alone seem unaffected by the heat - or by anything else in the physical environment . her pale , gravely compose giacometti face be shade by a large-brimmed hat . larry no. almost a year and a half since touche Ross let he go . he 's very good with number . I think he , he social skill have hold he back . mimi such a sweet man though . larry Arthur have a good heart . and he never complain , unlike I . sometimes I do not give he enough credit . mimi he try to tell I about this thing he 's work on , this , um ... larry the mentaculus ? he say it 's a , uh. a probability map . of the universe . he ask if I could help he publish it . um , it be a little hard for I to evaluate . 64 a beat . mimi do he go out socially at all ? larry he try . he 's be go to the singles mixer at hillel House . - well , I should talk , I be not do any better . mimi how be judith ? larry Fine . she 's fine . I be the odd man out . mimi smile . mimi sometimes this thing just be not mean to be . and it can take a while before you feel what be always there , for better or worse . larry I never feel it ! it be a bolt from the blue ! what do that mean ! everything that I think be one way turn out to be another ! mimi then - it 's a opportunity to learn how thing really be . larry brood . mimi soften . . I be sorry - I do not mean to sound glib . it 's not always easy , decipher what God be try to tell you . larry I will say . mimi but it 's not something you have to figure out all by you - self . we be Jews , we have that well of tradition to draw on , to help we understand . when we be puzzle we have all the 65 storey that have be hand down from people who have the same problem . larry I guess . mimi have you talk to rabbi nachtner ? silence . Arthur be climb the hill from the lake , drip wet . he project : arthur Boy ! the air out here be magnificent ! mimi , look at larry , respond to he dark silence : mimi why not see he ? mel nudell have finish spread and lighting the coal . he now come and sit next to mimi , drape a arm over she shoulder . she stroke he hand , still look at larry . larry what 's the rabbi gonna tell I ? mimi if I know I would be the rabbi . he look at she glumly . she laugh . . life be beautiful , larry . nobody 's sick . nobody die . you just need help remember how to enjoy it . she rest she head against mel 's shoulder . . where be the kid ? mel Woods . explore . uncle Arthur approach , swim trunk plaster to he thigh , hair drip , one hand 66 press he towel to the back of he neck . arthur if somebody could bottle this air they would make a million buck ! a white title come up : the first rabbi synagogue office anteroom Day . larry sit wait . a door open and he rise . larry oh- rabbi Scott . rabbi Scott ginzler be the junior rabbi , a man in he twenty . rabbi Scott hello larry . larry I think I be go to see rabbi nachtner . rabbi Scott he be call away on a etz monim : Ruth brynn 's mother be in the hospital and she be not do well . rabbi nachtner ask I to cover for he - come on in . rabbi scott' office a few minute later . larry sit tensely hunch forward face rabbi Scott . larry and she want a gett . a long silence . the hum of ventilation . at length : 67 rabbi Scott a what ? larry she want a- rabbi Scott oh , a gett . uh-huh , sure . larry I feel like the carpet 's be yank out from under I . I do not know which end be up . I be not even sure how to react ; I be too confuse . rabbi Scott what reason do she give ? for the rupture ? larry she do not give -reason . just that , oh , you know , thing have not be go well . rabbi Scott and be that true ? larry I guess . I do not know . she 's usually right about this thing . rabbi Scott mm-hm . larry I feel so ... addle . rabbi Scott yes , I can see . larry I be hope that ... rabbi nachtner ... rabbi Scott that he would ... yes ? 68 larry well , with the benefit of he life experience ... no offense - rabbi Scott chuckle . rabbi Scott no , of course not . I be the junior rabbi . and it 's true , the point-of -view of somebody who 's older and perhaps have similar problem might be more valid . and you should see the senior rabbi as well , by all mean . or even minda if you can get in , he 's quite busy . but maybe-can I share something with you ? because I too have have the feel of lose track of hashem , which be the problem here . I too have forget how to see him in the world . and when that happen you think , well , if I can not see him , he be not there any more , he 's go . but that 's not the case . you just need to remember how to see him . be I right ? he rise and go to the window . I mean , the parking lot here . not much to see . it be a different angle on the same parking lot we see from the Hebrew school window . but if you imagine yourself a visitor , somebody who be not familiar with this ... auto and such ... somebody still with a capacity for wonder ... someone with a fresh ... perspective . that 's what it be , larry . larry um ... rabbi Scott because with the right perspective you can see hashem , you know , reach into the world . he be in the world , not just in shul . it souund to I like you be look at the world , look at you wife , through tired eye . it sound like she 's become a sort of ... thing ... a problem ... a thing ... larry well , she 's , she 's see sy ableman . 69 rabbi Scott oh. larry she 's , they be plan , that 's why they want the gett. rabbi Scott oh. I be sorry . larry it be he idea . rabbi Scott well , they do need a gett to remarry in the faith . but this be life . for you too . you can not cut yourself off from the mystical or you will be - you will remain - completely lose . you have to see this thing as expression of God 's will . you do not have to like it , of course . larry the boss be not always right , but he 's always the boss . rabbi Scott ha-ha-ha ! that 's right , thing be not so bad . look at the parking lot , larry . rabbi Scott gaze out , marvel . . just look at that parking lot . exterior : gopnik house we low angle look across the lawn toward the front of the house . someone 's pound footstep approach and he foot enter just off the lens and he quickly recede , cropping in as he race up to the house : danny . a beat later pursue foot enter , slow - for danny be already mount the front stoop . danny 's pursuer do not go deep enough to crop in but we might gather from the size eleven sneaker and the cuffed jeans that it be hulk Mike fagle . 70 gopnik kitchen we hear the front door be flung open and slam shut , and in the background foyer danny appear , panting heavily . he give one glance back toward the front door and then look at he mother and sister eat soup in the foreground . his sister have a towel wrap turbanlike around she head . she hold it with one hand to keep it from tipping off when she tilt she head down for the soup . danny ( still panting ) we eat already ? sarah I be go to the hole . danny enter the kitchen and sit at the set across from he sister . he pick up he spoon . some movement in sarah 's body ; danny recoil from a kick . danny ow ! cut it out ! judith what 's go on ? the sibling slurp soup , neither answer . after a couple slurp : . be not dad eat ? judith he 's at the jolly Roger . danny oh yeah . more eat . fade out 71 sieglestein , schlutz in a small windowless conference room line by bookshelve fill with law reference book , larry rise to greet Don milgram , enter . larry don. don how be you , larry , Jesus , I be so sorry to be see you under this circumstance . larry oh , well ... don I always think you and judy be rock solid . this be so terrible , larry . this be devastating . larry well , the way I look at it , it 's a opportunity for I to really sit down and figure thing out , and , and , look at the world afresh instead of just , you know , settling for the routine , tired old way of look at thing . Don milgram stare at he . don . really ? larry ( deflating ) I do not know . maybe not . don well , legally , I have to warn you , it 's never easy for the husband . unless , of course , there 's some question of the wife have violate the marriage contract . larry oh no , nothing like that . she 's plan to marry sy ableman , but they - 72 don sy ableman ! larry yes , but they - don esther be barely cold ! larry she pass three year ago . don well , okay , still - this change the complexion , larry ! sy ableman ! larry not in the sense that ... there have not be hanky - panky . to my knowledge . don oh . larry no. I be fairly certain this be not a issue . and in fact they , uh , judith want a gett. beat . Don stare blankly at larry . larry clear he throat . a ritual divorce . don oh . larry so that they can remarry in the faith - don uh-huh , sure , not really a legal matter . okay . well . my goodness . how be the child take it ? 73 larry oh , they be very ... he grope . . resilient . don good . well . on the other thing , the neighbor 's property line , I have ask Solomon schlutz to take a look . there 's very little have to do with real estate that will get by sol . larry okay . good . how do you - I guess I be a little worried , how do you , I have money pressure and - don we fee structure ? we bill by the hour . Dave sieglestein and Solomon schlutz bill at a hundred and ten , the associ - ate , I for instance , bill at a secretary stick she head in . secretary a call for Mr. gopnik. danny . at home . larry danny ? ! don you can take it here . secretary oh-eight -oh-nine . larry punch a button on a row of four on the conference - room telephone . larry danny ? ! voice dad ? 74 larry be you all right ? be you all - be everything - voice F troop be fuzzy . larry . what ? voice F troop be still fuzzy . larry stare . don everything okay ? dawn at the jolly roger Wide on the motel room , dimly light by weak sun start to seep in around the curtain . larry sleep in one of the twin bed ; uncle Arthur snore in the other . uncle Arthur 's breath snag and tangles on a snorfling inhale and it wake he , gag . he blink , sit up , swing he leg out , gaze blearily around the room . he rise stiffly and head for the bathroom . larry stir . the sound of uncle Arthur urinate . larry look blearily around . larry stiffly rise . he take the two step across the room to the formica desk on which be spread papers for he class . as we hear the suck sound of the neck evacuator in the bathroom , larry sweep papers together and mechanically stuff he briefcase . car larry be drive , hollow - eye , to work . after a long beat of stare , the ka-ching of a bicycle bell . 75 larry 's eye widen and he head swivel , tracking as he overtake and pass : the bicyclist . a young asian man wear a white traffic-mask . larry look at he in the rear-view . larry clive ! he start frantically pump down he window , shouting : . clive ! you gonna send you mother next ?! you little bastard ! I wanna see you ! I wanna - crash . he have rear-end someone . a blaring horn , a quick second crash : wrenching steel and spattering glass . he have be rear-end in turn . the ka-ching of the bicycle . clive Park cycle past without look . blegen hall larry enter the outer office , hugging he paper-stuffed briefcase to he chest . the secretary be just crook the phone into she shoulder . secretary oh - Professor gopnik . it 's Dick dutton again . larry ( blank ) Dick dutton . larry office he sit in and pick up the phone . 76 larry hello ? voice hello , Mr. gopnik , this be Dick dutton from the Columbia record Club . I be call because it be now , what , four month and we have yet to receive you first payment . larry I - there 's some mistake . I be not a member of the columbian record Club . voice Sir , you be lawrence gopnik of 1425 flag Avenue South ? larry no , I live at the jolly Roger . voice Excuse I ? larry no , I - well , yes , okay . voice yes you be lawrence gopnik ? larry okay . voice okay mean ... larry okay , yes , lawrence gopnik , yes . voice okay , well , you receive you twelve introductory album and you have be receive the monthly main selection for four month now - larry " the monthly main selection ? " be that a record ? I do not 77 ask for any record . voice to receive the monthly main selection you do nothing . you - larry that 's right ! I have not do anything ! voice yes , that 's why you receive the monthly main selection . the last larry but I - voice the last one be santana abraxis . you - larry I do not ask for santana abraxis ! voice you request the main selection at the retail price by do nothing . it be automatically mail to you . plus shipping and handle . you be about to - larry I can not afford a new record every month ! I have not ask for - voice you be about to get cosmo 's Factory , sir . the June main selection . and you have not - larry look , something be very wrong ! I do not want santana abraxis ! I have just be in a terrible auto accident ! beat . voice I be sorry sir . 78 larry well - thank you . but I - voice be you okay ? larry yes . yes , no one be hurt . voice okay . good . well , you have fourteen day to listen to santana abraxis and return it if you be not completely satisfied . you do nothing . and now you - larry I do not ask for santana abraxis ! I do not listen to santana abraxis ! I do not do anything ! the secretary be stick she head in . secretary sir. voice sir. please . we can not make you listen to the record . we - secretary Professor gopnik , you son . he say it 's urgent . larry okay , look , I have to call you back , this be , this be I be sorry . he irritably punch a button on the bottom row of four . danny ? danny dad ! larry do you join the Columbia record Club ?! 79 silence . . danny ? danny um ... larry danny , this be completely unacceptable . I can not afford to - danny okay dad , but you gotta come home . larry be it F troop ? danny huh ? no no . Mom 's real upset . gopnik house larry enter . we can hear weep , semi-hysterical , from somewhere in the house . sarah 's Voice . dad ? larry yes ? she enter . sarah do this mean I can not go to the hole tonight ? larry do what mean - what happen ? sarah sy ableman die in a car crash . danny 's Voice 80 hey dad ! larry what ?! danny enter . danny so be you come back home ? can you fix the aerial ? the weep , off , grow louder and more hysterical . larry what ?! danny it 's still , you know ... loud wail . black after a beat in black , a white title : the second rabbi the title fade . rabbi' office we be close on larry . he sit hunch forward , hand clasped in front of he , stare at the floor , sadly shaking he head . after a long beat : larry it seem like she 's ask a awful lot . but then - I do not know . somebody have to pay for sy 's funeral . rabbi nachtner , sit opposite , nod . rabbi nachtner 81 uh-huh . larry his own estate be in probate . but why do it have to be I ? or be it wrong to complain ? judy say it be . but I be so strapped for cash right now - pay for the jolly Roger , and I wreck the car , and danny 's bar mitzvah ... I ... rabbi nachtner something like this - there 's never a good time . larry I do not know where it all leave I . sy 's death . obviously it 's not go to go back like it be . rabbi nachtner mm. would you even want that , larry ? larry no , I - well yeah ! sometimes ! or - I do not know ; I guess the honest answer be I do not know . what be my life before ? not what I think it be . what do it all mean ? what be hashem try to tell I , make I pay for sy ableman 's funeral ? rabbi nachtner mm . larry and-did I tell you I have a car accident the same time sy have he ? the same instant , for all I know . be hashem tell I that sy ableman be I , or we be all one or something ? rabbi nachtner how do God speak to we : it 's a good question . you know Lee Sussman ? larry doctor Sussman ? I think I - yeah . rabbi nachtner do he ever tell you about the goy 's tooth ? 82 larry no ... i- what goy ? rabbi nachtner so Lee be at work one day ; you know he have the orthodontic practice there at texa -tonka . larry uh-huh . rabbi nachtner right next to the gold Eagle cleaner . we cut to : sign for the gold eagle cleaners it dominate a small suburban strip mall . rabbi nachtner continue in voice- over as we cut to a smoke glass door that identify Leon Sussman , dds . rabbi nachtner he 's make a plaster mold - it 's for corrective bridge work - in the mouth of one of he patient ... a close shot of a man 's mouth bite down on two horse - shoe shape trough - a upper and a lower - that overflow a ooze white goo . . Russell kraus . he 's a delivery dispatcher for the Star and tribune with chronic mandicular deterioration . the grind guitar solo from jefferson airplane 's " bear melt " score the narrative . the patient open he mouth as a hand enter to grab the upper tray . the reverse show Dr. Sussman , a bald middle - age man , dress in the the high - collare white smock of a oral surgeon . he carry the mold over to a drying table . kraus be twisted over the side of the chair spitting into the water - swirl spit-sink . . well , the mold dry and Lee be examine it one day 83 before fabricate a appliance ... another day : Dr. Sussman be sit at he desk examine the lower mold . he notice something unusual . . he notice something unusual . Sussman reach up for the loupe attach to he eyeglass . there seem to be something engrave on the inside of the patient 's lower incisor ... he flip down the loupe . his eye be hugely magnify as he stare . sure enough , it 's write . Sussman squint . his point- of-view : tiny incise Hebrew letter : sml�nn back to rabbi nachtner he confirm with a nod . rabbi nachtner this in a goy 's mouth , larry . back to leon sussman the rabbi 's narrative continue . rabbi nachtner Tet resh nun lame nun shin tsayin . what be that - tiranu linoshet ? " help I " ? be that what it say ? or be it a name ? it 's not kraus 's name . Sussman flip the loupe away and look off , haunt . he rise . he check the mold , just to be sure . oh , it 's there all 84 right ... a dental mirror be dip into the horse- shoe-shape harden paste of the mold . it pan tiny letter that stand out in relief , right - side around in the mirror : yw .rin Sussman lean back , think . he call the goy back on the pretense of need additional measurement for the appliance ... Close on kraus grin as he shake Sussman 's hand in the reception area . Sussman gesture to invite kraus back to the examination room . Sussman chat , affect nonchalance . in the examination room , lean over kraus in the chair , the dentist be indeed chat with seem casualness . notice any other problem with you tooth ? anything peculiar , et cetera ? Sussman take a dental mirror . no. no. no. visit any other dentist recently ? he look in kraus ' mouth with the mirror : ym no Sussman frown . there it be . " help I " ? he lean back . Sussman go home . can Sussman eat ? no. Sussman sit at the kitchen table , untouched food in front of he . his wife chat volubly while Sussman stare into space . can Sussman sleep ? no . 85 Sussman be in bed , pyjamas buttone to the neck , stare at the ceiling . what do it mean ? be it a message for he , for Sussman ? and if so , from whom ? do Sussman know ? Sussman do not know . back in the dental office Sussman pull box contain other mold off the shelf . Sussman look at the mold of he other patient , goy and Jew alike , seek other message . he find none . he look in he own mouth ... Close on Sussman in front of a mirror strain to see the reflection of a reflection of the dental mirror he hold in he own mouth . . nothing . his wife 's mouth ... Sussman 's wife lie asleep on she back , she mouth open , snore softly . Sussman , in pyjamas but with he glass on and loupe in place , lie over she in bed , support himself with one arm throw across she body . he lean awkwardly in , carefully lowering a dental mirror into he wife 's open mouth . . nothing . it be a singular event . a mystery . the jefferson airplane guitar solo be heating up . but Sussman be a educate man . not the world 's great sage , maybe , no rabbi minda , but he know a thing or two from the Zohar and the caballah . he know every Hebrew letter have its numeric equivalent . Sussman , still in he pyjamas be sit at the kitchen table scribbling on a tablet of line paper . Close on the paper : the Hebrew letter have be transcribe into they numeric equivalent : 496-2428 nachtner continue in voice - over : 86 Seven digit - a phone number maybe ? Sussman reach for the phone . he hesitates a moment , then dial . . Sussman dial . it ring . a elevate cubicle in a grocery store . a man in short sleeve reach for the phone . rabbi nachtner it 's a Red owl grocery store in bloomington . hello ? do you know a goy name kraus ? russel kraus ? the store manager be shaking he head . where have I call ? the Red owl. in bloomington . thanks so much . the manager , puzzle , hang up . Sussman think , be I suppose to go to the Red owl , to receive a further sign ? he go ... in the parking lot of the Red owl Sussman , wear a short - brimm fedora , emerge from he car . it be a unremarkable grocery store in a suburban mall . it 's a Red owl . Inside Sussman , in he fedora , gaze around . Grocery . what have you . a service alley behind the store : dumpster , wind - blow garbage , Sussman look . on the wall behind the store , a stain ... there be a old , rather nondescript stain of some liquid splatted against the back wall and long since dribble away . . could be a nun sofit ... or maybe not ... the parking lot again : Sussman get back in he car . 87 Sussman go home . what do it mean ? he have to find out , if he 's ever to sleep again . Sussman again , in pyjamas buttone to the neck , lie in he bed stare at the ceiling . he go to see the rabbi , nachtner . he come in and sit right where you be sit now . Sussman be indeed sit across from rabbi nachtner , just where we have see larry sit . what do it mean , rabbi ? be it a sign from hashem ? " help I . " I , Sussman , should be do something to help this goy ? do what ? the tooth do not say . I should know without ask ? or maybe I be suppose to help people generally - lead a more righteous life ? be the answer in cabalah ? in torah ? or be there even a question ? tell I , rabbi-what can such a sign mean ? nachtner - not the narrate nachtner but the nachtner in the scene - nod and consider . larry stare at the rabbi . he wait a good beat . he prompt : larry so what do you tell he ? the rabbi seem surprised by the question . rabbi nachtner Sussman ? larry yes ! rabbi nachtner be it . . relevant ? 88 larry well - be not that why you be tell I ? rabbi nachtner mm. okay . nachtner say , look .. . we be back in the scene , narrate by voice -over , of the rabbi silently advise the fretful Sussman . . the tooth , we do not know . a sign from hashem , do not know . helping other , could not hurt . larry 's voice - over question play over Sussman ask the same thing : larry ( of ] ) but be that what it mean ? - tet resh nun lame nun shin isayin , be it " help I " ? or a number ? or be it rabbi nachtner ( off ) we can not know everything . Sussman stare blankly at the rabbi . a beat . larry ( of ] ) it sound like you do not know mthing ! the rabbi smiling equably at larry . he react to the ejaculation with a shrug . larry scowl . larry why even tell I the story ? rabbi nachtner ( amuse ) first I should tell you , then I should not . 89 larry , exasporate , change tack : larry what happen to Sussman ? sussman in he office . work on different patient as the rabbi resume he voice-over . rabbi nachtner what would happen ? not much . he go back to work . for a while he check every patient 's tooth for new message ; do not see any ; in time , he find he would stop check . Sussman , at home , chat with he wife over dinner . . this question that be bother you , larry - maybe they be like a toothache . we feel they for a while , then they go away . Sussman lie in bed sleep , smile , a arm throw across he wife . larry dissatisfy . larry I do not want it to just go away ! I want a answer ! rabbi nachtner the answer ! sure ! we all want the answer ! but hashem do not owe we the answer , larry . hashem do not owe we anything . the obligation run the other way . larry why do he make we feel the question if he 's not gonna give we any answer ? rabbi nachtner smile at larry for a beat . 90 rabbi nachtner he have not tell I . larry rub he face , frustrated . a last question occur to he : larry and what happen to the goy ? rabbi nachtner 's forebearing smile fade into puzzlement . rabbi nachtner the goy ? who care ? exterior : the synagogue the modern synagogue graft onto a patch of prairie . a echoing voice ring out : voice sy ableman be a serious man ! rabbi nachtner in close - up he gaze around , weigh the effect of the word just deliver . after a long beat during which he seek to establish eye contact with as much of he audience as possible : rabbi nachtner . sy ableman be a man devote to he community ... wider show rabbi nachtner up on the bema . he and the congregation face each other across a casket down at floor level . . to torah study ... larry sit among the congregant , he gaze fix on a point off . 91 . to he beloved wife esther until , three year ago , she pass .. . larry 's point - of -view : judy be visible from 3 behind . she sit a few row ahead look grimly up at the rabbi . . and to he duty , as he see it . where do such a man go ? a tzadik - who know , maybe even a lamid vovnik -a man beloved by all , a man who despise the frivolous ? could such a serious man ... simply ... disappear ? the word echo . again the rabbi gaze around , as if await answer . then : . we speak of l'olam ha - ba , the World to come . not heaven . not what the gentile think of as afterlife . " l'olam ha - ba . " what be l'olam ha-ba ? where be l'olam ha-ba ? well : it be not a geoaraphic place , certainly . like - Canada . murmured chuckle from the congregation . nor be it the eretz zavat chalav ood 'vash - the land flow with milk and honey , for we be not promise a personal reward , a gold star , a first - class VIP lounge where we get milk and cookie to eternity ! more chuckle . l'olam ha-ba ... be in the bosom of abraham . l'olam ba - ba be in the soul of this community which nurture sy ableman and to which sy ableman now return . that 's right , he return . because he still inspire we ableman return . because he memory instruct we ableman return . because he thought illuminate we day and way sy ableman return . the frivolous man may vanish without a ripple but sy ableman ? sy ableman be a serious man ... 92 a sob echoe through the sanctuary . larry look at judith , who stifles further sob with a handkerchief . . as you know , the mourner 's kaddish do not mention the dead . it praise hashem ; it praise what abide . and sy ableman , whose spirit will continue to assist we in tikkun olam , be with we even now , a serious man who would say as we now say yiskadal v'yiskadash sh'may rabah ... the congregation begin to chant along but it and judith 's weep be cut off by : a hand rapping at a door the front door to the gopnik home . larry , still in he suit from shul and wear a yarmulka , open the door . he recoil in surprise edge with fear . reverse : two uniform policeman . cop 1 Arthur gopnik ? larry be momentarily dumb . Inside the house we can see a corner of a card table set up in the live room with food laid out on it . sarah sit with she back to we , head wrap by a towel -turban . Arthur , on the far side of the table , he bald head dome by a yarmul - ka , half - lean out so that he may sneak look toward the man at the door without totally revealing himself . from somewhere down the hall come judith 's muffle sob . . be you Arthur gopnik ? larry I be ... laurence gopnik . cop I do you go by the name Arthur gopnik ? larry no . 93 cop 1 be that Arthur gopnik ? Arthur duck away . from inside the live room : danny ( off ) dad ? what 's go on ? larry can you tell I what 's go on . we be sit shiva here . cop 1 you be what . larry a religious observance . we be ... bereaved . the cop stand behind gaze in over he partner 's shoulder . cop 2 who die ? larry my wife 's um ... it 's a long story . cop 1 look. tell gopnik - you know , Arthur gopnik -he 's break the law . we be not arrest he now but next time we will . gambling be against the law in this state . that 's just the way it be . all right . go back to you ... cop 2 sorry , sir . live room a minute later . the family - except for judith , whose weep continue off-sit around the card table . a long beat . at length : 94 danny dad , we get Channel 4 now but not Channel 7 . larry Arthur , how could you do that to this family . on sy ... on sy 's - arthur it 's a victimless crime . larry that do not make it right ! and you - danny he win a lot of money , dad ! the mentaculus really work ! larry 's gaze swing onto he son . larry you know about it ?! danny well , um ... arthur they must have fink I out . they know I could just keep on win , so a couple week ago they blackball I , and now they have - larry what do you do with the money you win ? silence . Arthur sneak a look at danny . larry look back and forth between they . . what 's go on ? Arthur shrug . arthur 95 I do not want it . danny say he could use it sarah unfair ! larry what have you be - arthur what 's unfair be this guy say I can not play in they card game ! sarah why give he the money ?! you know what he spend it on ? larry ( know nod ) I know about the record . sarah record ?! you think he busy record from Mike fagle ? Movement in danny 's body ; sarah recoil from a kick . . ow ! Little brat ! larry hey ! what 's go on ! danny at least I be not save up for a nose job ! larry what ?! sarah brat ! larry nobody in this house be get a nose job ! you get that ?! 96 danny Ali ! struck by a think he leap up and bolt from the room . larry danny ! you be not excuse ! we be still talk ! sarah what a brat . larry what be this card game , Arthur ? arthur some goy run a private game . we hear the tv go on down the hall and the theme from F troop . I think they be italian . larry danny , what 's go on ! he rise . bedroom larry enter to look down at danny 's back . Beyond he F troop flicker on the tv . larry danny ! we be sit shiva ! don milgram' office larry , sit across from Don , have he head bury in he arm on the desktop . don she 's retain barney Silver at tuchman , marsh . this be a , uh -- this be a aggressive firm , larry . 97 larry ( muffled ) uh-huh . don this be not pleasant people . judith be free of course to retain whoever she ... I take it you do not talk to she ? larry raise he head , squinting against the light . larry it 's hard . I think she emptied we bank account . I try to ask she about it , very civilly . don mm. larry she , uh ... don yeah , yeah you better open a account in you name only , put you paycheck in there from here on out . til we know where we stand . larry can I ? don oh , absolutely ! larry that 's not , um , dishonest ? don oh , absolutely ! you , uh - larry I hate to say this , but I think she 's also be sneaking cash out of my wallet . don ouch . well , yes , this be definitely , um , adversarial . the 98 first thing we-are you all right ? larry be wince as he rub a forearm under he shirtsleeve . larry just a sunburn . I have be spend a lot of time on the roof . for ... perspective . he trail off and he head drop back down onto he arm . Don give he a appraise look . don . have you see the rabbi ? larry ( muffle again ) talk to nachtner . don you should talk to minda . larry they tell I minda do not do pastoral work any more . just .. . ceremonial . don mm. congratulate the bar mitzvah boy every week , so forth ? larry nod miserably . . that 's too bad . a very wise man , minda . larry raise he head . larry get old . don very old . larry no , I . 99 don larry , you be fine . it 's a bump in the road . be nachtner helpful at all ? larry give a helpless shrug . Don roll he eye . . what - do he tell you about the goy 's tooth ? a knock on the door . Don project : yeah ? the door crack open . a pipe edge in , follow by a peek face : Solomon schlutz . . oh , good ! sol , come on in . Solomon schlutz be a large man in shirtsleeve and suspender . he have the smooth impassive face of a sphynx with a pipe clench in its tooth . he glide into the room , a sheaf of file tuck under one arm . . sol have be look into the property - line issue .. . Solomon schlutz seat himself at the conference table and start sorting and arrange the file into three pile . . it seem that you do have a real problem with the original survey . but sol seem to think there 's some kind of nifty way for we to - well , I have not hear it myself , I will let sol map it out . Solomon schlutz continue to arrange the file , he eye occasionally linger on a specific page . when at length he be finish he carefully justify the edge of the close pile , take the pipe out of he mouth , give larry a smile that seem to take some effort , and then tap the pipe in a large glass ashtray . he look up again at larry , this time shocked . his stunne look on larry hold for a long beat . larry return a bewilder look . 100 Solomon schlutz , stare at larry as if he be some sort of monster , emit one bark syllable : Solomon schlutz gah ! his stare hold . he redden . don . sol ? Solomon schlutz 's face now pass from the red end of the spectrum to the purple . Solomon schlutz nnnnff ! the pipe clatter out of he hand . the hand grab at he own shirt front . . glufffl ... now he head pitch back . his backflung weight and twist body send he chair tipping over , one hand still clutching at he chest while the other frantically wave . he disappear behind the conference table and land with a floor- shaking thump . his writhe and gurgle remain audible . don sol ! sol ! Don milgram have rise to look down at he fall colleague ; now he fling open the conference room door and bellow into the office : a ambulance ! Quick ! somebody call a ambulance ! a doctor ! a secretary look in and scream . Solomon schlutz garf !... nnlogl ... blegen hall 101 larry walk into the outer office clutching he briefcase , eye wide , shell - shocked . the secretary be at she typewriter but hold the phone , one hand cover its mouthpiece . secretary Dick dutton . Columbia record Club . larry call back . he office larry sit in heavily behind he desk . a beat . he open the top leave desk drawer . he withdraw the bulg white envelope and open its flap . he run a finger over the wad of bill . voice larry ? he look up , startle . arlen finkle stand in the doorway . . as you know , the tenure committee meet - be you all right ? larry sit freeze with the white envelope in he hand . larry I be ... fine . arlen finkle I be sorry . I know you have hit a rough patch . larry thank you . I be fine . he put the envelope in the desk drawer and close it . 102 arlen finkle uh-huh . well . as you know , the tenure committee meet next Wednesday to make its final determination . if there be - larry arlen , I be not a evil man ! arlen look at he , shocked . arlen finkle larry ! of course not ! larry I be not - arlen finkle we do not make moral judgment ! larry I go to the Aster Art once . I see swedish reverie . arlen finkle it 's okay , larry , we do not need to know ! the tenure committee - larry it be not even erotic ! although it be , in a way . arlen finkle it 's all right , larry . believe I . larry calm somewhat . larry . okay . arlen finkle okay . okay . we , uh , we decide on Wednesday , so if there 's anything you want to submit in support of you tenure application , we should have it by then . that 's all . larry 103 submit . what . what do you - arlen finkle well . anything . publish work . anything else you have do outside of the institution . any work that we might not be aware of . larry I have not do anything . arlen finkle uh-huh . larry I have not publish . arlen finkle uh-huh . larry be you still get that letter ? arlen finkle uh-huh . larry that anonymous - arlen finkle yes , I know . yes . a beat . larry nod . larry okay . okay . Wednesday . arlen finkle okay . do not worry . do nothing be not bad . ipso facto . larry sure . 104 classroom we be close over larry 's shoulder as he scribbles symbol onto the chalkboard . larry . and that mean ... so that ... from which we derive ... his glance back toward the class show that he be wearier , baggier - eye , more haggard than ever . there be also something odd about he posture . he write smaller and smaller so as to finish before hit the right edge of the chalkboard . . and also .. which let we ... and ... wider as he finish and straighten up , revealing that he have be stooping to write across the very bottom of the board . the equation cover every inch of the classroom - wide three - panele chalkboard . larry be a off balance figure at the right edge of frame . reverse on the class : stare . okay ? larry clap chalk dust from he hand . . the uncertainty principle . it prove we can not ever really know ... what 's go on . a bell sound . the student start to shake off they stupor and rise . larry project over the wallah : . so it should not bother you . not be able to figure anything out . although you will be responsible for this on the mid-term . the thinning crowd gradually reveal one person still seat : sy ableman . he wear a prayer shawl and yarmulka . 105 larry do not seem surprised to see he . . do you follow that ? sy ableman of coss . except that I know what 's go on . how do you explain . larry well , it might be that , in , you know , in l'olam ha-bah - sy ableman Excuse I . not the issue . in this world , larry . he nod at the chalkboard . . I will concede that it 's subtle . it 's clevva . but at the end of the day , be it convincing ? larry well - yes it 's convincing . it 's a proof . it 's mathematics . sy ableman Excuse I , larry . Mathematics . be the art of the possible . larry 's brow furrow . larry I do not think so . the art of the possible , that 's ... I can not remember ... something else ... sy ableman I be a serious man , larry . larry I know that . so if I have get it wrong , what do I - sy ableman hold up one hand to silence he . sy ableman so simple , larry . see minda . 106 larry I know , I want to see minda ! I want to see minda ! they tell I that oonh ! without we have see he rise or cross the room sy ableman have body - slam larry into the chalkboard . now he grab larry by the hair and whip he head against the equation . as he slam larry 's head , again and again , the chalkboard chatter and the fringe on sy 's tallis dance . sy ableman see minda ! see minda ! I fuck you wife , larry ! I seriously fuck she ! that 's what 's go on ! see minda ! larry very close on he eye as they open . his head be on a pillow . dull early light . a hiss sound . larry look blearily over . on the vanity table just outside the motel bathroom door sit uncle Arthur 's cyst evacuator . its waggling hose snake into the crack bathroom door as the machine hiss . mezuza on a doorpost . a hand enter to knock . a long beat . the person knock give up and he footstep start to go away just as the door open to reveal a attractive woman the sunbathing neighbor , now wear plaid short and a buttone white blouse . her point- of-view : larry , freeze halfway down the stoop , head turn back up toward the door . woman Mr. gopnik . 107 larry oh. hello , Mrs. samsky . I knock , and then think you be not here . I , uh ... Mrs. samsky 's voice be soft and breathy : Mrs. samsky it just take I a second to get to the door . I be out back . larry stand nodd . he seem to need prompt . Mrs. samsky do : . can I help you ? wanna come in ? larry no , I - one hand on the door , she step back . Mrs. samsky it 's cooler . larry oh. okay . I just want to let you know ... he be enter . inside after the outside glare the house do indeed seem cooler . larry look around the live room , dim but neat . waver light sift through close vertical blind which drift and click over floor-vent air-condition . Mrs. samsky close the door , shutting out all sound from outside . larry I have notice that Mr. samsky be not around , and I - Mrs. samsky he travel . 108 larry uh-huh . yeah , I never seem to see he , so I think I should let you know , since you be somewhat new here , if you ever have , whatever , chore that you would , um , or just help with something - I have decide to help other - you know , in a neighborly way ... she gaze at he with the least hint of a smile and wait for the speech to dribble away to silence . in the ensue beat , quiet except for the click of the blind , she be perfectly still . finally , only she mouth move : Mrs. samsky how thoughtful . larry shrug off the compliment . larry oh it 's nothing . it 's just good to know you neighbor . and to help . help other . although I do not care much for my neighbor on the other side , I must say . Mrs. samsky let another smile silence pass before respond . Mrs. samsky . goy , be not they ? larry mm. very much so . maybe it 's not fair to judge ; I have to admit I - Mrs. samsky wo not you sit down ? larry oh ! um. okay . thank you . Mrs. samsky iced tea ? I have some . she be already turn to the kitchen . 109 larry okay .. . he watch she and react to : the back of she thigh . the flesh retain the broad cross-hatch of she lawn chair . she disappear into the kitchen , but call out : Mrs. samsky I do not see you around much , either . larry yes . actually I have not be home a lot recently , I , uh , my wife and I be , uh , well , she 's get I stay at the jolly Roger , the little motel there on - Mrs. samsky be reenter with two tall glass of iced tea bead with moisture . the click of the ice cube join the click of the blind . Mrs. samsky you be in the doghouse , huh ? she hand he a glass as she sit on the couch next to he , not invasively close , one bare leg fold onto the couch , the other drape over it . larry yeah , that 's a understatement I guess , I - thank you - I , uh - Mrs. samsky do you take advantage of the new freedom ? larry stare at she . Mrs. samsky gaze back . her look display equanimity ; he , not . finally : larry . what do you mean . her look hold for one more beat and then she swivel and open the drawer of a end table . 110 she turn back with a joint . Mrs. samsky it 's something I do . for recreation . she light it . larry that 's ... marijuana ? Mrs. samsky mm-hmm . she hand the joint over . . you will find you will need the iced tea . larry handle the bitty cigarette with trepidation . larry be it . . well .. . okay ... the vertical blind some minute later . they drift and click in the air blow from the floor vent . larry stare at they . after a long beat : larry maybe rabbi Scott be right . Mrs. samsky who 's rabbi Scott ? larry the junior rabbi . Mrs. samsky the junior rabbi . 111 another long beat . neither person feel compel to speak as the blind click . the joint make another trip back and forth . then : . what do he say ? larry he speak of .. perception . all my problem be just ... just a ... a mere .. he trail off , listen . . be that a siren ? Mrs. samsky no . some people get a little paranoid when they ... Holy cow ... that be a siren . outside the samsky 's door open and larry stumble out . he stare . the police car have stop in front of he own house next door , light still flash . two cop be go up the walk with uncle Arthur between they in handcuffs . larry , stunne , walk woodenly toward he house . larry hey ! neither the cop nor uncle Arthur have hear . they have rung the doorbell and now disappear inside . larry project louder - . hey ! - and start to sprint . Mrs. samsky have emerge from she house behind . larry take the stoop step two at a time . his door stand open and the theme from F 112 troop issue from within . just inside the two policeman stand with they back to we and handcuff uncle Arthur in between . the three man face danny , who address they , project over the music from the tv . danny sort of . he sleep on the couch . larry this be crazy ! this bring the cop ' look around . uncle Arthur also turn , shameface , to larry . cop do this man live here ? arthur I do not know what to tell they ! they ask for my address .. . larry it 's just mathematics ! you can not arrest a man for mathematics ! arthur I do not know whether to say I live here or at the jolly Roger . cop you know this man ? arthur I figure this would sound more ... I do not know ... Mrs. samsky appear behind larry on the stoop . danny dad , why be uncle Arthur in handcuffs ? larry it 's all a mistake . I mean , not a mistake , a , a - 113 arthur hello , Mrs. samsky . larry -a miscarriage - cop do this man live here ? danny he sleep on the couch . larry look ! what do he do ! arthur nothing ! I do not do anything ! danny it fold out . dad sleep on a cot . larry you can not just - cop Sir , we pick this man up at the North dakota . larry be bring up short . larry the North dakota ! arthur but I do not do anything ! danny dad , what 's the North dakota ? cop solicitation . sodomy . very serious . 114 larry . the North dakota ! we hold on larry 's shocked reaction as we hear danny , off : danny what 's sodomy , dad ? don milgram he wear a black armband . he sit think , bounce steeple finger against he nose . finally : don what do Arthur say ? larry he say he do not do anything . don uh-huh . larry he say . . . he just go in for a drink . don uh-huh . Long beat . . do Arthur drink ? larry no . don uls-huh . larry . he say he be confuse . 115 don uh-huh . uh-huh . well . the North dakota . well . you will need a criminal attorney . larry okay . who 's - don ron meshbesher . larry be he good ? don ron be very good . larry 's gaze wander . he become wistful . larry I do not understand . he go to mixer at the hillel House . don mm. a beat . . I would call ron meshbesher . larry be he expensive ? don ron be not cheap . Don focus on larry . cheerful change of subject : . danny 's bar mitzvah be ... ? larry this week . 116 don this shabbas ! great ! he nod . . it will be okay . try to relax , larry . try to relax . mrs . samsky's bedroom larry be make strenuous love to Mrs. samsky . Mrs. samsky so good ... so good ... she roll on top of larry to straddle he and , still humping , she light a mentholate cigarette . larry moan . larry oh my God , Mrs. samsky ... Beyond she head larry can see the low cottage - cheese ceiling of the bedroom . outside we can hear gar brandt mow the lawn . suddenly we hear muffle laughter and the front door open . larry panic . he hiss : . who be it ? footstep be approach along the hall . Mrs. samsky do not react ; she look calmly down at larry even as the bedroom door open behind she and clive Park walk in wear a traffic mask . larry be mortify : clive , please ! wait outside ! Mrs. samsky blow smoke into larry 's eye . the screen go black . Close on larry as he open he eye . a shadow fall across he face . his point- of-view : a wooden plank be just be sly into place over he head . the bang of hammer on nailhead . in the black : 117 sy ableman 's Voice nailing it down be so impawtant . we hear the chant of kaddish and the sound of dirt hit the top of the coffin . it drum a steady rhythm . Grace slick 's voice enter : " somebody to Love . " in a break in the vocal right before the chorus : Mrs. samsky 's Voice it 's something we do . for recreation . on the chorus downbeat , a crescent moon pop into the black . gar brandt traverse the sky , push he lawn mower . a cow fly the opposite way . star twinkle . sy able - man walk across the sky dress like a shtetl elder , a bindlestick over one shoulder . larry bolt upright in bed . sudden quiet . uncle Arthur be snore in the tatty motel room 's other bed . a title burn in : minda larry he stand look down in low shot . above he be cheap Johnson - armstrong drop ceiling . larry please . I need help . I have already talk to the other rabbis . please . reverse show a elderly eastern european woman seat behind a desk , look up at larry . . I will not take much of he time . I need help . I need minda . it 's not about danny 's bar mitzvah . my boy danny . this come shabbas . very joyous event . that 's all fine . it 's , it 's more about myself , I have ... I have have quite a bit of tsuris lately . marital problem . professional . you name it . this be not a frivolous request . this be a serious - I be a serious - I be , uh , I have try to be a serious man . you 118 know , try to do right , be a member of the community , raise the , raise the , danny , sarah , they both go to school , Hebrew school , a good breakfast . well , danny go to Hebrew school , sarah do not have time , she mostly ... wash she hair . apparently there be several step involved . but you do not have to tell minda that . just tell he I need help . please . I need help . he lapse into silence , stare at the secretary . she stare inscrutably back . after a moment she rise , go to the door behind she , open it , shuffles into the dimness of a inner office . larry crane to see past she . her own body and the dimness interfere with a good view of the figure hunch behind the desk . the man be old and bent . his desktop be empty . murmured voice in Hebrew . a clock tick in the outer office . larry look around , wait . mysterious judaica adorn the outer office . the old woman be shuffle back . she close the door on the motionless rabbi and sit down , heavily , behind she own desk . secretary the rabbi be busy . larry he do not look busy ! as she start shuffle papers : secretary he 's think . night sidor belarsky come in at the cut . 119 we be booming down on larry , asleep in bed . we hear weep , soft , suppress . larry stir . he open he eye . after a groggy beat he react to the weep . he look over . larry Arthur ... ? Arthur ? Arthur be a dim mound on the next bed . his weep continue . for no reason larry continue to keep he voice to a whisper : . Arthur . what 's wrong ? no answer . . Arthur . it will be okay . Arthur . we will get ron meshbesher . it will be okay - arthur aaahhhh ! shockingy loud , the scream be hard to interpret . Arthur fling off he bedclothes . he leap from the bed and run to the door . in boxer short and undershirt he fling the door open and run out of the room . larry Arthur ! larry leap from he bed , also in he underwear . he go to the door but pause , peer cautiously outside . satisfied that the courtyard be desert , he plunge into it . courtyard the courtyard / parking lot be hardlit by ghastly mercury vapor light . the pool , surround by chain - link fence , have be drain . its white concrete interior be crack 120 and weedy . uncle Arthur be hunch weep in a corner of the pool enclosure . larry ( hissing ) Arthur ! he open the creak gate and scurries over to Arthur . . you have get to pull yourself together ! Arthur be suddenly angry . his voice bounce off the concrete : arthur it 's all shit , larry ! it 's all shit ! larry Arthur . do not use that word . arthur it 's all fuck shit ! larry Arthur ! come on ! arthur look at everything hashem have give you ! and what do I get ! I get fuck shit ! larry Arthur . what do I have . I live at the jolly Roger . arthur you have get a family . you have get a job . hashem have not give I bupk . larry it 's not fair to blame hashem , Arthur . please . sometimes - please calm down - sometimes you have to help you - self . arthur 121 do not blame I ! you fucker ! larry Arthur . please . arthur hashem have not give I shit . now I can not even play card . he start weep again . larry look around . larry Arthur . this be not the right forum . please . not by the pool . Arthur weep . Arthur ... it 's okay ... it 's okay ... morning larry and Arthur be drive . we be look at the two of they square through a windshield in which tower conifer stream by in reflection . it seem to be a glorious day . larry be this it ? both man peer out . arthur I think so ... yeah ... there ... he indicate the road ahead . a signpost the old - fashioned kind with wooden finger point the different direction . one point toward CANADA . 122 we tip off the sign as larry 's car pass and recede . there be a canoe strapped to its roof . boundary water beautiful , wood , remote . the car be park at water 's edge , have back down a lane of two track wear through the undergrowth . larry and Arthur be lowering the canoe into water . larry okay .. . he straighten . Arthur straighten . larry hug he . . look ... they separate and larry pull a white envelope from he pocket and give it to Arthur . . this will help you get back on you foot . Arthur look into the envelope . arthur oh my God . where do you get this ? larry do not matter . when you - arthur this be a lot of money ! larry it should get you start . arthur this be a lot of money ! be you sure you do not need it ? larry Arthur , I be fine . come on , get in . when you be settle ... 123 Arthur climb into the canoe . . let I know how to get in touch . he help push the boat off . Arthur be twisted around , look back . as he drift off : arthur be you sure this be okay ? larry it 's fine . it 's fine ... larry wave . Arthur wave bravely back , then turn to pick up the oar . a couple of stroke and he turn back again with a last think . he call : arthur larry . I be sorry . what I say last night . larry I know . it 's okay . a linger look from Arthur , and then he turn back to row . a gunshot . blood spurt from the back of uncle Arthur 's neck . he slump forward , dead . voice good shot ! larry look wildly around . he see : gar brandt and Mitch in they camo fatigue , hard to pick out in the foliage . they be look off toward the canoe , Mitch just lowering he rifle . gar brandt 's look swing around , into the lens . he point at we : there 's another Jew , son . 124 Mitch swing he rifle toward we . he fire . larry gasp awake in the motel room . he look around . it be dawn . Arthur sit on the edge of he bed in he underwear , stare off into space , slackjaw , vacant - eye , drain . larry gaze around the room , wait for thing to fall into place . finally , blearily : larry be we ... out at the pool last night ? Arthur , still stare off , respond in a flat , empty voice : arthur yes . I be sorry . larry blink sleep away . after a beat : larry it 's shabbas . another beat . Arthur heave a deep sigh . arthur I will go drain my cyst . 125 restroom Day . a two -urinal , two -stall man 's room of old tile and yellow fixture . we be low . one of the stall door be close . under it we see the dress shoe and dress pants of two young man stand inside . we hear a long suck inhale . ronnie nudell 's Voice gimme that fucker . a loudly project echoing male voice : voice ya 'amod hab 'rayshit . sanctuary danny , seat in the second pew next to he parent and sister and uncle Arthur , rise and shuffles along the row to the aisle . his eye be wide and red-rimme . the prelap voice be he call to the torah . all eye in the congregation , which fill the large sanctuary , be on he . in great echoing silence he walk to the step on the right side of the bema and climb . the right - side lectern be surround by a gaggle of old jewish man . they busy themselves with the preparation of the pair of scroll on the lectern , roll they , pause , roll some more , mutter prayer , kissing the scroll by mean of they tsitsim . they pay danny no attention . danny take he place center behind the lectern . his chin come up to the bottom of the read platform . Men continue to mutter prayer around he . a pair of hand appear on he shoulder from behind . danny look down at the strange hand . they pull he back . a foot drag a small riser out from under the lectern . hand push danny up onto the riser . 126 boom up on the torah scroll , still be busily roll . Beyond it , a sea of face . the yad - a mold tin pointer - be thrust into danny 's hand . the non-point end have a red silken tassel . danny look at the bounce tassel . he look at the little point finger which be the business end of the yad . Men mutter around he , each a different prayer . they dip and doven . danny watch himself point the yad down at the scroll . the scroll be a dense swarm of Hebrew letter . danny squint . one voice separate from the murmur around he . it chant , insistently , in a sotto-voce falsetto : voice nefesh echad sheichayim , yitzeh gamor shel effashot ... danny be still stare at the end of the yad against the parchment scroll . someone 's hand enter and move the yad to a different place in the text . the voice repeat : . nefesh echad sheichayim , yitzeh gamor shel effashot ... danny look up from the scroll . in the congregation ronnie nudell sit hunch - shoulder and squish between he parent . he return danny 's red-rimme slack - jaw stare . the insistent voice : . nefesh echad shelchayim , yitzeh gamor shel effashot ... danny look over . from the surround scrum the prompter nod at he . he look somewhat like cantor youssele rosenblatt . 127 . nefesh echad shelchayim , yitzeh gamor shel effashot .. . danny look back down at the scroll . a hand enter to tap a point finger where the yad point . . nefesh echad shelchayim , yitzeh gamor shel effa - danny suddenly erupt : danny nefesh echad shelchayim , yitzeh gamor shel effashot . . prompter mm-hm . danny continue to boom out the torah portion . he move the yad along the line of letter . in the congregation , larry and judith watch . we hear danny chant fluently and larry squeeze the hand judith have lace through he arm . juith whisper : judith I be sorry that ... thing have be so hard for we ... larry it 's okay . judith sy have so much respect for you , larry . he pat she hand . a beat . . he write letter to the tenure committee . later the congregation be loudly sing v'7o hatorah . a tallise man of late middle age 128 hoist the open scroll from the lectern and raise it high , turn he back on the congregation so that all may see it . danny have be ensconce in a highbacked chair upstage on the bema . his point- of-view of the man hold the torah be close and steeply rake . the man be sweat . the heavy scroll vibrate slightly from he effort to keep they aloft . as the congregation continue to sing he mutter under he breath : man Jesus Christ .. . later danny stand behind the leave lectern face rabbi nachtner who hold a small kiddush cup out to he . although rabbi nachtner seem to be address danny , he be project loudly . nachtner . take you place as a member of we tribe . you will go and see rabbi minda after the service . you will cele - brate in a reception downstairs in schanfield Hall . and then you will be a member of b'nai abraham and of the Nation of Israel . danny gopnik , the sisterhood make a gift to you of this kiddush cup so that you will remember this bless day on the next shabbas and the next , and on every shabbas of a long and fruitful life , and , until that wonderful day when you stand under the chupa , we say .. . congregation amen . danny , still red -ey , try to focus . his point-of-view show the kiddush cup large in the foreground , extend toward he by the rabbi beam above . his own hand rise into frame to grasp the kiddush cup . the congregation start adon olam . 129 a door creaking open . the cut have snap off the robust adon olam , leave sepulchral quiet . danny , clutching he kiddush cup , hesitantly enter the dim study . minda 's elderly eastern european gatekeeper close the door behind he . minda be a old man stare at he from behind a bare desktop . his look , eye magnify by thick glass , be impossible to read . danny creep to the chair face the desk . he gingerly sit on the squeaking leather upholstery , self - conscious under minda 's stare . minda breathes regularly through he mouth . it be the only sound in the room . a long beat . the two sit face to face . minda smack he lip a couple of time , prepare to speak . another beat . finally : minda when the truth be find . to be lie . he pause . he clear he throat . at length : . and all the hope . within you die . another beat . danny wait . minda stare . he smack he lip again . . then what ? danny do not answer . it be unclear whether the question be direct at he . quiet . 130 minda clear he throat with a loud and thorough hawk . the hawk abate . minda sniff . . Grace slick . marty balin . Paul kanta. jorma ... something . this be the membas of the airplane . he nod a couple of time . . interesting . he reach up and slowly open he desk drawer . he take something out . he lay it on the bare desk and push it partway across . . here . it be danny 's radio . . be a good boy . larry office larry be at he desk sorting through mail . arlen finkle ( off danny be magnificent . larry look up : arlen be lean in he accustom spot in the office doorway . larry oh . thank you , arlen . arlen finkle mazel tov . it be wonderful . larry yes it be . thank you . arlen finkle such a time of nachas , larry . he 's you youngest . you have to savor it . 131 larry I do . I will . arlen finkle see you at the staff caf . larry yes . arlen shove off to go , but hesitates . arlen finkle I just ... I should not tell you . I be not tell you officially . the tenure candidate be not notify till Monday . larry . yes ? arlen nod . arlen finkle you will be very pleased . larry stare at he . larry thank you , arlen . over he back as he go : arlen finkle I do not say anything . mazel tov . hebrew school corridor distant thunder at the cut . we be tracking behind minda 's female caliban as she walk down the hall , stoop and shuffle . she hold a stack of papers in one hand . larry office 132 mail in front of he . he open a envelope from ronald meshbesher , esq . in it be two piece of paper . topmost be a letter head retainer agreement . underneath be a invoice . the amount : $ 3,000 . arrive rain begin to patter at the window . hebrew school CLASS the teacher , Mar King , lead the class in drill . danny have a book tilt towards he on he desktop . it hide he radio . the door open and the elderly woman shuffles to Mar King 's desk . she hand he a paper from off she stack of copy . Mar King put on read glass and inspect it . as he read thunder crash , closer . larry office he finger the invoice . Close on a print detail : payable : and , type underneath : upon receipt . wind be whipping rain hard against the window . hebrew school CLASS Mar King tap on the desktop for attention . Mar King chaverim , there 's a tornado warning from the weather service . rabbi minda have decide to move we over to the basement of the shul . hubbub in the classrooom . 133 . shechet . shechet . we be gonna form two line . this be orderly . hakol b'seder . larry office he be stare down at he desktop . Thunder . he reach up and scratch he nose as he stare at he desk . on the desk : a ledger sheet with a list of student ' name . next to each name , a grade . larry drum he finger . he pick up a pencil . he go down to park , clive . next to it be a F . he waggle the pencil , eraser - end thumping the sheet . he erase the F . he enter a C . the pencil leave frame . we hold for a beat on the new grade . the hand reenter . it put a minus sign after the C . the hand withdraw . larry close the file . just as he do so : the phone jangle , very harsh . larry look at it , freeze . he let it ring a couple time . he reach for it . he slowly pick it up . 134 larry . hello ? voice larry ? larry . yes ? voice hi , Len Shapiro . larry oh. hello Dr. Shapiro . Dr. Shapiro listen , mazel tov on danny . larry yes , thank you . Dr. Shapiro listen , could you come in to discuss this x-ray result ? larry sit freeze , phone to he ear . . hello ? larry yes ? Dr. Shapiro larry , could you come in and discuss this x-ray result ? remember the x-ray we take ? larry . we can not discuss they on the phone ? Thunder . patter rain . 135 Dr. Shapiro I think we would be more comfortable in person . can you come in ? a beat . larry when ? Dr. Shapiro now . now be good . I have clear some time now . talmud torah parking lot the student mill about . it be overcast dark , and extremely windy . someone be fumble with key at the shul . danny still have he radio with the earpiece in . everyone 's clothing flap . ronnie nudell shout above the wind : ronnie nudell that fuck flag be gonna rip right off the flagpole ! car we be look through a windshield lash by rain at larry , drive . his hand be clench tight on the wheel . wiper pump to keep up with the rain . the car behind have they light on . it have get quite dark . pass streetlight rhythmically sweep larry 's face , they light stipple and bent by the rain on the window . talmud torah parking lot danny be look across the lot in which orange school buss be park . his head bob in time to the music . his hair whip in the wind . a building roar , very deep . 136 we hear , very compress , the beginning of " somebody to Love . " danny see a shaggy - haire youth among the milling student . danny hey ! fagle ! from behind danny , over he shoulder : we see a funnel cloud in the middle distance . a grow rumble . the tornado be approach . at the first downbeat of its chorus the jefferson airplane song bump up full . we cut to black , and credit . the end