for you consideration 2009 a single man best adapted screenplay screenplay by tom ford and david scearce '' rk single man '' screenplay by Tom Ford and David scearce base on the novel by Christopher isherwood black screen : ext . underwater we black screen slowly fade to a murky blue-grey as it become apparent that we be underwater . from the top of we screen drift the nude body of a man , arm outstretch , sink slowly . he move he leg in a slight struggle as he be pull deeper and deeper into the water . his hand lash out in a final sudden movement as he body become still . we be now close in on the man 's face to reveal GEORGE , 52 , as he begin to toss and turn violently in the water search for air . a title appear over we image in simple bold type : friday , november 30 , 1962 . CUT to : ext . snow cover road . dusk George be walk in the snow . he be on a quiet stretch of road and the snow be fall gently . all be silent . ahead of George and in we line of sight be a crush car that have flip over on it 's top . there be break glass everywhere and the skid mark of the car be visible on the icy road . the taillight be still on and there be steam come from the hood . a body be hang out of a smashed window on the driver 's side of the car . CUT to : ext . underwater . George continue to toss and turn underwater even more violently as he struggle to find air . CUT to : ext . snowy road . dusk arrive at the wreck , George look at the bloody face of the dead driver - it be a handsome man in he mid thirty , jim . there be a lifeless and bloody black and white dog on the dashboard against the break windshield . 2 . George slowly lie down in the snow next to Jim . he stare at Jim 's bloody face and then lean over and kiss Jim on the mouth . George pull back . Jim 's open eye and blood cover face fill we screen as we push in tighter . his eye have a cold gelatinous feel about they . we continue to push in until he eye fill we screen . there be a faint , repetitive bang sound , like a drum beat , in the background that become increasingly louder . CUT to : int . george' house - bedroom . morning 1962 George bolt up in a panic . he can not breathe . he be sweat the drumbeat sound be loud and constant . in the distance we hear a female voice . mrs . strunk ( 0.s. ) Jennifer stop it ! stop that bang now ! the bang sound stop . we hear the white noise hum of wave crash in the distance and the faint sound of seagull . George 's face fill we screen as he recover from the dream GEORGE v.o. waking up begin with say be and now . we gradually pull back from above to reveal a full length George . he do not look he age - a slim , tan , englishman who have clearly take care of himself . he have a full head of salt and pepper hair . he be handsome . quick cut of a completely still GEORGE from all side and angle . he be nude , lie on a bed , partially cover in wrinkle 3 . white cotton sheet . there be a large black stain and a ink pen on the sheet next to he . from the ceiling we push in slowly until we be just over GEORGE . we settle in on he face . we be intimate with he and can hear he breathing softly . a twitch of he leave hand . a wear gold signet ring on the little finger . George reach over to the other side of the bed as if search for someone . there be a open fountain pen on this side of the bed with a small stack of stationery . the ink pen have leave a enormous black stain on the sheet . some of the ink come off on he finger . he gain he bearing and catch he breath . he lift he finger to he lip . the ink leave a slight mark on he mouth . he lie still for a moment . CUT to : flashback of GEORGE kissing jim in the snow CUT to : int : GEORGE 's house - bedroom . morning 1962 -- continuous GEORGE v.o . for the past eight month waking up have actually hurt . the cold realization that I be still here slowly set in . George , with bed hair , still sweat , untangle himself from the sheet and sit up . he hold onto he head as if in pain . a pile of clothes be in the chair next to the bed . book and magazine be loosely stack next to the end table . there be a empty scotch bottle on the floor . the room be dark and in disarray . on the floor on George 's side of the bed be about 10 carefully address envelope and letter laid out in a grid . 4 . George look at the alarm clock . it have stop at 4:57 . he look at he wrist watch on the bedside table . 7:22 . George sigh and bang the alarm clock a few time on the table top , wind it and reset it . the second hand be now tick loudly . GEORGE v.o. ( cont 'd ) I be never terribly fond of waking up . he rise , navigate the grid of letter , and walk to the bathroom . int . george' house - bathroom . morning -- continuous a series of shot : relieving himself at the toilet . stand in the shower let the hot water wash over he . GEORGE v.o . I be never one to jump out of bed and greet the day with a smile like Jim be . shave . GEORGE v.0 . ( cont 'd ) I use to want to punch he sometimes in the morning he be so happy . take a handful of aspirin GEORGE v.o. ( cont 'd ) I always use to tell he that only fool greet the day with a smile , that only fool could possibly escape the simple truth that now be not simply now : it 's a cold reminder . one day later than yesterday , one year later than last year and that sooner or later it will come . scrub he fingernails briskly with a brush . GEORGE v.o. ( cont 'd ) he use to laugh at I and then give I a kiss on the cheek int . GEORGE 's house - bedroom . morning -- minute later open a extremely organize drawer and take out a pair of perfectly fold black sock . GEORGE v.o . it take time in the morning for I to become George , time to adjust to what be expect of George and how he be to behave . open another equally organize drawer and pull out a immaculately press and fold white shirt . GEORGE v.o. ( cont 'd ) by the time I have dress and put the final layer of polish on the now slightly stiff but quite perfect George I know fully what part I be suppose to play . George run a brush over he shoe . he dab the back of he neck with cologne . end series of shot . stand at he dresser , George adjust he tie and look at himself intently in the mirror as we camera glide up George 's body to he face to reveal the now fully realize public face of George . GEORGE v.o. ( cont 'd ) look in the mirror stare back at I be not so much a face as the expression of a predicament . GEORGE ( whisper aloud to himself ) just get through the goddamn day . GEORGE v.o. a bit melodramatic I guess . int . george' house - hallway . morning -- continuous George walk down the hallway . as he approach the live room he glance out the window and see jim . GEORGE v.o . but then again my heart have be break . jim , 34 , handsome and well build in a classical american way be waxing a surfboard on a pair of see horse . two more surfboard lie on the bright green lawn behind he . a black and white , smooth fox terrier , like the dead dog in the car , lie in the sun on he side next to Jim . another smaller , but identical dog be bite at the collar of the first dog . Jim be discipline the smaller dog . GEORGE v.o. ( cont 'd ) I feel as if I be sink , drown , can not breathe . George stare back at Jim but he expression be suddenly change by a sharp pain that grip he chest . he hold onto the louver rail that separate the hall from the live room to avoid fall over . he stand still and take a deep breath . when the pain pass , he look back out of the window . no surfboard . no Jim . no dog . just a brown over - grow lawn . George close he eye , and take a deep breath . he make he way down the hallway and into the kitchen . int . george' house - kitchen . morning -- continuous George plug in the toaster and open the bread box . no bread . he open the refrigerator . no bread . he open the freezer to find a loaf of white bread freeze solid . he drop the bread on the counter with a thud . irritate he bang the bread several time on the kitchen counter . he abandon the loaf of bread and begin make himself a pot of coffee . 7 . int . GEORGE 's house - dine area . morning -- minute later George be seat at the table have he morning coffee as the phone ring . George look at he watch . 7:40 . he look back at the ringing phone and decide not to answer it . flashback - int . GEORGE 's house - live room . day ( 1948 ) George and Jim be stand in the completely new and absolutely empty house for the first time . it be stun . the starkness of it then be a total contrast to the house of today . this be the house before it have a life . GEORGE be not you go to say something ? jim be you kid ? it 's spectacular George be quietly stare at Jim with a faint smile on he face . Jim smile when he realize this , then slip up close to George and move toward he for a kiss . GEORGE what be you do ? George push he away . nervously look out of the large plate glass window . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Jim , stop it . I do not think you be quite ready for life in a glass house . jim drape , old man . Jim move in for a kiss only to be hold back by George . jim ( cont 'd ) you be the one who 's always say that we be invisible . GEORGE that 's not exactly what I mean . George give in and the two man begin to kiss . end flashback we pull back to reveal George alone in the house , across the dining area and live room and out the pivote glass door and across the dead lawn . George 's house be modest in size , yet have dynamic line . it be a example of very bold architecture , circa 1948 , that have become somewhat ramshackle over time . we take in the full view of George in he world as the phone continue to ring . series of shot : George 's empty bedroom as the phone continue to ring . surfboard lean against a wall in the garage . book and architectural model on the live room shelf next to a draft table . end series of shot . we cut back to George stare into space for several beat as the phone continue to ring . GEORGE v.o . for the first time in my life I can not see my future . every day go by in a haze , but today I have decide will be different . int . GEORGE 's house - bedroom . morning -- minute later as George stand in front of he book case , the phone start to ring again . George look across the room at the phone which sit on a small table next to a upholster club chair . GEORGE v.o. finally . you know it have be raining here all day and I have be trap in this house wait for you to call . CUT to : flashback - int . george' house - bedroom . evening ( 1961 ) George be sit in the upholster club chair read . he be wear glass . he do not recognize the voice on the other end of the phone . there be a harold ( 0.s. ) I be sorry . I must have the wrong number . I be call for Mr. George falconer ... short uncomfortable silence . GEORGE I be sorry , I be expect someone else . yes sir , you have indeed call the correct number . how may I help you ? harold ( 0.s. ) this be harold ackerley . I be Jim 's cousin . GEORGE oh yes , of course . good evening Mr. ackerley . harold ( 0.s. ) I be afraid I be call with some bad news . GEORGE oh ? harold ( 0.s . ) there 's be a car accident . GEORGE Accident ? harold ( 0.s. ) there have be a lot of snow here lately and the road have be icy . on he way into town , Jim lose control of he car . 10 . harold ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it be instantaneous apparently . GEORGE oh . harold ( 0.s. ) it happen late yesterday , but he parent do not want to call you GEORGE I see . harold ( 0.s. ) in fact , they do not know I be call you now , but I think that you should know . GEORGE thank you . harold ( 0.s. ) I know this must be quite a shock it be for all of we . George continue in he robotic state . GEORGE yes , indeed . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) will there be a service ? harold ( 0.s. ) the day after tomorrow . GEORGE well I suppose I should get off the phone and book a plane flight . harold ( 0.s. ) the service be just for family . GEORGE for family . of course . well thank you for call . ( beat ) oh , Mr. ackerly ? will . harold ( 0.s. ) yes . GEORGE May I ask what happen to the dog ? harold ( 0.s . ) dog ? there be a dog with he but he die . be there another one ? GEORGE yes . a small female . harold ( 0.s. ) well , I do not know to tell you the truth . I have not hear anyone mention another dog GEORGE well , thank you for call , Mr. ackerly . harold ( 0.s . ) Goodbye Mr. falconer . George replace the receiver . as he do , it miss the cradle and fall to the floor , the dial tone continue to hum . he sit look blankly ahead in total disbelief . he do not know what to do . he slide down in the chair and begin to cry silently as the reality of what have happen set in . he suddenly jump up , run out of the room , down the hall , and to the front door . flashback - ext . george' house - camphor tree lane . evening ( 1961 ) -- continuous George throw the front door open and dash out of he house , into the rain , down he driveway and up the road . flashback - ext . stair to soledad way . evening ( 1961 ) continuous 12 . George turn onto a pathway with a steep flight of wooden stair . the rain be torrential . George slip on the wet wooden step as he climb to the top of the stair case and run out onto soledad Way . flashback - ext . charley 's driveway . evening ( 1961 ) continuous George run up the driveway towards charley 's house . as he reach the front door he ring the doorbell several time and begin pound on the door . a startle blonde woman open the door . charlotte aka charley , 47 , be a british friend of George 's . George throw himself at she as she embrace he and he sob uncontrollably . end flashback int . GEORGE 's house - bedroom . morning -- 1962 . the phone ring once more and then stop . George look back to the bookcase . he grab a huxley novel and retreat to the bathroom int . george' house - bathroom . morning -- continuous sitting on the toilet , George read . there be a constant bang from outside . this be the same bang we hear earlier . George attempt to ignore the irritate sound but find it impossible to concentrate and slam he book shut . he look across the street . the window be position so that when on the toilet George can see out , but only he head can be see from outside . ext . the strunk house . morning -- continuous we see the strunk family but do not hear what they be saying . the strunk house be a pristine , absolutely new ranch house 13 . with a manicure lawn that reek of the traditional american dream circa 1962 . jennifer strunk , 8 , a blonde , very american little girl , hammer in hand , pulverize a old bathroom scale that she 's pull out of one of the shiny new trash can . she tightly clutches a white Persian kitten with a pink ribbon . Jennifer be wear a gingham dress and she chant a annoying advertising jingle over and over in monotone as she pound away at the scale with the hammer . mrs . strunk , 32 , appear in the doorway . she be the archetype of the young attractive suburban wife and mother . she be usually calm and poise but today she be clearly exasperate and yell from the front door at she daughter to put the scale back in the trash can . Jennifer ignore she mother and continue pound away with increase violence . meanwhile , Jennifer 's oldest brother tom , 9 , be comb over they lawn with a metal detector , as a young brother christopher , 5 , dig ferociously at the lawn with a small garden shovel . the metal detector suddenly shriek , have locate something . Jennifer drop she cat , run to she brother and join in the digging . the lawn be litter with newly excavate hole and the flower bed also seem to be in a freshly unearth state as if a dog have be digging in they . simply put , the normally perfect front yard be a absolute disaster area . the three child start scream loudly to they mother . Mrs. strunk rush over to the hole to see . as the metal detector shriek again , the child scream and even Mrs. strunk squeal with delight and get down on she knee to dig . close up shot from different angle of the child digging ferociously for the money . 14 . we CUT back to GEORGE , as he watch the strunk family . mr . strunk , 35 , a well dress young executive with briefcase in hand , come out of the house shouting at he family . his wife rush over to he but cannot pacify he as Mr. strunk survey the destroy lawn and flower bed . shot from a low vantage point with christopher in the foreground catch a butterfly on a flower . the strunks continue to argue as Mr. strunk brushes off he wife 's attempt at affection . back on the low shot of christopher now holding the remnant of the butterfly in he hand . Mrs. strunk lean forward and kiss she husband on the cheek as he walk towards he car . Mrs. strunk head over to the batter scale and throw it in the trash can . as she do , she look across the street at George 's window to catch he stare back at she . she begin to wave . int . GEORGE 's house - bathroom . morning -- continuous embarrass , George duck forward to hide from view . as he do , the phone start ringing again . he sit still for a moment . he sigh . finally realize that the phone will not stop ringing , he get up . his pants be still around he ankle as he shuffles out into the bedroom to answer the phone . int . george' house - bedroom . morning -- continuous GEORGE hello charley . british woman ( 0.s. ) how do you know it be I ? int . charley 's house - bedroom . morning -- continuous 15 . we cut to a shot of charley 48 in she bed smoking a cigarette . her bedside table be cluttere with pill bottle and what be leave of a cocktail . her ashtray be fill with cigarette butt and magazine be strewn around she in the bed . strawberry blonde and fair , charley be clearly once a great beauty but be now a lonely and manic alcoholic . charley be at the age where beauty hang by a thread . on a good day she can still manage a strike appearance yet good day be few and far between . today be not a good day . GEORGE ( 0.s. ) Charlotte , no one else ever call I before 8:00 in the morning charley I do not call too early , do 1 ? you sound grumpy . GEORGE ( 0.s. ) no . I just have a headache . I be go to call you actually . be it too late to change my mind about tonight ? charley of course not ! I have not see you all week . I be die for a dose of you . GEORGE ( 0.s . ) I know . I be sorry . so , great . I x11 see you tonight . I need to run though . I be late for work . i’11 call you later from school charley I will see you tonight . GEORGE ( 0.s. ) good - bye kiddo . charley bye , old man . we linger on charley as she hang up the phone . we see the joy in she face . she have a reason to live . she take a long 16 . deep drag of she cigarette , then stub it out and throw herself back against she bed pillow . int . GEORGE 's house - bedroom . morning -- minute later . George , now fully dress with he jacket and eyeglass on , go to he desk and unlock a drawer . he carefully lift out a object and place it on he desk . we see clearly that the object be a gun . he pick it up , flick open the revolver and turn it up in the air to empty the bullet . there be no bullet . George sigh , click the gun close , and place it in he briefcase . he then shove a stack of papers into the briefcase along with the huxley book and head out the door to the hall . int . GEORGE 's house - live room . morning -- continuous George be come down the hall . as he rush toward the front door , he practically knock over he clean woman alva , arrive with a bag of grocery and the newspaper under she arm . alva be a kind , Hispanic woman in she mid 40' . alva good morning Mr. George . alva place the bag of grocery on the dining table . alva ( cont 'd ) Sir , you do not look so good . do you not sleep again ? GEORGE good morning alva . no , I do not sleep well . you forget to take the bread out of the freezer alva it stay fresh that way . GEORGE it be a little too fresh this morning . there be some papers laid out on my desk that need to stay ( more ) 17 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) there so please do not move they . and my pen leak all over the bed . I be sorry about the sheet . alva it 's ok sir . GEORGE alva ? alva yes sir ? GEORGE thank you . you be wonderful Georges cross to the table and kiss alva on the cheek . she be stunne . George turn and leave the house as alva stare after he as though he be from Mars . ext . george' house . morning -- minute later George back he car down he driveway and into the street . the clock on the dash read 8:04 . we camera speed slow as we see Jennifer tap dance in the driveway . Jennifer look at George in a slightly provocative manner and tug on she dress as he drive past . Christopher aim a toy machine gun directly at George 's car and fire to squeal of laughter . George stare Christopher directly in the eye and hold up he hand in a mock gun fashion and mouth '' bang , bang '' to the boy , stop Christopher dead in he track . George wave at Mrs. strunk still on she lawn watch the child play as Tom walk towards the street with a arm full of school book . she wave back - a warm smile - as George ease he car past the strunk house . 18 . ext . san tomas college - parking lot . day -- later George pull into the faculty parking lot of the school . his radio be on as he wait for three female student to pass in front of he car . radio announcer ( 0.s. ) Premier nikita krushchev say today that the Soviet Union 's policy of peaceful coexistence avert a nuclear war over Cuba . krushchev declare that the missile in Cuba be ready for launching but not use , spare the world from a nuclear holocaust ... he pull into a parking space and turn off the car . George close he eye and breathes deeply several time . he look at himself in the rear view mirror , smooth he hair with he hand and straighten he tie . he grab he briefcase , and get out of he car . George make he way through a sea of student and faculty , like a salmon swim upstream . we cut to George continue he walk as a lawn fill with student stretch out in front of he . George notice a young couple lie together on the grass . kenny , 20 , be a 3rd year student . he have dark brown hair , pale skin and pierce blue eye . Kenny be not classically handsome , yet be attractive in a somewhat gangly way . lois , 20 , be a stun and very stylish blonde girl with a bored , beatnik feel to she manner . catch a glimpse of George , Kenny 's eye light up . we hang on this for a moment as Kenny 's hand shoot up in a enthusiastic wave . turn to see George , lois offer nothing but a nod and a exhale of cigarette smoke . George wave back tentatively . George 's eye linger on Kenny who be stare at he intently . Kenny stare after George while lois recline and continue 19 . to smoke . reaching the Arts Building , George head inside . int . san tomas college - office of the english department - day -- moment later George walk past two secretary . one be quite a beautiful blonde in she early twenty . blonde secretary good morning professor . GEORGE good morning . blonde secretary oh , professor falconer ? GEORGE yes . blonde secretary there be a student here this morning ask for you address . GEORGE my address ? what be he name ? blonde secretary he do not say sir , and I be sorry but I do not ask he . he say he 's in one of you class this term . we linger on George 's face a moment . he be intrigue by this . GEORGE do you give it to he ? blonde secretary ( nervous ) yes sir . I do . I hope that 's ok . I realize I probably should not have , but he be very nice and before I know it ... 20 . George look the girl up and down . our screen be filled with close up shot of the secretary's face and hair . George be take in she beauty . he look she dead in the eye . GEORGE you hair look great up like that . blonde secretary what ? GEORGE I say you hair look great like that . it suit you . you always look so beautiful . really fresh . you have such a lovely smile . George breathes in . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) arpege ? blonde secretary Sir ? GEORGE really beautiful . George walk away . the blonde Secretary look back at the other girl , clearly dumbfounded at George 's manner . int . san tomas college - faculty lounge . day moment later George enter the room and make a effort to avoid eye contact with anyone . a older professor don who be read the paper look up and smile at George . GEORGE good morning Don . don good morning George . 21 . the large wall clock read 9:10 . there be two vend machine against one wall of the lounge . George grab a cup of coffee from the coffee machine , and get a hershey 's bar from the candy machine . George put more change into the machine and get a second candy bar . as he do , grant , a tall young professor , slip next to George and press the button on the coffee machine . grant good morning George . GEORGE good morning grant . George grab he second candy bar and head out the door as grant follow . grant you look awful . what have you be do ? the two man exit the building and begin walk . ext . san tomas college - campus . day -- continuous the sky be a dark brown haze . George eat he candy bar , gently steering they towards the tennis court . GEORGE look around grant ... most of this student aspire to nothing more than a corporate job and a desire to raise coke-drink , tv - watch child who as soon as they can speak start chant tv jingle and smash thing with hammer . grant you be really scare I today George . 22 . GEORGE I sometimes find they stare at I in a kind of bovine stupor as if I be lecture in a foreign language . remind I why we should not all just be annihilate ? George scan the tennis court out of the corner of he eye . only one court be occupy , by two young man play singles . the sun come out with a sudden fierce heat that cut through the yellow smog-haze . the player be shirtless . close - up shot of the player . our SOUND fade to only the amplified SOUND of the game . sound of the ball hitting the racquet and of the feet of the player sliding on the red clay court and of there sigh and quick breathing as they whack the ball back and forth . George clock this intently and take in every detail . our SOUND return with a whack of the ball and a guttural outcry from one of the player . the stream of sunlight have pass and the sky be once again dull and flat . George realize that grant be talk and have be talk . George have a faint smile on he face , still gaze at the player . grant you seem to think this be all a joke . we be live in a world where nuclear war be a real threat . I do not understand how you can not be concerned . GEORGE you be serious be not you ? grant yes , I be serious . George , do you ( more ) 23 . grant ( cont 'd ) even read the article that I give you on bomb shelter ? our be almost do . we have 3 different contractor work on it so none of they know what we have get , then we be have the outside of it landscape so no one will know it 's there . GEORGE really ? CUT to : a shot of grant and he family in a simple concrete block shelter staring dead into our camera as if posing for a portrait . grant be smoking a pipe , and the family be wearing there sunday best . they be surrounded by animal : a cow , a goat , chicken etc . CUT back to : grant if word get out that you have get a better shelter , then everyone will try to get in when something happen . GEORGE and so ? grant there will be no time for sentiment when the Russians fire a missile at we . GEORGE if it 's go to be a world with no time for sentiment grant , it 's not a world that I want to live in . one of we tennis player let out a loud thwack . int . san tomas college - george' office . day 24 . George be sit on the edge of he desk . frozen . he have a look of extreme melancholy on he face . his shoulder be slump . he wait for the clock to strike 10:00 exactly and then he stand , pick up he briefcase and head out the door . int . san tomas college - GEORGE 's CLASS -- minute later George walk into class and place he briefcase on the desk . most of the student continue to talk . George sit on the edge of the desk and reach into he briefcase . he fumble around for a moment , pause , and then pull out a book . he sit quietly with a slight look of disgust on he face stare directly at the talker as , one by one , they succumb to he silence . finally George speak . GEORGE '' after many a summer die the swan . '' blank stare . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I trust you have all read the huxley novel I assign almost three week ago ? how do the title relate to we story ? he look around the room as a few hand go up . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) yes , Mr. mong . alex mong it do not . it 's about this rich guy who 's afraid he 's too old for this girl ... George , irritate by the response of Mr. mong close he eye tightly and take a deep breath as we sound fade . CUT to : 25 . flashback - ext . underwater George be toss and turn underwater struggle to breathe . he turn over and over try to find the surface of the water but he continue to sink . CUT back to : int . san tomas college - GEORGE 's CLASS -- moment later we sound return as George open he eye and snap back to the present . laughter die away . the only one not laugh be Kenny , who be watch George intently . George remain freeze for a moment as russ raise he hand . GEORGE Russ ? George signal for Russ to speak . we camera speed slow and we sound fade as George seem mesmerize by the blank eye of lois . lois be smoking and stare straight back at George in a almost aggressive manner . she begin to whisper into Kenny 's ear . Kenny continue to watch George who have a daze expression on he face . George slowly regains he composure and come to attention as myron - a dark - complexion young man with intense eye and glass - raise he hand . our SOUND return . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) yes , Mr. Hirsch . myron Sir , on page 79 , Mr. propter say that the stupidest text in the Bible be : '' they hate I without a cause . " do he mean the Nazis be right to hate the Jews ? be huxley a anti-semite ? GEORGE no. 26 . the class stare at George , expect more from such a provocative question . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) no , Mr. huxley be not a anti semite . the Nazis be obviously wrong to hate the Jews . but they hat the Jews be not without a cause ... but the cause be not real . the cause be imagine . the cause be fear . curious stare . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) let 's leave the Jews out of this for a moment and think of another minority . one that can go unnotice if it need to . George look directly at walter , a slightly effeminate young man , who turn away embarrassed . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) there be all sort of minority , blond for example , but a minority be only think of as one when it constitute some kind of threat to the majority . a real threat or a imagine one . and therein lie the fear . and , if the minority be somehow invisible ... another glance at walter . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) .+: the fear be even great Kenny try to find the target of George 's glance , but to no avail . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) and this fear be the reason the minority be persecute . so , there ( more ) 27 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) always be a cause . and the cause be fear . minorities be just people . people ... again a subtle look at walter . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) +.+ like we . walter shrink in he seat . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I can see that I have lose you a bit . you know what ? let 's forget about huxley today . George place he book on he desk . several student look up from they notebook . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) let 's just talk about fear . fear after all , be we real enemy . fear be take over we world . fear be be use as a tool of manipulation in we society . it 's how politician pedal policy and how madison Avenue sell we thing that we do not need . think about it . fear that we be go to be attack , fear that there be communist lurking around every corner , fear that some little Caribbean country that do not believe in we way of life pose a threat to we . fear that black culture may take over the world . fear of elvis presley 's hip . ( beat ) well , maybe that one be a real fear . fear that we bad breath might ruin we friendship ... fear of grow old and be alone . George notice a few eye look over he shoulder at the clock on the wall which read 12:05 . 28 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) fear that we be useless and that no one care what we have to say . some shift about uncomfortably in they seat , yet Kenny stare , amaze . George survey the anxious class , realize he have lose they attention . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) have a good weekend . George close he book , shove it in he briefcase , and walk out the door as he student gather they thing . Kenny get up to follow after George but lois corner he to talk . ext . san tomas college - art build . day -- later George be head briskly towards the administration building when he hear Kenny 's voice . kenny Sir ! May I speak to you for a minute ? I have to go down to the bookstore . George pause allow Kenny to catch up to he and then the two man begin walk . kenny ( cont ’d ) why do not you talk to we like that all the time ? GEORGE I do not think it go over very well . kenny man , fear of thing get to I all the time , but you can not talk about it with anyone or you just sound like a fool . GEORGE you can not even talk about it with lois ? kenny I do not think she 's afraid of anything . GEORGE everyone 's afraid of something Kenny . kenny what be you afraid of sir ? GEORGE Cars . kenny how can you live in Los Angeles and be afraid of car ? GEORGE maybe you can not . kenny sometimes my fear of thing can almost paralyze I . it 's like I get really panic stricken and I feel like I might explode or something ... May I ask you a personal question sir ? GEORGE of course . kenny do you ever get high ? George stop walk . GEORGE how old do I look to you ? kenny have you ever take any drug sir ? 30 . GEORGE of course , Kenny . kenny like what ? GEORGE I should not really be discuss this with you on campus Mr. Potter . George begin walk and Kenny follow . kenny it 's the only way I get by sometimes . have you ever try mescaline ? GEORGE not my drug of choice . I shave off one of my eyebrow once on mescaline . not a good look for I kenny Sir ? GEORGE I look in the mirror - big mistake if you be high on mescaline - and decide that my eyebrow be take over my face and before I know it , I have shave one off . I wear a band - aid over my eye for about 6 week while my brow grow in . very embarrassing . kenny you do not take it again after that ? George stop . GEORGE Kenny , have you be listen to I ? I shave off my eyebrow . I want a experience Mr. Potter , not a career on stage . 31 . kenny if you ever want to get high sir , I usually have some dope . GEORGE you be really mad be not you ? kenny sorry , sir . I guess you do not feel very comfortable talk like this . GEORGE what make you say that ? kenny lois think you be kind of cagey . like this morning , when you be listen to all that crap we be talk about huxley ... GEORGE well , not all of you . I do not notice you open you mouth once . kenny I be watch you . George be surprised and intrigue . kenny ( cont ’d ) you let we ramble on and on and then you straighten we out - but you never really tell we everything you know about something GEORGE well , maybe that 's true up to a point . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it 's not that I want to be cagey . I can not really discuss thing completely openly at school someone would misunderstand ... I try to do that today . it do not work . 32 . int . san tomas college - campus bookstore . day continuous Kenny seem to be think over what George have say as the two man enter the bookstore . Kenny pick up a red pencil sharpener from a display on the counter and a note book . kenny what be it you want to get sir ? GEORGE nothing . I be on my way to the Dean 's office . kenny you mean you walk all the way down here just to talk to I ? GEORGE why not ? kenny well , I think you deserve something for that . here sir , take you pick it 's on I . Kenny wave he hand across the multicolor display of pencil sharpener . GEORGE thank you . George choose a yellow one . kenny I think you would probably pick blue . Kenny pay the cashier . GEORGE why blue ? kenny be not blue suppose to be spiritual ? 33. GEORGE what make you think I be spiritual ? and you ? Red ? kenny what 's red stand for ? GEORGE lot of thing . rage. lust . kenny no kid ? Kenny look George straight in the eye . kenny ( cont ’d ) see you around , sir . Kenny smile and walk away leave George stare after he . int . san tomas college - george' office . day -- later George be clean up he office . he be arrange the inside of he drawer and throw thing into the garbage can . it be all immaculate . his desk be absolutely bare with the exception of three file folder carefully label and laid out precisely on he desk top . George sit down and sigh . he rest he head in he hand for a few moment and rub he temple . he open he briefcase , search for something . he locate a bottle of aspirin , and empty 3 tablet into he hand . he open he lower desk drawer and pull out a near empty bottle of scotch . he unscrew the cap and finish the bottle off , as he wash down the aspirin . he pick up the phone and dial a number . charley ( 0.s. ) hello ? 34 . GEORGE what be you up to kiddo ? int . charley 's house - dressing room . day -- continuous charley 's hair be tease up but have not yet have it 's final brush out and last coat of lacquer . her foundation be on but the rest of she makeup be not yet do and she face be matte beige . she have a picture rip out of vogue on she dresser top about how to achieve the '' perfect doe Eye '' . one eye be make up and the other be bare . we be stare at she in a magnify mirror . there be dress strewn around the room a serge gainsbourg record be play in the background . charley just try to finish up a book how 's you day go ? GEORGE ( 0.8 ) Fine . I be just get ready to leave school and want to know if you need anything for tonight ? charley you be sweet , but thanks , I think I be all set . she be look at herself in the magnify mirror . charley ( cont 'd ) oh , could you pick up a bottle of gin for I ? tangueray ? I love the color of the bottle . int . san tomas college - george' office . day - continuous GEORGE you love what 's in it . what time do you want I ? charley ( 0.s. ) 7:00 would be great if that 's ok with you . 35 . GEORGE perfect . I will see you tonight . int . charley 's house - bedroom . day -- continuous charley I will see you then . bye geo . GEORGE ( 0.s. ) good - bye kiddo . she hang up the phone and start back to work on she face . she do a little dance move to the record and stare into the mirror . charley beautiful ... int . san tomas college - george' office . day - continuous we cut back to GEORGE 's p.0.v . he look at the clock on the wall . 2:20 . George take one of the folder off of he desk and slip it into he briefcase as he walk to the door . he turn , and look around the room for a moment . he turn off the light and close the door as he leave . ext . san tomas college - campus . day -- moment later exiting the faculty building , George cross the campus to the parking lot . int . san tomas college - george' jaguar sedan . parking lot day George be inside he car with he briefcase open . he be look for he car key . he spot the handle of the gun and wrap he finger around it . he be deep in think . there be a loud startling knock on George 's window . it 's Kenny . he be on he motorcycle and have pull up next to George . he turn off he motor . George roll down the car window . George be in a dark mood as he quickly close the 36 . briefcase , irritate that he have be disturb . GEORGE yes , Mr. Potter ? kenny be you go somewhere sir ? GEORGE that be usually why people get into they car . kenny no , I mean be you go on vacation or something ? GEORGE what ? kenny I see you clean out you office . George 's face go pale . GEORGE what be it that you really want Kenny ? kenny I be just hope that perhaps we could get together for a drink or something sometime . GEORGE and why be that ? kenny I do not know sir . because I think you might like it . I mean , because you seem as though you could use a friend . GEORGE oh really ? 37 . kenny ( sincerely ) yes sir , you do . George look Kenny in the eye . he be touch by Kenny 's concern . GEORGE well , you might be right Kenny , but we will have to make it another time I be late . ( beat ) but thank you for the invitation . and thank you for the talk earlier . and stay away from the mescaline . George start he car and pull out of the driveway and onto a wind side street leave Kenny sit on he motorcycle in the parking lot . int . santa monica national bank . day -- later George pass a security guard who nod at he . as George walk up to a desk mark '' safe deposit '' , a pretty brunette , bank teller , greet he . she clearly find he attractive . bank teller hello Mr. falconer . GEORGE hello . how be you today ? bank teller Fine , sir . do you need to get into you box ? int . santa monica national bank - safe deposit BOX viewing room . day -- minute later bank teller here you be sir . can you sign here please ? George sign . 38 . GEORGE thank you . as the teller leave , George open the box and slowly empty the content . he pull out fold document and push they into he briefcase . he take out a slim gold wedding band , look at it for a moment and then slip it onto he little finger next to he signet ring . a black and white photograph in the box catch George 's eye . insert photo : it be a nude picture of Jim lie on a large boulder in the sun . as George stare at the photo , he close he eye . flashback - ext . joshua tree state park . day ( 1947 ) a close up shot of skin and the back of a man' neck in harsh SUN . there be a SOUND of rustling palm leave and wind . we slide along a man 's body and be suddenly pulled over and be face up in the glaring SUN . the light flare as we pull back to reveal a expanse of stunning and odd looking prehistoric desert . several lingering shot of the landscape and sound of the desert capture the remote and beautiful emptiness of it all . George , 38 , and Jim , 21 , lay on a large smooth boulder on a high cliff edge , propped up on they elbow , admire the peaceful and seemingly empty desert . there be a camera in the foreground . Jim be buttone up he pants . jim so explain you friend Charlotte to I GEORGE what would you like to know ? 39 . jim you seem very ... I do not know ... intimate I guess . like you be once together . you have not ever sleep with she have you ? GEORGE yes . a few time when we be young . I do not mean to say that it do not mean anything to I but , I be afraid it mean a good deal more to charley . it be a long time ago in London . it do not work out very well . I love charley and we be very close friend but that 's all . jim I be confuse . if you sleep with woman then why be you with I ? GEORGE because I fall in love with man because I fall in love with you anyway , do not everyone sleep with woman when they be young ? jim I have not . GEORGE you be joke . jim no. I be not . it be just never anything that interested I GEORGE well . you be awfully modern be not you ? you know , that be the first thing that I notice about you be how sure of yourself you be . how can you be so sure about everything at you age ? jim you think I be sure of myself ? 40 . GEORGE of course you be . George let he hand brush against Jim 's . Jim look at George then break into a great smile . end flashback int . santa monica national bank - safe deposit BOX viewing room . day George slip the photo into he jacket pocket . he close the empty box and pick up the beige phone on the desk . GEORGE I be finish now . thank you . int . santa monica national bank . day -- minute later bank teller yes , Mr. falconer ... be there something else we can help you with today ? George be look through he briefcase . GEORGE I can not find my check book and I need some cash . not my day I be afraid . Excuse I a minute . George sit down on a trim upholster sofa and start to look carefully through he briefcase . into we frame come two perfect , tiny blue patent leather shoe . George look up to see Jennifer strunk . her beauty be almost alarming . her blue eye match the color of she tiny shoe . she stare at George intently . our camera move slowly over the tiny girl , literally drinking in her fresh beauty . we see the tiny blonde hair on her legs and arm . we stop on her eye and our camera zoom into the deep blue of her eye . we hear her light 41 . breath . her golden lash bat in slow motion and the SOUND of the breeze create by they be amplified . George be dumbstruck . the little girl look up at he with absolute innocence . she be hold a small glass terrarium jennifer mommy say bushy eyebrow be pedestrian , but I think yours be pretty . GEORGE well I think yours be pretty too . jennifer why do you look so sad ? would you like to meet charlton heston ? GEORGE what ? Jennifer hold out she terrarium . it have paper column glue around the outside and inside be a large black scorpion and a small spider cling to a stick . jennifer Ben hur . we scorpion . every night we throw in something new to he and watch he kill it . daddy say it 's like the colosseum so my brother Tom glue on all the column . he want to be a set designer . he have not eat the spider yet cause he 's still full from the moth we give he last night . daddy say he have like to throw you in the colosseum . GEORGE no kid . why ? jennifer he say you be light in you loafer but you be not even wear loafer . I think my brother Tom be ( more ) 42 . jennifer ( cont 'd ) light in he loafer too but he wear ked . last week he make I do a conditioning treatment on my hair with egg . do it look shiny ? Mrs. strunk appear suddenly . she look lovely with she light brown hair sweep up in a french twist . mrs . strunk sweetheart , what be you do bother Mr. falconer ? GEORGE she 's not bother I at all Susan . how be you ? mrs . strunk I be glad to see you George ... George , we be have a few people over tonight for drink and would love to have you join we if you could . GEORGE thank you , it 's very kind of you but I be afraid that I have plan tonight . mrs . strunk well , another time then . come on Jennifer . let 's let Mr. falconer get back to he banking . Goodbye George . GEORGE Goodbye Susan . Goodbye Jennifer the two woman walk away and George look after they with a faint smile . Jennifer turn and stare back at George and flash she blue eye at he . he be leave smile back at she . int . sporting good store . late afternoon -- minute later 43 . there be row of gun on the wall behind the counter and innocuous music play in the background . a young boy , 14 , be behind the counter help a pretty blonde girl with a rifle . George walk up to the counter and place he gun down . young boy May I help you sir ? GEORGE I need a box of bullet for this gun . young boy yes sir . the boy pick up the gun and look at it . young boy ( cont 'd ) this be a really old gun sir . we have a two for one sale on handgun at the moment . perhaps one for the little lady ? GEORGE no thanks . just the bullet please . George hand the boy money for the bullet . ext . liquor store . parking lot . late afternoon a giant billboard for psycho feature only Janet leigh 's eye completely fill we frame as George 's car pull into we shot . George park and get out of the car and walk towards the liquor store . the sun be low in the sky , and the sky be now a dirty shade of pale orange . as George pass a late model car , a dog be bark hysterically and look out of the driver 's side window at George . it be a smooth , black and white fox terrier . George stop in he track , approach the car and stare in the window as the dog become silent and look George in the eye . 44a . just then a young woman return to the car . young woman I be sorry . I hope she do not growl at you . she go kind of crazy sometimes when I have to leave she in the car . the Young woman open she car door and push the dog aside with she bag . GEORGE she 's perfect . what 's she name ? the Young woman get inside and roll down the window . the dog climb onto she lap and put she front paw on the car door . young woman India . GEORGE I use to have smooth fox terrier . you do not see they very often our shot be close on india as GEORGE move in and take a deep breath of india 's neck and ear . he nuzzle her and breathes deeply . the SOUND of he deep inhale be amplified . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) she 's still a puppy be not she ? George pull back . the Young woman be slightly take aback by George but flatter . she nod and then smile . young woman have a nice evening . GEORGE you too . good night India George watch as the car pull away . India now on the passenger seat look back at George . George head toward the front of the store . 45 . as George walk toward the door we see carlo , 20 , a hustler in a leather jacket , tight jeans , boot and a t-shirt loitering near a pay phone smoking a cigarette . he be very handsome in a cheap way and lock eye with George as George enter the electric door . George look away uncomfortably . ext . liquor store . late afternoon -- moment later . as George exit the liquor store with two bottle in brown paper bag , carlos turn to enter and the two man walk right into each other as George 's gin crash to the ground . carlo man , I be sorry about that . GEORGE it 's ok . carlos 's pack of cigarettes be on the ground cover in gin and glass . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it be my fault . 1/11 get you another pack . carlos smile and look right into George 's eye . carlo do not worry about it . GEORGE no , no I insist . int . liquor store . late afternoon -- moment later the cashier slip George 's bottle of gin into a brown paper bag and hand he a pack of lucky strike and a book of match . George hand the cashier a 10 dollar bill and she give he change . cashier thank you sir . 46 . the cashier glare at carlos as he walk towards the door . GEORGE I be sorry about the break glass . thank you . George hand the cigarettes to carlos . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) here you go . carlo thanks man . carlos open the pack as the two of they walk through the glass door . ext . liquor store . late afternoon continuous carlo you want one ? GEORGE no thanks . George stare into carlos 's face . his beauty be stun . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) well , yes actually . why not . thank you . George take a cigarette and carlos light it as George gaze into he eye . close up shot of carlo 's eye and lash . detail of he mouth , bicep , hand . a shot of he neck . we almost feel he sigh as he exhales . the SOUND of he breathing be slightly amplified . carlo carlos . GEORGE what do you say ? 47 . carlo carlos . you ask I my name . be you ok ? GEORGE oh , yeah , yeah . I be sorry . George take a last deep inhale as he look carlos up and down and then settles on he face . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( in perfect Spanish ) wow . you be really something . you have a incredible face . enjoy that . it 's a great gift . carlo ( in Spanish ) you Spanish be perfect . GEORGE ( in Spanish ) thanks . I should have use it more . carlo ( in Spanish ) it 's not too late . George stub out he cigarette and then reach into he jacket pocket and pull out a 20 dollar bill . he hand it to carlos . George walk toward he car and start to get in , but as he do he notice carlos try to open the lock passenger door . we shot be from the front of the car , take in the sky in the background which have turn a vivid pink . GEORGE what be you do ? carlo be not we go somewhere ? 48. GEORGE no . but , thanks . look up at the sky , George stop and stare at it . carlo ( in Spanish ) you know it 's the smog that make it that color . GEORGE I have never see a sky like this before . carlo ( in Spanish ) sometimes awful thing have they own kind of beauty . George look at carlos , strike by he comment . GEORGE could I have another cigarette ? carlo sure . George walk around to the back of the car . carlos give George a cigarette and place one in he own mouth , strike a match and light George 's cigarette and then he own . George and carlos sit on the trunk of the car and stare at the sky . carlo ( cont 'd ) you sure that you do not want to go for a drive ? GEORGE I be sure . ( beat ) where be you from ? carlo Madrid . 49 . GEORGE Madrid ? how do you get here ? carlo it 's a long story . I meet a guy from LA at the hotel where I work who tell I I could live with he and that he could get I a agent . I never realize that I have a Spanish accent . GEORGE I like you accent . you speak very well . how do you learn English ? carlo my mom have a american boyfriend when I be little . GEORGE be you mother in Madrid ? carlo yeah . she cut hair . she cut my hair before I leave . do you like it ? I think it make I look like James Dean . GEORGE you look better than James Dean carlo really ? thanks . ( beat ) no one have ever pick I up and not want something . GEORGE I think you pick I up . ( beat ) today be kind of a serious day for I carlo come on . what could be so serious for a guy like you ? 50 . GEORGE oh , I be just try to get over a old love I guess . carlo my mother always say that lover be like bus . you just have to wait a little while and another one come along . George stub out he cigarette . GEORGE you have a smart mother . I have get to go . carlo ( in Spanish ) you seem like all you really need be someone to like you . I be a nice guy you know . George go around to the driver side of the car and start to get in . GEORGE thanks , but I be go away . George back up the car and wave quickly to carlos as he pull out of the parking lot . carlos stare after the car . int . george' house - bathroom . evening George , in a crisp white shirt with french cuff , be wash he hand and dress for dinner as a very loud cocktail party sound blast from the strunk house . George look out he window to survey all of this . the strunk lawn be pristine , flower bed immaculate , and the guest be arrive . all be dress in they best , chic cocktail outfit and the driveway be full of sleek , late - model car . 51 . int . GEORGE 's house - bedroom . evening -- moment later George be increasingly irritate at the sound of the party . he walk over to he hi fi and start to put on a record . as he do he glance back at the sofa ..... flashback - int . george' house - study . night ( 1961 ) Jim and George be stretch out on the small sofa read with they head at opposite end . a fire be burn in the fireplace . there be a beer on the floor at Jim 's end and a scotch on the floor at George 's end . the female dog be tuck up between they and the male be stretch out on the floor as a record end and start to scratch back and forth . GEORGE it 's you turn to change it . jim I be not change it . it 's you turn . you will not like what I put on anyway . GEORGE oh , please , please . come on . I x11 give you five dollar if you change it . please . I do not want to . I be too old to get up . jim you be only old when it 's convenient for you to be old . what be you read ? George flash the cover of kafka 's metamorphosis at he . jim ( cont 'd ) oh no . not that depress crap again . 52 . GEORGE it 's for my class . and what highbrow work of fiction might you be read ? Jim flash the cover of Breakfast at Tiffany 's . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) hmmm . jim do not be so smug . the dog on the floor sit up . jim ( cont 'd ) ( to the dog ) and just what do you want ? GEORGE he want to go out . jim of course he do . what a life he have . do not you envy he ? GEORGE why , because he get to sniff anyone 's ass he want to ? jim Nice . I envy he because he just do what he want . like yesterday I be stand in the front yard , and Susan come over to talk for a minute and that little brat of hers , Christopher come run over with that damned gun of he . well we little dog walk right up , look straight ahead , hike he leg and peed all over Christopher 's new tennis shoe . and all over Christopher actually . he and he ( more ) 53 . jim ( cont 'd ) mother both start shriek and I have to act like I be upset , when it be all I could do to keep from laugh . it be so perfectly execute after all the time that kid have torture that poor dog . I wish you have see it . they both laugh and look at the dog who know that he be be speak about . jim ( cont 'd ) you should take a lesson from he . he do not stay up all night worry . he 's figure out how to get the two of we to do exactly what he want . they be both basically very sophisticated little parasite when you think about it . GEORGE well , the dumbest creature be the happiest . just look at you mother jim you be a ass . what I mean be , he really just life in the moment . like now . what could be better than this ? tucked up here with you . if I die right now it would be ok . GEORGE well , it would not be ok with I so shut up and go change the record . jim good answer . Jim start to get up . jim ( cont 'd ) I be go to take they with I to Denver next week if it 's ok with ( more ) 54 . jim ( cont 'd ) you . my mom love they . it 's probably that recognition of a similar mind . Jim kiss George on the forehead . jim ( cont 'd ) oh , you stay there old man . you owe I five buck . end flashback int . george' house - bedroom . evening George look towards the strunk house again . he be irritate at the noise from the party and put on the record . int . george' house - bedroom . evening -- moment later Opera music be now blaring . George , be re-arranging the item on he desk . he take a dark suit out of the closet and lay it across the empty end of the desk top . he go over to he dresser , pull out a shirt , take a pair of gold cuff link out of a ebony box on the dresser top and lay this out next to the suit . he go back to he closet and grab two different tie . he stand over the suit weigh the two different tie option . he choose one , lay it on the shirt carefully and return the other one to the closet . he carefully write out something in bold type on a small piece of paper and pin it to the tie that he have laid out with the shirt . he take a note mark '' charley '' from the desk top and lay this on top of the suit . George go to he closet , take out a pair of black cap toe shoe and place they on the desk next to the suit . the shoe be perfectly polished . he stand back and survey he desk . 55 . our shot from above reveal the gun and bullet in the CENTER of the desk . we slowly pull back from the gun to reveal the entire desk top . it be a complex but precise arrangement of letter , bill , house deed , a document marked the last will and testament of GEORGE carlyle falconer , and 3 carefully labele keys . the large BOX at the end of the desk be marked '' charley '' . the other end of the desk be dominated by the outfit that GEORGE assembled earlier . it be now laid out with the shirt and tie inserted in the jacket and a note that say '' windsor knot '' at the neck . George take the gun from he desk and go over to he side of the bed . he lay down . he open he mouth and carefully insert the tip of the gun . he lie like this for a moment , sit up , look at the wall behind he and the pillow on the bed and get up and head toward the bathroom with the gun in he hand . int . GEORGE 's house - bathroom . evening -- continuous George get into the shower and pull the shower curtain close . we shot be from the outside of the shower and we can see George 's silhouette as he raise the gun to he mouth . he turn and look behind himself . he repeat the motion of place the gun in he mouth but this time fall back against the wall and slide down it . George yank the curtain open and go out of the door and down the hall . int . GEORGE 's house - bedroom . evening -- moment later George come back into the bedroom with a red flannel sleep bag . the gun be still in he hand . he unroll the sleep bag and place it on the bed . he get in and zip it up over he head . we can see by the shape of the sleep bag that he have raise the gun to he mouth . just as he do this , the phone ring . George freeze for a moment , then get out of the sleep bag and cross the room . he place the gun on he desk and answer the phone . GEORGE no , I do not forget the gin . I x11 see you in ten minute he hang up the phone and head down the hall . 56 . ext . GEORGE 's house - kitchen . evening -- minute later George be stand at the kitchen counter put the finish touch on a note . he be now dress in a blazer with gold button , grey slack and black loafer . he have clearly make a effort to look handsome . he fold the note around a stack of one hundred dollar bill and put it into a envelope . he write alva on the outside of the envelope , go to the bread box and pull out a new loaf of bread . he open the wrapper and slide the envelope in so that it be visible through the plastic . he close the wrapper and place the loaf of bread in the freezer . he grab the liquor bottle and head out the door . ext . george' house - driveway . night -- minute later George leave he house and begin to walk down he driveway . the strunk cocktail party be now in full swing and two couple be be greet at the front door by Mr. strunk . all of a sudden , Christopher strunk jump out of the bush with he toy machine gun and start shoot at George . George stare down at the little boy . CUT to : we sound fade as George slowly turn towards the boy , unzip he fly , and unleash a steady stream of piss all over the stunne kid who start scream hysterically . CUT back to : we sound snap back . George be still stare at Christopher who be shoot away . George 's stare bring the little boy to a stop . GEORGE Christopher , would you like it if I kill you ? christopher I do not know . 57 . GEORGE well , if you keep it up we be go to find out , so go home and stop shoot at people . Christopher glare at George . George offer a quick salutation and a broad smile to Mr. strunk and then turn and walk up the road . ext . stair to soledad way . night -- minute later George walk up the stair with he bottle of liquor . ext . charley 's house - driveway . night George walk towards the house . he stare at the door a moment before ringing the bell . George be stunne by the beauty of the lush pink climb rose next to charley 's door . he lean in to smell one and close he eye . charley open the door . charley geo. our camera drink charlie in : charley be dress in a graphic black and white evening dress that be clearly a few year ahead of it 's time . her strawberry blonde shoulder - length hair be tease and pile on she head in a stylish coif that clearly take a great deal of time to achieve . this be charley at she best and not the same charley we see earlier . she have make quite a effort and she look beautiful . she kiss George on the cheek as they embrace . a quick flashback of GEORGE sobbing in the rain in charley 's arm . back to the present , George pull away from charley . 58 . GEORGE you look divine . as chic as ever . George be genuinely happy to see charley . charley come on in . int . charley 's house - entry hall . night -- continuous George follow charley as they walk together through the house . charley oh God . it smell awfully of cooking in here do not it ? GEORGE it smell great . I be starve where 's louisa ? int . charley 's house - SUN room . night -- continuous charley I give she the night off . I be cooking myself . GEORGE you be ? charley yes , and I be try something new . GEORGE charley darling , you cooking be new . charley do not be smart . I be in a good mood tonight and I be go to be fun I have make two early New year resolution . one , no more talk about awful ex-husband and child who do not give a damn 59 . GEORGE and the other one ? charley one what ? GEORGE Resolution . charley oh , resolution number two ! more smoking and more drink and screw it all ! so , come mix I up a drink I will have a gin and tonic please and watch out baby ! GEORGE come up . int . charley 's house - live room . night -- continuous the interior of the live room be almost all white . this be very definitely the house of a stylish woman . there be a white shag carpet on the floor , a fire burn , a large curve sectional sofa in the center of the room and a elaborate dining table set for two in a window at the far end of the room . as they walk into the live room George turn to the well stock drink table and mix they both a drink . charley sit down on the sofa in front of the fire . charley it be sweet of you to come tonight . GEORGE sweet have nothing to do with it . I need to see you . charley oh come off it . whenever you do something sweet , you be too ashamed to admit it . 60 . George hand charley she drink and sit down next to she . GEORGE to we early New year resolution . charley and just what be you resolution by the way ? GEORGE to let go of the past . completely , entirely , and forever . they raise they glass and smile at each other . charley look George up and down . charley Light I up geo , will you ... charley look geo in the eye . George lean forward for the table lighter . charley ( cont 'd ) darling , you do not look well . do you remember when you have you little heart attack last year ? GEORGE it be not a heart attack . charley well whatever it be darling you do not look so hot . GEORGE I be great . never be better . just tired . I have not be sleep charley geo , it 's normal . you be with Jim for 16 year . I think about Richard everyday too . it 's hard be alone . at least you have a job and a life . ( beat ) let 's have a bit of dinner shall we ? because I have work so hard ... 61 . int . charley 's house - live room . night -- later they have finish they dinner , and a bottle of champagne . charley really ? charley light another cigarette . charley ( cont ’d ) what be you talk about ? GEORGE seriously , '' old '' do not exist anymore . a student yesterday call I a '' senior citizen '' . charley I would not mind if '' old '' do not exist , but I be not sure '' senior '' be what I be shoot for either charley catch a reflection of herself in the glass of the window and smooth she cheek up a bit with she well manicure hand . GEORGE it 's all become so bland ... it 's not why I come to America . it 's like a complete breakdown of culture and manners . charley well , the young one have no manners . the other day at the car wash I have a young man look I up and down and actually ask I if I be a natural blonde ! GEORGE no . what do you say ? charley I look he straight in the eye ( more ) 62 . charley ( cont 'd ) and say : '' well , let 's just say that if I stand on my head I would be a natural brunette with lovely breath . '' GEORGE you do not ! charley I do ! and the amusing thing be that it go right over he head ! they both laugh hysterically . GEORGE you have a mouth on you even back in London . do you remember that old lesbian who throw she drink at you because you ask she if she be hang like a donut !? they practically fall out of they chair laugh at this one . they laugh taper off as charley take a drag on she cigarette . there be a quiet , sweet pause between they . charley oh geo , we could always go back to London . the two of we . GEORGE no thanks . charley you know you miss it . GEORGE sometimes I miss it . maybe if Jim have live . he love England . he really want we to stay the last time we be there . charley do you really think you would have move ? 63. GEORGE oh , I do not know . it 's silly to even talk about it . it be just a fantasy . charley reach over and hold he hand . as she do , she fondle he little finger and notice the addition of the slim gold band . charley what 's this ? George pull he hand away . GEORGE my mother 's wedding ring . I find it when I be clean out a drawer . Charlotte dear , we be both in need of another drink George stand up , grab they two empty glass , and head back to the drink table as charley watch , clearly still very much in love . charley get up and put on a record and then cross the room to where George be mixing the drink and slide up behind he affectionately . George smile as charley embrace he from behind and lay she head on he shoulder . much to she surprise he turn around , take she hand , and grab she around the waist as they begin to slow dance . George bury he head in charley 's neck and squeeze she close . we hear the sound of she bracelet and George feel the brush of she earring as he literally drink she in . they be drunk and adorable together as the pace of the music slow and George start to pull away . charley in a attempt to keep thing go stop dance and run across the room to change the record . 64 . charley wait , wait , wait ! do not move . I love this . she put on a wild record as George begin to laugh against he will . GEORGE you be insane ! charley come on old man ! the music blare and the two of they go crazy . charley be quite a sexy dancer as be George . he twist lower and lower as the two of they have a watusi competition all the time laugh . as charley shake she head and go wild , she lose she balance in she mule and fall back onto George . the two of they fall to the floor laugh . they be both flat on they back as charley slide into a comfortable spot under George 's arm with she head on he shoulder . they slowly calm down and they laughter turn to sweet smile of exhaust , drunken contentment as the record die down and turn itself off . they look blissful lie on the white shag carpet as they regain they breath . GEORGE do not move . George jump up , slip off he jacket and toss a few pillow to the floor . he grab they drink , charley 's pink cigarettes and a ashtray and head back to she . he slide back down next to she , light two cigarettes at the same time , give one to she , and take the other one for himself . charley very smooth cigarette move . GEORGE I have always want to do that . charley you do not even smoke . GEORGE well , not for the last 16 year . Jim hate . what 's to stop I now . it 's not as if it 's go to kill I be it ? they both laugh and blow smoke into the air . charley this be so nice lie here with you . do not you ever miss this ? what we could have be to each other ? have a real relationship and kid ? GEORGE ( stunne ) I have Jim . charley I know , but I mean a real relationship . geo , let 's be honest , what you and Jim have be great but be not it really just a substitute for something else ? George sit up and look directly at charley . GEORGE be that really what you think after all of this year ? that Jim be just a substitute for real love ? George really lose he temper . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Jim be not a substitute for anything , and there be no substitute for Jim , anywhere ! and ( more ) 65 . 66 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) by the way , what be so real about you relationship with Richard ? he leave you after 9 year ! Jim and I be together for 16 year and if he have not die we would still be together ! what the hell be not real about that !? George , disgust , get up and stand in front of the fire . he stand dead still for a moment try to compose himself . charley be stunne and do not move . charley have be stung by George 's comment about she marriage . charley I do not mean it the way it sound . I know how much the two of you love each other charley ( cont 'd ) I just suppose that I be always a bit jealous that you and I never have that kind of love . actually I have never have that kind of love with anyone . I do not think Richard ever love I except for the way I look . and clay , I do not know . you raise a child and love it and then when they get old enough they just leave . GEORGE Charlotte , there be nothing wrong with you life . you like feel sorry for yourself . it 's one of you great pleasure . charley and it 's not one of yours ? you be as pathetic as I be . GEORGE feeling sorry for myself be definitely not one of my great pleasure . 67 . charley struggle to stand up . charley well its not one of mine either . I do not like feel sorry for myself one bit . I try to hold onto Richard for so long even when it be obvious to everyone but I that it be over . now clay be grow up . I mean , what be I do here geo ? tell I that ? GEORGE you have lot of friend . you will be fine . charley sigh . charley yes , I have friend . but none of they need I . and yes I have you and if you be not such a goddamn poof we could have all be happy ! George begin to smile . charley cross to the coffee table , light another cigarette , take a long drag and exhales slowly . she sit down on the sofa and George join she . he slip he arm around she as she attempt to wriggle away . charley ( cont 'd ) I only have you now because you lose Jim , but I 'il lose you again soon to someone else . it 's not as easy for a woman . I do everything the way that I be suppose to and all I have to keep I company be a bottle of gin . GEORGE maybe you should try donut with you gin . charley screw you ! 68. GEORGE Charlotte , you be dramatic . you really almost have I . a tiny tear be beginning to form in the corner of my eye . now stop it , you know that you be still breathtakingly beautiful when you bother to get yourself up and out of bed and you stop whimper about everything for five minute . move back to London ! Change you life ! if you be not happy be a woman then stop act like one . charley you have all the goddamn answer do not you ? if you be so smart why be not you make something new happen in you life ? ( beat ) I be serious . why do not you take that position at Stanford ? why do you keep teach at that little school when you could have any position you want ? GEORGE I think what I have do have be worthwhile . George be stung . charley I be sorry , I should not have say that . ( beat ) as much as I dread it , I think I might move back to London . GEORGE why do you dread it ? charley when I live in London last I be young . I be fresh , I be everything . come to America be ( more ) 69 . such a dream , it be the icing on the cake . go home be defeat . none of it really work out the way I would plan . GEORGE most thing do not work out the way people plan . you be live in the past . you need to start think about the future . charley live in the past be my future . you be a man . it do not have to be yours . they both sit silently for a moment . charley ( cont 'd ) and you be a bore tonight . can not we just feel sorry for ourselves a little bit longer ? mix I up another drink . please ? George check he watch . 10:45 . GEORGE I do not think so . I have to go . come on . walk I out . he get up and take he jacket from the back of the sofa . charley but this be such fun ! GEORGE I have to . charley get up and follow he as they walk toward the entry hall . charley when will I see you again ? GEORGE be not you move to London ? charley I 'il never do that ! it 's far too much effort . besides , I do not think Jim would want I to leave you here in LA all alone . GEORGE do not worry about I charley . I be ok . I have get all the answer . remember ? charley what be you do this weekend ? GEORGE I think I might just be very quiet . charley you never really do take I seriously do you George ? George open the door , turn and face she . GEORGE I try to charley . remember ? a long time ago . it do not quite work , do it ? good night charley . as they embrace , she kiss he hard . for a moment he kiss she back until she kiss turn serious and desperate . George calmly back up and look into she eye . with both hand , he firmly grip she arm and kiss she again on the mouth but this time it be a chaste good - bye kiss . charley behave . she be defeat and we feel that this scene have be play out before in they relationship . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) sleep tight . I love you . she resign herself to he leave , and stare at the back of the door as he close it behind he . ext . GEORGE 's house santa monica . night -- later . ( 1962 ) 71 . a exterior shot of the full moon through the tree . George 's house be illuminate in the background . int . george' house - study . night -- continuous George be sit at he desk write a note . George seal the note and then pick up the gun and hold it for a moment as he place the gun gently to he head . flashback - ext . starboard side bar . -- night ( 1946 ) George walk up the sidewalk towards the bar . it be a lively scene outside with the bar crowd spilling out onto the sidewalk . George approach the door and push himself inside . flashback - int . starboard side bar . night ( 1946 ) continuous the bar be pack and fill with many man in they Naval uniform . it be also fill with girl who have clearly dolled themselves up for the evening . all be laugh and talk loudly . it be a wild and raucous atmosphere and fill with so much smoke that it be hard to see . George walk in and not be able to find a spot to stand , order a beer and a pack of cigarettes at the bar and go outside to smoke and enjoy the cool breeze . flashback - ext . starboard side bar . night ( 1946 ) -- continuous George be stand outside enjoy he cigarette as a young Naval officer walk into the bar . George briefly lock eye with the young man . after a few moment , the young officer return with a beer - it 's Jim . jim it 's too hot in there . GEORGE yes it be . would you like a cigarette ? jim no thanks , I do not smoke . be this place always this crowded ? GEORGE well , it be Saturday night but no it 's usually not quite this bad . most people just stop in here to pick someone up and then head on down the beach for the rest of the evening . jim yeah . it 's pretty wild out there . I be surprised the cop do not break it up . be it always like that ? GEORGE since the war end . I think it 's pretty great actually . kind of pagan . Jim put he hand out . jim Jim . the two man shake hand . GEORGE George . please to meet you Jim . jim I be suppose to meet some friend here but they be nowhere to be find . GEORGE I just need to get out of the house . I be just go to take a walk but the lure of a cold beer get to I . George put out he cigarette . jim do you live close by ? 73. GEORGE yes . in the canyon . jim how long have you live here ? GEORGE since 38 . where be you from ? jim Colorado . but I really like it here . I think I might stay after I be discharge . it 's great . I love be so close to the ocean . I do not know , perhaps I be just a bit of a pagan . just then it begin to rain lightly . the two man look at each other and then scramble for the door to the bar as the rain start come down hard and fast . flashback - int . starboard side bar . night ( 1946 ) -- continuous it be pack inside and George and Jim be literally press up against each other . there be a electricity between the two of they . it be so loud inside the bar that they have to shout . jim another beer ? GEORGE that would be great . just then a beautiful blonde girl with Veronica Lake hair and a cherry red mouth , push between the two of they . as she do she look up at Jim . blonde girl well , hello . jim hello. 74 . blonde girl want to buy I a drink ? Jim look past the girl directly into George 's eye . jim I be afraid I be take . blonde girl too bad . too bad ... she push away from they back into the crowd as the two man smile at each other . end flashback int . GEORGE 's house - study . night -- continuous George sit still for a moment , put the gun down , jump up and run down the hall to the kitchen . int . george' house - kitchen . night -- continuous our view be from outside of the house . George cross to the liquor cabinet and grab the bottle of scotch . there be only a drop leave . George put down the bottle , take off he glass and go out the front door . ext . camphor tree lane . night -- continuous as George leave he driveway he hear someone behind he . we see clearly the outline of Kenny 's bike in the foreground but George do not see this . he stop and look around . nothing . George continue he jog down the hill . ext . starboard side bar . night -- minute later George approach the bar . he open the door and go in . the place be a fade version of its 1946 incarnation . 75 . int . starboard side bar . night -- continuous the bar now sport a jukebox in the corner and a television above it . a neon budweiser sign / clock tell we it be 11:03 . most of the patron sit at the long bar , stare lazily at the television in a cow daze . George head to the bar and call out to patrick the bartender . GEORGE Patrick , could I have a bottle of scotch and a pack of lucky strike to go please ? as he say this he notice a young man who walk into the bar . a slow steady smile cross George 's face - it 's Kenny . George look to the bartender . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Patrick . cancel that . he hold up two finger and point to he regular booth . Patrick nod . George walk over to the booth . Kenny slip onto the bench across from George . Kenny be slightly out of breath . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) well , hello Mr. Potter . kenny hello , sir . the bartender place they drink in front of they . kenny ( cont ’d ) what be we drink ? 76 . GEORGE scotch . kenny ok . they each take a sip . GEORGE I come here all the time . I live around the corner , but then you know that . kenny on camphor Tree Lane . they smile at each other . George reach into he pants pocket , pull out he pencil sharpener , and place it on the table with a smile . kenny ( cont ’d ) you be still carry that around . GEORGE one must always appreciate life 's little gift . Kenny and George smile at each other . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) so what be you do here ? kenny just out for a ride on my bike . GEORGE be that all ? kenny I do not know . GEORGE be you look for I ? kenny maybe . I do not know . I feel like my head 's stop up with stuff , with crap . GEORGE stuff like what ? kenny like , the stuff you be talk about today in class . GEORGE that be definitely not important . kenny no , it be important . you class be great . but somehow we always seem to get stick talk about the past . the past just do not matter to I GEORGE and the present ? kenny I can not wait for the present to be over . it 's a total drag . well tonight 's the exception George burst into laughter . kenny ( cont 'd ) what ? GEORGE tonight - yes ! the present - no ! let 's drink to tonight ! they clink glass . kenny tonight ! they both take a sip . 78 . GEORGE so if the past do not matter and the present be a '' total drag '' . what about the future ? kenny what future ? I mean Cuba might just blow we up . GEORGE death be the future . kenny I be sorry . I do not mean to be depress . GEORGE it 's not depress , it 's true . I mean , it 's not necessarily you immediate future , but it 's what we all share . death be the future . kenny you be right I guess . GEORGE if one be not enjoy one 's present there be not a great deal to suggest that the future should be any better . kenny yeah , I have think that before . but the thing be , you just never know . look at tonight . George look intently at Kenny . kenny ( cont ’d ) actually I feel really alone most of the time . GEORGE you do ? 79 . kenny yeah . I have always feel this way . I mean we be bear alone , we die alone . and while we be here we be absolutely , completely seal in we own body . really weird . kinda freak I out to think about it . we can only experience the outside world through we own slant perception of it . who know what you be really like . I just see what I think you be like . GEORGE I be exactly what I seem to be , if you look closely . you know the only thing that have make the whole thing worthwhile have be that few time that I be able to truly connect with another person kenny I have a hunch about you , sir . GEORGE you do ? kenny yes , sir . I have a hunch you might be a real romantic . George smile . kenny ( cont ’d ) you know , everyone keep tell you that when you be older , that you will have all this experience - like it 's some great thing GEORGE that 's a load of shit . I think I have actually just get sillier and sillier . kenny really ? 80. GEORGE absolutely . kenny so all you experience be useless ? GEORGE no , I would not say that . as we friend Mr. huxley say : '' experience be not what happen to a man ; it be what a man do with what happen to he . '' Kenny look at George and then blurt out ... kenny let 's go swim . GEORGE ok . Kenny burst into laughter . George be confuse but grin anyway . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what ? kenny it be a test . I think you be bluff about be silly , so I say to myself , I will suggest do something completely outrageous and if he resist , if he even hesitates - then I know he 's full of shit . GEORGE well , I be not . be you ? kenny Hell no ! they both jump up . George throw a few bill on the table and follow Kenny out of the bar . ext . starboard side bar . night -- continuous 81 . they break into a run as Kenny sprint across the highway without look either way . George struggle to keep up . ext . santa monica state beach . night -- continuous as George run across the highway - Kenny vault over the railing and disappear . George clamber over the guard rail and look down at Kenny , the street light shine on he grin face . kenny come on sir . I will help you down George drop to the sand . kenny ( cont 'd ) let 's go . Kenny turn and run , whooping and pull off he clothes . George follow . as he watch Kenny undress he hesitates momentarily and then begin to unbutton he shirt . ext . surf line . night -- continuous a naked Kenny run toward the surf and fearlessly dive into the wave . see Kenny , George toughen up . he slip off he pants , run after Kenny and dive in . a wave splashes over George and he stumble . he find he balance and continue out . George make he way out further , still laugh , as Kenny continue to plunge in and out of the wave . emboldene by Kenny 's enthusiasm , George wade out further , he arm outstretch . ext . santa monica state beach . night -- continuous a naked George be way out and almost out of he depth as a tower wave pull the surf away from he . George try to brace himself against the giant wave but instead he be 82 . knock flat and suddenly pull underwater . he do not resurface . Kenny dive under water to look for George . ext . ocean - night -- continuous George gasp for air as Kenny pull he to the surface and drag he toward the beach . kenny that 's enough for now sir GEORGE I be fine . kenny well I be not . I be cold . come on . ext . santa monica state beach - night -- continuous Kenny get George to they clothes and start toweling himself off . kenny can we go back to you place sir ? GEORGE of course . where else ? George begin dress . kenny where else . Kenny smile and grab the rest of he clothes , head back toward the highway still naked . GEORGE be you out of you mind ? kenny what 's the matter ? GEORGE you can not walk home like that ! George catch up with Kenny . kenny we be invisible , do not you know that ? 83 . George stop dead in he track with this line from Kenny . George be very cold , but Kenny seem in he element . he put he arm around George 's shoulder . kenny ( cont 'd ) you know sir , they ought not to let you out on you own . you be liable to get into real trouble . GEORGE oh , I excel at it . Kenny look at George who have a small cut over he leave eye . kenny you forehead be bleed . George reach up and touch he brow . he look at he hand and see the blood on he finger . int . george' house - live room . night -- later they enter the house . Kenny be full of energy and George have sober up a little from the walk back . GEORGE the bathroom be down the hall if you would like to take a shower kenny be not you take a shower too , sir ? GEORGE I be fine . I be English . we like to be cold and wet . kenny first , I think that we need to take care of that cut sir . do you have any band -aid ? 84 . int . george' house - bedroom . night -- moment later Kenny and George walk into the bedroom Kenny look at the sleep bag . kenny go camp sir ? GEORGE really , I be fine . kenny stay there . I will be right back George sit down on the sleep bag . int . george' house - bathroom . night -- continuous Kenny walk into the bathroom . he open the drawer next to the sink and pull out a cotton ball and a bottle of alcohol . he find a tin of band - aid . as he lift it up something catch he eye . it be the nude photograph of dim , take in the desert . Kenny stare at the picture a moment , look towards the bedroom , and then quickly put it back in the drawer . int . george' house - bedroom . night -- continuous Kenny return to the bedroom where George be lie flat on the bed with he foot on the ground . kenny sit up . George obey much to he surprise , as Kenny seem suddenly in control . kenny ( cont ’d ) tilt you head back Kenny gently clean George 's forehead with a cotton ball soak in alcohol . George wince slightly but he eye be lock on he new friend . Kenny put a band - aid across the 85 . cut over George 's brow and gently brushes he wet hair back with he finger . kenny ( cont ’d ) well sir , I be afraid this time you do not have the excuse of mescaline to explain you bandage . GEORGE I think that we need to get you out of that wet clothes . kenny yes sir . Kenny stand up and move to the corner next to a chair . he kick off he shoe and undress very slowly . he carefully lay he clothes on the chair . stand nude , Kenny turn towards George . he look shy and nervous . George , who still sit on the edge of the bed , do not take he eye off of Kenny . Kenny smile sweetly at George , but George do not react . suddenly embarrassed , Kenny turn and walk into the bathroom . he do not close the door after he but be out of George 's sight . the shower be turn on . George be not sure what to do . look towards the bathroom he contemplate go in but instead rush to he closet and grab he robe . int . GEORGE 's house - live room . night -- minute later George light a fire . he turn on the hi- fi and adjust the light . Kenny come into the room , wrap in a grey blanket . GEORGE you be not too cold ? kenny I be great . GEORGE would you like a drink ? 86 . kenny I would love a beer sir , if you have one . GEORGE I be afraid that 's all we have . two beer , come up . Kenny be examine a architectural model next to the draft table as George arrive and hand he he beer . kenny you live here all by yourself , sir ? GEORGE I do now . I use to share this place with a friend . he be a architect . kenny man , guy my age dream about the kind of setup you have get here . I mean , what more can you want ? you get to be leave alone and come and go as you please . GEORGE and that 's you idea of the perfect life ? kenny what 's the matter , sir ? you do not believe I ? GEORGE if you be so keen on live by yourself , where do lois fit into this plan ? kenny lois ? what 's she get to do with anything ? GEORGE I have the impression that you and she be together . 87 . kenny not really . I mean she 's kind of cool and we be good friend , but I think what you really want to ask I be if we sleep together GEORGE and do you ? kenny we do . once . GEORGE why only once ? kenny I do not say only once , I say once . come on , the last thing I want to talk about right now be lois . kenny ( cont 'd ) what time be it ? George look at he watch . the second hand be not move and the case be cloud over . GEORGE I do not know . my watch seem to have stop . George bang he watch on the table . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what do it matter anyway . kenny would you like I to go ? GEORGE no , be you kid ? get we both another beer . Kenny jump up and head to the kitchen , then look back . 88 . kenny be that a order sir ? GEORGE you be damn right it be ! George try to get up , but he struggle , quite drunk now and fall back into he chair . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) pathetic . Kenny arrive with two bottle of beer . kenny be you say something sir ? George give Kenny a concentrate stare . GEORGE why be you here ? why do you ask the secretary in the office for my address ? kenny I just want to see you someplace other than school . GEORGE why ? kenny sometimes I think I be crazy because I see thing so differently than everyone else do . I feel like I can talk to you . to be honest sir I be also worried about you today . GEORGE I ? what 's to be worried about ? I be fine . George 's vision begin to blur as Kenny move toward we . we image fade to a dusky brown . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I be fine ... 89 . CUT to : ext . underwater we be underwater in George 's recur dream . from the top of we screen drift the nude body of George , arm outstretch , sink slowly . he move he leg in a slight struggle as he drop further and further underwater . George begin to toss and turn violently in the water search for air . this time he suddenly rights himself and begin push toward the surface of the water . he climb higher and higher and hit the surface with a loud gasp for air . CUT to : int . george' house - bedroom . night -- later George wake up in bed with a deep gasp for air . he look around the room for a moment . he be still dress in he robe . the light be on . he look to the chair - Kenny 's clothes be still there . int . GEORGE 's house - study . night -- continuous George walk into the study . in the faint light we see Kenny asleep on the sofa underneath the blanket . George stand over Kenny a minute look at he . the light be catch on Kenny 's thick lash . Kenny be breathe gently . he look angelic , and very , very , young . Kenny 's hand be hold onto something under the blanket . George carefully pull the blanket back to reveal Kenny loosely grip George 's gun . George reach down and gently lift the gun out of Kenny 's hand and pull the blanket up over Kenny 's chest . as George stare down at Kenny asleep , a warm smile creep across he face . George cross the room and stare at the desk top . it have be disturb . his perfect grid of papers be out of order . he open the desk drawer and put the gun carefully inside . 90 . he lift the key out of the drawer , lock the desk and slip the key into the pocket of he robe . int . georgeas bedroom night 1962--continuous . George walk towards the glass door that open to he back yard . it be a beautiful night . we can hear the sound of the surf in the distance and the sound of the cricket and frog . a enormous owl almost 2 foot tall be sit perfectly still in a branch of the large pine tree directly outside of the glass door at eye level with George but George do not see this . as he open the door the owl suddenly spread it 's wing and take flight . as this happen we sound stop abruptly and we be leave in total silence . George freeze , gaze at the full amber color moon , and drink in the feel of the fresh air . it be clear from he face that he be a different man . he be free . the cloud have lift . George bat he eye and as he do we sound snap back . GEORGE v.o . a few time in my life I have have moment of absolute clarity . George walk back into the study and stand over Kenny and smile . GEORGE v.0 . ( cont 'd ) when for a few brief second the silence drown out the noise and I can feel rather than think ... George go to the desk , gather the note to charley and one of the other letter . GEORGE v.o. ( cont 'd ) and thing seem so sharp and the world seem so fresh . 91 . he turn out the lamp and quietly close the double door to the study leave Kenny asleep on the sofa . int . george' house - live room . night -- continuous George slip down the hall to the live room which be still illuminate by the ember of the die fire . he throw the letter into the fireplace and watch they flare up . he put he hand in the pocket of he robe and let out a deep sigh . GEORGE v.o . I can never make this moment last . I cling to they , but like everything they fade . the golden light from the fire rake across George 's face as he beam . int . GEORGE 's bedroom night 1962 -- moment later . George sit on the edge of he bed . he be ecstatic . GEORGE v.o. I have live my live on this moment . CUT to : flashback of GEORGE and charley do the twist earlier in the evening . CUT back to : int . georgeas bedroom night 1962--continuous . GEORGE v.o . they pull I back to the present George be sit on he bed reveling in he new find peace . GEORGE v.o. ( cont 'd ) and I realize that everything be exactly the way it be mean to be . 92 . George , still smile , reach towards he bedside table to pour himself a glass of water from the carafe . as he do this he arm go numb - he can not use he hand . he try again and then grab onto he wrist with he other hand . we see a look of disbelief in George 's face as there be suddenly a sharp pain in he chest . his face be contort with panic . he try to cry out but can only muster a slight moan . George attempt to stand but fall to the floor . as he do he hit the night stand violently with he body . the clock hit the floor break its face . George lie silently on the floor . he begin to lose consciousness . there be no sound except for the sound of the clock which tick loudly for a few beat and then abruptly stop . quick cut of a completely still GEORGE from all side and angle . from the ceiling , we push in slowly until we be just over GEORGE 's body . we be intimate with he and hear he breathing . into we warm brown screen move slowly a ever closer soft focus shot of jim . Jim move toward we as focus sharpens and he come in for a very gentle kiss . Jim 's face fill we screen and then he pull away slowly and recede into the darkness . we settle , in a intimate way , close to George 's face . we quite literally feel he slip away from we . the sound of life grow increasingly faint . George let out a deep but relaxed sigh as he jaw slacken and he eye begin to glaze and lose focus . George be completely motionless but he now have the faintest smile on he face . the room be warm and dark and pleasant . 93. shot from above , George 's face fill we screen as we slowly pull back . GEORGE v.0 . ( cont ’d ) and just like that it come . we be now high above George and he outstretch body fill we screen as we image gradually begin to desaturate and then bleach to white as we - CUT to black .