a simple plan a screenplay : by Scott B. Smith origi / al ~ — keno fade in on : begin credit int . feed mill - day the air be thick with dust . grain be be mill , a loud , steady grinding : we see the machinery move in the shifting light . shelves line one wall , sagging with burlap sack . hank mitchell be tally the bag on a clipboard . he 's thirty year old , slim , lightnhaire , dress in khakis and a sweater . ext . feed mill - day a tall narrow building , roofed with corrugate tin . it 's separate from the feedstore by a barren , snow - cover yard . the snow be dirty , pockmark with track . we still hear the grind , but it 's more muffle now . the mill 's door open , and hank emerge , clutching he glipboard . he cough , spit into the snow , then pick he way quickly toward the feedstore , slapping at he sweater and pants as he go , leave a cloud of dust in the air behind hin . int . hank's office = day a tiny office , which hank share with he boss , tom butler . the bookshelve be crowded with file ; the desk be messy ; a fluorescent light flicker on the ceiling . butler , a heavyset man approach forty , be talk on the phone : no word , just a intermittent string of hmmm n's , uh-huh 's , and une - unh 's . hank enter , pluck the top sheet of paper from he clipboard , deposit it on butler 's desk . butler scan its column without pause in he conversation . as hank sit down at he own , slightly smaller desk , he watch beeps . he fumble with it , check the time : it 's noon . hank hurriedly shut he briefcase , turn off he desk lamp . when he step to the door and pull down he coat , butler glance at he own watch , raise he eyebrow , the phone still press to he ear . hank hesitates , halfway into he overcoat . hank the cemetery ..? ( butler 's face remain blank ) my brother and I ... butler nod , suddenly remember , and wave hank away . hank rush out the door . it slam shut , then immediately pop back open as hank stick he head in . hank ( cont would ) happy New Year ! {continued ) p continued : before butler can respond , the door shut , and hank be go . ext . SMALL town MAIN ST . - day a small , wear -look town . the street be line with two -story building , they paint peel , gutter sagging . the few people out and about be dress heavily against the cold . snow have be shovele into long pile along the sidewalk 's edge . wind - tatter Christmas decoration cling to the light pole . hank emerge from the feedstore , buttone he overcoat . he turn to the right , hurry , he head duck against the cold . moving we follow hank down the block . he pass a woman carry a bulg grocery bag , a SMALL child trail behind she , androgynous in its snow gear . the woman 's name be linda . ~ bank happy New Year , lindal ( to the child ) happy New Year , marcil the mother and daughter both respond , they face too muffle by they scarve for we to make out they word . hank walk on , pass a tavern , several store , the library : all of the building look equally rundown . only the town hall stand out in any way , a red-brick structure with a police truck park on the street before it . carl jenkins , the town policeman , a white - haire , vigorous - look old man , be scraping the truck 's windshield . he wave at hank . carl happy New Year , hank ! as hank wave back , a little girl glide toward he down the sidewalk , perch on a sled : silent , almost magical . hank step aside to let she pass . then he turn the corner , start down the next block . he stop at -- the mitchell house -- which be just a bit less dilapidate than its neighbor , a essentially rundown building with a thin facade of renovation : fresh paint , clean window , a wreath on the door . Christmas light blink on the porch railing . hank climb the step , vanish inside , the door slamming shut behind he . end credit int . mitchell entranceway —- day hank pause inside the door , unbuttone he coat . to he right be the dining room , to he leave the live room . nothing 's expensive , but all the furnishings have obviously be choose with care . a poinsettia sit on a table by the front door . hank drape he coat over the bannister , bend to remove he shoe , then stop , listen . we hear water run , and -- too faintly to make out the word -- a woman sing . hank yank off he shoe , start quickly up the stair . int . mitchell bedroom —- day a bed , night table , a pair of bureaus . photograph dot the wall ; the window look out onto the street . a door , crack open , lead to a bathroom . this be where the water 's come from : hank 's wife , sarah , be sing in the shower . we can hear she word now . she 's sing , " in the bleak midwinter " . hank enter , move to the bathroom door . very slowly , he push it open , step into -- the mitchell bathroom a sink , toilet and tub . everything shine whitely , except for the shower curtain , which be bright red . behind it , Sarah continue to sing , she voice hauntingly pretty . hank stand in the center of the room , perfectly silent , listen . after a few beat , the sing stop and the water be turn off . then the shower curtain be slowly pull open , revealing -- sarah -- who , like she voice , be hauntingly pretty . she flinch at the sight of hank , startle , hide behind the shower curtain . it cling to she body , betray the huge dome of she belly : she 's extremely pregnant . after a moment , she smile , and hank grab a towel , step forward with it , hold it out to she . neither of they say a word . int . mitchell bedroom = day hank be knotting he tie in front of the mirror ; he 's change into a dark suit . Sarah stand behind he , adjust he collar , humming the Christmas carol . she 's wear a bathrobe ; she hair be still wet . she brushes at hank 's jacket . from downstairs , we hear a sudden pound . Sarah step to the window , peer out . ( continued ) 9 continued : 9 sarah oh - oh . look like it 's go to be a long afternoon for you . ( grin from the window ) be bring Lou along . hank turn from the mirror in dismay , he shoulder sagging . 18 int . mitchell front entranceway - day 18 the pounding resume , as hank come down the stair . he grab he coat off the bannister , pull open the door . his brother , jacob , wait on the porch . he 's heavy , slovenly , dress ina dirty red parka . he eye hank , take in he suit and tie . jacob you ready ? hank stare past he , buttone he overcoat . 19h hank be Pov — the STREET 108 Jacob 's rusted red pickup idle at the curb . his dog , a shepherd mix , be in the back . lou sit in the passenger seat : fortyish , bald , stoop -shoulder . he throw hank a wave . 1@cont back to scene 1@cont hank wave back with a obvious lack of enthusiasm . hank ( to Jacob ) what 's he do here ? Jacob shrug , not look at he brother . jacob need a lift home . hank kind of out of the way , be not it ? , jacob ( another shrug ) I think we could take he after . hank look as if he 's about to protest more strongly , but then he check himself . he sigh , reach back inside for the poinsettia , then shut the door and lead Jacob down the step . " 1 ext . country cemetery - day W a small graveyard behind a ramshackle church , surround by open field . snow cover everything . Jacob 's truck idle in the church 's lot . his dog sit in back , press against the rear windshield , which have be replace with a sheet of plastic . hank and Jacob trudge toward the center of the cemetery . hank be carry the poinsettia . they stop before a gravestone . Jacob stoops to wipe it clear of snow , revealing a inscription : Jacob hansel Mitchell josephine mcdonnell Mitchell June 2 , 1930 May 5 , 1933 December 31 , 1990 December 31 , 1990 beneath this be two blank spot , for hank and Jacob . the man stand for a beat , head bow . the dog watch from the rear of the truck , ear erect . after a moment , hank kneel to place the poinsettia before the grave . he scoops out a little crevice for it in the snow , inadvertently excavate the freeze remain of a pot chrysanthemum . hank stare at it in surprise , then up at Jacob . hank somebody else be here . jacob I bring it . Bank seem to have trouble accept this idea . hank when ? jacob ( laugh ) you think this be the only day we can come ? before hank can respond , we hear a screeching sound from the parking lot . both man turn to look . hank's Pov - church parking lot Lou have climb out of the truck . he unzip he pants , start to pee . as he urinate , he shuffles slowly to the right . Lou bey , Jake ! I be write my name ! ( continued ) 11 *11ha *11b *11c 110 continued : 11 back to scene Jacob laugh . he start toward the lot , unzipping he own fly . hank remain crouch there , watch as the two man , giggle like boy , pee they name in the snow . the dog jump from the truck to sniff at they urine . : ext . pederson barnyard - day * 11a the explosive sound of flapping wing . we see a chicken coop , surround by a wooden fence . the chicken be scramble , a fox in they midst . the fox lunge , catch one of the bird , snap its neck with one quick shake of the head , then dart away , scamper over the wooden fence . the window of the pederson house be blank : no one 's home . we rise into the air , watch the fox set off into the field , its paw throw up a wake of snow . on the horizon , we see a dark mass of tree . the fox be head straight for they . ext . country cemetery - day * 11b Jacob 's truck be pull away from the parking lot , the dog in back . we see the two men' name yellowing the snow . Lou 's be write in large , bold letter . Jacob 's start out equally big , but then gradually shrink as he bladder empty : jacob . ext . jacob 's truck ~ day - moving / bridge & creek * 1ic the truck cross a low bridge over a half - freeze creek . plow snow be pile thickly over the bridge 's railing . in the truck 's rear , the dog sit press against the back of the cab . lou ( os ) so the cop start to search the car , right ? int . jacob be truck - day - moving / beside frozen lake * 110 Jacob drive with he gut press against the wheel . like Lou , he have a beer can nestle between he thigh . Lou be on the outside , with hank in the middle . Lou and Jacob talk back and forth above hank 's head , as if he be not even there . Lou and when he look under the seat , he shout : '' what the hell be this suppose to be ? '' and you know what the guy say ? jacob ( snicker ) it 's a crockpot . Lou shake he head , laughing . ( continued ) * 11d continued : * 11d * 12 '' 13 14 16 Lou no , no -- come on , pay attention . that be the preacher , this be the cowboy . Jacob think for a moment , then grin slyly . jaco ! he say , '' moooo . '' they both laugh . hank glance from one to the other , mystify . Lou no . he say , '' why , officer . it 's just a piiiiiineapple . '' they laugh even harder ; Lou prod hank with he elbow . lou ( cont would ) get it ? hank shake he head . Lou turn to Jacob . lou ( cont have ) Mr. accountant do not get it . Jacob start to respond , but then a startle , panicky expression sweep across he face . he slam the brake . omit " 42 omit '' 13 omit 14 hank be Pov - out the windshield 15 the fox be sprinting across the road , directly in front of we , a chicken hang from its jaw . ext . edge of park - day the truck go into a skid , its right front tire drop into the ditch beside the road , the right headlight shatter . inside the truck everyone 's throw forward . the dog come fly in through the plastic rear window , leg flail , then scramble quickly out . outside the truck 16 the dog leap down , barking , and chase the fox into the wood . 7 inside the truck Jacob slap the steering wheel with he hand . jacob fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck . ja . ( continued ) 17 17 continued : 17 Lou giggle , and push open he door . edge of the park the three man climb out to inspect the damage . we see they breath in the air . Jacob flip up he parka 's hood ; Lou pulis on a hat . hank shiver in he overcoat . the dog 's barking grow fainter and fainter . Jacob whistle . jacob mary beth ! Lou peer across the road . hank follow he gaze . across the road - hank's Pov the fox ''s track trail off across the field , a dot line point toward the pederson farm . back to scene Lou look like dwight pederson 's miss a chicken . Jacob whistle again . the barking sound very far away now , but it seem to have stop move . the three man listen . jacob she treed it . lou that 's how it sound . Jacob walk to the truck and reach inside , rummage behind the front seat . he emerge with a hunt rifle in he hand . hank what be you do ? Jacob do not answer . he load a bullet into the gun , slam the truck 's door , shoulder the rifle . . hank ( cont have ) it 's a nature preserve , Jacob . jacob so ? " hank it 's post land . you can not hunt here . Lou grin , watch the brother . Jacob point at he truck . {continued ) 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 jacob he bust my headlight . lou we be not really hunt here , hank . it 's more like we be collect a debt . Jacob and Lou set off into the wood , laughing . it 's clear that they be a bit load . hank hesitates , then hurry after they . ext . wood - day 1b a small stream . we see the dog and fox 's track run up the far bank . Lou have already cross ; Jacob be slosh through . Bank , in dress shoe , search for a dry passage . Lou and Jacob laugh as they watch he teeter he way across on some stone . ext . wood - further in - day 19 Lou and hank stop to rest on the edge of a small valley . Jacob have fall behind . he struggle toward they , he jacket open , he face shiny with sweat . Lou point into the valley . Lou : Jesus . look at all that bird . hank's Pov - down the slope the tree be different here : smaller , plant in row , the remain of a apple orchard . they branch be full of crow . the fox 's track go straight through the orchard , disappear over the far slope . in the distance , the dog continue to bark . jacob ( os ) wish we would bring something to drink . back to scene Jacob have reach they , gasping , soak with sweat . Lou wave he hand in the air , snap he finger over he jacket pocket , pull out a can of beer . he open it , hand it to Jacob . Lou always be prepare . Jacob take two large gulp , return the can to Lou . Lou sip at it , then hold it out to hank , but hank shake he head . lou ( cont have ) . what ? can not drink till after five ? hank sigh , peer off into the orchard , pointedly ignore Lou . ( continued ) 19 28 10 . continued : be lou ( cont would ) ( try to get a rise ) or maybe you do not wanna share ? ' fraid you will catch something from we . he wink at Jacob , who smirk . when hank still refuse to react , Lou hand the beer can to Jacob , scoops up a snowball . he feint a throw at hank , and hank duck . Lou and Jacob laugh . Lou see , now that 's what you might call in - sin - uea-t a throw . remember ? you say that last time I see you . could have just say " hint , " but nooo , you have to put on air , show we all the fancy word you know . Lou toss the snowball into the orchard . bank 's Pov - the orchard the snowball arc into the orchard , smack into a mound of snow upon which a dozen crow be perch . cawing , the crow rise up , and a sheet of snow slide off the mound , partially revealing a single engine plane . both its wing be miss . it 's balanced , nose - down , over the trunk of a fall tree , back to scene the three man stare into the orchard , stunne . hank Jesus Christ . int . plane - day 26 near darkness -- we should not be sure where we be . a thin stream of light enter from a crescent - shape tear in the fuselage . we hear muffle voice , then the cabin begin to shake . there 's a creaking sound , metal push against metal , and a perpendicular crack appear in the darkness , a doorway open . we see hank 's face shove through the crack , blink . int . plane ~ hank's Pov from the doorway - day the plane 's rear be lose in shadow , but it look empty . toward the front be a large duffel bag . Beyond it be two seat . in the gray light filter in through the ice- cover windshield , it 's impossible to tell if they be occupy . Rev. 2/12/98 goldenrod il . 2i ext . orchard - day 21 hank pull he head from the doorway . Jacob have he rifle cradle in he arm ; Lou be drink from he can of beer . hank I can not see . ( to Jacob ) can you scrape some of that snow off the windshield ? Jacob shuffles off , while hank tug again at the door . he pull so hard that he rock the plane , dislodge the remainder of its shell of snow , but the door refuse to budge any further , hank turn sideways , push he head and shoulder through the doorway , then get stick . he try to pull back , but he coat be snag . we hear a tear sound . ' hank ( cont would ) shit . 22 int . plane - day . 22 hank be try to worm he way in , when we hear Jacob start to scrape at the windshield . sank squint toward the cockpit . 2 aae hank 's Pov — plane' cockpit 224 % Jacob continue to scrape at the windshield , but to no effect . through the gray opacity of the ice , we see the shadow of he arm move back and forth . it disappear , then come thumping down against the glass . the ice shatter , fall away . Light flood in , revealing a man 's body , slump in the lefthand seat . the pilot 's head , rest against the dashboard , seem to be shaking back and forth . 22b * back to scene : 22b * hank stare in shock . : hank hey , buddy . you all right ? ( slapping the fuselage ) hey ! hank 's Pov - plane cockpit the pilot 's head have stop move . ( continued ) Rev. 2/12/98 goldenrod 12 . 22b * continued : 22b + back to scene hank twist he head , yell over he shoulder . bank there 's somebody in here ! he try to squeeze forward again . 23 ext . orchard 23 Jacob shuffles back toward Lou from the front of the plane . jacob what would he say ? Lou shrug : he neither know nor care . he finish he beer , toss the can off into the tree , then step behind hank . watch this . he begin to tickle hank . hank kick out , but miss and lose he foot . ' the doorway 's grip hold he up . Lou laugh . 24 int . plane 24 hank strain to get free . Lou and Jacob 's laughter filter in . jacob ( 05 ) let I try . hank freeze as we hear a loud flap sound from the cockpit . 244 * hank's Pov -. tre cockpit 24a % the pilot 's head be toss aside as two crow burst from he lap , thudding into the windshield . they beat against the glass , then bounce off , one landing on the rear of the pilot 's seat , the other on the seat beside it . they head dart back and forth , eyeing hank . 24b * bird be Pov = hank trapped in the doorway 24b * hank , very carefully , be try to slip back out the door . 24c * ext orr no Jacob begin to tickle hank . we hear hank screan . ( continued ) Rev. 2/12/98 goldenrod 13 . 24 continued : 24 tt * 24d * hank's Pov = the cockpit 24d the bird take to the air , bang against the windshield again . one of they bounce off and fly straight at we . int . plane end hank duck , and the bird hit he in the forehead . be yelp , pitch forward , and finally break free , landing inside the plane . the bird fly up to the hole in the fuselage and worm its way out , follow almost immediately by its partner . 25 ext . orchard 25 the bird emerge from the hole . Lou flinch at the sight of they , stumbling backward , fall onto he rear end in the snow . 26 int . plane 26 Jacob fill the doorway , block the light . jacob you see that bird ? hank do not answer . his forehead be bleed . he stand up , move hurriedly toward the cockpit . jacob ( cont would ) hank ? hank's Pov - the pilot the pilot be a thin young man , dress in a flannel shirt and jeans . we see hank 's hand tap he on the shoulder . hank ( 0s ) hey . you okay ? a pause , then hank pull the pilot from the dashboard . | the 26a * 26a % man 's head falis - his eye have bean eat out the bird : they dark socket stare up at we . a bloody icicle . hang from he nose . — — — f*= " n 26b * back to scene 26b * hank stumble backward , trip over the duffel bag , fall . his °- impact upset the plane 's balance across the fall tree : its nose lift into the air , and hank slide toward the plane 's tail . the pilot 's body swivel in its chair , as if to pursue he ; the duffel bag slip along the floor till it 's block the doorway ; and a soda can roll ont from under the pilot 's seat , rattle down the length of the plane , thump into hank 's leg . ( continued ) Rev. 2/12/98 goldenrod 14 . 26b * continued : 263 % Lou ( 0s ) what the fuck 's he do in there ? hank pick up the can , throw it away in disgust . it hit the floor , rattle right back into he . he peer down at it for a beat , then touch he forehead , examine the blood on he finger , finally , he rise , struggle toward the door , shove the duffel bag out before he . 27 ext . orchard - moment later 27 hank crouch beside the plane , hold snow to he wound . Lou remove he glove , start to work at the duffel bag 's knot , jacob I say we just stop by the police station . if we call it in on the cb , we will never out of here . we will have to wait forever — — Lou have manage to open the bag ; we see he look inside with a expression of stunne amazement . he reach in , touch whatever 's there . neither hank nor Jacob notice he reaction . hank we will still have to come back , Jacob . we will have to lead they to the -- lou Jacob ! ( Jacob turn ) look ... he tilt the bag . it 's fill with hundred dollar bill , packet hold together with pai band . the three man stand in shocked silence , not even n cing when the dog reappear , wading down through the snow on the opposite slope . finally , Lou start to giggle . he bend he head into the bag , kiss the money , then look up at the other two , ecstatic . lou ( cont have ) can you believe this ? hank step forward to look more closely . Jacob glance from he to Lou , bewilder . jacob it 's real ? lou of course it 's real . do not be stupid . he pluck out a packet , toss it to Jacob . Jacob catch it , stare in wonder . Lou jump up , pump with excitement . ( continued } 16 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 hank shake he head ; he find the prospect preposterous . lou ( cont have ) ( with sudden venom ) stay the hell out of it , then . we do not need you . it just mean more money for we . hank I do not want to stump you with another " fancy " word , but do the term accomplice mean anything to you ? Jacob try to intercede before Lou can reply . hank be jacob why would we get catch ? hank it 's a lot of money , Jacob . someone have to be look for it . and when they find the plane , and it 's not inside - ~ lou that 's bullshit . that guy 's gotta be a drug dealer or something . as far as the police be concerned this do not even exist . nobody know about it but we . jacob ( nodd enthusiastically ) like lose treasure ! obviously unconvince . Lou turn to Jacob , disgust . Lou you fuck brother -- it 's the american dream , and he just want to walk away from it . hank you work for the american dream , Lou . you do not steal it . . Lou then this be even better ! jacob ( jump in , insistent ) it 's drug money , hank . it 's not steal . Lou how about this ? ( lift out a packet ) ( more ) ( continued ) 27 17 . continued : ( 3 ) 27 lou ( cont would ) I will bet you ten thousand dollar that when they find the plane , there 's no mention of the money . he hold the packet toward hank . hank peer down at it . when he do not take it , Lou toss it at he . it smack hank in the chest ; he catch it as it bounce off . lou ( cont no ) why give it up before we even know if someone 's look for it ? on hank , as he stare down at the money , hefting it in he paln . the other man watch he , wait . hank open he mouth to speak , but then stop , hesitate , try to make he way through this new territory , struggle to discern a path . finally , slowly , as if he be merely think out loud : hank what if I be the one to keep it ? jacob all of it ? hank sust till spring . till someone find the plane . Lou and then ? hank if you be right , and nobody mention the money , we can split it up and move away . lou why should you get to hold it ? hank that 's the only way I will do it . otherwise , we can turn it in right now . Jacob give he brother a quizzical look . jacob you do not trust we ? hank hesitates , weigh the merit of a truthful answer . then : hank I guess I do not . Jacob nod . he do not seem surprised . hank turn to Lou . {continued ) 27 28 i8 . continued : ( 4 ) 27 hank ( cont no ) no promise . if it look like anyone 's search for the money , I will burn it , and that will be that . Jacob and Lou stare at each other , silently debate . finally , Jacob shrug , toss he packet back into the bag . Lou ( threaten ) we count it first . hank and Lou lock eye for a moment . then hank nod . hank that 's probably a good idea . ext . edge of road ~ dusk 28 Jacob 's truck be reposition at side of the road . the three man stand behind it . we see the packet line up on the tailgate , forty - four stack of ten . the three man stare down at they , mesmerize . very faintly , we hear a car approach . Lou : ( breathless ) four million , four hundred thousand dollar . jacob how much be that apiece ? hank almost a million and a -- the car be much louder now . all three man look up at once . jacob shit . hank's Pov - down the road we see a pickup approach . it have a bubble light on its roof . back to scene hank throw the duffel bag over the money . it barely cover half of it . he wave Jacob and Lou toward the cab . hank get in the truck , okay ? I will handle this . ( continued ) 28 29 19 . continued : 28 Jacob and Lou hesitate , then move quickly toward the front . CUT to : the police truck — night 29 stop behind Jacob 's truck . Carl Jenkins roll down the window , smile broadly as hank step out to greet he . hey , Carl . carl engine trouble , hank ? hank Dog trouble . Jacob 's mutt run into the wood after a fox . carl Tree it ? hank think so , but just as we start to go after she she come run back . Carl lean forward a little , squinting up at hank 's face . carl what happen to you head ? hank touch he wound , then wave toward the wood . hank walk into a branch . Carl look toward Jacob 's truck . hank follow he glance . bank' Pov ~- jacob 's truck through the tear rear windshield , we see Lou and Jacob talk animatedly , they face close together . Jacob 's dog suddenly push she way between they , scramble out the window into the truck 's rear . she start sniff at the money . back to scene carl brother still out of work ? ( hank nod ) Lou ? {continued ) 29 30 20 . continued : 29 hank him too . carl that 's a shame , be not it ? will grow man , both eager for work . this country ... Carl lean forward , turn up he truck 's heater . hank well , we should probably - ~ the door to Jacob 's truck creak open , and Carl look up . hank be Pov ~ across the road for a instant we see the plane 's pilot approach , he eyeless face , he bloat hand hold out before he , but then we hear : carl ( 0s ) hello , Jacob . and the figure become Jacob approach we , the door of he truck stand open behind hin . '' back to scene carl ( cont would ) I be beginning to think maybe you be try to avoid mar . - jacob I be just cold . want to get in the truck and warm up a bit . ( glance at hank , grin ) you tell he about the plane ? hank stare at he brother , speechless with surprise and horror . int . jacob be truck - night - moving 3a hank sit between Jacob and Lou , he leg hugging the duffel bag . he keep glance out the tear rear window , make sure they be not be pursue . hank ( scared and angry ) I have see you do a lot of stupid thing , Jacob , but that pretty much take the cake . before Jacob can respond , Lou jump to he defense . {continued ) 2l. 30 continued : 30 Lou it be my idea . hank well , that 's brilliant , Lou . . if they fina the plane now , and they realize the money 's go , he 's gonna know right off who take it . Jacob shake he head , grin . jacob that 's the beauty of it . there 's no way we would have mention it if we be the one who take the money . Lou it 's not like we tell he you actually see . a plane go down . just that you think you hear one with engine trouble . 1 do not really think -- ( furious ) you want I to burn the money ? the other two man be mute , intimidate by he tage . . hank ( cont would ) I be not go to jail for this , Lou . if it look like there 's even the slight chance of we get catch , I swear to God , it 's all gonna vanish . you understand ? again , silence . the tear plastic make a flap sound behind they head . finally , Lou throw Jacob a little smirk . Lou ( whisper ) it 's a piiiiiiineapple , he and Jacob begin to giggle . hank glance from one to the other , still angry , and -- with no small effort -- they manage to stop laugh . out the window we see a rundown farmhouse . Jacob slow the truck , pull into the driveway . 31 21a . hank's Pov - louss house - night as the truck rolis toa stop , nancy , fortyish woman , lean she head out t! Lou 's wife , a large , he door , peer toward we . ( continued ) 31 31 22 . continued : 2 31 nancy Lou ? ( she step outside ) where the heli nve you be ? back to scene Lou sigh , start to climb out . hank grab he sleeve . hank nobody know about this . that include Nancy . Lou glare at hank 's hand till hank let go . nancy ( 0s ) you be two hour late ! Lou ignore this , brush at he sleeve . Lou she 's gotta know sometime . she 's gonna wonder where all my money 's come from . hank you can tell she when we decide that it 's safe to keep it . lou then the same go for Sarah . before hank can respond , a snowball smack Lou in the neck . Nancy give a gleeful shout . hank's Pov - lou' house Nancy have step down onto the snow - cover walk . nancy you promise to shovel the walk before you leave , you lazy son-of - a-bitch . a snowball thump into the truck . the dog begin to bark . back to scene Lou start toward the house , make calming gesture with he hand . Nancy throw another snowball at h narrowly miss . Lou come on , honey . we just get a little tie up . {continued ) — — — ocuculhhu wt US 31 32 33 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 31 Nancy retreat to the porch . ' there 's a shovel there , jamme into a pile of snow . she yank it out , throw it at Lou 's foot . nancy you be not come in till the walk 's clear . hank and jacob as Jacob back down the drive , hank turn to watch the house , hank be Pov - out the truck Lou stand there with the shovel , talk fast and low , gesture animatedly . Nancy have come down a step to listen . on hank as he watch Lou , suspect that they secret 's already out . int . mitchell front entranceway - night 32 Light stream in from the kitchen , but otherwise the hall be dark . we hear pot clinking , Sarah sing . the front door crear open , and hank step inside , drag the duffel bag behind he . he shut the door , then hesitates , stare at the bag . Sarah continue to sing , unaware of he return . finally , hank come to a decision . he leave the bag , start down the hall , still in he overcoat . he stop after a few step , though , come back , twist shut the door 's lock . then he move quickly toward the kitchen . int . mitchell kitchen - night 33 Sarah stand by the stove , stir a pot , singing softly . she 's dress in a bathrobe . she glance up , smile , when Bank appear in the doorway . sarah hey ! I do not hear you -~ nsetting down she spoon , concerned ) what happen to you head ? she pick up a dish towel , run it under the faucet , step toward he . hank stare at she , struggle to think thing through . she take he by the hand , lead he to a chair . sarah ( cont would ) it 's all bloody . she start to clean he wound . hank watch she for a beat , silent . ' then : ( continued ) 24 , 33 continued : 33 hank Sarah . ( she stop , look at he ) what if you be out walk in the wood , and you find a bag full of money -- maybe , I do not know ... ( he pretend to think ) four million dollar . would you keep it ? Sarah give he a funny look , half -smile , half - wary . sarae of course not . the pot begin to boil over on the stove . Sarah jump to turn it down . hank stare after she , astonished . hank how come ? Sarah resume she stir . sarah well , for starter , it would be steal . hank shake he head , stand up , grow animated : this be a teservation he 's sure he can appease . hank we be talk about lose money here . nobody 's look for it . sarah four million dollar and no one 's look for it ? ( hank nod emphatically ) then whose money be it ? hank what do you mean ? it 's yours . Sarah open the oven , bend to check on the bread . . sarah but whose be it before ? the question seem to stump hank . re have to think for a moment . hank a bank robber 's ? sarah then it 's the bank 's money . ( continued ) 33 33 k 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 hank throw up he hand in impatience . hank all right , it 's a drug dealer 's . Sarah stir the pot , consider this . it 's clear that she 's search for a reason not to take a drug dealer 's money . sarah this be so silly , hank . hank give she a long look of disappointment , which she do not seem to notice . then he turn and stride from the room . Sarah continue to stir , oblivious of he departure . sarah ( cont would ) {to the empty room ) I mean , it do not matter where it 's from . I would not take it . {a pause ) it 's just wrong . that 's all that -- hank return , drag the duffel bag . he pour the money into a massive pile across the table , packet slide off and . drop to the floor . then he turn to Sarah , a huge grin on he face . she 's stare open- mouth at the money . hank it 's real . Sarah look almost pain . she reach behind herself , drop the spoon onto the stove , touch she hand to she forehead . hank and sarah - later * 33A seat at the kitchen table , eat dinner -- spaghetti , garlic bread , green bean , milk . the money be pile messily on the floor beside they . they keep glance at it while they eat . hank if we keep it , we will never have to worry about money again . sarah we do not have to worry about money now , hank . you have get a good job . we do not need this . hank let this go . he stare down at the money , chew he food , think , search for another approach . hank nobody get hurt by we keep it . 26 . °33b the kitchen sink - later * 338 *33c hank be wash the dish , while Sarah dry they and put they away . the money be still lie on the floor , but it 's be organize into stack now . a tv be play on the counter . hank ( cont would ) that 's what make it a crime , be not it ? people get hurt ? he turn off the water . Sarah begin to dry the last pot . sarah ( impatient ) what make it a crime be that it 's against the law . it do not matter whether anybody get hurt or not . you get catch and you go to jail . hank but you be not listen to I . the money 's the only evidence that we have do anything wrong . we can sit on it and see what happen — a commercial be play on the tv , and both it and hank 's dialogue roll over into the next scene . int . hank 's family room —- later * 33c hank and Sarah sit on the couch in front of a larger tv . they be sip sparkling cider . the money be back in its bag , which sit across the room now , lean up against the doorway . bank ( cont would ) -- if someone come search for it , we will burn it , and that will be that . there 's no risk , we will always be in complete control . on tv , the commercial end , and a New Year 's Eve show come on - — - there be shot of Times Square , frenzied crowd , the gold ball . . sarah what about Jacob and Lou ? hank as long as we be the one hold the money , they will do whatever we tell they to . on the tv , the countdown be just start ; the ball begin its descent . hank and Sarah do not seem to notice . ( continued ) *33c continued : *33d 27 . * 33c sarah and you track in the snow ? they lead in from the road , right to the plane , then back out again . hank it 's suppose to snow tomorrow . the track 'il be go by tomorrow night . the New Year arrive ~ — firecrackers , cowbells . on the tv a swing band strike up auld lang syne . Sarah lift she glass , and hank return the gesture , but distractedly , merely out of reflex . hank we can always burn the money . right up to the very last moment . it seem silly to just give it up now , before anything 's even go wrong . beneath the bed - later * 330 a cu of the duffel bag , stuff beneath the bed . the bed be creak a bit , and we hear hank and Sarah make love . we move upward until we see . hank and sarah Sarah be crouch over hank ; he hand be on she breast . they both seem to be deeply involved in what they be do , but then , suddenly , Sarah freeze , sarah you have to go back and return some of it . a lot , like five hundred thousand . it take hank a moment to focus in on what she 's say . hank what ? sarah that way when they find the plane , they ' 11 assume no one 's be there yet . it will put we beyond suspicion . no one would walk away from that much money . hank ( still a little daze ) wa nre gonna keep the rest ? sarah you will have to go in the morning , so when it storm later , it 'il cover you track . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 . *33d continued : *33d *33e 4 '' 35 sarah ( cont would ) {a pause ) you can not tell Jacob , though . it take hank a moment to follow this . he stare up at she . hank you think he would go back and take it ? Sarah brushes the hair from he forehead , then lean forward , kiss he cheek . sarah it 's just be careful . that 's what we have to be from now on . we have to be think ahead all the time . she begin move up and down again ; hank tesponds accordingly , though he seem distract , he thought far away . int . apartment landing - day * 33e hank stand at the top of a dingy , dimly light stairway , pound on a close door . there 's no answer . hank pound again , louder this time . hank come on , Jacob . open up . he push at the front of he jacket . there 's a definite buige there , which he try to shift a bit with he hand . he 's still work at it when the door open . he quickly drop he hand . Jacob blink out at we . his face be puffy , he hair uncomb . he 's wear long john and a too-small T-shirt . behind he , we glimpse a small , sparsely furnish , extremely dirty studio , with a scraggly Christmas tree in the corner . hank glance anxiously down the stair . he put he hand in he jacket pocket , push out , try to hide the bulge , seh ( whisper ) . I move the pilot . we gotta go put he back like he be . Jacob give hank a bleak stare , then cough raggedly , drag something up . he glance around for something to deposit it into , then just lean out the door and spit into the hall . okit 934 omit 35 # 36 * 37 38 28a. omit °36 omit 37 ext . edge of wood - day 38 hank 's car , a green station wagon , pull over near where they crash the day before . hank and Jacob push open they door , Jacob 's dog bound out behind they . hank move to the car 's ( continued ) 38 29 . continued : 38 rear , tug at he coat , try to readjust it over the bulge . he stop when he see Jacob watch he , and quickly open the car 's tailgate , bend inside . hank {over he shoulder ) you go out with Lou for New Year 's ? ( Jacob grunt ) Nancy come along ? silence . hank pull he head out of the car 's rear , look at he brother . Jacob nod . bank ( cont would ) be tell she ? jacob you tell Sarah ? hank ~ of course not . Jacob give he a disbely look . hank ignore it . hank ( contd ) $ 0 ? Jacob glance away , sigh . jacob how the hell should I know , hank ? hank lean back into the car . when he emerge , he 's hold a jack . he crouch beside the car 's leave rear wheel , start to fiddle with the jack , but then stop , turn to Jacob . hank I want you to take responsibility for he . if he fuck up , it will be you fault . I will hold you to blame . Jacob hesitates , think this through . : jacob who take responsibility for I ? hank I do . ( smile up at Jacob ) I will look after you and you will look after I . we will each be we brother 's keeper , they each consider the other . finally , Jacob snort , as if it be all a bad joke . hank laugh , too , a little embarrassed . {continued ) 38 39 39a * 39b * agce 39d * 48 41 Rev. 2/12/98 goldenrod 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 he turn back to the jack , start to rotate its handle . the car begin to rise . Jacob gesture at the tire . jacob nobody 's gonna believe that . it 's obvious it 's not flat . hank reach for the tire 's valve . the air hiss out . int . plane = day 39 hank slip inside , he coat unbuttone . aa purple pouch rest against he stomach , bulg with the money . it 's the type of bag people carry baby in , and have a dinosaur on its front . eee hank's Pov - the pilot 39a * still twisted around in he seat , face we , he seatbelt hold he in , he eye gouge out , the bloody icicle hang from he nose . his arm be open , as if to embrace hank . back to scene 39b * as hank start forward , the plane tilt onto its nose again . the soda can rattle past hank to the cockpit ; the pilot swivel jis chair , he ' smac ) . icicle fall to the floor , shatter . hank drag a trash bag out '' pouch , shove i pilot 's seat , ext . edge of road —- day 40 Jacob be crouch beside the car . he 's change the tire and lower the jack , and be just tightening the bolt on the spare . we hear a engine , gradually grow louder . the dog whimper , peer toward the field . Jacob turn to look . jacob be Pov = across the road dwight pederson , a old man in a orange jacket , be approach on @ snowmobile . he 's follow the fox 's track , a rifle on he shoulder . ext . orchard ~ day 4 hank squeeze out of the plane , then start to shut the door , only to discover — hank's Pov - the airplane's door a small square of tan cloth hang from one of the door 's bolt . ( continued } 41 42 43 45 46 45a 46r 45 B 46b 31 . continued : 41 back to scene hank inspect he overcoat . we see a small tear on he side . hank Jesus . he carefully pluck free the snag square of cloth . ext . edge of road - day 42 Jacob rise to he foot , still grip the jack 's handle . the snowmobile be almost to the road . pederson wave at Jacob , and Jacob wave back , glance anxiously into the wood . ext . the orchard - day 43 hank be search the wreck for other sign of they presence . in the bg we hear the snowmobile . hank pause , listen , then push shut the door , turn and start up the slope at a run . ext . wood ~ the stream 44 hank be run through the tree , out of breath , sweaty . he reach the little stream , splashes straight through it . - ext . wood - near the road 45 hank suddenly slow to a walk , look ahead . hank 's Pov - edge of road 46 about thirty yard ahead , we see Jacob stand behind the car , talk with pederson , who 's still perch on he snowmobile . back to scene 45h hank straighten he jacket , continue walk toward the road . hank 's Pov ~ edge of road 46a Jacob be shaking he head , talk very fast . pederson keep point at the snow . he look up suddenly , squint toward we , then raise he 's hand halfway up he body in greeting . back to scene 45b hank wave back , smile , keep walk . hank 's Pov - edge of road 468 Jacob look toward we , panicked , still talk . pederson shake he head , revs the snowmobile , start slowly forward . Jacob ( continued ) 32 . 46b continued : 46b 45c 47 lunge after he , swinging the jack 's handle , hit pederson at the base of he neck , pederson collapse . Jacob slip on the follow - through , tumble on top of he , lose he glass . back to scene 45c hank start to sprint toward the road . edge of road 47 Jacob pat around in the snow , find he glass , struggle to he foot . his nose be bleed . hank be run toward we . Jacob stand over the old man stare down at he . he drop the jack 's handle into the snow . hank stop a few yard short of the road , breathless , bewilder . hank Jesus , Jacob . what the --? Jacob 's nose be bleed heavily , and he 's start to cry . he point at pederson . jacob he be ... he be tracking the fox . he would have go right by the plane . hank so you hit he ? he take a hesitant step toward pederson . hank ( cont have ) dwight ? pederson be not move . he 's lie with he face in the snow . hank stare for a beat , wait for a response , then : hank ( cont have ) oh , Christ . he rush toward he , roll he over . pederson 's eye be shut ; a line of blood drain from he leave ear . hank fumble at the old man 's jacket , try unsuccessfully to get it open . then he drop he head to pederson 's chest , listen . jacob I could not ... I try to stop he . hank yank off he glove , hold he hand over pederson 's mouth . Jacob 's try to stop cry . jacob ( cont would ) but he would not listen -- ( continued ) 33 . 47 continued : 47 * hank ( horrify ) you kill he . jacob what ? hank ( rise ) he 's dead . Jacob move quickly toward the old man . jacob he can not be . all I do be - — - ( a beat ; with sudden panic ) check again . hank ignore he . he step out into the road , glance in both direction . Jacob crouch beside pederson , jostle he . he turn to hank , he word emerge quick and scared . jacob ( cont have ) you gotta do cpr . do not you know cpr ? hank do not respond . he 's peer off toward pederson 's farm . Jacob start to push at pederson 's chest . it 's clear he have no idea what he 's do : he slam he hand down with far too much force , totally out of control . hank turn to watch . hank Jacob . Jacob keep push , too fast , too hard . hank stride over . hank ( cont have ) goddammit ! he shove Jacob away . Jacob immediately start scramble back toward pederson , cry , but hank block he way . jacob we gotta save he . they will -- hank crouch before Jacob , grab at he , intense . hank stop it . all right ? I can not think . Jacob fall silent . he continue to cry , though , he eye on pederson . hank pace off a few step , glance up and down the road again . then he step back toward Jacob , urgent now . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 hank ( cont would ) have any car go by ? jacob Cars ? hank while I be in the wood . have any pass ? Jacob shake he head , wipe at he face . jacob why ? hank stare down at pederson , think hard . he glance up and down the road one last time , then take a deep breath , gather himself , and start to lift pederson back onto the snowmobile , hank grab he leg . we will make it look like a accident . Jacob jump to he foot , shake he head , point at the snow . jacob they ’1ll follow the track , hank . they 's 11 come here and they will see we track and they ' 1l follow they to the plane hank ( shaking he head ) it 's suppose to storm . any minute now it will start snow , and all of this will be cover up . Jacob frown , look at the sky , which be continue to clear . he start to protest , but hank do not let he . he drop pederson , take Jacob by the arm , guide he toward the car . hank ( cont would ) you be gonna drive back to the bridge . in 1l take he through the park on the snowmobile . we will push he into the creek , make it look like he drive off by accident . jacob the bridge ? hank you ' will get there before I , but I do not want you to stop . I want you to drive by , then circle back . I do not want people to see you sit there . ( continued ) 47 35 . continued : ( 3 ) 47 hank thrust the car key into Jacob 's hand , pull open the car door , shove Jacob inside . Jacob grop into the seat . for a instant it seem as if he 's about to cry again . hank lean close , force he to look he in the face . hank ( cont would ) dust trust I , okay ? I will get we through this . Jacob stare at he , silent , but the threat of tear have pass . after a beat , hank step back , slam shut the door . he wait till Jacob start the car , then move quickly back toward pederson . as Jacob turn the car around , hank struggle with the old man 's body , drag he up onto the snowmobile . hank sling pederson 's rifle over he shoulder , climb onto the rear of the snowmobile , start the engine . he have to press against pederson 's back to reach the control . Jacob drive away . close on pederson 's right hand , as the finger clench slightly . when the snowmobile start forward , pederson 's eye flash open . he look glassily out at the world , then groans , jerk he head . hank flinch , tumble off the snowmobile , which 's continue on its own for a few yard before veer to a stop at the edge of the wood . pederson roll off into the snow . hank stare in shock . finally , he manage to rise and hesitantly approach the old man . he crouch beside he . hank dwight . .? pederson rock he head , kick he leg . he moan . pederson you brother ... he ... hit I ... hank jump up , rush out into the center of the road . hank ( yell ) Jacob ! '' hank's Pov =~ down the road the car be already too far away to call back . back to scene hank watch for a moment , he arm raise , he mouth open . then he turn back to pederson , who 's stop move . hank start ( continued ) 36 . 47 continued : ( 4 ) 47 toward he . as he near the old man , he foot hit something in the snow , and he stop to look : it 's the jack 's handle . hank stoops to pick it up , glance back toward the road , where we see the jack itself still sit on the pavement . hank ( cont would ) shit . he jog over , pick up the jack , return to pederson , crouch over he . pederson biink up at he , he face smear with blood . he gesture toward he farm . pederson get ... Alice ... he groans , shut he eye . hank be clutching the jack in he arm . he stare down at pederson , then across the road toward the farm , then back at the old man , think hard . pederson open he eye , peer up at hank , as if surprised to find he still crouch there . pederson ( cont would ) hank ..? they hold eye for a moment . ' then hank lower the jack into the snow . a sudden look of fear pass over pederson 's face . he struggle up onto he elbow , turn toward he home . we see he house , tiny and dark against the horizon . pederson yell . pederson ( cont would ) Alice ! hank push he back down , ducking low . hank shhh . pederson try to rise again , scream : pederson alice ..! panick , hank grab pederson 's scarf , press it against he mouth . pederson resist , flail , but hank will not let he up . gradually , the old man 's struggle weaken . then all be still . hank lift he hand away from pederson 's mouth , stare down at the old man , clearly horrify by what he 's do , a look of deep shock and fear sweeping across he face . '' 48 '' omit : * 48 " 49 ° '' omit 49 51 s2 37 . continued : 51 smash into the ice . we hold on he , lie crush beneath the snowmobile , the creek seeping in through the crack ice . ext . bridge - day 52 Jacob drive up in hank 's car . as hank throw the jack into the car 's rear , Jacob jump out and rush toward the bridge 's railing , leave the engine on . hank stare at he , shocked . hank Jacob . Jacob ignore he . he 's stop cry , but he movement be still jittery , panicky . he peer over the railing at pederson . hank ( cont would ) ( urgent ) if someone see we -— - jacob I be not gonna do it . hank what ? Jacob 's panic rush out of he like vomit-- he chin start to shake again , he voice tremble . jacob it 's just gonna make it worse if we try to cover it up — - hank point toward the station wagon . get in the car ! Jacob start down the bridge , he eye on pederson 's body . jacob I be pull he out . we will tell they the truth . the money , everything . that I do not mean to do it -- hank rush after he . just as Jacob 's about to step into the snow at the end of the bridge , hank yank he back . hank you be gonna leave track -~ Jacob turn on he , enraged . he shove at hank . hank shove back reflexively , and Jacob rush at he , bulldoze he back toward the car . the dog scramble out , barking , snap at ( continued } 52 *52a 38 . continued : 52 they boot . Jacob throw he brother up onto the car 's hood , pin he there . he lean down , shout into hank 's face . jacob this be my decision ! mine ! he lift hank off the hood , slam he back down , bang he head . then he turn , start back toward the edge of bridge . jacob ( cont would ) I be the one who kill he . I be the one they nre gonna -- hank you do not kill he . Jacob turn to look at he . hank sit up , rub he head , wince . he remain silent , hope Jacob will let the statement go , but Jacob do not . he stand there , wait . hank ( cont have ) ( hedge ) we both do . jacob what do you mean ? hank slide down off the hood , start toward the driver 's side door . he obviously do not want to say anything more . hank can not we just get out of here , Jacob ? if somebody see we ... Jacob do not move . hank glance up and down the road , then sigh , rub at he face . hank ( cont have ) he be still alive when you leave . I smother he with he scarf . Jacob struggle to absorb this . hank move to the driver 's side door , turn back to he brother . the dog push past he , jump into the car . hank ( cont have ) I guess that make it my decision , do not it ? cu - television screen * 52a someone 's flick quickly through the channel . we fly by game show , cartoong , talk show , xena the warrior princess ... {continued ) 39 . *52a continued : * s52a 53 s3u we pull back to reveal : int . mitchell family room - dusk 53 rank and Sarah stand before the tv . Sarah 's flick the remote : tense , frighten , focus . hank 's not look at the screen -- he 's watch Sarah , struggle to reassure she . hank I swear to God , it look real ... and even if ... well , let 's say it do not look like a accident . who would ever ..? I mean , why would anyone think of we ? we do not --~ sarah ( sharp , cut he off ) you track lead right to the plane . hank but it 's gonna snow . any moment now -- sarah be there any . blood ? hank blood ? Sarah turn on he , furious , still flick the channel . sarah Jacob hit he . do he bleed anywhere ? on the road , or the -- hank I do not know . I can not be --~ sarah ( appal ) you do not look ? hank ( struggle to remember ) I do not ... T be ... I mean , it 's gonna snow , Sarah . as soon as it snow all that ' 1l be cov ~ -- Sarah wave abruptly he into silence . she 's find the news . on the tv s3 u the local news . we see a female reporter walk along the bridge , talking into the camera . ( continued } 53v s3 BA *s3ub 40 . continued : 53 vv female reporter he be apparently try to cross along this bank of snow , when he snowmobile slip over the edge , throw he into the icy water of ander 's Creek . we see the ice , the half - submerge snowmobile . pederson 's hat float beside it , but he body have be remove . Carl crouch on the river 's bank , stare up toward the guardrail . we see ssua the reporter again , stare straight into the camera . female reporter a tragic beginning to this New Year for one local family . ( a pause ) back to you , Mark . int . newsroom - day - on the television * s3ub a man and woman sit behind a low counter . thanks , Tracy . on the wall behind he a picture of two great dane appear . man ( cont would ) ( to the camera ) playful pouch or killer canine ? in this case it seem to depend on who you talk to -- on hank and sarah 54 Sarah turn from the tv , sit on the couch . she 's start to regain control of herself , be struggle now to search out all the loose end . hank drop down beside she . he take she hand , and she let it hang there in he grip , absolutely lifeless , like a napkin . sarab ( stare into the distance ) I wish you have not tell Jacob . ( a pause ) I wish he still think he be the one who kill he . hank wait , as if expect something more , but nothing come . he drop she hand . ( continued ) 54 continued : hank do it scare you ? 40z . ( continued ) 54 54 s4y 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 54 sarah of course it scare I . what if he tell someone ? hank I mean what I have do . Sarah hesitates before she answer , as if debate the right course to take . finally , she shake she head . sarah I know you only do it because you feel trap . because you could not think of another way . hank consider this for a beat . it 's obviously not the answer he be hope for . hank but would you have do the same thing ? if you would be there instead of I ? Sarah stare at he ; she do not know what to say . hank ( cont have ) I just want to know if it 's possible . sarah oh , sweetie . she lean forward to hug he . he hesitates , then hug she back . but just as he 's beginning to relax into she embrace -- shutting he eye , burrow into she neck ~ - she abruptly pull away , stare at the tv. sarah' Pov -- on the tv - ' the newsroom s4u the anchorman and woman be smile at the camera . on the screen behind they we see chuck , the weatherman , stand outside a local mall . woman when we return , Chuck will have the latest on that big storm he keep threaten we with . ( turn to the weatherman , check she watch ) knee -deep by six o'clock this evening , Chuck . be not that what you say ? Chuck grin sheepishly , lift he hand in surrender . above he , we see the sky : cloudless , the star just emerge . the newscaster laugh as the newsroom cut to a commercial . * s4a #548 *54c *540 *54e +55 57 58 59 42 . back to scene * 54a Sarah turn to hank . her face have resume its tense , frighten expression . hank sit beside she , search for a way to reassure she . but there 's nothing he can say . we push in on he face , which be just as frighten as Sarah 's , and then : ext . edge of wood —- day * 54b we see the spot where the fox cross the road . there be track everywhere , a gash in the snow alongside the road from Jacob 's truck , and tread mark from pederson 's snowmobile ... ext . wood - the stream * s4c tracks run up and down either bank - ~ hank , Jacob , and Lou 's , the fox 's and the dog 's ... ext . orchard - the plane * 54d the plane shine silver in the sunlight , surround by its own tangle of track . int . mitchell family room - dusk * s4e hank and Sarah continue to hold each other 's eye for several beat of anxious silence . omit * 55 omit * 56 int . mitchell bedroom - night 57 the room be dark . Sarah be fast asleep . hank climb out of bed , move to the window . he part the curtain , peek outside . hank's Pov - night sky - through the window 58 no sign of snow . ext . orchard - night 59 siren , the chop -chop - chop of hover helicopter . dozen of policeman be scour the orchard . searchlight flash across the tree . by the plane , we see a policeman pluck a red thread from a tear piece of fuselage . another cop bend to extract Lou 's beer can from the snow . he hold it up above he head , blow excitedly on a whistle . 42a . * s9r int . hank's kitchen ~ night * s9r the room be dark . hank , dress in he bathrobe , be pour a glass of milk . he open the refrigerator to put the milk back . 68 *68r *688 *68c *68e *62 *63 43 . int . county morgue -— niget 6 a a cooler door open , revealing the bare foot of 4 corpse on a metal slab . a man in a lab coat drag the slab into the open . Carl stand beside he , frown . it 's pederson 's body , and there 's a hand - shape bruise on he face , cover he mouth . int . hank's dine room - night * 68a hank stand by the table in he bathrobe , sip at he milk , paging through the brochure . the front window begin to rattle from the wind . hank step toward it , excited , wipe away the frosty condensation , and peer outside . hank's Pov - out the front window " 688 still no snow , just the wind gust down the street . back to scene * 68c hank turn from the window , head back toward the kitchen . he pause at the doorway to the family room , glance in . int . hank's family room - night 600 the room be a shamble . Lou and Jacob sit on the couch , divide the money . a shotgun rest across Lou 's knee . hank 's bloody body be slouched in a armchair across the room . suddenly , from the front of the house , we hear a door open . Lou and Jacob freeze , listen . the door slam shut , and Lou lift he shotgun from he lap . we push in close on hank as he eyelid flutter open . _ hank ( gasp ) Sarah ... we pull back to reveal * 6 be hank slouched in the chair , he stare at he chest . there 's no blood , no sign of Jacob or Lou . the window have grow light : dawn have come . hank rise to he foot . omit * 61 omit * 62 omit * 63 43a . int . hank's bedroom —- dawn Sarah be alone in bed , sleep soundly . hank ( 0s ) ( yell , in the distance ) Sarah ! Sarah lift she head . she stare around the room , disorient , then climb from bed , move to the window , part the curtain . 648 - 648 65 658 65b 44 , sarah' Pov - out the window 648 a snowball thump into the glass . snow be pour from the sky . hank stand in the street , dress in he pajamas , laughing . he toss another snowball , then wave for she to come out . back to scene 64b Sarah start to laugh , struggle to open the window . when she finally succeed , she grab some snow off the ledge and , with a giddy yelp , throw it down at hank . sarah' Pov - out the window 65 hank flop down in the middle of the street , start to make a angel . across the way , a neighbor watch from he porch , a cup of coffee in he hand , take aback by they horseplay . ext . orchard ~ day 658 the plane be once again bury beneath the snow . the track have vanish . the crow perch motionless in they tree . we watch the snow continue to fall : fat , heavy flake . then — - dissolve to : SMALL town MAIN ST . - from hank's office window — day 658 through the blind , we see a trio of man load a casket into a hearse . pederson 's widow , dress in black , watch from the sidewalk , clutching a handkerchief to she face . we pull back to reveal : int . hank's office - day hank watch out the window . man' voice ( 0s ) you listen to I , hank ? hank ( flinching from the window ) sure . - he step quickly back to he desk , sit down . doug schmitt , a thin old man , dress in a parka and wool cap be sit across from he . butler be at he own desk , murmuring on the phone . doug every Monday I come down here , buy two bag of feed , regular as clockwork . two bag a week , four week a month . that 's eight ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . 65b continued : 65b doug ( cont would ) bag I be suppose to be bill for . ( he shake a slip of paper at hank ) I do not know how else to -- hank ( slowly , as if to a child ) December begin on a Monday , Doug . that mean there be five monday in the month . you come in five time , you gotta pay for -- doug you try to tell I there be five week last month ? he scoff , turn toward butler for support . hank 's phone begin to ring . he finally lose patience , point across the room at a calender hang by the door . hank ~ just look at the goddamn calender , will you ? hank 's abrupt tone make butler hesitate in he own conversation ; he frown across the room at he . Doug rise to look at the calender . hank snatch up he phone . . hank ( cont would ) ( harass , into the phone ) what ? jacob' voice it 's I . a short pause . hank say nothing ; he watch Doug scan the calender , count up the monday . Jacob clear he throat . jacob' voice ( cont would ) I need to talk to you . hank I be kind of busy right now , Jacob - - jacob' voice ( riding right over he ) can you meet I at the farm ? hank ( still watch Doug ) the farm ? what farm ? jacob' voice qur farn . ( continued ) revised 1/19/98 GREEN 46 , 65b continued : ( 2 ) 65 B i * age 66 67 hank hesitates , suddenly alert . he lower he voice . hank what 's go on ? jacob' voice on you lunch break . twelve -thirty . - Doug slap down the calender 's page , stomp out of the office . hank half - rise from he chair , call after the old farmer . hank Doug ? we straight on this ? ( no answer ) shit ... ( into the phone ) I be not gonna drive all the way ... Jacob ? Jacob 's already hang up . ext . parent 's farm — day '' r66 establish shot . blow snow , windmill , dilapidate barn . ext . parent 's farm - day : . 66 a snow - pack road run through barren field . hank 's car stop behind Jacob 's truck , and he climb out . the ruin of a house and barn stand on a rise above the road , along with a rusty old windmill . we see Jacob sit on the edge of the house 's porch . he stand up , wave . hank start toward he , leok anxious . . ext . parent ' front porch = day 67 several of the house 's window be shatter ; the front door be board up . the barn 's roof be cave in . Jacob be try to peer in through one of the window . he turn , smile , when he hear hank crunching toward he through the snow . hank stop in front of the porch , raise he hand , question . hank s0 ..? Jacob wave from the house to the surround field , grin . : jacob - I ’m.gonna buy it back . I be gonna rebuild everything -- just like it be before Mom and dad die . . a long , sad stare from hank . #e sigh , shaking he head . hank you know you can not do that . as soon as we Split up the money , we have to leave . prarinren 67 47 . continued : 67 Jacob eye hank for a beat , then move to the edge of the porch . he peer off toward the windmill . when he speak , he voice have a childish inflection , lose and scared . jacob you want I to just drive off all alone ? hank do not know how to answer this . he rub tiredly at he face , step up onto the porch beside he brother , turn to stare eff across the field . hank where would you say you get you money ? Jacob brighten ; he 's obviously already think this through . jacob we could tell people Sarah inherite some . nobody around here know anything about she family . we will say you guy buy the farm before you leave , and set I up to run it . ocutting off hank 's protest ) I think you would be happy . it 's we farm ; I be gonna bring it back . hank it 's so hard , Jacob . you do not just buy a farm , you have to work it . you have to know about machine and seed and fertilizer and pesticide and herbicide and drainage and irrigation and the weather and the government . you do not know about any of that . you have end up just like dad . jacob ( sharp , step back ) how do you think he end up like that ? hank he have two mortgage riding on the place . there be no way he could keep up -- jacob ( he voice rise ) where would the money go ? you think he just spend it on the farm ? hank what else would --? ( continued ) 67 48 . continued : ( 2 ) 67 jacob why do you think he take the second mortgage ? four year of college . do not you ever wonder how he pay for that ? hank seem truly shocked . he struggle for some response . hank Jacob -- Jacob kick at the porch railing , splintering it . jacob i be suppose to get the farm . hank lift he hand toward he brother , plead . hank Jacob , you have get the whole world . you can ge anywhere you want . jacob this be where I want . right here . ( he stomp he foot ) Home . hank stare off at the empty field , he shoulder hunch . then , without look , he reach out , touch Jacob 's arm , the first sympathetic gesture we have see he make toward Jacob . ext . SMALL town MAIN ST . - day 68 afternoon : sunny , cold . hank come from the direction of the feedstore , walk fast . he turn in at the library . int . library - day 69 Sarah be behind the counter , sorting book . hank enter from the street . hank what ..? Sarah hold a finger to she lip , nodd toward mrs . trilling , a old woman on the far side of the room . then she wave hank behind the counter . she remove some papers from beneath a book , spread they out for he to see . hank peer down at they . we see the papers : three photocopy newspaper article . sarah ( whisper ) a four point four million dollar ransom . ( continued ) 69 49 . continued : 69 the first headline read : deadly duo kill six , kidnap heiress : huge ransom demanded . sarah ( cont have ) and as far as anyone else know , it 's just disappear into thin air . the second headline read : heiress 's body id ’d by feds : father lose daughter , ransom . sarah ( cont would ) ( point at the last article ) do you recognize one of they from the plane ? the third headline read : FBI idn mcmartin kidnapper : manhunt begun for michigan brother . beneath the headline be photo of the suspect . one be small , dark - haire , thin -lipped . the ether be larger , with long hair and a thick beard . hank ( squinting at the photo ) it can not tell . his face be ... go . ( a pause ) . he would have to be the young one , though . the older one 's too big . mrs . trilling ( 0s ) have you read this one , Sarah ? Sarah cover the article . the old woman stand across the room , hold a book out toward Sarah . Sarah smile . sarah not yet , Mrs. trill . Stephen King recommend it , though . so it must be okay . Mrs . trill frown at the book , unsure . then she move back behind the shelf . hank and Sarah hesitate a moment before they resume they whispered discussion . hank I guess it change thing , do not it ? sarah how 's that ? hank now we know someone 's look for it . we can not say it be not steal anymore . ( continued ) 69 78 7 tin continued : ( 2 ) 69 sarah it 's always be steal . it 's just that before we do not know who we be steal from . Mrs. trill cough from behind the shelf . hank and Sarah freeze , glance up . they wait a moment before : sarah ( cont have ) I think it 's good we know where it come from . I be beginning to worry that it might be counterfeit , or mark . hank it might still be mark . Sarah shake she head . she point toward the article . sarah it say they demand unmark money . hank seem unsure . Sarah give he a impatient look . sarah ( cont have ) you be be paranoid , hank . it 's over . you be just look for stuff to worry about . she shove the article into she bag . int . mitchell bedroom - night 78 hank and Sarah be asleep . very faintly , we hear knock from downstairs . hank lift he head , listen . when the knocking resume , he slip out of bed , leave Sarah sleep behind he . int . hank's front entranceway - night 7 hank tiptoe toward we down the stair . someone be jiggling the front doorknob , try to get in . hank reach the bottom , stoops to peer through the window beside the door . hank 's Pov - through the window tia a car be park on the street . suddenly , louss face block the view . he press against the glass , kissing it . 7i{conback to scene 7il ( con ) hank unbolt the door . he crack it open and peek outside . Lou stand on the porch , smile drunkenly . ( continued ) 51 . 71 ( compntinued : 71 ( con ) Lou hey , Mr. accountant . ( a conspiratorial whisper ) I be here to make a tiny withdrawal . hank go home , Lou . turn around and go home . lou ( shiver ) it 's freezing out , hank . invite I in . Lou press up against the door , and -- when hank retreat -- step inside . he shut the door behind he , grin drunkenly . hank I do not have time for this . I have to go to work in the morning . Lou nod , as if in understanding . he rub he hand together , glance around the entranceway . lou I want my share . hank the money 's not here . and even if it be I would not give you any . Lou rear back in indignation . lou just because you have it do not mean it 's yours . ( he tap he chest ) part of it 's mine . hank part of it might be yours . if we decide to keep it . the plan be -- lou come on , Mr. accountant . be a sport . just give I a packet . I can come back later for the rest . hank rest he hand against Lou 's chest , very lightly . Lou stare down at it . hank if you ask I again , I 'il go and burn it first thing tomorrow . be that clear ? {continued ) 52 . 71 ( cobpntinued : ( 2 ) 71{con ) Lou snicker at this , brushes away hank 's hand . lou bluff . b-l-u -f-f , . hank call it then . see what happen . lou Jacob tell I a little secret , Mr. accountant . {a pause ; he grin deepen ) I know what happen to dwight pederson . hank stiffen , then try to hide it . hank you drink too much . you do not know what you nre say . Lou I want one of the packet . hank . they be not here . I have hide they away from the house . Lou be a shame if someone write a note to Carl Jenkins , say there might be something a little suspicious about dwight pederson 's accident . I mean , he just drive off that bridge ? you believe that ? hank Jesus , Lou . you*re a thief , remember ? if one of we go to jail , we all do . Lou be momentarily confuse . he struggle to think it through . lou I need my share , hank . I be break and I owe people money . hank step to the closet , fumble inside , pull out he wallet . he remove two twenty , extend they toward Lou . Lou look at hank as if he would just shit in he hand and hold it out to he . lou ( cont would ) forty dollar ? ( continued ) 53 . j1 ( compntinued : ( 3 ) 71 ( con ) hank the money 's a day 's drive away . I could not get to it even if I want . not till Sarah 's have the baby . Lou ( not believe he ) a day 's drive ? hank it 's at a storage place down in St. Paul . lou what the hell be it do in St. Paul ? hank I do not want it near we . in case we come under suspicion for some reason . Lou ponder this , pursing he lip , add number in he head . lou we will go after she 's do ? ( hank hesitates , then nod ) and we will split it up ? hank nod again . Lou debate for a beat , then move toward the door . at the last second , he turn , grab the twenty . then he pull open the door , throw one final grin at hank . lou ( cont would ) sorry to wake you . he step outside . hank shut the door behind he , peer out the window to watch he leave . 7168 hank's Pov - through the window 7b as Lou open he car door , the light flash on inside . we see a vague shape in the front seat . it 's hard to tell , but it could be Jacob . Lou start the car and drive away . 7i( conback to scene 71 ( con ) hank turn , move toward the stair , then stop , startle . hank 's Pov - top of the stair Sarah stand there , look frighten . back to scene hank hesitates on the bottom step . ( continued ) 54 . 71 ( co® pntinued : . 71icon ) hank you hear ? Sarah do not respond . she 's hold she belly , perplex . hank ( cont would ) I never should have tell Jacob ... ( trail off ) I know it , too . Sarah sit down suddenly , grimace . sarah hank . hank even as I be do it , I know -- sarah ( louder ) hank ! hank look up at she , a daze expression on he face . hank what ? sarah I think -- ( a wave of pain ) I be have the baby . 72 int . hospital hallway - day 72 Jacob , carry a present wrap in pink tissue paper , move down the hall , scan doorway for room number , brush at he hair while he walk . he finally find the room he want and stride toward it , only to pause on the threshold . 73 int . sarah 's hospital room - day ch a curtain divide the room . a tv plays behind it . Sarah -- no longer pregnant -- be doze in the bed . hank notice Jacob in the doorway . he hold up a hand for he to wait . then , move quietly , so that he do not wake Sarah , he slip from the room . 4 int . hospital corridor - day 14 hank and Jacob be stand a few door down from Sarah 's room , speak in hushed voice . there 's no one else in the hallway , but the door to all the room stand open , and we can hear people talk in they , along with the cry of a baby . ( continued ) 55 . continued : 74 hank ( surprised ) gambling ? ( Jacob nod ) where ? jacob in hinkley . at the casino . he 's lose some money . hank a lot ? Jacob shrug , evasive . hank start to press for a answer , but then smile instead , look past Jacob down the hall . hank's Pov - down the hall a young couple be approach , the man push he wife in a wheelchair , the woman hold a swaddle newborn : they be be discharge . a nurse walk alongside . back to scene dacob turn . he smile , too . hank ( cheerily , to the couple ) the big day , huh ? the couple laugh , nod . as soon as they pass , hank stop smile . but not Jacob : he watch they go , grin , and seem startle when hank resume he interrogation . hank ( cont would ) how could you have tell he , Jacob ? 1 put myself at risk for you , and what do you do ? you turn around and betray I . jacob what be you talk --? hank _ it 's like there be two side now . like ~- jacob why do you both keep talk about side ? that 's not -— hank ( with sudden intensity ) Lou talk about side ? ( continued ) 56 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 jacob I be on both you side . we be all in this together . bank ( step close ) if you have to pick a side -- jacob ( retreate ) I be not go -- hank no , I want to know : Lou , or I ? Jacob glance down the hall , search for a way out . finally : jacob I no pick you . you be my brother . rh ) int . sarah 's hospital room - day 7s the curtain be still pull . behind it , the tv continue to play . hank sit beside Sarah 's bed . Sarah be unwrap Jacob 's gift , a rumple ~ look teddy bear with a brass key in its back . she hold it up , inspect it . sarah it 's use . she examine it with distaste , then wind its key . a man 's voice begin to sing '' frere Jacques '' . hank stare in surprise . hank it be he bear . ( Sarah look up , startle ) when he be little . Sarah lift the bear again , reappraising it . she sniff at it . sarae I guess it 's sweet of he then , be not it ? the nurse enter , carry hank and Sarah 's baby , amanda . nurse feed time for the little princess . everyone coo0s over the baby . Sarah unbutton she nightgown , begin to nurse the infant . the bear 's music slow to a stop . Sarah lean forward to make sure the nurse have go , then turn to hank . he 's stroking she arm , distract , gaze at the baby in wonder . ( continued ) 7 . 75 continued : ° 75 sarah I want you to buy one of that little tape recorder -- the little dictating one -- the type you can hide in you pocket . hank {not glance up ) what do you want with a tape reco-der ? Sarah glance toward the curtain , lower she voice . sarah you be go to tape Lou confess to pederson 's murder . hank look up in surprise , stop stroking she . hank . what be you talk about ? Sarah hold she finger to she lip , gesture toward the other half of the room . they both stare at the curtain , behind which the only sign of life be the tv. sarah you and Jacob invite he out for drink , you get he drunk , take he back to he house , and then start joke about confess to the Police . you take turn pretend to do it -~ you first , Jacob second , Lou last -- and when Lou do it , you tape he . hank start to laugh , but then realize she be not joke . hank that 's absurd . there 's no way it have work . the baby make a mewling sound . Sarah smile down at it . sarah ( in a baby voice ) yes ! you be a hungry little girl , be not you ? . she jiggle the baby for a moment , then glance back up at hank . sarah ( cont would ) Jacob help you . that 's the key . if Jacob egg he on , then he will do it . ( continued ) 75 *76 77 * 78 a79 58 . continued : ( 2 ) 75 hank but even if we could get he to say it , it would not mean anything . no one would ever believe it . sarah that do not matter . all you have to do be get he to see that you and Jacob could Claim he kill pederson just as easily as he could claim you do it . if you make he think that Jacob would side with you , he x11 never risk bring in the police . hank consider this , frown . Sarah watch he , caress the infant , then reach out and touch he arm . sarah ( cont ’d} we should at least try , should not we ? we can not lose anything by try . omit * 76 omit " 11 omit . '' 78 int . jacob be apartment - dusk a79 dirty , dimly light . the scraggly Christmas tree still stand in the corner . Jacob be slouched on the bed , a beer can in he hand , the dog be sleep beside he . hank be sit on a chair a few foot away from he brother , dress in a suit , he tie loosen . he 's lean forward , intense , hectore Jacob . bank it 's not like I be ask all that much of you , Jacob . you pick up the goddamn phone . you say , ' hey , Lou . hank suggest we go out drink tomorrow night - ~' jacob but why would you ask I and Lou to go drink ? hank ( with grow impatience ) you tell he I agree to split up the money . that I want to go out and celebrate first . Jacob be become increasingly upset . he shake he head ( continued } a739 continued : jacob I can not trick he like that . he would never forgive I . hank jump up , pace to the window , equally agitate , 58a . a79 {continued ) 59 . a79 continued : ( 2 ) a779 hank do not you get what 's happen here ? he can send we both to jail . jacob Lou 's not gonna -- hank nspin back toward Jacob ) know what the problem be ? you do not have any distance on this . you can not see what he 's really like . Jacob give he a incredulous look . he sit up on the bed . jacob you be gonna tell I that ? hank I can tell you -- furious , Jacob fling he half - empty beer can across the room . the dog jump up , bark . jacob you know nothing about he , hank . you have see he drunk a few time , so you think -- hank cut he off , impatient . hank look . you want I to help buy back the farm ? ( silence ) well ? Jacob still do not answer . he realize he 's trap and be search unsuccessfully for a way out . finally , he nod . hank step over to the night table , grab the phone , slam it down into Jacob 's lap . : hank ( cont would ) then you gotta help I first . he stride back to the window , stare out into the night . Jacob waver , watch he brother 's back . finally , he pick up the phone and begin , very slowly , to dial . we see hank shut he eye , as if oddly pain by he success . 79 int . mitchell kitchen - night 79 Sarah sit at the table -- which be set for two -- nursing the baby . we hear the front door open , the murmur of hank and Jacob 's ( continued ) 79 continued : 60 . 78 voice , Sarah lift she head listen . after a beat hank enter , still in he coat , he bend , kiss Sarah on she a forehead , move to the cabinet . sarah ( whisperin ) do I hear jacoby '' hank nod . he pull down @ plate , grab 4 placemat , start , set out a third place , p ad p rs * to ; bank I invite he for dinner . Sarah look surprise . she take a moment to absorb the news , watch hank lay out the utensil , then , still whisper : sarah be he gonna do it ? hank hesitates , anticipate she displeasure , hank T have to promise he the farm . sarah what ? 1 think we already agree hank ( plaintively ) where 's he suppose to go , Sarah ? Sarah launch into he , she voice slowly rise . sarah if he stay , we will end up get catch . sooner or later he will screw up and - — bank ( hush she with he hand ) I know . 1 know . that 's not what I be say . we hear the toilet flush . the door to the downstairs bathroom open . hank move toward the fridge . hank ( cont would ) I just wish he could , that 's a 1 . int . hank 's kitchen ~ later ; 88 hank , Jacob and Sarah sit at the table , the meat ) finish . Jacob 's dog sleep at they foot , its head rest on amanda 's ( continued ) 80 conrinurp ; 61 . bear , be the 80 rank and Jacob be tell Sarah a sto : each i to one to get it out , talk one over they other , tying to and just when we dad 's put the final touch on it -- he 's way up on a ladder tightening some bolt . hank this breeze start the windmill 's sail spin ~ ~ jacob smack ! they hit he right in the face , knock he off the ladder . sarah ( she hand over she mouth ) be he hurt ? hank and Jacob both laugh . hank pour Jacob more wine . the all hank Mom think so . jacob she see it happen from the house , and be sure he would break he neck , so she call the volunteer fire department . laugh . jacob he never forgive she for that . hank can still hear he bitching about it : why do not you wait to see if I get up , for Christ 's sake ? " I cs everyone laugh , from upstairs we hear amanda begin to ery . Sarah listen for a beat , then sigh , stand up . sarah her majesty call ... ( continued ) 80 81 62 . continued : ( 2 ) 80 the two man watch she leave . a beat of silence , then : jacob y think dad would have understand what we be do . ( a pause ) do not you ? hank I do not know ... I guess so . jacob I mean , that 's why they kill themselves . if they would have what we have now , they would still be around . hank what be you talk about ?. they be drink . it be a accident . Jacob scoff at this . jacob you see where it happen , right ? ( hank nod ) notice any skid mark ? hank 's silence be answer enough . Jacob shake he head sadly . jacob ( cont would ) dad think they life insurance would be enough to pay off all they debt . a short pause ; the mood in the room have plummete . Jacob pick up the stuff bear , wind its key . '' jacob ( cont have ) I guess it 's what I would have eventually do , too . if I have not get the farm back . hank absorb this in silence . the bear sing in Jacob 's lap . ext . bar - night ~ establish * ast int . SMALL town bar —- night 81 a long room with a bar run down one side , a line of booth down the other . ' the place be loud , smoke - fill . hank , Jacob and Lou be drink in a booth . Jacob sit beside he brother , look tense , distract . Lou be lean forward , a bit tipsy , address hank with surprising earnestness . ( continued ) continued : 63 . 8 maybe ... maybe sometimes I can come off as a bit of a asshole ... you think ? hank start to deny this , but Lou wave he into silence . Lou ( cont would ) no , no , I know what I be talkin ' about . but fuck it , all in the past , right ? whaddya ? he extend he hand across the table . r+ take hank a moment to understand what 's expect of he . then , while Jacob watch with something close to disgust , hank smile , shake Lou 's hand . hank sound good to I . Lou Hell yes ! live and let live : he drop hank 's hand , quickly downs a shot , then wipe he mouth on he sleeve , belching , Lou ( cont would ) gotta take a leak . Lou rise , a bit unsteady on he foot . as he 's move along the bar to the bathri 1 he stumble into a large , beard man on a stool . the man glance over he shoulder , and Lou give he a angry stare , hitching up he belt . Lou think that 's funny trip people on the way to the can ? think you nre some king of comedian ? the bearded man spin to face Lou . the bar begin to quiet , ed man beard ) listen , buddy . look like you might have haq a few too -- ( continued ) 81 b2 83 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 81 Lou do not you buddy I . the bearded man start to climb off he stool , but as he do so , Jacob suddenly appear , rest he hand on Lou 's shoulder . jacob maybe it 's time we hit the road , Lou . whaddya think ? hank be stand behind Jacob , hold Lou 's jacket . Lou allow himself to be lead away , but not without a parting shot . lou opoint at Jacob ) he 's my buddy . opoint at hank ) he 's my buddy , too . ( to the bearded man ) you be not my fuck buddy . ext . louss front yard - night 82 Jacob 's truck pull into the driveway . hank , Jacob and Lou be inside ; Jacob 's dog be in the back . Lou 's house be dark . int . jacob be truck Lou and Jacob be take turn sip from a bottle of whiskey . Lou we gotta be real quiet . Nancy 's asleep . int . louss family room - night 83 the live room be a step down from the entranceway . there 's a green shag carpet , a old - look tv . hank and Jacob be sit on the couch ; Lou be in a armchair across from they . everyone 's drink whiskey ; Lou and Jacob be both quite drunk . Lou ( loud ) -- so this guy step forward , right ? and he say , ' he be doin 's fine till we twisted he head back around for he . then he fuckin’ die on we . ' Jacob scowl as hank burst into laughter , play to Lou . nancy ( 0s ) I get one . the three man instantly fall silent , startle , turn to see : ( continued ) 83 hank's poy _ front of the house Nancy be at the foot of the stair , shirt . her hair be tangle from sleep back to scene the three man watch she , stonenface . nancy ( 0s cont would ) well , finally , she get so feed up she come downstairs and tell he that if he do not shut up he be gonna have to fing some other place to live rent - free , ha~ - ha-ha . get it ? Lou jump up from the couch , hurry toward she , conciliatory gesture with he hand . Lou it 's okay , hon . we be just drink a little and -- 65 . dress in a extra-long tt - make watch Lou and Nancy , who we hear murmure back and forth from across the room , hank lean toward he brother , whisper . hank what be you wait for ? 1 do not wanna be here all night . Jacob shake he head drunkenly , not look at hank . jacob I be not gonna do it ... hank give he a stern look . we make 'a deal . jacob ( still look away , hard ) it 's not right . we hear Nancy start back upstairs . Lou return across the room . hank touch Jacob 's arm , attempt to silence h im , but Jacob ( continued ) 83 83 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 83 push he hand away . hank pick up he Glass , try to pretend that nothing be happen . Lou sit down . lou guess we oughta keep it down a bit , huh ? hank nod , sip from he glass . Jacob be still watch he , with something like revulsion now , jacob what the fuck be wrong with you ? hank glance up , shocked . Lou grin as Jacob turn to hin , gesture at hank , he voice angry . jacob ( cont would ) see how he drink from that glass ? like a goddamn bird . he mimic hank sip , exaggerate he hesitancy . hank attempt a joke . hank you gonna play older brother now ? teach I how to drink my whiskey ? Jacob ignore he , still look at Lou . jacob ever see I drink like that ? ( he downs he glass , slam it to the table ) my dad ? lou tell the truth , Jake , I be not never see nobody drink like that . jacob so where would he learn it ? hank set he glass down . he lean forward , try to meet he brother 's eye , questionin , but Jacob continue to ignore he . . jacob ( cont would ) I mean , tell I one thing we get in common besides we last name . ( Lou can not think of anything ) you be more like a brother to I than hin . Lou giggle , glance back at the stair . then , he voice low : ( continued ) 83 67 . continued : ( 3 ) 83 Lou do he crossing the stream , Jake . ( Jacob hesitates ) aw , come on . he do not care . do you hank ? hank stare at Jacob , who 's lean forward to refill he glass . his hand be unsteady , and he sloshes whiskey onto the table . hank cross the stream ? Jacob take a sip of whiskey -- mimick hank again . then he stand up and begin make fun of the way hank cross the stream that first day , as they make they way through the wood to the plane . he exaggerate hank 's awkward hop , he teeter in midstream . Lou clap and guffaw : it 's obvious this have be a recurrent joke between they . hank blushes . lou do he get bit by the crow ! Jacob ignore he . his smile have fade . jacob we never should have let he keep the money . look at he . he think he own we . Lou 's smile fade . hank rise , pick up he jacket , appal . hank look , we have all have too much to drink . maybe we should -- jacob be not this what you want ? I to pick a side ? hank what be you talk -- jacob ( sneering , to Lou ) know what 's gonna happen ? he 's gonna end up confess . crawl into Carl 's office and spilling he gut . hank start pull on he overcoat . Lou fuck yes . he will rat on we to get off the hook . ( continued ) 83 — . 68 . continued : ( 4 ) 83 hank begin move across the room toward the front door . Jacob watch he , he grin fade , he voice turn steely . jacob let 's do he confess . you be he , and I will be carl , hank turn , stare . Jacob avoid he gaze . snickering , Lou gulp some whiskey , stand up and mime knock on a door . hank move back toward the couch . : Lou ( mimick hank 's voice ) Carl ? hank pull off he coat , sit back down . jacob yes ? who be it ? Lou it 's hank Mitchell . 1 get something to tell you . jacob come on in , hank . have a seat . Lou pretend to open a door . he walk in place , grin , then sit down . hank fumble at he shirt , pretend to scratch at he chest . with a soft click , the tape recorder turn on . Lou it 's about dwight pederson . jacob yes ? Lou well , he do not die in a accident . jacob what do you mean ? Lou feign glank nervously around the room . then : I kill he . jacob you kill dwight pederson ? ( continued ) 83 59 . continued : ( 5 ) a3 Lou I smother he with he scarf , then I push he off the bridge into ander 's Creek . I make it look like a accident . that 's enough for hank ; he gesture at Jacob to stop . okay . that 's -- Jacob ignore he . jacob why would you do something like that ? Lou ' Cause four million dollar be worth a hell of a lot more to I than some old man 's life -- hank reach up , turn off the tape recorder in he pocket . hank ( firm , to Jacob ) - that 's enough . Lou ( shaking he head ) I wanna get to the part where you offer to testify against we . keep ask I question , Jake . Jacob take a swallow of whiskey . he seem spend by the whole episode , drain . he do back on the couch as hank take out the tape recorder and rewind it . hank press play , set it on the table . they all stare at it while it replay Lou and Jacob 's dialogue . Lou look utterly bewilder . lou ( cont would ) you tape we ? neither hank nor Jacob answer he . when the tape be finish , hank reach forward and rewind it . lov ( cont would ) what nre you do , hank ? hank it 's you confession . it 's you say how you kill dwight pederson . Lou stare at the tape recorder for a moment , realize finally what it 's for . he sneer at hank . ( continued ) 70 . continted : ( 6 ) 83 Lou nobody 's gonna believe that thing . it 's obvious I be just kid around . hank if you and I both go into carl 's tomorrow and claim that the other kill dwight pederson , who do you think he would believe ? you ? a forty - year-old , unemployed high school dropout who 's broud when people call he the town drunk ? or I ? I have get a job , Lou . I do not get drunk and shout obscenity at my wife in public . I do not pass out in other people 's doorway . a tense moment , then Lou try to grab the tape recorder , but hank snatch it away , return it to he shirt pocket . Lou ( angry , humiliate ) you fuck -- he rise . hank do , too . Lou scowl at he , wave at Jacob . lou ( cont would ) come on , Jake . Jacob sag deep into the couch , not look at either of they . jacob the tape do not hurt you . it 's just to keep you from hurt he . Lou what ? jacob he 's not gonna use it unless you tell on he . that seem fair , do not it ? Lou you be in this together ? Jacob finally look up : jacob he promise to help I buy back the farm . Lou clenches he fist , he body taut with anger . he glare at Jacob until Jacob look away , then spin and stride toward the front of the house , disappear down the hallway to the leave . {continued } 83 84 71 . continued : ( 7 ) 83 hank head toward the front door , gesture for Jacob to follow . Jacob hesitates , then start slowly after he , a bit wobbly on he foot . as hank open the door , he glance down the hall . hank 's Pov ~- louss downstair hall Lou approach from the garage , jam shell into he shotgun . back to scene Jacob push hank . jacob move ... Jacob run outside . hank remain , look at Lou in disbelief . hank what nre you do , Lou ? Lou stop five foot away , pump the gun , aim it at hank 's chest . outside , we hear Jacob 's truck door slam shut . lou give I the tape . hank put the gun down . hank start to back onto the porch , drag the door shut behind he . Lou grab it , yank it open , raise the gun again . lou you be not leave till you give -- jacob ( 0s ) leave he alone , Lou ! Lou freeze , startle . he and hank both turn to look . hank's Pov - lou' front yard 84 Jacob be aim he rifle at Lou 's head , breathe hard . ext . louss front porch - night hank stop it , Jacob . go back to the truck . Jacob do not move . Lou you gonna shoot I , Jake ? ( continued ) continued : 84 they both begin to yell . the dog jump from the truck , barking . jacob just leave he alone -- Lou you stab I in the back . in my own house . jacob please , Lou . Lou you know I need the money . I need it tomorrow . they be gonna take my truck . jacob just put the gun down . Lou why should he get to keep it ? he 's get a job . we be the one who need it . he just want it -~ nancy ( 0s ) Lou ? ( instantly , silence ) what 's go on ? she start down the stair . we see she foot through the top of the doorway . Lou be still point he gun at hank , but he 's look at Jacob . his face be bright red . lou how could you do this ? you think he 's you friend ? he do not give a fuck about you . ( he glance at hank ) do you ? hank come on , Lou . we can talk this through . Lou raise the gun till it 's point just above hank 's head , and pull the trigger . there 's a tremendous explosion . the dog run off . a eerie quiet settles in . Lou pump another shell into the chamber , give hank a edgy smile . Lou that be just a in-sin-u-a-tion . he step forward , press the gun to hank 's forehead . rank hold himself rigid , too frighten to move . he shut he eye . ( continued ) 84 8s 73 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 hank Lou ... Lou 's smile deepen . behind he , Nancy descend another step . nancy put the gun down , baby . Lou this be the real thing . with a quick , startling movement , he jerk the gun up so that it 's point just a few inch above hank 's head , and pull the trigger . another explosion . at the same instant , Jacob fire he gun . the bullet smack Lou in the forehead . Lou fall into the house . Nancy begin to scream . int . louss front entranceway 85 hank step inside . Lou lie on he back a few foot from the door , a small hole in he forehead . his shotgun rest beside hin . a large puddle of blood be spread across the floor . Nancy rush down the stair , wailing . she crouch beside Lou 's body , but do not touch it . hank step forward , as if to comfort she . when she see he come , she back toward the family room , sobbing hysterically . hank it 's okay , Nancy . nancy ( shaking she head ) we gotta call -- she spin , start into the family room , but hank grab she arm . hank wait . we have to decide what -- Nancy scream , yank she arm free . she turn on he in a frenzy , crying , she word unintelligible . hank make a quieting gesture with he hand . Jacob step through the door , look daze , clenching he rifle . hank ( cont would ) Nancy . you can still have he share . Nancy flinch , shocked into momentary silence . then : nancy you bastard . ( continued ) 85 74 . continued : 85 hank shhh -- he make another quieting motion , but she start toward he , she fist clench , she face distort with rage . hank back away . nancy you think I be go to let you keep the money ? you fuck -- hank retreat across the entranceway . Nancy pursue he . as she pass Lou 's corpse , she stumble against the shotgun , kick it across the tile . they all stare down at it . there 's a pause , then Nancy stoops , pick up the gun , pump it . hank lunge forward , grab for the barre ] . they struggle , ana hank rip the gun from she hand . Nancy fall backward , trip down the step into the live room , landing on she rear end . shrieking , she lift she am to protect herself , think hank 's about to shoot she . hank it 's okay . I be not -- he crouch to lay the gun down . Nancy scramble to she foot , begin back into the live toom , still shrieking . hank ( cont would ) shhh , Nancy . please . hank start after she , the gun in he hand . Nancy turn to run . there 's a doorway in the back corner of the room , lead to the kitchen , and she head straight for it , knock over a end table in she flight . hank ( cont would ) waitt he sprint after she , into -- lou' kitchen , 86 the room be dark , illuminate only by the light filter in from the family room . Nancy be barely visible at the rear of the room ; we hear she yanking open a drawer , scramble inside , thing fall to the floor . hank stop on the threshold . bank ( cont would ) I just want to talk , okay ? he reach to he right , fumble for the light switch . at the exact moment the light go on , Nancy spin toward we , a pistol ( continued ) 86 8 ? 89 98 75 . continued : 86 in she hand . she fire , and the bullet slam into the wall to hank 's leave . hank scramble out of the doorway , back into -- lou' family room 87 Nancy fire again . the bullet come through the doorway , thud into the couch . hank rush backward , not watch where he 's go : he stumble into the overturn table , fall onto he back just as Nancy appear . she aim she pistol at he , but before she can shoot , he fire the shotgun from the floor . the blast hit she in the chest , knock she back into the kitchen . a long , eerie beat of silence , then hank struggle to he foot . he 's start hesitantly toward the kitchen when he hear — - jacob ( terrify ) Bank ..? -- and jump , spin to aim the gun at Jacob , who 's still stand in the front doorway . Jacob cower . hank hold the gun on he for a moment , try to find he bearing . then he pump the shotgun , swing it a few inch to the right , fire into the wall . he shoot the ceiling , the armchair , the coffee table , Jacob flinching at every 's shot . int . lou' kitchen 88 Nancy lie crumpled against the refrigerator , she chest a mess of blood , she head cocked at a odd angle . hank examine she from the doorway , a blank look on he face . then he turn and vanish back into the family room . we hold on Nancy , as she blood slowly begin to pool on the surround tile . int . lou' family room - moment later 89 hank stand by the couch , talk on the phone . the coffee table have be obliterate ; the armchair have a giant hole in it . hank ~- at Lou Chambers ' place . out on County Road 27 , just past burnt Road . {a pause ) they be both ... they be both dead . {he feign a sob ) you gotta hurry . please . he set down the phone , he hand noticeably shaking . lou' front entranceway - moment later 98 hank crouch over Lou 's body , plant he print on the gun , set it on the floor . he glance into the family room , which be empty , and a frighten look come over he face . ( continued ) 90 to 16 . continued : 90 hank Jacob ? he rise quickly to he foot . Jacob 's parka be lie on the floor a few yard away . hank step over and pick it up . hank ( cont would ) ( yell ) Jacob ? after a beat , we hear , very faintly , a gasp sound - ~ like a stifle sob - ~ come from the kitchen . hank step down into the live room , hurry toward the kitchen 's open doorway . int . louss kitchen - night 1 hank pause on the threshold . Nancy still lie in she bloody puddle . hank stare at she , as if he think that she might have be the one to make the gasp sound . there 's no sign of Jacob . hank be just about to turn from the doorway when he stop , peer again at the floor . hank's Pov - the kitchen floor on the far edge of the puddle , we see a man 's bloody bootprint . back to scene hank edge he way around the puddle . there 's a open doorway just beyond Nancy 's body , lead down to the cellar , lose in darkness . hank reach in , flick on the light , revealing : the cellar stair Jacob sit midway down the step , he head in he hand . after a beat , he turn , blink up at we over he shoulder . it 's clear that he 's be cry . hank watch he from the doorway , a worried look on he face . hank what be you do ? Jacob shrug , struggle for a smile , but can not quite make it . jacob hiding . they look at each other for a moment in silence . hank shift the parka from he right arm to he leave . hank you gonna be okay ? ( continued ) — '' 91 77 . continued : 9h Jacob think for a moment , then shake he head . his mouth start to tremble , and he turn away . hank ( cont have ) we can make this work , Jacob . we can -- he start down the step , and Jacob jump up , turn to face he , scared . he shake he head again , slowly at first but then more and more quickly . jacob no ... hank crouch , bring he eye almost level with he brother 's . he make a quieting gesture with he hand . hank shhh. dust listen , all right ? all we gotta say be -- Jacob continue to shake he head , cover he ear . jacob not hank stand up , raise he voice , almost shout : hank stop itl Jacob freeze , startle . hank come down another step , lowering he voice , struggle to sound soothing . bank ( cont have ) I need you to calm down . can you do that for I ? can you calm down and listen to what I have to say ? ( a long pause ; finally Jacob manage a nod ) they be fight , okay ? they be both drunk , and Lou start push Nancy around . when we try to stop he , he go and grab he gun , and Nancy run for she pistol . we sprint out to the truck and get you rifle , but by the time we get back to the house , it be too late . he would already shot she . he be shoot up the whole place , fire into the ceiling , the wall , everything . and when we step into the doorway , he fire at I . the shot go wide , so he pump the gun again and . aim right at my chest ... and that 's when you kill he ... ( more ) ( continued ) ol *92 78 . continued : ( 2 ) 94 hank ( cont would ) {a beat ) you save my life . hank stop , wait for a reaction , but Jacob just stand there . hank ( cont would ) see how simple it be ? ( still no response ; we hear siren approach ) come on , Jacob . say it for I . Jacob remain silent , the siren close . then , hesitantly : jacob they be ... they be fight ... ( he start to cry again ) »..and Lou ... Lou start shoot the wall ... he begin to shake he head again , crying too hard to speak . the siren be close . hank ( coax he ) and what would we do ? we push in on hank , as he try to prod the story out of Jacob , hank ( cont would ) we run out to the truck -- carl ( 0s ) ( interrupt ) you run outside with Jacob ? omit * 92 pull back to reveal : int . sheriff' interrogation room - night 93 hank sit on one side of a table , face the fulton County sheriff , a detective , and Carl . we see a tape recorder spin on the table , several half - empty cup of coffee . the detective be take note . hank hesitates , surprised by the question . when he nod , the detective stop scribbling . carl ( cont would ) because the way Jacob tell it ... {he lean forward , scan the ~ detective 's note ) he go to get he rifle on he own . he say Lou chase you out of the house after he shot Nancy . ( continued ) 93 continued : rank shift in he chair . 78a . ( continued ) 93 93 79 . continued : ( 2 ) 93 Jacob say that ? Carl nod : a long pause , while hank search for a solution . he stare at he foot , crack he knuckle , one after the other . hank ( cont have ) well , I suppose I can see how it might have seem that way to he . another pause . the policeman exchange a look . hank shift in he chair , look right through Carl , strain for a solution . then , slowly : hank ( cont have ) because he do go to the truck alone ... I mean , I follow he , but then when I hear Nancy get shot , I turn back toward the house . I be on the porch when Lou start to come outside , and that 's when I turn to run back down the walk again . ( a pause ) so , I guess that 's how it might have seem to Jacob that I be run out of the house . the detective scribbles more note . Carl study hank . before he can speak , a policeman enter the room , carry a pot of coffee . he leave the door ajar behind he . hank glance out . hank be Pov - out the door Sarah sit in the hallway , the baby in its pouch . she stare blankly in at we , as if she be look at a stranger . back to scene the policeman set down the coffeepot , exit , shutting the door behind he . the sheriff refill everyone 's cup . carl and then ? : hank ( cont would ) then Lou fire at I and miss . he pump the gun to try again . and that 's when Jacob shot he . hank glance from policeman to policeman , fear another challenge . when none arrive , he wave at the tape recorder . hank ( cont would ) I guess you know the rest . ( continued ) w_ se wor he — '' , 93 * o3l *93m *93n 80 . zontinued : ( 3 ) 93 a long pause . then the sheriff nod , shutting off the machine . 't 93a thru 93k - omitted ** ext . orchard - day - on the plane * 9o3t a wind be blow , drift snow across the wreck of the cessna . the crow sit hunch in the sway tree , silent . mrs . trilling ( 0s ) listen to this , clifford -- int . trilling kitchen - day * 95m . a small , meticulously clean room . Mrs. trill sit in she bathrobe , read the paper . her husband be put breakfast on the table . mrs . trilling ( cont would ) -- it say he would be gambling — - she lift the paper to see better , cover she face . we push in on the paper . mrs . trilling ( os cont would ) ~- at the casino in hinkley — - the paper be lower , but it 's no longer Mrs. trill behind it . it 's Linda . linda -- and that they be gonna -- pull back to reveal : int . SMALL town diner - day * 93n Linda sit in a booth , with a sandwich and a cup of coffee in front of she . across from she sit a coworker of Nancy 's , a older woman in curler . linda ( cont would ) -- repossess he truck . coworker you know , he use to hit she . on linda , look both shocked and delighted by this revelation . linda not ( continued ) * 93n continued : I swear it -~ coworker ( os ) soa . *93n * " 935 p 930 '' oo 935 bl . cu - television screen * 95p the coworker be be interview by the female tv reporter . coworker ( cont would ) -- we all know she be head for something like this . ' Cause they have problem go way , way back -- he gambling and drink be not half of it . I remember she come into work once with this big bruise on she cheek , tell we she have walk into a wall . the woman roll she eye in disbelief . coworker ( cont would ) I mean , who would she think she be kid ? pull back to reveal : int . SMALL town bar - wniget * 930 the tv hang above the bar , which be moderately crowded . everyone 's watch the screen , rapt . we see Doug schmitt at the end of the bar . he turn to the man beside he , another , equally old farmer . doug he could get nasty when he drank , know what I mean ? I see he here that last night -- he wave down the bar . the other drinker be turn to hear what he have to say . - int . SMALL town bar ~- night - false flashback * 93r in slight slow motion , Lou bump into the bearded man on the stool , and they begin to argue . doug ( os cont would ) -- nearly take - a guy 's head off — Lou lunge at the bearded man , swinging wildly , shouting curse . they tumble to the floor . Jacob step in and pull Lou off . ext . country cemetery - day * 935 hank and Sarah stand arm -in - arm as Lou 's casket be lower into the ground . they keep glance at Jacob , who 's weep uncontrollably . we see Nancy 's fresh grave , a rectangle of brown dirt in the snow . the priest sprinkle holy water . hank and Jacob both cross themselves . ( continued } 82 . *93 continued : * 93s *93t *93u off to the side the old farmer from the bar and Mrs. trill 's husband , clifford , stand watch , whisper quietly together as the service be complete . farmer ( cont would ) -- Jacob have to manhandle he out of there . clifford shake he head , sadly , watch Jacob toss a shovelful of icy dirt onto he friend 's casket . clifford it 's just such a tragedy , the whole thing . insert - condolence card * 93t a woman 's handwrite : '' we thought be with you in this time of tragedy . fondly , Brent and kara Hill " int . mitchell entranceway - day hank , still dress in he suit from the funeral , be read the card . the hall table be cluttere with gift -- tupperware container full of food , jar of jam , foil - wrap loaf of bread . hank set the card beside they , start up the stair . int . mitchell upstair hall - day * 935 U hank head for the bedroom , loosen he tie . he pause in the doorway . hank's Pov - ' the bedroom the baby be on the bed . Sarah 's change she diaper , but she 's pause to play for a moment . she dip she head to amanda 's , then pull it back , cooing . amanda smile , kick she foot . Sarah glance up , turn toward we , she face blank . finally , after a long moment , she manage a smile . back to scene hank step into the room , move to he bureau . amanda drop she pacifier ; it roll off the bed . as Sarah bend to pick it up , we see the duffel bag still hide beneath the box spring . ** 94 thru 105 - omitted ** int . SMALL town bar - night 166 a Saturday night crowd : loud voice , laughter . the street door open and Jacob enter . he hesitates at the entrance , look lose . people turn to stare , and the bar slowly fall silent . {continued } 106 2a . continued : a long pause . for a moment it appear as if Jacob might turn and flee , but then the bartender beckon he , wave free one of ( continued ) 106 106 187 188 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 106 the barstool . Jacob shuffles forward , take the proffer seat . the bartender place a shot in front of he . bartender on the house , Jacob . Jacob stare at the whiskey , as if he 's not sure what to do with it . everyone in the bar be watch , silent . bartender ( cont would ) come on now , down the hatch . do you good . Jacob lift the shot , downs it . everyone smile ; someone cheer drunkenly . the drinker next to Jacob slap a bill onto the counter , gesture toward Jacob 's glass . drinker next one 's on I . the man give Jacob a sympathetic nod . Jacob glance quickly away . people be crowd around he stool . a woman put she hand on he shoulder . for a moment Jacob look as if he 's about to cry : he face tremble . but then he regains control , lift the shot to he mouth , pour it in . int . mitchell bathroom - night 187 Sarah kneel beside the tub , bathing amanda in a plastic basin . hank be in he pajamas , brush he tooth . we hear a faint pound . hank do not notice , but Sarah lift she head . sarah you hear that ? hank spit into the sink , turn off the faucet . we hear the pound more clearly . hank step to the window , peer outside . hank's Pov - through the window 168 it 's dark out , but we can see Carl 's truck park in the street . 1@7conback to scene 187con hank turn from the window with a frighten expression . it 's Carl . the pounding continue . hank and Sarah hold eye , motionless , amanda splashing in she basin . then hank rush from the room . 84 . 189 mitchell front entranceway - night 189 hank unlock the door , pull it open . Carl stand on the porch , he hat in he hand , he face grave . carl hope I do not wake you , hank . ( he gesture upward ) saw a light on , so I figure -- hank shake he head . hank it 's all right . carl I hate have to do this . ( he sigh , glance back toward he truck ) see , I be drive by Lou Chambers 's place , and I see you brother 's truck park right in the center of the road there , could hardly even squeeze by it . found he inside the house , pass out in a armchair . look like he pop a pane of glass to get in . place be all dark , heat off -- he probably would have freeze to death , if I have not happen by . he pause , as if wait for hank to respond , but hank do not . carl ( cont would ) I would have take he to he apartment , but he be pretty firm about want to come here . hank finally realize what Carl 's say : Jacob 's in the truck . hank no , no , I appreciate it . I mean I be sorry you even have to ... be he gonna be in any trouble ? Carl wave he into silence . carl I know you guy have be have a rough time . just have a talk with he , all right ? ( he turn to lead hank to the truck ) . I will try to keep a tab on he , too . 118 1 int . mitchell guest room - night t1b8 Jacob sit on the bed , a blanket over he shoulder , shiver , he nose run . hank be untying he boot , yanking at the shoestrings , angry . Sarah watch from the doorway . hank what the hell be you think about ? that 's the last place in the world you oughta be . jacob I do not ... I do not mean to . I be just drive and I ... I ... he start , very softly , to cry . he tilt slowly to the side , pull he foot away from hank , and curl into a fetal position on the bed , weeping quietly . hank glance toward Sarah , wave she away . she hesitates a moment , watch Jacob , then leave . hank Jacob -- jacob . ( quiet , from the pillow ) do you ever feel evil ? hank be startle by the question . he think for a moment . hank no. I feel like ... I mean we do not -- jacob {his voice quavering ) I do . I feel evil . he begin to weep in earnest . hank do not know what to do . finally , he reach out , hesitantly , and pat Jacob 's arm . hank shhh , now . shhh , Jacob . he glance toward the empty doorway . int . mitchell bedroom -—- niget my Sarah be lie on she side in bed , seemingly asleep . hank enter , creep toward the bed . as he slip beneath the cover : . sarab we should probably have he over more . ( continued ) lil 112 86 . continued : 111 hank hesitates , surprised that she 's awake . then he settles in behind she . he 's just reach out to touch she when -- sarah ( cont would ) if he 's gotta drink , I would rather he do it here than somewhere else . -- and he stop . hank he will be all right . he 's just -- sarah ( roll to face he ) you and I can help each other through this , hank . he do not have anybody . from she crib across the room , amanda begin to cry . hank meaning ? sarah you should keep a eye on he , that 's all . she start for the crib , leave hank lie there on he side . ext . lou' house - day 112 there 's a " for sale " sign in the yard ; the place look even more dilapidate than before . Jacob 's truck sit in the center of the road . hank 's car approach , stop behind it . int . hank's car - day hank put the car in park , wait for Jacob to climb out , but Jacob do not move . he stare off at the house , then out at he truck , think . when he finally speak , he voice be quiet . jacob maybe I can get a family of my own now . ( a pause ; he turn to hank ) I mean , with the money and all . he appear to expect a response from hank , but hank just watch he , mute , Jacob continue , he voice suddenly irresolute . jacob ( cont ‘’d ) do not you think somebody will marry I if I be rich ? Bank start to smile , but then realize how serious Jacob be . ( continued } 87 . 112 continued : 112 hank you do not need the money for that . Jacob give he a know look , not believe hank mean this . hank ( cont would ) what about carrie Richards ? do not she like you without the money ? Jacob shake he head , smile grimly . jacob her friend all chip in and bet she a hundred buck she would not go steady with I for a month . hank {with sympathy ) Jesus , Jacob . jacob : it be not that bad . I mean , we never kiss or touch or anything like that , but we walk around a lot together , and talk , and when the month be up she still stop to say hello when we pass in the hall , which she do not have to do . ( a pause ) I '' thirty - three , hank , and I have never even kiss a woman . if be rich will change that , then fine . I do not care if it 's just for the money . they fall silent : a awkward moment which Jacob finally break by push open he door . he turn back before he climb out , though , he voice like a child 's , full of uncertainty . jacob ( cont would ) I be gonna be happy now , be not I ? hank only hesitates for a second . then he manage a nod . . hank sure you be . we all be . Jacob nod , too , stare off down the road , pursue a vision . jacob I '' gonna buy the farm , and marry someone nice , and have lot of kid , and you and Sarah and amanda will come visit , and we will stay up late drink on the porch just like dad and uncle Ted use to . ( continued ) 112 nas 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 112 hank glance away , a pain look on he face . Jacob do not notice : he climb out , push shut the door behind he . hank's Pov - jacob Jacob shuffles to he truck . he start to scrape he windshield with he glove , then glance up to see why hank have not leave yet . he stare for a moment , then give a little wave . cu ~ eank tear glisten in he eye . he raise he hand , hold it up toward Jacob . then he pulis away . int . SMALL town barbershop - day ws hank sit in the barber 's chair , a old , bald - head barber trimming he hair . hank 's eye be shut , the scissors move quickly about he head . the door squeak open . the barber nod to the new arrival , but hank do not open he eye . carl ( 0s ) he nod off on you , Jack ? the barber smile , but do not answer . hank 's eye flick open . hank's Pov =< in the mirror Carl be stand behind the chair , grin , examine hank 's hair . he cluck he tongue . carl ( cont have ) get a little thin up top there , hank . back to scene hank reach to touch he scalp , but the barber bat he hand away . Carl chuckle . hank ( smile ) do not you have any crime to solve ? carl maybe . think you could track down Jacob , bring he by my office tomorrow afternoon ? he move to the counter , lift the lid on a glass jar full of lollipop . hank start to twist he head to follow he , but the barber will not let he . hank why 's that ? ( continued ) 89 . 113 continued : 113 114 ws carl man from the FBI 's gonna be drive through , think you two might be able to help he out . hank start to turn he head again , and again the barber stop he . Carl find the flavor he 's look for , unwrap it , stick it in he mouth , turn toward hank with a smile . carl ( cont would ) seem they be look for a miss plane . int . SMALL town bar -— day 1t4 hank sit across from Jacob in a booth . Jacob be sip at a beer , four empty at he elbow ; he 's a little drunk . hank have a cup of coffee . the place be empty except for the bartender dusting the bottle behind the bar . jacob ( just above a whisper ) -- and then when we hear it crash -~ . hank ( impatient ) we do not hear it crash , Jacob . we hear a engine , that 's it . for all we know it could have be a snowmobile . jacob but -- hank jump up , throw some bilis onto the table . hank come on . you have have enough . he grab Jacob 's parka , pull he out of the booth . Jacob rise obediently . he reach to take he beer , but hank will not let he ; he drag he toward the door . the bartender turn to watch they go . ext . SMALL town MAIN ST . - day v5 hank and Jacob exit the bar , Jacob blink at the sunlight . down the street , a old man be unload firewood from the rear of a pickup . hank and Jacob start down the sidewalk . hank it 's really not that difficult . we go in , you say -- ( continued ) 115 90 . ccntinued : 115 Jacob start shaking he head , and hank stop , turn to face he , furious . hank ( cont would ) all you have to do be think ! just use you head for once in you life . jacob ( snap back ) why would you have to kill pederson ? if you would -- hank shove he brother , knock he back a step . hank what the fuck do that have to do with anything ? jacob ( shove back ) none of this would be happen if -- Jacob slip as he push at hank , fall to he knee . hank lean down , speak right into he face : hank ( loud ) who hit he in the first place , huh ? every step of the way you be the one who 's push we into trouble , and I be the one who 's drag we back out . Jacob lower he eye , silence . a beat , then he struggle to rise . hank step back , glance up and down the street . hank's Pov - down the street the old man with the firewood be peer toward we . he wait a moment , then return to he unload . back to scene Jacob brushes snow from he knee . hank lower he voice . hank ( cont would ) if we stick to we story , we will skate right through this , all right ? I promise . he take Jacob 's elbow , start to lead he away , and we hear , very loud , a baby begin to cry . this carry over into -- 91 . int . mitchell bedroom - night 116 Sarah pace across the room , try to quiet the wailing baby . hank be change from he work clothes , but he 's so nervous that he keep start a new task -- untying he shoe , unbuttone he shirt -- before finish the last . '' hank maybe we should leave . just take the money , the baby -- sarah stop it , hank . she drop amanda to the bed , check she diaper , then refasten it . she sit beside hank , try to force a breast on the baby . amanda twist away , scream . hank stand up , begin to pace . , SARA ( cont would ) ~ you go in , see what he know . if it look bad , we can always burn the money . that 's still we only real tie to -- hank : the connection be just under the surface , Sarah . it would not be that hard for thing to come together . there 's the plane and pederson , there 's Lou and Nancy and -- Sarah grab he as he pass before she . with one hand she hold the scream baby , with the other she grip hank 's wrist . sarah you have get to remember how people see you . you be just a normal guy . a nice , sweet , normal guy . no one would ever believe that you would be capable of do what you have do . hank pull himself free , walk to the window . behind he , Sarah continue to jiggle the shrieking infant . hank shut he eye , rest he fingertip against the glass , press till they grow white . then he spin back toward Sarah -- . hank Christ ! can not you shut she up ? they lock eye for a moment , then hank stride from the room . sarah hank ? hank ! we hear he pound downstairs , wrench open the front door , slam it shut behind he . Sarah rise , carry amanda to the window . 92 . 116a sarah' Pov - out the window - night 116a 117 118 hank be stand with he back to we at the curb , wear just he pants and a T-shirt . ext . mitchell house - night 17 push in on hank , fist clench at he side , eye shut . he take a deep breath , steaming the air , then another , then ... fade to black fade in on : ext . SMALL town MAIN ST . - day 118 it 's late afternoon , snow heavily . the street be empty , but light shine in several window , include Carl 's office . int . carl office - day 119 hank , Jacob and neal baxter sit before Carl 's desk . baxter be a large , crewcut man , dress in a suit and trench coat . Carl be behind he desk . his office be - neat and spare - ~a filing cabinet , a nearly empty bookshelf , a gun cabinet on the wall . hank it be snow pretty hard , so we be not really sure , but it sound like a engine cough on and off . we pull over to listen , but we do not hear anything more -- no crash , no engine , nothing . he watch baxter write this down . when baxter finish , he shut he notebook , then glance from brother to brother . Jacob shift uncomfortably in he seat , make it creak . carl anything to add , Jacob ? jacob it be probably just a snowmobile . another moment pass in silence , while baxter continue to examine they . then he nod at Carl . he rise to he foot , slide he notebook into he jacket . Carl stand up , too . carl well , thanks for stop by , boy . hank and Jacob both rise quickly , elate to be let off so easily . Jacob even sneak a grin at he brother as they start to move toward the door . but then , just before they escape : ( continued } 93 . 119 continued : 119 . baxter think you could take we out there ? rank and Jacob look apprehensively back at baxter . jacob to the nature preserve ? baxter have to go in the morning , I guess . after the storm pass . hank ( to baxter ) can you tell we what 's go on ? 128 int . mitchell kitchen - dusk 128 hank have just come home . he 's still wear he overcoat , snow melting on he shoulder . Sarah be wash lettuce at the sink . ' sarah there 's no way it 's from a armored car robbery . hank this be not a guess , Sarah . the guy from the FBI tell I where it 's from . sarah but it do not make sense . the kidnap make sense . hank bhe 's search for a plane full of money . . you can not tell I there 's more than one of that around here . hank pull a bottle of beer from the refrigerator . the stove 's timer buzy . Sarah open the oven , check inside . we see a roast chicken , not quite do . she reset the timer . sarah it 's hundred dollar bill , hank . if it be a armored car , there would be other denomination . there would be fifty and twenty and ten . hank twist the cap off he beer , flip it into the sink . hank well congratulation , Sarah . I guess you know more than the FBI . ( continued ) 120 121 122 94 . continued : 120 Sarah start to respond , but then stop , think , as hank head into the hall . she wait a beat , then rush after he . mitchell front entranceway - dusk 121 hank be hang he overcoat in the hall closet . Sarah come toward he from the kitchen . sarah do he show you he badge ? bank why would he show I he badge ? Sarah bolt up the stair without answer . hank stand there a moment , exasperate , then trudge slowly after she . int . mitchell bedroom - dusk . 122 hank enter . Sarah be digging through she bureau 's top drawer . as hank sit on the bed and start to remove he shoe , she turn , excited , the article about the kidnap in she hand . sarae : it 's he , be not it ? the older one , Vernon . ( she hand he the article ) he 's look for he brother . we see the kidnapper 's photograph : he do resemble baxter a bit , though not much . hank shake he head . hank the guy I meet today be skinnier . he have a crew cut and no beard . . sarah maybe he 's lose weight . maybe he cut he hair and shave he beard . hank continue to stare at the article . they be both grow impatient with each other ; they response be quick , sharp . hank he would not be come around like this ; it 's too big a risk . sarah you be tell I that if Jacob take off in a plane and disappear with all the money , you would not try to find he ? - {a pause ) think what we have already do to keep it . ( more } ( continued ) 95 . 122 continued : 122 sarah ( cont would ) what he 's do be nothing compare to that . hank drop the article onto the bed . hank it do not really make a difference , do it ? no matter who he be , I still have to take he to the plane . sarah if we think it 's he , you should not go . hank why not ? sarah he will shoot all three of you , hank . as soon as he see the plane . that 's why he want you to go , so he can eliminate the witness . hank but if he 's really from the FBI , it will look suspicious if I do not help . as he watch Sarah search for a response , we hear the stove 's timer go off . it go on and on , but neither of they react . 123 . int . mitchell kitchen - night 123 hank and Sarah sit at the table . Sarah be serve the chicken , which be noticeably burnt . she start to eat , set aside the burnt part . hank watch she , ignore he own food . he 's tense , overwrought . SARA I will call the FBI in the morning . i'11 ask for a agent baxter . hank I be meeting they at nine . they will not be open before that . . sarah you can stall they for a bit . i'11 call from here , then call you at Carl 's office . hank and if there 's no agent baxter ? sarah then you will not go . you 'li tell Carl that the baby 's sick and you have to come home . {continued } 96 . 123 continued : 123 hank and Jacob ? sarah say he 's hungover . Carl will believe that . ( sprinkle salt on she food ) no matter who this guy be , we do not want Jacob there . hank start to protest , but Sarah jump on he before he can . sarah what do you want , hank ? you wanna just walk out there and get shot by this guy ? I be try to come up with a plan -- hank ( out of control ) a plan ? like the one to take the money back to the plane , and we wind up kill pederson ? or the one to tape Lou and two more , people end up die ? that the sort of plan you be think of ? a long , strain beat of silence . then , with sudden resolution : hank ( cont would ) I be gonna take the money back to the plane . ( a bewilder look from Sarah ) the snow will cover my track . by the time -- sarab hank -- hank stand up abruptly , nearly knock over he chair . he head toward the hall , leave he food untouched behind he . hank if we put it back , everything will be just like it use to be . for a moment , Sarah be too astonished to react . then she jump up and start after he . sarah ( furious ) that 's what you think you want ? 124 int . mitchell front entranceway - night 124 hank be climb the stair . Sarah come down the hall from the kitchen , yelling at he . ( continued ) 124 continued : sarah ( cont no ) walk off to the feedstore every morning for the next thirty year ? wait for Tom butler to retire or die so you can finally get a raise ? 97 . 124 she stop at the foot of the stair . hank have vanish up they , but she keep shout after he . sarah ( cont would ) , come home each evening to this cheap , ugly house , with the basement flooding every spring , the furnace break down twice a year , that disgusting yellow tile on the kitchen floor ? be that all it will take to make you happy ? Bank reappear at the top of the stair . he start down then , drag the duffel bag behind he . sarah ( cont would ) what about amanda ? you think she 's gonna like grow up in somebody else 's hand - I - down clothes ? play with other kid 's old toy because we can never afford to buy she anything new ? hank reach the bottom of the stair , turn to Sarah , a pain look on he face , hank Sarah -- Sarah keep go , ignore he . sarah and I ? you think I want to spend the rest of my life stamp due date on book ? eight hour a day with a fake smile plaster on my face , then home to cook dinner for you , the same meal over and over , casserole and macaroni and meatloaf , whatever the week 's coupon allow , only splurging for a restaurant on birthdays or anniversary , and even then watch what we order , skip the appetizer , wait till we get home for dessert ? you think that 's what I want ? hank reach toward she , sounding scared suddenly . hank that 's enough . you have make you -- _ ( continued ) 124 *125 * 126 al27 127 98 . continued : ( 2 ) 124 Sarah shake she head , pull away from he touch . sarah no . we have not do Jacob yet . what about he ? back to the welfare office , the occasional odd job , but without Lou to fill the dead - time now , just himself and he dog ail alone in that dirty apartment . how leng do you give he , hank ? a year ? how long till he take out that rifle of he , stick it in he mouth and -- hank stop it ! a beat of silence . hank look at Sarah as if she 's just stab he in the chest . Sarah remain wrap within she fury . from outside , we hear the wind buffete the house . sarah ( with venomous disgust ) sound wonderful , do not it ? everything just like it use to be . she grab the bag , start to drag it back upstairs , leave hank all alone in the hall . we hold on he , stare dully after she , while outside , the storm continue to rage . omit " 125 , omit " 126 ext . SMALL town MAIN ST . - day r127 it 's bright , clear , with fresh snow everywhere . we see hank come down the street from he house . he climb the step to the town hall , disappear inside . int . carl office - day 127 hank sit in front of Carl 's desk , he hat in he hand . Carl be at he filing cabinet , fiddling with a coffee maker . he turn , hand hank a steaming cup , then sit behind he desk . carl well , if Jacob can not make it , that will just leave more of Linda 's homemade breakfast treat to go around . he extend a greasy brown paper bag across the desk toward hank . ( continued ) 98a. 127 continued : 127 carl ( cont would ) her special creation : a dietetic deep - fry donut - ~ so inedible , you will not be able to get enough down to be bad for you . ( continued ) 99 . 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 hank gingerly take one of the donut , then hold it out to he side . it 's obvious he would prefer not to taste it . Carl take one for himself , bite into it , chew vigorously , smile at hank . hank glance at the phone , then he watch . it 's 9:03 . hank ( feign indifference ) this guy show you a badge or anything ? carl a badge ? hank I always wonder if they look like they do in the movie . carl and how 's that ? hank you know , bright and silver with the big F - b- I stamp across the center . carl sure they do . hank you see he ? carl ( shaking he head ) no , but I have see they before . ( he wink at hank , nod out the window ) Bet he would show it to you if you ask he . *1278 hank's Pov - out the window * 1278 agent baxter be just exite from he car , look somber . + 1278 back to scene , 1278 Carl grin mischievously at hank . carl he might even let you hold he gun , too . if you ask real nice . ( he start to chuckle ) then later I '11 give you a ride in the truck , and flash the light for you . hank grin , embarrassed . he open he mouth to respond , but the phone ring , interrupt he . Carl pick it up . ( continued ) 100 . *l27bcontinued : * 1273 carl ( cont would ) Police Department . ( @ pause ; he smile at hank ) yes , ma'am . he 's sit right across from I , try to figure out how to avoid eat one of my wife 's homemade donut . {a pause ; he laugh ) well , why do not you tell he that yourself ? ( another pause ) all right then . you take care . ( hand the phone to hank ) you wife . hank take the phone . hey , honey . sarah' voice it 's he . you gotta get out of there . hank be silent , take this in . he glance across the desk at Carl , who 's open a newspaper and be busily read the comic . bank I be stay , Sarah . sarah' voice what do you mean , you be stay ? we agree - ~ hank . ; ( turn away , whisper ) what about cari ? a long pause while Sarah try to solve this oversight . then : sarah' voice tell Carl ... tell he to give the guy direction , that you two will meet he there , and then ... and then ... she trail off , at a loss . hank watch Carl nibble he donut . baxter ( 0s ) everybody ready to roll ? hank jump in he chair , turn . hank be Pov - office doorway baxter lean in the door . his jacket hang open , and we see he shoulder holster beneath it , hold a large black pistol . ( continued ) 102 . *127bcontinued : ( 2 ) * 1273 *128 * 129 * 138 13t 132 133 baxter where 's you brother ? carl Jacob will not be join we today . seem like he tie one on last night . hank watch baxter for a reaction , but baxter appear unmove . chuckling , Carl lead they out . hank start to follow , but then turn back to set he uneaten donut on the edge of Carl 's desk . he hesitates , glance at the paperweight , then take off he hat , set it beside the donut , and turn to leave . omit * 128 omit * 129 omit * 138 ext . town hall - day 131 Carl and baxter stand by Carl 's truck , watch hank approach down the step . hank stop , reach up , touch he head . hank damn . ( he glance over he shoulder ) Left my hat in you office . Carl wave he back up the step . int . carl office - day 132 hank move quickly to Carl 's desk . he take the key from beneath the paperweight , unlock the gun cabinet , grab a pistol . he re-lock the door , return the key to its hide place , and start to leave , but then stop to see if the gun be load . it 's not . he move to Carl 's desk , yanking open the drawer . he find several box of bullet in the bottom drawer , all different . size . he try one , but it do not fit . we hear a horn honk . hank jump , glance out the window . hank's Pov - out the window 133 Carl 's truck be park at the curb , engine run . 132conback to scene 132 con hank grab several of each type of bullet . he jam the pistol into he waistband , pick up he hat , and run for the door . a 134 102a . int . mitchell bedroom - day Sarah be stare out the window . the baby be on she hip , scream . Sarah jiggle she absentmindedly , she face tense . 134 revised 1/19/98 GREEN I of a 1348 sarah' Pov - out the window 134a Carl 's truck be park before the town hall , engine run . after a moment , hank emerge from the building , run down the step , climb inside . then the truck drive off . 134conback to scene . 134 con * aiss 135 136 Sarah step to the phone , snatch it up , dial , listen . sarah Jacob ? ext . country road ~ day * a13 the truck be move through farm country . int . carl ‘s police bronco - moving - day 135 Carl be drive . baxter sit in the middle with hank on he right . carl this guy 's body 's go numb , the wind whipping through the front of he jacket . so he pulis over , climb off he motorcycle , and turn he jacket around . smart , right ? that way the wind will not be able to come through the front as he drive . but then , a few mile up the road , he hit some ice . the bike start to slip out from under he and he jacket 's too tight for he to regain control . he shoot right off the road , smack into a tree . Carl smack the wheel , and hank jump . he 's sweat ; he keep push at the gun beneath he coat , not listen at all . carl ( cont would ) by the time I arrive , a big crowd 's already gather . when I ask what happen , this gay from Wisconsin step forward and say , ' he be doin ' fine when we first show up . but then we twisted he head back around for he , and he just up and die on we . ' baxter laugh heartily , slap he knee . it 's obvious hank have not hear a word , but he force a laugh for Carl 's benefit . ext . edge of wood - day 136 Carl 's truck pull over , and the three man climb out . hank continue to push at the gun beneath he jacket , glance nervously at baxter . ( continued ) 136 104 . continued : 136 carl I figure the best way be for each of we to take a different section of the wood . ( to baxter ) if you or I see it , we will fire a couple shot into the -- we hear a car approach , and all three man turn to look . hank be Pov = down the road Jacob 's truck be approach we , fast . carl ( os cont have ) well , good for Jacob . this will make thing go quick . back to scene hank watch , try to hide he anger , as Jacob skid to a stop behind Carl 's truck . he push open the door , he dog jump out behind he . carl ( cont no ) ( call to Jacob ) bring you riflet Carl take a silver whistle out of he pocket , hand it to hank . carl ( cont have ) you will have to use this . blow on it loud as you can if you find anything , and we will come run . all right ? hank nod , frown at Jacob , who 's lumber toward they now . Jacob hesitates wnon he notice hank 's obvious disappointment . he raise he eyebrow , question . hank ( with a edge ) think you be not feel up to this . . jacob ( flustered ) Sarah say you want ... he trail off , unsure how to proceed . he glance from hank to Carl to baxter , everyone watch he , then shrug , mumbling : jacob ( cont would ) once I get up , I feel a little better . ( continued ) 136 137 138 139 148 141 142 145 105 . continued : ( 2 ) 136 carl that 's the spirit . Fresh air all do you good . ( to the other ) everybody set ? hank step decisively forward . hank I will take the center . he point into the wood , straight toward the plane . ext . wood ~- day 137 hank trudge through the snow , weaving between the tree . the other three man be nowhere in sight . he stop , stare . hank's Pov - down into the orchard 138 from the rim , we see the plane , nearly hide by the fresh snow . the crow still cling to the branch of the apple tree . ext . orchard - day . 139 hank move through the orchard . as he 's pass the plane , we hear a crunching sound beneath he boot . he stop , turn to see what he 's step on . it 's Lou 's beer can , crush now , and half - cover with snow . hank grin , bend to pick it up . then he start jauntily up the slope , not look back . ext . wood - further in - day 148 hank glance around to make sure he 's alone , then heave the beer can into the wood . as it smack into a tree trunk , we hear a gunshot . hank jump . ext . wood - baxter 141 a second shot echoe through the tree . baxter stop , listen . ext . wood - jacob 142 Jacob , panting , sweaty , stand listen . we hear another shot , sounding farther away here than with the other man , and Jacob begin , slowly , to trudge through the snow toward the orchard . ext . wood - hank 143 hank be motionless , listen . ( continued ) 143 144 45 106 . continued : 143 carl ( 0s ) ( from a distance ) I find it ! hank start to sprint back through the tree toward the orchard . ext . wood - baxter 144 baxter be walk quickly toward the orchard . suddenly we hear the sound of a whistle be blow . and then : hank ( 0s ) Carl ! baxter stop , listen , perplex . the whistle blow again . ext . orchard - day 145 Carl be on the slope above the orchard , a huge grin on he face . he 's come around from the east , and be face the tail of the plane . hank 's track cut straight across the orchard , from leave to right . as Carl slide he pistol into he holster , he pause , listen . we hear the whistle . then : hank ( os cont have ) run , Carl ! Carl squint off into the wood , bewilder . ext . wood - hank hank run through the wood , blow on the whistle . he reach the rim of the orchard , and pause , out of breath . hank's Pov - the orchard Carl stand a few yard from the plane , stare toward we . behind he , we see baxter move slowly down into the orchard . back to scene hank get out of there , Carl ! run ! hank start down into the orchard . Carl do not seem to hear he . he smile up at hank , point at the plane . carl you walk right by it ! baxter be almost upon he now , glance from the plane to Carl to hank . he seem confuse . ( continued ) 145 146 107 . continued : 145 hank pull you gun on he ! make he show you he badget baxter and Carl glance at each other . baxter grin awkwardly , shaking he head . Carl chuckle . hank be fumble with he coat , try to get at the gun , which have slip down into he crotch . his finger be clumsy with he glove on , though , and he can not get anything open . finally he just point at baxter . hank ( cont have ) get you hand in the air ! baxter and Carl laugh . hank continue toward they , walk awkwardly because of the pistol . carl what the hell 's go on , hank ? - hank just do it , Carl . make he show you he badge . Carl turn to baxter , shrugging and smile , as if in apology . carl maybe you should show he you badge . baxter _ ( shrugging ) all right . he reach into he jacket . Carl turn back toward hank . carl see , hank ? he 's gonna -- behind he , we see baxter pull he pistol from its holster . he aim it at the back of Carl 's head . ext . wood - jacob 146 Jacob lean against a tree trunk , try to catch he breath . hank ( os ) ( very far away ) carl ! we bear a gunshot , and then , faintly , the crow cawing . Jacob 's face show a sudden look of terror . . 147 148 Rev. 2/12/98 goldenrod 108. ext . orchard - day 147 baxter aim he pistol at hank 's chest . Carl 's body lie at they foot , he blood steaming the air . baxter where 's my money ? hank , struggle for breath , feign bewilderment . hank I do not -~- baxter lash out at he with he pistol : a Savage , back - hand blow to the side of he face , knock hank backward . hank touch he cheek . his hand come away bloody . when he glance at baxter again , he find the pistol aim at he head , its hammer cocked . hank wave toward the plane . hank ( cont would ) it 's still in there . baxter glance down at the gun on Carl 's belt , then up at hank . baxter then go get it . hank do not move . baxter quickly scan the orchard 's rim , then wave toward the plane with he gun . baxter ( cont would ) come on . before you brother get here . hank start toward the plane . he have to tug the door several time to get it open , rock the plane , once again freeing it of its cover of snow . take a deep breath , he slip inside . int . plane ~- moment later 148 hank crouch behind the pilot 's seat . the garbage bag full of money sit at he foot . he have the gun out , and be digging into he pants for the bullet . baxter ( 0s ) hey ! hank 's hand be shaking , and the bullet spill out onto the floor , bounce away from he . he pick some up , try to shove they into he pistol , but none of they fit . suddenly , baxter fire twice into the side of the plane . hank flinch , drop he pistol , ets punch a pair jax ( continued ) rev , 2/12/38 goldenrod 109 . 148a * continued : 148 ax 148b * 149 hole in the fuselage above the melon -shape tear , so that the light shine in form a semblance of a smile face . hank ( pick up he pistol ) 148 be . okay , okay ! I have get itt still struggle with the bullet , he start toward the door . ext . orchard hank squeeze through the doorway , hold the garbage bag out before he . baxter step forward and grab it . close on baxter 149 as he open the bag , stare inside at the packet . baxter that 's it ? {he look up ) where the fuck be the r-- he freeze . baxter be Pov ~ hank hank stand there , drench with sweat , point he pistol at we . his wound be leak a line of blood down he face . back to scene baxter watch hank . after a moment , he smile . baxter you be not the cold - blooded type , be you , Mr. Mitchell ? ( silence , but baxter 's satisfied ) then I guess we be both go to have a awful lot of explain to do Dow , huh ? hank 's face be wet ; it 's hard to tell whether from sweat or tear . he wipe at it , then shake he head bleakly . hank just I . he shoot baxter between the eye . a instant after the gunshot : ~ jacob ( 0s ) hank ! ( continued ) 149 110 . continued : 149 Jacob have arrive on the rim of the orchard . hank watch he come stumbling down the slope , he dog barking at he heel . the crow be whirling and cawing . Jacob be red in the face , panicky . he stare from baxter to Carl . hank it 's okay , Jacob . Jacob move toward Carl 's body , as if in a trance . jacob you kill ... hank shake he head , point at baxter . hank he do . Jacob fall to he knee beside Carl , reach toward he . # ank step quickly forward . hank ( cont have ) do not . Jacob ignore he , take Carl 's hand . hank ( cont would ) ( grow angry ) you be gonna mess it up . hank grab he brother by he jacket , drag he backward . Jacob fall on he rear end in the snow , then just sit there , too upset to move . hank examine Carl 's body , make sure Jacob have not disturb it . then he turn back toward Jacob . hank ( cont would ) you understand what we be gonna say ? Jacob do not respond . hank step toward he . hank ( cont have ) it 's simple . {he hold up he pistol ) we be gonna tell they Carl loan I the pistol to signal if I find the plane , and when I see baxter shoot he , I - ~ Jacob lift he head . his face be wet with tear . he rise to he foot , he rifle slip off he shoulder into the snow . he give hank a desolate look . - jacob we can not , hank . ( continued ) lll . 142 continued : ( 2 ) 149 hank what be you talk about ? ( he wave around they ) it 's perfect . this be exactly what -- jacob I be turn myself in . hank be speechless with shock . he look from Jacob , to the two body , to the plane , search for something to say . then : hank you can not do this again . we be gonna end up in jail if you keep -- Jacob be look at Carl 's corpse , he face quivering . jacob no ... he turn quickly away , cover he eye with he hand . hank step forward , panic surging through he voice . bank . this be it . I promise . we get through the next few hour -- jacob ( on the edge of tear ) I can not ... I can not ... he take a deep , rag breath . hank grab he arm , frantic . hank you want to be happy , Jacob ? you want the farm , a wife and kid , I and you drink on the porch late at night ? Jacob stare at he vacantly . hank shake he arm , shout : hank ( cont would ) do you ? ( seemingly against he will , Jacob nod ) well this be how you get it . right here . right now . he start to drag Jacob from the plane , past Carl 's body . the heat of Carl 's blood have begin to melt the surround snow . hank ( cont have ) this be what it cost -- ( continued ) 112 . 149 continued : ( 3 ) 149 after a few foot , Jacob pull he arm away . he turn to hank , suddenly intense , point toward baxter . jacob use he gun . hank give he a stupefy look . Jacob shuffles to baxter 's body , pick up the dead man 's pistol , hold it out to hank . hank hesitates , then take it . Jacob nod he approval . jacob ( cont would ) I do not wanna go to jail , hank . hank seem relieved by this word . hank you do not have to . we be gonna -- Jacob shake he head . jacob I can not pretend like you ... ( a pause ) do it in the head , okay ? / hank stand freeze : confuse , frighten , the gun in he hand . stop it . jacob from behind , so I do not have to see . hank stop it ! they face each other in silence . Jacob 's dog stand by Carl 's corpse , ear cocked , watch . Jacob hold out he hand . jacob here . he step forward , reach to take back the gun . hank retreat , scared . Jacob shuffles to Carl 's corpse , crouch , remove the policeman 's gun from its holster . then he stand , face hank . hank goddammit . we do not have time for this . Jacob stare down at the pistol in he hand , struggle to think thing through . he look up at he brother . ( continued ) 113. 149 continued : ( 4 ) 149 jacob you have to ... ( he point toward baxter 's pistol ) it will not make sense if I - - ~ his dog rub against he leg , distracting he . he stare down at she for a beat , then stoops to pet she . he hug she roughly , kiss the top of she head . hank Jacob . Jacob push the dog away , rise , lift Carl 's pistol . for a instant it look as if he 's go to aim it at hank , but then he press it to he own temple . hank ( cont would ) ( horrify ) Jacob ! jacob it 's okay . hank raise baxter 's pistol , point it at he brother . hank put the gun down . Jacob nod , encourage he . jacob do it , hank . hank shake he head , he face anguish . hank no ... tear be start to . leak down hank 's cheek . Jacob cock the pistol 's hammer with he thumb . hank take a single step toward he , but Jacob back away . jacob you have to ... hank keep shaking he head . finally , Jacob shut he eye , he face tightening in anticipation of the bullet 's impact . we see he finger begin to squeeze the trigger . hank ( cont would ) nol ( continued ) 149 158 1 114 . continued : ( 5 ) 149 a gunshot echoe out across the orchard , and Jacob crumple into the snow . for a instant we should not be sure who fire the shot . then we see the bullet hole , in the exact center of Jacob 's forehead . high angle shot hank be surround by the three corpse , the pistol still hold out before he . he slowly drop to he knee , then lift he head and let loose with a long wail of pure despair . behind he , the plane shine in the sun . Mary Beth bark frantically , while the crow whirl above the tree , cawing . time lapse dissolve to : orchard - same high angle shot - later 158 the trio of dead man be cover with blanket . policeman mill about the orchard . one of they videotape the plane , another photograph the body . a news cameraman be try to approach the scene , but the police will not let he . a ambulance crew stand wait for the photographer to finish with the corpse . on the orchard 's edge , we see hank talk to a group of policeman . CUT to : hank as two man , dress in identical overcoat , approach he from behind . they be special Agents renkins and fremont . fremont have the plastic bag full of money . renkins Mr. Mitchell ? hank turn to find renkins hold he badge toward he . it 's bright and silver with a big f~b- I stamp in the center . renkins mind if we have a word with you ? int . carl office - later 151 renkins be seat behind Carl 's desk , watch hank , who sit across from he . fremont stand peer in at the gun cabinet . the garbage bag full of money and the pistol hank steal earlier that morning sit on the desk , alongside a run tape recorder . fremont oturn from the cabinet ) you know , Mr. Mitchell , for someone who 's ( more ) ( continued ) 115 . 151 continued : 151 fremont ( cont would ) be properly train , there be many way to detect a liar . there 's a dark red gash across hank 's cheek , but the wound have stop bleed . he give fremont a frighten look . hank I do not -- fremont the shifty eye of pulp fiction have a certain basis in fact . a wooden or stilted tone , gesture that seem either slightly robotic or unnecessarily expansive -- renkins nod in agreement , join in . renkins detail tend to be vague , slippery . sometimes the suspect will cover he mouth with he hand as he speak ... fremont rest he palm on the desk , lean toward hank . fremont a you notice anything like that from the man you shot today ? hank still have not grasp what the agent be say . he glance from renkins to fremont , give a nervous shake of he head . fremont ( cont would ) he be lie to you , Mr. Mitchell . he be not from the FBI . hank lift he hand , start to cover he mouth , but then realize what he 's do and quickly lower it . he struggle to mask he relief , to feign confusion . hank I do not understand . he say -- fremont nod ; he know what he say . fremont his name be Vernon bokovsky . his brother be in that crash plane you find out there today . hank he be look for he brother ? ( continued ) 116 . 151 continued : ( 2 ) 151 the word seem to suck everything out of hank ; for a instant , he look as if he might crumple . the other two man do not appear to notice . renkins lean forward , open the bag of money . renkins he be look for this . he shake it , display the money . hank stare , unsee . fremont bokovsky and he brother be the guy who kidnap that mcmartin girl last November . you remember ? the one they shot and dumped in the lake ? renkins four point four million dollar in ransom . hank continue to stare into the bag , completely absent ; he have not hear a word they have say . the agent smile at each other , misinterprete he reaction . renkins reach into the bag , pull out a packet , hold it out to hank . renkins ( cont would ) wanna touch it ? hank blink up at he , too daze to answer . renkins nod encouragingly . renkins ( cont would ) go ahead , hank finally realize what the man want of he . he take the packet , balance it for a moment in he palm , then hand it back to renkins , who return it to the bag . renkins ( cont would ) this be only part of it , of course . we be still tracking down the rest . fremont ( confidently ) just a question of time . the word jerk hank back into the conversation . he glance apprehensively from renkins to fremont . hank what do you mean ? fremont we have the money for two hour before the kidnapper pick it up . we could not mark ( more ) ( continued ) 151 * 152 # 153 , 154 117 . continued : ( 3 ) 151 fremont ( cont would ) it -- we be afraid they would detect the marking and kill the girl -- so we put together a task force of twenty agent , and they write down as many of the serial number as they could . we end up recording just under five thousand of they , one out of ten of the bill . hank stare at they , too shocked to speak . renkins simply a matter of wait for the number to turn up . you can not go around pass hundred dollar bill without eventually stick in someone 's memory . hank ( stunne ) the money 's mark . fremont that 's what it amount to . marked money . renkins lean back in he chair , smile . renkins crime do not pay . omit 152 omit * 153 CUT to : the money 154 pour out across the Mitchell 's live room carpet . int . mitchell live room - night hank drop the empty duffel bag to the floor , bend , pick up a handful of packet . log burn in the fireplace . Sarah stand before it , face hank . she 's cry , shaking she head . sarah no . she hold she hand out before she , block he way . hank just stare at she , he eye empty . sarah ( cont would ) ~ we can run with it ... we can leave the country , go to South America , Australia , somewhere far away ... ( continued ) 117a . 154 continued : 154 hank say nothing . he 's resign himself to what he have to do , and he stand there wait for Sarah to do so , too . ( continued ) 154 *168r *168c 118 . continued : ( 2 ) 154 sarah ( cont would ) ( desperate ) I can get a job at the FBI . I can steal the list of number . hank Sarah ... she wipe at she tear , step forward , hold out she hand . sarah please , hank . she touch he face , then lean in , hugging he , kissing he . he try to pull away , but she hold on , intense , and for a instant it seem as if he might submit . then he jerk free , push past she to the fire . she grab at he , and he turn , shove , knock she back into the pile of money . she fall to the floor . hank crouch , open the fire screen . he throw the packet onto the log . behind he , Sarah lie weep on the carpet . she 's on she stomach , scramble at the pile of money , drag packet toward she , try to hide they beneath she body . hank stare into the fire . we see the packet catch , they edge curling , they ink go black . very faintly , we begin to hear the grind of the feed mill , which carry over into : ** 155 thru 160 - omitted int . SMALL town library - day * 168a amanda lie in a bassinet by the counter . Mrs. trill coo at the baby while Sarah stamp she book . she give Mrs. trill a fake smile . the sound of the feed mill be grow steadily louder , carry over into : int . mitchell live room - nigat * 168b hank be crouch beside Sarah , pry the packet from she grip . she 's sobbing . behind they , the fire blaze . the grinding be almost unbearably loud now . int . feed mill - day * 168c hank stand in the center of the storeroom , he clipboard in he hand , stare blankly at the shelf , which sag beneath the pile sack of grain . the air be thick with dust , the wall vibrate with the violence of the mill . ~ * 168d int . mitchell live room - night abrupt silence . hank crouch before the fire , flame . 1184 *168d watch the the pile of money be go . it 's all be burn . ( continued ) 119 . *160dcontinued : * 160D Sarah still lie on the carpet , curl into a ball , longer cry . like hank , she 's stare dully into we watch they for a long time before we but she 's no the fire , fade to black