a walk to remember screenplay by Karen janszen base on the novel by Nicholas spark no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner bros . July 27 , 2000 warner bros . '' 2000 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved black a young man 's v.o. : adult landon ( v.o. ) I be bear in beaufort , North Carolina . a place where the air always smell of pine and salt and sea . the voice be gentle . slightly Southern in inflection . a young doctor 's soothing manner . fade in : ext . coastal NORTH CAROLINA ( december ) ( present ) a vast view of the coastline in winter -- beach , river , sea marsh , inlet -- ebbing and flow . adult landon ( v.o. ) for many , day and night be spend fishing pamlico sound or crabbing the neuse River . the camera find a small coastal town , edge by a harbor on which fisherman toil . ext . beaufort , NORTH CAROLINA - morning ( december ) the camera , moving inland , cross over modest house deck with plastic rooftop santas ... adult landon ( v.o. ) while the ocean may be the focus of daily labor , church have always try to be the focus of life . and move uphill to ... ext . MAIN STREET where fake snow be spray on store window . the camera continue to the far side of Main Street -- with its stately home with big lawn , flower bed , and tasteful Christmas garland . adult landon ( v.o. ) when I live here , there be eighteen church within town limit alone . 2 . ext . four - way stop from each corner , four church face each other . the Fellowship Hall Christian Church , the Church of the forgiven people , the Church of Sunday atonement , and all Saints Church . adult landon ( v.o. ) they sponsor pancake breakfast , rummage sale , car wash , and softball game . ext . landon be truck - traveling the camera find and follows a newish sport utility vehicle with md plate as it pass a rummage sale and a softball game . adult landon ( v.o. ) you would think that all the people here be friendly , welcoming , open-hearted ... Dr. landon carter , 33 , drive the truck . int . car - traveling landon look urban , prosperous , well - groom -- but retain he boyish whimsy and sense of irony . a cell phone and overnight bag on the seat next to he . adult landon ( v.o. ) ... and that money or family background or education or luck do not matter . landon reach out to adjust he side mirror , revealing a simple gold wedding band on he leave hand . ext . STREET - traveling landon 's truck turn the corner and slow in front of the huge Southern Baptist church . adult landon ( v.o. ) but they do matter . they matter to everyone . except Jamie Sullivan ... landon 's truck turn into a driveway just past the church and head for a cluster of building . behind the building , a cemetery . 3. ext . cluster of building - continuous action the truck pull up in front of the old parsonage -- it 's a different color than he remember . adult landon ( v.o. ) ... astronomer . actress. believer in God ... landon hesitates a moment , then climb out of he truck . ext . old parsonage - continuous action landon head up the walk and onto the front porch . press the doorbell . it ring inside . landon be edgy , unsettle . adult landon ( v.o. ) ... believer in I . a nurse open the door . dissolve to : ext . beaufort high gym - night ( november , 1985 ) rock music drift out open door -- barely recognizable as " bear in the U.S.A . " student hang . brain , prep , richies , heavy metal , jock , punk rocker , goth , geek . mixing without mixing . most be red-ey , woozy , waste . a couple of boy break dance to a boom BOX . miss be the criminal ... a shiny t-top camaro roar up . stop , tire squealing . van halen blasting . landon , 18 , at the wheel . he be impulsive , sexy - troubled , with the nothing - to - lose courage to act on destructive whim . he be envied , copy , fear . int . camaro empties roll and clink on the floor . a tiny plastic skeleton dance as it hang from the rearview mirror . landon stamp a joint into the ashtray . landon ( impatient , edgy ) where be he ? he 's suppose to be here . ( continued ) 4. continued : eric ( from back seat ) I need to whizz . eric 's skinny , high -energy . a leg always jiggling . landon Eric . you be such a hummingbird . belinda I wanna dance . belinda be landon 's girlfriend . richie princess , a bad - girl pretender . Big shoulder pad . jellie bracelet . swatch watch . landon so go dance . belinda with you . landon i. do not. dance . eric ( point , like tattoo ) Dee plane . Dee plane . they laugh . clay 's by the dumpster . ext . dumpster clay , obese , wear a too-small student monitor vest , be dump garbage from a trash can . a loud honk . clay turn to see the camaro , then turn back to the school , coast clear . he quickly heave in the empty trash can as the camaro pull up . Eric push a door open . empty fall from the back seat . clay climb in . clay go go go go . principal ed kelly , middle - age , pockmark skin , casio calculator watch , exit the gym . int . camaro landon 's look at Kelly in the rearview mirror . ( continued ) 5 . continued : landon ( mock ) Kelly . he look like he face catch fire and he try to put it out with a fork . landon inch the car forward , teasing clay , teasing Kelly . eric he could not find he own butt with both hand at high noon in a hall of mirror . sniggere laughter . clay go! landon press the gas . the car roar away . clay Kelly 's so old he -- landon we be do with that already , bonehead . clay smile , good -nature . he often miss social cue . ext . camaro - traveling landon drop clay 's student monitor vest out onto the road . another car run it over . ext . road Mr. Kelly walk over , pick up the vest . shake it . frustrate . eye the empty beer bottle by the dumpster . ext . outside cemetery gate - little later camaro be park on the dirt access road , headlight shine through the lock rear gate . JOHN cougar mellencamp 's " small town " play . int . camaro landon , clay , and belinda sit drink , smoking weed . under the music , a cb radio scanner chat quietly . ( continued ) 6 . continued : eric ( o.s. ) so which be it ? ext . camaro Eric finish take a leak . eric ( call over , repeat ) landon . to save you life , you have to either go deaf or go numb in you dick and ball . Eric climb back in the car . int . camaro landon , belinda , clay , Eric . landon I be think . eric no think . the doctor only give you three second to decide -- landon could I lose one ear and one nut ? eric no question , no negotiate -- belinda ( to Eric , annoyed ) where do you get this stupid question -- ? landon hypothetical -- eric ( to belinda ) I be just wonder -- belinda do not wonder . landon 's look out at the night . ( continued ) 7. continued : landon Jamie Sullivan . everyone look up . derisive laughter . there Pov a pale , contemplative girl , 17 , be jump down off the gate , catch in the headlight . wearing clothes she probably make herself ; long hair hide she face . she life in she mind , not she body . back to scene belinda Brain . eric Bible freak . landon cherry . ext . camaro jamie ( girl ) , hearing the laughter , gather herself and approach landon 's window , she sneaker crunching in the gravel . she cross she pilly brown sweater across she chest . jamie ( to landon , tentative ) hey . hi. you light . any chance you could ... turn they off -- belinda ( lean over landon ) God give you this road ? jamie no -- belinda then we will be keep the light on . ( continued ) 8. continued : landon ( to Jamie , seem nice ) if you want the light off , I will turn they off . and he do . darkness . jamie thank you . thank you so very much . she back away from the car , grateful . from the car : belinda ( o.s. ) I can not see a friggin ' thing . int . camaro landon switch on the dome light for belinda . belinda ( imitate Jamie ) ' thank you . thank you so very much . ' but landon 's look at Jamie . almost count the second ... he Pov Jamie scale the fence , practice at it . back to scene landon quickly flick the high beam . belinda , Eric , and clay snicker and snort as they see -- ext . cemetery gate Jamie , startle , pause at the top . but instead of look bully , she face show determination , humor even . a moment later , she jump down on the far side . disappear . int . camaro belinda , Eric , clay be still laugh . landon 's smile . ( continued ) 9. continued : eric ten year . where be you gonna be ? ( to belinda , mock ) hypothetically ? belinda Paris . clay Dead . laughter . landon right here . with you . he clink Eric 's raise beer . more laughter . but landon 's face cloud slightly -- maybe this be not where he would really like to be . clay ' twilight Zone . ' ' one step Beyond . ' ' tale from the Dark side . ' eric ' twilight Zone , ' dipshit . landon do not call he a dipshit . eric you do -- landon and you do not . ( beat , be : Jamie ) what 's she do in there ? belinda nothing I would be do . laughter . landon kiss she . with tongue . a blind white light dance through the car and settles on landon and belinda 's face . landon shit ! he scramble out of the car . ext . camaro landon look up at the fence . 10 . landon' Pov Jamie sit atop , hold a large mirror , reflect the headlight back into the car . back to scene they stare at each other . his annoyance turn to mild respect . the cb radio come to life inside the car . a garble transmission . belinda ( o.s. ) landon ! int . camaro landon leap in . pop out the Van halen . landon the address ?! eric York Ave . landon pop in a wham ! tape . amp it up . " freedom . " landon what number ? nobody answer . landon dildo . landon turn the car around . ext . access road the camaro fishtail away . tire crunching , red taillight bounce on the rough road . the car turn leave onto the paved road and speed out of sight . int . camaro landon drive recklessly . rushing . he make a screeching turn . landon be Pov - STREET ahead two fire truck rumbling by house , siren wailing . 11 . ext . camaro turn right , follow the fire truck . int . camaro landon smile at belinda . she smile back . fun. landon take a slug of beer . turn he eye back to the road . landon be Pov - FIRE truck make another turn . then a flash of light , movement . a figure on the road . ext . road a old man walk he little dog . cross the street . int . camaro - landon turn the wheel hard . jam he foot on the brake . ext . road the camaro swerve . tire squealing . a loud , heart - searing thump . the old man -- sideswipe , drop to the asphalt . the camaro slam into a light pole . crunching metal . tinkling glass . int . camaro quiet . landon , Eric and clay be bang up . clay Christ , man . landon you okay ? eric yeah . belinda 's head lean on the dash . her shoulder shake . landon , bleed on the forehead , reach over . scare . landon belinda ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : she lift she head . look at he . she 's laugh . he kick he door out . ext . STREET the camaro crumpled into the light pole . headlights askew . clay and Eric and belinda get out , daze . landon run to the old man . kneel . shake he . no response . the man 's terrier bark at landon . landon' face frightened , anguish . the real landon show for a instant . Police siren wail in the b.g. , grow louder . ext . old chevette - half hour later a batter chevette steer through a work - class neighborhood . int . chevette landon 's mother , cynthia , 35 , drive . she 's weary with sun - wear skin , but still attractive . she wear a skimpy black - and - white cocktail waitress uniform under she coat . cynthia what if they expel you ? landon Kelly would not do that . cynthia why not ? landon cuz nothing happen at school . he smile he biggest most reassure smile . cynthia do not smile at I . it 's not go to get you out of this . landon why not ? it always have before . 13 . ext . beaufort high - monday ( 7:59 am ) by daylight , a modern brick and glass structure . int . principal be office - 8:05 am Mr. Kelly gesture for landon to sit . landon do not . his forehead still show a bruise . mr. kelly I have hope for you . landon like I would grow up to be president , another Reagan . mr. kelly ( not laugh ) like you would make it to June . even cut half you class , you have a B - average . landon I be no dummy . mr. kelly that 's right . you just act like one . on he desk , he place the empty bottle that roll out of the camaro . landon that be not mine . mr.kelly they come from you car . landon I be not the one drink . Kelly hold up the police test find . mr. kelly you blood alcohol level . maybe you be legally in the clear , but I make the rule here . landon scowl , know he 's defeat . landon you expel I ? mr. kelly I be . ( continued ) 14 . continued : landon now I can do what I want . mr. kelly that 's right . ( sarcastic ) the world be you oyster . ext . school entrance - minute later landon bust out , arm high , fist tight , like a righteous political prisoner . freedom . he strut through the courtyard . not a care in the world . ext . carter driveway - hour later landon watch a tow truck lower the crumpled camaro . a neighbor kid , josh , 12 , watch from across the street , on he way to school . ext . camaro - minute later landon poke and prod he car -- the engine , underneath , the body , the paint . a discouraging mess . int . carter house - hallway - minute later landon knock on Cynthia 's bedroom door . landon Mom . I need a ride . int . cynthia' bedroom Dark . she wear a black eye-shield . her waitress uniform hang over a chair . cynthia ( sleepy , annoyed ) I be not get up to drive you somewhere . ( beat ) what be you do home ? ext . garage - moment later landon lift the garage door . 15 . landon be Pov - inside garage a murky place . fill with old tool and junk and a grim old bike . ext . mini - mall - auto part shop - little later landon come out the glass door , he arm load , see he bike . no way to carry . he look around . the bus stop . a bus approach . ext . under camaro - later banging , ratcheting , clinking . landon 's work hard . a boom BOX play simple mind ' " alive and kick . " landon be Pov - he mother' legs and wear terry slipper appear . cynthia ( o.s. ) I want to talk to you . he pause , annoyed , then roll himself out . ext . carter driveway the mangle front bumper 's on the ground . Cynthia stand there in she bathrobe . upset. landon 's almost too much . cynthia you be not hang round here all day . landon I be not hang . I be fix my car -- cynthia you do not need a car you can not drive for a month . go see marvin . landon ' Bout what ? cynthia about a job . landon ignore she . slide back under he car . 16 . ext . under camaro cynthia ( o.s. ) he 's go to try you as assistant manager . ( beat ) you could be manager someday . landon can not believe this . ext . driveway landon slide back out . landon I be not work there . Cynthia set she jaw . he know that look . int . restaurant - kitchen - lunch hour landon be sweat , scour pot . a crooked cap on he head , a assistant manager name tag on he shirt . he 's make some headway ; only two more to wash . marvin , the owner , walk over . beer belly , greasy hair . dump another pile of dirty pot and pan in landon 's sink . landon glimpsis he future . int . principal kelly outer office - early afternoon landon pace , jumpy . Kelly 's secretary , miss tarbox , quietly lock she purse in she bottom drawer . landon who 's he in with ? miss tarbox he will be with you when he 's available . the door to Kelly 's office open . Jamie Sullivan exit with she father , the tall stern reverend hegbert sullivan . Jamie eye landon as she pass by . landon ( joke ) you expell , too ? nobody laugh or even smile . 17 . int . principal kelly office - moment later Mr. Kelly make a note in Jamie 's file . mr. kelly find the real world to you like , Mr. Carter ? landon I want to come back . mr. kelly ( look up , surprised ) back ? be you ever really here ? they both know Kelly have the upper hand . Kelly lean back in he chair , relishing it . landon ( mumble ) I want to graduate . Kelly study landon , the boy who can not get out of he own way . mr. kelly ( think aloud ) you could grace we hallow hall again , if , while you be here , you make a sincere effort to be part of we little school community -- landon ( relieved ) I would do that -- mr. kelly how would you do that , Mr. Carter ? landon shrug , clueless . mr. kelly ( smile ) shall I give you a few idea ? landon ( smile , too ) please . mr. kelly besides attend all you regular class , I would like you to help we janitorial staff after school -- ( continued ) 18 . continued : landon for pay ? mr. kelly for the inner satisfaction it will bring . ( beat ) Saturday morning , I would like you to tutor disadvantaged student at we sister school -- landon ( joke ) I be as underprivileged as they be -- mr. kelly the fact that you attend this school make you privileged . his tone quiet landon . mr. kelly finally , I would like you to join the drama club . rehearsals be Tuesday and Thursday evening . landon ( grumble ) I would work backstage or something ? mr. kelly or something . they be do a play for the holiday . landon when do I get time for I ? mr. kelly you do not . that 's the point . landon 's not happy , but he will work with this . as he head for the door : mr. kelly ( softer , try to reach he ) landon , none of we faculty see you the way you see yourself . ( beat ) some of we remember how you father -- landon then you remember more than I do . 19 . close on broom push gum wrapper under a radiator . int . science classroom - after school landon sweep at the floor during the Star Club open house . a dozen nerd , include Jamie Sullivan ( wear she brown sweater ) , stand at astronomy exhibit . student wander in , listen , look . jamie ( answer question ) -- saturn 's 15 degree to the right of red antare and much brighter . to she small audience , she hold up a contraption make from a wire coat hanger . jamie this be a very simple device make from a coat hanger , plastic wrap and typewriter correction fluid . do anyone know what it be ? no one do . landon ( barely audible ) a star frame . but Jamie hear . she regards he a moment , then keep go . jamie this be a star frame . clay and Eric enter , check on landon , glance at Jamie . jamie a star frame will help you locate star and planet with you naked eye -- clay ( scoffing , set she up ) -- do God create the sun ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : jamie ( take he seriously ) yes , God create the universe and all its physical law . even Einstein say it 's a miracle that we world be comprehensible -- eric -- if God can do all that , why can not he get you a new sweater ? landon laugh loudly . member of the club look at he . landon that be a joke . laugh . Jamie smile . she can laugh at herself . and she find landon funny . int . carter kitchen - evening landon wash up while he mother set the table . the microwave hum in the b.g . cynthia you father drop off a extra check . landon I do not want he money . cynthia it could help with a new car -- landon -- I like the car I have . he pick up the envelope with wet hand . without look inside , rip it in half . Cynthia smile , quietly happy . int . school bus - traveling - saturday morning enthusiastic preppies , richies , other do -gooder , sing " karma chameleon . " Jamie sit in a aisle seat , read , not sing . she turn around to look at landon . he ride in the back row , stare out the window , wear a Sony walkman , glum . he Pov to Z.Z. top be " sleep bag . " out the window -- jefferson High School come into view . bar on every window , chain - link fence around the parameter , no grass . 21 . int . jefferson high - library - little later a big room with table and chair but few book . pair of head be bent over textbooks and notebook . landon sit with luis , a freshman boy of mix ethnicity . a geometry text between they . landon ( read ) -- ' so what be the measure of angle x if a and B be similar triangle ? ' Luis be lose , intimidate . landon know what ' similar ' mean ? Luis shrug . Luis look down at the book as if for the answer , then at landon , hopeless . he get up and walk off . landon look up in disbelief and catch Jamie study he . she 's at a nearby table with she student , isabel . int . school bus - noon the door swishes shut behind landon as he hop aboard . he 's late and head for the rear bench seat . landon' Pov Jamie sit there . and no vacant seat save next to she . back to scene the bus begin to roll . landon lurch forward . traveling - later the bus be move through beaufort . landon sit next to Jamie . put a new tape into he Sony walkman . his body turn away . she 's read she book . jamie you go to visit harold ? landon scowl . what - who be she talk about ? ( continued ) 22 . continued : jamie they let he out of the hospital yesterday . he 's in a rest home on oak Street . that old man . jamie he go to my father 's church . he could have die -- landon -- this you idea of small talk ? jamie I do not make small talk -- landon -- obviously . jamie I just want to tell you not to give up . sometimes you have get to back into the teach from somewhere else . if he hear she , he make no sign . she go back to she book . a long beat , then : jamie what make you volunteer ? ( pause ) want to know why I tutor read ? not really . jamie because , grow up , book be my world . landon ( mean ) be ? jamie you do not know I . landon you book and you brown sweater and you hair . what 's more to know -- ? ( continued ) 23 . continued : jamie -- I wear the sweater because I be cold . I read because no one talk to I . my hair be my hair . what be it exactly that 's bother you ? landon you do not care what people say ? jamie you mean care what you say ? I be worry about other thing . landon like what ? the moon of Jupiter ? jamie can not you have a normal conversation ? landon I do not want to have any conversation . jamie good , cuz talk to you be like try to explain red to a blind person . she read again . the bus pull to a stop in front of beaufort High . belinda , wear a neck brace , be wait , lean on she cabriolet . Jamie watch landon exit the bus . jamie' Pov - out the window landon greeting belinda , kissing she . int . school auditorium - tuesday evening landon open a side door , peer in at the Drama Club . landon' Pov a big space with a stage . ms. garber stand before six geeky boy , and a dozen fat girl and Jamie . 24 . back to scene landon react -- this girl actually choose to be in this place ? Ms. garber look up from she papers . ms. garber we be wait , Mr. Carter . he slide in a row behind the other . leans forward and poke a boy , eddie jone . Eddie 's pimply and talk with he eye squinch up . landon what 's the play ? Eddie hand he a photocopy script , the rainmaker . eddie the-the -there 's this drought a ' -- and a smooth t-t-alking guy come and say he can m-make rain -- landon -- and the ugly farmer 's daughter fall for he . I see the movie . eddie yeah . it 's really g-g- good -- landon -- it blow . on stage - minute later Jamie and landon sit in fold chair , read from script . landon 's wooden , show how lame this be . landon ( as starbuck ) ' I hope you dream come true . ' jamie ( as lizzie , sad ) ' they will not . ' landon ( as starbuck ) ' believe in yourself and they will . let I ask you , lizzie . look in the mirror ? be you pretty -- ? ' ( continued ) 25 . continued : ms. garber -- landon , be you try to be bad at this ? landon no , it just come naturally . Jamie smile . garber tap she script -- continue . landon ( as starbuck ) ' it 's get to be inside you . then one day the mirror will be the eye of the man who love you . you will look in that mirror and you will be more than pretty . you will be beautiful . ' Ms. garber eye landon , motion for he to keep go . landon ( as starbuck ) ' look at I . tell I what you see ! ' as lizzie , Jamie look into he eye . jamie ( as lizzie ) ' be it really I ? ' landon ( as starbuck , ham ) ' yes . you be - you be b-b - beautiful . ' hoot and laughter . Jamie look away , humiliate . ms. garber quiet ! ( announce ) landon will play the role of Bill starbuck . groan among the boy . Jamie be horrify . so be landon . landon ( to garber ) no way . no thanks . I can not do it -- ( continued ) 26 . continued : mr. kelly ( o.s. ) ( offstage ) -- you can and you will , Mr. Carter . Kelly 's be stand in the wing . mr. kelly ( warning ) with all the sincerity and dignity you can muster . everyone stare at landon . he 's trap . ext . auditorium - later that evening raining . landon exit behind all the other . stands under a overhang , light a cigarette , angry , wait for a ride . Jamie approach , something on she mind . landon ( rude ) you be like this fly , buzzing buzzing everywhere -- jamie -- this play mean a lot to I . landon ( snort ) this play -- ? jamie -- I know you do not suck at act . landon laugh . refuse to take she seriously . behind he , the light go out as the school close for the night . jamie but you have to make it a big joke because only dork and dweeby like do theater -- landon -- what be you go on about ? pause . jamie I can judge too . ( continued ) 27 . continued : he exhales , eyeing she , dare she . jamie you do not care about class or graduate . but you like school because you be popular and you know you will never be on top again . landon that 's deep -- jamie -- you act only work with a audience . landon my act ?! she walk off toward she father 's old pontiac . the last car in the parking lot . Fire truck rush by on the street below . landon 's ear twitch . he look about . no one , no ride . he see the pontiac back out of a parking spot . ext . parking lot - moment later landon bang on the side of she car as she drive past . landon a ride ?! please ! int . pontiac Jamie turn to look at he . jamie' Pov landon , wet , desperate , he eye plead . landon ( insincere ) we can talk about you help I with my line . int . old pontiac - traveling - moment later Jamie 's at the wheel . ( continued ) 28 . continued : jamie I know you do not want help . landon then we both know . ( beat ) I will point . you drive . faster . he point the way , to the taillight of the fire truck . the wet road glisten . jamie we be follow fire truck ? landon yeah . jamie why ? landon ( duh ) because that 's where the fire be ? he fish in he pocket for a tape . pull one out . he 's search the dash -- no cassette player . landon Fire be like a live thing . Wild . unpredictable . jamie like I . landon no . not like you . she jerk the car across the center lane . driving on the wrong side of the road . he grip the dash . landon what the -- ?! jamie so you agree you need help ? landon be Pov - out windshield headlights loom , a car come . closer and closer . 29 . back to scene landon yes ! she swing the pontiac back to the right lane . smiling . a car zip by in the other direction , horn blaring . jamie really ? landon drop he attitude , he act . he toy with the glove compartment knob . landon yeah . Kelly will make I leave school if I screw up the play . jamie ( to herself ) 28 and 42 . pause . he act like he do not hear , but he 's interested . landon what 's with the friggin number ? jamie 28 be do something illegal . 42 be befriend a enemy . landon I be a enemy ? jamie kinda . yeah . ext . across STREET from FIRE - little later landon and Jamie walk around the fire , watch the fire and the firemen . landon be just tolerate she . jamie the reason I get the part ... I be a little like lizzie . except I do not worry about some man rescue I . landon good thing . if she 's offended , she keep it to herself . ( continued ) 30 . continued : landon you get some kind of list ? jamie be you ask to mock I or do you really want to know ? landon maybe a little of both . they both smile . jamie I will take a chance . landon go for it . jamie it 's like a to - do list , but for my life . he smirk . jamie if you can not imagine the future , you will not have one . he light a cigarette . she reach for it . landon ( joke ) have a cigarette . 100 . she grin and take a drag . they share the cigarette . landon so what else be on this list ? jamie it 's private . landon ( cajole ) you want to tell I ... she eye he , not certain she 's willing to risk share she dream with he . landon ( guess , rudely ) get very waste . lose you virginity -- ( continued ) 31 . continued : jamie ( correct ) spend a year in the peace Corps . make a medical discovery -- landon ( contemptuous ) ambitious . jamie be negative 's a lot more work than be positive . landon like you would know . jamie I do know . ( pause ) be two place at once ... learn to hit a baseball or turn a cartwheel ... eat breakfast with chopstick ... he like the frivolity of this . landon what 's ... number one ? she look away , embarrassed . jamie ( change subject ) if you want help with you line , I have two condition . ( smile ) you have to promise not to fall in love with I . he 's certain she 's joke . landon no problem -- jamie and you have to meet my father . he look at she like she 's crazy to worry about this . landon father love I . 32 . close on parsonage front door swinging open . reverend Sullivan loom tall . ichabod crane in a collar . ext . parsonage porch - wider - next evening landon give a cheery little wave . he 's very sweaty . his bike teeter on its kickstand in the b.g . landon hey. landon Carter . landon offer he hand . the reverend shake reluctantly , eyeing he closely : landon 's Army boot , tear jeans , dirty t-shirt , aloof manner . rev . sullivan ( surprised ) you be in the play ? landon lead man . Jamie slide out the door . she look good in jeans and a white t-shirt . almost normal . in the b.g. , landon 's bike crash over . he bound down the porch step . landon ( explain bike ) they take my license for 30 day . but nobody 's press charge . the reverend look at Jamie , concerned . landon try the kickstand , then lean the bike against a carefully trim bush . not the best place . jamie I will get something for we to drink -- landon do not bother ! but she 's already go . the reverend gesture toward the open front door . int . sullivan live room - moment later Dark and prim with stiff furniture leave to fade . landon poke around , then stare at a photo of little girl Jamie with she parent . he look up , aware that the reverend be study he closely . ( continued ) 33 . continued : landon you know we planet would not suffer for one nanosecond if human die off . but if ant disappear , that would be catastrophic . the reverend wait , let landon suffer the silence . landon ( confidence flagging ) apropos of nothing ... so . so so so so -- rev . sullivan let 's get something straight . you do not know I . I do not know you . but I know what you be about . ( beat ) keep you distance from this house -- and from Jamie . his eye lock with landon' . his message clear . a noise and Jamie be there , carry glass of lemonade , all cheerful . jamie I miss anything ? int . parsonage - kitchen - minute later Jamie wash the lemonade glass , happy . her father come in . rev . sullivan the Carter boy . tell I about he . jamie he want help with he line -- rev . sullivan he be drive the car that hit harold keene -- jamie by accident -- rev . sullivan Jamie , he 's careless . reckless . ( beat ) be this really the best time to be make a new friend ...? ( continued ) 34 . continued : jamie I be suppose to always be alone ? rev . sullivan I do not want you to see he outside school activity . jamie Fine . but I need to start decide how to spend my time and my life . pause . rev . sullivan ( gentler ) I be sorry you mother be not here to help you become a woman . jamie dad , I have become a woman without she . just not a pretty one . int . jamie' bedroom - one am Jamie hop out of bed , pull on jeans and a sweatshirt . int . hallway Jamie peer into she father 's room . he 's sleep . she tiptoe to the staircase and down . sneak out . ext . rear access road to cemetery - ten minute later landon be wait when Jamie appear . he have script in he back pocket . they smile at each other , laugh . jamie ( be : she father ) I know . do not say anything . landon he 's a softy . get he wrap around my finger . jamie you think so . landon know so . ( continued ) 35 . continued : she grin , skeptical . jamie this way . another angle Jamie lead landon toward the cemetery rear gate . jamie people think I be strange , do not they ? landon ( smile ) yes . jamie because I try to be nice to people ? landon yeah . maybe . I dunno . jamie do you think I be strange ? pause . landon 's catch off - guard by she frankness . landon yeah . but that can be good . ext . cemetery - rear gate - night Jamie quickly scale the fence . landon 's right after she . landon why be we here ? int . cemetery Jamie drop down . take a flashlight from she bag . jamie cuz it 's dark and quiet and you can see into another world . landon ( on top of gate ) the world of the dead ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : jamie ( be mysterious ) could be ... he drop down , not sure what she mean . she 's already walk away . he follow . jamie my mother 's bury near here . landon my father 's alive but it 's like he 's dead . she look at landon , feel he sorrow , then unlock a storage shed . open the door . enter . returns a moment later carry several piece of a odd - look home - make cylindrical device . landon what be that ? jamie ( proud ) that be my telescope . same scene - minute later the ten-inch dobsonian telescope be point at the sky . the eye-piece be at the end of the long scope ; the scope rest on a plywood base . landon look through the eye - piece . Pov ( through telescope ) - close on golden planet a beautiful view of a golden planet with a broad , flat ring system . widen . landon ( impressed ) saturn . beautiful . jamie before voyager we expect maybe a dozen ring -- landon but there be thousand of they , make of float ice -- ( continued ) 37 . continued : jamie maybe debris from a moon that break apart . landon or building block for a world that never form . she look at he . he smile , embarrassed . landon I be not smart . just a sponge . she smile , disagreeing , then look through the telescope and change its view . jamie sometimes I come here and just scan the heaven . landon ( joke ) look for intelligent life ? jamie look for something -- someone . pause . he do not know what to say . landon do you believe you will see you mother again ? jamie I hope so . ( beat ) I think maybe she see I now . they eye meet . she look away . change the subject . jamie ( be : telescope ) I be building a larger one to see the nucleus of Haley 's comet -- landon the dirty snowball at its core . jamie yeah . ( beat ) I be probably not go to be around next time it come . ( continued ) 38 . continued : landon in 76 year , I neither . she like that he know a little about astronomy . they each lean back on a tombstone and stare at the star . landon you be really into God , right ? jamie in ten word or less ? landon yeah . jamie my relationship with God be my own . landon but you think about him -- it -- her . jamie do not you ? landon not really . pause . jamie when you do , how do you ? landon could joke or he could reveal something . landon like in a church painting . I see this giant hover over the ground . he 's wear a robe , and have long flow hair , and he 's point he finger at something . jamie do you ever wonder why thing happen the way they do ? landon no. ( continued ) 39 . continued : jamie I know there 's a plan for everyone , but sometimes I do not understand what the message be -- or what the point be . landon there be no point . you live . you die . the end . jamie maybe we be not suppose to understand , but we be suppose to have faith that someone else see the big picture . landon you have to believe to have faith . jamie you do not believe in anything ? landon the Bible . why should I read a bunch of dumb storey about some ancient guy who supposedly work miracle . jamie interprete by another guy like my father . landon you father do not like I . pause . jamie he do not trust you . landon sometimes I do not even trust I . he sit up and pull rainmaker script from he back pocket . he hold one out to she . a moment pass . she take it . jamie I be not afraid of you . landon likewise . 40 . int . parsonage - hallway - later that night Jamie sneak from the stair to she room . shut the door . a light glow under the door , then go out . int . reverend sullivan' bedroom he open he eye , listen , then turn over and go back to sleep . not suspect . not yet . int . landon' bedroom - same time dreary . landon lie in bed , flipping the tv channel , past " Square peg , " " Miami vice , " MTV , to a british nature documentary . after a moment , he search for a pen and paper . titles it " life list . " pause . he do not know what to write . ext . beaufort high parking lot - morning ( before school ) landon , clay , Eric , belinda . Eric 's pickup be park by belinda 's cabriolet . radios on , blasting the same station , same song : JOHN fogerty 's " rock and Roll Girls . " eric woman be definitely evolve into man . clay the moustach on some girl . unbelievable . belinda why be Jamie Sullivan stare at we ? they look . Jamie 's watch they . they laugh . eric she want to jump landon 's bone . belinda that be so pitiful . landon she 's very confuse . clay delude . eric derange . ( continued ) 41 . continued : landon dement . belinda she 's come over here ... landon heart be still . they laugh more and she 's there . jamie ( to landon ) hi. he do not respond . she shift from foot to foot . confused . jamie the play 's go to be really good . landon ( mock she ) I be really glad you think so . his friend snicker and guffaw . she look at they , then back to landon . jamie I guess you do not want to practice line tonight . landon you guess right . she give he a funny look and walk away . a better person than he and he know it . belinda that 's one girl who can not take a hint . landon because she do not know what a hint be . they laugh . landon the loudest . it feel good , but he also feel a little ... bad . int . garage - night clean up . swept out . the camaro be still a dent mess . but landon drop its hood down , wipe he hand , and climb behind the wheel . the engine start . 42 . int . jamie' bedroom - night no poster of pop star . book by Houston Smith , Thomas merton , Alan watt , carlos castaneda . Jamie study , listen to joni mitchell 's " I wish I have a River . " the doorbell ring . int . front hall - moment later Jamie open the front door . landon . a stern voice from the live room . reverend Sullivan 's . rev . sullivan ( o.s. ) better not be the Carter boy . Jamie shut the door . ext . sullivan front porch landon can not believe this . he press the bell again . landon ( talk to door ) Jamie ? ( beat ) open up . ( beat ) open the door . please . ( long beat ) reverend Sullivan , I have to talk to you daught -- jamie what be you problem ? she 's stand in the front yard . landon you be not in a very good mood . jamie you do not miss a thing . wider he step down off the porch . landon the play 's in a couple of week . jamie yes . and ? ( continued ) 43. continued : landon I be hope we could run line together . jamie oh. just not at school ... landon yeah -- jamie or anywhere where people might see we . landon belinda 's a very jealous person . jamie that would be the reason . pause . he think she might be go for this . jamie so it 's like you want to be secret friend . landon that 's it ! exactly ! you be read my mind -- jamie then maybe you can read mine . she walk up the porch step , go in the front door , and open it . before she go in : jamie I think I see something in you , something good . but I be wrong . int . sullivan front hall - moment later Jamie lean against the close door , tremble , almost cry . in the live room , she father look up from he read , see Jamie , then part the curtain , look out , glower . reverend sullivan be Pov - out window landon stand in the front yard , confuse that Jamie would reject he generous offer of friendship . 44 . ext . front yard landon walk to he car , then yell back at the parsonage . landon why do you have to be so weird ?! the front door open , startling landon . it 's the reverend . Red -face with fury . landon glare back , but then climb in he car and drive off . ashame . int . parsonage - live room - minute later Jamie sit on the sofa . her father do not look up from he read . rev . sullivan the first time I meet he I know . I be proud of how you be handle yourself . tear well and Jamie 's face crack with guilt and heartbreak . she leave before she father can see she distress . int . landon' bedroom - late night landon lie in bed watch another british nature documentary , this one on astronomy . he reach for he school yearbook . flip the page until he find Jamie 's photo . close on jamie' photo she 's smile and look almost cute . list under she photo be club : Red Cross , star and planet , Drama . ambition : to Witness a Miracle . int . jefferson high - library - saturday morning landon and Luis sit over the geometry text . landon have just ask a question and Luis be shrugging sadly . landon 's eye wander out the window . landon be Pov - basketball hoop back to scene landon let 's get outta here . 45 . ext . jefferson high - basketball blacktop - minute later landon and Luis face each other across the half - court . landon 's get a ball and be further from the basket . landon you , I , and the basket . we be the three corner of a triangle . take one step in . landon and Luis both step forward . landon be I at the same angle to you and the basket as before ? luis yeah . landon be you ? luis yeah . landon so what do we just make ? luis a similar triangle ? landon what else ? what kind of triangle have three side of different length . luis scalene ? landon okay . make I a isoscele . Luis step outward , directly opposite landon . landon yes ! two side the same . landon toss he the ball . they play . Jamie glance over from a picnic table where she work with she student , isabel . landon look at she , she look away , he look back . thoughtful . watch she . but not stare . int . book store - evening landon study the book in the spiritual / religion shelf . ( continued ) 46 . continued : he pick out a book , then sit in a corner . but before he open the text , he look around he , suddenly take in all the book , all the learn , all the knowledge that could be he . ext . school auditorium - week later on the marquee : the rainmaker . under this , " all invite . " under this , a full parking lot . int . auditorium a full house . Parents , teacher , student , churchgoer , booster club and rotary member . on stage the set be a wealthy midwestern ranch house of the 1950s . Eddie and two other boy play other character . the play 's underway ... stage left landon watch , dress as Bill starbuck in a nicely fitte suit . wait for he entrance . landon be Pov - stage boy # 1 ( as h.c. , the father ) ' then why do not you talk to she ? ' eddie ( as Jim ) ' because if we do , she will think we be try to get rid of she . ' boy # 1 ( as h.c. , the father ) ' she will sure think the same if I do it . you be she father and come a time when a father 's gotta mention . ' back to scene from stage right , Jamie make she entrance as lizzie . a collective gasp from the audience . 47 . landon' Pov Jamie , wear makeup , a dress that cling , she hair pull back . back to scene landon can not take he eye off she . jamie ( as lizzie ) ' Morning , pop . boy . I dream we have a rain , rain come down in sheet ! lightn flashed , thunder roll up and down the canyon like a kid with a big drum ! ' audience reverend Sullivan -- enrapture . principal Kelly -- hopeful . Cynthia Carter -- uncertain . clay , Eric , and belinda -- rock in they seat , snicker . jamie ( as lizzie ) ' I know why you send I to sweetriver . six boy in that family . the first three day , I stay in my room . ' boy # 2 ( as noah , the brother ) ' what would you do that for ? ' back of auditorium a well - dress man , dr . jonathan carter , landon 's father , slip in and take a seat a couple of row behind Cynthia . jamie ( o.s. ) ( as lizzie ) ' I know what I be there for and they know it , too ! ' back of auditorium - later Dr. Carter hang on every word . other sit on the edge of they seat . even clay , Eric , and belinda . belinda lean forward to take a photo . 48 . belinda's Pov through camera lens as she zoom -- landon and Jamie on stage , grow larger . on stage landon , Jamie , and the three boy . on stage - landon be starbuck . landon ( as starbuck , genuine ) '... you will look in that mirror and you will be more than pretty . you will be beautiful . look at I . tell I what you see ! ' Jamie look . she see something in he eye she have not see in they before . Love . jamie ( as lizzie , choke up ) ' be it really I ? ' landon' Pov Jamie , she face lovely . her eye shine , radiating , look directly at he . back to scene landon be dumbstruck . landon ( as starbuck , heartfelt ) ' yes. ( beat ) you be beautiful . ' landon change the line and nail it . surprise himself . surprise she . they both know it 's sincere . a moment pass . her stomach churn with anticipation . he lean in . she close she eye . they kiss . gently , genuinely . when Jamie open she eye , they be fill with tear . ( continued ) 49 . continued : the curtain crash down . end of act two . clapping from the other side of the curtain . landon try to meet Jamie 's gaze . but she 's look at the floor . audience principal Kelly , pleased . Cynthia Carter , proud . clay and Eric , surprised . reverend Sullivan , frown , concerned . belinda 's face be cold , hard . ext . school parking lot - hour later landon run out , look for he friend . Mr. Kelly shake he hand , then deal with parent . landon' Pov belinda get into she car . wider landon belinda ! belinda stop . belinda what ?! she wait . landon struggle with what to say . belinda that 's what I think ! landon watch she start she car , back from a parking space -- dr . carter landon . landon turn . his father be stand on the curb . dr . carter Fine performance . landon who invite you ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : dr . carter Ed Kelly . I think we might get a bite -- landon not hungry . landon move toward he camaro . dr . carter landon ! please . do not walk away from I . landon like you walk away from we ? landon open he car door and get in . not forgive . int . beaufort high - corridor - next morning landon wait by Jamie 's locker . the bell ring . no Jamie . int . cafeteria - noon landon walk along the lunch line , look . no Jamie . int . library - later many many book . landon cruise the stack . no Jamie . belinda , sit at a table with a girlfriend , see landon and turn away . he do not pursue it . ext . carter driveway - dusk Eric and clay watch landon hammer out dent in the camaro . they be smoking , share some beer . josh , the neighbor kid , stand across the street , want to be invite over . eric ( contemptuous ) she 's like some puritan . landon she 's not . she 's get she own idea . clay mutant idea . ( continued ) 51 . continued : landon maybe to you . Eric and clay exchange a look -- be landon defend she ? eric belinda 's tell everyone that kiss be real . landon it be . Eric and clay smirk in disbelief . eric and that you be scamm on Jamie Sullivan . landon ( not deny it ) scam 's a strong word . int . beaufort high - corridor - next morning landon 's wait when Jamie approach she locker . her hair pull back . she look good in a simple , fresh way . landon you be not in school yesterday . jamie I go to the doctor with my father . landon he okay ? jamie healthy as can be . pause . she do not help he . she open she locker , get what she need . landon you be great the other night . jamie thank you . so be you . pause . he try to touch she hair . she duck . landon I have not be nice to you . ( continued ) 52 . continued : jamie you be hardly nice to anyone . landon ( sincere ) I be sorry . jamie ( walk away ) I wish I could believe you . int . cafeteria - later Jamie sit alone , read , wear she old brown sweater . landon walk by clay and Eric at a table . eric landon ! landon later . put he tray down on Jamie 's table and sit . make a public statement . jamie people can see . landon and that would ruin you reputation how ? she go back to she book . ignoring he . landon ( be : she book ) what 's that ? she do not look up . show he the spine : the scarlet letter . jamie I be read all the novel on Mr. rothberg 's best american author list . landon how many book be there ? ( continued ) 53. continued : jamie ( annoyed ) a hundred . then there 's he classic list . and he european list . landon realize this be why she 's always read . landon that on you ' life list . ' to read all that book ? she do not deny it . he just dive in . landon Jamie . maybe I want to try be positive . she look up . examine he face for the truth . landon maybe I miss do that dumb play with you . student seat near they have overhear . whisper . landon maybe you inspire I . jamie that sound like horseshit . landon which part ? jamie all of it . landon it 's not . jamie prove it . she pick up she book and tray . everyone be watch . landon I just do ! ext . parking lot - after school landon follow Jamie out of the building . catch up . ( continued ) 54 . continued : landon Jamie -- jamie you lack honor . you lack compassion . you lack honesty . you lack humanity . she head to the old pontiac . landon jog after she . landon okay . maybe some of that be true -- jamie you do not know the first thing about be someone 's friend -- landon I do not want to be just you friend -- jamie you do not know what you want -- landon you do not either . take a look at yourself . maybe you be scared that someone might actually like you -- jamie and why would that scare I ? landon because then you could not hide behind you book and you telescope and you sweater and you God . she get into she car . slam the door . start the engine . she recognize the truth . landon but the real reason you be scared ? you like I ! she drive off . clay and Eric , watch , guffaw at landon 's spectacle . landon if you be really my friend , you would be help I , not run I down . ( continued ) 55 . continued : eric the only one run you down be you . ext . bridge over intercoastal waterway - night landon sit alone . leg dangle over . lighting and drop match into the black beyond he foot . his body catch in the occasional sweep of car headlight . nearby , a abandon car . a rusty old yugo . int . carter kitchen - night landon come in from outside . be surprised to find Cynthia sip tea , wear she uniform . cynthia out with belinda ? landon that 's over . Way over . cynthia I can not know thing if you do not tell I . pause . landon dad come to the play . cynthia ( surprised ) you see he ? landon we talk . he want to get a bite -- after . I say no . cynthia ( disbelief ) after he move out , I invite he to every practice , every game , every parent - teacher conference you ever have . he do not show , not once . landon he want to show now . ( continued ) 56 . continued : cynthia you go to let he ? you go to reward he by be the son he be never man enough to be a father to ? landon do not answer . cynthia ( angry ) you do that . int . hallway outside science lab - next afternoon the door be open to a lab where Jamie and the Star Club be meeting . landon mop , work hard , while listen in . Inside , Jamie ignore he . Mr. Kelly watch from near the trophy case . almost approve . mr. kelly Mr. Carter . do not wear a hole in that one spot there . landon grin and move on . behind landon 's back , Mr. Kelly peek into the science lab . see Jamie . look back at landon . wonder . ext . jefferson high - saturday ( december ) landon park he camaro . it 's shiny and buff and perfect again . int . jefferson high - library - minute later a Christmas party for the tutor and tutore . a rock ' not roll christmas CD play . a raffle ticket box by the door . a sign read : " win Movie ticket . " landon enter , busy a ticket , then take off he leather jacket . underneath , a nice shirt and tie . landon' Pov across the room -- Jamie , look pretty in a dress , laugh with she student , isabel . Mr. Kelly talk with mr . reginald adam , principal of jefferson High . Luis run over , divert landon 's attention . 57 . front of room Mr. Adams go to a microphone . tap it . mr. adam everyone ? quiet please . as you all know , we be here to celebrate the holiday and to raise money to buy book for we library . the book drive be be lead by beaufort High 's Jamie Sullivan . applause . this be new . landon look at Jamie , who 's smile . she step to the microphone . jamie thank you for buy ticket . we have raise two hundred and eighty - five dollar . more applause . she step down . landon and luis off to one side . landon ( to Luis ) about enough to buy maybe five volume in a set of encyclopedias . Luis smile . Jamie overhear . jamie it 's a start . landon yeah , with a finish in about a decade . she smile . he look at she . landon so you be talk to I ? jamie when I have something to say . he smile . landon what 's number one on you list ? she shake she head . ( continued ) 58 . continued : landon my number one would be get out of beaufort . jamie get out will not be you problem . it will be figure out what you want when you get somewhere . she walk away . landon what do that mean ?! jamie ( turn back ) it mean you can do anything . landon smile , not sure why she believe in he . ext . carter house - christmas evening hanging on the front door : a simple evergreen wreath with a plaid bow . int . carter house - live room Dark save for a gild fake tree light with tiny blink light and the glow of Cynthia 's cigarette in the dark . cynthia landon ! come enjoy the tree ! landon ?! landon come down the stair . sit on the sofa . wearing another good shirt . she try to reach out . cynthia you look nice . I should have dress . landon you be fine like that , Mom . cynthia there 's hot cider in the kitchen . landon ( not move ) thanks . ( continued ) 59 . continued : cynthia I have not see clay or Eric lately . landon I neither . cynthia no great loss -- landon I need to go out . pause . cynthia ( hurt ) to see you father ? landon no . I will not be long . he sense she hurt , but leave anyway . int . parsonage - live room - evening a Christmas tree with large color light stand in a corner . Jamie and she father play card . the doorbell ring . then urgent banging . jamie / rev . sullivan ( recognize ) landon Carter . ext . parsonage - front porch - moment later landon slide he backpack off he shoulder . pull out a shopping bag . hold it out to Jamie . landon ( awkward ) it 's a present . take it . she do . she open the bag , pull out a beautiful pink sweater . she 's overwhelm . without a word , just a happy smile , landon hop down the step toward he car . reverend Sullivan appear in the doorway . landon ( call back ) merry Christmas ! and to all a good night ! 60 . int . parsonage - jamie' room - minute later Jamie hum to herself as she brushes she hair . she 's wear the new sweater . her father knock . enter . rev . sullivan what 's landon Carter up to ? jamie ( innocent ) up to ? rev . sullivan I think we have rid ourselves of he disagreeable companionship . jamie dad , why do not you get to the point where you get to the point . rev . sullivan why be he give you a gift ? Jamie do not answer . rev . sullivan do you give he a gift ? jamie no . rev . sullivan I see the way he look at you . the way he kiss you . jamie it be a play . rev . sullivan ( unconvince ) boy like he have -- expectation . jamie I have expectation , too . pause . he 's feel she grow up , grow away . rev . sullivan I be not change the rule . jamie I have not ask you to . they eye each other . he 's lose she . 61 . int . retirement home - hallway - later that evening a nurse point landon toward a patient room . he carry a batter liquor-store box . int . patient room - moment later a tv flicker . landon come in . open the box . pull out the evergreen wreath with the plaid bow . landon for I . Christmas be all about the smell . landon lean the wreath in the window . harold keene -- the old man from the accident , watch from he bed , baffle . landon pine 's my favorite . that and cider with clove . landon pull a thermos from he coat pocket . unscrew the cap . find a drink cup . pour in cider . offer harold the cup . harold who be you ? landon landon Carter . I be drive the car that -- harold you . landon me. harold take the cup , look landon over . landon appear genuinely contrite . landon I be very sorry -- harold what kind of a man be you , son ? pause . landon ( honest ) I do not know that I be -- a man . yet . I be work on it . ( continued ) 62 . continued : pause . harold I have work on it my whole life . harold reach under he pillow . pull out a small bottle of liquor . top off he cider . harold get yourself a glass . landon no . thanks . gotta keep my wit for the drive home . harold nod , like landon . harold you will sit a while . landon I will . ext . rural road - later that night landon speed , the window open , wind whipping , dire strait blasting . the camaro turn and brake and turn again , kick up gravel , raise hell . the car slide to a stop . int . camaro landon turn off the radio . sit still . wipe the rearview mirror clean , spotless . unty the dangle plastic skeleton and pocket it . ext . used car lot - next morning colorful banner and flag flap in the brisk wind . landon talk with a use car salesman . salesman eight hundred . landon it 's get a new V - 6 and transmission . alloy wheel . ( beat ) twelve hundred . ( continued ) 63. continued : salesman nine-fifty . landon New paint . extra chrome . not a scratch anywhere . salesman the interior be -- landon recondition . completely . be a collector 's someday . twelve hundred . they look at the camaro . shine in the sun . salesman you can not expect I to pay you for you -- attachment to that car . landon gaze at another dealership across the street , then adopt the surly , vaguely - threaten attitude of old . landon I do not . I expect you to pay I for yours . the salesman look from landon to the car . he pull a wad of cash from he pocket . wearily count out twelve bill . landon take the money , touch the camaro 's hood , then walk away . ext . beaufort high - front lawn - next morning the marquee read , " happy holidays ! " ext . school parking lot - same time one car . a old station wagon . at the parking space , a sign : " School principal only . " int . principal kelly office Kelly look up from paperwork . mr. kelly landon ? landon drop a fold wad of hundred on the desk . ( continued ) 64 . continued : landon for jefferson High . for book . mr. kelly ( suspicious ) where do you get -- ? landon ( angry ) it 's mine to give . I do not steal it . mr. kelly I do not say you do . but he tone imply it and landon 's already go . Kelly be immediately sorry . he go to he window and see landon pedal away on the old bike . ext . carter driveway - next day landon watch a tow truck lower the abandon yugo . when the car be down , he see Jamie stand on the sidewalk . ext . foot of driveway - moment later landon face Jamie . landon hey . jamie I hear what you do . thank you . he nod , but quickly change the subject . landon ( be : the yugo ) she great or what ? jamie why be you do all this ? to impress I ? landon no. ( beat ) but be you -- impressed ? she smile . ( continued ) 65 . continued : jamie like fire . landon what ? jamie you . she head for she father 's old pontiac . landon New Year 's Eve . would you go out with I ?! she stop . turn around . surprise . jamie yes . but not as a date date . landon why not ? jamie I be not allow to date . she smile and get in the car . ext . southern baptist church - next afternoon landon follow sign for the church office . int . hallway by reverend sullivan' office - moment later landon look into the reverend 's office . landon' Pov reverend Sullivan be sit behind he desk , examine legal - look document and record . he take he glass off , rub he eye . back to scene landon knock . the reverend look up , furrow he brow . landon reverend Sullivan . can I ask you something ? ( continued ) 66 . continued : rev . sullivan do it have to do with Jamie ? landon yes , sir . the reverend make a small motion and landon enter . int . reverend office landon do not sit . landon I would like to take Jamie to dinner on New Year 's Eve . rev . sullivan that will not be possible . he look back to he papers . end of conversation . landon I be sorry I have not always treat Jamie the way -- I should have . she deserve better . reverend Sullivan glance up . as if surprised landon be still there . landon I care for she . rev . sullivan I do not want to see she hurt . landon I would not do that -- rev . sullivan this week . landon ever again . the reverend look out the window . a gray day , cold , bitter , stark . he consider he option . rev . sullivan have she home by one . and drive carefully . 67 . ext . / int . yugo ( carter driveway ) - few day later landon 's under the yugo 's hood . josh , the kid from next door , be in the driver 's seat . landon start the engine . josh turn the key . nothing happen . under the hood , landon change something . landon again . josh try the engine again . still no go . landon change something else . landon one more time . josh try one more time . the engine roar , then die , then amazingly start again . it 's run . landon high - fives josh , then see a old station wagon turn in . ext./ int . station wagon - moment later Kelly hand a paper to landon . mr. kelly you grade for fall semester . they're -- good . landon ( incredulous ) you come here to give I my report card ? mr. kelly I have see student with record like yours go to j.c. for a couple of year , then transfer to a good college . landon understand what Kelly be imply . mr. kelly I would gladly write you a letter of recommendation . landon thank you . mr. kelly you be welcome . they shake hand . 68 . int . landon' bathroom - new year eve landon , dress with care , face the mirror and wet comb he hair . int . flauvin be - hour later a seafood joint on the waterfront . quaint , not fancy . twinkle light illuminate Jamie 's face . landon find she lovely . Jamie pick . jamie I can not believe you ask my father 's permission . landon I want this to be a date . she watch landon , happy , then perplex . jamie' Pov landon wolfing down he food . back to scene jamie be there a rush ? landon I have to get you home by one . jamie it 's only 7:30 . landon we be go somewhere . after . and no . I do not ask you father . int . yugo - traveling - night landon drive . the car ' " tonight she come " plays . he belch loudly , dramatically . jamie Excuse you . landon you turn . ( continued ) 69 . continued : jamie ( laugh ) no . landon I know you want to . she grin . and try . a small burp . landon bring the air all the way up from you stomach . he belch again . just as loud . she try again , laugh . ext . yugo landon steer the car into a parking lot for a miniature golf course with a castle - shape video arcade and Little League diamond . a family entertainment center . int . yugo Jamie see where they be . landon before we do this . jamie we be do something -- ? landon before we do this , I just want to say that a good life 's gotta be about more than achieve stuff -- like on you list . she wait for more . landon it 's about work with what you already have -- right now -- at you fingertip -- you know , spontaneously . jamie what be you talk about ? landon that little bit of larceny in you heart . ( continued ) 70 . continued : jamie Excuse I ? landon fun. int . batting cage - night Jamie 's in the cage with a helmet on . a machine toss ball . landon coaches from outside . landon swing ! keep you bat parallel to the ground . follow through . follow through ! Jamie be laugh too hard to hit anything . the ball keep come . she duck out of the way and grasp the fence and lean in . landon lean in on he side . they would be embrace if the fence be not there . in the b.g. , kid from they school . giggle , whisper . landon look over at they . landon ( to Jamie ) let 's go . ext . highway - traveling - night the yugo roar down the asphalt . a sign for the approach state line whip by . int . yugo - traveling - night Jamie and landon . with stevie nick ' " talk to I " on the radio . landon the cell in we body be always change . in six or seven year all you cell have change . you could be like a completely new person from the inside out . jamie that what 's happen to you , only faster ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : he grin . pull the car over . landon get out . come on . he leap out , leave the headlight on . ext . country road - night landon take Jamie 's hand and pull she toward some invisible place . jamie where -- what -- be we -- ? he keep tug she . she follow he . laugh . landon stand right here . jamie where ? he lean down and lift one of she foot a foot from the other . he notice a large bruise on she leg . she brushes she dress down . jamie you be act like a crazy person . landon you be straddle the state line . you be in two place at once . she 's thrilled at he solution to she wish . he walk to the shoulder of the road . landon repeat after I . huh ? he do a cartwheel . she laugh . jamie I can not . landon I be gonna teach you . ext . beach ( neuse river ) - late night a starry night with a bright moon . glimmer silver water . Jamie and landon walk onto a dock . distant firework boom . ( continued ) 72 . continued : jamie it 's place like this that make I certain there 's a God . landon ( surprised ) you be sometimes not sure ? jamie I be sure . pretty sure . they reach the end of the dock . she turn to face the wind . it blow she hair . she turn he face the same way . jamie it 's like the wind . I can not see it but I feel it . he close he eye . feeling the wind . open they again , rejecting the idea . landon we can measure wind . jamie uncertainty make you uncomfortable . landon what do you actually know with religion ? jamie wonder . beauty . joy. ( beat , quieter ) Love . she 's embarrassed . she try to avoid imply anything . jamie my mother tell I God be love , so when you be feel love , you be feel god. ( beat ) I think talk about this thing -- threaten they very beauty and mystery . her tone be matter - of - fact , but landon 's get a serious and tender look on he face . he touch she hair . ( continued ) 73. continued : jamie ( almost a whisper ) I do not understand ... landon maybe you be not suppose to . he move closer . landon I might kiss you . she look down . shy . jamie I might do it wrong . landon ( tenderly ) not possible . he touch she neck , she cheek , she mouth . then lean in and kiss she . a tender , soft kiss . he pull away . they look at each other a moment . landon I love you , Jamie . there , he put it out there , risk look and feel foolish . not the old landon . Jamie look away . mix emotion . happy and sad . landon ( gently ) now 's when you say something . jamie ( overwhelm ) I can not . ( beat ) I can not -- explain . she turn back to he , she eye shine . she touch he face and they kiss again , deeply . but after a few moment , she drop she chin onto he shoulder . smiling , glow even , but slightly aloof , stare at the water . he pull away slightly to study she face . he touch she cheek and bring she back from wherever she 's be . jamie you make I feel ... ( continued ) 74 . continued : landon ( hopeful ) love ? jamie ( smile ) that . and less strange . tear run down she cheek . landon wipe they away with he thumb , attribute they to happiness . ext . parsonage - front porch - later landon follow Jamie up the step . the light in the live room be on . through the window , they can see she father take down the Christmas tree . jamie be very quiet . he pull she to he . kiss she . the front door open . rev . sullivan ( embarrassed ) hello , landon . landon and Jamie separate , but landon keep a arm over she shoulder . landon hey , reverend . reverend Sullivan study the two young people . landon ( whisper to Jamie ) happy New Year . and he go . Jamie walk by she father and into the house . not say anything . he watch she . what have he allow ? ext . beaufort high - courtyard - day landon and Jamie head into school . landon nod to belinda , other . they glare back . landon ( to belinda and other ) what 's you damage ? 75 . int . corridor - moment later landon and Jamie arrive at he locker . it 's be kick in . landon asshole . this happen to you ? jamie twice a year . bang , bang , bang . landon kick in every locker in he row . a dozen in all . Jamie watch , a little frighten by he anger . but then he turn to she and grin . landon now they all match . int . cafeteria - noon landon eat alone , ignore by Eric and clay . Jamie approach with she tray , red -face , tearful . she hesitates about sit -- feel bad that landon 's be diminish , ostracize . she think he do not see she . but as she turn to leave , he pull a chair out for she and smile . she sit . landon see she face . landon what 's wr--? jamie ( choke up ) the Challenger explode . principal Kelly 's about to make a announcement . the public address system crackle . landon take Jamie 's hand as the room hush . landon come on . jamie where ? landon away from here . ext . FIRE tower ( conservation land ) - stair - hour later landon lead Jamie up , round and round , to the top of the tall steel tower . 76 . ext . top of tower - viewing area they exit the staircase to a small 360 degree overlook . Jamie 's amaze at the view . jamie how do you know this place ? landon before the divorce . my father use to take I here . Fire spot be he summer job . they look off to the curve of the horizon , where sea meet sky . landon from here he prove to I the earth be not flat . ( beat ) on rainy day , we would be above the cloud . jamie what would you do up here ? landon look . talk . not talk . he pull a deck of card from he jacket pocket . they sit and he start to shuffle . not too well . Jamie take the deck . shuffle like a card shark . ext . cemetery - rear gate - night ( few day later ) Jamie be already wait when landon 's yugo pull up . he get out , walk to she , they kiss . landon what would you tell you father ? jamie the truth . I just leave you out of it . she climb up and over the wall . he follow . ext . inside cemetery - minute later Jamie fit the piece of she telescope together . landon when do you build this ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : jamie I be twelve . landon shake he head , amaze . jamie it 's not that complicated . landon doubt this . jamie it 's a alt -azimuth design with one parabolic mirror and one secondary flat one . landon where 's the one you be building ? jamie in my back yard . ( pause , embarrassed ) I lie before . it 's hardly start . but when it 's do , it will have twice the power of this one -- landon wait , back up . you lie ? jamie kinda . yeah . he grin , loving she even more . jamie so what do you want to see ? landon Mars . jamie Mars do not rise until 2:30 a.m. -- he open he backpack . pull out the content . landon a thermos of hot coffee . a blanket . sock . jamie you plan this -- ( continued ) 78 . continued : landon hope for it . pause . jamie be you try to seduce I ? landon no . why ? be you seducible ? jamie ( firm , but smile ) no . landon that 's what I think . he reach back into he backpack . pull out a second blanket . landon ergo , a second blanket . one for I , one for you . he hand she one . she take it , smile , reassure . jamie ergo ? landon ( slightly embarrassed ) what about you father ? jamie I be always home by midnight and he 's always asleep . int . parsonage - reverend sullivan' bedroom - midnight reverend Sullivan sit up in bed . his foot find slipper on the floor . int . jamie' bedroom - moment later reverend Sullivan , wear a robe , enter quietly . check on he daughter . her bed be empty . ext . STREET to access road - later the old pontiac slow . 79 . int . old pontiac reverend Sullivan look down the access road to the rear cemetery gate . reverend Pov the yugo park by the gate . back to scene the reverend struggle with what to do . after a moment , he decide not to interfere ; he will pick he moment . he keep drive . int . cemetery Jamie and landon be look at the heaven through the telescope . landon where 's Pluto ? jamie in Virgo , but it 's about 1000 time too faint to see . landon what 's the best thing I can see tonight ? jamie me. he draw she close , they kiss . she shyly pull away . they hand still touch until she look again into the telescope eyepiece . jamie the second best thing be Jupiter . she swivel the telescope into position for Jupiter and step aside so he can look . but he pick up the flashlight , pull a diagram from he pocket . landon can you locate xxi5639i ? jamie sure . she take the diagram , study it , and adjust the scope . ( continued ) 80 . continued : jamie here . why be I look at this star ? landon because I have it name for you . I know it 's not a official designation -- she could not be happier . she reach for he hand . jamie it 's wonderful . I love you . it 's the first time he 's hear it . he pull she into he arm . they kiss . passionately . she start to object . landon ( respect she boundary ) okay . I be stop . and he do . they snuggle . silence , then : landon what 's number one ? Long pause . jamie ( very shy ) in April when the dogwood and wisteria be bloom ... get marry . he do not make fun . he stroke she hair . kiss she forehead . int . kitchen - 5 am landon enter from outside . Cynthia , still in she waitress uniform , be sit at the table , drink coffee . cynthia a late night or a early morning ? landon ( honest ) late night . ( smart -aleck ) you ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : cynthia be you with Jamie ? landon yeah . cynthia you sleep with she ? landon do not dignify this question with a answer . cynthia I be clean yesterday . I find this . she pull landon 's life list from she pocket . landon be horrify . she read it . cynthia scuba dive . touch a moon rock . learn to read egyptian hieroglyphs . go to college ? ( pause ) she talk to you ' bout this stuff ? landon do not answer . she put the list on the table . smoothes it . gently discouraging . cynthia honey , some of this be ... farfetch . you take after I . people skill and common sense . good dependable quality . landon I could take after dad , too . cynthia you do . you be handsome and charming . landon I mean he 's a doctor . cynthia that 's eight year of school and training -- after college . and all that do not necessarily make you a better human be . landon I could do it if I try . even Kelly think so . ( continued ) 82. continued : cynthia that would be something . she do not want to discourage he , but she want he to be practical and realistic . cynthia but if it do not happen , grab for something within reach . life 's tough enough without cause yourself disappointment -- landon ( angry now ) whatever my life be , I be go to be friggin ' sure I be never disappointed -- cynthia ( honest ) disappointment be not something anyone plan for . ( quieter ) it catch you by surprise . Long pause . they be both sorry to have raise they voice . cynthia have I tell you how proud I be of you -- ? landon Mom , great . but what I want be for I to be proud of I . int . parsonage - sullivan dine room - evening landon eat dinner with Jamie and reverend Sullivan . silence , then : rev . sullivan landon . you be not the quiet type . landon no. rev . sullivan so talk to we about something . landon like what , sir ? ( continued ) 83. continued : rev . sullivan you decide . landon search he mind for just the right subject . rev . sullivan how about you family ? landon okay . sure. ( beat ) my grandfather . when he be seven , he shook the hand of a old guy , a war vet or something , who have once shake President lincoln 's hand . ( pause ) make a big impression on he . reverend Sullivan look at he daughter . she 's nodd , interested . landon my cousin Mike . he 's from a big family . he 's the fifth kid . he hear that every fifth child in the world be chinese . so he think he be . Jamie smile . landon we do not tell he any different for year -- rev . sullivan ( get to the point ) you parent be divorced ? landon since I be five . my mom 's a cocktail waitress . rev . sullivan how do you -- the two of you -- get by ? landon materially or spiritually ? rev . sullivan ( surprised ) either . both . ( continued ) 84 . continued : landon ( honest ) I do not know . we use to try to believe in each other . his eye meet the reverend 's . the reverend 's get to respect he some . int . sullivan kitchen - night reverend Sullivan look out the window into the back yard . he Pov Jamie show landon the junk pile that will become she new , larger telescope . they be laugh , jostling each other , comfortable , happy . int . parsonage - sullivan kitchen - later that night reverend Sullivan and Jamie put the dish away . rev . sullivan you and the Carter boy . want to catch I up on recent development ? jamie you be ask if we be involved ? rev . sullivan I be ask how much . jamie dad -- rev . sullivan it 's time to tell he . ( pause ) it would be the right thing . she turn to he , upset . her anger spilling out . jamie maybe . but that 's not the real reason . you think if I tell , he will disappear and that 's what you want ! I all to yourself ! ( continued ) 85 . continued : rev . sullivan ( calm , stung ) no . I want what 's best for you . jamie this -- he -- landon -- be what 's best for I ! rev . sullivan you be sure ? you be sure you can trust he ? he 's play to she old insecurity . she 's not one hundred percent sure . rev . sullivan ( gentler ) be not it better to know ? they eye meet . she know he 's right . ext . movie theater - evening ( early february ) ferris bueller 's Day off and Three amigo ! on the marquee . landon and Jamie exit as belinda and a new boyfriend buy ticket . clay and Eric and a crowd behind they . landon hey , belinda . she take she boyfriend 's arm , turn away , snubbing he . landon clay , Eric . Eric say something inaudible and the whole crowd snigger and laugh . he 's become landon . landon redden , now realize for certain that he 's become a Jamie Sullivan . ext . sidewalk ( downtown beaufort ) - moment later landon and Jamie walk . the theater in the b.g. jamie ( be : he status ) from citizen high to citizen low . landon I do not care . ( continued ) 86 . continued : jamie Care , but just do not let it get to you . it give they power . landon that what you do ? jamie yes . I try to keep my power . he 's impressed with how she manage . landon one of you secret . jamie ( serious ) yes , one of many . he do not notice she tone . int . yugo - traveling - night whitney houston 's " how will I know ? " on the radio . Jamie flip the radio off . she 's get something on she mind . landon notice only that she seem a bit remote . landon you be worried about you college application . jamie I be not apply to college . landon ( stunne ) but you say -- jamie no , you assume . he look at she , question . she 's look out she window . landon you be go to take a year off ? join the peace Corps -- ? jamie no . landon what be you go to -- ? ( continued ) 87 . continued : jamie pull over . landon where ? why ? jamie pull over . now. please . tear be run down she face . he pull the car over . ext . wood by side of road - moment later Jamie get out of the car . landon quickly follow . landon Jamie -- jamie I be sick . landon then I will take you home . you will feel better tomorrow . he try to take she arm . she shake off he hand , step back . wanting to be hear and understand . jamie landon . I be sick -- with leukemia . landon try to say something . nothing come out . his soul numb . jamie I find out last winter . I be not respond to treatment anymore . his face crumple with pain and anguish . landon why do not you tell I ? jamie the doctor say to do everything the same as long as possible . ( pause ) I do not want anyone be -- weird around I . landon include I ?! ( continued ) 88. continued : jamie especially you . ( long beat ) God give I a illness , then you . a cruel joke . she get in the car . slam she door shut . he stand there , not know what to do . ext . yugo - traveling - later landon pull up in front of Jamie 's house . a long quiet ride . landon I be not let you die . Jamie just look at he . feeling sorry for he -- what he want do not matter . int . sullivan kitchen - late night the reverend and landon drink coffee . rev . sullivan it 's she decision and she 's decide not to tell people -- at least for now . landon how -- how long do she have ? rev . sullivan two , three month . maybe less . maybe more . landon so you have give up . reverend Sullivan hear the challenge in he voice . rev . sullivan her doctor have . Jamie and I . we be still praying for a miracle . landon ( disdainful ) pray . rev . sullivan landon . we have live with this for over a year now and -- ( continued ) 89 . continued : landon if there be a God , how could he let this happen ??!! it 's a long answer and by the time the reverend open he mouth to explain , landon 's out the door . ext . highway - night moonless dark . few car . the yugo rip down the road . landon open a map over the steering wheel . turn on the dome light . look at the return address on a old letter . ext . CITY street ( raleigh ) - 3 a.m. landon 's yugo wind through city street . ext . residential neighborhood ( raleigh ) - minute later mansion . Big lawn . the yugo slow as landon lean forward to read a street sign . his face be tear-streaked . he flick he headlight to bright , then low again . the car turn leave . ext . dr . carter' home - minute later large new colonial . landon slam he car door and stand in the street . stare at he father 's house . he head up a flagstone path for the front door . ext . front door - moment later landon ring the resounding ding - dong bell , then bang on the heavy wood door . grief-stricken . landon Dr. Carter !... Carter !... dad ! please !! I have to talk to you !! int . dr . carter' home elegant , thick carpet . Dr. Carter , put on he robe , part the silk drape in the upstairs hall . 90 . dr . carter' Pov his son stand on the front lawn . distraught , tearful . landon open the door ! please !! ext . dr . carter' home landon back away from the house . angrily kick over a decorative planter . be halfway to he car when Dr. Carter open the door and come out . dr . carter landon ! landon do not hear . dr . carter landon !! landon turn around . see he father . break down , sobbing . his father go to he . hug he , a big bear hug . landon you have to save she ! dr . carter landon , who ? be you mother all right ? light pop upstairs . landon it 's Jamie -- my girlfriend -- she have cancer -- you have to come look at she -- right now ! dr . carter ( calm , try to diffuse ) it 's the middle of the night -- landon I do not give a shit what time it be ! landon pull away . angrier . dr . carter landon , I be a cardiologist , not a oncologist -- ( continued ) 91 . continued : landon you be a doctor , be not you ?!! he wave he father off , dismiss he . dr . carter landon ! I will look into it !! but landon have not hear . he 's in he car . Dr. Carter watch he son 's car move away , regretful . int . carter kitchen - dawn landon quietly shut the back door . exhausted . start make coffee . Cynthia appear . cynthia you father call . no response . cynthia Jamie 's a patient at he hospital . he 's have a colleague look at she chart this morning . Long pause . cynthia I be sorry . I do not know . landon I do not know either . ext . parsonage - early morning the yugo park in the driveway . the morning paper lie on the grass . landon pace in front of the front porch . incapable of ringing the bell , lack the courage , lack the right word . upstair , the curtain move . int . jamie' bedroom Jamie look out the window . jamie' Pov landon pace , talk to himself . 92 . back to scene she start to raise the window , to say something , to help he , but then let the curtain drop . she need for he to decide , for he to be ready to face this with she . the sound of a car . she look out the window again . jamie' Pov the yugo drive away . int . landon' bedroom - later that day landon lie on he bed in the dark . the phone ring . landon stare at he extension . the ringing stop . a voice from downstairs . cynthia ( o.s. ) it 's you father . landon pick up he phone . int . upstair hall - two minute later the door to landon 's room be ajar . Cynthia wait outside . listen . hear nothing . she push the door open . cynthia' Pov landon sit on he bed . deflate . landon he can not do anything . back to scene Cynthia be pain to see he suffer . cynthia if it 's incurable -- landon I tell he to leave I alone . cynthia landon -- landon ( be : Jamie ) it be the only thing I have ever ask he ! 93. int . landon' bedroom - evening ( next day ) landon 's still in bed . facing the wall . Cynthia knock . enter with a plate of food . cynthia I bring some dinner . no response . she leave the tray and go . int . parsonage - sullivan kitchen - same time Jamie and she father eat dinner . Jamie be red-ey , heartbroken . jamie ( not sure at all ) he will call . rev . sullivan I want to think he would change . jamie ( angry ) no you do not . ( beat ) but he do change . just not enough . rev . sullivan Jamie , you be not mad at I . you be mad at landon -- jamie ( furious ) I be mad at you ! and at landon ! and the universe ! and God ! ( quieter ) I do not even know where to put all my anger . rev . sullivan that 's normal . God accept you anger . he will not punish you . jamie by make I ill , he be punish I ! ( quieter ) I just do not know what for . she flee the room . 94 . another angle - continuous action go up the stair . keeps go . up another flight to the attic . int . parsonage attic - minute later Jamie open a closet door . pull out a dress , a scarf , jewelry , a wear book -- she mother 's belonging . she open the book and start to weep . miss she mother . foot of attic stair reverend Sullivan stand , look up at the attic stair . frustrate , angry , worried . int . landon' bedroom - next day landon be still in bed . Cynthia enter . pull back the curtain . yank up the shade . cynthia I do not care if you do not leave the house . but you have to get out of bed . int . carter kitchen - few minute later landon sit at the kitchen table . Cynthia pour he a cup of coffee . cynthia you and I may not be communicate very well right now . but let I be clear . do not make this about you . it 's about she . pause . her word sink in . landon I have no idea what to say . how to act . what if I do the wrong thing ? cynthia ( gently ) be yourself and I do not think there be a wrong thing . ( beat ) let Jamie take the lead . she will let you know what she need . 95 . ext . parsonage - front porch - little later before landon can ring the bell , the front door open . the reverend . landon run past he into the house . landon where 's Jamie ?! rev . sullivan at school . where you should be . oh. int . beaufort high - corridor - half hour later desert , class be meeting . landon run , slide to a stop at one classroom door . look in , keep go , stop at another . search . this be jamie' Pov from the top of the hallway . jamie she stand , hold she book , watch he , unsure . landon finally feel she gaze , turn to look . jamie turn away , still angry and disappointed . landon run to she . landon Jamie ! he catch up to she . jamie and landon face each other . neither sure what to say . landon I be so sorry . I be a coward -- ( continued ) 96 . continued : jamie I should have tell you sooner -- landon ( guilt-ridd ) I make you do too many thing , keep you up all night -- jamie no . the drug just stop work . if anything , do thing I love keep I healthy longer . pause . landon be you frighten ? jamie all the time . ( beat ) I feel like I have no one . she mean not even God and he get this . landon you have I . he hug she close , rock she , comforting she and himself . jamie help I live until I die ? landon I will . int . school auditorium - evening ( mid - february ) a small group of student sit on stage read from we town , rehearse . Jamie and landon sit together in the third row , hold hand . landon glance at she , realize she 's asleep . pull she sweater over she . int . jefferson high - library - saturday morning landon sit with Luis ; Jamie at the next table with isabel . she look pale . he catch she eye . they both smile , a little sadly , then turn back to they student . 97 . int . yugo - traveling landon drive they home from jefferson High . no music . landon they be go to build a tunnel under the English Channel . they be call it the chunnel . no response . landon you hungry ? jamie nope . landon anything you want . jamie nothing . he reach into a cooler on the floor of the back seat . landon slim Jim ? Apple ? yogurt ? you like yogurt . jamie I use to like yogurt . he place a red heart - shape box in she lap . landon ( apologetic ) not very original . happy Valentine 's Day . he grin . she look crestfallen , feel terrible . jamie I do not even think about it . he take a chocolate . pop it in he mouth . grin . landon there . you give I a chocolate . landon' Pov ( through jamie' telescope ) - vast STAR field pull back to reveal ... 98 . ext . cemetery - night Jamie and landon be look at star . a long quiet moment . landon what be you think ? jamie ( honest ) that I want you to take I home . landon now ? we just -- jamie I do not want to come here anymore . she begin take the telescope apart . depress . ext . cemetery gate - half hour later Jamie look at the high fence , weary , then reach into a pocket for a key . unlock the gate . swing the gate open . landon 's astonished . landon you have a key ? jamie yeah . I have just never need it . ( pause ) will you talk to my father ? landon I have talk to you father . jamie that 's what I mean . they eye meet . her look be serious . ext . parsonage - back yard - next day reverend Sullivan be up a ladder . Cleaning a gutter . landon stand below , a few foot away , gather he nerve . he walk over . on ladder the reverend be busy ignore landon stand below . a long beat , then : ( continued ) 99 . continued : landon ( call up ) sir. be ignore be beginning to feel preferable to be notice . the reverend look down . landon I will be honest . I do not know if I can pray , but I can do just about anything else . neither landon nor the reverend see Jamie come out of the house and walk over . on ground landon shield he eye with a hand to see the reverend better . landon whatever you need . whatever Jamie need . I be here . ( beat ) I could start by drive she to school -- jamie I be not go back to school . landon and she father both turn to she . pale , wane . they understand what she be say . jamie you can tell anyone you want . I do not care . she go into the house . landon and reverend Sullivan look at each other , then away , uncomfortable . that do not sound like she . int . beaufort high - hallway - monday morning landon , look haggard , move slowly as he clean out Jamie 's locker . student stare as he carefully place she thing , include the pink sweater , in a shopping bag . they part and hush as he pass by . News travel fast . clay and Eric step forward . ( continued ) 100 . continued : clay hey. landon . eric we hear ' bout Jamie Sullivan . she -- landon ( fierce ) say nothing . nothing ' bout she . eric ( misunderstand , genuine ) no. hey . we be sorry , man ! landon turn back . surprise . inspect belinda . eric. clay . other . no one speak . landon too late and not enough . he push past belinda 's new boyfriend , head for the office . int . principal kelly office - day Mr. Kelly and landon . landon I know it mean not graduate , but I need to be excuse from all school acti-- mr. kelly you be excuse . landon head for the door . mr. kelly how be she ? landon can not answer . too emotional . mr. kelly you will graduate . landon look up , astound . mr. kelly if I have to tutor you myself . landon nod , accept , appreciative . 101 . int . jamie' bedroom - later landon put away the content of the shopping bag . Jamie 's in bed , wear the sweater . jamie yesterday I feel sick , horrible . today I feel like riding my bike . or dance . he turn on the clock radio next to she bed . find a waltz . offer he hand . pull she out of bed . she 's in pajamas . jamie you know how to waltz ?? landon ( bashful ) I be go to fake it . jamie I always fake it . so they waltz , fake , stumbling and laugh , hold each other . int . parsonage - staircase - same time reverend Sullivan hear the music and laughter . he frown , afraid for Jamie 's health . int . jamie' bedroom Jamie grip landon 's arm , seem to slip , suddenly too exhaust to carry she weight . landon pick she up , gently carry she back to bed . settles she in . landon how you do ? jamie ( murmur ) tire . landon sit on she bed . stroke she hair . they look at each other . landon reach for she hand . when he look at she face again , she 's asleep . ext . landon be house - back yard - another day landon 's sit on he childhood tree swing , twist side to side . pensive . his mother come out of the house . ( continued ) 102 . continued : landon time seem to be slow down and speed up at the same time . she reach to put a hand on he shoulder . he let she . ext . cemetery - early MARCH the rear gate be open . a caretaker wait while landon carry piece of the older telescope to he car . a tall pile of part be already at he car . Eric and clay drive up in Eric 's pickup . gravel fly . music blasting . int . pickup Eric and clay spy landon . ext . cemetery landon freeze , not sure what to expect . ext . pickup the truck make a circle around landon , then stop . the music quiet . Eric and clay jump down . a long tense moment , then : eric hey . landon hey . without a word , clay walk to the yugo , lift the heaviest telescope part , and carry it to the bed of the pickup . Eric follow suit . ext . parsonage - back yard - later landon study the piece of the smaller telescope and how they fit together . they be like a map for how to build the bigger one . ext . parsonage driveway - next day landon unload a impossibly large round cardboard concrete form - tube from he car . carry it around the house toward the back yard . 103 . int . jamie' bedroom - same time Jamie wake from a nap . she look thin , grayer . she hear hammering . she haul herself up and to a window . jamie' Pov landon work on the new telescope . he look up at she window . see she there . smile . back to scene reverend Sullivan come in to check on Jamie . she 's stand at the window . rev . sullivan what 's that boy do ? she turn to look at he and collapse into he arm . int . hospital - patient room - night Jamie lie in bed , eye close . hook to monitor , pump , a iv drip . landon hold she hand . reverend Sullivan talk quietly with a doctor . hear bad news . ext . hospital - dawn the sky be pink . a squirrel run along a telephone wire . the yugo be the only car in the visitor lot . int . patient room landon , in yesterday 's clothes , doze lightly . Jamie move and he start , fully awake . she open she eye . landon you okay ? she nod . sleepy . close she eye again . he rest he head on she shoulder and weep . her eye open , then close again . there 's nothing to say . int . corridor outside jamie' room - same time reverend Sullivan look through the window in the door at the scene within . he hesitates , then push the door open . 104 . int . patient room reverend Sullivan enter . rev . sullivan landon . you go on home . landon I be not tired . rev . sullivan I need to be with she . there 's only one chair . landon nod and go . the reverend sit , close he eye a moment . when he open they , she 's look at he . jamie dad . he kiss she forehead , then sit back . jamie so serious . rev . sullivan Jamie , God be not punish you . no God I know want anyone to be sick or feel pain or suffer . pause . jamie when Mom die you tell I God want she more , love she more -- rev . sullivan I be wrong . nobody could have want or love you mother more than we do . not even God . he let this sink in . rev . sullivan God loan you to I , entrust you to my care . I be fail you . she look away , agree without say so . rev . sullivan Jamie . I make you the same promise that God do . ( beat ) I will always be with you . ( continued ) 105 . continued : she sit up and embrace he . he wrap he arm around she . tight . she close she eye , tear welling , never want to let he go . her father . ext . beaufort high school - hour later on the marquee on the front lawn : " welcome haley' comet . " the yugo park in the b.g. int . principal kelly office - minute later landon pick up a pile of book and assignment . look through they , then eye miss tarbox . landon where 's Jamie 's book ?! miss tarbox that 's everything Mr. Kelly give I . landon ( insistent ) the next book on that list ! the Old man and ... and ... miss tarbox the Sea . landon yeah . I need it today ! Mr. Kelly step out of he inner office . see landon 's anguish face , he exhaustion . mr. kelly I will drive a copy over to she . landon nod he appreciation . int . hospital - patient room - day Jamie look smaller . her eye have blue circle beneath . the hemingway novel on the bedstand . belinda push the door open . peek in . not sure she be welcome . landon be sit in a chair . he see she , motion for she to come in . quietly . belinda she asleep ? ( continued ) 106 . continued : landon I will tell she you be here . pause . awkwardness . belinda give she this , okay ? she hand landon a small photo album . belinda picture from the play . Jamie look pretty -- landon I be sorry about how we -- belinda ( conciliatory ) no. you be with who you should be . it 's like she choose you . landon ( agree ) and I have no idea why . belinda I do . she hug he quickly , then leave . landon go to the window , look out . same scene - hour later the sky be grayer , darker . landon be still at the window . Jamie wake . jamie hi. he go to she side . landon hey . he kiss she . jamie I have something for you . she reach under she pillow for the wear book from the attic . she offer it to landon . ( continued ) 107 . continued : jamie ( smile ) do not worry . it 's not a Bible . he take it . jamie my mother make it for I before I be bear . ( beat ) it 's get quote from famous people . her favorite line from book . her thought . landon look at a page . landon ( read ) ' what be a friend ? a single soul dwelling in two body . ' aristotle . jamie lower . same page . landon ( read ) ' find out who you be and do it on purpose . ' dolly parton . a bookmark fall out . he study that page a moment . close on passage from corinthian . back to scene landon read it . landon ' Love be always patient and kind . it be never boastful or conceit -- ' jamie that be read at my parent ' wedding . he take she hand . hold it . ( continued ) 108 . continued : landon how're you do ? jamie ( look away ) better . I be really angry . landon I know . jamie it 's go now . landon ( gently ) because you have hope that you will get better ? jamie no. ( pause , shrugging , accept ) maybe I believe God have a bigger dream for I than I have for myself . ( beat ) maybe I believe the journey , the big adventure , never end ... he kneel on the floor . put he head on she pillow next to hers . jamie maybe I believe God send you to I because I be ill . to help I through . he touch she face tenderly . jamie ( almost whisper ) I want to go home . pause . he get she meaning . landon ( try not to break ) I will talk to you father . jamie ( look away ) it 's not that simple . ( pause ) it cost money to do this at home . 109 . int . carter live room - evening Cynthia pace , talk on the phone , worried . the front door be wide open . cynthia ( into phone ) ... he do not talk to I , maybe not to anyone , except Jamie ... she stand in the doorway and look out . cynthia' Pov landon in he car in the driveway . int . landon' car landon just sit . exhausted , despondent . int . carter live room Cynthia pace . cynthia ( into phone ) ... I have never ask you for extra . but we need it now ... as soon as possible ... int . hospital - patient room - another afternoon Jamie 's breathe be shallower . landon 's read she the shelter Sky . he pause , look up . isabel , Jamie 's student , be stand in the doorway . Jamie see she too . she smile weakly . jamie isabel ? isabel ( shy ) hi. isabel come in . landon offer she the book . she take it and keep go from where landon leave off . stumble but read . Jamie grin . jamie who 's be work with you ? isabel look shyly at landon . Jamie shake she head , amaze . landon nod to isabel and she begin read again . 110 . ext . carter back step - that night landon quietly open the back door to the kitchen . he Pov Cynthia sit at the table with Dr. Carter , he father . cynthia sit with we a minute . int . carter kitchen landon enter , but do not sit . landon ( to he father ) what be you do here ? cynthia he want to talk to you . landon ( to he mother ) now it 's okay ? cynthia landon . you have two parent . we be both here for you even -- dr . carter -- even if we be not here for each other anymore . landon be listen . dr . carter I want to do this . please let I . he hold out a check . for a lot of money . landon take it . grateful . landon ( quietly , to both parent ) thank you . int . parsonage - jamie' bedroom - day a smaller Jamie lie in a hospital bed , seemingly asleep . hook to a iv . bottle of pill . landon doze in a comfortable chair . a nurse sit in a corner , read . ( continued ) 111 . continued : Eric and clay stand in the doorway , not sure what to do . Jamie open she eye , smile . jamie do not wake landon . they tiptoe in . stand on either side of she bed . jamie do I look scary ? eric not too bad . clay you all right ? a dumb question but she handle it well . jamie ( smile ) thing could be better . awkward pause . clay we think you would be asleep -- jamie ( try to help ) I do not know what to say either . clay hand she a envelope . jamie what be it ? she pull out a stack of wear bill . clay for the book drive . landon tell we about it -- eric we tell everyone at school . Jamie take they hand , hold they . thanking they silently . her eye shine with tear . int . landon' bedroom - late night landon sit at he desk , sketching the larger telescope , make a few computation . ( continued ) 112 . continued : a library book on Haley 's comet be open . a stack of similar book by he elbow . Cynthia enter wear she waitress outfit . cynthia what can I do ? he shrug . tear fill he eye . landon everything 's be do but it 's not enough . I have to find something -- more . cynthia ( gently ) landon , honey . there 's nothing more . landon I do not mean about Jamie be sick . I mean about Jamie and I . cynthia be with she when she want . make sure she never feel alone . landon think he mother be also talk about herself . landon Mom , I be not go anywhere . not yet anyway . pause . cynthia when you be ready , I want you to feel free to go . they embrace . int . landon' bedroom - later landon open Jamie 's mother 's book . a photo of Jamie fall out -- one take by belinda . close on photo Jamie , beautiful , smile at the audience . 113 . landon consider the photo , find a page to tuck it into . close on handwritten jotting " for landon " above some underline text , a psalm from the Bible . landon ( read aloud ) ' I cry to you my Lord , my rock ! do not be deaf to I , for if you be silent , I shall go down to the pit like the rest . hear my voice raise in petition as I cry to you for help , as I raise my hand , my Lord , toward you holy of holy . ' landon know Jamie underline this for he . int . live room - moment later landon tear down the step . past he mother to the front door . he 's out the door before she even turn around . int . parsonage - reverend sullivan' bedroom - midnight reverend Sullivan sit up in bed . his foot find slipper on the floor . he look haggard , he hair thin , he face defeat . int . jamie' bedroom - moment later the reverend , wear he robe , check on he sleep daughter . the night nurse nod as he tuck in blanket . a SOUND . then another . reverend Sullivan go to the window . part the drape . look out . he Pov a dozen flashlight in a big circle . landon in the middle , work feverishly on the new telescope . ext . back yard - moment later the back porch light come on . reverend Sullivan step out onto the back porch . landon look up . ( continued ) 114 . continued : landon ( flush , almost manic ) I have to finish it tonight . without a word , the reverend turn around and go back inside . leave the porch light on . landon go back to work . ext . back yard - minute later reverend Sullivan come out . dress . he carry two mug of coffee and a brightly burn kerosene camp lantern . peace offering . he walk over , set down the lantern , hand landon a mug . ready to work . landon I have almost finish the rocker . do she order mirror ? rev . sullivan in there . as they walk to the garage . rev . sullivan you have material for the side bearing ? landon I be use a old phonographic turntable . rev . sullivan for the focuser ? landon a chrome - plate brass pipe from a drain line . the reverend nod , impressed . he yank the garage door up . go in . landon you know about this stuff ? rev . sullivan I help Jamie with the first one . ( continued ) 115 . continued : landon ( surprised ) I think she build it herself . rev . sullivan she do . but hardly anyone do anything truly alone . the reverend carry out a large cardboard postal package . landon take it as the reverend lower the garage door . landon ( serious ) I need to do this alone . reverend Sullivan search landon 's face for a long moment , understanding , then turn and head for the back door . int . church - reverend office - next morning landon stand in the doorway . the reverend be wiping he glass , he face , maybe of tear . he see landon . rev . sullivan you finish ? landon a few minute ago . I have to ask you something . Long pause . rev . sullivan when I be seventeen , I be send up for a year for steal a car . ( beat ) sometimes I still feel that boy inside I and I do not like he . ( beat ) but I like you . the reverend stand , offer landon he hand . landon take it . the two man shake . ally now . int . jamie' room - that evening Jamie open she eye . but can barely keep they open . groggy from pain medication . landon 's stand there . shower , clean clothes . ( continued ) 116 . continued : landon we be go out . he start help the nurse disconnect she iv . jamie can I -- go out ? landon you will be fine for a few minute . Jamie look at the nurse . uncertain . the nurse nod . ext . parsonage roof - night landon carry Jamie out a large attic window . the finish large telescope be set up . point at the sky . she 's in she nightgown , wrap in a blanket . jamie ( grateful , touch it ) it 's beautiful ... thank you . but she look at the light of the house and street around they . jamie I do not know what we will be able to see ... help I stand . he check he watch . landon wait a sec . as she turn to he , question , the neighborhood suddenly darken as the street lamp and light in every nearby house be switch off . ext . down STREET neighbor step outside . hold up binocular . ext . beaufort high - parking lot member of the Star Club and other student look through traditional telescope . 117 . ext . parsonage roof Jamie hug landon in gratitude . landon we have five minute . Jamie , tear stream , brace herself against landon and she peer into the telescope eyepiece . she pull back , wipe she eye , then look again . she swing the telescope into the correct position . her Pov through telescope Haley 's comet , its icy nucleus issue the jet and streamer of gas , dust , and debris that form the comet 's hazy head and long tail . jamie ( o.s. ) the comet of the century ... back to scene she step back so he can see . he look quickly , then move aside so she can keep look . she 's completely engross . a long , quiet moment , then : landon you love I ? she lean away from the eyepiece and look at he -- yes . landon will you do something for I ? jamie landon . I can not even do for myself . landon but if you could , you would ? jamie yes . his throat tighten with nervousness , with hope , fear , sadness , and love . landon will you marry I ? her face illness , happiness , disbelief . 118 . ext . southern baptist church - early april a sea of pink , purple , and white blossom . dogwood , wisteria , azalea , and rose bloom . int . southern baptist church burst with everyone who know Jamie and landon -- every kid in they high school , include Eric , clay , belinda ; teacher , include Ms. garber ; Mr. Kelly ; Luis and isabel and other from jefferson High ; she father 's congregation ; Cynthia Carter ; Dr. Carter 's new wife and they two kid ; neighbor ; hospital staff and home nurse . landon stand with he father by the altar . the " wedding MARCH " begin ... the double door at the back of the church open . everyone turn to look at the bride . gasp of joy and sadness . landon be Pov - jamie flanke by a nurse and reverend Sullivan . she 's wear she lizzie dress from the play . it hang loosely , but still become she . she 's a beautiful bride . back to scene landon swell with pride . Jamie smile . then , lean on she father , she slowly make she way down the aisle . in the pews -- few dry eye follow she . Jamie -- halfway -- stop to rest and catch she breath . a moment later , she and she father continue . a long , difficult walk . a walk to remember . at altar the nurse roll a wheelchair up as Jamie and she father near . applause break out as Jamie reach landon 's side . Jamie sit . exhausted . ( continued ) 119 . continued : landon kneel to be the same height as Jamie in she chair . pause . Dr. Carter kneel . show solidarity with he son . reverend Sullivan , stand , lean down to kiss Jamie 's cheek . try to keep he emotion in check . landon and jamie' Pov reverend Sullivan tower over they . back to scene reverend Sullivan kneel , too . Jamie take landon 's hand in she right hand , she father 's hand in she leave . link the three together . the congregation silence . reverend Sullivan look up from he Bible . struggle . rev . sullivan as a father , I be suppose to give away my daughter . but I can no more give Jamie away than I can give away my heart . but I can let another share in the joy she have give I . May God 's blessing be with you both . he reach out , offer a hand to landon . complete the circle . rev . sullivan landon , repeat after I . do you take ... as word be speak and vow and ring exchange , the camera move across the face of that at the altar -- Jamie , landon , Dr. Carter . to the first row of the congregation -- Cynthia Carter , josh , Eric , clay . then back row by row as the reverend begin read a passage from the book Jamie 's mother make for she . his voice soft and melodious , like a poet read he own work . ( continued ) 120 . continued : rev . sullivan ( o.s. ) ' Love be always patient and kind . it be never jealous . Love be never boastful or conceit . it be never rude or selfish . it do not take offense and be not resentful . Love take no pleasure in other people 's sin , but delight in the truth . it be always ready to excuse , to trust , to hope , and to endure whatever come ... ' and the camera move out the double door to find ... parsonage in a different season . Winter . up the front step and into ... live room ( present day ) as it be now , in present day . the nurse disappear , leave landon Carter , 33 , wait . look at a frame photo of Jamie as lizzie in the rainmaker ... the nurse return , help a old man as he shuffles in . reverend Sullivan . he 's stoop , thin , bald . his skin parchment thin . the two man embrace . stiff , uncomfortable , uncertain . rev . sullivan you have be well ? landon yes . you ? rev . sullivan get by . pause . why be he here ? the reverend wait . landon ( fumble ) I be -- I be return something . he twist the ring on he finger . remove it . ( continued ) 121 . continued : landon this belong to you . he give he wedding ring to the reverend . pause . landon search for something meaningful to say . landon she teach I -- everything . she save my life . the reverend turn away , overcome with sadness . realizing now why landon have come . rev . sullivan you be marrying again . landon yes . rev . sullivan Jamie want that . she tell I . landon be grateful to know this . he make a move to go . then turn back . landon I be sorry she never get she miracle . rev . sullivan she do . it be you . landon , deeply touch , embrace the old man again . warmly , fully . two man still grieve , say good - bye . adult landon ( v.o. ) Jamie once say when you be feel love , you be also feel God . ext . neuse river - that afternoon landon walk alone . his hair and clothing tousle by a steady gentle wind . adult landon ( v.o. ) she make I a believer . in love . in life . in the journey that never end ... landon stop . face the wind . let the air swirl over he . ( continued ) 122. continued : adult landon ( v.o. ) ... and in the mystery of all thing you can not see but feel everywhere around you ... he close he eye . she 's there ... fade out . the end