a STAR be born screenplay by Eric roth and Bradley Cooper & will fetter base on the 1954 screenplay by moss hart and the 1976 screenplay by John Gregory dunne & Joan didion and Frank pierson base on a story by William wellman and Robert carson this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . final as filmed release date October 5 , 2018 warner bros . picture inc . '' 2018 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . ent . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved over black we hear : a distant crowd become restless . a guitar be tune . buying time ... the crowd 's cheer morph into '' jackson ... jackson ... jackson . '' fade in : int . dome tent - backstage — dusk silhouette of a man in a hat , head down . spit ... then -- emerging from the darkness : jackson ( jack ) maine ( early 40s ) pull out a prescription pill bottle , dump a few pill into he hand -- knock they back -- drink deeply from a gin on the rock , the alcohol spilling down he beard ... the await crowd just off in the b.g ... a male roadie slap he on the back . jack all right , let 's do it . he walk onto -- int . dome tent - MAIN stage —- continuous action the crowd erupting . with a wave , he fling off he hat and wield he guitar , he rhythm guitarist now opposite he ... and at once in tandem they unleash dueling guitar with the sheer force of rock and 's roll -- a explosion of sound as the speaker scream he latest hit , '' black eye '' -- jack ( sing ) ' Black eye open wide , it 's time to testify , there 's no room for lie , and everyone 's waitin’ for you , and I be go , sittin 's by the phone , and I be all alone , by the wayside , 's the stage light blaze from above as the song reach its fever pitch ... he may be a little drunk , but this be Jackson Maine in he element , a singer - songwriter with a mean guitar . he do not just play , it 's a all - out attack . and as the song end , we go -- int . suv - tight - jack 's profile - later camera flash zip by across he face ... stadium lighting fade away in the reflection as he knock back a bottle of gin -- int . biltmore HOTEL - bathroom - wide shot - day pan along the bottom of a number of stall . the bathroom seemingly empty ... until we hear a hushed voice and see two foot in heel in a stall down at the end . ally ( 0.s. ) ( into phone ) Roger ... you be a wonderful man , yes , and you be a great lawyer . we be just not mean to be together . another angle - inside the stall ally campana , ( early 30 ) be on she cell phone . ally ( into phone ) no , I do not wanna marry you -- be you crazy ?!? the hell 's the matter with you ? Roger , we be do . oh , God . she hang up , open the door to the stall , and scream bloody murder . ally Fucking man ! she pull herself together . int . biltmore - hallway - continuous action she walk past various catering server and staff with she best friend ramon -- he 's a aspire dancer with a sinewy body like a swimmer , flamboyant , wonderful . ramon do he cry ? ally he cry . he laugh . he yell at I . you know , whatever . ( continued ) continued : ramon you break he heart , mama ! ally I do the right thing . it just be not right -- bryan ( 0.s. ) ally , garbage -- they turn to see bryan , they catering manager , walk up from behind . ally bryan , can you get somebody else to do it for I ? ramon you have to let she shine ! bryan ( not mess around ) it 's you fuck turn ! ally ( to Ramon ) okay , I 'il see you upstairs . he give she a kiss and keep move . ally roll she eye and head towards she manager ... ramon come on , bryan ! she 's perform tonight ! ally here we go . take out the trash . like you mouth . bryan I will let you go early , but you gotta finish you job . ally well , you gotta keep you mouth clean . okay ? CUT to : ext . biltmore - trash area - night ally toss a bag of trash into the dumpster ... she hum to herself , just audible over the loud trash compactor ... ( continued ) continued : ally ( sing ) ' when all the world be a hopeless jumble , and the raindrop tumble all around , Heaven open a magic lane , when all the cloud darken up the skyway , there 's a rainbow highway to be find . 's and as ally ascend the tunnel into the night ... superimpose title : a_star be born int . jack 's suv ( moving ) - later that night the driver , phil , 40s , look into the rearview mirror back to Jack , slump against the window . then , after a while ... jack where the fuck be we ? phil East of the city . jack ( be : alcohol ) be there any more ? phil sorry , Jack . and it 's about a hour-forty with traffic till we get there . jack wait , really ? phil yeah . jack Bet we can find something around here . phil I will find something . ( continued ) continued : jack how 's you kid ? how old be he now ? phil he be 17 . jack fuck I . phil he get a scholarship to play baseball in college already , man . jack wow , that 's great . phil I be proud of he . my little guy be not so little anymore . jack ( move on ) I do not wanna go home . phil wish I could find you a spot . sorry , Jack , I do not know this area . jack why do not you make a right here . int . jack 's suv ( moving ) - later he look out the window ... he see a blue neon sign with some people stand out front ... jack here we go . that look like a fuck bar . as phil slow , Jack start to get out -- jack what 's that say ? ' bleu bleu . 's here , let I just try this . Jack get out and slam the door behind he . ext. / int . '' the bleu bleu '' - entryway - night as Jack make he way inside . it 's dark , he eye adjust when ... Ramon , the host , come over to he -- ramon oh , shit ! wait , wait . my man ... be not you that ... be not you , like ... jack this be a bar , right ? Ramon look around . ramon yeah , but I do not know if this be you kind of place . jack they get alcohol ? ramon ( stammer ) well , yeah , but ... jack all right , it 's my kind of place . follow jack deeper inside . ramon oh , shit ! this be crazy ! how be you do , papo ? what -- jack how be I do ? I be do all right if I get a fuck drink . someone onstage lip-synce etta James 's '' at last . '' the place be pack ... and as he settles into the bar , Ramon gesture toward the person next to jack . ramon oh , this , this my homegirl , giselle de la isma . jack hey , how you do ? hey . ramon that 's Jackson Maine . ( to the bartender ) Excuse I , papo ! can we get this man anything he want , please ? ( continued ) continued : jack can I get a gin on the rock with a twist , please ? Jack look around ... ramon papo , wow . oh , my gosh . I be , like , freaking out right now . he 's take in the clientele , start to notice -- jack hey , be this a drag bar ? ramon yeah , papo . yeah , yeah . but , look , we do this every Friday night . it 's crazy . it 's so light , though , like -- his drink arrive . he downs it . jack ( laugh ) I think maybe I be in some sort of hallucinogenic state . ramon no , no . all be welcome . all be welcome . jack you gonna have something ? here , let I get you a drink . int . " the bleu bleu " - dressing room - night close on a eyelash be put on . Hair slicked back through a three - fold mirror cascade light from hot bulb in a small , crowded dress room as men in drag ( emerald , sooki , donte ) and a few other dress , talk , and prance about . drag bar emcee you better get out there and kill ‘em tonight . we can not quite make out who be at the mirror , only see piece of someone . drag bar emcee all you lady kill it tonight , okay ? ( continued ) continued : emerald sooki I be ready . I always do ! they talk shit to each other -- a little chaotic , but it 's very familial and warm . they be all make up as various famous woman ... drag bar emcee lady , make sure you turn in you music already . do not make I have to come get you tonight . this be a professional show . emerald slap on some fake breast . back at the bar Jack be nursing another gin chat with a drag queen , nicki . Ramon be surprised to see he . ramon you stay ! everything good ? you good ? jack yeah , I be just talk to Nicki . you know Nicki ? ramon oh , Nicki . how you do , baby ? jack telling I she life story . fascinating . ramon yo . my home girl 's about to perform . drag bar emcee ( 0.s. ) ( over speaker ) and y'all know she very well , because she use to work here as a server . but tonight , the only thing she 's serve be some fabulous , french live vocal . backstage we see a silhouette go down a short hallway , following she all the way up the side of the stage and into the wing , wait to go on , and now light from the curtain ... it 's ally . back at the bar jack be she really sing , though , or be it one of that karaoke thing ? ramon no , no , no . she 's really sing , papo . I promise you , she 's really sing . jack okay . ramon watch this . watch . back at stage ally take a breath and go over to the microphone ... and simply begin to sing edith piaf 's most famous song , " La vie en Rose '' in french ... in she voice a echo of the brokenhearted woman 's life be a revelation ... ally ( sing in french ) ' Des yeux qui font baisser les mien , un rire qui se perd sur sa bouche , voila le portrait san retouch , De l'homme auquel j'appartien ... and although she performance be demure in nature , she be remarkable , she voice so exceptional , talent so transcendent , Jack can not help but just stop and listen -- ally sing as she wander through the audience . she crawl onto the bar , effortlessly lay back among the half - make cocktail and spirit . ally would anybody like some french tip tonight ? she get up onto the bar and begin walk toward Ramon ... she performance , all do to a measure perfection minus one tiny moment where she eye pivot and clock Jack stand there -- only to regroup and continue with the song . she lie back , seductively caress herself with a rise and give it to Ramon -- ( continued ) 10 . continued : she lock eye with Jack , completely engross by she . then -- ally make she way back to the stage as the song come to a close . she sing the last impressive note ... the light go out as the crowd hoot and holler . ramon yes , baby ! yes , baby ! jack oh , fuck . ramon papo , be you cry ? jack ah ... no . ramon yo , you have to meet she . jack no , no , I can not meet she . ramon yes ! come on . int . " the bleu bleu " - dressing room - moment later ally at she mirror , already take off she makeup , be surround by drag queen . drag bar emcee miss ally mama , now you do sing in french tonight . you gonna pick something else next week ? ally I do not know . drag bar emcee look at she , she 's do language now . emerald ooh , do moroccan . ally ( laugh ) no ! Ramon guide Jack into the fray . ally see Jack in the reflection ... ( continued ) 11 . continued : ramon ( to everyone ) this be my friend , Jackson Maine . jack hey. ramon ( down the line ) this be Jackson Maine . jack ( one-by -one ) hi. how be you ? hey . hey , how be ya ? hey . ally ramon hey ! oh , my God ! right ? and of course , this be my friend , ally . jack hi. ally I think that might be you . jack ( lean in ) what would you say ? ally I think that might be you . jack that 's I . queen come in and out of the room , slip past he , turn back to ally , give look ... drag bar emcee ( 0.s. ) straight man in the dress room . emerald ( to Jack ) do you wanna sit down ? jack you can -- you have be on you foot all night . emerald no , no . you be we guest . he sit down next to ally . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ally what be you do here ? jack I be here watch the show , watch you guy . emerald will you sign my boob ? jack ( unfaze ) sure . yeah , I can do that . ally ramon uh-oh . oh , my God ! emerald ( to anyone ) give I a sharpie ! ally you know , it 's byob around here . jack yeah , be that right ? ally ( laugh ) bring you own boob . jack oh , that be not really she boob ? look around , take it all in . ally so why be you in here , huh ? jack ( lean in ) sorry ? ally what bring you here ? jack oh , I be play right around here tonight . I be a musician . ally how would you show go ? jack I think it go all right . ( continued ) 13 . continued : emerald return with a sharpie in hand . jack okay , here we go . all right . emerald ( hand it to he ) thank you ! jack which one should I do ? emerald do ‘em both ! I do not care ! ally slut. emerald ( to ally ) bitch , Jackson Maine ! jack I all just ... Jackson autograph emerald 's fake boob -- '' jackson . '' drag bar emcee she will stop at nothing . emerald you gotta blow on it ! drag bar emcee ( to everyone ) thank you so much ! you do not gotta go home , but you know the phrase : you gotta get the hell up outta here ! ' Cause tonight , I be not lose my virginity or my liquor license over you bitch , so pack up ! ally that 's right ! drag bar emcee ( to ally ) Goodbye , Roger . have fun . ally share a conspiratorial look with the emcee as she leave -- jack do you do that often ? ( continued ) continued : 14 . ally do what ? jack the show . ally yeah , yeah , the girl be so nice to I here . I mean , they would never normally let a girl sing at one of this show , but they have always love my voice . they use to beg I to sing . it 's a honor , really . I get to be one of the gay girl . jack be that you real eyebrow ? ally um , no . no. I -- ( laugh ) I make it out of tape . jack oh , so it 's , like , stick on ? ally mm-hmm . jack can I try to take it off ? ally uh , yeah , sure . jack it 's incredible what they do . Jack ever so gently pull the tape eyebrow off . ally hold jack ( the tape ) look at that . ally ( laugh ) oh. yep . there it be . jack I should put she down somewhere . she hand over she eyebrow . ( continued ) continued : 15 . jack there we go . ( then ; notice ) why you cover you eye ? ally oh. just ' cause I do not have my eyebrow on anymore . jack oh , no , no . the whole point be so I can see you face . somehow Jack have grab ally 's hand . jack yeah , there we go . she hesitates , but then she look up ... they eye meet . it 's altogether unexpected and exhilate . ally why do you come back here ? jack you friend bring I back here . but I be glad he do . can I buy you a drink ? ally ( flustered ) oh , uh , I gotta change , and I -- I have get paint in my hair and my eyebrow be ... jack oh , that 's not you real hair ? ally no , no , my hair be , like , you color , but um ... I paint it with this ... makeup . jack oh , okay . I would love to see what that look like . i'1l wait for you . ally um , yeah , okay . sure . yeah , if you wanna wait , I will come have a drink with you . sure. 16 . int . '' the bleu bleu '' - bar area - later that night drag bar emcee be close out she receipt . drag bar emcee ( to emerald ) bitch , can you get down off that stage and come help I close this bar , please ? reveal emerald on stage , take she guitar from its stand . emerald do not talk to I like that in that bus driver wig , girl . drag bar emcee oh , I know you do not . what you have be street appointment tonight , sister . Jack be sit there laugh . emerald Excuse I ! Mr. Jackson Maine , would you mind ? jack what do you want I to do ? emerald just come play a little song for I . jack I do not know . drag bar emcee can you leave the man alone , please ? emerald I show you mine , you show I yours . come on . drag bar emcee emerald he already sign you you know you want to . show tit , honey . say , ' no , off for I a little bit. sir . 's jack I will only do it because you already perform , so ... ( continued ) 17 . continued : emerald you be so nice . thank you . drag bar emcee Lord , the man be here for ally . not for you , sister . jack ( be : the guitar ) oh , this -- she 's nice . emerald be not it cute ? Little art and craft . jack yeah , light . do you do this yourself ? emerald yeah , all I . jack do this mic -- ( into microphone ) -- work ? oh , yeah . fuck , all right . ( then to emerald ) what do you want I to play ? emerald I do not care , just look at I while you do it . drag bar emcee oh , Lord ! somebody kill I now . he begin to pluck the string , something utterly different from that assault of '' Black eye '' -- jack ( sing ) ' maybe it 's time to let the old way die , maybe it 's time to let the old way die , it take a lot to change a man , Hell , it take a lot to try , maybe it 's time to let the old way die , ally emerge into the room to find Jack under house light , in the flesh and blood , foot away in a private concert for three . ( continued ) continued : then he notice she . song come she nod . jack ( sing ) nobody know what wait dead , nobody know what wait dead , some folk just believe thing they have hear they read , nobody know what wait dead , 18 . for the for the in the and thing for the I be glad I can not go back to where I come from , I be glad that day be for good , go , go but if I could take spirit from my past and bring they here , you know I would , know I would .' to a abrupt end -- jack you ready ? emerald hmm , you know I would ! off ally -- ext . cop bar Jack and ally walk into a crowded downtown bar . — later that night they make they way -- int . Jack and ally now at the bar , cop bar jack it 's a cop bar . ally cop ? jack yeah . night long . - moment later and sadly for everyone else , the as it 's why they serve all she 's get a rum and Coke , he 's get he regular drink , gin on the rock with a twist . ( continued ) 19 . continued : jack can I ask you a personal question ? ally sure . jack do you write song or anything ? ally I do not sing my own song . the bartender drop off another drink of Jack . jack ( to bartender ) thank you . ( to ally ) why ? ally I just , I just do not feel comfortable . jack why would not you feel comfortable ? ally um ... well , ' cause , like , almost every single person that I have come in contact with in the music industry have tell I that my nose be too big and that I will not make it . jack you nose be too big ? ally yeah . jack you nose be beautiful . Jack look at she , dumbfounded . she turn she head profile , take she finger and run it down from she forehead , over she nose , down to she chin . jack be you show I you nose right now ? she embarrassingly smile . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ally yeah . jack you do not have to show it to I . I have be look at it all night . ally oh , come on . jack ally oh , I be gonna be think no , you be not . you be about you nose for a very full of shit . long time . jack I be not full of shit . ally yeah , you be . jack I be tell you the truth . ally yeah , you be full of shit . jack can I touch you nose ? ally oh , my gosh . jack let I just touch it for a second . she laugh , but he 's serious . he reach in , she let he . his finger brushes the top of she nose , intimate , surreal . jack you be very lucky . ally oh , really ? ( he nod ) yeah , not really . my nose have not make I lucky . ( beat ) I could have have , maybe , a hit song if it be not for my nose . jack that 's fuck bullshit . ( continued ) continued : 21 . ally yeah . no , it 's not bullshit , because , you go into this room and there 's all this fuck man in there and they be just stare at you , listen to you record go , ' oh , you sound great , but , you know , you do not look so great . 's jack you know , I have a thing when I be little . I be bear with this thing in my ear . could not hear ... what do I wind up be ? a singer . so you never know ... ( then ) look ... talent come everywhere , everybody 's talented . I bet you , fuck everybody in this bar be talented in one thing or another , but have something to say , and a way to say it so people listen to it , that 's a whole other bag . and unless you get out there and you try to do it you 'il never know . that 's just the truth . if there 's one reason we be suppose to be here , it 's to say something so people wanna hear it . she 's look at he . they share jack do not you understand what I be try to tell you ? ally yeah , I do ... I do not like it . but I understand it . a smile . jack oh , I think you like it a little bit . I think I be get through a little bit , I can see it . ally no , you can not . jack it 's a good thing we meet ... ( continued ) 22 . continued : ally yeah . jack for both of we , trust I . ally I mean , I do not know what be go on , honestly -- jack who do ? ally I be in a cop bar , with Jackson Maine , and it 's , like ... jack ally ( laugh ) I be gonna wake up in a Jackson Maine . minute . jack that 's the thing about when you get famous , people start say you full name . ally well , what do you want I to -- jack well , it 's just ' Jack . 's the jukebox have start to play a song of Jack 's : '' too Far go . '' the person at the jukebox just continue to pick song . ally speak of ... come on . jack what ? ally do you put that on ? he listen closely . she can tell that he 's strain to hear it . ally when do you even go to the jukebox ? jack oh , God , I hear that song and I just want to turn it the fuck off . ( more ) ( continued ) 23 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) I fuck that fuck song up so bad -- tommy ( 0.s. ) hey ! she laugh just as a young policeman ( tommy ) , slurring and aggressive -- tommy ( to Jack ) I know that we be not suppose to do this ... I know that we be not suppose to come and bother you , you come here every night ... jack it 's alright . tommy ( to he buddy ) you get you camera on you ? I do not have my camera on I . jack let 's just -- he stumble back into Jack , too close . tommy ( to Jack again ) Excuse I , one sec -- my ex - girlfriend be fuck this guy ... jack right . okay . ally put she hand over she face , look to Jack , like , '' I be so sorry ... '' tommy who look just like you , that 's what she say . ally ( sotto ) shut the hell up ... tommy but I gotta take a picture of you because I gotta send it to she , ' cause I be gonna show she you look nothing fuck like that fuck guy ! ( continued ) 24 . continued : officer dave tommy okay , that 's enough , Tommy . ( to he buddy ) Jack , I be sorry . Dave , take a picture ... ally get up , maybe to intervene . jack ( to the buddy ) well , maybe that will help she out . ( back to Tommy ) will that help you ? would that make you happy ? Tommy get into Jack 's space , stumbling into he to pose for the picture ... jack okay , why do not we take the fuck picture . tommy let she visualize it . ally you want someone to take you picture ? ally step up to he . tommy ( push she aside ) Excuse I . ally I all help you take a picture . ally pull he hand away and , in do so , he get rough with she . tommy get you hand off I , you fuck little whore ! ally what ?! ally punch he in the face ... send he back into the crowded bar . everyone in the vicinity take note ... thing get out of control for a second -- jack I get you . it 's alright ... Jack grab she , pull she out of the room and laugh at the absurdity of it all -- 25 . int . super a food - night fluorescent lighting ... Jack walk up and down the aisle , look for something -- ally try to keep up ... ally I be fine , honestly . I be okay . this be so stupid . jack you gotta get ahead of the swell . just try to find some ... ally this be so embarrassing . Jack pull a bag of freeze peas from the freezer and put it on she hand . jack here we go . put that on there . gotta wrap something up with it . find a ... Jack grab a bag of cheeto . ally you like cheeto ? jack no , like , gauze . some gauze or something . ally gauze ? Jack stop to look at she hand to see if it 's start to swell . he hold it , look at it with she ... jack ( flex he hand ) try to do that . she try , but can not really . jack with that hand . and do that hand . you play piano ? ( as she nod ) yeah , we gotta take care of this , then . he walk away . 26 . int . super a food - check -out counter - moment later the cashier be swiping they item . jack it 's already get warm , have not it ? should we have get two ? ally no , it 's okay . thanks . click . the cashier be hold up she phone and just take a picture , ally not quite in frame ... female cashier I be sorry . I have to . jack that 's all right . have a good one . ally it 's not really all right , but ... and as they stumble out -- jack be careful , she will hit ya . ext . super a food - parking lot - moment later Jack 's suv park , phil , the driver eat the cheeto off a way , Jack and ally sit outside the store side - by -side on a parking block . jack this ring be gonna get stick if you do not take them off ... do that hurt ? ally yeah . that 's okay ... jack ( hold she hand ) May I ? ally yeah . Jack suck on she finger , wetting it and slip the ring off , place they in he pocket . ( continued ) 27 . continued : jack safe keep . Jack reach for the freeze peas . jack put this on there . ally you be sweet . jack just wrap it up ... you will be good to go . he put it on she hand and wrap it with gauze and tape . ally how the hell do you deal with that all the time ? jack what 's that ? ally people just talk to you like you be not a real person . or take you picture -- jack be that too tight ? ally it 's okay . he tear the wrap with he tooth -- jack do I hurt you ? ally it 's fine , it 's okay . he finish wrapping the package of peas to she hand . jack there you go , now you be mobile . swing it around . they start to laugh . it look ridiculous . ally I look like a pirate . ( continued ) continued : a beat ... 28 . jack I tell you it be worth come here . ally how do you do that ? jack do what ? ally do not change the subject . jack be that what I be do ? ally nobody ever ask you about you , huh ? jack not sure . ally where you from ? jack Arizona . ally Arizona boy . jack dad have like a midlife crisis , I think , so I have be tell . make he way to Arizona , start work for this family on a pecan ranch . ally a pecan ranch ... jack yeah ... knocked up the family 's daughter , she be just shy of eighteen . ally uh-oh. jack that 's when I come into the picture . ( continued ) continued : 29 . ally okay , the son of a eighteen - year - old . jack well , she die at childbirth . and my dad -- ally I be sorry . jack he die when I be thirteen , so , I guess my brother will tell you that he raise I , but I do not know ... I do not know who be raise who . just a hundred - twenty - seven acre of nut , navajo , and nowhere to go . she look at he , he 's go inside himself a bit , look down , do not usually share this much -- a beat ... ally ( sing ) ' tell I something boy , be not you tired tryin' to fill that void ? or do you need more , ai not it hard keepin’ it so hardcore ? 's jack be that I ? ally that 's you . jack you just write that now ? ally yeah . jack it 's pretty good . ally ( sing ) ' I be fall , in all the good time , I find myself long for change . 's ( continued ) 30 . continued : she start to get up . ally I start write this song the other day , and ... she get up off the curb and into the parking lot , she very own stage ... ally maybe that could work , like , as a chorus or something . I have to think if I can remember it . ( sing ) ' I be off the deep end , watch as I dive in , I will never meet the ground , crash through the surface , where they can not hurt we , we be far from the shallow now . 's jack Holy shit . she start to laugh , notice she pea-wrapped hand . ally ( laugh ) what be this ? be this suppose to help I ? she sit back down next to he . he lean into she . jack can I tell you a secret ? closer now , and whisper -- jack I think you might be a songwriter . she downcast she eye away from he . jack but do not worry , I will not tell anybody . but I be not very good at keep secret . he kiss she hand . ally you be a real gentleman . ( beat ; then ) I think . ( continued ) continued : she place she hand on he cheek and they sit there , hold in this moment , not want the night to end . ext . ally 's house ( the valley ) - early morning Jack 's suv pull up in front of a house with three identical black suv park along the curb -- ally ( v.o. ) thank you , sir . it 's right here , on the right . int . / ext . the suv ( parked ) / ally house - continuous action 31 . it 's the time ally should probably get out of the car and yet , she and Jack sit there quietly together . they do not want to leave each other , the night still run through they vein -- jack ( be : suv ) what 's all this ? ally it 's my dad . it 's a long story . jack what 's he , a sheikh ? ally no , he 's a driver . jack hey , I get a gig . you wanna come ? ally when ? phil we be head to the airport now . jack well , it 's tonight . she look up at the sky , the sun have come up ... ally tonight ? no , I can not . I gotta go to work later . I gotta go to bed . she begin gather she thing . ( continued ) 32 . continued : jack who 's gonna take care of you hand ? I mess it up . ally me. I will take care of my hand . jack it 's my fault I take you to that place . she open the suv door and slide out . ally that 's okay . you have my number . jack okay . all right . she shut the door and start to walk off ... Jack lower the window . jack hey . ally turn back . ally what ? jack I just want to take another look at you . ally slide she finger down she nose just the way Jack do at the cop bar . she walk inside . the suv drive off . jack ( sotto ) I do not know , maybe I fuck that up . int . ally 's house - moment later ally walk up the stair and a distinctive , manicure , fastidious - look man in he early sixty , wear a black suit and a black tie : lorenzo campana , meet she on the landing . lorenzo pretty late ... pretty late . ( continued ) 33 . continued : ally oh , be it late ? lorenzo come on . ally I wanna go to bed . lorenzo no , come in for two minute . the guy ... it 's wolfie 's birthday , come on ... ( as she consider ) two minute ... ally okay . ( to wolfie ; shout ) wolfie ! ally move past he towards the kitchen . wolfie ( 0.s. ) yeah , sweetheart ? lorenzo who be the guy in the car ? ally I do not know what you be talk about . and as they pass the dining room we see racing form clutter the table ; matty , a older driver watch a live broadcast of a racetrack from Japan where the horse be approach the start gate . the announcer speak rapid japanese . matty hey , ally . ally move into the kitchen where a wait wolfie stand read a racing form . ally ( to wolfie ) how 's it go ? happy birthday . wolfie hey , ' happy birthday 's ? ally yeah . ( continued ) 34 . continued : wolfie it 's not my birthday . ally ( to Lorenzo ) what do you mean ? lorenzo no , I be just say , like ... ally see the kitchen -- it 's a disaster . ally come on . what the hell happen in here ? my God ! this place be a mess ! wolfie ( be : racing form ) start gate be ... ' shuppatsu geto ...’ and bad beat be ' warui bito . ' ally immediately begin clean . ally who the hell 's betting on horse at breakfast time in Japan ? wolfie it 's not breakfast time in Japan . wolfie laugh ... a toilet flush 0.s. and little feet have appear to the group . matty they be load ! little feet renzo , we be go . come on ! wolfie it will wait , they be load -- and we see the horse load into the start gate as the man assemble around the dining room table to watch the race , clearly a ritual . ally you guy be crazy . wolfie have a sizable investment on this thing here . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ally ( from the kitchen ) what do I say about smoking in this house ? ally come in to clear the dish and ashtray . lorenzo ( to wolfie ) outside ! wolfie who be you ? lorenzo who be I ? it 's my house . wolfie I know it 's you house . but you smoke , too . lorenzo ally all right , forget it . okay , guy . lorenzo sweetheart , you be happy here , be not you ? ally continue to clean up the dish . ally I be happy , dad . little feet ( stutter ) I be just say , she 's get no space . wolfie what be you say ? ally begin to head to the kitchen , Lorenzo try to stop she . lorenzo wait a minute , sweetheart . wait a minute . wait a minute ! I want my friend to look at you . matty he say she 's get no space . she halt , arm full of dirty dish . Lorenzo smile at he daughter , look at she . ( continued ) 36 . continued : lorenzo take a good look . with a voice , like , from Heaven , but you know what ? it 's not always the best singer that make it . you know ? ally 's not hearing this speech again and so head back into the kitchen . Lorenzo continue to hold court at the dining room table . lorenzo I know a couple guy , could sing Sinatra under the table . but Frank , he would come on stage with the blue eye , the sharkskin suit , the patent leather shoe . he become Frank Sinatra . and everybody else , all this other guy , that really get it , that really have it inside ... just a bunch of nobody . ally listen until she 's have enough . ally okay . everybody , let 's go . time for work . int . doctor 's office - day Jack have a pair of headphone on . we hear a high -pitch noise . he hold up one finger . he take off the headphone , revealing a hearing doctor . hearing doctor unfortunately , you keep blast the hearing , it 's not gonna come back . I think it 's time we reconsider the inner monitor . jack mm-hmm . hearing doctor we talk about that with Bobby a couple of week ago . jack yup , yup . yeah . ( continued ) 37 . continued : hearing doctor if we put the inner mole in , we can actually use that to amplify the high frequency and cut down the sound . jack yeah , okay , that sound great . yeah , you be right . yeah . hearing doctor I be gonna talk to Bobby , and we be gonna get something set up . jack sold . I be sell . yeah , call Bobby . ext . outdoor amphitheater - stage - day a cowboy of a man of indeterminate age , a man who 's see it all twice , who wear mile of rough road , who we will come to know as bobby , barrel into the amphitheater . bobby stubborn son of a bitch . jack ( 0.s. ) ( over speaker ) all right , let 's get ready . one , two , three , four . snippet of direction echo through the sound system to crew set up and calibrate equipment -- jack 's band onstage rehearse to the empty amphitheater , technician and roady busy set up for a performance -- on stage it 's loud , too loud , and the band be try to play it through -- jack ( over speaker ; sing ) ' killin 's I baby with the thing you do , you put I in the ground . 's the sound overpower ... Bobby walk up to the stage and as he 's arrive , the drum stop , then the bass , then everything else , but Jack play on , into it until he stop abruptly -- ( continued ) 38 . continued : jack ( over speaker ) we be try ... Bobby hold up Jack 's earpiece . bobby you gotta put ‘em in , man . jack I tell you , I can not wear that thing . when I wear them , it 's just in my head , and I need to be here with everybody else . how the fuck be I go -- bobby ( interrupt ) the doctor say it 's the only way to manage this thing , Jack . you be not gonna get back what you lose . it 's the only way we can manage what you still get . jack oh , wow . I think we be manage pretty good . bobby what do you want I to do ? Jack speak into the mic , he voice echoing through the venue -- jack ( into mic ) you know the door 's wide open if you wanna go . bobby you know what ? do not start that shit . ( beat ) show a little fuck pride in what you be do , buddy . jack ( be : ally ) I just wanna know if she 's on she way or not , that 's all . bobby who 's come ? what the fuck ? 39 . int . ally 's house - day we hear opera as ally run down the stair in a T-shirt and short . ally who 's here ? lorenzo I have no idea . he will not tell I . another angle she open the door to find phil , the driver , wait ... phil hi , ally . ally hi. phil I be phil . we meet last night . Lorenzo , over she shoulder ... ally yeah , I remember . phil Jack send I to pick you up and take you to the gig . ally oh , my God . I gotta work . I can not go . phil he 's really look forward to this . she gently shut the door say ... ally I appreciate that , but ... phil I can not leave , so I will be in my car right down the street . ally uh , please tell he , ' thank you , but no thank you . 's ( continued ) 40 . continued : phil well ... ally okay ? say it just like that . she slam the door in he face and head to the kitchen with Lorenzo in pursuit . lorenzo wait a minute , ally . what be you do ? ally what the fuck be that shit ? this be crazy . lorenzo what be you do ? this be great . look , a guy like that invite you to a show ? ally dad , do not start with I . lorenzo ally I mean , it could be a great do not start ! opportunity . lorenzo listen , listen ! do he know you sing at all ? do he , do he hear anything from you ? ally dad , I gotta go to work . lorenzo this could be the opportunity of a lifetime . ally I do not have the same disease that you have , dad . you get around celebrity and it 's like they be gonna rub off on you , you know ? lorenzo what be you talk about ? what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 4l. continued : ally ' oh , you know who I drive the other day ? 's like magic , now you be famous . and you be not . it 's not magic , dad . with that , she head up the stair . lorenzo sweetheart . I be just -- ally he 's a drunk ! you know all about drunk ! and she disappear into she bedroom ... Lorenzo 's quiet . he start back downstairs ... lorenzo sweetheart , he 's still there . ext . biltmore - ramp - day Ramon and ally be walk up stair in they uniform . ramon yo , so you fuck hit a cop ? ally yeah , he be be a asshole to Jack , so I fuck pop he in the face . ramon yo , that be so gangster . ally and so , then we end up ina parking lot , and he put peas around my hand to fix it . and then he be sing , and I be sing . I do not know what the hell 's go on . but now he 's get he driver follow I around . ramon wait , he 's be follow you from you house all the way to work ? ally yes ! it 's crazy ! 42 . int . the biltmore - kitchen - prep area -— continuous action that same catering crew be back at work again tonight . ramon be you gonna go with he , ' cause if you do not go , I will go . bryan walk by . bryan you be fuck late again . ally ( a shout to bryan ) I be what ? bryan I say you be late ! on ally we begin to faintly hear instrumental guitar be play live somewhere ... Calling she ... ramon be we do this ? the guitar build as ally start to walk out of the kitchen . Ramon start after she . ally hey , bryan , I be out . find somebody else . ramon bryan , I will be back . I promise . papo , I promise . ally see ya . I will not . int. / ext . jack 's suv - moment later Music build as ally and Ramon be ready for the night and walk to Jack 's wait suv . phil ( out of the window ) hey , great ! let 's do this . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ally and Ramon get in the car and they share a giddy smile at what might lay ahead . ramon what be we do ? ally ( to phil ) you know , if I do not know Jack ... I would call you a stalker . ext . santa monica airport - tarmac —- sundown the suv stop on the tarmac alongside a private plane . ally and Ramon get out of the car , Ramon pirouetting he way onto the plane -- the music still go ... int . private jet ally and Ramon explore the interior of the luxurious private jet , take it all in . Lay on the couch , play on the television , loving it . ramon I could get use to this shit . you need to date more rock star , baby girl , you know what I be say ? ally we be not dating . the music still building ... int . / ext . outdoor amphitheater ( BAY area ) - night a town car pull up at the venue , the music now audible , they be right there ... and gail , a frenetic type of woman , be wait for she . she open the door for ally . Ramon get out the other side of the town car , on he phone , recording this once in a lifetime experience . gail hi , ally , I be gail ... you guy can leave you bag -- we will grab them in asec . ready ? and with that say , ally get out of the car and they follow gail -- ally okay , sure . ( continued ) 44 , continued : gail do you have a good trip ? ally yeah . gail ( hand they over ) pass . ally oh , thank you . gail put ‘em around you neck . earplugs . you will need this , it 's loud up there . ( into radio ) yeah , I get them . we be come in . ( to ally and Ramon ) I be gonna bring you guy to the side stage . gail pick up the pace , ally almost run after she ... the music grow louder with every step ... she look back to Ramon to pick up the pace and then he 's there , take up she arm and walk in stride , get closer and closer ... gail guy , this way . ally ramon this place be so big . this be crazy . gail he 's excited that you be here . they walk around a wall of amp and through people onto side stage left , where we find Jack , drench with sweat , play along with he band in the middle of the stage in front of thousand . she squeeze Ramon 's arm ... she can not help but be take by the overwhelming power of the whole thing ... jack ( into mic ; sing ) ' I tell my dyin ' daddy that I have to run away , look he in the eye and say , there be not no other way , so , woman , if I tell you that I love you , be okay , ' Cause I be not lyin’ , ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) I do not lie , without a alibi , ' Cause I be not lyin ' , I do not lie , without a alibi . 's and Jack instinctively turn and see ally ... end the guitar solo , into the chorus refrain that he belt out with two other player ... ally watch he every move , time seem to slow down for she , out of body , want to experience each and every moment ... it 's all second nature to Jack ... and as the song end ... jack ( into mic ) thank you very much . that be great ... there 's a friend of mine , who come a long way to be here ... she write a great song , and I would just like she to sing it . I think it 's pretty fuck good . the audience cheer . he motion she on the stage ... and now she be hit with severe self - consciousness , she do not want that ... she start to walk off ... Jack bound over to she , take she hand ... jack how be you ? you make it ! ally I be good . hil ! jack ally it 's so good to see you . how be you ? that be so good . jack so , listen , we be gonna sing that song , all right ? I do a arrangement , it be kind of not so great . but ... maybe you could just stick with it . ally ( stammer ) no , I can not do that . I be sorry . jack here we go . he try to drag she by the hand onto the stage . she be freeze , shaking she head ... ( continued ) 46 . continued : ally Jack , please . it 's not funny . Jack , do not fuck around . ramon oh , my God . Ramon back away from they struggle . she will not succumb , she adamantly shake '' no '' ... Jack come closer into she -- jack all you gotta do be trust I . she frees she hand ... start to walk off into the shadow to hide ... jack ( return to the stage ) that 's all you gotta do . I be gonna sing it either way , so ... ally ( sotto voce ) ' trust I . 's okay . ramon you have to go sing . ally I be not go out there , no . Jack start to play a familiar melody remind we of the song she come up with the night before . he start to sing the first verse -- jack ( into mic ; sing ) ' tell I somethin’ , girl , be you happy in this modern world ? , or do you need more , be there somethin’ else you be searchin’ for ? , 's in fact , that be exactly what it be , '' shallow . '' jack ( into mic ; sing ) ' I be fallin 's , in all the good time , I find myself longin’ for change , ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) and in the bad time I fear myself ... 's and he stop and look at she , implore she verse . she turn and look at he . Jack just stand there on stage willing to sit in the silence . just look at she ... wait ... one moment feel like forever until ally summon the courage step on stage and start to sing from the wing -- ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' tell I something , boy , be not you tired , tryin' to fill that void ? , or do you need more , ai not it hard keepin’ it so hardcore ? , I be fall , in all the good time , I find myself long for change , and in the bad time , I fear myself , ( chorus ) I be off the deep end , watch as I dive in , I will never meet the ground , crash through the surface , where they can not hurt we , we be far from the shallow now ... 's and as she finish sing the chorus to he , he band join in . ally and jack ( into mic ; sing ) ' in the sha-ha- sha-ha - low , in the sha-ha- sha-la- la - la - low , in the sha-ha- sha-ha- ha - low , we be far from the shallow now ... 's he motion she to take the downstage microphone . she 's come this far -- she walk further onto the stage and belt out the chorus . ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' I be off the deep end , watch as I dive in , I never meet the ground , crash through the surface , where they can not hurt we , we be far from the shallow now ... 's ( continued ) 48 . continued : and the crowd go wild . ally and jack ( into mic ; sing ) ' in the sha-ha- sha-ha - low in the sha-ha- sha-la- la - la - low in the sha-ha- sha-ha- ha - low we be far from the shallow now ... 's and as they sing together , thousand of iphone raise , recording the moment ... Jack sing with she as if he be a boy and nothing will ever be the same again ... and as the song come to a close , she can not believe it . Jack sense she shock and go to she . ally jack oh , my God ! there 's so pretty fuck good ... many people . pretty fuck good . we see from -- ally Pov all of it new to she , surreal and frightening , and at once euphoric ... int . / ext . outdoor amphitheater ( BAY area ) - night ally be follow Jack as he weave through the tunnel of the amphitheater to a open , a load dock , where she first arrive ... ally I think the way the guitar just start , and ... jack I think maybe I set it in the wrong key , and then the tempo be too fast . ally no , it be so beautiful , and ... jack I be not sure ... then , without warning , they be mobbed by a mass of people , vie for Jack ... '' Jackson , Jackson ... '' people take selfies with he as he walk by , a blur of face ... ( continued ) 49 , continued : ally Jack ? she look around for Jack for respite ... but she 's lose he . a unexpected moment of panic wash over she ... when -- jack ( with ally now ) hey , hey , hey . you all right ? various crowd member Jackson ! / good concert , man !/ be not that the girl who sing ? good concert ! jack crowd member thank you , yeah . thank Jackson , I love you , man . you . and as they be about the board the bus , Bobby be there . bobby hey , Jack . kill it . jack really ? bobby yeah . and during this moment between they , ally feel the eye of a young man , confident beyond he year . we ’1ll come to know he as rez . Jack pull ally into he trailer where a big crowd be party . Jack put he cowboy hat on she head where she receive a encore from Jack 's band . int . HOTEL - hallway - later Jack stumble down the long corridor of the hotel with ally in tow . a little load , he search for the key , but in which pocket ? he find it and they enter the room . int . HOTEL - room - night they barge in ; he turn and kiss she . ecstatic , if not sloppy ... and as they catch they breath with the hint of something more to come ... ( continued ) 50 . continued : ally I will be right back , okay ? just give I one second . she pull away as Jack stumble , a toxic rush of blood to the head . ally ( sotto voce ) where 's the fuck bathroom ? she find it and go into the bathroom . Jack make he way to the couch , light a cigarette , and lie down . int . bathroom - continuous action ally look into the mirror . Jesus . what be happen right now . ally wet a towel , give it the ol 's once - over and let out a breath and go back into -- int . HOTEL - room —- continuous action she turn the corner in eager anticipation only to find Jack pass out . ally hey , Jack ? jump CUT to : ramon 's room Ramon be shirtless at he hotel room door , music , laughter from within which he 's inclined to return to -- ramon I do not know , wake he up . ally I can not wake he up . he 's drunk . ramon yes , you can ! shake you titty in he face or some shit ... you know what I be say ? take two shot and -- ( continued ) 51 . continued : ally ( sarcastic ) thank you so much for you help . you be so helpful . ramon let I know how it go , baby . she walk off . int . HOTEL - room —- continuous action ally return to where Jack be but -- Bobby be put Jack into bed . bobby ( to Jack ) C ’mon , pal . and , use to it , Bobby perfunctorily put a pillow under he head . ally watch Bobby handle Jack with a surprising tenderness -- he look at she ... bobby he 's out . ( then ; laugh at she willful naivet é ) you think maybe he drink a bit much ? sweetie , you have no idea . he start to walk off , but turn to she -- bobby tell you one thing , though . he 's never bring a girl onstage before . ( beat ) and it 's be a long , long time since he play like that . ally well , that 's good to know . and leave she all alone , ally sit on the edge of the bed , while Jack sleep . watch he sleep , alone with she moment of glory . she start to hum the melody to '' somewhere over the rainbow '' ever so lightly as she undress and climb under the cover with he , look small ... the two of they quite a pair ... 52 . int . HOTEL - there room - middle of the night ally under the cover , asleep beside Jack . his eye open . he come awake , find he bearing . he see she next to he asleep . he look at she back . he move closer , tenderly kissing she shoulder . she murmur , come awake . he kiss she neck . she roll over . he kiss she face . her lip . she pull he closer as they make love in the witching hour ... what feel like a real love ... int . HOTEL - there room - later Jack in he shirt and underwear and ally in a hotel robe sit around the dining table , eat breakfast . jack one time , my brother come home ... I be play on this upright we use to always have in we de . and I be , like , in my own world . and no one be ever home , and he come home to take care of my dad , who be sick . and he 's sit there , and he 's look at I . and I swear to God , he look at I like I be special or something , and it just kind of fill I up , and ... I should have never tell you that . I do not know . ally why ? jack ' Cause it 's embarrassing . I do not know . ally it 's so sweet . jack ' Cause you be nothing like my brother . ally yeah , I do not look like you brother ? ( continued ) 53 . continued : jack he 's a fuck old man . my dad have I when he be sixty - three year old . ally sixty - three year old ? jack and we have different mother , so ... int . ally' house - close on cell phone - early morning we're looking at a youtube video of there duet . wolfie ( 0.s. ) what 's that number down here ? matty ( 0.s. ) that be how many people look at it . wider angle and we see Lorenzo 's racetrack and driver compadre be cluster together in ally 's live room , as one of they be hold a cell phone for the other to see ... wolfie get the fuck outta here . how do they know how many people look at it ? little feet they call it a algorithm ... wolfie what 's a algorithm ? matty it 's like a beat . wolfie a beat ? matty yeah . wolfie like in music , a beat ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : matty yeah . Lorenzo come in and see what they be look at ... lorenzo do you believe this ? and you see this ? he point to the grow number on the screen . wolfie yeah . lorenzo that 's how many people have watch . wolfie matty yeah , yeah , we ... we be tell he . wolfie how the fuck do they do that ? lorenzo I watch it two hundred time myself . I be two hundred of that people . matty go , pops. back in the HOTEL room Jack race ally back to the bed , but he grab she , carry she into the bedroom ; they crash among the sheet and blanket . ext . ally 's house ( the valley ) - later a taxi pull up ... lorenzo ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) beautiful . you write this with he ? int . ally 's house ally and Lorenzo be watch the video . ( continued ) continued : int . ally ' 55 . ally he 's so talented . ( it end ) can we watch it again ? just one more time . lorenzo one more time . ally or , like ... five hundred ... lorenzo I will be up all night watch this ! S house - bedroom ally lie in bed , peaceful , asleep despite the sun already peek in . a gentle hand touch she , sweep the hair from she face . she startles awake to see Jack , there in she bedroom , on she bed , in she life . they kiss real . ally oh , my God . how do you get in here ? jack dad , let I in . ally ( try to make sense of it ) what ? and hold each other . suddenly , this be very ally I do not feel this way about everybody . jack well , good . then we be on the same page . you come and sing with I . ally where ? jack well , first stop 's Arizona . 56 . outside ally bathroom Jack wait while ally shower . she come out and see the motorcycle helmet in he hand . she spy he motorcycle park outside . ally I be never get on that thing with you when you have be drink . jack I have not even think about drink or anything else . ally we will see how long that last . go wait downstairs . int . kitchen - continuous action Lorenzo talk Jack 's ear off . lorenzo actually , when I be , like , in my twenty and thirty , I be , like , a crooner . as a matter of fact , a lot of people think I be better than Sinatra . wolfie Jesus . jack Frank ? Frank Sinatra ? all Lorenzo 's buddy explode with laughter . ext . arizona highway 10 - day the motorcycle fly along a stretch of desert highway . ally ride on the back of Jack 's motorcycle as they cross the state line into Arizona . int . roadside mexican restaurant - day Jack be still hold he helmet , look through a glass case pick out topping to taco . he go back to they booth , where ally be sit with she songbook . ally scribbles down some note . ( continued ) continued : she mimic 57 . jack what be you write down in here ? ally that 's my songbook . I usually use a typewriter , but ... I have this idea on the bike , and I do not wanna forget it . jack how do you hear it ? play the piano , sing the percussive beat to a song still emerge . she pour ally ( sing ) ' I be alone in my house . 's herself a glass of water and , keep the conversation go -- ally be not you excited to be home and play for all you arizonian fan ? jack I do not really come back here . ally you avoid you home ? jack I do not know . the hot air and the ... history , I do not know . buy the ranch I grow up on ... gave it to my brother . we bury dad there ... I just want to make sure that nobody paved over he grave or any of that kind of shit . ally be it around here ? jack it 's not far . ally why do not we just go there ? it 's nearby . 58 . ext . gas station - day Jack finish pump gas , put the gas nozzle back , and screw the gas cap back on . she look up at he as he strap she helmet on she and kiss she . they ride off ... ext . wind farm ( arizona ) - day it 's a vast wind farm , stretch into the distance ... Jack stand , look around ... ally in the distance look around as well ... ally Jack ? then to Jack ... it 's as if all the life have be suck out of he . he try to speak , but the word do not come ... he bend down and sift some dry sand through he finger . ext. / int . county fair / backstage - day Bobby be go over a set list with a tech . bobby whenever he show up . this guy have be vamp out there for a fuck half a hour . it 's time to fuck get on . he look up to see Jack -- bobby do not you get tired of be ... bam ! Jack deck Bobby with a hard punch send he flat to the ground -- jack you sell dad 's ranch ! they turn it into a fuck wind farm ! Bobby 's try to get he bearing , but he 's daze ... bobby I buy that for you . ( continued ) 59 . continued : jack where 's he grave ? bobby ( explode ) he wash away in a fuck storm . his grave be not there anymore . I would have tell you , but you be fuck drunk . you be fuck load and already pissing yourself a swan song . fuck if you shed a tear for that piece of shit you idolize for no goddamn fuck reason . all dad ever do for you ... be make you he fuck drink buddy . and you would be right there with he if he be still alive , and you fuck know it . ally look at Jack , he head down , think god know what ... but Bobby grab Jack 's face , pull he close , nose - to - nose , nowhere to hide . bobby what do you think , that I be gonna fuck take care of it while I be fuck cradling you ass all over the goddamn world ? jack that 's a good excuse . raising a little brother , so you do not have to deal with the fact that you be no fuck good . bobby if I be no good , why would you steal my fuck voice ? jack ' Cause you have nothing to fuck say . and you be too proud to sing any of the song I ever write . bobby ( after a beat ) well , I get something to say now , pal . I be do be you fuck errand boy . I quit . and Bobby 's go . Jack open the door to the dress room ... 60 . int . county fair - backstage - dressing room - later Jack be stand , shirt off , pants halfway down as a doctor administer a steroid shot in he bottom . jack yeah , my voice just get up on I a few month ago and ... another shot of steroid be better safe than sorry . the doctor finish ... hand he a prescription bottle . this be a routine . jack thank you for that and , yeah , we should be good . int . county fair - backstage - bathroom - continuous action ally recover from the fight that just happen , wash she face . she step out of the bathroom to find Jack . Jack notice ally take all this in as well as how beautiful she look . jack hey . you okay ? ally yeah . jack well , let 's play . ext . county fair ( tempe , arizona ) - backstage - later walking with jack and ally as they make they way as ally stop and just watch as Jack grab he guitar and head effortlessly onto the stage ... as we -- CUT to : int . helicopter - continuous action we see Jack look out the window to what look like a makeshift city erect in the middle of the English countryside ... as we -- CUT to : 61 . ext . glastonbury music festival erupting applause from the audience . the music kick in , and it 's the song , '' alibi . '' Jack attack the guitar . ally play the piano . jack ( into mic ; sing ) ' do not ask I ' bout tomorrow , or tell I ' bout my past , my heart be yours to borrow , ai not nothin’ mean to last , I be not lyin’ . 's thousand of people in the crowd all listening -— — montage - various shot on the road as we see Jack play a familiar song , '' maybe it 's time . '' jack ( into mic ; sing ) ' maybe it 's time to let the old way die , 's tour bus ( moving ) the tour bus hustle onward as the eastern sky begin to kindle -- jack ( v.o. ) ( into mic ; sing ) ' maybe it 's time to let the old way die , it take a lot to change a man , Hell , it take a lot to try , maybe it 's time to let the old way die , 's another concert - back lot the band disembark the bus one - by-one , and ally , too , one of they now , with Jack , ready for the next one . jack ( v.o. ) ( into mic ; sing ) ' nobody know what wait for the dead , nobody know what wait for the dead , 's 62 . tour bus ( moving ) - night ally lie awake into the night , scribbles song in she notebook as Jack sleep beside she . jack ( v.o. ) ( into mic ; sing ) ' some folk just believe in the thing they have hear and thing they read , nobody know what wait for the dead , 's another concert - night Jack and ally sing together on stage , nose - to- nose -- she slap the tambourine , lose in the music . jack ( v.o. ) ( into mic ; sing ) ' I be glad I can not go back to where I come from , I be glad that day be go , go for good , but if I could take spirit from my past and bring they here , you know I would , know I would . 's and as they unheard performance come to a close , Jack 's song and word fade into the diegetic sound of a crowd want more , not want the concert to end , the shout and chant which beckon a encore -- they continue -- end montage . backstage Jack and ally just off stage , the energy palpable ; the euphoria of perform still coursing through they vein and , in particular , ally 's -- the audience roar in the b.g. urging on the encore ... jack all right , I get a idea for the end . Jack light a joint . tequila shot be pour . ( continued ) 63 . continued : jack it 's gonna be a little different , we be gonna ... ally cheer . they all throw back the tequila ... band member jack where 's that joint ? we be just gonna be a little different for the end , okay ? we be gonna do the encore and the thing that I say . band member okay . all right . the crowd 's applause and whistle urging they return ... jack all right ? come on , let 's go back out and do it . go , go , go . and walk back to the wing just off stage -- ally ( follow he ) what ? what be you do ? he stop just short of the stage and turn to she , hold she ... jack all right , listen to I . here 's what we be gonna do . you be gonna do the song that I say that I want you to do , remember ? the one that I love . ally jack no . no , I be not . please ! yeah , you be gonna do the come on . one that I love . it 's gonna be great , come on . ally come on , Jack . please do not . jack I all always ... you promise I you be gonna do it -- ally I always say -- ( continued ) 64 . continued : jack I love you ... he kiss she . jack always remember we this way . and he leave she there in the wing ... jack ( 0.s. ) ( over speaker ) everybody , we be gonna bring out ally to bring we home ... and she 's gonna sing a original song . thank you . ally pour herself another shot of tequila and gulp it down . there 's big applause . ally walk -- on stage look at the piano . she 's catch between what she so badly want and what be stop she ... she look at Jack , who smile he encouragement , make she feel safe , despite she deep fear , she go over to the piano ... ally look out at the audience ... here she go , into the abyss ... ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' that Arizona sky , burnin 's in you eye , you look at I and , babe , I wanna catch on fire , it 's bury in my soul , like California gold , you find the light in I that I could not find , 's and she start to play and sing a original song ... which make the night stand still ... the world at she foot ... ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' so when I be all choke up and I can not find the word , every time we say goodbye , baby , it hurt , when the sun go down , and the band will not play , ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . continued : ally ( cont 'd ) I will always remember we this way , Lovers in the night , poet tryin ' to write , we do not know how to rhyme but damn we try , but all I really know , you be where I wanna go , the part of I that 's you will never die , 's but for now , in this glorious moment , people on they iphone be recording it for posterity ... one of that time where people will tell you they be there when ally campana sing on she own for the very first time ... ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' so when I be all choke up and I can not find the word , every time we say goodbye , baby , it hurt , when the sun go down and the band will not play , I will always remember we this way , oh , yeah , I do not wanna be just a memory , baby , yeah , so when I be all choke up and I can not find the word , every time we say goodbye , baby , it hurt , when the sun go down and the band will not play , I will always remember we this way , Way , yeah , when you look at I and the whole world fade , I will always remember we this way . 's ally finish to huge applause , people scream ... jack that be fuck beautiful . as they come off the stage ... int . theater - backstage - continuous action rez be right there wait for they ... rez ally ? ally , that be unbelievable ... what you do up there . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ally thank you ... ally turn to grab Jack , but he 's already walk away ... rez I do not know if you know anything about I , about where I have come from . I be rez gavron . alley 's incredulous look -- ally I know who you be . rez what you have right now go way beyond just this . there 's people who need to hear what you have to say musically . this be not normal stuff . it 's really amazing what you be do . I think you have it all . I do . and the question to you be , ' what do you want ? 's I be in that position , to put you wherever you want to be . she think about this , she 's never really think about it . ally I do not ... I do not have ... I gotta talk to Jack ? off ally 's look -- int . HOTEL - suite - night Jack , eye glaze over , past go , but smoking a joint anyway , listen to ally -- ally he say he think interscope record might really wanna sign I ... and he say that he have this wonderful studio ... with a beautiful live room . Jack do not say anything ... ally and this amazing producer he want to bring in to record my song . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 . continued : ally ( cont 'd ) and he love , um , ' look what I have found . 's remember the song I write at the diner ? remember , when we be on the motorcycle ? jack yeah . hard to tell if Jack 's even listen . he lean over to put he joint in the ashtray ... his balance in question ... ally yeah ? I mean , it be so nice talk to he , and he really believe in I . thunk ! Jack crash to the floor -- concerned party member ally you all right , Jack ? he 's okay . he 's fine . he do this all the time . Jack get up and causally walk away without the slight bit of acknowledgment to ally 's career- shifting moment ... ally hey , Jack ? he keep walk ... ally follow he into -- bedroom - continuous action Jack do not say anything ... he turn to she . ally what 's go on ? Jack still do not say anything . she come closer into he . ally what be you do ? Jack take a cream puff and smashes it into she face and mouth -- ally ( laugh ) you jealous fuck . jack I be so happy for you . ( continued ) 68. continued : ally oh , you be ? he rub it in more . ally Jackson ! why be you so jealous , boy ? she then grab a handful of cream and rub it into he hair , and she suddenly pull he onto the bed ... roll on top of he despite the food ... hold he ... kissing he ... int . recording booth - on ally - day we rack focus to the b.g. see glass and people behind it ... rez and Jack watch she ... and we realize we be inside a recording studio ... ally ( into mic ) I be so sorry . I be , I be sorry . BEN ( over speaker ) no , you be fine . we will do it again . I be gonna cue you in . ( into mic ) one , two ... and the percussive piano chord start to play , a echo of what she start to write in the diner -- ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' I be alone in my house ... 's but it 's not quite right ... BEN ( over speaker ) one second , one second . listen to my cue . we will come right in , okay ? ally so , should , uh ... well , uh ... I be sorry , but will I sing in the beginning ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : BEN so you be gonna hear the second line , and then I be gonna start recording . she start again , Jack and rez listen to she sing . and Jack sense this be not go well ... know you only get one bite of this apple ... look at rez ... who be not even look , but look down at he phone -- jack ( to rez ) I think I get a idea that might help out , all right ? rez yeah , please . be my guest . BEN ( into mic ) that be really good up to that point . jack I be just gonna go in there for a second , all right ? BEN all right , Jack . Jack go out and into ... recording booth Jack come in , stop the recording . ally ( apologetic ) I have never sing with a track before . he back she tenderly against a wall , hand on the wall on either side of she face , lean close , whisper to she ... jack listen , you know what I think it be -- I think it 's because you need you piano . I think if you be play it and sing it ... and then with the rhythm ... she take a breath , try to reset ... ( continued ) 70 . continued : ally I always play it on the piano . jack so I be just gonna have they fly one in , and we will try it there ... and see where it go . ally you think that 's okay ? she look at he ... trust he ... and he move he hand to let she go ... ally thank you . jack I get you . you be do great . you okay ? ally no , I be so nervous . jack you look so beautiful . ally thank you . Jack and ally kiss take we to -- same scene - later a piano , ally at the key , Jack seat next to she . she begin again -- ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' I be alone in my house , I be out on the town , I be at the bottom of the bottle , I have be knockin ' ‘em down , I can not get back up on my foot , see the light on the street like star , but look what I find , look what I find . 's and it make all the difference in the world , she voice pop with the music to make one spectacular , undeniable mix ... and rez know it . 71 . int . dance studio dancer stretch with ally . richy , choreographer - extraordinaire , walk in like he own the place ( he do ) . richy ( to the dancer ) oh , so you guy have already meet the new girl , have you ? ( notice rez in the corner ) rez ! what 's the plan ? rez yo , thanks for do this , man . I appreciate it . CUT to : same scene - later legs dancing furiously in the f.g. ally 's new song , '' heal I '' plays loud -- wider angle we see ally rehearse with richy and the two dancer , a contemporary dance number ... ally and the dancer pour sweat ... rez continue to watch from the back . the music cut -- richy this be pop music , kid . we have a battle to do , okay ? you be the troops , so if I call you troops ... just know that we be go into battle . what be my lyric , ally ? richy keep instruct vocally the beat , they continue to refine the move ... and dance -- ally ( sing ; dance ) ' just do not keep I wait ... 's richy ( dance with they ) yes ! again , give I that . self. break ! yes ! ( continued ) 72 . continued : ally ( sing ; dance ) ' when I can not inspire myself , I need you to provide for I . 's the dancer continue as ally go to the back of the studio and over to rez ... the dancer in the f.g. rez look over to the dancer ... rez this be just fine -tun and create a image . they watch the dance move , fast , sharp , mechanical ... ally yeah . I know , I just do not wanna lose , like , you know ... the part of I that 's talented . rez I be not gonna let you lose that piece . ally okay . she nod she head , he 's get through . int . jack 's house - day musical instrument , a microphone , recording equipment ... Jack on the sofa , hear the door open , then a chime sound ... a little australian labradoodle puppy come run up to he , all love . jack hey , you ? who be you ? ally come in , hold a leash , dog food by she side . ally think we could use some company ... Jack look at the new dog tag : charlie . jack hey , Charlie ! Jack and ally snuggle up with the puppy . ( continued ) 73 . continued : jack what be we gonna do with you ? oh , he 's beautiful ! he 's get you eyelash . ally ( as dog ) ' you can not send I back . I be too cute . 's he look up to ally , pure delight on he face . int . bathroom - night ally straddle Jack in the bathtub . she put mascara on he eyelash , he 's playfully resistant . jack this have never be do before , just so you know . she ever so gently place a black tape eyebrow on he face . ally it actually have be do before . Jack and ally kiss . ext . jack 's house - night looking in . Jack and ally in bed ... int . sunroom - day Jack at the piano , work something out . int . jack 's house - close on hand - day eating some takeout chinese food ... wider angle Jack and ally be on the sofa together , enjoy they food . they be quiet , enjoy the companionship ... jack ( look at she ) would you come with I to Memphis ? ( continued ) continued : vulnerable 74 . ally what be you talk about ? jack I have to do some soul-crush work there ... but it keep the light on and then some . so I should be grateful , but it 's just kind of ... never what I think I would wind up do . to say the least . jack I have make peace with it , though . anyway , if you wanna come , I think we would have a laugh , at the very least . ally ( want to , but ... ) rez want to keep I here because they rush out the single ... they be so excited that they want I to finish the album . so I be work on that . jack listen to what you just say . people wanna hear what you have to say . ally I know . I ... jack that 's the stuff right there . ( face - to-face ) hey , hey . take it in . she smile . jack thank you , by the way . ally thank you for what ? jack give I a home . this place never feel like one before . 75 . int . convention CENTER - day people costume as pill dance around give out pamphlet , pharmaceutical kiosk set up in a horseshoe surround a empty stage where employees prep as people start to file into the chair ... backstage - dressing room Jack take out a pill bottle ... he take he boot and smashes the pill and snort they off the table ... he put the remainder of the crush pill in a glass and chase it with a big swig of gin . on stage the band be play , but Jack 's not there . everyone be wait for he . then , finally , Jack , a gin on the rock in he hand , obviously two sheet to the wind , come out to join he band to large applause . Jack look out at the audience , a sea of name tag ... he put on he guitar . jack oh , fuck . band member Jack , you okay ? Jack ? and as he play , drunk , load , but good enough to be passable and keep on he foot ... int . festival venue - night we be over ally 's shoulder as she 's breathe , get ready to go on ... we pull out and the music start and she come on and sing . however , the dancer be not a part of this choreograph number as intend ... ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' treat I like you patient , just do not keep I wait , or I will just be waste , in a crowd of the lonely , I need you to inspire I , when I can not inspire myself , I need you to provide for I ... 's backstage , rez see the dancers , very much not on stage . ( continued ) 76 . continued : rez be there a reason why you be not up there ? ally ' Lay I down , lay I down now , Lay I down , touch my spirit , ooh , Lay I down , lay I down now , Lay I down , heal I , God know nothin’ else be gonna , gonna heal I , oh , before it 's too late , wo not you steal I , steal I all the way from myself , wo not you heal I ? 's ext . festival venue - offstage - later ally and rez just offstage , crowd now dance to a dj that have take the stage . she 's still in she outfit ... she and rez speak loud over the noise . ally ( panting ) hey ! rez pretty incredible . ally do Jack show up ? rez I have not hear from he . ally what do you mean , you have not hear from he ? rez I have not hear from he all night . ally I have not be able to find he . I call he three time . rez listen , what happen with the dancer there ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : ally well , I just think , you know , that I should do it alone ... it 's just , it 's so overwhelming . with the hair , and the -- rez you can not go rogue on I . you have to understand that this be what I do ... you have to trust I , okay ? so , if I give you a couple of dancer ... do not not use they and then miss a couple of step , okay ? we also have to change you hair . we have to change the color of you hair . she 's still a little lose , think about Jack until -- ally what 's wrong with my hair ? rez I be think platinum , or ... ally I do not wanna be fuck blonde . I be who I be , and I be worried about Jack . rez I will find Jack , okay ? I will find he . off ally -- ext . residential neighborhood ( memphis ) - morning a figure step into a sun-blister sky and lean into the frame , revealing GEORGE '' noodles '' stone . noodles Jack . I feel like we have do this before . do not think we would do it so soon , man . we see that Jack be look up at he , lie in a field of ivy . Rough night . noodles come on , bro . get up . all right . there we go . ( continued ) 78 . continued : noodle help Jack stumble to he foot . they head for the house ... jack in my mind , I make it to the door . noodles I almost do not wake you . you look so comfortable . ext . noodles 's yard - moment later noodle smoke a cigarette , Jack sit off to the side , still recover from the night 's antic ... noodle 's wife paulette , wear a bathrobe , watch from the porch . paulette how you do ? jack well , you know , I have see better day , I guess . I apologize for ... disrespect you property ... or whatever I do . paulette no apology necessary . noodles it 's fine . paulette you want some coffee ? noodles ( to paulette ) that would be great , why do not you put some on , and we will come in , in a minute ? paulette okay . she walk off when Jack see noodle 's son peer out the window . jack that 's he , right ? that 's you boy . ( continued ) 79 . continued : noodles Jack , he 's as old now as you be when I meet you . Jack laugh . he look a little worse for wear ... noodles saw you on YouTube . that video with the girl . jack yeah . noodles it make I happy , man . you look like you . you be just ... do it , bro . jack she write , too . noodles she write that tune ? jack yeah . bunch of other , too . get hook up with some manager guy , want to ... you know ... noodles she 's good , bro . jack I know . noodle look at he ... never shy ... noodles maybe she 's a way out . Jack regards he old friend ... noodles ai not nothing to be afraid of , bro . you know , it 's like ... you float out at sea , and then one day , you find a port . say , ' I be gonna stay here for a few day . 's a few day become a few year . and then you forget where you be go in the first place . and then you realize , you do not really give a shit about where you be go ... ' cause you like where you be at . that 's how it be for I . I like where I be at . ( continued ) 80 . continued : Jack take this in . noodles I do not even realize I like it so much ... till I see you ass sleep in the grass this morning . they laugh , but Jack 's hangover have get the best of he . noodles yeah , come on , man . you can rest in my daughter 's room , bro . int . noodles 's daughter 's room —- later sleep in the bottom bunk bed , pink blanket half pull over he . he start to wake up -- Jack look up and , like a vision of a angel , he see ally stand in the doorway ... but this be not a vision and she come to the bed , stand over he , look he over . he do not look well . then -- ally kick he . ally I think of , like , a million thing to say to you on the plane ... that I can not remember . he 's too hungover to say anything . ally gather herself . ally Jack ... jack glad you be here . you do make it to Memphis after all . ( beat ) fuck . he take she hand . she sit on the bed next to he . ally I will not do this again . I will not come and find you . next time , you can clean up you own mess . you understand I ? he nod he head . ( continued ) 81 . continued : jack how be the show ? despite everything , they be on this journey together and ally let 's he in ... if only for a moment -- ally it be fuck awesome . I cut the dancer . jack dancer ? ally yeah . jack ah. good. Fucking dancer . all you need to do be sing . but she need he to hear she -- ally you make I so upset . jack I be sorry . int . noodles 's dine room - later ally sit with noodle and he family ( paulette ; frankie , he daughter ; and leo , he son ) all sit at the dining room table , a home - cooked meal at the center , family - style . noodles I see that video on YouTube . it be great . ally thank you so much . the little girl stare at she . noodle see Jack in the kitchen . Jack quietly wave he over ... noodles Excuse I one second . ally and the family continue they small talk as noodle make he way to -- 82 . noodles 's kitchen Jack lean in -- they conversation in whisper . noodles what 's go on ? jack do you have plier or something ? noodles 's dine room ally eat , frankie continue to stare . ally I do not know where my mom be . paulette I can understand that . frankie I think you be pretty . ally I ? you think I be pretty ? thank you . I think you be pretty . noodles 's music room a guitar on a stand ... Jack walk over to it . the headstock have the excess six -string looped . he bend the D string and clip it with the plier , take it with he . he start to twist and bend it back on itself ... noodles 's dine room noodle , pick up where he leave off -- noodles ( to ally ) it be real great , and then Jack tell I you write the song . ally yeah , he get I to start sing my own song again . noodles he have a way of , he have a way of do that . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ally ( watch Jack 's return ) yeah , he do . Jack join they at the table . noodle start to go into a story with the kid when Jack lean over to ally -- jack ( whisper ) I understand what you say . Jack lean in further ... ally what the hell be you ... Jack slide something onto she leave hand '' ring finger '' -- the guitar string twisted into a makeshift engagement ring ... they look at each other . ally ( laugh ) be you kid ? jack ( quietly ) well , that 's a stupid thing I just do . ally ( quietly ) no . it 's not stupid . ally lift up she leave hand show she '' engagement ring . '' they all erupt with love and encouragement . noodle look at Jack , smile to he . ally ( to noodle ) be that what you be do when you leave the table ? noodles I do not know . he tell I he be look for some plier . I do not know what he be go to do . I do not think he be gonna ' do it 's do it . ( continued ) 84 . continued : jack well , that 's just temporary . noodles no , no , no . Jack , wait a minute . let 's anoint this . paulette noodles good idea ! we have get two let 's do it today . yo , for witness . real . ally look at Jack ... they can not be serious ... noodles I will call my cousin right now . it 's Saturday . nobody 's gonna be in there . let 's go . jack ally I mean ... ( to Jack ) you really wanna do that ? jack that place have magical quality to it . ally ( laugh ) it what ? it ‘has a magical quality ? 's jack it do . ally jack what do you mean ? I mean that church be special . they be serious . paulette I will take you to get a dress . jack there you go , right there . paulette it would be great ! okay , you be come with we for sure because you be the ... and as the excitement continue , ally turn to Jack , he smile ... ally I can not believe this . what be I do ? okay , sure . 85 . montage - int . memphis church - various shot - day '' I don ’t know what love be '' carry we from shot to shot ... jack and ally walk the aisle , the stone family in tow . hug all around from the pastor -- a reunion . in the distance : at the other end of the church jack and ally at the altar . a pastor with jack and ally , noodles , he family around . ally jack I do . I do . jack and ally kiss , noodles and family clapping . noodles congrat , man . jack I listen to what you say . noodles I be glad you do . pre - lap : big brass band and percussion music -- int . club juke joint - various shot - night onstage , the energy here be palpable . it 's a celebration of musician , not singer ... a man on the horn , the trumpet player take over , and then noodles at the drum go at it , a veteran to the trade ... with a wide smile , point to Jack and ally in the packed audience ... noodle wave they up on stage ... the music never stop ... ally and Jack rub cake icing on each other 's nose . then they rub it on noodle . ally toss a bouquet . high angle -- the music taking US to -- end montage . 86 . ext . billboard ( establishing ) ally 's debut album -- ally . her hair now red , vibrant , exciting , new ... int . chateau marmont - there room - day Jack get off the hotel phone and Ramon sit across the room on the couch , type on he phone . jack lot of people downstairs ? ramon yeah . jack she better come out soon , before they leave . ramon what , want I to check on she ? jack I think we be gonna have to go pretty soon , so ... ramon all right . Ramon get up . Jack watch he go over to the bathroom door . ramon ally . I be come in . before she answer , he open the door and slip in -- int . chateau marmont - there room - bathroom - continuous action he lean against the door . ramon ally . a beat . ally yeah . ( continued ) 87 . continued : ally be in a empty bathtub , the shower curtain obscure she . ramon what be you doin ' in the tub ? he pull back the curtain and ally , with long , red hair , be sit on the bathtub floor in a evening gown . ally this be so weird . I do not know who the hell I think I be . I ... one song be fine ... but to put out a whole record , I do not know what the fuck I be think . ramon I do not know about all of that , but you definitely look like a star . ally really ? ramon yeah . int . chateau marmont - there room rez sit across Jack now , two man wait for they girl . jack what do you think of the hair and the look and the ...? rez well , I discuss it with she . jack yeah . rez I think it look great . jack be that you choice , or ...? rez no , it be actually hers . ( beat ) no drink ? jack what 's that ? ( continued ) 88 . continued : rez no drink ? Jack nod , fully aware of the implication rez be allude to . jack no sock ? rez seemingly have no sock on . rez touché . touché , mate . jack yeah , I could never get use to that ... the idea of not wear sock . you foot get all sweaty ... rez ( laugh ) no , I actually be wear sock . they be this kind of little female insert sock ... that work with this shoe . jack oh . oh , you be . you be just hide they . rez ( laugh ) yeah , I be just hide they . that 's right . int . chateau marmont - there room - bathroom —- continuous action ally and Ramon be sit in the bathtub ... Ramon pull out he phone and , with a few swipe , pull up a video ... he hand it to she ... we see she melt . video : it 's the gang from the bleu bleu all together in the dress room -- drag bar emcee ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) okay , now be this thing ... yeah , there it be . oh , that 's a good light . here , hold this for I , baby . hey , ally , girl ! wait , hold on . come here , sooki , donte . come here . ( continued ) 89 . continued : emerald ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) I put my Jackson titty on ! gang ( v.o. ) congratulation , ally ! / we miss youll ! ( etc . ) drag bar emcee ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) we love you ! ally ( at phone ) I love you , too . drag bar emcee ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) all right , girl , please come back soon . we do put etta in you station , girl . they play around for the camera -- int . chateau marmont - there room ally and Ramon walk in . ramon the queen be here ! ally ( laugh ) stop ! jack ( she look ) wow ! ally look up to rez , then to Jack . she let out a big breath . it 's all happen at once ... ally what do you think ? jack it 's beautiful . rez you. ' snl . 's alec baldwin host . ally do you get it ? do you get it ? ( continued ) 90 . continued : rez season finale . ramon rez no fuck way . no , you get it . ally oh , my God ! that 's incredible ! thank you . rez ramon congratulation ! bitch ! ally oh , my gosh ! rez we have to get downstairs . everyone 's wait for you . come . let 's go . ally okay . and they start to move off , but Jack take she hand -- jack ( to rez ) you know what ? can I just talk to she for one second outside ? before rez can say anything , he take she out of the room and onto -- ext . chateau marmont - there balcony - magic hour and we see ally and Jack look out to the sunset Strip below and a view of a giant billboard : ally , the cover of she debut album . they stare at the billboard ... jack it do not do you any justice , I 'il tell you that . ally you always say you like my nose . jack I love you nose . ally it 's real big up there . ( continued ) continued : Jack pull ally take ally look wide shot 91 . jack I wish it be bigger up there . the whole thing should just be you fuck nose . fuck all that people who ever say anything . just put a billboard of you fuck nose up there . ally ( laugh ) that 's so ridiculous . she in , almost whisper into she ear . jack listen , if I just do not say this , I all never forgive myself . ally what ? jack if you do not dig deep in you fuck soul ... you will not have leg . I be just tell you that . you do not tell the truth out there , you be fuck . all you get be you , and what you wanna say to people ... and they be listen right now , and they be not gonna be listen forever . a deep breath . jack trust I . so , you gotta grab it . and you do not apologize , you do not worry about why they be listen ... or how long they be gonna be listen for ... you just tell ‘em what you wanna say . ' Cause how you say it be the stuff of angel . up at he with tear in she eye . - the billboard two dwarf figure on the balcony go back into the room ... 92 . int . dance rehearsal space - day ally in rehearsals with she dancer and richy , the choreographer . they dance to the music and he count , one of ally 's new hit song , '' hair , body , face . '' int . '' snl '' — night alec baldwin walk to the stage with a female assistant director in tow . there be a smatter of applause . female assistant director thirty second . Red mark . ( beat ) alec in twenty . Jack watch from below , back behind the pit and the stand audience . male stage manager ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) Fifteen . male director ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) all right , stand by , guy . here we go , ready ? song one . male stage manager ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) stand by , alec . ally wait backstage . we see monitor with '' saturday night live '' in the control room . male director ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) ready four . cue dissolve four . female assistant director ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) alec in five second . ( through radio ) four , three , two , one ... male director ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) and go four . dissolve four ... and cue alec ! alec baldwin ( to camera ) lady and gentleman ... ally . ( continued ) 93 . continued : male director ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) dissolve one . the audience cheer . we pan over to -- light explode upon the stage , revealing ally front center stage . ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' why do you look so good in that jeans , why would you come around I with a ass like that , you be makin 's all my thought obscene , this be not , not like I , 's she be the definition of a pop star . the song : vibrant , electric , catchy as all hell , and completely unrecognizable to Jack . ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' why you keep on texting I like that , get other thing I need my mind on , yeah , other responsibility , this be not , not like I , why do you do that , do that do that do that do that , do that to I , 's the song go into its generational anthem chorus , the crowd begin to jump in unison to the beat , a slave to she command of the song -- Jack saunter off , weaving he way farther into the bowel of the dark -- backstage the sound slightly recede as he make he way across into a place less populate . he spot a monitor , a live feed to the broadcast , the camera do acrobat to mimic the energy of the song . he pop open a beer , watch until -- deep voice ( 0.s. ) the caterpillar become the butterfly . ( continued ) 94 , continued : Jack turn and take in he brother ... jack ( pleasantly surprised ) what the hell be you do here ? bobby I be in town for a gig . be work for Willie . ( Jack can not hear ) I have be work for Willie . jack no shit . bobby yeah . think I would stop by and check she out . jack ( look at monitor ) yeah , well ... ally be writhe on the floor like a cat in heat . Jack grimace . ally ( into mic ; sing ) ' I have be prayin 's on my knee , that you would always stay around , that you would never leave . 's bobby ( be : Jack 's hearing ) be it get worse ? jack Nah , I have just be with my wife ... it 's go real good . ( beat ) funny to run into you ' cause , uh , I be think about ask you to come back out with we . Bobby be take aback . bobby I gotta say , it 's easier without you . Jack nod . they regard each other and the audience erupt at the end of she song ... ( continued ) 95 . continued : ally ( into mic ) thank you . Crew member and audience member alike begin to flood in around they , come back to begin setup for the next skit ... Jack begin to move back towards he wife , a fish head upstream . Bobby grab and hold he brother close -- bobby listen . you run into any trouble ... call I . Jack turn , ally and the entire horde of people be be ushere past ... Jack begin to walk in she direction , disappear into the onslaught . int . recording studio - day it 's dead quiet , we see jack be in a recording booth ... we can ’t hear they but we see he’s affectionately greet the member of he band ... pre - lap : snare drum , then guitar lick and band kicking in ... int . recording booth - day Jack , ebullient to be back in a recording session , the band all play together . vamp the music , sing nonsense lyric ... Jack play he guitar , feel great , create ... and it actually sound like something ... something special ... and even if it do not , the feel of be there , feel young , be free , be good enough ... ally join he at the mic -- ally and jack ( into mic ; sing ) ' I do not wanna feel another thing , I do not wanna feel another thing , 's they begin to kiss and sing , and sing and kiss . ally and jack ( into mic ; sing ) ' I do not wanna feel another thing ...’ 96 . int . photography studio ally in a striking costume and in a pose be photograph . and it 's hushed whisper around she ... another angle over the back of rez : walking into the studio . he make eye contact with ally . photographer that light 's beautiful . that 's it , ally . that 's it , I love that . ally make she way to she chair ... rez be wait . ally it 's so early . I have be here all night . rez it 's early for I . it 's late for you . they embrace . ally hi , it 's nice to see you . rez how you do ? ally rez I be kind of ... ( be : photographer ) he 's amazing . be not he ? the monitor in front of she show the set of last shot ... ally what do you think ? rez ( be : photo on monitor ) this fuck photo . ally they be so beautiful . rez look at that ! look at that ! that 's incredible . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ally it do not even look like I . the whole crew stop what they be do to watch -- rez ( a beat ; then ) you have just be nominate for three grammy . include ' best New artist . 's they just announce it now . she look at he like he 's crazy . rez ( shouting ) everybody , grammy -nominate artist . ally 's stunne . she sit there , gather herself , and the whole crew start to clap for she and approach she to congratulate she ... rez hug she . rez congrat . int . jack house - music room - morning and we see Jack , a drink in he hand , sit on the floor ... he get up as he see ally approach . ally have you be drink ? be you fuck up right now ? ally snatch the glass out of he hand , smell the gin ... a load moment between they . jack I have have a couple . ally it 's the morning . he look out the window . jack yup . she walk out , leave he ... Charlie the dog nuzzle against Jack . jack hey , buddy . 98 . int . jack 's house - bathroom - later ally be now in the bath , a moment of respite , quietly sing '' La vie en Rose . '' Jack enter , still drunk . he sit down on the bath 's edge -- jack you have be nominate for three grammy and it 's fuck great . ally thank you . how do you find that out ? jack Bobby tell I . he call , he say that they want I to do some Roy orbison tribute , some super group thing , but ... ally that 's great . jack but the point be you get nominate and it 's great . I be just try to figure it out , that 's all . ally jack what be you try to ' why you come around with figure out ? a ass like that ? 's she look at he dumbfounded ... ally what be you ... you sing my lyric ... jack ' why you look so good in that jeans , why you come around with a ass like that ... 's ally yeah , that 's my song . jack ally yeah , I know it 's you what about my song ? song , I have to fuck listen to it over and over and fuck ... then -- ( continued ) 99 . continued : ally you be not make any sense . Jack take a drink . ally yeah , just keep drink . that 'il give you the answer . jack I do not know , maybe I just fuck fail you , it just kill I , I be sorry , I just -- ally you what ?! you fail I ? jack yeah , you be embarrassing and it just -- you know , I feel bad for you . ally I be embarrassing ? jack and I just ... you know -- ally jack I be not fuck I just have to tell you , I embarrassing , you be have to be honest with you , embarrassing and you know you know ? what you be do ? you be so embarrassed of you fuck self that you gotta put I down . jack you be worried that you be ugly -- and you be not , I be try to tell you that -- so you need to get all this fuck approval by all this other people and it 's ... ally jack I do not need approval . I just ... why can not I just be enough for you ? ally you know what I have like ? be for my boyfriend to love I . jack no ... ( continued ) 100 . continued : then show she wedding ring -- he shake ally actually , for my husband to love I . jack yeah , who 's you fuck boyfriend ? you have a boyfriend ? ally ( sarcastic ) yeah , I get a boyfriend . jack that hurt . ally yeah , I have a boyfriend . jack call I you fuck boyfriend ... ally you be my boyfriend ! you be my boyfriend if you do not treat I like you wife . jack I do not even know what that fuck mean . ally it mean clean you shit up . you be fuck messy . that 's what it mean . jack well , that 's not true . ally oh , it be not ? he head . ally well , let 's go . ( grab he drink ) you want to be my drink buddy ? want to practice ? jack I do not think you could handle it . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ally you do not ? I x11 just do it . she take a drink from he glass . jack ally and you know why ? ' Cause ( imitate he voice ) you be too worried what you do not think I can everybody else be think . handle it . here we go . you can not even concentrate here we go . here we go , on one fuck thing ... Jack , want I to be you that 's right . dad , be you drink buddy ? here we go ... jack yeah , you could not be my dad if you fuck try . he have more talent in he fuck finger than you whole fuck body , so do not even fuck go there about that , alright ? that 's over the fuck line . ally why do not you have another drink and we can just get fuck drunk until we fuck disappear , okay ? hey ... do you get that pill in you pocket ? jack you be just fuck ugly , that 's all . ally I be what ? jack you be just fuck ugly . ally get the fuck out ! he just stare at she . ally get out ! he do not move . ally I say get out ! she erupt out of the bath , splash he to move . ( continued ) 102 . continued : jack Fine . Jack get up and leave . we stay with she . ext . concert venue - night the crowd roar for a encore . we hear the ringing in Jack 's ear . then , from out of the darkness , Jack return to stage wear he hat . he take he guitar and sit down ... look out into the light , the faceless crowd ... jack ( over speaker ) good evening . he begin to play the guitar , the familiar beginning of '' maybe it 's time '' and the crowd go wild ... int . dance rehearsal space - day loud music : quintessentially ally pop . ally in mid-dance with she dancer and richie the choreographer . they be hustling , she 's step up she game , and it 's fun to watch ... from the back , Jack wait on the side , watch she . she see he . do not stop dance . keeps move . ally ( over speaker ; sing ) ' tryin ' to leave here , but you will not let I leave , sayin ' that if I care what they think I 'il never succeed . 's richy hold the music ! Music cut -- ally come over to he . they do not embrace ... jack that be great . ally what be you do here ? ( continued ) continued : they hug . int . music Bobby and 103 . jack something fall through , so I be able to come back a few day early . ( beat ) I think I might have say some thing and ... just how I act . ally you hurt I . you really hurt I . jack sorry . ally you have not be drink . jack what would you say ? ally I say you have not be drink . I can tell . jack no , I have not . no. ally I have to get back ... jack oh , yeah . sure . can I watch ? ally yeah , okay . ( then ) meet I at home . jack or I can wait and drive you home . ally just meet I at home . award rehearsal space - backstage - day Jack silhouett by the lighting rehearsal behind they -- jack what do you mean , they do not want I to sing ? ( continued ) 104 . continued : a musician stand on the stage with a guitar , marlon william , a young , up - and -come musician , probably a image of what Jack once use to be ... bobby they hire this fuck kid at the last minute . they do not tell I a fuck thing . ( beat ) look , we have be on that other side before . more than once . Jack let that sink in ... jack ( sotto voce ) yeah . bobby Truth be , I do not deliver . Jack look up to he big brother . what 's there to say ? jack well , it 's a good thing I know how to play the guitar . it 's fine , I will do it . Bobby study Jack , '' resign '' be not a word he 's come to define he brother by . bobby you be gonna do it ? jack sure . int . music award rehearsal space - stage - day Jack strap he guitar on and soldier on while marlon sing : marlon william ( over speaker ; sing ) ' pretty woman , I could not help but see , pretty woman , 's jack ( to tech ) hey , where 's the wedge ? can not fuck hear with the ... ( more ) ( continued ) 105 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) ( point ) be the monitor here ? Jack try to tune he guitar to a large speaker . Close enough . Jack begin to accompany marlon . same scene - later rehearsal 's over . Jack take off he guitar and start to pack it into its case . marlon come over , a true fan . marlon william but yeah , like I say , it 's , it 's a real , real honor . cheer . jack yeah . oh , honor 's mine . yeah , you be great . it will be fun . marlon william yeah , hope so . jack yeah . jack 's house - live room and we see ally sit in a high chair , a towel around she , be make up by three different people swarm over she hair and makeup , people prepare she dress ... Lorenzo and wolfie come into the crowded room ... lorenzo who coulda be a crooner ? right ? you remember what Paul say . ally and lorenzo Paul anka tell I I have more natural talent ... ally +.. than Sinatra . lorenzo +.. than Frank -- that 's it ! direct ... ally ( interrupt ) direct quote ! 106 . jack 's house - music room Jack sit alone dejectedly on the sofa . wolfie ( 0.s. ) you know what Paul anka actually say to he ? lorenzo ( 0.s. ) no , what do he say ? wolfie ( 0.s. ) ( as if Paul anka ) he say ' would you please pull the car over and let I out over here on the curb ? 's jack 's house - live room ally can not help but laugh with wolfie ... lorenzo ( laugh ) all right , but ... ( look at he ticket ) oh , my God ! sweetheart . this be unreal ... the grammy . Jack walk up from the hallway in a beige suit -- jack hey , look at everybody . how be you ? wolfie lorenzo hey , Jack . hey , there he be ! Jack offer a smile , then look to ally in the chair . ally how be you ? ( kiss Jack ) be you okay ? jack ( lean in ) what 's that ? ally be you okay ? be you okay ? jack oh. yeah , I be great . ( continued ) continued : 107 . ally be you sure ? jack yeah , I be great . they have I go in early , so I gotta go now and then ... jack but I make sure that they , they tell I where you be sit , so that I can go right after . ally okay . jack ' Cause I do not wanna miss the award . because it 's right , it 's right before it . ally okay . jack look great . Jack go over and kiss ally once more . ally ( stutter ) you just get that look on you face . jack I do ? watch -- ( swipe he face ) it 's go . now magically a smile . then head out -- Jack walk lorenzo ( to Jack ) gonna get to see you perform tonight , get to see you sing . ( call after he ) hey , Jack , that 's , like , a incredible , um , collection of vinyl you have in there . jack take whatever you want . it 's yours. out . ( continued ) 108 . continued : lorenzo take whatever I want ? wolfie lorenzo he just say , ' take he 's talk to the wrong whatever you want .' guy . int . award show - greenroom - night Jack be in the pack greenroom , drink as much and as quickly as he can ... pop a couple of pill for good measure ... and there 's a sense , despite where he be at , he 's a man without a country ... int . staples CENTER - award stage - continuous action where we see jack , part of the supergroup on the stage at the award , stand by to play there tribute to roy orbison ... jack , despite be brave , it 's painful to see he relegated to just playing backup ... forgotten ... staples CENTER - orchestra seating - continuous action and we see ally sit in the audience , watch Jack along with everybody else in the audience . Jack drop he pick and struggle to pick it up . ally ( sotto voce ) oh , God ... staples CENTER - award stage - continuous action Jack manage to right himself into position just as -- marlon william ( over speaker ; sing ) ' pretty woman ...’ as stone as he be , Jack can still play the guitar . iconic guitar riff to '' pretty woman '' -- but for a moment , he hold the note maybe just a tad too long ... the performer freeze . then he pull it together and the song begin ... and as brandi carlile take the vocal and crush it -- 109 . staples CENTER - orchestra seating - continuous action ally can see , along with everybody else , he be noticeably , try as he might to do he best , just a afterthought . staples CENTER - award stage - moment later the song have end , the house light up for commercial , however , no one tell -- jack ( slurring ) oh , it 's over ? it 's over ? a stage hand help drag Jack off the stage . staples CENTER - orchestra seating - moment later back at ally 's seat , she struggle to keep it together . rez you good ? ally ( through watery eye ) I be fine . we see Jack come to he seat ... people stop he to extend they congratulation , which seem as hollow as a hollow victory ... he come to ally and rez sit with she ... '' best new artist '' light up the stage as the presenter take the mic , make foolish small talk ... and then announce the nominee of best New artist ... music award presenter ( over speaker ) and the nominee be ... jack ( slurring ) right here ? Jack stumble into the seat next to ally . male announcer ( 0.s. ) ( over speaker ) brandi carlile . Shea jett. desiree . ally . Johnson Wayne . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ally hi , baby . sit down , sit down , sit down . hi , you okay ? jack ( drunk and humiliate ) I be try to go to the men' room ... and they rush I over here . she take he hand ... his leg sprawle and way out into the aisle ... ally jack okay , put you leg inside . ( slurring ) I have to go to the bathroom . ally put you leg inside . rez they be announce you fuck category . keep he quiet . another angle they show the nominee , ally among they ... we see on the big screen the camera on she and Jack ... music award presenter ( over speaker ) and the winner be ... fumble with the envelope ... open the envelope ... jack ( 0.s. ) ( slurring ) you good ? this be exciting . music award presenter ( over speaker ) how great . ally ! ... and there be a explosion of joy ... rez first to embrace she ... jack ( slurring ) all right . what happen ? ally baby ! we win ! ( continued ) 111 . continued : jack ally ( slurring ) yep , that 's right ! be that why everybody 's ... Jack ... he 's incredibly happy for she , but not think clearly , he start to walk with she to the stage ... jack ( slurring ) where be we go ? ally just stay right here . he 's make it halfway down the aisle ... to the beginning of the stair ... ally just stay right here . and , without think , Jack continue to follow she until , realize he 's in the wrong place ... ally go sit back there . go sit back there . he stand , look lose , watch she mouth move without hearing what she be say . then we be with Jack as he decide to attempt to get out of sight by sit on the stair . jack ( slurring ) I will stay here . ally at the podium , start she acceptance speech . ally ( into mic ) oh , wow ! oh , my gosh ! I can not believe I be hold one of this . thank you to rez gavron , my manager . thank you for believe in I and tell I to get back from behind the piano and onto the stage . jack ( slurring ) do you win ? do you just win ? oh. do you just win ? ally pause in she speech . she just look at he -- ( continued ) 112 . continued : ally ( into mic ) thank you to my , my , um ... to Jack Maine , my husband . jack should I come up there ? and with every word that he mutter , the tension grow in the room . Jack stumble up the stair ... ally ( over speaker ) I love you so much . I always want to be a singer on a big stage and because of he , I be . Jack 's errant hobble and stupor manage to find ally at the podium ... ally we be have a lot of fun tonight . point to she on the big screen . jack yeah . shit. look . she pull he to she side . the awkwardness pervade the moment and , as she try to regain she speech ... ally ( over speaker ) if I have not thank you yet , just ... Jack pull for she attention to show she the large screen behind they ... jack do you see you be up there ? ally ( placate ) yeah , I do . ( then ; over speaker ) I start out sing with this beautiful man and I will sing with he for life . ( pull Jack back together ) right , baby ? ( continued ) 113 . continued : jack ( slurring ) oh , my God . you win . yeah . that be good . ally ( into mic ) I be so bless to be in the company of such wonderful musician . this be a dream come true , and all I can say be , believe in yourself , and do not give up , because there be a spot on that stage for you . good night . ally turn to look at he and , with that , the audience collectively give a hushed '' oh , my God . '' we see that Jack have wet himself ... jack ( slurring ) oh , shit . oh , fuck . oh , I think I need to ... I need to go to bed . I think , I think I peed myself . ally take control of the situation by pull up she dress , hide he from the humiliation ... ally ( whisper ) baby , just turn a -- jack ally ( slurring ) baby , can , can you ... I think I just ... she try to guide he off the dead silent stage , but -- thump ! -- Jack collapse to the stage floor , hard . the crew run to he aid as we -- CUT to : int . jack ’'s house - hallway - late at night suddenly , from the back of the hallway -- Lorenzo and wolfie carry Jack under he arm , like a wounded football player be take off the field , ally not far behind ... ( continued ) 114 . continued : lorenzo I think there 's a bathroom down at the end ... ally just take he to the shower . go to the leave . lorenzo ally follow I , Wolf . ally , you it 's on the leave , dad . just go inside , okay ? lorenzo I get it . go inside ! ally ( yell ) it 's my job ! it 's my job ! rez pull she away and out of sight -- rez ( 0.s. ) ( to ally ) they get he , they get he . Lorenzo slam Jack up against the wall -- lorenzo ( explode ) what the fuck be wrong with you ? wolfie get off ! they pull he into -- jack 's house - bathroom they hold Jack 's flaccid body up best they can as they come into the bathroom . lorenzo damn it ! watch he fuck head . Jack 's mumble incoherent save he brother 's name . jack ( slurring ) Bobby '1l take of it ... Lorenzo throw Jack into a shower and turn the water on full -blast . ally rush in and wolfie and Lorenzo immediately leave they alone , shutting the door . ( continued ) 115 . continued : ally look at Jack , completely a waste on the shower floor ... the water pour over he ... despite still be in she gown , she kneel down beside he ... ally you gotta sit up . I do not want you to choke , baby . sit up ! jack ( slurring ) all right , I , I must have take too much . she try to take he soile pants off , but he 's too heavy . wolfie ( 0.s. ) ( through the door ) you all right in there ? ally ( shouting ) I be fine . he 's fine . as we see the downpour of the water on the shower floor -- dissolve to : int . rehab CENTER - group therapy area - day over jack shoulder until revealing -- man' voice ( 0.s. ) so , everybody have they journal and we remember the homework assignment , the three thing that I want you to write down . carl , the group therapist , stare Jack down as sit at one of many chair circle up , group therapy in mid - session ... carl Jack , hey . jack sorry . sorry I be late . carl can not be late , Jack . jack understood , sorry . ( continued ) 116 . continued : carl good , where 's you journal ? jack it 's in my room . uh ... Jack start to get up . carl no , no , no , no . no . sit down . ( to everyone ) so , it 's all agree . nobody 's ever late here , right ? okay . good . ( to Jack ) anything you wanna tell we ? jack um ... I be grateful to ... to be here , and , uh , try to hold it together ... ( a beat ) I be Jack , I be a alcoholic . rehab member Jack ... jack drug addict . int . jack 's house - dine room —- morning Lorenzo put a plate in front of ally . a full spread on the table . he take a deep breath . ally sit there a moment , then sense something ... ally look over to he ... he body subtly shaking from a cry ... lorenzo this be all my fault . ally you do not have that kind of power , dad . eat you food . Lorenzo turn to she . ally how many time you carry my piano up the stair ? how many time do you sit there while I write a song ? ( continued ) 117 . continued : lorenzo ally always . it 's okay . you do not do anything . it 's not you fault . he reach over and hold she hand . Father and daughter . lorenzo you be just the great person in the world . ext . rehab CENTER - pool - day Jack swim in a lane , stroke after stroke , push he further , faster . he come out from below with a big breath ... carl ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) how long have you be here now ? jack ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) two month . ext . rehab CENTER - yard - continuous action Carl sit with Jack on a bench . carl can it be fix ? jack well , you would know that , do not you ? once it 's go , it 's go . carl I do not know what you have . jack oh , the tinnitus , they say , once you ... carl well , tinnitus can not be fix . jack right . well , I just hear that tone , that 's all . you know , the tone , yeah . the ringing . carl I have hearing aid on , as you -- ( continued ) 118. continued : jack no , I know . that 's why I ask you ... ( beat ) you know , I be convinced that ... it happen when I be young . my dad have a Victrola , you know , a old record player and ... I use to , my head be just about the size of it when I be a kid and I use to love to just put my whole head in there . he be big into the blue , so ... ' Cause you gotta figure , it be just I and he all day long . my brother 's out there try to make something of himself ... so I take one of he belt . I put it around the ceiling fan and ... try to do the deed . ( beat ) the whole fuck fan come out of the ceiling . Carl laugh uproariously . Jack join in . jack have a big cut on my fuck forehead . I be more mad about that than it not work . and he do not even notice . he do not even fuck notice . carl ' Cause ... ' cause he be drunk ? jack yeah ... that fuck fan stay on the floor for about a half a year . carl how old be you then ? jack I be just shy of thirteen . int . rehab facility - lounge - day Jack see ally walk down the corridor . she run into he arm . jack you smell good . ( continued ) 119 . continued : ally you smell good . and you look good , too . same scene - moment later Jack and ally sit across from each other at a table , both look out the window . jack swim . I have be swim . ally you have be swim ? jack yeah , there 's a pool . ally I love that you be swim . jack yeah . ally that 's a great pool there . jack how 's Charlie ? ally oh , Charlie 's sweet . he just sort of sit like , by the door like this -- she lean over , rest she head and hand on the table . ally wait for daddy . she sit up , then . ally we be both wait for daddy . a beat ... jack what , three week ? ally yeah . you be gonna come back , right ? ( continued ) continued : 120 . jack what do you mean ? ally you be go to come home when you be do ? jack do you not want I to ? ally no , I want you to . I be just wonder if -- I just ... jack where else would I go ? ally I do not know , I guess I just think -- you know , it 's like ... there 's , Jack -- he lean in . jack why would -- wait , wait , wait . why would you say that ? ally I do not know , I guess I wonder without the booze , you know , if you would want to come home . ' Cause when you meet I you be drink and now you be not . jack I be not drunk the whole time we be together . ally I know , but ... it get bad when we be together . it 's okay , I mean , it 's fine . I just be wonder , that 's all . whatever you want be okay . jack whatever I want ? I want to be with you . that 's why I be here . ally okay . I know , I know . I just want you to be happy . ( continued ) 121 . continued : jack I be work on that ... I need to stick with you . a beat ... ally I bring something . she go into she bag . ally I wanna know what this be , my love . she hand he she songbook . it have a fold piece of paper inside . he look at it ... on the paper be scribble : '' do not wanna feel another touch do not wanna start another fire do not wanna know another kiss no other name fallin ' off my lip do not wanna give my heart away to another stranger do not let another day begin wo not even let the sunlight in -- I will never love again '' reading it ... remember it ... ally you hide love song ? jack I do not know , it sort of fall out of I , I guess , and onto this page . and I put it in here , and I think ... I think maybe you would find it when you , uh ... when you come back to you , maybe . ally well , I find it . a beat ... she put the paper back into the songbook . jack listen ... I be ... I be sorry . and he begin to cry . ( continued ) continued : 122. ally it 's okay . it 's okay , it 's not you fault . jack ( cry ) I be sorry I do that . ally it 's okay . it 's not you fault . it 's a disease . jack ( cry ) no , but I embarrassed you . I embarrassed you . ally I be not embarrassed of you . jack ( cry ) but it be so wrong . and then you dad . ally my father love you , it 's okay . jack ( cry ) I know , but I ... ally it 's okay . jack ally ( cry ) it 's okay . I know but ... and we go wide angle int . jack 's ally it 's okay ... S house - music room rez with he arm fold , and ally at the piano . ally I have figure out what I think be the best solution for both of we . ( more ) ( continued ) 123 . continued : ally ( cont 'd ) Jack should come out on tour with I . rez shake he head in frustration -- ally rez we will start with we duet . you realize that 's not a I know he 's gonna be able option . to play by himself . ally he 's so inside of he art in a way he have never be . rez ( explode ) ally , there be no way that you can take Jack on tour with you ! there 's no way . ally rez he can hear himself again . do you understand what I be say ? ally begin to play the piano . ally you know what ? if you can not make that happen , then fuck cancel the tour . I do not know what to tell you . rez storm off , slamm the door behind he . ally cry . int . bobby 's truck ( moving ) - magic hour Bobby drive he truck down a dirt road with Jack riding shotgun . they have ride like this across the country and back a lot over the year ... a lot of hard mile on the odometer and between brother ... Bobby look over to he , then back to the road ... Jack just stare out the window , lose in think . bobby I think if we have a better band name , we might have make it . or maybe it be because we look like a father and son duo . not many of that around . Jack laugh . ( continued ) 124 . continued : jack I be not a good look for you , that 's for sure . bobby not my fault I could not find a better guitar player in the whole goddamn state . they share a small laugh ... then , after a beat ... bobby where in the fuck be it ? jack ( point ) right here . thanks for the ride . they pull into Jack 's driveway . bobby sure thing , Jack . Jack start to get out of the truck , but stop short ... jack hey , you know , uh ... when I , um ... when I say I would , you know , when I ... take you voice , you know . it 's you I idolize . it be not dad . and with that Jack , shut the door . Bobby take that in ... then drive off . Jack watch he go . int . jack 's house - live room - night Jack walk into the house , take it all in . altogether familiar and somehow foreign , like riding in the backseat of you own car . Little thing be different , the furniture have be rearrange slightly ... a '' La vie en Rose '' neon sign be off ... he go over to it . turn it on , realize this new addition they home . then Charlie run up to Jack , a '' welcome home '' bow tie around he collar ... jack hey , Charlie ... ( continued ) 125 . continued : he look up and there 's ally . she give a warm smile and , walk up to he , they embrace . a long hug , long overdue . ext . jack 's house - tree - morning Jack play with Charlie , chase he through the tree . Charlie make a turn and now chase Jack . they fall to the ground together . Jack pick he up and carry he into -- int . jack 's house - the piano room - continuous action the light stream in ... ally be at the piano ... she hold up a piece of paper . he come over to she and she hand it to he -- ally I wanna know how you hear this . it 's the song he write that she bring to rehab . jack that sound unbelievable , what you be play . ally thank you . jack it 's nice to hear it . I only hear it in my mind for so many week ... ally the word be beautiful . he sit down at the piano . he look at it . and after a moment 's hesitation ... jack you want I to do that ? oh , God , I do not know . ( beat ) I know you be gonna ask I . ally mm-hmm . Jack put the paper on the piano music shelf . he start to play . ( continued ) 126 . continued : it 's familiar because we have hear it before . and just before you might think he 's about to sing we -- CUT to : int . jack 's house —- bathroom - day Jack in the shower . he give himself one last rinse and then shut off the water . he start to wipe off the excess water off he body . int . jack 's house - back room —- moment later Jack walk to the door in jeans . int . jack 's house - front door - continuous action rez be stand outside the glass door as he watch Jack walk up , zipping up he pants . rez ( sotto voce ) back from the dead . jack ( open the door ) hey , sorry . be you wait long ? rez hey , Jack . no , no . jack uh , ally 's not home , uh ... rez no , I tell she I would meet she here , if that 's okay . yeah . jack of course , yeah . rez hesitates , but then they walk in together . int . jack 's house - kitchen - later Jack come into the room find rez on the couch . he sit opposite of he . Jack have a sparkling water in a glass with three ice cube and a lime , and offer one to rez -- ( continued ) 127 . continued : jack here you go . hey , thanks for take care of my girl when I be go . rez anything for she . jack she tell I about that european leg . that 's a hell of a accomplishment this soon out of the gate . shit , I remember it be , like , uh , ten year before I ever go across the pond . rez it be summer , two - thousand - four . jack shit , be it ? rez sit on the coffee table , get in Jack 's space , he want he to hear this . rez we be not exactly friend here . while you have be away , we have be back here in serious triage , try to clean up you fuck mess . barely find we way through it . Jack do not even know what to say . rez you almost single - handedly derail she whole career . you understand that ? she 's never gonna say this to you . she love you too much . just by stay marry to you , she look like a joke . it 's embarrassing . rez motion to Jack 's drink . rez let 's be honest , we both know it 's only a matter of time before that 's push aside again for the real thing . and when that happen , I do not want she anywhere near you . off Jack -- 128. int . jack 's house - bedroom Jack 's on the bed stare out . not do anything , he 's just be . ally ( 0.s. ) Jack ? ally come through the door and , find he , she lie atop he , rest she head against he shoulder , look at he . he do not say anything , just look at she with a warm smile . ally hey . I have some good news . jack yeah ? ally I be not gonna go to Europe . we be gonna cancel the rest of the tour , and I be just gonna be here all summer . be not that great ? jack what happen ? ally nothing happen . the label just love the record , and it 's do so well , and they wanna keep with the momentum and have I make another one . rez be super psyched , so it will be great . Jack take that in ... ally so , tonight 's gonna be my last show . go out with a bang at the Forum . jack great . ally yeah . why do not you come with I ? we can sing ' shallow 's together . the fan will go crazy to see you . ( beat ) come on , cowboy . he caress she hair . ( continued ) 129 . continued : jack yeah , why not ? okay . ally yeah ? okay , good . I will have a car come get you . they kiss , but it 's miss something . maybe she catch it , but they pull apart ... jack I will go meet you there . unsure of what to say -- ally I will see you soon , okay ? she stand and start to walk off -- jack hey . she turn to he . ally what ? jack I just want to take another look at you . ally slide she finger down she nose just the way she do the night they meet . and with a smile -- ally bye , honey . jack bye . off Jack -- int . jack 's house - kitchen - night Jack cook a steak on a cast iron skillet . he set it on a plate , then set down the steak on the floor for Charlie ... jack come here , Charlie . come here . Charlie go after it ravenously ... Jack walk out the glass door , leave Charlie ... 130 . ext . jack 's house - garage - later Jack be in he truck . he sit as it idle , presumably warming it up . then , after a beat , he back out of the driveway , but then -- stop . cut the engine . sit and wait . we can not see what he 's do , but he shift around in he seat for a moment , almost as if pull something from he pocket ... inside the pickup Jack fumble with a bottle of pill in the glove compartment . int . the forum - back stage - night the sound deafen ... ally pray in a circle with she crew . ally ( praying ) thank you so much for bring we all here together . please look over all of the dancer tonight and the band . and my husband , Jackson . we be so excited for he to be here with we . the Forum crowd cheer . ally ( to she crew ) we get a big night . we be at the Forum . L.A. let 's do this . ext . jack 's house - driveway - later Jack 's pickup be park . then he get out . hold our position by the truck -- Jack walk back into the garage ... he have he belt in he hand . he gently set he cowboy hat on a file cabinet . he turn to we and , in pull down the garage door , we get a glimpse of the ceiling fan slow its spin ... the door close ... 131. int . forum - later and as ally 's band play out the last few bar , she voice hold the final note . Long and steady , the audience exhilated to see how long she can hold it -- which be very long . a beat . a breath . the audience on they foot , already want a encore ... eruption of a crowd go crazy as ally , breathless , come upstage right down they staircase into the bowel below the stage . rez be wait -- ally be he here ? rez he 's not here . ally he 's not here ? she gulp from a water bottle while the stylist change she costume , rez in tow . rez we have to do ' shallow 's regardless , okay ? the guitar 's up there . everything 's gonna remain the same , okay ? ally what ? rez the guitar 's up there . everything 's gonna remain the same . both verse . I be sure it be just a bit much for he , that 's all . ally will you send somebody to the house , please . rez I be do it right now . ally I have fifteen second . ( continued ) 132 . continued : ally turn and walk back up the stair and out into the thrash of people -- the audience applause morph into a chant . the band play a familiar intro -- the first few chord of '' shallow '' ... the audience catch it , they erupt in tandem with the band come in full force -- this be a whole new version of Jack and ally 's song . this song have evolve much like the performer at center stage . tell I something , boy ... int . forum - stage - continuous action ally play and sing by herself at a piano on a platform in the middle of the arena along with Jack 's guitar on its stand -- ally launch into the chorus with the same power we hear echoing through the street they first night ... ally ( over speaker ; sing ) ' in the sha-ha- sha-ha - low , in the sha-ha- sha-la- la - la - low , in the sha-ha- sha-ha- ha - low , we be far from the shallow now , o00 ouuoo occ0o haaaa . 's ( into mic ) give it up for my husband , Jackson . and as the song end , breathe heavy -- ext . jack 's house - driveway - night Charlie be at the garage door , back and forth try to get in , bark . something 's wrong ... ext . jack 's house - later Red and blue light flash . Inside through the glass door it seem Jack have leave the '' La vie en Rose '' neon light on . dissolve to : 133. int . jack 's house - music room - morning ally at the piano , alone , break . bath in the red light of the '' La vie en Rose '' neon sign . she play a few melancholy chord , a song we have only begin to hear ... ext . jack 's house - grand window - day looking in . ally look out . the garage in the distance ... her root have grow out , show the natural brunette , the marking of the ally we meet at the beginning of the movie ... her eye transfix on the vista below . int . jack house - hallway / bedroom - moment later Ramon sit with ally in the window seat . rub she back . ramon I can stay , if you want . int . jack 's house - hallway - later ally stare at jack tour poster . something building inside she . and then , she snap -- crash ! she begin smash they , glass fly in a rampage . same scene - later ally sit cradling Jack 's guitar amongst everything break and smashed ... int . jack 's house —- music room - day Bobby sit next to ally , equally break , feel the very same thing , quiet . he do not move , although it feel like they need to hold each other . bobby some kid start sing one of he song in a bar I be in the other night ... they be play he song everywhere . he think about it ... ( continued ) 134 . continued : bobby at first I get angry . I do not know why . I guess I feel like ... how can any of this people feel like they know he ? who he really be . ( beat ) but then something change . and it soothed I . that , well , it be not all for fuck nothing . she look at he . ally ( sobbing ) the last thing I do be lie to he . bobby listen to I . it be not you fault . it just be not . you know whose fault it be ? Jack . that 's it . no one else . not you , not I . no one but Jack . ally ( cry ) I just keep go over and over it , over it in my head . after some moment ... bobby Jack talk about how music be essentially twelve note between any octave . twelve note and the octave repeat . it 's the same story . told over and over . forever . all any artist can offer the world be how they see that twelve note . that 's it . ally look at he , hearing he . int . the shrine - night pack with people seat in this huge theater . bobby ( v.o. ) ( post - lap ) he love how you see they . he just keep say , ' I love how she see ‘em , Bobby . 's ( continued ) 135 . continued : a silhouette of a woman , she head down in the wing . her hand clasp each other -- much in the same way she would hold Jack 's hand . and it be ally . and we be -- walking now with ally ... she 's in a dress , head into a proscenium larger than we have ever see . the light find she ... we go -- wide angle the crowd embrace she , '' we love you ally , '' and encouragement from all over ... she put she head down ... we see she 's a brunette . no makeup . ally ( whisper ; into the microphone ) hello , I be ally Maine . thank you for be here tonight to honor my husband . the crowd ador she , accept she at she most vulnerable ... ally ( whisper ; into the microphone ) he write a song for I . I would like to sing it for he tonight . and with you help , maybe I can . thank you . really . thank you . and with that , she begin to sing a original song , '' I nil never Love again . '' we slowly push in -- the audience a distant sound , they encouragement , they belief ... ally ( sing ) ' wish I could , I could have say goodbye , I would have say what I want to , maybe even cry for you , if I know it would be the last time , I would have break my heart in two , tryin 's to save a part of you , do not want to feel another touch , do not want to start another fire , ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 136 . ally ( cont 'd ) do not want to know another kiss , no other name fall off my lip , do not want to give my heart away , to another stranger ... 's we see glimpse of they time together perform on stage when they be just beginning they relationship . ally ' or let another day begin , wo not even let the sunlight in , no , I will never love again , I will never love again , oooouuu ooou oou , oh , when we first meet , I never think that I would fall , I never think that I would find myself lyin’ in you arm , mmmm mmmm , and I wanna pretend that it 's not true , oh , baby , that you be go ... 's we see glimpse of ally and Jack in bed with the glow of the '' La vie en Rose '' neon sign . she run she finger down he profile , they laugh together . ally ' Cause my world keep turnin’ and turnin’ and turnin 's and I be not movin 's on , do not want to feel another touch , do not want to start another fire , do not want to know another kiss , no other name fall off my lip , do not want to give my heart away , to another stranger , or let another day begin , wo not even let the sunlight in , no , I will never love , I do not wanna know this feel unless it 's you and I , I do not wanna waste a moment , hoooo ouuu , and I do not wanna give somebody else the better part of I , I would rather wait for you , hoooo ouuu , do not want to feel another touch , do not want to start another fire , do not want to know another kiss , baby , unless they be you lip . 's hard CUT to : 137 . flashback - int . jack house - SUN room - day Jack at the piano , ally watch he play . jack ( sing ) ' do not want to give my heart away to another stranger , do not let another day begin , wo not let the sunlight in , oh , I will never love again . 's she get up and walk up from behind , place she arm around he , hold he . they head touch and let the final chord slowly ring out . CUT back to : the shrine ( present ) ally look up and then straight toward we , the audience ... and a star be bear . fade out . the end this script be prepare by warner bros . picture script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632