a thousand acre screenplay by Laura Jones base on the novel by Jane smiley third draft June 1996 SCE rene ec err ree es oq . ginny ( vo ) every story when we be child reveal a lesson , a sweep of fertile farmland , so immense that we question if it be not infinite , lie undeniably flat under its dome of sky in dawn 's early light . we move to take in the figure of a man work in a field : a large man in he seventies . larry cook work at he early morning chore as naturally as a fish swim in water , in he element . ginny ( vo cont ) '' work hard '' ; '' respect you elder '' ; '' do not tell you neighbour you business '' ; '' luck be something you make for yourself '' . each acre ginny ( vo cont ) be something to covet , the same dawn light show ginny cook as she come into a large , old spic - and - span , four-square kitchen . she do she chore as naturally as she father do he : take she apron from behind door , tie it on , and start daddy 's breakfast : ginny ( vo cont ) something hard to get , and that you could not get enough of . the soil be the treasure , thicker , richer than any soil anywhere . a farm , uv we walk with Ginny down between two tall shelf of library book ginny ( vo cont ) be full of poison . arsenic in old rat - poison , kerosene and diesel fuel , paint thin , atrazine , insecticide ... her hand along spine . she stop , skim shelf , hunker down and pull out a book , the title page only glimpse : poisonous common plant . page turn : we briefly glimpse botanical illustration : ginny ( vo cont ) .-mistletoe ...horse-nettle ... English ivy ... in a secluded dip , where the Scenic River spread out into a little marsh : under willow and silver maple , amongst a rich tangle of marsh plant and river grasses : Ginny 's hand , in yellow dish - wash glove , pull on a tall erect plant : ginny ( vo cont ) ..and the most poisonous of all ... tt come up , satisfyingly whole , by the root . Ginny disappear from the river bank , leave it in perfect peace of goldeny late - afternoon light . ginny ( vo ) [ have to admit , I relish the secrecy of it . dawns early light . Ginny pick two heavy , cool cabbage . she stand , one hold in either hand . briefly , we see various stage : a fork hold down the hemlock root on a piece of paper , a pare knife mincing the root . mince root tip from paper into bowl of pork - liver and onion and herb . sausage casing , fill with the poison liver , be tie every six inch , thick as a man 's thumb . preserve jar , of sausage pack in cabbage and brine , lift into sterilizing pan on stove . farm bounty : on the kitchen table , glow yellow of peach , green of pickle , red of tomato . amongst they , the jar of poison sausage . ginny ( vo ) . since then , I have often think that I '' be not myself '' , be '' out of my mind '' , but at the time , it do , it feel like the '' real '' I '. ginny ( vo ) a few month earlier , it would have be unthinkable . Light of spring day in Rose 's kitchen , as Rose ladle swiss steak into serve dish . she wear a loose shirt but , if we care to notice , she have not yet put the prosthetic into she bra . ginny ( vo ) I have go over every moment of that time , briefly , in bathroom , we see Rose pick up she prosthetic and tuck it into she bra : cont I rr 5 '' 8 cont ~ ginny ( vo cont ) over and over again , Rose , now in a dress and carry the casserole dish , come out of she house . directly opposite , over the road be daddy 's big house . they be the only two house visible in the vast landscape , except for Ginny 's house , further up the road , a toy house from here . ginny ( vo ) look for way of know how to do thing differently from the way they get do . = ) Rose into Ginny 's car . the easy intimacy of sister : rose swiss steak for the prodigal son . ginny you look good . rose nothing like a scandal to 's make I feel better . ginny scandal ? rose what would you call it ? who else but jess Clark have ever leave here without a word , disappear off the face of the earth , and then pop up out of the blue thirteen year later ? . the only sign of the car be its distant disappear plume of dirt , leave the i} enormous , silent sweep of land , as we pull up , away , take the measure on ws this kingdom of a thousand acre . a x ll 10 . we move through a crowd , of all age , around harold Clark 's farmhouse , where most of the district be gather to welcome back jess Clark , although many will not quickly lose they suspicion of he : why he go , why he 's return . a pig roasting . a knot of admire man , mostly farmer . around a brand - new , enclose , air - condition International harvester tractor include jess clark , he brother loren , local banker marv carson , and a farmer bob stanley : marv you dad can not wait to see Larry cook 's face when he see this . jess be that two still at it ? at the same time , eileen dahl , a woman in she mid-thirty , have come up . to jess , almost flirtatious : . : eileen Weil , look at you , jess Clark . none of we know what to expect . eileen dahi , do not you remember ? I be hurt . at the same time , loren entertain the group : loren I notice jess wait till dad and I bust we butt finish up plant before he stage he resurrection . laughter as : bob you bring any family with you , jess ? jess no , Bob . no wife , no kid . harold clark , second in importance to Larry cook in the district hierarchy , have join the group : loren lot of good look girl out West . cont du cont harold and no plan to go back , neither . and harold 's arm go around jess 's shoulder for a brief embrace . but jess 's gaze have go out of the group to : Ginny and Rose , carry they casserole dish , walk through the crowd , side by side . Rose see jess leave the group around the tractor , come towards they : rose hunh . look at that . Ginny follow she look . jess , who look like nobody else here : a envoy from the outside world , dangerous yet familiar . they two casserole go down , side by side , on the big trestle table . jess hey , it 's the big girl . he hug Ginny , then Rose . rose hey , it 's the pest . jess caroline like I . do she come ? ginny caroline 's down in Des Moines now , jess , she 's a lawyer . she 's get marry in the fall , to another lawyer , she 's ... Ginny stop , conscious of sounding serious , dull . jess caroline , marry ? rose she 's not a baby , jess . accord to daddy , it 's almost too late to breed she . you know , sow and heifer and empty chamber ? it 's a whole theoretical system . cont cont jess he 's still like that ? rose you should not think anything 's change just because you have not see it for thirteen year . jess look at Rose , but Rose be never embarrassed . ginny I guess you remember Rose always say what she think . rose and I remember that jess use to like he Mom 's swiss steak . Rose lift lid on she dish . jess look in : . jess I have not eat meat in seven year . rose and you have come back ? there 's eileen dahl , Ginny . I have to go say hello . you will starve to death around here . instead of watch Rose leave , jess lift the lid on Ginny 's dish : cheese garbanzo enchilada . jess I guess I will not . Ginny can not help feel pleased that she get it right : jess will eat the food she make . ginny here 's caroline now . they look over to see caroline , ty and pete get out of daddy 's car , with the two girl , pammy and linda . Ginny and jess walk through the crowd towards daddy 's car , as : ginny and my husband ty , you remember ty? and Pete , Rose 's husband . ~ lo with 11 . oo cont jess the girl ? your ? ginny Rose 's . they be home for the weekend , they go to board school down in West branch . jess and you kid ? daddy now out of the car : ginny we do not have any . and there 's daddy , of course . as daddy see jess and Ginny come towards he , he lower he head for a moment like a old bull as he eye jess . then he straighten and give anod . of recognition : he version of a greeting to this wayward son . as daddy move into the party , be greet on all side , it be clear he be king of the district : ginny ( vo ) when I be little I think it right that we own the great circle of land spread out from the intersection at cabot Road . briefly , we see - from eight year old Ginny 's point of view - part of the 360 degree view of the thrillingly flat landscape as she turn , at the heart of the kingdom , take it in : ginny ( vo cont ) a thousand acre . daddy be the biggest farmer on the biggest farm in the district . it be that simple . 12 . almost dusk now in harold Clark 's yard . a few little child impromptu dance as someone play a harmonica . the party thinning out . goodby as people continue to leave . in the fade light , a small group sit on harold 's back porch : daddy hold court in the centre with ty and Pete , caroline and Rose in semi-circle around he . daddy - and when price be up , people always act like they be go to live forever - a group of girl , include pammy and Linda , be place they hand on the long . hair of a seat girl , in charge silence . Ginny , move around pick up use plate and fork , pass the girl , then notice the little group on the back porch : Rose , tume , look for Ginny . caroline smile , wave Ginny over . Ginny go to the porch step , to hear : daddy so there you have it . that 's the plan . ginny what plan , daddy ? daddy glance down at Ginny , then at caroline and , keep he eye on caroline : daddy we be go to form a corporation , and you girl be all go to have share . now he look at Ginny , who come up on to the porch , perplex by this plan : do the sun go round the earth ? daddy you girl and ty and Pete and Frank be go to run the show . you 's will each have a third . he look around at he little court , expansive : . > 4 12 13 . - 10 - cont daddy well ? what do you say ? he slowly look in turn at each of he daughter . and one by one : ginny it 's a good idea , daddy . rose it 's a great idea . caroline I do not know . daddy turn to look fully at caroline next to he : slow and startle , a big movement of he whole body . . caroline look away , out to the darken horizon , mute , stubborn . daddy stand : daddy you do not want it , my girl , you be out . simple as that . daddy leave the circle , lumber past Ginny and down the porch step , into the thicken dusk . daddy , he empty house silent behind he , stand at he big live room window . he stare out , full of hurt resentment , across the road to : Rose 's house : a few light window . as a downstairs light go off : caroline 's hand leave the light -switch , the room light only by a lamp beside the sofa . sound from upstairs of pammy practise she flute , Pete and Linda move around , they voice , Pete 's wordless sing briefly to the flute . ~ anne fe een 15 . cont Rose come through the room on she way ugstair as caroline get into bed make up on sofa . rose sleep here 's only go to make daddy madder . caroline daddy change he whole life overnight ? rose take it while it 's on offer . but caroline set she mouth . rose do you remember - I be just remember - before mommy die , . you be about five I guess and you . say '' when I grow up I be not go to be a farm wife '' , and mommy be cooking and she laugh and ask you what you be go to be and you say '' a farmer '' . caroline I do not remember mommy , you know that . Rose laugh at caroline 's self - righteous tone . caroline turn off the lamp . Rose 's voice dry in the dark : rose sweet dream . Ginny and ty get ready for bed , move between bedroom and bathroom : at time together , or pass each other , or talk from room to room . intimate but not particularly sexual . ty mild , without rancour : ty caroline do not need to get on she high horse . cont do ginny she just say she do not know . ty and she say it like she do know , the way she always do . Ginny enjoy ty 's hopeful enthusiasm for he dream-about - to- come-true . ty I can not believe it . who would have ever think Larry have do something like this ? that slurrystore , Ginny , if this all happen , I would like one of that . and a hog confinement building . Air condition . I want one of they , too . and let 's see , how about a couple of champion boar , breeding so pure they can sit up to dinner with you and not . spill a drop on the cloth . sweet old pink boy name rockerfeller and vanderbilt . ty now lie on the bed , he strong arm up behind he head , sunburn line clear on upper arm and neck : ty this be it , Ginny , this be where we stop work for you dad and start work for ourselves . it will be we place , we way of do thing . Ginny in the bathroom , run water , clean tooth , half - hear ty 's voice from the bedroom : ty ( os ) we get a good breeding line go and we can put that baby up for adoption . we can say '' okay Jake , but you get to feed he with you own spoon and let he sleep on you side of the bed '' . Ginny , now in nightgown , lean into window - seat and open the window wider . ty now asleep on bed under old quilt . Ginny sit in window - seat , look out , down to : Rose 's house , daddy 's house , both now dark . the pearly peace of moonlight . cont ~~ - po 22 2 re a o cont kingdom : 16 . altar - 13 - she feel the spring breeze : soughing like water in the pine-break . sound of hog clanking they feeder in the barn . as she look out over the peaceful larger-than-life Christ - illuminate by a ray of light from the sky , praying ina big landscape - paint with naive boldness , dominate the church behind the Ginny and caroline almost the last to leave after Sunday service . Ginny have set herself the task of reconciliation . ginny come along , come out and give he a kiss and a hug and just say : '' sorry , daddy '' . you can do that . caroline it 's too late . [ already spend the night at Rose 's . ginny ignore that . caroline he will not . ginny if he mention it , say '' I be afraid you be mad at I , daddy '' . caroline thate that little girl stuff . Ginny make herself wheedle : ginny just this once . * Ginny conscious suddenly that she foot be apart , that she be lean over caroline . she try to relax . caroline Il try , okay ? rant 7 - 14 - cont caroline take Ginny 's arm and turn she to walk down the aisle . with caroline 's arm in hers , Ginny suddenly feel hopeful , that she task have be well do . stack of papers with little red marker staggered down they page , lie in neat fan on daddy 's dark dining room table . jess appear in the doorway , glance in at the legal papers , then out through the window to : Far out in the field , we see a little concourse of car and pick-up . Ginny , still in she church clothes , prepare coffee in daddy 's kitchen . jess appear silently behind she . unconscious of he , she turn to the table with a stack of cup . startle , very close , almost face to face , she bump into he . he grip she . upper arm to give she balance . she rescue the cup . his face be familiar and exotic at the same time , friendly and interested , but strange , promise knowledge . ginny where do you spring from ? jess ( over ) hey , I do not mean to scare you . he let go she arm and , unsettle by the sudden intimacy , she continue to prepare coffee : ginny so why do you come back , after all this time ? . jess you want to know my secret , huh ? aane 18 19 . st - 15 - cont jess look at Ginny until she feel herself blush , then he smile . jess harold act like I have be in prison or something . he have not even ask I what I have be do . all he care be , I be back . and loren just say , '' you buy any land out there ? '' and when [ say I do not , he say , '' huh , too bad '' . rattle of gravel outside as car drive up . Ginny look out of window : sound of car door slamm , man 's voice . jess stand behind Ginny , gently squeeze the back of she neck : jess it 's go to be fine . Ginny surprised to feel he hand , to hear he word , answer g she anxious , hopeful thought . pammy and Linda take around plate of cake to everyone gather in daddy 's live room . ty and Ginny , Rose and Pete , jess , daddy . the two witness : harold and loren . marv carson from the bank and they lawyer ken LA salle . only caroline be miss . smile , laughter , the word '' hog operation '' like a incantation . Rose pause , low to Ginny , in pass : rose can you believe this ? ginny where 's caroline ? rose over at we place , take the high ground . Ginny 's spirit lift with daddy 's high -spirite good mood , as he arm go around ty : oe wig mis rag mean sae cae I they ee ms ( lu '' 19 20 . 21 . - 16 - cont daddy I will be sit here watch other people do the work . daddy downs he coffee . daddy okay , Kenny , let 's go to it . now 's the time . let 's do the deed . but Ken La salle be look out through the front screen- door . ken just a moment , Larry . Ginny also look out the door , to see : caroline crossing the road from Rose 's house . , = Ginny give up she last reservation , feel confidence take over . Ginny , smile , go to the door . caroline step up on to the porch , but daddy step around Ginny , take the front door in he hand and slam it shut in caroline 's face . ° caroline blink at slam front door : all she stubbornness return in a flood of anger . - e daddy whirl back to the room , a hand on Ken 's arm : daddy now ! and he lead the way with Ken into the dining room and the wait legal papers , follow by he retinue . caroline , in she red Honda , drive along the road through the field . a plume of dirt cloud up behind she , as she leave the kingdom . 24 . lo - 17 - Ginny , in doctor 's surgery , watch : the doctor , a cancer specialist , testing Rose 's arm for improvement in strength and movement . Rose sit , she back to we , while he move she arm into various position , feel the muscle strength of pectoral and upper arm . he be pleased with she progress . Rose 's x-ray , light , on wall behind he . rose T still feel lop-side . doctor you will for a while , Rose , that 's par for the course . rose maybe I should have the other one off , for symmetry . Rose stand , face to wall , stretch she ' good 's arm up to a marker on the wall . attempt to reach the same marker with she ' bad 's arm : almost there . doctor ( os ) that 's very good , much better . go to the top of the class . Rose 's face , pleased , as she turn : Rose transformed : we almost see the strength flow into she as she and Ginny walk through the shadowy entrance lobby of the doctor 's old mason City building : rose I want to go shopping , I want to buy thing , I want to do stuff I have stop myself do . you know , mommy die of exactly this same thing , I think I do not have a chance . I think it have get I , for sure . I know it 's only the three - month check , and there 's the six - month and the one - year and blah , blah , but I believe he , Ginny . I be go to be okay ! as they go out into the bright day and city noise of the crowded sidewalk : e ~ i 26 . - 27 . lo & Rose do not know which way to go , as people move around they : rose [ want to buy clothes , I want to eat out , T want - I want - Ginny laugh , as Rose search for what she want : ginny what ? rose : I want to do something that will shock : daddy . ginny well , that 's easy . Rose laugh , take Ginny 's arm , and they become part of the crowd . . Rose quickly flick down rack of top in fashionable clothes - shop . she already hold two top . she pull out a third , hold it up against herself , turn to Ginny and vamp . ' reflected in the change - room mirror : Rose 's back , as she pull on a top . she turn to the mirror , she face change from anticipation to distress . her hand flutter up to the miss muscle and breast . but she continue to look at herself , take in the full measure of what she can and can not do . then she turn away from the mirror , as : daddy sit bolt upright in he la-z - Boy recliner , stare out of he big window . he see : Ginny 's car stop outside Rose 's house . Rose get out , go into she house , as Ginny drive off . then Ginny an car appear again , stop , Ginny look up at he . e Ginny , in car , stare up at daddy in window . he do not move , even blink . he could be dead . cont - 19 - \_ / 28 ~~ cont dumped beside daddy 's driveway be a full set of new , oak kitchen cabinet , a sink and a length of baby - blue laminate countertop . Ginny look at this bizarre sight . then back up to daddy who have not move . 29 . daddy in he la-z - Boy . Ginny come into room behind he . daddy what 's the matter ? ginny nothing . daddy : you drive by and then you drive back . . ginny I drive back to see what you be do . wv daddy I be read a magazine . Ginny look around : no magazine near he chair or on the table beside he . daddy I be look out the window . ginny that 's fine . daddy you bet it 's fine . ginny what 's all that stuff out front ? daddy do not answer . . ginny on you have get a perfectly good kitchen J already , daddy . still no answer : ginny do you want ty to bring it in ? ~ aaa soa i ene weeergursocsese - 20 - daddy you leave it there . ginny they 's be solid oak , daddy . they will warp . daddy I say , leave it . daddy shift in he chair . Ginny follow he gaze . Far off to the west a tractor move back and forth . in the silence , the tractor 's faintest buzz carry to they . Ginny 's eye catch by jess , in run gear , pass by on the road below the | house . daddy 's focus do not shift : : . . daddy why 's he cultivate that field ? they do plant the bean ? ginny '' almost , I think . as the distant tractor crawl from one side of the big window to the other , daddy 's look follow it like the barrel of a rifle . ginny daddy ? come up to we place for supper . you can ask ty then . daddy 's face redden , stare . ginny daddy ? daddy.do not glance at Ginny or respond . Ginny be nervous , impatient to leave , as if there be something here to flee . ginny daddy ? you want anything before I leave ? Ginny cross the room , pause at the kitchen door . + 29 30 . 31 . 32 . 33. -21 - cont ginny I be leave . she look across to : the unyield back of daddy 's head . Rose pick up the phone , start to dial . even light . Ginny on phone : . ginny be he still at it ? Rose on phone : rose he be there when I go to cabot for bread and there when I get back . and what 's all that stuff in he driveway ? Ginny on phone , listen : ginny ( vo ) thad to smile in late afternoon light , Rose stand beside she car - driver 's door open - fist on hip , stare up at daddy frame in he big window , he stare roaring down to meet hers , neither acknowledge the other : cont , m wa 36 . ginny ( vo cont ) at the think of she stop the car and watch he . they be two of a kind , that be for sure . _ Rose on phone : rose perfect that death 's -head stare will be he lifework from now on , so we have better get use to it . early morning and Ginny be put in tomato plant : a ritualize procedure . she be on she twentieth plant . she be show jess - hunkere down beside she in run gear - the method she use . as she spread sheet of the Des Moines Register around the tin can protect the plant : ginny - and then the newspaper , like this , about four sheet . and then grass - cutting over that , half - decaye be best , just spread like this . and that 's it . jess you should get ty to farm like that . Ginny laugh , push she hair back , wipe she forehead with she sleeve : ginny on a thousand acre ? jess sit back on the grass and watch for a second as Ginny start on the next plant : jess I want you to tell I something else . Ginny turn at he change of tone : cont ws cont jess about my mother . all harold 's tell I be , it be cancer . but not how it be , how she be . go on piant , it 's easier . as Ginny plant : ginny well , jess , all you mother talk about at the end be you . accord to loren , she be convinced that at the last moment you would come back . jess no one tell I anything . ginny they do not know where you be , how could they ? Ginny plant , but jess be silent . then Ginny turn and see a terrible look on jess 's face , of pain and anger . she go to he as he stand : 8 jess oh , Jesus . ginny jess ? be you okay ? Ginny feel she have never see such a marvellously expressive face . she be draw intimately into he willingness to reveal he pain and anger to she . jess I write to she twice in that first year . she know where I be . Ginny dismay , but want to defend jess 's mother : ginny she be in pain , and so sad , she - jess interrupt she , stare she down . jess no , Ginny . ' con 36 37 . 37a -24 - cont then softly , as if tell a secret : jess can you believe how they have fuck we over ? maybe to you it look like I just vanish , but I be out there . she could have tell I . of course she be sad , but why do not she give I a chance ? why keep that from I ? to punish I ? ginny I do not know , jess . and Ginny be shake and afraid . as she turn back to plant and take out the next plant , she hand be shaking and she snap the stem in half . the only constant in the follow sequence of ' good time 's be Ginny 's house . clothes change , as do the time of late day or night , and over a couple of week the weather become hotter . Rose 's hand , make into fist , hold out , knuckle up . jess 's finger tap one fist . Rose 's fist turn and open out to show , hold in she palm , a little metal horseman . briefly , we be in the middle of a animated game of Monopoly : coloured play - money change hand , score keep , metal motorbike , horseman , shoe and so on move around the board , dice shake and roll . Pete a aggressive strategist who play to win . Rose , Ginny and ty play like farmer , guard they back . jess , like Pete , look for the payoff not the pitfall . . pammy and Linda lie head - to - toe on the sofa . Linda asleep , pammy read one of Ginny 's old girlhood book . : in one of that lull where play i be suspend and talk take over , jess be tell a story : cont cy 37a a il cont jess .. then , in the middle of the night , the door open , they come in - rose all of they ? jess yup , all four of they . they wake I up , they have this flashlight , shine they in my eye , and they hold I down and ... shave off my beard and all my hair . whoops , laughter . jess ( cont ) I have never figure out why they do not turn on the light . the next day I hitch a lift into Vancouver and when I get out , Rose watch jess lean over and touch Ginny 's arm : jess - ( cont ) the guy lean across to I and whisper '' I hope you chemotherapy 's a success '' . laughter , as jess , realise , look at Rose : jess ~ Rose , I be sorry . rose do not be . I do not have chemo . I have it lopped off . I do not have - ty duck he head , embarrassed , count he Monopoly money as : . ( over ) he do not want to know , Rose . jess it 's okay . cont -26 - '' '' 37a cont rose I get to keep the other one . now I - - Pete , angry with Rose , and want to regain the good mood , launch into : 's pete ( over ) tell you my weirdest experience , hitching . back in my bad - boy day - rose '' back in '' ? pete ( over ) - luse to hitch most week between davenport and muscatine , to rehearse with my band , and - . '' : jess wy you have 'a band ? what would you play ? pete ( mime briefly ) 's guitar , acoustic . : , rose ( over ) he be good . pete anyway , this night I get a lift with a guy and he wife ( drive a vw van ) - the group settles back into cameraderie . * 370 another night , the sound of Ginny and Rose in the kitchen , as the man talk around the Monopoly table , enjoy each other 's company , overlap talk . , Pete be play chord on Linda 's ukelelee , with a occasional wordless sung i riff , Linda bend over she father from behind he as he sit on the sofa . ~ pammy carry around a bowl of freshly - pop corn : ty organic farmie ? rane — _ X | | | | ( _ ) 3 % 37¢° -27 - cont jess hey , you make it sound like I offer to shoot you dog . pete you serious about stick around ? ty harold and organic farming ? jess I do not know . he listen . I could maybe start with a acre or two . ty you could farm my father 's land . I have get Michael rakosi rent it now , but he 's look to buy for himself . if you be serious . . jess you land 's probably have the shit work out of it . ty offended by jess 's joke agressiveness . ty it 's good land . he like clean field , be all . jess smile , realise ty be offended . the same night . Ginny and Rose make coffee in the kitchen . sound of man 's voice from the live room , of Pete play the ukelelee , of the girl : ginny it 's a long time since I realise what fun Pete be . rose put another spoon in . ginny it 's too strong . cont cy ) 37c = cont 37d " 38 . L 39 . rose no , it 's not . it 's be a long time since he 's be fun . or have fun , actually . ° twilight . heat . a impromptu baseball game in a field of long grass behind Ginny 's house . voice call , cheer , barrack , as we see a brief moment of the game . daddy , out the back of he house , stare up at the distant activity in the field behind Ginny 's house . his burden of resentment grow daily , and the shaut and laughter of the baseball game carry to he on the still air , help to fuel it . he move he head in a odd gesture , as if try to free it from a too-tight collar . as he turn to go back inside : caroline , in the apartment she share with Frank in Des Moines , on the phone , wait for it to be answer . Morning light . caroline daddy ? daddy hang up phone . caroline dialling again . listen to ringing . no answer . stubborn , she wait . mar ae go ae 43. -29 - daddy move away from ringing phone . he pick up a farming magazine and sit in he la-z - Boy and open the magazine . the phone do not stop ringing . a blaze hot , windy day at Pike swim pool . Pool crowded with body , include pammy and Linda in and out of the shallow end . in the crowd around the pool , lie and sit on towel , with the hot wind whipping and flick at magazine , towel , hat , mary livingstone , a woman in she early seventies , have lower herself down next to Ginny : mary how 's you dad , Ginny ? Ginny feel Mary 's look be unusually pierce : ginny._. , . he 's fine , thanks Mary . mary we might not see you before we go down to Florida . dad be not much for go around and say goodbye and I be not either . ginny I be sure we will see ( you before ) - mary I want to tell you something , Ginny . Ginny halt by Mary 's tone . mary this thing with Rose remind I . you girl be about they ( she nod across to pammy and Linda ) age when you mom be sick . she be so afraid she would die . Ginny do not know what to say . mary I tell she I would help . '' ginny pardon I ? ane wo - esse ae wast rie tsk a the em ce ssp qcnnmemanenmmonrn mse yw they rs ~ -30 - mary | she be not afraid for herself . she have true faith . she be afraid for you . for the life you would live after she die . pammy and Linda have come , drip , up to Ginny , to ask for money for popsicle . Ginny give it to they and they run off . mary she know what you father be like , even though I think she love he . a long silence . Ginny watch the life of the pool : its clarity and ordinariness , as Mary 's gaze move across Ginny 's face . mary Lord , Ginny , I should not have bring | this up . but I promise you mom , and ~ oo then Jimmy have he accident , and , well , I : let it go . she want you to have more : ! '' choice . : ginny I do not know that I would have have a different life if mom have live . daddy do not make I marry ty. I want to . | mary there be another thing , too - '' ginny . what 's that ? they gaze lock . mary oh. nothing , really . Ginny disconcert . ginny Rose go to college . she have the choice Mom want , and she choose the farm . caroline choose the city , and she 's be everywhere now , New York , Washington . so , in a way , Mom get what she want . cant mary maybe so , dear . she be most worried about you . she use to say , '' Ginny will not stand up to he '' , but if you be happy , then it 's all work out . [ will say one thing , and that be that you be a good girl , Ginny , and unselfish , and you will be reward . Rose leave Pete , ty and jess gather around the bbq in Ginny 's backyard . sound of the man 's voice , laughter . a warm evening wind in the late dusky light . Rose crossing to : pammy and Linda , in swim costume , wash they hair under Ginny 's outside tap . Ginny shampooing pammy 's hair , while Linda rinse hers , . squatting under the water . cold water , laughter . ginny be not it you turn to have daddy for dinner ? rose talready feed he . sound of phone ringing from inside house . shadows from a plane tree flicker , in hot late - afternoon wind , across caroline 's windscreen . she be in she car park under tree in Pike 's Main Street , talk on she mobile phone : caroline be daddy okay ? ( pause ) no , I be here , in pike. ( pause ) you never call I , Ginny . why do not you call ? ( beat ) for six week ? e Ginny on she kitchen phone . sound of voice call and laughter from outside . the girl run through the kitchen , hair drip water , giggle , as ty call out to Ginny from outside . cont wee cb ll se re te areer a co ) 46 ( on 47 . -32 - ginny it 's a madhouse here , caroline , I can not - ( pause ) no , you come out here - ( pause ) I - ( beat ) okay , alright . e caroline and Ginny walk on the bank of the Scenic River , which we recognise from scene 3 . they find a shady spot , but even here the wind be hot , the evening light glaring beyond the shadowy tree . caroline do you know where daddy be yesterday ? ginny no , why ? caroline he be in Des Moines - ginny he never go to Des Moines . caroline well , he do . he come to my office . T be not there , I be in New York . they say he be act weird . ginny weird , how ? caroline gawk at everyone , throw he head around in a weird kind of way , I do not know . ginny he would probably be to a bar and then , you know , down there in a strange place , he - caroline he be drink and drive ? ginny sound like it . cont 19g pp a tee a ee MI sr sa -33 - C ) 47 cont ~ caroline you can not let he do that . ginny I can not stop he . caroline take away he key . Ginny laugh . caroline it 's not funny . ginny the idea of we take away he key be funny . anyway , what 's he suppose to do all day ? caroline why be not he work ? ginny he do not want to work . he 's tired of farming . he 's take the only vacation he know how to take . he do what he want . ll caroline so you and Rose sign the papers ? Ginny puzzle for a second . caroline the corporation papers , the transfer papers . Ginny falter under caroline 's cool exasperation : ginny well , of course we do . we do not have any choice . caroline silent , then she stand and take out she car key : ) caroline I think you do . all I know be , daddy 's lose everything , he 's act crazy , and you do not care enough to do anything about it . what 's happen to you ? ~ cont a / 7 48. 49 . lo cont Ginny be shaking . it feel like a fury , but it also feel like a panic , as if caroline 's criticism be simultaneously just and unjust . before she can say anything , caroline be walk away : ginny caroline ? the sound of caroline 's car door bang , car start and drive off . the kitchen cabinet have take on a look of permanence : the oak weathered , the baby - blue laminex fade in summer heat . the pantry cabinet lie on its back , shelf expose . as pammy and Linda , come across from they house to daddy 's house , approach the cabinet , Linda - as if she usual routine now - run to the pantry cabinet and step on . each shelf , balance as she walk the length of the cabinet . pammy wear sunglass and walk below she sister : the sound of Rose call they , from daddy 's house : '' Girls ! lunch ! '' daddy be not have a good time at he annual Father 's Day lunch . on the white tablecloth in he dining room : a crown pork roast and farm bounty . daddy at the head of the table , pammy and Linda squabbling . Ginny notice daddy 's odd gesture , of lift he head out of the too-tight collar . tension in the air . ginny daddy , what be you do down in Des Moines ? daddy turn he glare on to Ginny . ginny caroline be wonder , that 's all . rose be that where you get that cabinet ? Rose 's eye on Pete , who join the table with yet another beer . : cont - 49 cont ty anxious for the peace to be keep and , like a warning : ty Ginny ? pea ? ginny she be worried about it . daddy do I say I go to Des Moines ? ginny ' no . daddy 's glare do not falter until Ginny drop she gaze and help herself to '' peas , vanquish . ty try for equilibrium : ty hey , this be Larry 's Father 's Day lunch . happy Father 's Day , Larry . led by ty , they all raise they drink , Pete the only one with beer : all . ( together ) happy Father 's Day , Larry , / daddy , / i grandpa . I get a idea for that cabinet out front . daddy mind you own business , Pete . and as they start to eat again : ginny ( vo ) I see that we be fail , all of we , and the hallmark of we failure be the way we eat , head down , shovel the food in , because there be nothing else to do . i , 51 . -36 - that night , Ginny and ty get ready for bed . ty have unroll the. architectural blueprint for the new farm building out on the bed , hold down with a couple of magazine . as he undress , he lean over they , glance at the plan as he advise Ginny : ty you have to handle you father better , Ginny . you do not always have to take issue . you should just let thing slide , you and Rose , just let they blow over . you do not give Larry he due . ginny you know , that 's funny , I do this afternoon . after that awful lunch , I do not know why , but I remember when I be about eight , I guess and harold have . a accident with he truck . . daddy take I with he and harold . be on the ground , under the truck . the * back wheel be on top of he , sort of - '' cut he in half . I be frighten , I remember scream , but daddy do not get angry with I , for once . he take a board out of harold 's truck a board laid down in oozy mud , by a partly - see young daddy . Ginny , eight , be hand a whiskey bottle . one foot step on to the board , then the other , and she be make she careful way on the board across the mud to harold under the truck . we can frighteningly see only harold 's workboot and leg as if he have be cut in half . ginny ( vo cont ) and laid it down . he set I on one end of it and put a whiskey : bottle in my hand and tell I to tiptoe over to harold and give he something to drink . daddy and some other farmer pull harold 's truck off he , paren oe enn 29 -37 - 52 . | Ginny and ty now in bed , lie side by side , close down they length : | ginny ( cont ) but | feel the real moment be mine , you know ? hear daddy say , '' that 's a girl . just a way longer . good girl . that 's a good girl . '' - ty put a arm out for Ginny to lie on he shoulder , and as she turn to he : ty well , you be a good girl . ginny mostly . _ ) 53 . a the day begin to lighten . Ginny walk down the road towards daddy 's house . daddy stand at he big front window , look out at she . Ginny sense he look , but will not look up . the weather - affect kitchen cabinet , beside the driveway , have take on the look of a natural formation , of permanence . 54 , daddy be in the kitchen , accuse , as Ginny open the door : daddy it 's bright day . ginny thad a few thing to do . daddy at six o'clock in the morning ? ginny - I pick up the house a little . daddy grunt . ginny SW / 34 or a 56 . ~38 - cont he back away from the door . Ginny take apron from behind door , tie it on . daddy there 's no egg . ginny darn . I buy some for you yesterday , but I forget they . Ginny look daddy squarely in the eye . her choice : to keep he wait , or fail to give he he egg . daddy 's gaze flat , brassily reflective , a test of will . Ginny smile foolishly : ginny I will be right back . . . Ginny run out the door . Ginny , in apron , run up the road , take daddy 's test . she be conscious of daddy watch she from behind , from he big window . ginny ( vo ) it seem like my father could just look out of he window and see I naked . Ginny conscious of she body : graceless and hurry , panting , ridiculous in its very femininity . in the vast flatness of the land , there be only a few , almost imperceptible rise and fall . in one of they : a shallow gully , in the hot shade of aspen and honey locust , behind a wild rise thicket , be a little dump . plant grow thickly around and through a assortment of junk : a rusted - out auto chassis , a few steel drum , a bedstead , drib and drab of discard rubbish , a truck bed with break - back vinyl seat . ~ - cant sgt ee ee a oes enn at rr re RI EI — ----s + -39 - a j '' 36 cont we discover Ginny and jess , in a mood of dare privacy , have walk here in mid-day heat . jess swishes with stick amongst plant : jess know what this be ? ginny ... pea -flower ? no , they be on longer 's stalk . jess prairie indigo . Poisonous . ginny what be this ? , Ginny touch a plant with purple- pink flower , wait . jess . I know this . locoweed ? ginny yup . jess and you be makin out like you do not know nothin . Ginny and jess both smile , grin , though the brightness of they grin do not seem in keep with they talk , it be in keep with the mood of sexual tension . Ginny , afraid , climb into the truck bed , sit on shabby seat . her breathe difficult . over the wild rose she can see the distant green of she roof . faint breeze carry the sound of a tractor start up . jess who 's you father 's favourite child ? ginny caroline . who 's harold 's favourite ? / jess '' me. ginny even now ? ~ ~o 36 ~ cont on jess yep . ginny but he and loren be like twin . they see eye to eye about everything . jess not really . harold 's always accuse he of try to take over . ginny that 's new . jess it 's you guy . I know you do not initiate the transfer , and I think harold know it , but people be get suspicious and wonder how you and Rose get Larry to give - you the place , when the whole thing be drive he crazy - Ginny have jump down from the truck seat : Ginny 's hope rise at this think . ginny what be people say ? ' jess '' there 's more to that than meet the eye '' . ginny shit. but harold be there . it be at you party . he know how it happen . jess the talk will die down , it always do . that 's not harold 's main problem . ginny what be ? jess that I be here . he want to keep I here . moma eee reet ss -41 - ginny do he ? jess the thing be harold love I . he love I like a lover . I have be go so long that he 's not use to I any more , and he want to win I , and he think he can win I with the farm , even though he know I would not farm the way he do . harold want to fix I right here in Zebulon County . Ginny laugh at the horror in jess 's voice : ginny be that so bad ? . jess ' when I think of myself ten year down : the road , I wonder if it / will be loren and I , the Clark brother , frick and frack , ginny we be here . jess yes , you be here . you have make you family and you life , and they nre yours . Ginny strike , pierce , by jess 's deep , unselfconscious envy . jess hold Ginny 's _ ° arm and pull she towards he : ginny you have change we . you have come along and just turn thing upside down . as they kiss : e Linda , drape a length of fabric against herself , with pammy , she attendant , hold the bolt of cloth . Rose , wait at the counter of roberta 's fabric and clothing store , idly flick through the Pike Journal weekly . ennt a et a a aa cn \- '' 37 cont roberta I see caroline get marry . Nice photo . Rose be startle , but cover : rose caroli( not ) ? yes . they just have a , a - ceremony that - a small one . roberta that be nice too . linda ( os call over ) Mom ? but Rose have find the photo of caroline and Frank : smile ' out at she . a e ) 38 . Rose 's fury with caroline dominate the Monopoly game . as ty finish he turn : rose ... she do not mention a word of this when she talk to you , do she ? ginny pete we should call she . come on , Rose , let 's play , it 's you turn . rose for what ? this be for we . this be how she 's let we know . pammy and Linda go through to kitchen to make popcorn , as Rose carelessly take she turn , still talk : rose we raise she . we get she away from “y here . / pete I have hear enough about this goddam wedding to last I the rest of my life . - 43 - cont ginny ( over ) I can not believe she would not - ty Ginny , settle down . Ginny blaze a look at ty. then she and Rose lock eye as : ty pete if we all just concentrate on my turn , pass go , collect the game we will have a better two hundred , yeah ! time . rose ( mock sweet ) be not you have a good time , ty ? : ty well , I think if we be go to play , ( we should ) - - Ginny infuriate with ty 's obtuse misread of Rose 's tone : ginny my god , ty ! Ginny 's voice shrill , angry . she see , with shock , jess 's expression of irritation , fleeting but clear . ty settle down . pete take you tum , jess . you be look straight at boardwalk , brother . rose I be tired of this game . Rose calmly pick up the table by the leg and tilt it , dump the board , the play - money , everything in a slide heap onto Pete 's lap , include he drink , which spread in a dark stain over he trousers . Rose go to the kitchen where the girl be pop corn . cont , L cont Pete follow she into the kitchen . the girl watchful , as if make themselves invisible in this atmosphere of tension . Rose turn , reflexively crook a arm as if to defend herself : rose Pete , do not . and as Pete reach past she for the dishcloth : pete as if I would . and start to wipe he trousers . and as Rose leave the kitchen : rose well , you have . at the very second Rose step into the live room , as if call to she : . the phone ring . Rose , as if she 's never hear a telephone in she life : rose what 's that ? e in the busy emergency room of mason City hospital : Ginny and ty hurry in . they look around for a moment before Ginny see : daddy sit on a bench against a wall , he face set in stubborn muteness , white gauze dress tape to he cheek and up into he hair . Ginny and ty go to he : ginny daddy ? he will not look at they , continue stare out : at what ? ty dad ? Larry ? you okay ? still without look at they daddy stand and walk out of the emergency room . 61 . ty 's pick - up travel on gravel road through inky dark night field . the headlight open up the road ahead , under the enormous sky . the three of they cocoon in silence , except for the sound of wheel on gravel , until daddy groan . ginny daddy ? have you get that pill the nurse give you ? daddy 's silence be so long it 's as if Ginny have not speak . ty roll he eye , smile at Ginny . his silent message : be patient , endure , hope . but instead , Ginny suddenly spin around to face daddy in the back seat : ginny daddy ! his eye pop open . he lift himself up with a grunt . ty 's head turn to Ginny : ty Ginny . but Ginny ignore ty 's warning . ginny I know you be hurt , and I be sorry you get in a accident , but now 's the time to talk about it . you be go to be in real trouble pretty soon . you have get to take this to heart . you simply can not drive all over creation , especially not when you be drink . they will probably revoke you licence , but even if they do not , I will , if you do it again . I will take away the key to you truck and if you do it after that I will sell it . when I be little you always say that one warning ought to be enough . well , this be you warning . ty very uneasy : this be against all he instinct . as Ginny continue to lecture she father : anne ko 61 62. cont ginny ( vo ) it be time to sit up ! to act ! it be exhilate , talk to my father as if he be my child , lay down the law . I have never talk that way before . Ginny have catch daddy 's gaze and will not let it go : ginny { mean it about the drive , and Rose will back I up . daddy hold Ginny 's gaze for a while , then , in a low voice , as if to himself : daddy I get nothing . another silence as they stare at each other , and Ginny almost falter in the face of he pain . in early morning , Rose cross the road to daddy 's house . Rose with Ginny in daddy 's kitchen where Ginny be clean up after make _ daddy 's breakfast . rose sometimes I hate he . I want he to die , and go to hell , and stay there forever , just roasting . ginny Rose ! rose why do you sound so shocked ? because you be not suppose to wish evil on someone , or because you really do not hate he ? ginny I do not . I really do not . he 's a bear , but - ~ cant a 63 cont -47 - rose he 's not a bear . he 's not innocent like ginny last night I tell he that if he get drunk and drive again I would take the truck key away from he . and I have tell he he have to work . he 's go out with ty this morning . I think thing will improve . he 's but Rose have turn and leave the kitchen . ginny Ginny follow she to : the live room where Rose be automatically make stack of magazine four-square . rose sometimes I hate you , too . ginny rose T hate you because you be the link between I and he . ginny between - ? rose daddy , of course . do not be so stupid . you be such a good daughter , so slow to judge , it 's like stupidity . it drive I Ginny oddly unoffended by Rose 's anger . ginny I be think the exact same thing about ty , last night . he never question daddy . he 's so loyal , it suem sort of anne cont rose ( ignore Ginny ) every time I have make up my mind to do something - get off this place , leave Pete , go back to teach for the money - you stop I . Rose 's hand flutter up , and down , over vanish muscle and breast . ginny anyway , the point be , I have let he get away with a lot of stuff . we all have . but we can set rule , and I think the rule can be pretty simple . Rose have walk to the big front window , stand with she back to Ginny , stare out west across the field . Ginny go to stand beside she . she look at Rose 's face . after quite a while , Rose turn and look at Ginny . rose Ginny , tell I what you really think about daddy . ginny , well , I do not know . I love daddy . but he 's so much in the habit of give order , no back - talk , you know . Rose watch Ginny . ginny I mean , he drink and everything . Rose continue to watch Ginny . ginny I be willing to admit he 's be drink a long time , probably as long as I can remember . but I be sure if we sit down and work it out ... Rose have not take she eye off Ginny . . ginny you be make I nervous . what do you want I to say ? cant a \_ / 63 64 . -49 - cont Rose continue to look at Ginny then turn to look out the window . ginny I mean , mommy have not be around to tell we what to think of daddy . I wonder about whether they be happy . whether she like he . I think different thing . thing like that . Rose clear she throat . Ginny silent . what do Rose want ? rose shit , Ginny . Ginny laugh , relieved . Rose quickly transform herself back into the familiar Rose that Ginny know : purse she lip , roll she eye , seem about to make a joke . but , instead , finally : , rose I do not hate you , Ginny . you know I do not . maybe rule will do the trick . we can try . ginny I can not describe what it be like , to say to he , okay , you have to do this , you can not do that . [ mean , it be so simple . Rose laugh and put she arm around Ginny : a strong grip . = rose United front ? Ginny drive . daddy in the seat next to she . they be pass a farmhouse be bulldoze . Dust billow up around the destruction , the house toppling like stick . daddy stiffly turn to watch : daddy the heartland Corporation get that place for the bottom dollar . he turn back with a grunt of satisfaction : - 50 - ' 64 cont daddy what happen be people do not watch out . they get careless because they be not teach right . as Ginny pull into a parking space in front of the chiropractor in Pike 's Main Street : ginny daddy ? I want you to talk to the chiropractor about exercise . daddy . do not acknowledge this . Ginny open she door to get out : daddy what be you do ? ginny oo ) , I be go down Main Street . it 's too hot _ to sit in the car . daddy you wait . you can window - shop some other time . ginny I will meet you at Pike 's peak Cafe , then . daddy I do not want to walk there in this heat . Ginny determine to keep she pact with Rose , to be strong with daddy . but she be almost breathless with defy he . ginny it 's only a block and a half , daddy . the walk will do you good .. ' daddy you wait . I want to ride . qd Ginny hate the note of plead that creep into she voice : ginny it 's boring to wait , daddy . I do not bring a book or magazine or anything . . 's co ns 66 . '' wa 67 . -51 - cont daddy inspire by the note of plead : daddy you wait . Ginny get back into the car . she watch daddy walk heavily towards the chiropractor . the receptionist open the door for he and he pass through . the receptionist smile at Ginny , give a small wave . Ginny wave in return . she scrunches down in the seat : in she forty and she feel a resentful twelve . in the flicker shade of tall growth around they , Ginny and jess be together on the old pick - up seat at the dump . Ginny 's arm and leg feel stiff and awkward , she skin glaring . as jess unbutton Ginny 's shirt , she do not watch . . . jess alright ? Ginny nod yes . jess sure ? ginny um not very use to this . jess 's look , as he pull back , be cautious , unsmile . Ginny feel humiliate to ask , but also reassure : ginny yes . please . her reward be jess 's smile , as he move back to she . e jess , in run gear , pound the road that pass Ginny 's house . he stop , shading he eye , to watch : the activity of the new construction work : cement- mixer truck , work - crew 's car and pick-up , a knot of man include ty and Pete . anee ~ - - 52 - cont ginny ( vo ) the day before , Ginny with Rose , outside she house , look over Rose 's shoulder . ginny ( vo ) I would think about just this , Rose turn to follow Ginny 's gaze to distant jess . she give the smallest of smile , look back at Ginny . ginny ( vo cont ) and wonder if I would betrayed myself . Ginny shiver , in spite of heat , as she button she shirt after love-make . jess you cold ? it 's only ninety four degree out here . . ginny .. maybe t-terrify ... but Ginny 's shaking be no longer fear , but desire . ginny hold I and keep talk . jess laugh . his word a murmur , half hear , warm and intimate : jess .. well , let 's see ... that farmer near sac City call I back . Morgan boone ... that sound familiar to you ?... and Ginny come and he hold she in a crack embrace . jess hold Ginny away from he , stare at she . she look at he : deeply familiar as if she 's be look at he she whole life . she lie back on he shoulder : ginny what time be it ? 68 cont -53 - jess Three fifteen . ginny T leave the house at one . jess seem a lifetime ago . ginny be that true ? ( she try to sound joke ) you have do this before . jess I have sleep with woman before . I have not do this before . ginny thave not sleep with man . I have sleep with . ty. jess I know , Ginny . I know what that mean . ginny do you ? a little later : they be both finish dress , get ready to leave the privacy of the dump . jess dusting off the back of Ginny 's jeans : jess you be such a nice person . how come you and ty do not have kid ? ginny well , I have have five miscarriage . jess Jesus . oh , Ginny . ginny ty only know about three . he could not stand it after that , so I have sort of keep the fact that I be still try , to myself . kind of like a last chance . '' Ginny look up from put on she shoe to see a harsh look of fear cross jess 's face . her instant corresponding fear : 's 1 ' ' 1 , 1 I 69 . cont ginny what ? jess it 's the fuck water . Ginny do not understand . jess have you have you well - water test for nitrate ? ginny no . jess do not you doctor tell you not to drink the well - water ? Ginny , the fertilizer . runoff drain into the aquifer , and you drink it . ginny but Rose drink ( it ) - jess it do not affect everyone the same . they stare at each other : Ginny see jess 's anger and pity ; he watch as a whole new set of possibility and miss chance and fear settles over Ginny as she absorb he word . across field of late - June corn , the farm construction work be more advanced than we last see it . Dark cloud pile upon the western horizon . a cooi wind , full of rain , after the heat of the day . briefly : row of smooth back of sow in shadowy farrowing shed . the sound of they snuffling and snort , shifting in pen . ty batten down window , make the shed secure against the come storm . ~ 74 . ia cc a a -55 - the last of the light in the sky , as daddy - head - down against the wind - cross the road to Rose 's house . but , instead of go to the door , he get into Pete 's silver truck , back out and drive off . a tv weather reporter with a storm warning , forecast to pass through mason City at midnight . Zebulon County under a tornado watch . but the report be ignore for : Rose and Pete , both in a lather , who have blow in with the girl in tow . ginny pete but he do not have a key . if he wreck my truck , I will kill he . : . rose he do , from last winter , when he truck be in the shop . I can not believe this . linda ty do grandpa steal daddy 's truck ? I will go into cabot , see if he 's there . ( to Pete ) come ? rose he take it without ask . he snuck round . pammy and Linda asleep in Ginny 's spare room upstairs . sound of wind . stronger now . night outside . New York City ballet on tv , the sound off . Ginny watch . Rose stand at the screen door , look out at the night . she see a pair of headlight turn off the road . NY cont the light cross the back wall of the room , then go dark . Rose silent at the door . Ginny continue to watch the ballet . sound of a car door slamm , then another . ty come up to Rose at the front door , look past she : ty * ( low and calm ) Ginny ? come out here , please . Rose push open screen door and Ginny follow she out . ty Larry have some thing to say . they wait for daddy to join they . light on in house behind they and on the front porch , cast a little wash of light out into the darkness . daddy damn right I have . Rose take Ginny 's hand , squeeze it , for solidarity . daddy that 's right , hold hand . ginny why should not we ? anyway , what be we in trouble for ? rose it 's go to storm . why do not I take you home and we can ( talk in the morning ) - daddy I do not want to go home . you girl stick I there . ginny we do not stick you there , daddy . it 's the nicest house . you have live there all you life . scx smomptgenetay on as expanse eo _ fe - 57 - f™ '' ) 75 cont - rose ( wheedle ) let I take you home . ginny ty . ( urging ) let Larry have he say . - go with Rose , then tomorrow - daddy no ! I would rather stay out in the storm than be stick back there . ginny Fine . do what you want . you will anyway . daddy speak like the bitch you be . rose '' , daddy ! but daddy be lean towards Ginny : daddy ( cont ) . you do not have to drive I around any more , or cook the goddam breakfast , or clean the goddam house . or tell I what I can do and what I can not do . you have be creep here and there all you life , make up to this one and that 2 one . just a bitch be all , a dry - up whore bitch . Ginny , transfix , shocked , do not step back . all at the same time : ty put out a protest hand to daddy : '' Larry '' but be bat off . the headlight of Pete 's silver truck sweep over they as Pete turn the corner and pull up . and Rose : rose this be beyond ridiculous . come on , Pete and I will take you home . you can apologise in the morning . cont '' , qo -58 - 73 cont Pete out of he truck , voice flat and distant : pete what 's up ? as : daddy do not you make I out to be crazy . I know you game . it 's you girl make I crazy . I give you everything and I get nothing in return , just some order about do this and be that and see point of view . as Pete join the group : Rose like a fence - post , straight , unmove , arm cross . her voice as deadly serious as ice-pick : rose we do not ask for what you give we . but maybe it 's high time we get some reward for what we give you . you say you know all . about Ginny , well , daddy , I know all about you , and you know I know . this be what we have get to offer , this same life , nothing more , nothing less . if you do not want it , go elsewhere . get someone else to take you in , because I for one have have it . Pete charge up by Rose 's opposition to daddy . ty tear between he interest on both side . but neither man try to stop they : there be a field - force between father and daughter that say '' keep out '' . now daddy look at Ginny . his voice almost conciliatory , as if he can divide and conquer Rose and Ginny : daddy you hear she ? she talk to I almost worse than you do . ginny daddy , if you think this be bad , then you would be amaze at what ' you really deserve . as far as I be concerned , you be on you own . a 76 . -59 - cont Rose look at Ginny , perplex by she unexpected strength , then with vindication : rose you house be down the road , you can get there . I be go inside . Rose and Ginny turn to hurry inside , Pete run up porch step ahead of they , to open the door , urging they into the house , but daddy have move in front of he daughter , between they and the step , as : daddy do not think you can treat I like this , I will throw you whore off the place . I will stop this building . I will get my land back . ( to Ginny ) you will never have child , you have not a hope . ( to Rose ) and you child be go to laugh when you die . from behind daddy , Pete be try to hustle he away , but daddy just bat he off . ty protest : '' Larry , come on , that 's enough '' . Rose pull Ginny around daddy and up the step and the door slam shut . Ginny and Rose very shake . Ginny look out of window to see , briefly : ty and Pete try to urge daddy into Pete 's truck . daddy bat out at they . Pete give up , hurry towards house , as : rose the almighty have speak . tremble yet ? ginny you be shaking , you still be . be that what they call foam at the mouth ? shakily , they both laugh . daddy staggering down the road . ty follow , a little way behind he . lightn . Big crash of thunder . ~ of t 80 . etree earn ener ee ae eti apr cee eh ote ST -60 - Rose at window , see : the whole outside world , even the truck park ten foot away , instantly hide by sheet of water as the storm break . ty into house : soak , water run off he . ty I lose he . ty give Ginny a cool look ; almost , she feel , of hatred . she be dismay : do ty believe daddy ? she get down a dry anorak for ty , a spare one for Pete , as : the light go out . sound of girl call from upstairs : mommy ! mommy ! pete shit ! rose lhope he die in it . lightn show Rose go to stair . Girls scream . rose ( stern ) I be come . no more scream . pete you get any kerosene lamp ? ty peer out of he pick - up , windscreen wiper ineffectual against rain , sheet up spray of water to join the water spraying up from wheel , as he nose along . the headlight useless , lighting only rain . Pete , cocoon in he truck , pull over on side of road , in storm . he reach across to glove - compartment and take out a full quarter - pint of whiskey . as he unscrew the cap : -61 - a , = 81 . Rose 's face seem to gather and reflect the light , cast by kerosene lamp . she and Ginny sit together in little pool of light , the storm blow outside . ginny they will find he . he 's indestructible . Rose look at Ginny , hold she gaze , she voice tight : rose you do not remember how he use to come after we , do you ? ginny I remember the time I lose my shoe . I be remember that ( when ) - rose I do not mean when we get strapped or. spanke . I mean when he go into you room at night . 2 : ginny I do not remember that . rose you be fifteen . you must remember . _ ginny grandpa cook use to prow ! around look at everybody . it be like check hog or something . rose it be not like check the hog with daddy . ginny what be you say ? rose you know . Ginny afraid : a captive of Rose 's stare . rose he be have sex with you . ll cont ginny he be not ! rose I see he go in . he stay for age . Ginny 's voice conciliatory : ginny he be close window or something . rose I check my clock . ginny oh , Rose . how be I go to believe that you wake up all that year ago and see daddy go into my room and . check you clock and then see he come out and check you clock again , and that 's the evidence . Rose 's voice low , penetrate , demand belief : rose it 's true ... a long pause . Ginny stump , dismay . rose T realise that you do not remember , the other day , at daddy 's . Ginny 's frustration with Rose 's insistence : ginny but it do not happen . rose but it do . Rose see that Ginny can not believe she , so she play she trump card : rose that 's the way it happen with I . Rose 's tone so flat , Ginny wonder if she 's hear clearly . cont - ~o - - . ~ : 5 a. 81 cont -63 - ginny what ? rose because after he stop go in to you , he start come in to I , and that 's what he do . we have sex in my bed . ginny when you be thirteen ? rose and fourteen and fifteen and sixteen . ginny I do not believe it ! Rose look at Ginny as if from a long distance : rose : I think you know . [ think all this year you and I share this knowledge , sort of underneath everything else . I think that if after that , you could go along and treat he normally , they way you do , then it be okay to just put it behind we . ginny caroline ? rose I be not sure . I mean , he tell I that if I go along with he , he would not get interested in she . I be afraid he would try something with she , and she be eight , ten . but I be flatter , too . I think he have pick I , I to be he favourite , not you , not she . I think it be okay , that it must be okay if he say it be , since he be the rule-maker . he do not rape I , Ginny . he seduce I . he say it be okay , that it be good to please he , that I be special . he say he love I . cont a '' J 81 cont ginny T can not listen to this . rose we be just he , to do with as he pleased , like the pond or the house or the hog or the crop . caroline be he , too . that 's why | do not know about she . Ginny suddenly think of the girl , glance to stair : ginny and that 's why you keep they away from daddy . rose and why I send they to board school . I keep my eye peel . so _ do Pete . ) . ginny y : Pete know ? rose Pete have kill he , if daddy touch the girl . when they get to the age ( we be ) ginny not '' we '' , you . it do not happen to I . Rose shrug . Ginny suddenly angry , surprising herself : ginny I do not know what to say . this be ridiculous . she start to cry . ginny I mean , I feel idiotic . naive ... so foolish ... be so sorry he do that to you . a Rose calm , almost impassive : / rose do not make I feel sorry for myself . the more piss off ! be , the better I feel . cont 81 82. 83. 85 . cont Rose move to Ginny and put she arm around she sister . Ginny try to stop cry . Rose rock Ginny a little . then , for a second , we hear the sound of loud bang . e in darkness , the sound of loud bang continue . a light come on in the dark hallway of harold Clark 's house as harold - with loren behind he , '' what the heck - ! '' , both in pyjamas - come downstairs . harold open the door to : daddy , so wet it 's as if he 's rise from the ocean . only the sound of heavy rain now the storm have diminish . pammy and Linda asleep together in Ginny 's spare bedroom . Ginny come into room , the light from the hallway show the way . she gently draw up the throw - back cover . smoothes back Linda 's hair from she face . she look down at the sleep girl . how could anyone approach they with ill intent ? Ginny can not imagine it . Rose asleep under the old quilt on Ginny and ty 's bed . Ginny come into the room and creep back into bed beside she sleep sister . the clean curving line of the slurrystore rise next to the old barn . sound of work - crew , machinery . across the yard , harold almost dance from , he truck to Ginny 's back door . Ginny could almost laugh if she be not incense by harold 's glee , he pleasure in trouble , as he come in the back door : harold you have get a problem , girlie . cont ™~ we a sa a ca na a a re I bt - 66 - 86 cont ginny you think so , harold ? harold I know so . he point to coffee pot : harold I will take some of that . ginny I will make fresh . he sit and as she prepare fresh coffee : harold you dad do not want to come home here , he do not want to lay eye on any of the whole pack of you . ginny how long be you go to keep he there ? harold he 's get a right to stay . we have be friend for sixty year and more . ginny tell he to come home and do not encourage he . harold Rose have always be trouble , between you and I . ginny maybe you would better shut up , harold . harold be startle . but Ginny be almost reeling with anger : ginny that 's right , harold . just shut up about - Rose and daddy . Ginny could almost throw something at harold . if the coffee - pot be in reach she would throw it . she hold on to the table . cont ~ Z 86 87 . -67 - cont harold he 's a stubborn man . it do not matter '' what I think or say . he do not like be tell he 's wrong , especially when it be not clear how wrong he be . now , I be go to do you a favour here . ginny what 's that ? harold this be what I be go to do . I be go to take you dad to the church supper , Sunday . and you girl be go to show up there and be sociable . fact be , I think you should work this out . you get you side and Larry 's get he , I know that . harold seek Ginny 's gaze and smile at she . harold 's slow and steady voice affect Ginny , as she settles into , and be calm by , its familiar rhythm : harold ( cont ) I have know you all you life , Ginny . I know you get a side here , and maybe even it 's the right side . but if you work it out you can get past side . that 's | worth something , be not it ? the graveyard and , beyond it , the church and church hall . line of car and '' truck and pick -up park outside while more arrive . sound of voice , car , door slamm , child 's voice , on this fourth of July celebration . Men stand on chair , push the hall window open to they widest . fan blow stream of air around the crowded hall . a big church - make fourth of July banner across the top of the hall . woman carry offering to big trestle - table load with food . smailer table set for lunch . Children move through the hall in they private game . knot of man talk farming . we recognise many of the face from jess 's homecome party . cont cy 88 cont Ginny , carry casserole dish , come into the hall . she stop in she track , startle by the sight of she father . Rose , behind Ginny , almost bump into she . ginny look at he . rose it just go to show you . ginny what ? Rose 's voice bitterly triumphant as she move into hall : rose how much we be do for he . namely everything . although you would . think harold could lend he a comb ty come in past Ginny : ( ginny look at daddy . do he seem different ? ty he look he age , if that 's what you mean . ty 's tone cool , as he move off into hall . another part of the hall : Ginny can not take she eye off daddy . she watch he , in a group of people , he hair uncomb , he clothes unchange since he leave home , he oddly abash - and totally new - manner . as he leave the group : Ginny also move , work she way through the crowd , keep he in sight . she come up behind he : ginny daddy ? daddy turn he gaze to meet Ginny 's . his voice tentative , flatter : | cont -69 - } 88 cont daddy i they child put they there , you | | know , it 's a terrible place . i Ginny look he in the eye . she see he abash , question look . her voice vanish . daddy turn away . 89 . Rose , look for Ginny , come into the hall 's bathroom and see she sister bent over the basin , splash cold water over and over she hot face . rose Joan stanley think daddy 's lose he mind . | : : ginny | . I just talk ( to he ) : ) _ rose > it enrage I ginny en( rage ) - ? rose this ploy . ginny Rose , he 's rose I be not go to let he get away with it . ginny he look so , sort of weaken . but Rose lower she voice , grip the front of Ginny 's shirt , very close to she : rose no . you have get to remind yourself what he be , what he 's do . we have to stand } up to that . I want he to repent , Ginny . I want he to feel humiliation and regret . I want that thing . as long as he act crazy , he get off scot-free . cont ~ lu 89 i i tt rr rr a SE ae a es ions cont for Ginny , it be intoxicating to listen to Rose speak like this , as sweet and forbidden as anything she have ever do . Rose see that she have win Ginny with she call - to-arm . as three teenage girl come into bathroom , across to mirror : Rose kiss Ginny on the cheek , smooth out she crease shirt , and smile . harold wave away a couple of people from the table he be keep for the Clark and cook family . Ginny and jess join the table , carry full plate , and sit together , pammy on Ginny 's other side , daddy opposite . Henry dodge , the pastor , say grace . lunch now fully underway : sound of voice , laughter . harold ( call ) hey ! harold speak loudly , as if make a long - await announcement : harold look at ‘em chow down here , like they be not do nothing . people around , mostly , pretend not to notice . they continue to talk and eat over harold 's voice . Henry dodge wonder if he should intervene . harold ( cont ) threw a man off he own farm on a night you would not keep a wolf out of you barn . Henry dodge push back he chair as , from across the hall : mary livingstone ( call ) pipe down , harold Clark , you be talk through you hat , same as always . cont cont Henry dodge sit . harold start again : harold you know who I be talk about , Ginny and Rose cook . I get they number . nobody 's fool I . he lean across the table to Ginny , he face thrust forward and , almost conversationally : harold bitch . that 's what you be . jess reach out and push harold 's face : a strange gesture , violent and gentle at the same time . pammy hold Ginny 's hand . daddy look straight at Ginny : he look of sly - righteousness . , : : Henry dodge have stand again . harold jump up , knock he chair backwards , and stretch across the table and yank jess out of he chair , jess shit ! and across the table , cup roll , food and cutlery sweep aside . people now stand to watch . harold I get you number too , you son of a bitch . you get you eye on my place . you be cosy up to I , think I be go to hand it over . well , I be not that dumb . Henry dodge hurry between table towards harold . Bob stanley come from another direction . ty and Pete both stand . Rose and Ginny signal to each other to leave . everything happen at once . cont cy 90 | 91 . ~ a 92 . 93 . cont harold ( cont ) '' harold you oughta do this , you oughta do that . '' Green manure ! goddam alfalfa ! who be you to tell I a goddam thing , stay away all this year , then come sashaying back - but Henry dodge , with Pete , have grab harold from behind , as jess hit he father . Ginny , Rose and the girl , in a little huddle , almost run out of the church hall flee : ginny . ( vo ) we go straight home , but I keep say '' where be wego ? '' as if there be someplace else to go . Rose 's car zoom along road through field : ginny ( vo cont ) I have often think that we should have drive to the twin city , take job , wait table , anything , Rose and I . jess sit in armchair , look up : ginny ( vo cont ) and duck this future that we never ask for . at Rose , who be concentrate on jess , watch by Ginny , in Rose 's live room . cont oo . Jesus . 93 cont rose harold set out week ago to humiliate you , both you and we , and to do it in public . jess 's voice low , rough , unfamiliar to Ginny : jess I know . Rose 's voice be low , penetrate , take direct aim . she surround jess , capture he agreement , just as she have do with Ginny : rose he 's be after you for thirteen year , ever since you leave . he set you up when you get here , and then take he revenge . jess Rose lean over jess , a hand on each arm of the chair . he stare at she . she speak softly , take direct aim : rose you seem to think that there 's some game go on here , that we can choose to play or not , that we can follow we feeling here and there and just leave when we do not like it any more . maybe you can . but this be life and death for I . if I do not find some way to get out from under what daddy 's do to I before I die - Rose 's voice strangle , halt . jess and Ginny do not look at each other . ginny you can not go back there now . rose why do not you stay at daddy 's ? jess in spell that Rose have create , draw into she version of the world : rose the house be just sit there . cont ~ puceenaaccr aan pwo 93 | 94 . 95 . '' wa | 96 . '' 1 -74 - cont Ginny excited by the think of have jess so close . ginny until this blow over . rose Ginny be eternally hopeful . and finally Rose look away from jess . the kitchen cabinet now rotting and buckle from both heat and storm . Ginny pass they on she way up to daddy 's house . Old cedar linen cupboard : Ginny take out sheet . screen fill with billow sheet , to reveal Ginny make the bed in she old bedroom in daddy 's house , with its yellow wall . she finish make bed for jess : fold back top edge of sheet over cotton blanket , plump pillow . stands look down at bed , know jess will sleep here . she lie down on the bed . in afternoon heat , tiniest sound fill the silence : Ginny 's breathe , the bed creak . she look around the room , at its everyday ordinariness : the empty closet door ajar , the peel yellow paint on the chest , bronze circle float in the mirror , a water stain on the ceiling . the corner of the room , where the wall meet the ceiling . Ginny stare at this corner for quite a while . ° her face change , as she remember stare up at this deeply familiar corner when daddy be in bed with she . e ~ a , 97 . 98 . U : 99 . i pk a oa i a rr ner -75 - Ginny come out of she old bedroom . she feel as if she will faint , fall down the stair . she lower herself to the floor , murmure , in pain : : ginny Rose , Rose , Rose . Ginny on the wooden floor of the shadowy upstairs hallway : she be shaking , rock , possess by the memory . then she scream , and find she need to , and give herself up to it , painfully , but also conscious of she scream self : ginny ( vo ) I do not tell Rose that she have be right . she would press we be move amongst the bounty of . a summer vegetable garden : green tomato on vine , yellow pepper , onion , bush bean , and cucumber start to vine : ginny ( vo cont ) I and I would not be able to resist she and it would become a obsession [ could not bear . and find Ginny hard at work in she vegetable garden . although it be early morning it be already hot . Ken La salle on Ginny 's front porch , peer in through the window beside door . sound of construction work from across the yard . Ginny appear behind he , wiping dirty hand on short . ginny can I help you , Ken ? Ken spin around . hold out papers . ken this be for you . you and ty , and Rose and Pete . cant -76 - i ) 99 cont Ginny show Ken she soil- blacken hand . ginny better tell I what they be . ken well , Ginny , you dad and caroline be suing you to get the farm back . Ginny feel as if she 's be slap . 100 . caroline on the phone in she Des Moines law - firm office . caroline ' I can not talk about the suit , Ginny . if you on want to talk about that , I will have to hang '' es '' up . 101 . . Ginny , in she gardening clothes , on the phone . we see caroline or Ginny as necessary . ginny what else be there to talk about ? it drive everything else out , do not it ? caroline the think of daddy out in that storm be what drive everything else out . ginny he go ! he just go . caroline silent , sceptical . Ginny try to be calm . ginny ) you be not there . you do not know - what happen or what it be like . caroline daddy be there . ty be there . rant ~ sareseziis 101 102 . cont ginny ty? caroline he be there . ginny you have talk to ty ? caroline do not answer , but it be clear she have . after a moment : Ginny flounder . ginny we do everything for you , Rose and I . we find a way to get you whatever you want . caroline that 's not the issue here . ginny we save you from daddy . Rose , she - caroline save I ? from my own father ? at this point , I do not really blame you and Rose for the way you raise I . I really do not . actually , I would like to go into it someday . [ think that would be healthy , but right now I have a meeting . and caroline hang up . the harvestore , blue and efficient , with clean line and round edge , now rise above the other farm building . a three - man crew be tear out the dairy - stail in the old barn , dump they outside . Ginny move through this change landscape , past the new slurrystore and into the gestation building . _~ 103 . 104 . a roar erm mn etre leas ale -78 - light , ready for night work , rig up around the new gestation floor . Pete part of the work crew , with ty , who be hammer nail into the form he be set . : Ginny stand beside he , hold the legal papers , but he ignore she , continue to hammer . ginny you know . ty ? do not you ? you talk to caroline . but ty continue hammer , as if Ginny have not speak , be not even there . later that evening , Ginny prepare supper as ty come in the back door and throw some dirty rag on the kitchen floor . ginny what 's that ? ty you tell I . Ginny look closer : decipher the pink stripe of a nightgown , some -underwear . the rusty stain of dry blood . dirt . ginny where be it ? ty where do you think ? they gaze lock , then Ginny wipe she hand on a dish towel , wipe the counter with the dishrag . wonder if she can bluff , then : ginny floor of the dairy barn ? ty I do not think you would admit it . ginny well , I do . ty what be the bloodstain from ? cont bon 104 105 . ginny I have a miscarriage . ty when ? ginny last Thanksgiving , about . the day after . ty lot of secret round here . ginny do you want to know why I keep it secret ? because I do not agree with you about stop , but you draw the line . I do not ever want to draw the line . but I could not stand up to you . ty I could not take it , the big buildup of be pregnant , and then the letdown . ginny take it be better than not try at all , just give in . you think that whatever happen , if we just wait a while it will turn out okay . I can not live like that anymore ! ty you hide thing from I . you lie to I . that 's the fact , and you turn it around . you lie , simple as that . Ginny feel she face heat up , the old familiar sense of shame . the white centre line on the road through the field . Ginny pick up the clothes and throw they in the trash can , then jam they further down into the trash with she foot . moonlight show corn plant , rattling in eternal breeze , as tall as a person . cont 105 cont the two house : Rose 's completely dark , a upstairs light in daddy 's . Ginny appear , in short and sneaker , walk down the road . Ginny look up at light window in daddy 's house . she have circle the house , now stand under the partly - open back window of the light room . she see : jess , in white shirt , move around room . she watch he for a while : evocative and desirable , but distant and unreal like a image on a tv screen . 106 . jess in Ginny 's old bedroom . Radio on . ginny ( os call ) je-ess ! : jess , not sure of what he 's hear , turn down the radio . . 107 . Ginny call again and , miraculously , the figure turn , come to window , push it up higher and lean out : jess hi . who 's that - ? sudden shame and fear rise in Ginny : ginny it 's , uh , Ginny . jess hey ! what be you do ? do you knock ? I have the radio on . ginny I guess I have not see you in a while . jess smile : jess it miss you . cont ~ nett i C ) 107 109 . 108 . cont ginny T love you . jess oh , Ginny . and Ginny hear the pure , clear remorse in he voice , which tell she everything she need to know . jess I will be right down . but Ginny have turn away . not towards the open , revealing road , but into the stiff conceal row of corn . wet sheet and shirt fill the clothes line . Ginny appear , disappear amongst the wash as she hang the clothes . early morning . . Ginny with empty wash basket , walk home to house . the sound of a number of car make she look up and stop to watch . ty , across the yard , stand still , also watch : line of car and truck leave the farm . the lumber truck , the cement- mixer - truck , the crew 's car and pick -up , the electrician 's truck , marv carson 's car , all drive out . ginny ( vo ) when we be force to stop the work , it feel like we crown failure as a couple . ty watch until the truck be only a distant move thread , barely visible in the field of tall corn . he turn , look back across the yard to the unfinish work . the silence . he take off he cap , wipe sweat from he face . then start to walk back across the desert yard . daddy look down at he foot , caroline turn to help he negotiate the back step of roberta 's fabric and clothing store . cont ~ -82 - cy 109 cont and Ginny , in the middle of the store , be transfix by this little group . as caroline and daddy come through the door , Ginny slip quickly into a change - room , hold two blouse . she stand there , immobilize . daddy and caroline come down the store , both speak loudly as if each think the other be deaf : . caroline daddy ? have you get you list ? daddy I have get it . a long pause . caroline May I see it ? . Ginny hear they , now almost outside she cubicle : 2 caroline ( os cont ) daddy ? May I see the list ? daddy ( os ) you get money ? caroline ( os ) yes , daddy . daddy ( os ) let I see it . caroline look at rack af sock : caroline it 's in my wallet . I have get plenty . it 's okay . this be nice , daddy . the heel ' be reinforce and they be a hundred per a cent cotton . daddy let 's sit down . cont () 109 cont he shuffles to a chair and sit . his voice equal part commanding and wheedling : daddy come sit down here . his voice give Ginny a chill . she notice she be grip the blouse so hard that she knuckle be white . she hang the blouse , flex she hand . caroline ( os ) daddy , we should look ( for ) - daddy ( os ) sit by I . caroline ( os ) okay . Ginny cautiously look out and , through a tiny chink in cubicle curtain , see : the chair daddy and caroline be sit on be too close for she to be able to escape . she lean back against the wall , in gloom of cubicle : daddy ( os ) remember that brown coat you have ? daddy and caroline side by side : daddy ( cont ) you be a little birdy girl . Little hat , too . that velvet stuff . caroline velveteen . daddy T call you my birdy girl . look like a little house - wren . caroline do I ? cont '' ) 108 na 110 . 111 . a a ar ee ab srr rbs cont daddy you do not like it , either . no , siree . you do not want any brown coat and hat . you want pink . candy pink . caroline I do not remember that . I remember something red , a jacket with heart - daddy could not ever get you to stay away from that drainage well . Ginny feel a kind of rush pressure in she head , the wall of the booth become faint . daddy ( os cont ) - . do not matter how much we punish you or whipped you , like a moth to flame . sound of caroline and daddy laugh . Ginny lean she forehead against the cubicle wall , faint . Ginny drive : she head throbbing , she barely know where she be go . the air be intensely hot . e Rose cut out a pattern , scissors through cloth . fan whirring . Ginny burst in : ginny Rose , what colour be you coat when you be five or so ? Rose , never startle , finish the side she be cut , then : rose my coat ? it wouild have be , yes , it be that brown velveteen thing . why ? Little bill cap . [ hate that ( thing ) - cont be a no o 111 cont -85 - ginny what colour do you want ? rose pink , probably . I be crazy about pink for year . ( what be ) - ? ginny do caroline get you coat ? rose no , it wear out , mommy cut it up for polish rag ... Ginny ? Ginny have flop down into a chair . the fan whirring round and round beside she . ginny : I be in roberta 's and daddy and caroline come in . I can not tell you the tone of voice he use to she . all soft and affectionate , but with something underneath . I think I would faint . Rose stand over Ginny : rose say it . ginny say what ? rose : say it . ginny it happen like you say . I realise it when I be make the bed for jess in my old bedroom . I lay down on the bed , and I remember . Rose , reassuringly to Ginny , go back to she cut . the scissors through the cloth . Rose 's calm , familiar movement . Ginny close she eye , turn she face to the fan and let the air blow directly over she : cont — _ 111 112 . - 86 - cont ginny ( vo ) I remember pretend to be asleep . I remember he say '' quiet now , girl , you do not have to fight I . '' the unyield back of daddy 's head as he sit in he l-z - Boy ( as in scene 25 ) : '' ginny ( vo cont ) I remember he weight . I remember he ' carry a whole lot of smell , Ginny , fifteen , lie on sofa . daddy 's leg , in work - pants , the only thing see of he , move past the sofa : ' ginny ( vo cont ) whiskey , cigarettes , the smell of farm . work . the corner of the yellow room where the wall meet the ceiling , shadowy at night . Ginny 's adult eye open . ginny ( vo cont ) I remember my strategy , of leave my body , of desperate inertia . tall window show a slice.of hot city , from the cool interior of lawyer Jean cartier 's office . Jean cartier , smile and orderly - compare to he Ken La salle be a earnest , rumple bumbler - sit at the head of the table , with Ginny and ty , Rose and Pete , on either side . paper , coffee thing on table . a hour into the consultation : cartier .- believe I , it 's always difficult , but once the transition 's be make , and the older generation 's take care of , in most _ case , thing go back to normal . rose God forbid . cont Bea oe eee bee ee om 112 ' , wo 113 . cont cartier 's smile become a touch uncertain , but : cartier the mismanagement or abuse clause in the transfer agreement be not that well define . but they will certainly try to prove abuse and probably mismanagement , too . so , you have get to farm like model farmer until the hearing date . he look from Ginny to Rose : cartier and you lady , wear dress every day , and keep the lawn mow and the porch sweep . : rose be you kid ? cartier have glance at he watch and now , as they all stand : cartier appearance be everything with a clause like this . if I have to , I will cali some of you neighbour to attest to you skill , and they lawyer will call neighbour to attest to you mistake , if you look good , they will not be able to touch you . rose it 's ridiculous . cartier it 's million of dollar . million of dollar be never ridiculous . e briefly , in one sequence : Rose : she broom sweep along porch step , as she back down in its path . Ginny : on ladder , wash down eave of house with hose . Rose : make path of lather across carpet , with carpet-cleaner . cont C ) 113 114 . va 115 . 116 . of cea 2 Li rr a lu a a re ee - 88 - cont Ginny : foot on spade , into soil , as she tend vegetable garden . Rose : wash upstairs window . we be look in from outside . pammy and Linda wash the window next to she . pammy and Linda see jess come out of daddy 's house , in run gear , check he watch . late afternoon . pammy / linda je-e-ess ! jess look up , smile and wave , then run off . e field of tall corn , almost ready for harvest . late afternoon light fill it with shadow , a breeze rustle and whisper through it . jess appear , run on road through corn , sweat , foot pound . on another part of the road : Pete drive he silver truck . jess and Pete pass each other : both give a wave . Pete watch , in he rear-view mirror : jess disappear away from he . he take a swig from a quarter - pint of whiskey hold between he leg . he be very drunk , but we do not realise how drunk . ~ he sing , on and off , very sweet . he reach over to glove- compartment . the truck swerve on the road . harold Clark 's farmhouse . across the yard , behind the barn , we glimpse the front of Pete 's silver truck . in the truck , Pete have a rifle across he knee . he stare across at harold 's house , willing daddy to come out . we barely hear what he say : cont 116 117 . 118. -89 - cont pete ..¢’ mon Larry ¢’mon come out ... he lift the rifle and take aim at harold 's front door . the door open and , improbably to Pete , it seem as if he have summon Larry . almost puzzle , he look up at the old man in the doorway . Larry wave he off , totally unafraid : daddy I see you ! you loser ! go on , clear out ! no-hoper , just hang on ! clear out ! the quarry in the time just before dusk : the light fade and cool . silence fill with small sound . tall dense growth . of weed and wild plant . birdweed coil through everything . shadows move across the deep water . faint sound of a truck , grow louder . bird fly up , wheel around . Pete 's silver truck appear , drive too fast , flatten plant in its path and , instead of stop before the quarry 's edge , it keep straight on . Pete , in the truck , the ride of he life . too late to turn back , he give a giant bellow roar of fear and astonishment . the truck sail into the quarry , where it sink quite easily . early morning , about six . Ginny , carry out blanket to air on the line , notice , down the road : Rose come up the road . it almost look as if she do not know where she be go . Ginny , halt by the strangeness of this , wait with she armload of blanket as Rose stop , about ten foot away , still on the road : cont eee rs esse be sag 8 hn sst test ten i™ 118 119 . . 120 . 121. i rse =90 - cont rose Ginny , Pete 's drown himself in the quarry and the girl be still asleep . the sheriff 's come for I . can you go down there ? Ginny drop the armload of blanket and start to run . e Apple and measure cup lie on floor . milk , egg and so on , for make muffins , on counter . Ginny into Rose 's kitchen , panting from she run , bend to pick up apple and cup . Rose , in sheriff 's car , dtive through corn field . her face , almost unrecognisable , be bleach white , she eye like hole burnt in paper . e muffins cool on rack . pammy eat one , drink juice : pammy I wish Mom have let I baby -sit . she say if she have to drive I , she have charge mileage . ginny that sound like a joke to I . Linda , still in nightgown , come into kitchen : linda where 's Mom ? ginny . she will be back soon . want a muffin ? as Linda take a muffin and join pammy : linda where would she go ? cont - ssesdss da . ce a I re re te ea cc ) 121 { \? 122. 123. 124 . -91 - cont ginny I do not know . pammy daddy 's go to take we to the sale barn today to look at some baby pig . ginny you can look at all the baby pig you want at my place . pammy not yorkshire , hampshire . I be go to watch tv . Linda go into live room with pammy , leave Ginny in the kitchen . e a hour later : Rose get out of sheriff 's car . Rose be now herself again : brisk , matter - of - fact , as she come into the live ' room where the girl be on the sofa watch tv . Ginny come to kitchen doorway : rose Girls , I have some bad news . Ginny turn and go out through kitchen , slamm the door behind she , to drow out they cry . under the naive mural of Christ praying in he big landscape : the choir sing one of Pete 's favourite song . in the church congregation : pammy and Linda , in they white dress , look bewilder and diminish . Rose , exhaust , have accept the role of grieve widow . a number .f people in the crowded church be cry . 125 . 126 . 127 . a a re , SE res wom mss eas oo i re -92 - choir sing continue over , very briefly : a group of pallbearer , all local farmer . they be all different height and so the carry of the coffin be rather awkward . , song come to a end as : Rose , drink whiskey , drag furniture around she live room , determine to clean every corner . light blaze . she suddenly stop , go to phone , dial : rose Ginny ? e Big sky full of star . corn plant 's eternal rattling . two a.m . the two house : every downstairs window in Rose 's house be light , every window in daddy 's house be dark . Rose and Ginny , the whiskey bottle with they , out on the moonlit road between the house . the white centre line gleam in moonlight . rose when I meet Pete I want someone exciting , exciting enough to just wipe daddy . I think he have end up in Chicago , play music , someplace = daddy have never go . once in a while it be exciting , but only because he be so unpredictable . but we never leave . it 's never be good . he would not even look at I , when I get back from hospital , without my clothes . Rose look across the road to daddy 's house : rose I be so tempt to just walk over there and go in . . ginny what for ? cont -93 - oc 127 . cont rose to get in bed with jess . Ginny stare at Rose . rose oh , do not look at I like that . I can not ' deal with it . Rose turn and walk down the middle of the road . Ginny watch she , then run to catch up . rose ask I a question . I will tell you the truth . Rose laugh . ginny just tell I . rose 2 _ okay . I sleep around in college , and a maybe a little in high school - do not look like that , Ginny , I know you disapprove - but since Pete there 's only be one before jess . ginny who 's that ? rose / Bob stanley , but it be nothing . just a summer . this , be love . * ginny ( hostile ) what do that mean , '' love '' ? rose he have this sense of my body . he look at it a lot . you know , touch it as if he love it . I mean , I know that stop , but while it last I can not get enough of it . J ginny when that stop , do not everything stop ? I mean , be not that what affair be ail about ? cont — - be - - '' qo a a -94 - 127 cont rose this be not go to stop . Ginny try to sound sympathetic : low and easy . ginny jess have never settle down , Rose . he 's restless . he 's have plenty of woman , I would bet on that . unless he commit himself - rose but he have ! he 's push I to just ... ginny just what ? rose that 's what we can not decide . where . what . the girl . ginny do you tell Pete about jess ? rose yes. ginny that last day ? rose week ago . well , a week ago . ginny what do he say ? rose that he be go to kill daddy . , ginny daddy ? rose and that if harold get in the way , he have kill he too . he blame daddy for everything that go wrong in we life . when I tell he about jess he go out and drank every night , and cont C ) 127 cont rose ( cont ) every night he drive to harold 's place and sit outside in the truck , drink . Rose take another drink , wander on the road for a little : Rose smile : rose I be think leave here - jess and I - be the only alternative . but then Pete do I this favour . do we . not pammy or Linda , I know that . but I do not want to leave here . I want what be daddy 's . I want it . I feel like I have pay for it , do not you ? you think a breast weigh a pound ? that 's my pound of flesh . you think a teenage hooker cost a hundred . buck ? that 's how many buck ? people say what bitch we be , and that 's that , the end of history . I can not stand that . . ginny okay , here 's a question . do you know jess sleep with I ? rose sure . it hurt Ginny more than she have expect , although she 's not surprised . ginny have he sleep with you by that time ? rose no. ginny but he tell you ? rose yes . ginny I guess that mean he and I do not have anything private anymore . cont ~ a re ae eu careeaad — — a 127 cont / rose he love I , Ginny . you do not think I have let he have anything private with my own sister , do you ? ginny I do not know you be jealous like that . rose do not you remember how mommy say I be the most jealous child she know ? I mean , when pammy or Linda go to you for something , I know in my mind that 's good for they , but I be always jealous . Ginny recognise the tone Rose be use : frank and sincere , almost charming . she 's use it on Ginny countless time . drink have broaden it , add bravado and hardness to it . 5 : ginny . I guess you want everything for yourself . rose well , I always have . I be grabby and jealous and selfish and mommy say it would drive people away , so I be good at hide it . Ginny speak as bitterly as she feel : ginny you sound like you forgive yourself completely . rose you sound like you do not forgive I at all . Rose look at Ginny for a long moment . her face be the colour of the moon , she eye in shadow . rose } . the difference be , Ginny , that you can ~ trust I . you can and the girl can . I will not hurt you . cont mo 127 128. 129 . 130 . RA ee eee rma bali rel elst as asst cont but Ginny feel mortally wounded . rose see she scepticism and press on : rose when I tell you the truth , it 's not to hurt you . it 's because it 's the truth , and you have to accept it . the shadowy barn with sow - pen fill with sow . Ginny and ty walk down between the pen as ty talk about farm problem : ty selling off the sow will tide we over till after harvest . but if the dry weather do not last we will be in trouble . but Ginny 's mind barely on ty , as he continue to outline the problem : ginny ( vo ) but all the time I be imagine they naked somewhere . Ginny 's hand sponge - bathing she sister . we glimpse only part of Rose 's body : ginny ( vo cont ) I would bath Rose when she be sick , the sole of she foot , the back of she neck , the bump of she spine , the three mole on she back . from a unseen Ginny 's point of view in the pick - up at the dump : jess - he neck and naked back - as he twist away from Ginny to bend down : ginny ( vo cont ) I know I have to do something to rid myself 131 . 132 . 133. 134 . -98 - ginny ( vo cont ) of the sight and sense of they nearness . Ginny pull out a book from library shelf , the title page only glimpse : poisonous common plant . page turn : we briefly see botanical illustration . e thick undergrowth of swampy area open out from the Scenic River , in late afternoon . Ginny 's hand pull on yellow dish - wash glove : ginny ( vo cont ) all my life I have think Rose and I be twinlike . that somehow we be each other 's real self . ° box of farm bounty : the glow red of tomato , the yellow of peach , and the poison sausage . Ginny carry the box down the road . ginny ( vo cont ) Rose have show I daddy , but she have also show I herself . it be unbearable . sound of tv news from Rose 's live room . Ginny hold out the box to Rose : ginny surprise . Rose smile and take the box , put it on kitchen counter and take jar out of box : rose you be a sweetie . do you do all this today ? ginny just the sausage and kraut . cont ~ - [ lasse aad ee 134 135 . 136 . 137 . -99 - cont Rose hold sausage : rose the other will not eat this . ginny I would not either . [ make it for you . rose thanks . she kiss Ginny on the cheek . through the doorway Ginny see : jess and the girl in the live room , on the sofa , watch the evening news . jess catch Ginny 's eye and smile , wave , then look back to the news . e a chill wind blow across dark October field , swirl dry soil into air . a distant farmer fall - plow , he white farmhouse bright against the umber field . fall leave on tree , in ditch and catch in fence - line . Ginny and ty drive , in silence . daddy , big and strong and hunch forward , head swinging around like the head of a bull , and with the same suspiciousness . he be walk through the lobby of Zebulon County Court House : caroline and Frank on one side , Ken La salle and they other lawyer wallace crockett , on the other . Ginny watch daddy , from within little group of Rose and ty and they lawyer Jean cartier , who be make last- minute note . e . the Court in session . caroline in witness stand . her lawyer , wallace crockett , question she . daddy sit next to Frank , caroline 's empty chair on he other side . Ginny shift she chair , so he be not in she view . cont 137 cont crockett ms cook , when be you suspicion arouse about the plan go forward for the division of the cook farm ? caroline I be suspicious from the first . the whole project be very untypical of my father . crockett what be you response to the project ? caroline I make my reservation know . crockett how be they greet ? caroline : my sister , Ginny Smith , urge I very strongly to go along with the project . crockett what do you think of that ? caroline I suspect she of ulterior motive . I know she and Rose both want to get they hand ( on the ) - Jean cartier object , as : rose oh , my god , listen to this . the judge cast Rose a severe glance , as he uphold objection . crockett later , it be more than suspicion , right ? you be really worried about you father 's safety . caroline '' yes , I be . they send he out into a terrible storm - cont - 101 - cont Jean cartier object again : cartier objection . hearsay . the judge sustain the objection . crockett Mr ty Smith tell you that you sister have send you father out into a terrible storm , do he not ? Rose lean to Ginny : rose do he ? caroline : . yes , he do . Rose sit back : rose I be not surprised . caroline . it be common knowledge that my father be out in that ( storm ) - but the judge have be scan papers : judge ms cook . you may not introduce the subject of you father and he relation to you sister into this courtroom . the mismanagement or abuse clause in the pre-incorporation agreement refer to the farm property only . caroline flush red . caroline but - her lawyer get she attention , smile encouragingly : cont C 137 cont - 102 - crockett have the cook farm ever incur debt ? caroline no. crockett be it now burden with debt ? caroline it certainly be . caroline triumphant now . a glance at Ginny , then at Rose . her face cool , like a stone . she smooth she hair . Jean cartier decline to question caroline . she leave the stand . silence , except for the sound of she heel click on the floor as she walk back to she seat . later : Rose now in the stand , be question by wallace crockett . - crockett so the work - crew be do very long hour overtime ? rose yes . crockett in order to push the work past the point of no return ? over , cartier object , but the judge overrule the objection , as : = crockett everything be do in a rush , right ? rose the sooner the work be finish , the sooner we would start earning . crockett do not you sister Ginny Smith tell you that ( he check note ) '' the big dollar be spend make she giddy '' ? Rose turn she gaze briefly to Ginny . Ginny look at ty. who 's talk to who ? crockett be follow up quickly : cont — a a a ae sr aa ST pect arn e ea leeda ddd sess - 103 - cn 137 cont n\a crockett in other word you be way over - extend . rose ' no . . but crockett follow up ruthlessly : crockett what date do you husband Peter Lewis meet he death ? cartier object . the judge overrule the objection . Rose calm and seif - contain but it 's as if the word be be drag out of she : i rose . August the second . . crockett on what be the coroner 's verdict on the wa cause of he death ? rose accidental drown . crockett ' and what be you husband 's blood ' alcohol level at the time of he death ? cartier object . Rose look at the judge . judge where be this lead , Mr crockett ? crockett I submit that Peter Lewis 's death be directly related to the strain of the massive debt incur by the two family in they know mismanagement of the farm - cy cartier object again , over . the judge sustain he objection . but crockett 's ' D word hang like a accusation in the courtroom . cont aes. ier iet et - 104 - 137 . cont later : daddy walk heavily to the stand . Ginny and Rose can not take they eye off he as he slowly go up the few step into the witness stand . Ginny listen with fearful fascination , flick a quick glance to Rose , as he falter , take the oath from the Court clerk , then : ken Mr cook , do you , in good faith , form a corporation and relinquish you farm to you two older daughter , Virginia cook Smith and Rose cook Lewis , along with they husband , Tyler Smith and Peter Lewis ? a long pause , before : daddy by god , they will starve there . ' ken > Mr ( cook ) - caroline ! daddy caroline yes , daddy ? _ judge the witness will please refrain from address - daddy = caroline ? Mr cook ? daddy swing he head around and catch the judge 's gaze . Mr cook , please answer the question . / you can not talk to ms cook just now . do ' you understand ? daddy look at the judge without answer . cont ets e sek ck a ea i le sin be ee - 105 - : UN co ) 137 . cont judge proceed , Mr La salle . Ken La salle move closer to the stand : ken Larry ? do you sign the farm over to Ginny and Rose ? daddy '' they can send I to jail , I do not care about that . ken nobody 's go to jail , Larry . we be talk about the farm , you farm . we want to know what you do with it . ' . : daddy '' . T lose it . caroline ? judge Mr La salle , try once more . ken . Larry ! listen to I . what happen to you farm ? who do you give it to ? daddy ( shout ) she 's dead ! judge who 's dead , Mr cook ? daddy now almost meek : daddy my daughter . she 's dead . judge all you daughter be in the courtroom , sir . caroline stand : cont geennneeeene ss as a 137 - 106 - cont daddy I think that sister steal she body and bury she already . Rose give a bark of laughter , quickly stifle . caroline have go to daddy : caroline here | be , daddy . I be not dead . I be right here . you live at my house now . you can live there always , as long as you like . daddy can not seem to see caroline in front of he . Ginny be amaze and horrify , excited as if she be witness a wreck . Ken La salle be hold up a sheaf of papers : . ken : judge , here 's exhibit a , the contract in question . I will introduce it in lieu of the witness 's response . _ daddy look past caroline to Ken La salle : daddy help I up , boy . I can not do like I use to . he reach out a arm . Ken take it and as daddy step down , to caroline : daddy Excuse I . Rose lean over to Ginny : '' rose ten to one this be a act . caroline , Ken La salle and daddy make they slow way down the aisle , as : daddy she be the littlest thing . sing all _ day . Little cap , like a brown bird . she 's dead now . that other two , they - cont - 107 - cont suddenly Ginny stand , call out : all head , except for daddy who continue to murmur on , turn to she : ginny daddy ! it be Rose who have the brown coat ! it be Rose who sing ! ( it be ) - the judge bang he gavel . Ginny 's face hot . she sit down , look at ty : ginny but it be . ty shush Ginny . Ginny feel icy shaking spread through she body . later : the judge be summing up . .. the argument be fairly clear and the plaintiff have fail to establish either abuse of the property or mismanagement of its asset . the fact be , in this state , if you legally sign over you property , it be very hard to change you mind and get it back . a long pause . judge obviously , the mental condition of the chief plaintiff , Mr cook , must also come under consideration . be the property to revert to he , it 's not clear , give the deep division in the family , who would farm it . but this be only a corollary consideration . the law be clear . I find in favour of the defendant , Mrs Lewis , Mrs Smith and Mr Smith . everyone start to shift , but the judge have not finish : - judge I would also like to say to Mr La salle , Mr crockett , Mr rasmussen and ms cook , that there be merit in the argument of Mr cartier that this cont ~ - o 137 138. cont - 108 - judge ( cont ) may have constitute a frivolous misuse of the court , and Mr rasmussen and ms cook , in particular , should have bethought themselves before they decide to carry a family fraca this far . for that reason , the plaintiff shall be require to pay fee and cost . the court be adjourned . e caroline , Frank and wallace crockett and Ken La salle in a little stand huddle around daddy who be sit on a bench in the Court House lobby . we be with Ginny and Rose , ty and jess , as they pass through the lobby towards the entrance door . Rose the volatile centre of the little group . cartier a few step ahead of they . rose he do not even know he 's lose the farm . ' ty what do you want , Rose ? blood ? rose I want he to know . ty 2 you see he , have not you any pity ? ty , impatient with Rose 's never -end anger , move ahead to join cartier . rose he 's go to get off scot - free , Ginny . I can not bear it . Rose stop and turn quickly towards daddy and he little group of courtier , take a few rapid step towards they : rose ( call ) daddy ! C ) 138 139 . 140 . - 109 - cont the group around daddy tum to Rose . Rose mid-point between she group and daddy 's . daddy 's head come up and Rose take a few more step towards he , as if it be all go to pour out . but she see daddy be look at she as if she could be anyone . she falter , she anger deflect . and in that moment , ty > step in front of she , and jess touch she arm . : and Rose turn back , quickly , to she group and move away with they towards the entrance . furious with herself for not have say what she want to say , furious that it would not have be believe , that the blame would only circle and settle on she . anger like a piston in she , drive she . Ginny watch Rose , pleased she sister feel what she be feel : a desire to punish the person who have harme she and never acknowledge it . the farm , in fall evening , look as lifeless as Ginny feel , as she and ty drive in , back from Court . . brussel sprout drop into pot of water . put on stove beside pot of potato . Ginny look around the kitchen : everything look wear , useless , know beyond know . ty step out of he boot , hang he coverail on door . ginny Supper will be ready in twenty minute . ty great . Ginny put chop on broiler . ty wash he hand , dry they : ginny one new thing we could get would be a range . this one 's a menace . ty I do not think this be the right time to get a new range . cont - 110 - } 140 cont ginny maybe it will blow up then , and put we out of we misery . ty 's exasperate sigh . ty I think you have show off plenty this summer , frankly . the endless sameness of the kitchen extend , for Ginny , into the endless ' never - changingness of they life : the division be complete , there will be no reconciliation , it be unbearable . everything in the kitchen take on this desolate meaning : steam from pot on stove , chop spitting under broiler , two eternal place set at the table . a long silence , except for the cooking noise . , . ty watch Ginny , compel by she stare around the kitchen . she could as sweep everything off the table , tear down the curtain , tip the pot of boil water off the stove . ty .. Ginny ... settle down ... instead , she hold out she hand . ginny I need a thousand dollar . ty take out a wad of note from he pocket . ty Michael rakosi bring the rent by last night . he put the cash into Ginny 's hand . 141 . Ginny take coat and scarf off hall - tree . car key off key-hook . she open the door , wind blow in , and shut it behind she . cy '' 142 . ; 143 . . a 144 . 145 . - lll - Ginny walk across the yard , the light fade quickly to darkness . ty come to the door : ty ( call ) I have give my life to this place ! but Ginny will not look back : ginny ( call ) : 1 take it ! it 's yours ! : she stumble over a rut , against the car . put the money deep into she coat pocket , and get into the car . Rose 's house : figure of Rose and the girl and jess move around the light room in they evening life . Ginny 's car drive down the road , between daddy 's dark house and Rose 's house : ginny ( vo ) I get a dollar per acre . Ginny 's tail - light smaller and smaller until , eventually , they disappear . Endless stream of traffic on interstate 35 in Minnesota , see from : a small apartment : the sound of traffic , a sofa -bed , a palm - tree read lamp with a stack of library book . everything anonymous , makeshift , neat . briefly , a car pull into parking space in front of a apartment building surround by otr2r apartment building . Ginny , wear a waitress 's uniform , get out of car . C ) 146 , 7 , 148 . -112- Ginny come into the apartment , toss down bag , slip off shoe , foot sore , glance at mail she have bring in with she : all junk and a bill . at the window , she look out at traffic on freeway . a seat in the corner of the room . when Ginny sit , we realise that here be the place where she have be put together she story , collaborate with we in she investigation . a anonymous corner of the anonymous apartment . a busy restaurant with its continual noise . after a while , we see that Ginny be one of the waitress . she enjoy the job : the busyness , the small - talk , the come and go , the limit of the world narrowly define . the back of ty 's head , in a cap , which Ginny - busy , head - down to order - pad - do not recognise , although we may , as she come up to he table : ginny what would you like this morning , sir ? ( I can recommend ) - now she giance at the up - turn face : ty. ginny ( voy when ty turn up , all I think be '' how 's Rose ? Dead now ? '' Ginny and ty crossing road , through traffic : ginny ( vo cont ) when he tell I that jess Clark have leave she , have go back to the West Coast , it do not seem to make any difference to my vengeful wish . mae oe I see 149 . 150 . -113 - the car-park of a diner : Ginny and ty move through the car . Ginny can not see ty 's pick - up : ginny what be you drive ? ty that chevy . and Ginny look : a beat - up car with thing pile high in the back seat . ginny what 's this ? ty I be go to Texas , Ginny . think I have get myself a job , in one of that big hog place down there . e food on table between Ginny and ty in the busy diner : ty that hog building kill I . the winter after the trial be so bad - ginny the hearing . nobody be on trial . ty I be . 's they glare at each other , then both veil the glare . ty I have never be to Texas . or anyplace else , for that matter . ginny what about Rose ? ty Rose swear she 's go to keep it - together . she 's grim as death about it . she 's move over into you father 's house . cont -114 - 150 cont ginny there 's nobody leave to farm it . ty I sign everything , the land , building , hog , the equipment , I sign the whole lot over to she . she 's sure she 's go to be a land baroness . get it all figure out , the way she always do . she go around like some queen . well , she do . frankly , she 's you dad all over . Ginny feel she face get hot . ginny where be he ? . ty : caroline take he , he 's live with she . I know what Rose say , Ginny , about you dad . she tell I . she 's tell everybody by now . no one believe she . I think people should keep private thing private . _ ty 's voice have rise . Ginny be tempt into she old method of conciliation : to nod or smile , to keep the peace . but instead she hold ty 's gaze , show she disagreement . ty ( flat ) I guess we see thing differently . ginny more than you can imagine . ty I do not remember you like this . ginny I be not like this . ty . no , you look on the good side of thing , you be pretty , and funny . cont -115 - 150 cont ginny I be a ninny , I be a simpleton . Ginny and ty wave simultaneously as he drive out of the diner carpark . 152 . '' even in Ginny 's apartment . sound of traffic from the interstate . Ginny lie on sofa , read a thick library book : middlemarch . it be almost too dark to read and Ginny reach out to turn on the palm - tree lamp . it cast a comforting , intimate circle of light on to the dark print of the page . 153 . on , clothes show we the season have change . in the restaurant , a counter - hand get Ginny 's attention across the restaurant : phone for she . the receiver lie on the counter , as Ginny negotiate the restaurant with a stack of piate . 154 . Ginny drive in busy traffic along interstate . she wear she waitress 's uniform . 155 . a woman lie on a trolley , a attendant beside she , in hospital lift . people , include Ginny , crowded around she . as the lift door open : Ginny with Doctor ( who we recognise from scene 22 ) come out through doorway of office : cont -116 - C ) 156 cont doctor she want the whole lot , you know , a second radical mastectomy , all the chemo she body could take . it 's just way too advanced . God know though , she 's a fighter . and out into the busy corridor . e 157 . Rose thin and little in hospital bed . her eyelid lift like velvet curtain . Ginny can not look away from she gaze . Rose pat a place on the bed and Ginny sit . Rose speak as if it tire she : rose . at the peak of the harvest I drive fifteen . truckload a day to the elevator . we get ~ twelve dollar twenty a bushel for corn . os ginny sound like a good price . rose we should have make daddy show we more , and let we get more in the habit of work . if I have be in the habit of do it day after day like ty or loren , it would not have be so hard . Rose take some deep breath , drink a little water through a straw . Rose refuse to break down , she will make this as matter - of - fact as she know how : '' rose take the girl back with you . ginny you mean - ? my rose J . tell I you will take they . ginny of course I will take they . cont cy ) 157 158 . ay ss 159 . i , -117 - cont Rose 's bossiness deny the extent of she gift : the give of she daughter to Ginny . and Ginny 's habit of vengeance be still too strong to make the first move to acknowledge the meaning of Rose 's gift . - rose tomorrow we will talk about when . ginny okay . rose go home and make they some dinner . make they fry chicken . the two house opposite each other : Rose 's now board up , daddy 's light . Ginny drive up the road towards they , one on either side . pammy and Linda - more than a year older since we last see they - open the door to Ginny . the three hug , they arm around each other , they head together . although daddy 's kitchen be now Rose 's , it be essentially the same . Linda and pammy hang around while Ginny unwrap chicken piece she have buy . Ginny be freezing . the kitchen seem cold and underiit . : linda be they go to let she come home soon ? she think they be , but I do not believe she . ginny all she tell I be to come and make you some fry chicken . linda we be vegetarian . pammy giggle . the girl look at each other , then : cont C ) NY o 159 cont the girl nod yes . -118- pammy we eat meat at school . linda i and we go to kentucky fry 4 sometimes . pammy will you make mashed potato and gravy ? ginny would you like I to ? as Ginny start to peel potato and the girl get out the various cooking - thing , Ginny make she voice as idle as possible : ginny ' have you mom get can stuff down in the cellar ? linda there 's some . we do not do as much as we use to . pammy there 's lot in our.old house we do not bring over . Ginny silent , as the girl 's voice continue over about keep left-over for hash - fried . she feel freshly the force of the urge that take she to make the sausage , and its attendant grief : ginny ( vo ) thad want Rose dead , and here she be , die . Rose be sit up . it 's clear that the force of life be stronger than yesterday . cont - 160 -119 - cont rose I do not leave everything unsaid with the girl the way mommy do with we . I be not enigmatic , either . [ laid it out for they when I see what be happen . her voice be weak but she tone be absolutely assure : she be go to die ina state of perfect self - confidence . Ginny feel the anger she have be harbour for so long . she struggle to soften she voice : ginny I be glad of that . Rose 's amused smile . Ginny can not resist : - ginny , I be impressed by the way you have tie up | all the loose end . Ginny give in : ginny bossy to the end . " Rose 's hand stretch out like spiderweb , then fold , then stretch again , on the blanket . rose be you look for a way to hurt my feeling ? ginny probably . rose still fight over a man ? ginny for every one think I have have about ty , I have have twenty about jess . rose | that 's because you do not sleep with he enough , or do ordinary thing . eventually , you would have get feed up . lane - 120 - | '' '' 160 cont ginny do you ? rose almost . I would have be feed up by summer . Ginny mean '' shut up '' : ginny thanks . Rose ignore Ginny : rose jess Clark be not the way you think he be , Ginny . he be more self - centre and calculate than you give he . : credit ( for ) - = ) . ginny ( parrot Rose ) he be not the way you think he be , he be kinder and have more doubt than you give he credit for . Rose and Ginny stare at each other aggressively : a long minute : then Rose lift a hand and brushes it through she soft new growth of hair . rose the difference be I love he without caring whether he be good . he be good enough and I want he and he slip away . I might have kill he if I would know what he be plan . Ginny believe Rose : she flat conviction . Rose , tired now , lie back . ginny do you ever hear from he ? but Rose wave she hand , dismiss the question . rose I want to tell you some thing , practical thing . - 121 - cn es 160 cont | ginny | okay . rose I be leave the farm to you and caroline , not to the girl . ginny why ? rose I want all of this to stop with we generation . Rose and Ginny stare at each other : a long look of understanding . '' all of this '' be daddy 's inheritance , which be still present right here at Rose 's hospital bed . ginny , I do not want to farm . . on rose <= you will not have to . marv carson ' Il make you sell to the heartland Corporation . 1 do not know what there 's go tobe above and beyond pay off the debt and the tax . ginny - what if there 's nothing ? rose I know you do not like I to say what I really think , but if I repeat myself about daddy or the farm , what he 's do , you could just walk out of here . I do not trust you . now Ginny can say it : ginny I do not trust you . . a long pause between they , then Rose - so touchingly - spread out she for } hand , spread she arm wide , in all she weakness . ss rose well , there you be then . except what be there about I not to trust ? 7 . cane - 122- Vo 160 cont no tear prick Ginny 's eye . ginny I guess I be all set to fight it out longer . rose yeah , it shit , do not it ? ginny it 's hard to bear . oh , Rose ! rose do not do this to I . we be not go to be sad . we be go to be angry until we die . now Ginny confess : ginny , I think I be go to be angry with . _ you forever . I mean , I want to kill ~ you . rose T want to kill people all the time . ginny no , I do not mean that I say , '' gee , I could kill she '' . I mean , I set out to kill you . Ginny have Rose 's attention , she belief : ginny I make poison sausage , and can it , and wait for you to eat it . Rose stare at Ginny , surprised at last . finally : rose well , must have work , huh ? but Ginny be not go to be rob of she confession , of Rose 's understanding : vy ginny do not you remember ? that liver sausage and sauerkraut I bring over ? late summer ? cont 160 -123- cont rose so much be go on , [ must have forget it . and of course I be sweep up in the jess Clark lifestyle , so I would have spurn liver sausage even if I would remember . Ginny , limp from she confession , slump in she chair . but Rose be invigorate ! ginny you hurt I so badly . a long pause as Rose look and truly '' see '' Ginny and understand she sister 's pain . rose do you forgive I ? ginny now I do . they stare at each other , out of they old intimacy . ginny what be I go to do without you ? rose Exercise caution while make up you own mind , as always . the sister exchange they first real smile . Rose reach out for Ginny 's hand ; - pull Ginny closer to she . now Rose confess : rose Ginny ? I do not make a good life with Pete . I do not see the girl into adulthood . I do not win jess Clark . I do not work the farm successfully . I do not even get daddy to know what he do , or what it mean . people around town talk about how I wreck it ail . Three generation on the same farm , great land , daddy a marvellous farmer and a saint to boot . ~~ nae a - 124 - o ) ~ 160 cont Rose 's voice , although weak , hold a touch passion . even now , Rose 's testament be to truth , however hard it be . Rose use Ginny 's hand to pull herself even closer : rose so all I have be that I see ! that I see without be afraid and without turn away , and that I do not forgive the unforgivable . that 's something , be not it ? Ginny , very affect , nod that yes , it be something . Rose , exhaust , lie back . : rose : . caroline . tell she ... about daddy ... . Rose wait for Ginny to agree . lo Ginny nod yes : she feel she will promise Rose anything . rose the girl . you love they . _ ginny you know I do . rose '' I be not jealous any more ... I be glad ... Rose and Ginny 's hand still link on the bed . Rose close she eye . Ginny sit watch she sister . after a while , she put out a hand and stroke Rose 's damp , hot forehead , up into she soft growth of new hair . she hold she hand there for a while , feel the pulse of Rose 's life . Rose 's eye flicker open : they look directly , simply into each other 's eye , as close as they have ever be . i ) Rose 's eye shut . Ginny watch she sister : ~ we stay with Rose 's beautiful wounded face for quite a while . | '' ! i 161 . 162. -125 - Rose 's face become the endless end - of- winter sky and the frost and ice - patch winter field . Ginny , in a truck , drive into the wintry kingdom . outside daddy 's house , even though it be still early morning , she see another rent truck park there . e in the cold house , the room be in disarray : drawer and cupboard open , content on floor and table , furniture in haphazard grouping . in the dining room , the table be half cover with stack of china , glassware and so on . caroline and Ginny take out thing from cupboard , stack they on floor and table . a coolness between they . Ginny conscious of the task Rose have set she . . caroline what dish do daddy use ? ginny White with a turquoise trim , remember ? caroline I would like that . and so would daddy . ginny they be not valuable . caroline what be valuable here ? ginny I do not know , caroline . caroline this plate must have be Rose 's . you can have they . Ginny consciously cool : ginny you do not want anything of Rose 's ? cane cont - 126 - caroline not really , no . ginny you must think you be go to take all of mommy 's and daddy 's thing , and I be go to take all of Rose 's . caroline I be sure there 's more that be Rose 's - ginny that 's not the point . Ginny see that caroline be , for once , a little afraid . caroline silent . ginny let 's hear it . caroline what ? ginny what you be think . caroline I think we should divide up the stuff and go home . ginny how can we divide up the stuff without know what it mean ? why do you want this thing ? dish and cup and saucer you do not remember ? it 's like you be take . home someone else 's farm childhood . what if I be not truthful ? what if I send you off on purpose with all of Rose 's thing , and keep mommy 's thing for myself ? : caroline I think of that . Ginny look at caroline then almost run out of the room . 163. 164 . 165 . van a -127 - in daddy 's bedroom : the vivid square and rectangle on the wall where photograph and picture once hang . the door open : Ginny look in . Inside closet : the door open and light fall on a stack of frame photograph lean against some box . Ginny finish place the photograph on a clear end of the dining room table . caroline ignore she . ginny okay . tell I who this be . caroline . I be not take test . ginny tell I . caroline unwilling , but fear bring she across to the photograph : . caroline well ... this must be the cook , or , no , the davise ... and this be the cook ... grandfather cook with the tractor ... mommy ... ginny z who 's the baby ? caroline you , probably . ginny but you do not know . caroline Rose , then . or I . who be it ? ginny I do not know . Rose do not know . you do not know . rane o 165 -128- cont caroline so what ? ginny so everyone here be a stranger . they be we family , but they do not look familiar . even daddy do not look familiar . they could be anyone . caroline daddy look familiar . ginny how familiar ? Ginny ruthless in she task . caroline pick up photo of daddy : he be about twenty five , handsome and exasperate . caroline . ' he look like daddy . ginny how familiar ? caroline be frighten . caroline I do not know what you mean . Ginny silent . caroline put down photo of daddy . : caroline so I can not pass some test . now , at last , caroline flare out at Ginny : caroline have you get to wreck everything ? [ come here and you can not leave I alone . you be go to tell I something terrible , about mommy , or daddy , or someone . you be go to wreck my childhood for I . you be die to do it , just like Rose be . she use to call I , but I would not talk to she . . caroline 's hand hang down by she side : she be transfix by Ginny 's purpose , just as Ginny have once be by Rose . cont cy ne 165 4 | | | . - wa 166 . , 167 . - 129 - cont ginny + you ... Ginny could tell caroline everything , pour it right into she ear , with no resistance from caroline , as Rose have tell she to . a long moment . but Ginny see caroline , for once , absolutely defenceless . she feel pity for what she be about to do to she sister . caroline gradually puzzle , as she see Ginny 's intention lose focus , she will withdraw : caroline what ? and Ginny let she go : , .. ginny it 's alright . caroline , with relief and relax of tension : she face crumple like a accuse child 's : caroline you frighten I . Ginny , after all , be not Rose : she have not she tenacity of spirit , she will to pursue the truth whatever the cost . Ginny go to put a arm around caroline . but caroline side -step she , turn away . Ginny watch as she squat down at the sideboard to continue the task of divide the goods . a claw - hammer in Ginny 's hand , as she walk across the road . a frigid breeze blow up the road between the two house . e the claw - hammer easily lever up the board nail over the cellar door on Rose 's old house . '' torch light across shelf hold smooth cold pint and quart , all dusty . { - 130 - 1 ( y | ( uu 167 cont | Ginny turn the metal handle . lift the door . | her foot down step , guide by torch light . cobweb drift across Ginny 's finger and face . the light settles on the gift - box Ginny give to Rose . @ 168. 169 . the jar of sausage , now a poisonous orange , light by counter - light in Ginny 's kitchen . the hum of traffic from the interstate . Ginny scared , as if she be handle explosive , twist off the ring , prise off the cap . she react to the strong , sour odour of vinegar . . the sausage and sauerkraut be ground in the sink 's waste- disposal unit . the tap turn on full - blast , water stream down into the sink . Ginny watch the stream of water , almost mesmerise : ginny ( vo ) Rose leave I a riddle I have not solve . how do we judge that who have hurt we , when they have show no remorse , or even understanding ? Ginny 's eye , as the sound of water and traffic change to the ceaseless rattling of breeze in tall corn plant . five year later , and we be in Ginny 's present , in the time from which she have be tell we she story . tall corn plant , as high as a person , full of light and shadow , move in the ceaseless breeze . a car drive on the road through vast field of corn : ginny ( vo ) I inherite the girl . the farm be go , the house bulldoze . cant - 131 - in the car , Ginny be drive , pammy , now nineteen , next to she . Linda , now i | ls 169 cont seventeen , be in the back . they be look out for where they once live : ( vo cont ) when I think of jess , I think of the loop of poison water we drank from . Ginny wander along the road . the girl on another part of the road . silo , industrial storehouse , but not a house in sight . the girl go from spot to spot : '' we house be here , and grandpa 's over there . '' '' no . it be further up . ginny there . '' '' where be you place , aunt Ginny ? '' | Ginny point further along the road . but without the landmark of the i house in what she believe be a permanent configuration , the road could be any road , the sweep of comfield , anywhere . as the girl continue to explore , call to each other : . ginny ( vo ) ty remind I of the order , hard - work world I use to live in . anger remind I of Rose . ( > daddy , briefly see , he hair be comb by caroline in she apartment . ginny ( vo ) remorse remind I of daddy , who have none . Ginny watch as the girl disappear into the tall corn plant . briefly we see ~ they from above , move through the plant : ginny ( vo cont ) when I think of myself , I remember my can jar of poison sausage . [ can not say I forgive my father , but I above all else , the ability that can jar give I , to imagine the unthinkable urge that possess he , take he {3 into the very darkness . Ginny wander along another part of the road . she turn as the girl run up behind she , and the little trio walk on together . the end