window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app100.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=1636;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://geocities.com:80/emruf0/tgb.html " ," 20060113044649 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1137127609 " ) ; a Tree grow in brookly n a Tree grow in Brooklyn [ a ] a short montage of current newspaper headline fade in : invasion jitter heavy casualtie expected italian foothold threatened over this come a woman 's voice : voice one small paragraph in this morning 's news of death , and blood , and tear -- and a sudden wave of nostalgia sweep over I . I find myself remember sharply the Brooklyn of my childhood . and why ? the paragraph have nothing to do with I , nor even with Brooklyn . it tell of a american soldier in Italy , a Texas boy . they be in danger of be sweep into the sea , when the soldier take from he pocket a small box and spill its content on the italian earth . " that 's dirt from Texas , " he say . " now I be stand on Texas soil , let 's see they push I off it . " as simple as that , but infinitely deep . for that single moment I could not understand why it should take I back to Brooklyn . and then I know . in the end , that be the true thing for which man so bravely die -- not the pretentious phrase , but for that place which be they own , where grow they root . it make no difference where the place be . most family have they root in soil ; we nolan drive we root down through the cement of the Brooklyn sidewalk -- like the occasional miraculous tree -- but no matter . it be all the same . Saturday be the same , for child in Brooklyn or in Texas -- we be free -- free from school . there be never anything finer than the beginning of a Saturday in Brooklyn . over this , the headline dissolve first to the williamsburg Bridge , and then back through view of modern Brooklyn into the Brooklyn street of a generation ago . we see horse - draw beer truck ; the swinging door of a saloon ; a street sweeper ; bedding pile on fire escape ; a wooden cigar-store indian ; the tree near the nolan tenement and finally the nolan street and tenement . this dissolves to the nolan kitchen . it be early Saturday morning . Katie and francie be finish clean up the breakfast dish . neeley be struggle in from the hall with Katie 's scrubbing pail and cloth and mop . he set they down inside the door . katie , the mother of the family , be in she early thirty , still young enough to be quick and alive to life . she be attractive , but be always so busy that she never have time to pay much attention to herself . the flat be a small one , on the second floor back , sparsely furnish , but its spotlessness reflect Katie 's passion for cleanliness . francie , she daughter , be about thirteen . she be a rather quiet child . she have inherite from johnny , she father , a sensitiveness and a imagination that make she by far the more difficult problem in parenthood for the nolan . neeley be a year young , and be completely a normal , healthy boy . he be much more Katie 's child , while francie be bear with something of both of they . neeley ( set down the bucket ) be that all , mom , can we go now ? katie not so loud , neeley , you want to wake papa ? neeley ( much quieter , to francie ) gosh , be not you through with they ole dish yet ? katie she will only be a minute . my , I wish you be as anxious to get go on a school morning as on a Saturday . francie ( wiping the dish ) papa be late last night . katie . I be dead asleep when he come in , I guess . francie he say if people do not like to make speech so much at dinner , waiter could spend more time with they family . katie be not much of a job , I guess . they club dinner do not tip much . francie ( finish ) be that all , mama ? katie yes , yes , go on , and I will do the rest . ( she indicate the sack neeley have drag out ) do not look like you get much in there this week . neeley one of this day Mrs. gaddis be goin ' to throw away that ole wash boiler of hers . carney will pay we plenty for the copper bottom off of that . katie he will not pay you any more than he have to . you watch he on the weighin' . neeley ( in a hurry ) yes be . good-bye , mom . katie Parents ought to have a day that 's like Saturday for kid . maybe if I start in the lower hall and scrub my way up today it will make something ' special out of it . keep a eye on he now , francie . francie yes , mama . neeley aw , come on . they exit have be a scramble of get they coat on , and hardly be able to wait to get outdoors . when the door slam behind they , Katie look after they a second with a little smile , half - envious of they childhood . then she start to get she implement together to begin she day 's work as janitress , and the scene dissolves to francie and neeley pull they sack of junk along the crowded street . the street be alive and vital with activity , but francie and neeley pay no attention to it . neeley well , he be silly to stay down there that long . I would have kick and kick that ole whale 's stomach good , so he would have get sick right off . I would not have wait like jonah do . ( to a pass boy ) hi , snozzy . snozzy ( matter -of -factly ) hi yourself and see how you like it . this brief exchange of courtesy be quite routine . neeley stop suddenly as he see something about to happen down the street . neeley there she come ! from they angle we see a big garbage wagon swing around a corner . four boy be wait matter - of - factly , and just as the wagon swing around the corner , they throw a chunk of wood under its rear wheel . it make the truck take quite a bump , and shake off some of its cargo . the boy be on this like a shot to redeem anything of value . the driver yell back at they and they shriek answer derision . chorus of boy aw , go chase you self . it 's a free country , be not it ? stick in the mud , and so 's you mar . it 's a free country . one of the boy shy a can at the driver . the wagon go on and the brief exchange be over . neeley and francie make no effort to horn in on the other kid ' beat , but watch with a detach interest . neeley they do good today . neeley and francie start on down the street . at that moment a man pass , take the last cigarette out of a package and throw the empty package into the gutter . francie and neeley dive for it . so do another boy . the nolan teamwork show long practice . francie dive onto the other boy , and they go down together while neeley retrieve the package . the boy scramble up , ready for battle , but think better of it when he see there be two of they . boy ( save he dignity ) aw , rag picker ! rag picker ! he beat it . francie pick up the junk sack . neeley separate the tinfoil from the paper . neeley then become fascinate as he drop the paper through the grate into the sewer . neeley you know somethin' . I bet she go clear down to the river . francie ( join he ) maybe clear to the ocean -- maybe clear over to foreign clime . ( neeley lust give she a " you be nut " look ; and she add matter - of - factly : ) it stink awful , do not it ? neeley yeah . francie I bet that 's the worst stink in the whole world , do not you ? neeley I do not know . I can not remember everything I smell . they pick up they sack and move on ; the view move with they . neeley you know what , I be goin ' to get a job cleanin ' up over to the fight . skinny 's cousin 's doin ' that and you would ought to see alla stuff he find -- joolry and pocketbook and alla candy he can eat . francie thou talkest very big . neeley you talk crazy . francie I do not . I talk like God talk . neeley how do you know how God talk ? francie well , it 's in the Bible , and I guess it 's his Bible be not it , and so that 's the way he talk . neeley aw , you talk crazy . neeley change the subject rather than admit defeat . they have reach a old stable which carry the sign " carney' , good price for junk . " Beyond they , inside the old barn , carney can be see weigh out the junk that some of the child have bring in . neeley stop francie and address she with male authority . neeley now look , stand on the same side as he when he weigh it so 's he can reach you ; and do not forget to stand there after he pay you , you forget that last time , and a penny 's a penny , be not it ? francie well , I guess I know it be . neeley ( triumphantly ) well , all right then . as francie start drag the sack inside , a boy who have sell he junk come out past they . " rag picker , rag picker ! " he jeer . but neeley pass this insult , be more interested in watch francie . francie drag the sack in and get next in line . carney be pay off the kid who precede she , count penny into he hand . kid ( start to protest ) look -- carney ( interrupt ) shut you trap . I say what thing weigh around here . who 's next ? the kid subside and go out . francie move up . carney ( see she ) oh , hello , little girl . francie give he a mechanical smile in answer . his manner be somehow different with girl . he dump out the content of the junk sack , start to sort and weigh they . francie shoot a look at neeley . he motion she to edge closer . and as she obey , carney finish the weigh . carney you do pretty good . nine cent . he count the penny into she hand . francie stay there . carney chuckle a little and reach out and pinch she cheek . have do this , he bring forth another penny . francie 's hand be out immediately . -- neeley be well - satisfied . carney and there you be , a extra penny because you be a nice little girl . the very matter - of - factness of all this be somehow worse than if it be a ordeal to francie . the moment she have the penny , she run out and join neeley . his manner be approve . neeley that 's better . gosh , I wisht carney like to pinch boy . francie nine , and my pinchin ' penny . that 's five for we , and five for the bank . neeley now wait a minute . the pinchin ' penny do not count , it 's yours by rights . francie well , I do not know , neeley , if you get something ' it count , do not it ? neeley sure it do not . look , half what we get for the junk be for the bank , that 's what mama say , be not it ? francie well , yes , but -- neeley well , we do not get that penny for junk , we get it for pinchin' , so it 's yours , so there be not use in talkin ' any more about it . francie well -- neeley anyway that leave nine , do not it , and now you tell I how we be goin ' to divide nine in half , go ahead . francie well , we could put -- neeley you can not do it , not without splittin ' a penny in two , and then it would not be any good . so we get a extra penny , and by rights it 's mine , cause you already get one . francie but neeley , mama say -- neeley all right , wisenheimer , you show I how to split a penny ! francie well , I guess -- well , maybe the next time it do not come even the bank get it -- neeley sure , be not that just what I be sayin ' . and that leave eight -- two more for I , two for you , and four for the bank . ( francie divide the penny ) you see , it come out just right . I do not see why you get to be so dumb . he lead the way as they start on down the street , while other child come up with some junk . francie and neeley ( as scornfully as they be yell at ) rag picker ! rag picker ! as they go on down the street the scene dissolves to the exterior of cheap charlie be , a neighborhood store , one of the place where the boy hang out . -- francie and neeley come down the street , kick a little block of wood down the sidewalk , and try to keep it on the sidewalk . the game automatically cease as they come to the door of the shop . neeley now wait a minute ! do not go in like you be with I . francie well , hurry up then . neeley swagger in and in a moment francie follow he into cheap charlie be . neeley join some boy before a form of punchboard , the prize hang on the wall -- a few good one -- a catcher 's mitt , a pair of roller skate , a doll . this be the sort of place that be the forerunner to the poolhall where the boy will hang out when they be older . one of the boy puff a cigarette self - consciously . -- francie linger near the cash register . -- one of the boy have just take a chance on the board and be open the envelope . clamor of voice fourteen ! a pencil ! it 's a gip ! looka the sucker think he can win somep and ! gimme a drag , Red . get away , I get dib on butt . neeley dive for the board immediately and pull a number . neeley twenty -six ! ( he look at the board ) a penwiper ! cheap charlie Prize or candy , mister ? neeley candy -- a lickorish whip . Charlie hand he one , which neeley wrap around he wrist . Charlie start toward the register to wait on francie , but keep a eye on the boy . boy it 's a gip ! aw , there be not no number for they good prize ! cheap charlie ( as he pass they ) all of life 's a gamble , gentleman , you never win if you do not keep on takin ' chance . ( come to francie ) what 's yours , young lady ? francie ( count out five penny onto the counter ) Change to a nickel , please . cheap charlie well , I will get fat on that kind of business . but he grudgingly take the penny and give she a nickel from the cash register . she slip out without answer , and cheap Charlie look after she a second before he start back to the boy . francie hurry down the street . a group of girl be play pottsie -- a form of hopscotch -- on some mark - out square on the sidewalk . francie have to pass near they . girl hi , francie . how much do you get ? want to play , francie ? francie ( hurry past they ) I can not . I be in a hurry . this dissolves to a five and ten cent store , where francie be see wander languidly down a aisle . she be in the midst of the beauty of the world . her long to be here be not at all the desire for acquisition ; there be nothing wistful or envious about she . be here be complete fulfillment . she pause a time or two to look at or touch something as if she be in fairyland . -- a floorwalker observe she curiously . -- unaware of he , she continue to look she way down the counter . she be fascinate by a pile of color bathing cap and pick one up tentatively . a salesgirl step up and francie put it down quickly . -- the floorwalker step up to she . floorwalker do you want something , young lady ? francie ( with great dignity , open she hand to display the nickel ) I be merely look , thank you . I get a right . I get money . her confidence that the money justify she be there be complete . she go on she way . her attitude rather than the nickel defeat the floorwalker . he look after she as she stop again to look at something and then move on unhurriedly to the door . francie emerge from the store replete with the fulfillment of the adventure . she give a deep and happy sigh , then start down the street . she have only go a few foot when a fragrance strike across she dream world and penetrate to she healthy child 's stomach . the stomach win hand down over the dream . her manner change completely as she turn to the window and see the candy . she look at it for a moment and go in . Inside the candy store , francie press close to the case to make she important choice . the proprietor come up . francie ( decide ) Three cent worth of peppermint drop , please . the proprietor be not particularly pleased by the magnitude of the sale but reach for a sack as the scene dissolves to the STREET . the bag of candy in one hand , she mouth full of peppermint , francie be absorbedly try to avoid step on the crack in the sidewalk . francie ( to herself ) step on a crack , break you mother 's back . she pause to readjust the peppermint drop in she mouth . you do not chew this , and if you suck they just right they last longer . in the midst of this process of careful adjustment , she hear the shrill yell of some boy , and look off she see a car track where neeley and a gang of boy be put a tin can on the track so that the streetcar will smash it . -- francie come into the scene and watch . boy ( see the car approach ) here she come ! cheese it ! they tear to the sidewalk . -- the streetcar roll over the tin can without a tremor . -- the boy emerge cautiously , as though they have do something very dare . boy that ole can 's mashed good and flat . Boy , do you see the look on that motorman 's face . that ole car come near jumpin ' the track , I bet . they retrieve the can and study it . francie ( from the sidewalk ) neeley , we get to go home . the boy turn . they be aware of she for the first time . neeley be in a spot , in be tell what to do by a mere girl . neeley ( uncomfortably ) beat it . francie ( firmly ) mama say . boy ( derisively ) mama say ! go on , we do not want no skirt around ! look who 's get to do what he mama say ! neeley be definitely in a spot . key by the situation , one of the boy get a new idea . he stagger as if drunk . boy ( walk drunkenly ) look at I , I be neeley 's old man . there be laughter . both nolan stiffen . they be together now . neeley unwind what be leave of the licorice whip and give it to francie to hold . neeley ( ready for battle ) do that again ! boy do what ? -- auggie push I . neeley go on , I dare you . auggie he do not say nothin' . it 's a free country , be not it ? neeley I never say it be not . first boy then the sidewalk 's free , too ! neeley I guess what I be standin ' on be mine while I be standin ' on it . auggie then I guess what he 's standin ' on be he . first boy sure , and I can do what I want to on it . neeley well , let he come over on my piece and say something ' , I dare he . boy well , who want you old piece ? neeley well then , do not talk like you be on my piece . boy well , who want to . neeley well , all right , then . this procedure do not make much sense but it seem to satisfy the immediacy . neeley be victorious . with a lordly air he walk over to francie and take back he licorice whip and start to wind it around he arm again . neeley ( to francie ) come on . they start down the sidewalk together and the scene dissolves to the tenement hall as francie and neeley come up the stair to where Katie , they mother , be on she knee beside a bucket , scrubbing the floor . katie Heaven 's sake , be it that late already ? I will have to leave this stair go till later . she get to she foot . francie ( show the penny ) four cent . katie pretty good . dump the bucket , neeley . neeley ( tentatively ) mama , can I -- katie no. bring the bucket and dump it . ( start up the stair ) it 's the day for the insurance collector . I do not want he to catch I lookin ' like this . they go up the stair , neeley struggle with the bucket . they pass a blowzy woman go down with a basket on she arm . woman hot , be not it ? katie yes , but Christmas will be here before you know it . woman I get enough trouble without thinkin ' about that . they go on down the hall toward the flat at the back . neeley disappear into the lavatory to dump the bucket . -- Katie stop at the door to search for they key . a boy , henny gaddis , come out of the door across the hall . katie how 's you sister today , henny ? henny ( matter -of -factly ) poorly , thank you . just as he answer , neeley come up with the bucket . his answer mean so little to he that almost simultaneously henny kick the bucket out of neeley 's hand . it clatter to the floor . henny beat it and neeley give chase . Katie unlock the door just as flossie , henny 's sister , appear in the doorway . she be pathetically thin , with dark , luminous eye ; and be dress unlike any other occupant of the tenement in a soft , feminine dress . she be very conscious of the dress as she smile shyly at they . katie why , hello , flossie dear . flossie hello , Mrs. nolan . ( then , shyly ) do not -- do not you notice something ' ? katie ( not get it ) why , seem to I you look mighty well . much better , do not she , francie ? flossie no , I do not , I do not -- this be not what she want to hear . she slam the door shut quickly . the sound of cough can be hear . Katie stare at the door for a second without understanding and then unlock she own door and go in . the nolan kitchen as Katie and francie enter : the kitchen be the most use room of the flat . -- they cook and eat and live here . it be bare but clean and neat . it have a iron stove . a fire escape can be see past the window . Beyond this we get a glimpse of the scraggly tree in the yard . katie ( as she cross to the bedroom ) heat up the coffee while I fix up . francie start to make the fire . neeley appear in the doorway , triumphantly , with henny meekly carry the bucket . he set it down inside the kitchen . neeley ( victoriously ) that 's better . neeley push henny outside and shut the door . be always hungry , neeley start to look for something to fill in until dinner be ready and find a few crumb in a cracker box on the table . as he do so , he see the four penny where francie have put they down . he stare at they a moment , and a idea take shape in he mind . neeley Mom ! katie ( from the bedroom ) yes , neeley . neeley ( craftily ) Mom , if there be a rule about somethin' , that do not mean you could not do something ' else once in a while , I mean if it be important , do it ? katie ( offscene ) no , neeley . neeley if it be important , I mean , people could change they mind about somethin' , and it 's all right , be not it ? katie ( still offscene ) yes , I guess so . neeley well , mom , I be just thinkin' , you know I never smoke cigarettes because you say I must not , even if some of the feller make fun of I . I do not but , it 's be kinda hot lately , and -- katie ( interrupt , quite pleasant about it ) neeley , you can not have any of that penny to buy a ice-cream cone . they go in the bank , same as usual . neeley give this a quick , startle reaction . how in the world do Katie know what he be try to do before he really get to he point ? it be a distinct letdown . -- francie , busy at the stove , smile at he reaction . katie ( from another room ) bring them in here , neeley . dutifully neeley pick they up and start for the other room , and the scene cut to the bedroom , which be small , with a lumpy double bed and a old bureau with a wall mirror . Katie be primp before the mirror , and you have to be rather careful to look in the right place or it will distort . neeley enter with the penny . Katie go to the closet , and neeley follow she . -- the closet contain very little in the way of clothes . the condense milk can , use as a bank , be nail to the floor . katie half of everything we get go into the bank . that 's the way it be , and that 's the way it 's go to stay . now put them in there . neeley ( obey ) gosh , I bet we get about a hundred dollar in that ole bank by now ! Katie come out of the closet and return to the mirror . katie ( dryly ) nine 's more like it . there be a sound outside of a limb of a tree split . at this the scene cut to the kitchen where francie have turn from the stove in time to see the limb outside the window sway and disappear from view . francie mama -- they be cut the tree ! neeley tumble into the kitchen follow by Katie carry she hairbrush . they crowd behind francie at the window to look out . look out the window from they angle , we see two man saw the limb off the tree . Katie stare at it a moment . katie oh , that 's too bad , it be kind of pretty there , and the bird sittin ' in it sometimes like they do . francie papa love that tree . katie ( abruptly ) oh , quit moonin ' over it , it get in the way of the wash . a tree be not goin ' to put no penny in the bank . she start for the bedroom . francie be mildly bewilder by this sudden change . Katie be a little sorry for she abruptness , but before she can say anything there be a knock on the door . katie it 's Mr. barker . get out the saucer and give it a wipe . I think there 's match in it . ( then , as a small apology for she outbreak ) if -- if you want you can stay in the room while he 's here . Katie hurry back into the bedroom . francie get the saucer out , set it down , and then hurry to the door to admit Mr. barker . Mr. barker be a kindly enough little man , rather old , but with the soul of a busybody . he be a important visitor , since in make he collection he see almost everyone , and be a sort of newspaper for the neighborhood gossip . consequently the nolan treat he with they best manners . francie ( with she best book - manners ) how do you do , Mr. barker . mama be temporarily detain , but will join you directly . neeley give she a wither look . mr. barker you get manners right out of a book , francie . ( to Katie as she enter ) and company or no company , Mrs. nolan always look the lady . you should see some of my people , even lady with husband that work steady -- he stop , realize this be not a very good point to bring up . Katie stiffen a little . katie ( with dignity ) wo not you come in the parlor and have a cup of coffee . mr. barker that I will , and you hospitality be very kind , Mrs. nolan . they start for the parlor . Mr. barker bow gallantly for Katie to precede he through the door . she pause to take some coin out of a old cup on a shelf . francie automatically start to get the cup of coffee . the parlor be dark , small , and stuffy . it be seldom use . the couch that serve as francie 's bed be under the window . -- Katie and Mr. barker be follow by neeley . Mr. barker seat himself in the best chair , and take out he fountain pen to write the receipt . he talk steadily . mr. barker ( cheerfully ) well , old man gentry 's off to jail again . katie that 's too bad . mr. barker ( hurriedly ) but she 's keepin ' up he insurance just the same . katie and here 's ours -- ten cent for I , ten for Mr. nolan , a nickel for each of the child . mr. barker and you will never regret it . a fine funeral for every member of the family , heaven forbid . he be busy write the receipt as francie appear with the cup of coffee and can of condense milk . Mr. barker accept it and pour the condense milk lavishly . -- the nolan family watch fascinate as he continue to pour the milk . -- Mr. barker finally cease pour , and the nolan be relieved . he talk steadily as he do this . mr. barker thank you , francie . and you weekly receipt , Mrs. nolan . ( he give they to she ) now there 's one party , not far from here , I would not like to say who , that do not get no receipt this week . and not name any name , I will say that it 's a family that the angel of death have mark on its invitation list , heaven forbid . neeley henny say he sister 's get one leg in the grave . katie neeley ! mr. barker it will mean Potter 's field , most likely . well , that 's what people get , wastin ' good money to give she dress instead of insurance , dress that will last longer than she will . it all depend on what folk think be important . francie but papa say that sometimes -- katie that 's right , Mr. barker , it all depend on what folk think be important . mr. barker and how be Mr. nolan , be he work or not work , some tell I one thing , some another -- I do not listen . katie Mr. nolan bein ' a sing waiter , Mr. barker , and what you might call a artist , he work do not come steady like other people ' . but I be sure you will remember , when you talk to folk , that the nolan have always pay they insurance on the dot . francie give she mother a admire look for this defense of johnny . mr. barker ( retreate ) you surely do not think I would go around spreadin ' gossip about my client , Mrs. nolan ? katie oh , sure not . how be my mother , Mr. barker ? mr. barker in the prime , Mrs. nolan , fine as can be , she say to tell you she will be over tonight the same as usual . ( then , with relish ) and I trust you be happy with the news about you sister . Katie be instantly alert . it be quite evident that here be news she do not know , but she do not like to admit it . katie just which news do you mean , Mr. barker ? mr. barker well , it must be she 's savin ' it to surprise you with tonight when the family 's all here together . katie ( apprehensively ) I would take it kindly if you tell I what you mean . mr. barker ( warming to he work ) well , I trot around the same as usual to collect she weekly dime , and what do you think happen -- well , sir , she give I two dime . ( he pause for effect ) yessir , she 's do it again , she 's get herself a brand - new husband , and -- katie ( startle ) oh , no ! she break off abruptly . it be none of Mr. barker 's business that sissy have never be divorced from she last spouse . the child be fascinate . Mr. barker be in he element . Katie 's worry about the marriage will make a fine story indeed . mr. barker well , now , I suppose you mean about she still bein ' marry . I do not mind sayin ' the same think occur to I . but I be sure it must be all right , she must have make some arrangement , but -- katie I be quite sure she do , Mr. barker , I be sure that -- neeley ( fascinate ) do she call this one Bill , too ? his question make Katie sharply aware of the presence of the child . they should not be hearing such a discussion . katie you child run along now , and do the marketing . take some money from the cup -- neeley aw , but mom ! I want to hear about aunt sissy ! katie take the money and get a five - cent soup bone off of hassler 's ; do not get the chop meat from he though , he grind it behind close door , and heaven only know . go to Werner 's for the meat , get round steak chop , ten cent worth , and do not let he give it to you off the plate . take a onion with you and ask he to chop it in . and do not forget , just at the last , to ask for a piece of suet to fry it with . during this domestic discussion , Mr. barker do a little snooping . he try , with he finger , to see if there be any dust on the table , and be disappointed when there be none . then he move a small hassock with he foot and be delighted to discover , as he suspect , that it cover a hole in the carpet . the nolan be unaware of this . francie he will not always do that , mama , he -- katie tell he you mother say . and then go for the bread . neeley it 's Saturday , mom , can we -- katie all right , all right . ask for a nice pie , not too crush , and go on now and do it . francie ( reluctant to go ) mama , we know aunt sissy 's be marry before . neeley sure , I can remember two uncle bill . katie that 's nothing for you to talk about ; go on now and get thing do . reluctantly they leave . Katie turn back to Mr. barker . katie you get no right , Mr. barker , to be carryin ' tale about my sister as though there be something ' wrong . she 's funny some way , maybe , but she would not do nothin ' wrong . so I would like it if you do not talk to anybody about it like it be . mr. barker ( lie , of course ) Strike I dead if I would ever think of mentionin ' it to anybody but you . katie ( dryly ) yeah , sure , I know . ( she sit down ) well , you might as well go on and tell I what you do know . no point in my bein ' the only one that do not hear it . mr. barker ( eagerly start he story ) well -- the scene dissolves to werner' butcher shop , with francie and neeley in front of the counter . Werner be wait on they . werner ten cent worth of round steak . you want it ground ? francie no . werner you be sure now ? be not twenty minute ago I ground that whole plateful fresh . francie no , thank you . Werner take some chunks of meat out of the case and start to wrap they . francie oh , I forget . my mother want it ground . werner ( give she a dirty look ) you do not tell I ! the child make no answer . he give a angry exclamation and give up -- start to grind the meat . francie reach timidly across the counter with she onion . francie mama say to chop up this onion in it . werner oh , she do ! but he take the onion angrily and put it in the grinder with the meat . he start again to wrap the ground product . at this point francie take a deep breath and blurt out the last instruction . francie and-a-piece-of-suet-to-fry-it-with - mama-said . Werner stand for a moment as though turn to stone . werner sweet jumpin' Christopher ! but he take the piece of suet and put it on top of the meat as he fold the paper around it . the nolan have win . this dissolves to hassler' butcher shop . neeley be peer through the window to watch francie , on the inside , make she purchase . he be take pain to keep himself and the package of ground meat out of sight . Inside the butcher shop , hassler , a kindly man , be exhibit a husky - look soup bone before he wrap it up for francie . hassler ai not that a beauty , though ? now you tell you mama when she cook it , tell she to take the marrow out and spread it on a piece of bread for you . that 's good , and you need to get some meat on you bone . ( he laugh at this joke as he slap the package down ) and here . ( he slice off a thin slice of liverwurst and offer it to francie ) do I a favor -- try this and see if you think it 's all right for my customer . he be " thin-make " cover up a good deed and francie know it . she take the slice of liverwurst and taste it . francie yes , sir . hassler well , that 's fine . now you finish that before you get home . how 's you papa ? francie he 's fine , sir ! francie exit , hassler smile after she . outside the butcher shop , francie join neeley and they start down the street . she break the piece of liverwurst in two and give neeley half . he wolf it . neeley free ? francie ( move by the kindliness of the world ) he make out he want I to tell he do it taste all right . ( she blurt out with sudden passion : ) I wish we could buy all we meat from hassler 's . I wish he do not grind he meat behind close door . neeley well , you do not have to bawl about it . francie be not really cry , but she could . this dissolves to the exterior of losher' bakery and stale bread store . a sign read " not quite fresh bread , 2 loave for 5 '' . " a long queue be wait patiently for the door to open . the scene move to the bakery window next door where francie and neeley , meat package tuck under they arm , be gaze longingly into the window at a huge chocolate cake on display . francie you know , mama think we do not know anything . neeley ( get the drift at once ) yeah , she act like we be kid or somethin' . ( they edge along to a platter of cream puff and stare ) I bet she have a fight with aunt sissy tonight . francie it 's get something to do with man who like aunt sissy too much . neeley papa say we would ought to make everybody like we . francie I guess maybe lady should not . ( then , thoughtfully ) maybe aunt sissy would n'ta change husband so much if any of she baby have live . she 's crazy about baby . neeley look who 's talkin ' about baby ! a lot you know ! francie I know as much as you do ! neeley you do not know nothin' . francie you think you be so smart . boy make I sick ! neeley well , what do ya think girl make people , you think -- but there be a sudden interrupt shout from the crowd as the stale bread store door be throw open and the people push forward . francie and neeley , they argument forget at once , adjust they package and stalk toward the entrance . they eye flash with the light of battle , like a fighter advance across the ring to engage he opponent . at the entrance the crowd be press forward . a kid dash out of nowhere to the head of the line and worm he way through the door . this seem to be the signal for the disappearance of all semblance of order . neeley fight he way in ; francie follow through the hole make by he . the crowd be storming the counter behind which two harass clerk dole out the bread and collect the money . ad lib two loaf ! I be first ! four loaf ! quit shovin ' ! neeley squirm , push , fight he way to the counter ; francie be right behind he . neeley six loaf . francie and a pie not too crush ! this dissolves to the nolan kitchen where the child be just dump they package onto the table . this mark the end of they chore , and the beginning of that part of the day which be theirs . Katie examine the bread . katie this bread 's fine . I would not be surprised if it be not more and three day old . neeley be that all , Mom ? can we go now ? katie yes -- you be free . neeley bolt for he room and francie for the parlor , while Katie start to put the thing away . in a moment neeley reappear with a baseball glove , and head for the door . francie emerge more quietly with a library book . katie where 's the fire ? neeley ( on he way ) there 's a dodger scout around . he disappear and the door bang behind he . katie ( to francie ) where you goin ' ? francie oh , no place much . katie well , do not go dream walkin ' crossin ' the street . francie be go too , and as Katie smile after they the scene dissolves to the exterior of the public library . it 's a rather small library , but it have dignity . francie hurry down the street , she attitude and pace change as she arrive . she stop a moment , then start slowly and reverently to mount the shallow step as the scene dissolves through to the interior . francie enter into the hush of the room , the door close soundlessly behind she and she advance to the librarian 's desk . a few people be read at the table or be at the stack . at the desk she offer she book . the librarian take the card , stamp it mechanically , return it without once look at she . francie meantime have reverently touch the blue bowl with yellow flower and the polished desk . now she take she card and almost tiptoe to the shelf . the librarian stack the return book ; we see it be by brown . francie , pass the shelf , linger at the c's . then she turn dutifully to the B 's , run she finger through the browning , and choose the volume which come next . she go back to the desk . at the desk , she offer the B book . the librarian stamp mechanically , then notice the title : burton 's anatomy of melancholy , and for the first time look curiously at francie . librarian burton 's anatomy of melancholy ! be you sure you want this ? francie yes , mar 'am . librarian do not you think it 's a trifle over you head ? francie yes , mar 'am -- I mean , yes , mar 'am . librarian well , why do you select it ? francie well , I -- I read all the author that far , all the one that begin with a and then the B author up to burton . it 's next . librarian you do not mean you be try to read you way straight through the library ? francie yes , mar 'am . librarian but a book like that , you will only be confuse and -- francie please , I want to go on , through the alphabet -- I want to get to know everything in the world . the librarian stare at she a moment . it be evident that francie mean it . librarian well , all right . ( she mark the book -- then before she hand it to francie she add :) only -- look , do something for I , will you -- take another one too -- here , lavender and Old lace -- just for fun . it 's Saturday . I will have a headache think about you wrestle with the anatomy of melancholy all weekend . will you ? francie ( smile shyly ) yes , mar 'am . the librarian mark the book and francie start out with it , the librarian smile after she . this dissolves to the yard of the nolan tenement in the afternoon . the tree , shorn of its limb , stand like a scarecrow . a man be mount on a ladder rety the clothesline . woman hang from the window give free advice and gossipe . women a little to the leave , Mrs. crackenbox ! you think I want for Mrs. wittely 's baby - clothes to drip on my good sheet ? why do not you try oil of clove ? nothin ' will not make she stop , she 's cuttin ' she tooth . didja hear old man hammerslaw take out last night ? they would oughta make the stair wider or the coffin narrower ... mix with this be the sound of a baby cry and the shout of kid . the camera move steadily past this bedlam and up to the second - floor rear fire - escape outside the nolan window , to discover francie , completely oblivious to all the noise , eat peppermint and have " fun " cry pleasurably over the sorrow of she book . the bedlam continue over she but she hear nothing . she come to a pause place where it be just too beautiful to go on , close the book , and sit reveling in its tragedy -- but manage to take another peppermint through the tear . -- suddenly she head lift as she hear sing , faint at first , then stronger . it be she father 's voice , sing " Molly malone . " as soon as she be sure , she be galvanize into action and scramble toward the kitchen . the kitchen : francie rush to the door and throw it open as the sing come closer . she get it open before the last line be finish , and johnny , she father , be reveal . this be a game of long - stand , to try to get the door open before he finish the last line . johnny hold out he arm and francie fling herself into they joyfully . francie I win . I win ! johnny laugh and hold she for a moment . johnny be nice - look , debonair . he be a free soul who could give and take superb happiness if only the world contain no economic problem , no responsibility beyond the joy of live . it be not so much that he shirk the responsibility of a family man , as that he simply can not cope with they . he be man enough to be bitterly ashamed of he weakness , but not quite man enough to overcome it . the truth be that johnny have never quite grow up . his charm and he gift of play be something like that of a child . his mood be extravagant and volatile , like a child 's . he wear the only suit he possess -- a shabby tuxedo , badge of he trade , with it a derby , jauntily wear . at the moment he be in a very high mood because he have a job for tonight , so that momentarily he feel more like the head of he house than he ordinarily do . johnny well now , I would not be so sure o' that if I be you . francie but I do , I get it open before you finish , that 's the rule ! johnny but I come up one flight two step at a time before I remember . do not that make a difference ? francie no sir , the rule -- johnny and in a manner of speakin ' , you never stop I at all , because my heart keep right on singin ' . francie oh , papa , you be joke . johnny well , maybe I will let you get away with winnin ' this time , prima donna . ( look around ) and where 's you beautiful mama ? francie finish the hall . she must be up on the top floor or she would have hear you . unconsciously and almost imperceptibly , johnny relax . he be instinctively more at ease with francie than with Katie . johnny well , in that case you would better be gettin ' busy . why be not you layin ' out my clothes ? francie you be always makin ' fun , papa , you know you have not any more clothes . johnny what 's this , then ? francie a tie . johnny what 's this ? francie a dickey . johnny and this ? francie a apron . johnny they 's clothes , be not they ? and you would better be gettin ' that apron irone . francie oh , papa , you have get a job for tonight ? johnny ( savore he good news ) do you see the palm o' that hand ? that 's right where I get the world , tonight . francie where be it , papa ? johnny klommer 's -- big wedding party . there will be lot of tip . francie sing or wait ? johnny both . francie oh , papa , maybe tonight will be it , maybe he will he there , the impresario , and he will hear you and put you on the stage . johnny why not , be not I the Brooklyn thrush ? only if that 's the case , have not you better be gettin ' that apron irone ? francie I will have it in a jiffy , papa . and the coffee 's on . johnny that 's my prima donna . ( then , teasing she ) " I have get a lassie , a bonny , bonny lassie , she 's as fair as -- as - - " he pretend not to remember . francie ( fuss ) oh , papa , I can not sing . johnny come on , you be holdin ' up the singin' . francie ( shyly ) " as fair as the flower in the dell -- " johnny better singin ' I never hear . francie ( shyly ) I love to iron for you , papa . johnny ( pour the coffee and bring it down to the table ) you know , a day like this be like somebody givin ' you a present , everything just right . I wonder how do folk get on before coffee be invent . ah , the world would be a fine place if -- ( he get away from this think as quickly as possible ) prima donna , do you know you be gonna make a mighty nice wife for somebody some day . francie oh , papa ! johnny ( teasing ) and pretty , too -- that be if you nose do not grow crooked . francie could it really -- honest ? johnny ah , it 's the prettiest nose in Brooklyn . francie oh , papa , it be not ! johnny who say it be not ? you just tell I who say so and I will take care of he . francie papa , you be crazy . johnny you know something ' else , you be not gonna be ironin ' like that no more when that impresario come around . thing be gonna be different around here , you wait and see . francie yes , papa . johnny what 's the wish you wish the most , when we ship come sailin ' in ? francie ( not look at he ) it already come true . johnny what be it , baby ? ( she iron , and will not look at he ) come on , tell I now . francie I -- I wish when you come home today , you would not be -- sick . johnny ( move ) who tell you to call it sick , baby ? ( then , try to get away from this ) ah , now , you should not be wastin ' wish like that ; you ought to be savin ' they for a silk dress or somethin' . have not you get a better wish than that ? francie ( hesitantly ) well -- johnny come on . francie I wish mama will not be too mad with aunt sissy . johnny what about aunt sissy ? francie she 's go and get herself a new husband again . johnny ( laugh ) no ! if there be not a woman for you -- if one husband do not suit she , she keep right on lookin ' for the best . uh -- what do you mama say ? francie well -- she do not like it . johnny yeah , I would not be surprised . francie could not you -- sort of say something to mama , not to be too mad . johnny why , sure I could , prima donna -- and I will . francie oh , thank you , papa . johnny now be not you get a real wish -- one just for you ? francie well -- do you see it , papa ? johnny what ? francie out the window -- we tree , they have kill it . he cross to the window , and she follow . johnny ( look out ) well , look at that now . francie ( fiercely ) they do not have any right to kill it , do they , papa ? johnny ( sense how serious it be with she ) wait a minute now , they have not kill it . why , they could not kill that tree ! francie honest ? johnny why sure , baby . now look , do not you tell I that tree 's goin ' to lay down and die that easy . you look at that tree , see where it 's comin ' from -- right up out of the cement . do not anybody plant it , it do not ask the cement could it grow , it just could not help growin ' so much it push that ole cement right out of the way . when you be bustin ' with something ' like that , can not anybody stop it . like that little ole bird , listen to he -- ( he imitate a bird ) he do not ask nobody can he sing . he do not take no lesson , he 's just so full of singin ' it 's get to bust out someplace . why , they could cut that tree way down to the ground and the root would shove up some place else in the cement . just you wait until next spring , and you will see , prima donna . ( they eye meet and francie 's worry be laid to rest ) well , now , this be not earnin ' the family bread . ( he get he hat and brushes it carefully with he sleeve ) have not you get one little wish that 's just for you ? francie no , papa I -- I just -- johnny just what ? francie I just love you so much , papa ! she cling to he , tightly . johnny hold she . johnny ( gently , move ) well , what do you know . listen , if I get a lot of tip tonight , you know what I be gonna do ? I be gonna put two buck on a horse I know runnin ' Monday . I will win ten , then I will put the ten on another horse . if I use my head and have any luck , maybe I will run it up to five hundred . then you know what I be gonna do ? francie what , papa ? johnny I be gonna take you on a trip , just you and I , on a regular train . maybe we will go down South , and see where the cotton grow . you know , " down where the cotton blossom blow . " to make she laugh , he do a little step with this . johnny ( very gently ) you be a nice girl , baby . come on , we better go tell you mama the news about my job . he put he derby on at a rakish angle , and francie give he the package with the apron . they go out together . -- we then see they in the hall . johnny be feel very good indeed , and he deliberately turn on the charm as he call up the stair . johnny ( call ) anybody see johnny nolan 's wife ? he start gayly up , francie look after he , adoringly , and the scene cut to the upper hall where Katie be on she knee on the stair , scrubbing she way down . she be slightly apprehensive as she look down quickly . katie johnny ! you all right ? johnny ( come up the stair ) and why would not I be , marry to the most beautiful woman in williamsburg , Brooklyn ? katie ( relieved ) you be shoutin ' it so , they will hear you over to Manhattan . johnny do not you get fresh with I tonight ! happens I be workin ' at klommer 's -- big weddin ' party . Katie be pleased in a maternal way , but value the news for what it be -- a one - night job -- whereas to johnny it change the complexion of he world and ought to change she world . to Katie he enthusiasm be a old , and now a somewhat humorous , story ; she humor be a necessary defense against disappointment . katie I think you be kinda extra dressy ! well , look like you will not get home before the sun come up . johnny the later the better ; the more tip the more fine silk stocking for my wife 's pretty leg . katie ( smile ) silk stockin 's be just what I need . she turn away to go on work . a man come up the stair past they and a couple of tenant look out from they door to see what 's go on . a audience always inspire johnny . johnny just a minute , Mrs. nolan . do not you think you better kiss I for luck ? katie the whole house be lookin ' ! johnny who care ! ( but he draw she back , then speak softly : ) this be the best job I have in a couple a month . maybe I will get more , from tonight . he put he arm around she . she pretend to be out of patience with he , but she be pleased . none of the other woman in the tenement get treat like this by they husband . katie you better get on then , good job do not wait -- johnny a job 's no good without you kiss I . she let he kiss she , and be warm in spite of herself . then she give he a playful push , and speak almost ruefully . katie well , you still get a way with you , johnny nolan ! go on now , before you know it that folk at the weddin ' will be a old marry couple . johnny before you know it , I will not go at all . theirs be not the only weddin ' that count . katie ( smile ) put you hat on now and get out of here before somebody else cop that job ! he put he hat on jauntily , grin , and come to the head of the stair . but he catch francie 's eye fix on he from the bottom . he turn back to Katie , outwardly jaunty but actually a bit awkward . johnny ( hesitantly ) oh -- francie tell I sissy 's go and do it again . do not -- I mean , maybe he 's a nice fellow -- do not be too hard on she , huh ? katie ( dryly ) they have all be nice fellow . beat it now , johnny . a little lamely , johnny turn away . he be glad to have this over with . his jauntiness return . he tip he hat to Katie elaborately . johnny that 's just a sample , madam . if you like my stock , drop I a card and I will be around again . Katie have to smile . johnny start down the stair , pretend to be aware for the first time of he small audience . he tip he hat again . johnny oh -- evening , folk . at the foot of the stair francie , delighted by the whole scene , slip she hand into he and accompany he proudly . -- the view move with they and " pick up " flossie gaddis , still in she pretty dress , shy and wistful in she doorway . when she see he , she start to smile . johnny stop . johnny well , will you look at we beautiful princess tonight , in a brand new gown . flossie ( shyly , but infinitely pleased ) it 's make out of silk . johnny why , let 's see . silk ! why , do not you tell I that -- that dress be make out of flower petal and bird ' wing and a little old piece of cloud . anybody could tell that ! flossie laugh softly , and it be beautiful to see . johnny laugh too , pat she head and start on . -- francie 's reaction mark she worship of this father of hers . the scene move on again as they go on down the stair . they pass two old lady who be stand in the doorway . on the door be a sign : piano and vocal . johnny ( tipping he hat ) even miss lizzie , miss maggie . the miss tynmore we wish you well , Mr. nolan . johnny thank you , lady . even , Mr. Spencer . mr. spencer ( go up stair ) work tonight , johnny ? johnny sure , big weddin ' party . they pass through the front door and on to the street . we get a glimpse of Katie look down for a moment after johnny . her face show the mixture of she feeling . she sigh a little and turn back to work . the STREET : johnny and francie come down the front step , and what be , to she , a small triumphal march , continue . she hold onto he arm and be enormously proud . a couple of young girl be sit on the step . johnny ( tipping he hat again ) good evening , young lady . girl good evening , Mr. nolan . they giggle , a little flirtatiously . johnny be unaware but francie give they a look . her head go higher and she hold tighter to johnny 's arm . francie what do mama say about aunt sissy ? johnny do not you worry -- it will be all right . you aunt sissy 's a fine woman , francie . suddenly he stop at the window of the hardware shop as they pass it . johnny look at all the thing they get . no use talkin' , some day I be gonna get you they skate . francie ( maternally ) mama say not to be late , papa . johnny God invent time , prima donna , and whenever he invent something ' there 's always plenty of it . ( move down the window ) look at they knife ! francie ( gravely ) mama say time be money . johnny well , I guess maybe he be not worryin ' about money right then . francie ( a little worried ) there 's you car , papa . johnny ( look , and grin at she ) might as well catch it , I guess . he kiss she quickly and go toward the car . francie call " goodbye " after he and stand watch anxiously . johnny swing onto the car just as it start to move on . he smile back , then tip he hat with a fine flourish to francie . nobody but papa have ever yet tip he hat to she . she be so proud she eye glisten suspiciously . her concern be go and nothing be leave but worship . she wave till the car be out of sight . and the scene fade out . [ B ] the nolan kitchen fade in . it be evening . first we see francie set the table but more concerned with read she book , which be open on the table . then the scene pull back to reveal neeley wash at the sink , and Katie transfer the food from the stove to the table . katie now tomorrow this bread will make up real nice with a sauce of ketchup and coffee . use soap , neeley . Monday we will slice it and fry it in bacon fat and -- francie , you be not listen , put up that book . francie ( obey ) yes mama ... bacon fat . katie . Supper 's ready . she and francie sit while neeley , have splash he face with water , dry it with a dish towel , look over longingly . neeley oh boy , we will not have to play no North pole this week ! hey ! be I hungry ! he come to the table , start wolfing he food stand up . katie and when be not you ? francie mama . katie yes , francie . francie ( dreamily ) what do white mean ? katie just white , I guess . what do you mean , what do it mean ? neeley , sit down at you place . he sit down . francie well , what do girl always wear it for when they get marry , and when they be confirm , and when they graduate -- why do it always have to be white ? katie I do not know , somebody just start it I guess . lot of thing like that . francie will I have a white dress when I graduate ? katie we will see . neeley will probably need shoe by then . francie but mama . katie talk to he about it . if you can get he to quit always comin ' through he sole ... francie just because he 's a boy ... ( she change ; right out of she book ) all right , mama . I will gladly do without so my little brother can be happy with new shoe . neeley Little brother my eye , you -- katie that will do . ( to francie ) you read too much . the door suddenly burst open and aunt sissy come in -- but she give the impression of blow in , like a fresh breeze . she be a couple of year older than Katie , lively , completely natural , look not unlike a street - walker , but be actually a simple , direct , earthy woman . she carry some magazine . sissy well , hey , everybody ! the child ( with cry of delight ) aunt sissy , aunt sissy ! what do you bring we , aunt sissy ? they fly into she arm and she embrace they warmly , magazine , and all . sissy I brung myself , chickabiddy , be not that enough ! oh -- and a couple magazine from the dentist 's -- what do he need them for -- or I either , I can not read like my eddicate little niece here ! -- ( francie take the magazine , sissy look at Katie ) hello , Katie my darlin ' ! katie ( a little stiffly ) good evening , sissy . sissy ( get the fact that there 's a chill on ) well , you look fine , Katie . katie yes , I look fine . sissy ( with rueful humor ) who spill the bean -- oh , that 's right , I forget it be old barker 's day here . where 's johnny ? I be kinda countin ' on he to be in my corner ! katie oh , sure , you and johnny . sissy ( abruptly put she arm around Katie ) aw , look Katie , I do not tell you because I want to bring Bill around , but I could not , he 's home sleepin' , he 's a milkman , see ... ah listen , you be goin ' to wish I happiness , be not you ? katie naturally I wish you happiness -- this time , too . sissy oh , golly -- can not you just skip to the place where you forgive I . you be goin ' to before you be through , you know I will get around you in the end . why can not you just be human now and get it over with ? katie ( laugh in spite of herself ) well , I will say that much , there be not anybody in the world like you to get around a person -- unless it 's johnny . you better sit down , you be in time for pie . sissy now that 's more like it , that 's my kid sister talkin' . just coffee for I . I gotta get home soon and make breakfast for Bill . neeley Breakfast ? at night ? sissy yeah , be not it a riot . we sleep all day with the shade pull down to keep out the sun and the window shut to keep out the noise . it 's fun , you do not live like nobody else . katie ( dryly ) no , you sure do not . sissy easy on the whip , kid . ah , wait will you meet my Bill -- you and he will -- neeley would not you marry nobody that they be not name Bill , aunt sis ? katie she might not remember them if they be not . sissy ( laugh ) oh , Bill 's get some other name -- Steve I think it be -- but I always like Bill . a good man 's name with no stick - up about it . ah , like I say , you will be crazy about he , Katie . katie yeah ... but the question be , how will he and you get along ? ( genuinely troubled ) it 's wrong , sissy , it 's ... I mean , the other one , and -- sissy what 's wrong about it ? the other be wrong . what 's right about keepin ' on with a guy when you do not love each other any more ? katie but it be not just as easy as that , it -- francie ( earnestly - dreamily ) I think aunt sissy be right about when love be dead . katie ( to sissy ) now look what you start . it be not anything to talk about in front of they . every time you come around you fill they head with -- sissy all right , kid , you go on downstairs awhile . you mama 's get a spankin ' up she sleeve , and she be not gonna feel right till she give it to somebody . might as well get it over with . neeley and francie start out . francie turn at the door , a little worried about she aunt and mother . sissy you do not want to frown like that , snuggle - pup . the fellow do not go for that at all . her grin be contagious and francie be relieved . she follow neeley out . sissy turn back to Katie with a grin . sissy all right , kid , let 's have it , the work . I be a disgrace , you do not know what you be goin ' to do with I , you can not hardly face the neighbor with what they must be sayin ' , I be old enough to know better . -- go on , get it all off you chest , and then we can make up and forget about it . katie that 's right , talk you way out of it , and you probably will , too . what do mama say ? sissy oh , you know mama , she do not say much , but -- katie yeah , I know . ( imitate she mother ) " sissy be bad only where the man be concerned , but she be good in the heart . " ( she smile die ) but that be not it . you make I ashamed , sissy . folk get a right to talk , and the kid be bound to hear . it be not right for they . and you can get in trouble . you be not real sure what happen , and there 's law about thing like that . sissy look , Katie , so help I , this time it 's for keep . I be not even goin ' to look at another guy . and as for the last one , he can not be alive , or I would have hear from he . I be pretty good . Seven year be a long time for I to wait around , not bein ' marry -- they say seven year be all you have to wait , and I wait . where would I get the money for a divorce ? katie ( sissy be hopeless ) well , for the life of I , I do not know what you have talk yourself into -- but I get a feelin ' it be not right . sissy ( on the level ) look , kid , all I know be , it can not be wrong , or I could not feel like I do about it . I be dumb , sure -- but I know this much , if I feel bad about somethin' , it 's wrong , and if I feel good , it 's right . ah , you could not get it , Katie , you get all the break I never have -- you get the kid , and you get a guy you be clear overboard about . you be lucky . katie ( with a touch of bitterness ) yeah , I be that , all right . sissy sure , you be . and that make all the difference . you get something ' to stick to , you -- katie ( with a sudden flare she do not know be in she ) all right , and where do crazy over somebody get you ! it do not put no penny in the bank , it do not buy no clothes for the kid to go to school -- maybe you get it better , not stickin ' to one man . I wish I be not crazy over he sometimes -- sissy hey , Katie - - katie ( unconsciously she voice rise ) -- and I will not have the kid takin ' after he either , he and that dreamy way I use to think so much of -- not if I get to cut it right out of they heart ! there be a pause that mean a lot . Katie have not the least intention of say that . sissy stare at she . it be the first knowledge sissy have have that there be something deeply wrong between Katie and johnny . sissy hey , kid , what be you sayin ? katie nothing , I - - sissy yes you be , you be sayin ' plenty . what 's happen between you and johnny ? katie I do not know what I be sayin ' . I do not know what come over I . sissy well , look , hon , we better find out . sure , we get something ' to talk about now . katie no , I do not want -- sissy uh-uh , you be the kid sister , you listen now . look , you be awful crazy about johnny -- do not tell I , I see you : it be like every woman want to be with a guy . katie yeah , I know , but -- sissy all right , maybe johnny do not turn out just like you figure ; sure he drink and all , and you be the one have have to make most of the livin ' . but everybody 's get somethin' . and you be not crazy about johnny because he be goin ' to be a banker . it be on account of -- well , how he laugh , and how he could talk about thing , and -- and how you feel walkin ' down the street holdin ' on to he and havin ' other woman look at you -- and the way he have of sayin ' hello to everybody like -- like he be givin ' away somethin' . that 's what you be crazy about , and that be not change ; I do not know , they thing could not change in johnny , not even if he try , he 's just -- different . and that 's what you be crazy over . if there 's be any changin ' , maybe it 's you , kid . you still get all you be crazy over , be not you ? katie ( move , look away from sissy ) yeah , I -- sissy then you thank you lucky star for what you get , Katie nolan , and take the rest along with it . and take it from I , you get a lot , and do not think you have not . there be a pause . sissy really mean it . and it have move Katie enough to make she very near tear , but she would not show this for anything in the world . she manage a little grin . katie I might have know , startin ' out to take you apart , I would wind up with you workin ' I over . it be as close as she can come to acknowledge in word the truth of what sissy have say . but they eye meet , and there be a nice moment between they . this two sister like one another at that moment as well as they have in a long time . sissy Nice goin ' -- you be a nice girl , Katie . the warmth between they hold as the scene dissolves to the nolan tenement build : first we see neeley , bent over with he hand on he knee , play he 's a infielder . he 's play all by himself . he throw a small ball against the wall , feel it as it bounce back to he and tag out a imaginary runner on second base . he 's very intent on all this . evidently there 's some question about the decision . neeley speak to the imaginary umpire with righteous anger . neeley aw , he be out a mile , I tell you . do not give I that -- well , that 's better . evidently he win the argument with the umpire , because he be mollify and return to he field position . the camera pull back to reveal the front of the tenement just as sissy emerge from the front door . francie be sit quietly on one of the doorstep finger a pair of roller skate . a man and he wife be on the step higher up , and sissy have to step over they to get down . sissy ( cheerfully ) do not stir yourself , pal . she step over he with a grin . he grin in answer . the wife recognize sissy . sheila' mother ( stiffly ) we better go in , Alfred . sissy get it but do not care . francie look up eagerly , and neeley quit he hall game to come over to aunt sissy . neeley how would you come out , aunt sissy ? sissy ( grin ) no decision . it be a draw . ( she smile at they ) ah , you mom 's bark be worse than she bite -- you know . look , tell I somethin' , when papa 's home , I bet he and mama laugh a plenty , do not they -- you know , like they always do . neeley sure , pop can make anybody laugh when he want to , except when he 's drunk . francie sick , neeley , mama say to call it . neeley ( return to he ball game ) okay , sick then . funny , he be not like other guy when he get that way , he get all quiet . ( he tag another runner ) that will teach you to steal a base on , I guess . francie ( to sissy ) mama kind of do not want to , sometimes , but after a while mostly she do . sissy sure , I will tell you something ' you can do for I ; do all the laughin ' you can -- you know , keep everybody healthy . neeley okay . francie ( quote from a book again ) laughter be the sing of the angel . sissy you be a funny kid , head full of all they thing , kind of like you pop . neeley she tell lie like pop , too . francie ( quickly ) he do not tell lie . neeley well , I do not know what you would call it , he -- sissy ( averting war ) hey , time out , I have have enough battlin ' to last I today . ( then to change the subject ) where would you get the skate ? francie oh , they be not ours . papa say he be go to get we some though . neeley aw , he do not mean it , he just say that and I would like to know what you call that if it be not lie . francie he do so mean it , neeley nolan . sissy easy , now . ( to francie ) kind of like you papa , do not you , lamb ? francie he do mean it , do not he , aunt sissy ? sissy sure he mean it , hon , he mean it -- every word . only -- well , sometimes thing , you know , happen . but it kind of be not he fault , he -- ( realize she be become more and more involved she change the subject ) I tell you what -- let 's make out johnny give you they skate like he say , and they be yours , it will not hurt nobody . francie but aunt sissy , we could not , it -- sissy no sense thing stand around and nobody use they . she start to strap the skate on . neeley leave he ball game to come over for this new excitement . neeley hey , can I put them on next ? sissy all right , now . take it easy . francie laugh in high enjoyment as sissy steady she . the front door of the tenement fly open and the little girl , who be the owner of the skate , show up . sheila hey , you come back here with my skate . mama ! sissy it 's all right honey , we be not gonna hurt them . Sheila 's mother appear . she 's the woman who be sit on the step . sheila ma , they steal my skate . the child 's father appear in the doorway . the woman advance down the step . sheila' mother you bring they back . you put they kid up to it , you -- sissy ( face she ) easy now , nobody 's hurt . I only borrow them . sheila' father ( mildly ) she be not go off with they , effie , just -- sheila' mother ( to she husband ) do not you take up for that woman like that , you -- sissy ( smile at the husband ) you poor little guy , you get to put up with that all the time ? the clamor of the argument have bring forth other neighbor . woman ( horn in ) ask she whose husband she would like to borrow . sheila ( to francie ) my mother say you aunt 's get dyed hair . neeley ( belligerently ) yeah ! a kid hey , the cop ! the hubbub cease . mcshane , a rather young and nice look cop , come in . mcshane come on , break it up , break it up now , take it easy . sissy ( smile full at he ) well . I be sure glad you come along , handsome . you look like you ought to be able to whip a bunch of woman into line . mcshane ( make no response to she impertinence ) that 's fine , but maybe somebody better tell I what all the excitement 's about . sheila' mother she try to steal my little girl 's skate . woman she try to vamp she husband . francie we only borrow they for just a minute , honest . sissy that 's right , there be not nobody use them , and a little fun and frolic on a Saturday never hurt anybody . I will bet you know all about that , do not you ? mcshane it 's kind of you to ask , but I be afraid I do not , lady . sissy ( study he ) you mean it , too , do not you . yeah , I should have know you be not the type . that 's kind of nice , handsome . sheila' mother if you think you be goin ' to get out of it makin ' eye at the law -- sheila you aunt 's goin ' to the station house , you aunt 's goin ' to the station house ! bedlam break loose again . it be at this point that Katie come but the door and hurry forward . katie Officer , please . ( as she come up to he ) this lady 's my sister . she do not mean any harm , I be sure she do not . mcshane ( study she a moment -- impressed ) sure , and it do not look to I like any harm 's be do . ( to the crowd ) clear the street now , all of you . his tone be authoritative , and the crowd start to disperse . mcshane ( turn to Katie ) I will see you lady to you door . sissy ( with a grin ) thanks , handsome . katie ( in reproof ) my sister be always try to be funny , officer , she do not mean anything by it . ( they pause at the door ) I would like you to know this be the first time my family ever get into any trouble on the street -- ( look at sissy ) and I will see it do not happen again . mcshane I guess I know a lady when I meet one , mar 'am -- my name be mcshane and I be glad I could be of service to you , mar 'am . he turn and go . sissy ( grin ) he sure take a shine to you , Katie . katie go on ! ( fuss ) who would look at I ? sissy he would . katie ( in a odd mood for a moment -- look at she hand ) funny , you kind of forget sometimes that you be a woman . francie he be not go to arrest we , mama . aunt sissy talk he out of it . and we get to skate on them anyway , do not we , aunt sissy ? this make Katie look at francie . francie have evidently enjoy the excitement from the adventure , and this disturb Katie . katie you go on down the street and tell Sheila and she mama you be sorry now , francie . francie do I have to , mama ? Katie do not answer , and francie start reluctantly down the street . Katie watch she go a minute , and then turn back to look at sissy levelly . katie . I do not like sayin ' what I be goin ' to , sissy . sissy ( ruefully ) oh , golly , be we off again ? katie you be the only sister I get , but -- I do not care for myself , what people think about you , only -- I get the kid to worry over , and if I do not do it nobody else will . you be bad for them , sissy , you get francie in trouble right on the street . you -- you might even make them trouble at school . sissy ( very quietly ) what be it you be tryin ' to say , kid ? katie sissy , I be askin ' you not to come around any more . my mind 's make up , and do not try changin ' it with any more of that soft talk . sissy I will not , Katie , not if you mean it . but let 's keep on talkin ' about you . Soft 's one thing , kid , but -- bein ' too hard be another . katie ( flaring ) all right , it be not nice to be hard , but my child be goin ' to be somebody if I get to turn into granite rock to make them ! sissy study she for a long moment . they eye hold . Katie do not yield . sissy ( with a funny little smile ) I kind of wish you have not say that , kid . ( she turn ) so long , Katie . I will give you love to Bill . she go . Katie stare after she . some of the inflexibility leave as she watch sissy go . she be bewilder , mix up with the inner conflict ; she turn abruptly to go into the tenement . the scene dissolves to the nolan kitchen at night . first the cover of a gideon Bible in neeley 's hand come into view , then the scene pull back to reveal neeley , ready for bed , read aloud . francie sit near , hold a volume of Shakespeare . Katie be remake a dress of hers for francie . grandma rommely sit quietly listen . grandma rommely be of austrian peasant stock , old , give much to silence . she have a faraway look , and nod occasionally while she listen to this read , which be very important to she . it be a good thing . neeley ( read ) " -- and nahor live nine and twenty year and begat terah , and nahor live after he begat terah a hundred and nineteen year . " -- boy , that 's older and grandma , be not it ? -- " and begat son and daughter " -- okay , that 's the end of the page . francie ( read immediately ) " and dream night will hide we joy no longer , I would not from thee . cressida : ' night hath be too brief . ' troilus : ' beshrew the witch with venomous ' " -- neeley ( interrupt , disgust ) aw , that be not even English . francie it be so . Shakespeare write the best English of anybody . neeley all right then you tell I what it mean , you be so smart . francie I do not say I know what it mean , I say I like it . katie that will do , now . neeley okay , but I bet you do not know what it mean either . katie maybe not , but I know it 's good for you . francie ( resume she read ) " ' beshrew the witch ' " -- neeley ( grumble to himself ) she do not know what it mean , mom do not know what it mean , grandma can not even read , and gosh know I do not know -- francie mama , I can not read if he -- neeley -- just wastin ' time every night readin ' stuff nobody know what it 's all about . katie well , it be not as bad as that , I get some of it . that about night be too brief , that mean short , and goodness know they be , and the day too . ( she measure the dress against francie as she speak ) hold still a minute . now listen , aunt sissy bring we that Bible from sheepshead Bay , and papa blow in all he tip one time on that Shakespeare because grandma say they be the great book and we should read a page every night . so we be not gonna waste them . and I do not know , sometimes it do seem kinda foolish but -- I guess it get you somewhere , might help you find a job someday , you can not tell . her defense of the custom wind up a little lamely , but it be the best she can muster . none of they notice grandma until she speak abruptly . grandma rommely this read will not stop . I say this thing . this be say quietly , but with so much determination that all three turn toward she . she be completely immobile as she try to gather word , which be difficult for she . grandma rommely in the steerage we come , to this new land , you grandfather and I . hard we work , but there be something we look for that we do not find . so this be not different , I think , from that old country . and then I watch my child , and then they child . and then I know , when I be old , I know . in that old country , the child can rise no higher than he father 's state . but here , in this place , the child need not to walk out they life in the shoe of they elder . and this have to do something with the learn which be here free for all people . this be the thing , that with this learn each one be free to go so far as he be good to make of himself . this way each child can be better than the parent , and this be the true way thing grow better . this , to I who be old , be the great wonder of this country , in this way to be free . I have miss this thing , and I have let my child miss it , but this shall not be so for my child 's child . this read will not stop . probably never before have grandma rommely put so many word together . she be lose in they , almost transfigure , there be deep strength behind she feel . the other be silent , a little awed by the unaccustom speech . the argument about the read be end forever . grandma rommely and you , Katie . it be not just for the job . you do not think well about this , nor about what you do with you sister . you have forget to think with you heart . there be a coldness grow in you , Katie . she have finish ; and she retire inside herself again , settling back in she chair . there be a pause , and there be definitely nothing more to say . it have have a effect on Katie . francie look from one to the other . -- finally Katie 's eye leave she mother and meet francie 's . Katie nod . francie resume the read . francie " ' beshrew the witch ! with venomous wight she stay as tediously as - - ' " Katie 's eye go back to she mother . the old lady do not look at she , but nod again , almost imperceptibly . it be good . but she word , come on top of sissy 's , have shake Katie . the scene dissolves to a STREET late at night . it be practically desert . the shadowy figure of johnny , carry a couple of paper bag , come down the street from the carline . he be sing " call I up some rainy afternoon " to himself . thereupon the scene cut to the nolan parlor where francie be on she couch under the window . the faint sound of johnny 's sing awaken she . her face light up . she look out the window . then , in she nightgown , she scurries for the kitchen . in the kitchen Katie be asleep with she head on she sewing on the table as francie enter . francie be startle at see she mother there . as she hesitates , Katie stir and lift she head . the sound of the sing be closer as johnny come up the stair . -- Katie 's and francie 's eye meet and there be a sense of understanding between this two who wait . instinctively Katie 's hand start to fix she hair . francie he 's all right , mama . I do not think he 's sick . the sing approach the door . true to they game , francie go to open it before the song finish . the open door reveal johnny and he paper bag . there be a second of relief for both woman when they be sure he be sober . francie papa ! johnny well , what do you know , if it be not my beauty . ( he be a little surprised at see Katie still up ) hey ! what be you do up this time of night ? katie ( a little awkwardly ) oh , I make up my mind to sit up for you . but I guess I be not use to the hour , any more . johnny set he bag on the table . Katie resume adjust she hair . johnny leave it , it 's nice . katie ( pleased ) go on . what you get in they bag ? francie , the coffee . francie ( go to light the stove ) be it something to eat , papa ? johnny and what else , with I comin ' from a grand banquet ? ( and he empty the bag ) french roll , a whole half of lobster from the shore of maryland , caviar all the way from sunny far off Russia , fry oyster , cheese -- from -- from the mountain fastness of la belle France . katie what do you know about the mountain fastness of France ? francie be it better comin ' from there , papa ? johnny suppose to be mighty good . ( look at Katie ) but comin ' home like this -- I know that 's good . katie ( a little awkwardly ) well , let 's eat it , no reason we should not have a party of we own . abruptly Katie turn from set the table and , without explanation , disappear into the bedroom . at the same time a very sleepy neeley appear from the other bedroom . neeley I be hungry . katie ( from the bedroom ) be that all you get to say to you papa ? neeley hello , papa . he start immediately pull a chair up to the table . johnny ( laugh ) his stomach 's like the irish sea , no bottom to it . Katie reappear , shy and pretty , she hair arrange and hold in place by a tortoise shell comb . johnny look at she , move . francie mama , you wedding comb ! katie ( a little shy at she own sentiment ) well , be not this a kind of wedding party . johnny ( pull out a chair , play up to the mood ) you bet it be . I wish I could have swipe some champagne . ( then , as he meet she eye ) no , I do not , coffee 's better . francie bring the coffee to the table and sit down next to she father . neeley be already eat . johnny ( look at Katie ; teasing ) only will you look at who 's tellin ' I I do not know about the mountain fastness of France . katie ( look down , fuss ) oh , that . johnny yeah , that -- imagine you forgettin' . katie well , I do not , not exactly , only that be a while back and -- johnny ( to the child ) what do you think of havin ' a mama that would forget where we go on we honeymoon . francie do you really go there , mama ? katie of course not , papa 's joke . johnny sure we do -- or just the same as . we spend we honeymoon in a school , be as big as a palace , and -- katie ( interrupt ) we just work there night , cleanin ' , the both of we . it be right here in Brooklyn , before you be bear . johnny well , that be not what you say then . you mean to tell I , when we be havin ' we supper all alone there , and I use to pull down they map and take the teacher 's pointer and pick out the place we would pretend we be that night -- you mean to tell I we really be not there ? you mean you forget that sunny France be where we like the best , and all the laughin ' we do there , and you goin ' to sit right there and tell I we be not even there ? he be make arrant love to she with this . Katie be stir . katie ( find this rather try ) yeah . I guess we kind of be , at that . johnny and you be askin ' how I know about the mountain fastness of France . I be ashamed of you , Katie nolan . francie have be watch this between she father and mother ; she do not quite understand the mood between they , but she be fascinate . francie be not there anybody in the school but you , papa ? johnny no sir , we -- katie ( interrupt ) you papa better quit talkin' , he will have you believin ' you be in France too . francie no , talk some more , papa -- neeley what 's this here stuff ? johnny caviar , that 's fish egg come all the way from Russia . neeley ( appal ) Fish egg ! johnny ( as he and Katie laugh ) tell the truth , I never could get the idea myself why they like it , except it 's hard to get and cost a lot . francie and that make it good , papa ? neeley what about the Russians -- it be not hard for they to get -- do they like it ? johnny ( to Katie ) can you tie that , be not we get the smartest kid ? francie papa , talk some more , tell we about the party tonight , do not leave out anything . johnny oh , that can wait . ( he lay three dollar before Katie ) how 's that ? katie Three dollar ! that 's good wage . johnny ( jingling he pocket ) good tip , too . francie papa , start . be there music ? do they dance ? johnny aw , you mama 's get no time for all that . katie ( softly , not look at he ) you -- you could tell I . you use to . johnny start uncertainly at first , watch Katie . neeley continue to eat . francie listen to she father with she elbow on the table . johnny well , it be pretty swell . klommer 's best room , all fix with white flower -- flower on the table , on the chandelier , even on the floor . there be a big horseshoe table , and lot of people , and right in front be a big tall wedding cake , must have be two foot high . neeley why do not you bring home some of that ? katie be the bride pretty ? johnny well , she be maybe not so young , but -- johnny can not spoil a moment like this with the truth . everything must be perfect , so he improve on the bride a little . johnny sure , she be awfully pretty , in that blue dress and all . she have diamond on she hand and even in she ear so she kind of glitter , and when she walk she clothes swished , kind of . well , sir , the champagne flow like water , and the smell of it get all mix with the flower and the powder the lady wear and it be like a wonderful new kind of perfume , make you feel good just to smell it . francie ( with a little shiver of delight ) and do you sing for they , papa ? johnny sure thing , I be comin ' to that . I get three encore for " my Wild irish Rose , " and -- everybody clapped and clapped so I do " irish eye be smiling " four time . katie it must have be awful nice . johnny it be all right . and when it be time to cut the wedding cake the band play " kiss I again " and she put she arm around he and boy , do he look scared ! neeley what be he scared of papa ? johnny huh ? katie you kid ask too many question . go on , you hear the story , go back to bed now , it must be three o'clock . neeley ( matter -of -factly ) I get a bellyache . katie Lay on you right side . neeley ( kissing she ) goodnight , mom . katie goodnight , neeley . francie ( a little stiff -- not kissing Katie ) goodnight , mama . katie goodnight , francie . ( laugh awkwardly ) francie 's kind of mad at I because sissy make a scene of herself out on the street and I -- I tell she to stay away . francie papa -- katie run along now , both of you . both of the kid start to obey . the small incident have break the perfection of the evening , and this disturb johnny . francie goodnight , papa . ( kissing he , then whisper ) be -- be there a impresario there ? johnny not tonight there be not , prima donna . come here . ( awkwardly ) you get no call to be mad at you mama , francie , she -- she always get a reason for what she do . johnny mean this . unaccustom to reproof from johnny , even as gentle as this be , have its effect on francie . she hesitates , then go over and kiss she mother with some restraint . Katie , who be feel more deeply than she have feel in a long time , hold she close for a moment . suddenly francie fling she arm around she mother , and they be very close for a moment . francie ( in a completely different tone ) goodnight , mama . francie hurry into she room and shut the door . her go make a little awkward moment between johnny and Katie , who be leave alone , each lose in he own thought . katie ( after another little pause ) johnny . what else happen at the party -- tell I . johnny well , it be nice like I say it be , awful nice -- the bride all dress up and all , and -- but he can not get go again . and Katie have not really hear . katie ( interrupt ) johnny . johnny yeah . katie do you think -- I mean , have I - - well , change a lot -- you know . johnny ( misunderstanding -- quickly ) change , why , she could not hold a candle to you . she be not so hot , I just say that , for the kid . no sir , you be -- katie ( interrupt ) no , I mean -- be I gettin' , you know , hard ? she be troubled , inarticulate . johnny be bewilder . johnny why , where would you get hold of a idea like that , hard ? katie I do not know , I do not want to be , but -- well , there 's the kid and all , I want to do what 's good for they -- and maybe sometimes -- johnny aw , baby , do not talk like that . why , you know something , you be prettier than you ever be . I could near tellin ' it to the whole party tonight -- hey , you ought to see my bride that 's waitin ' home for I . ( softly , look straight at she ) and you be waitin' . that be -- nice , Katie , it be -- like it use to be . katie you -- you tell about the party nice , johnny . I -- I should have wait up more , I guess . johnny aw , it be not you fault , baby , you workin ' like you do . ( he touch the comb ) I -- I wish I would buy you the rest of that set when we be marry , the man say it come all the way from Spain . katie what else be there to it ? you be not tell I for a long time . johnny there be two little side comb and a locket on a chain . katie and a bracelet , you say . johnny you know what , I be gonna look up that man some day and get you the rest of that set . johnny be deeply move . this be the close that he and Katie have be in a long time . if thing be entirely right between they , most of all if they be entirely right between johnny and himself , this be the moment in which he would take she in he arm . subconsciously , both of they know it . they enjoy perfection , when they be young together , as closely perhaps as people come to it . life together , when they be young , be very right between they . this day have move Katie to a instinctive reach back toward that old perfection , which they have not feel in a long time . this be what she be subconsciously ask from johnny . and subconsciously he realize this . and because of he failure , he have not quite the feel of this perfection , this completeness , to give she . this feel be taut between they for a moment . and then johnny feel instinctively the necessity of talk a little more , to try to reassure himself , to try to build with he word something more of reassurance that everything be all right within he . this very feel be a acknowledgment that he no longer have that perfection to offer she . so , with he word , they go past the perfect moment . Katie sense this . there be a desperate need in she for johnny to take she in he arm , without any more word , as he would do if they world be right . she be try to hold on to this moment , not to let it get by , when after a moment she speak . katie that 's nice , johnny , but -- johnny ( eagerly , work himself into believe ) ai not no but about it , I mean it . thing be goin ' to be different around here , you -- you get no business workin ' like you do . katie I do not mind the work , I - - johnny no sir , I be not goin ' to have it . look at they pretty hand , they get no business bein ' in water all the time . I be goin ' to change a lot of thing . I be goin ' to quit the drinkin ' too . and just to show you , here 's my tip money , you can -- katie no , johnny , the tip be yours -- you take all a man 's money , it be not right . johnny ( accept this a shade too easily ) well , there 's a dime anyway . I -- I have to take a nickel out of the bank for carfare , you can put a dime back . but I be goin ' to keep at them down at union headquarters and make them get I job . tonight 's the beginning of something ' new , Katie -- you believe I , do not you , Katie ? katie ( want to ) sure , johnny , sure I do . johnny I will be singin ' all over Brooklyn and maybe Manhattan too . have you hear johnny nolan sing , they will say . yes sir , we luck 's turn , and some day -- katie ( from she heart ) ah , stop it , johnny , stop it , stop talkin ' ! he look at she , hurt , amaze . Katie have have all she can stand . it be not any good , it 's phony . katie ( bitterly ) talkin ' like that only make it worse ! we be not get a chance , who be we tryin ' to kid ! there be a long pause . the truth that have be tear from Katie be the last thing either of they want to face -- it be the sort of thing people try the hardest to keep from face . but it be here . all johnny 's desperate effort to kid himself die within he . he stare out the window . he could not possibly look at Katie in this moment . johnny ( very quietly ) yeah . that 's right , sure , who be I tryin ' to kid . Katie feel sorry for he , for they both , but there be no use in weaken -- you can no longer evade the hard truth . katie I do not go to hurt you , but it 's the truth , I can not change it , johnny . johnny yeah , and I can tell you something ' else , too . all that baloney about the encore tonight -- that be just because they be a little drunk and feelin ' good . I be not so hot . katie ( dry and hard ) no use talkin ' like that , it will not help any . johnny I do not know , as long as we be on the truth , let 's keep lookin ' at it . I be the one ought to be kick out , not sissy . I get a wife and kid and I do not take care of them , I do not know why . I do not want the kid when they come , but I love them -- how could you help it -- sure , I love them a lot , but I just can not seem to turn into a hard - workin ' man to take care of them . what sense do that make , all I want to do be sing , I do not know why . and I guess that 's right , I be not ever goin ' to be able to change it . sure , you be right , who be I tryin ' to kid . this come so quietly from johnny that it be frightening . for the first time in he life he have face himself . Katie make he do it , even if she do not intend to . they have both face he . so this two will never again feel quite the same about one another . what he have say be bitterly true , there be no answer to it . -- Katie slowly pick up some of the dish from the table , as though she would take they to the sink . but even lifelong habit be no good , and she set they back on the table . katie ( dully ) we better get some sleep . johnny ( without turn ) yeah . Katie stand helplessly a moment , and then start toward the bedroom . johnny do not move . in the parlor francie be lie on she bed beside the window , illumine by the faint moonlight . she be awake , stare at the ceiling , as if feel a presentiment about the next room . outside the window stand the Tree in the backyard , bereft of most of its branch , but stark and strong in the moonlight . the scene fade out . [ C ] mcgarrity's SALOON fade in , in the early morning . it be a small corner saloon . next to a big free lunch sign be a cigar store with a wooden cigar store indian . -- mcgarrity , the proprietor , be just finish sweeping the sidewalk . passing man Morning , Mac . mcgarrity wave in answer and go inside . -- the place be desert except for johnny , who be sit at a table , head down on he arm at a table . before he be a whiskey glass and a litter of cigarettes . mcgarrity study he compassionately , then go over and shake he gently by the shoulder . mcgarrity Seven o'clock , johnny , better be goin ' home . johnny raise he head wearily . he have not be asleep . and he be not as drunk as he would like to be , although he have try hard to drink enough so that he would stop think . johnny ( wearily ) sure , sure , home . ( sing ) " Home be where the heart be -- " he pull himself to he foot and move somewhat uncertainly to the bar . automatically , mcgarrity go behind the bar , and just as automatically wipe the polished surface . johnny ( tonelessly ) write nice song about it , do not they , Mac ? mcgarrity sure , johnny . johnny I sing them good , too , do not I , Mac ? mcgarrity sure , johnny , sure . johnny do not just sure I like that , Mac . you be wrong about somethin' , you do not know it , but you be wrong . I be not ever goin ' home any more . mcgarrity sure you be , johnny , you get a mighty nice family to go home to . johnny you do not get it . I be goin ' there , I be gonna walk down the same street , I be gonna turn in the same door , and there will be my nice family , but I will not ever be goin ' home again . give I a drink , Mac . mcgarrity I do not get you , boy . johnny sure you do not , I do not get it either . I pretty near do , sittin ' there thinkin ' about it . listen , Mac , listen good now . ( sing ) " maxwellton 's brae be bonnie , where early fa 's the dew - - " ( stop ) what do you hear , Mac ? mcgarrity you always sing good , if that 's what you mean . johnny if that 's what I mean I do not know what I mean . what good be sing -- you feel somethin' , but there be not nobody hear what you feel . it 's no good -- she use to hear , but not any more . so I will not ever be goin ' home again . I hate singin ' . I should have be tendin ' bar like you . do not ever sing , Mac . mcgarrity study johnny closely . he know johnny be in pain about something , but he be not quite sure what . mcgarrity ( polish the bar ) lot of angle to it , boy . you would not be any good tendin ' bar . you be a funny fellow , johnny . johnny sure , sure , I be funny . I want a drink , Mac . mcgarrity I do not know if I would trade with you -- a poet that can not write , that 's bad . but it take all kind of people , maybe some of them just be not mean to make a livin ' . and maybe I would trade , at that . and now you better get home to that nice family , you missus will be worryin ' . johnny ( flaring up ) all right , it 's the nicest family in the world , you think I do not know that . give I a drink , I say . mcgarrity easy , johnny , easy . ( he set out a drink ) have one on the house . johnny ( bitterly ) sure , that 's better , and I will sing for it , that 's what I will do , I will sing for it . mcgarrity study johnny compassionately as johnny pour the drink . johnny 's bitterness toward life , and most of all he hatred for himself and what he be , be at its peak . the scene dissolves to the nolan tenement as francie emerge with pencil box and book , start out for school . in a moment the door burst open and neeley emerge , always a little late . he have he book in a strap . as he join she , neeley start to rip off the tie he be suppose to wear to school . francie neeley nolan , you stop that . neeley aw , I do not want to wear no old tie , it 's -- francie ( maternally ) mama say . neeley aw , go chase yourself . but he submit to she mother as she start to pull the tie back into place . suddenly they hear a clamor off scene -- and we then see what they see : johnny , drunk and unsteady , be just come around the corner surround by a swarm of derisive kid . johnny pay no attention to they . the kide just pickle my bone in alcohol . he 's stiffer than a goat , look how he walk . francie and neeley run to they father . francie push she way to he and try to take he arm . francie ( fiercely ) you leave he alone ! papa -- come on , let 's go home , let 's hurry , papa . johnny try uncertainly to smile , but he be pretty far go . neeley ( to the kid ) you leave he alone or I will bust you one . the kid pay no attention . neeley sock one of they and a fight be on . francie try desperately to help johnny toward they door . mcshane enter from across the street , and break up the fight . mcshane ( to the kid ) come on now , quit it -- quit it or I will run you in . beat it now . the kid break and beat it , still yell derisively . francie and neeley remain and mcshane turn back to they . mcshane now , my lad , where do you live ? francie ( fiercely ) I will take he home , he 's my father . mcshane I expect you would best be gettin ' on to school , have not you ? I will look after he for you . ( francie hesitates ) do not you worry , he be not in any trouble , I will take good care of he . this the building ? francie ( nodd ) second floor back . if -- if you talk to he , he -- he 's always all right and you will -- mcshane do not you fret a minute . ( he take johnny 's arm ) come on now -- we will make it , lad . johnny give he a blurred look but submit to be lead up the step , and as francie stand look after they , miserable , the scene dissolves to the tenement hall where mcshane help johnny toward the nolan door . johnny only half - coherently try to sing . johnny " when irish eye be smile - - " mcshane quiet , now , quiet do it . johnny get to sing , do not you , very important , and she will hear you , but you get to sing ju -u- st right , so she can get the door open first , very important . mcshane all right , sing then , if it ease what 's hurtin ' you . johnny " when irish eye be smile - - " the noise cause a couple of neighbor , who open they door , to look out . mcshane knock at the nolan door , and Katie appear , just ready to start she morning 's janitor work . mcshane be surprised to see she . katie johnny ! scarcely notice mcshane , she start to help johnny into the kitchen . mcshane help . -- the scene cut to the kitchen as they get johnny into a chair at the table . mcshane study Katie , who be busy with johnny . mcshane I -- I do not -- I do not expect to see you , mar 'am . be there anything I can do ? katie he 's my husband , I can take care of he . ( to johnny ) it 's all right now , johnny , I will get you a nice cup of coffee . johnny ( blurred ) Nice cup of coffee , nice cup of coffee . Katie go to the stove . mcshane stand awkwardly for a moment . mcshane I just want to tell you , the gentleman be not makin ' no trouble , just -- need a little help . Katie stop pour the coffee to look at he . she be instinctively defensive about johnny , so she look be antagonistic at any intrusion into they family trouble . mcshane ( awkwardly ) if -- if there 's anything I can do , mar 'am - - Katie come over and put the coffee down in front of johnny . katie there , johnny , drink it . ( then , turn to mcshane ) if you be not new on the beat , Mr. mcshane , you would know johnny never make trouble -- and you would know the whole nolan family do not need anybody 's help , and -- and I would thank you very much , Mr. mcshane , to mind you own business . her eye meet he squarely . mcshane ( after a moment ) sure -- Mrs. nolan . he turn and go , close the door behind he . Katie turn to johnny . out in the hall , mcshane pause a moment beside the door and look back toward the room a little ruefully . he sure catch hell . he grin in admiration , then start down the stair . the scene dissolves to the public school . the school yard be swarm with child . the bell be ringing , and the youngster start to form line to march in . this dissolves to the eighth grade classroom . the view be focus on one group and then move past the intent , struggle face of other child as they recite in unison , with a curious cadence with which poetry be scan . kide " Beau -ty be truth truth beau-ty that be all ye know on earth and all ye need to know . " the camera come to neeley , and then francie ; then pull back to reveal a classroom so crowded that some of the child have to sit in the aisle in chair without desk . the teacher , miss tilford , middle - age , and tired , be at the blackboard , mark off with chalk the metric division of the line which be write on the board . miss tilford be repeat it with they . miss tilford ( as they finish ) now , who know the name of the meter ? ( look at the class ; francie 's hand be up ) france nolan ? francie ( stand up ) yes , but -- miss tilford you can not " know but . " you either know or you do not know . francie I know it 's iambic pentameter , five metric foot , with a long syllable come after a short one , but -- I only mean to say -- I be think about the word , what they mean , and I wonder -- miss tilford you do not have to know the word , france , only the meter . and we be late now for we arithmetic . the class will get they arithmetic book . she move to the desk . there be a general rustle in the class as the exchange of book be make . francie sit down slowly . miss tilford ( open she book ) now then ! the farmer have a hundred and sixty - nine apple in a barrel . he want to divide they into equal pile , with as many apple in each pile as there be pile of apple . how would he go about it ? ( as there be no answer , she go on ) what method would he use -- what be the latest process we have be study ? francie ( with hand raise ) miss tilford -- miss tilford yes , france . francie ( rise ) if beauty be truth and that 's all ye need -- I mean all you need to know -- then that mean it 's the most important thing , and if a man -- I mean somebody -- spend all they time just try to live like that -- well it 's hard to put , but no matter what else he do , then -- then -- she falter , feel strongly what she want to say , but unable to say it . neeley know what she be get at . miss tilford then what , france ? francie ( lamely ) then -- it would be all right , would not it -- I guess . miss tilford I be afraid I have not the slight idea what you be talk about , france , but I do know we be disrupt the arithmetic ! now , class ! Square root ! do no one remember square root !? as francie sit down , deeply humiliate , the scene dissolves to the classroom while the child be filing past a doctor and a nurse , who examine briefly the head of each child , look for lice . as they finish , the child be free to leave . francie and neeley be in line . the doctor be examine a boy , and indicate for the nurse to look . doctor report to you principal and give he this card . the boy go on with the card nonchalantly , but as he leave some kid who successfully pass the examination , jeer : kide mickey 's lousy , mickey 's lousy ! neeley , next in line , submit indifferently , and dash to he croney as soon as the doctor murmur " all right . " francie step up . she offer she head , endure the examination as a necessary evil , but clearly know it be not necessary in she case . miss tilford , check the line , observe she . doctor all right . he have turn to the next child and miss francie 's scornful glance -- as much as to say " I know that " -- but miss tilford see it , and suddenly feel a compunction . miss tilford ( as francie pass she ) france ... francie yes , miss tilford ? miss tilford er -- maybe I be a little too abrupt with you this morning -- I mean , you be a smart girl and -- it 's just that you must learn to stick to the point and not go wander off the subject . francie yes , miss tilford . miss tilford if you will do that , you need not worry about pass . francie I be not worry about -- ( give up ; meekly ) yes , miss tilford , thank you , miss tilford . as she wander out , completely lose , the scene dissolves to the schoolyard . neeley have wait for francie and they be now walk across the yard toward the gate . francie be vaguely troubled . neeley how should I know if they know you be talkin ' about he . I do not see what for you want to talk so much anyway . pop be just a little drunk , that do not hurt nobody . ( he break off as he see something offscene ) hey , look ! we then see sissy , from they angle , wait at the corner for they . she wave . -- the child stop short in a quandary . neeley what will we do ? we be not suppose to talk to she . francie ( troubled ) I do not know -- ( she have a idea ) neeley , that 's all they say , we be only suppose not to talk to she . neeley 's face brighten . francie hurry toward sissy and neeley follow . sissy embrace they both , and do not notice they silence . sissy chickabiddy ! I could not stand it no longer ! I just have to get a peek . man alive , you both look good enough to eat ! neeley gee , it 's -- francie shake she head warningly . sissy do not notice . sissy well , how be you anyway ? ( no answer -- francie stare at she miserably ) tell I all about it , how 's thing at home ? ( there 's a miserable silence ) well , you be not lettin ' I get a word in edgewise . oh -- I catch ! you be not allow to talk to I , huh ? ( they nod -- she laugh and hug they ) well , you do just like you mama say . but there be not nobody say anything about I talkin ' to you , be that it ? ( they nod and shake they head in happy confusion ) smart enough for lawyer , the both of you ! well , let 's see , you can nod and shake and make face , can not you ... how 's Katie ? ( they nod ) and you papa ? ( they hesitate , then nod uncertainly ) not workin ' much ? ( they shake they head sadly ) well , do not you worry , he will . ( they nod ; then tentatively ) any sign of the ice meltin ' in my direction yet ? ( they shrug and sissy sigh humorously ) guess I will have to tell Bill you still get scarlet fever , he 's kinda wonderin ' ... oh , well . and how 's school ? there be a divide opinion on this . neeley 's shrug imply that it 's okay enough , but to hell with it . but the question have revive francie 's problem , and she shake of the head be troubled . sissy 's interest center on she . sissy what 's wrong , be not you doin ' good ? ( francie shake she head ) well ... get in any trouble ? ( there be a confuse shrug ) teacher mean to you ? ( there 's a division of opinion -- a half - heart negative from francie , a nod from neeley . sissy be puzzle ) I do not get it , lamb , something 's troubling you , maybe I be not askin ' the right question . francie look at she miserably , want terribly to talk to sissy , to someone , about it . for a moment the scene be at a impasse . then francie have a idea . francie neeley . ( he look at she ) neeley , aunt sissy want to know if it 's because the teacher 's mean to we . neeley sure she be , she -- francie touch he arm , shake she head , indicate that he be to talk to she , not sissy . the great light dawns on neeley . neeley oh -- be you speakin ' to I , francie ? why yes , francie . I would say that teacher be pretty mean , would not you , francie ? I would say all teacher be pretty mean , francie . francie ( as sissy grin at this subterfuge ) well , neeley , I would not say that she be mean , exactly . that be not what we mean , neeley , be it ? neeley ai not it , francie ? francie no , what we mean be , neeley , school 's to learn thing in , that 's what it 's for , be not it , and if you get question -- neeley well now , look , francie -- if you mean all that talkin you do about pop , then I do not know -- francie neeley nolan , you do not understand anything . you get to know thing , if they be important , that 's what school 's for , be not it ? it 's just if she would tell you thing , not just the meter but what they mean , that 's what teacher ought to do -- be not it , neeley ? neeley ( give up ) well , francie , maybe you know what you be talkin ' about , but if you ask I , you just talk but do not say nothin ' . francie but , neeley -- sissy ( gently ) it 's all right , lamb . I can not say I could draw a map of it , but I get some of it . ( she draw francie to she ) you quit worryin ' about it , hon , and run along home . maybe you old aunt sissy can do something ' about it . ( she hug they both tightly ) look , maybe it 's just as well if you do not say nothin ' at home about seein ' I -- you know , it be not lyin ' as long as nobody ask you . neeley ( lightly ) I guess we can not help it , francie , if people listen to we in the street . he be off like a shot , call to a group of boy . francie smile gratefully into sissy 's eye . sissy watch after she a moment , and then she face harden . nobody be go to make francie suffer because of she father 's weakness , or for any other reason , whatever it may be . she start toward the school . the scene dissolves to a classroom . sissy be stand belligerently in front of a bewilder miss tilford 's desk . sissy ( belligerently ) what I be sayin ' be , whatever it be you be teachin' the other kid that francie be not gettin ' -- I be not gonna have it ! miss tilford but I assure you that you daughter be be teach exactly the same as the other child . if you could just tell I what it be that you mean -- sissy ( interrupt ; humbly ) look , lady . I do not know myself what we be talkin ' about . I be not very smart , I guess you see that . but something 's eatin ' that kid , and she 's a good kid and do not you hold out nothin ' on she , do not you teach the other kid nothin ' she be not gettin ' , or -- ( confuse ) well , you see that you do like I say . ( she attempt belligerence again ) or I will call a cop , and that be not kiddin ' either . I use to be marry to one ! with this last lame threat she stalk out , leave miss tilford shaking she head in relief as though at a lunatic who have not affect she at all . the scene dissolves to the nolan kitchen where we get a close view of the Sunday funny paper spread on the floor . the text be the katzenjammer kid . this dissolves to a full view of the kitchen to show neeley sprawle on the floor with the funny paper . francie be quietly stare out the window , preoccupy , drum on it idly . Katie enter from the hall , with a few clothes over she arm that she have just bring in from the line to be irone . she stop abruptly when she do not see johnny in the room . her question carry quick , instinctive apprehension that johnny may have go out to get drunk again . katie where 's you papa , do he go out ? neeley no be , he -- johnny appear from the bedroom . he have hear . johnny ( with quiet bitterness ) no , he do not go out . katie oh . I think -- johnny ( quietly ) I be not goin ' to mcgarrity 's , if that 's what you mean . ( to francie ) they 's fine composition -- they read nice , prima donna . francie ( absently ) thank you , papa . johnny have the composition in he hand . he go over to the table and put they down . he be not look at Katie . this Sunday be a hard day for johnny . with what have happen between he and Katie , it be very difficult to be shut in this small quarter with he family , with something dead between they . life be at low ebb for johnny . he pick up a piece of the newspaper and study it absently , to avoid look at Katie . Katie study he for a second . she , too , be aware of the tension , but life have to go on . she put the clothes into she work basket and start to mend some of they . there be a little silence . neeley ( quite unaware of all this ) pop , why do not the katzenjammer kid talk plain English ? johnny suppose to make it funny , I guess . katie francie , you be stare out that window for half a hour . can not you make up you mind to do something ? francie what shall I do ? katie you use to like to do you homework Sunday . francie I -- I do not know , I do not like school as much as I use to . neeley now you be gettin ' some sense ! katie School 's just the same this year as it be last . francie mama . katie yes . francie you know that big market on clancy Street , down the hill ? katie we can not deal there , if that 's what you mean . that neighborhood 's expensive . francie well , I be not talk about the market . katie you say do I know that market . neeley , do not just lie there and scuff you shoe out . francie well , I mean , the other day I walk home that way , and -- and do you know what 's just a couple of block away from that market ? katie another market , I guess , and be I suppose to guess what 's two block away from that . why do not you say what you mean , francie ? francie ( discourage ) I do not mean anything , I guess . from behind he paper , johnny give she a quick look . he know francie have something on she mind , and be get no place with it . he be very much aware of the unconscious duel between the two . katie sometimes it look like you make this hole on purpose , neeley . neeley ( grin ) aw , can I help it if thing just happen ? francie papa . johnny yes , baby . francie you know what I read in a magazine once ? johnny ( get a look from Katie ) what be it , francie ? francie well , it say walk be a good thing , it say people would look and feel better if they walk a lot . " walk and put rise petal in you cheek , " it say . katie then I ought to be a ravin ' beauty with all that stair . francie wander over to she father 's chair , and stand in back of it . as she talk it be clear it be for he benefit . francie it do not mean that . it mean -- well , like on a Sunday , people would feel lot better if they take a long walk or something , instead of just sit around and -- katie francie , I want you to stop talkin ' around thing like that . it be not right . if you get something ' to say , I want you to say it right out , plain . francie ( defeat , start back to the window ) I be not go to say anything . I be just talk about walk . johnny , from behind he paper , shoot a quick look at Katie and then at francie . he lay down he paper , get to he foot and stretch himself . when he speak , it be indirectly a reproof to Katie . johnny be so much talk about walkin ' , I think I will take one . come along , prima donna . francie 's face light up , but she restrain herself quickly . francie oh , yes , sure , papa . johnny grin at she and start to pick up he coat . as Katie look sharply at he the scene dissolves to a STREET in a better neighborhood : francie and johnny be walk together . she have hold of he arm proudly . johnny ( teasing ) must be pretty special , this place you walk to that 's two block from a market . francie this way , papa . they come to a corner and francie stop . johnny look around , but can not make out just what it be . johnny be this it , prima donna ? francie ( shyly ) yes , papa . johnny look where she point , and we next see the new school from they angle . it be a long way from be the best school you ever see , but it be different from the old one -- a bigger yard , a few tree , less dingy . johnny look from the school back to francie . it do not make sense , somehow . johnny the school ? ( francie can only nod ) I do not get it , baby . francie ( hesitantly ) it must be just as nice inside , do not you think ? the teacher and all , and -- she falter to a stop . johnny ( gently ) what be you gettin ' at , prima donna ? francie can not look at he . it be such a hard thing to explain , even to papa . her reply be almost a whisper . francie Bend down , papa . ( he do ) I wish I could go to that school , papa . the strange intensity of she feeling touch johnny . he do not want to let she down , but he do not know quite what to do about it . he put he arm around she . johnny I do not know . it would be awful nice but they get rule , honey , you get to go to the school where you live . francie 's face fall . she know that this be the answer . francie I know . I do not really -- she can not go on . johnny ( he can not stand it ) wait a minute , maybe there 's a way , it 's a free country , be not it ? ( as he sing ) " School day , school day - - " maybe we could move near to here . francie ( like a shot ) when ? johnny ( take aback ) well , not just yet , prima donna , not for a while . but just as soon as we ship come in , you will see . francie ( let down ) oh , only by that time I will -- johnny you want to go there awful bad , do not you , baby ? ( francie nod ) then , look , we be goin ' to find a way . francie honest ? johnny well now , I have get to turn this thing over some . let 's we do a little more walkin' , it 's -- maybe it 's good for thinkin ' too . with complete faith in this , francie take he arm again and as they start to walk the scene dissolves to a residence STREET compose of small house , fairly attractive . johnny and francie come down the sidewalk . they be walk slowly . johnny ( make conversation ) that 's not a bad house , how would you like to live there ? Nice little porch . francie ( shaking she head ) I do not like brown house . johnny well , maybe a coat of paint . francie ( see the next house ) oh , papa ! ( johnny look , francie go on : ) that 's it . johnny look and we get a view of the next house -- small , white , a neat white fence , and flower . johnny yes sir , that 's it . francie if we only could ! johnny well , why can not we . we luck 's bound to turn , and the first thing we will do be buy that little house when -- ( lamely ) some day . the fairy tale be back , and francie 's elation be go . johnny look at she , cornere . johnny ( in desperation ) look , as long as we be goin ' to buy that house some day , why can not we maybe borrow it for now ? like -- say we make out it 's ours , then you address be -- ( look ) 98 hibbard Avenue -- startin ' right now ! then , you see , you get to transfer from you old school . francie ( it be too much to understand all at once ) how do you mean , papa ? johnny that 's it ... we could say you come here to live with you aunt , you rich old aunt . she 's lonely and she 's goin ' to leave you all she money . francie oh papa , could we really ! johnny sure we could , it 's nobody 's business . and every day you eat off real china dish with little cherries paint onto them , and when you drink coffee , you have a cup and saucer to match , and a plate too , like they come from a restaurant . francie ( ecstatic ) sometimes I forget to water the geranium and you ought to hear auntie scold I ! johnny you get to put up with she crotchet -- after all , you be she heir . francie ( point ) that -- that could be my room up there where the little window be . johnny , watch she , suddenly become troubled by the enormity of what he be do . johnny now look , prima donna , you know what we be doin ' be not exactly accordin ' to the rule . francie ( fearfully ) you mean it 's wrong ? johnny not by a jugful it be not wrong . see , the house be here , and we be here , and the school -- we be not all bring together like this just for no reason . but ... we will have to keep it a kind of secret , you will not be able to tell anybody , and you will have to be extra good to make up for it . francie ( relieved ) oh , I will ! ( she look around ) I think here come auntie now . a elderly man and woman , come down the street , turn in at the gate . they be very nice look . johnny ( whisper ) I see you get a uncle too . ( they both laugh ; everything be settle ) now , I be goin ' to show you a way to you new school through a little park . I know right where it be , and you can see the season change on you way . he have take she by the arm and they be move again down the street . francie ( try to speak ) papa -- bend down . ( but she be too move for mortal word ) my cup runneth over . her eye glisten softly . the scene dissolves to the nolan kitchen at night . francie be help Katie with the dish , but hover over johnny who be laboriously write a letter on the kitchen table . across from he neeley scowl over he homework . katie it 's dishonest , that 's what it be . you be settin' the child a awful bad example . francie papa say if it do not hurt anybody , and you be not dishonest in you heart -- katie you two with you fancy word -- johnny ( pay no attention ) how you spell " transfer , " prima donna ? francie t-r-a-n-s-f-e-r. neeley I would ruther be shot than do this arithmetic . katie ( mechanically ) it will come to you , sonny ... and another thing . we keep francie out a year so 's she and neeley could be in the same class , so 's she could look after he , and here just the year they be gettin ' ready to graduate , you go and -- ( she break off , exasperate ) it 's against the law and it 's makin ' she live a lie and -- I will not have you doin ' it . johnny stop write . for the first time he turn and look squarely at she , speak very quietly . johnny I be goin ' to do this for she , Katie . maybe it 's my fault or not there be not much I can give she -- but this be one thing she 's goin ' to have . there be a pause . Katie be surprised by he firmness . she be the first to falter . katie ( yield ) it will make a awful long walk for you , morning . francie ( with a gleam of hope ) I do not mind gettin ' up early . katie it will be lot harder on you shoe , and you will not have dress like the other child . francie I will wash and iron my dress every single night . johnny ( write again , with a funny little smile ) how do you spell appreciate , francie ? francie a-p-p-r-e-c-i-a-t-e. katie ( awkwardly ) if the principal of the school swallow that story -- which I do not think he will -- I will see what I can do about makin ' over that check dress of mine . Katie go on wash the dish to cover she surrender . francie 's face be radiant . johnny smile a little to himself as he write . the scene dissolves to the principal' office where francie be stand anxiously before the principal as he read johnny 's note . at length he look up from the note . principal why not ? my school 's overcrowded as it be . francie smile tremulously . it be almost too good to be true . -- this dissolves to " francie' little house . " francie , she coat over the new plaid dress , approach the little house . she pause near the gate , look in . it be a miracle , this little house of hers . she see a scrap of paper , and a break dead flower stem inside the fence . make sure no one be look , she slip through and pick this up . it be she gesture of serve the little house . as she start out the gate again , she manner change and for a fleeting moment she have the job of pretense that it be really hers , and she be emerge to start to school . she walk through the gate with something of the manner of a princess . the gate squeak a little . she try it again . francie ( proprietary ) dear I , I must remember to oil that gate . as she go on down the street , completely happy , the scene dissolves to a classroom in the new school . the room be different , less crowded , cleaner . class have just take up . miss mcdonough , the teacher , be stand beside she desk , she arm around francie 's shoulder . miss mcdonough this be france nolan , class . I be sure you will all make she welcome to we school . now this will be you desk , france . ( she take francie to the desk ) and one more thing , france . do not worry about mark at first . I have tell the class , often , it be not the mark that count , it 's the knowledge that you make you own , that you make forever and forever a part of you . now you may go to you desk . miss mcdonough turn to she desk . francie stand a second . for a moment it be too good to be true . then she slip down into the desk . it be hers . she begin to smile . the scene dissolves to the nolan kitchen where we first see francie irone she school dress as she talk . she be thrilled over she first day at the new school . then the scene pull back to reveal johnny and Katie also in the kitchen . Katie be lay the table for supper . johnny be finish get dress to go out on another job . francie and oh , miss mcdonough be just wonderful . she say we could choose anything in the world to write this composition about , just anything . she say it be good for we to choose we own subject . johnny well , that 's mighty fine , prima donna . what do you decide on ? francie she say it would be nice if we write about something in nature . but we do not know much about nature , do we , papa ? johnny well , you tree 's nature . francie but just one tree for a composition , it would be awful short . what else be nature ? johnny grass , wind , dog -- why do not you write about a dog ? francie be dog nature ? johnny sure . francie but I would like this to be kind of a -- special composition . she be so wonderful . johnny I will tell you what then -- what be I doin ' tonight but goin ' to sea on the good ship Governor Clinton , and the ocean 's nature , be not it ? I will keep a eye on the sea tonight , and tell you all about that . through this , Katie busy herself with the scanty preparation for the meal . johnny be get a warm glow out of francie 's happiness over the new school that he have give she . Katie know deep inside herself that she never would have give francie this odd gift , so there be a instinctive little resentment of the closeness between father and daughter . none of it be lose on she . katie bein ' a waiter on a little excursion boat goin ' up the Hudson River be not exactly goin ' to sea . johnny sure it be , it 's a kind of a sea , it 's water . I will remember everything about it , so you can write about the bright blue sea , prima donna . how 's that ? francie I think that would be kind of special . katie ( drily ) you miss mcdonough bein ' so wonderful , she do not happen to mention where we supper be comin ' from tonight , do she ? neeley ( appear suddenly from he bedroom , on cue ) do you say supper , mom , I be hungry . katie there be not much , sonny . but maybe we can fill out with one o' they composition about the bright blue sea . johnny prima donna , you know what -- this ought to be extra special for you new school . you know what we be goin ' to do ? francie what , papa ? johnny if there 's tip enough on this job tonight , come Sunday , I be goin ' to take you to see the ocean for yourself . francie the really ocean ? neeley I , too , pop ? johnny you bet . it be not right livin ' this close and you never even see it . people ought -- katie ( sharply ) johnny ! johnny yeah . katie ( change she mind ) nothing . maybe at that it 's better than that mcgarrity gettin ' you tip money . johnny yeah . I get it -- I -- I be not thinkin' . ( to the child ) sure , you mama 's right , we better get a little bread and bacon in that old cupboard before we go to takin ' fishin ' trip . but we will go one of this day , when - - well , you wait and see . ( he take he hat ) well , this be not earnin ' the family bread . ( ready to go , grateful to escape this ) need not wait up . if I know the Governor Clinton , I will not be bringin ' home no caviar . goodnight , my hearties . francie goodnight , papa . neeley goodnight , pop . johnny I will keep a eye out good , prima donna , and tell you all about it . he be go . there be a odd little tension in the room for a moment . Katie set the last thing on the table . katie all right , man , step right up and get you ration . neeley oh , golly , mom , you mean we get to play North pole again ? katie ( quickly ) I could not help it , son , there be not a penny in the pitcher . francie look , you can be captain , neeley , and when we find the pole you can drive in the stake with you name on it . the child sit down and Katie pour the coffee . what food there be , be on the table -- a heel of bread , a bit of cold potato , cracker crumb . neeley ( glumly ) gosh , even caviar would look good , lookin ' at that stuff . francie my , fish from alaskan water and chop eskimo whale . katie ( bitterly ) that 's right , knowin ' about all they ocean thing sure help to keep you from feelin ' hungry , do not it ? neeley I would rather think about all that free lunch down at mcgarrity 's . Mom , how much longer do I get to be a minor ? katie you be not ever goin ' to start takin ' anything from that place . francie I bet papa will bring home some swell food , nice roll and -- neeley aw , quit it . Mom -- I be hungry . katie steady , captain . neeley 's eye meet hers , and he get hold of himself , and gulp some coffee . francie ( watch this ) mama , you would rather do anything than break into the star bank , would not you ? katie just about . bein ' a little hungry be not never as bad if you know you get a little something ' in the bank . francie mama . ( Katie look at she ) when explorer get hungry , there 's a reason , something big come out of it , like they discover the North pole . but what 's the big thing come out of we bein ' hungry . katie ( wearily ) you find the catch in it , francie . ( then , ashamed of admit it ) aw , that 's no way to talk . sure , something ' come out of it . courage , my man , the spring thaws will be here before you know it . she rough neeley 's hair affectionately as she go to get some more coffee . the scene fade out . [ D ] the bedroom closet fade in . Katie be pry the star bank loose . neeley , load down with blanket and fry pan , watch avidly . katie run along , sonny -- I be not goin ' to spill a penny ! she slide a paper under the bank , lift it , and wrap it quickly in a dish towel , keep she word . they go out through the now bare bedroom . the scene cut to the kitchen , which be empty of everything but the stove . the nolan bedstead be just go through the door , borne out by Charlie , whose cap bear the simple legend " Ice . " katie ( take a last look around ) I guess we get everything . out in the hall , Charlie , carry the bed up , and Mr. crackenbox , carry a trunk down , have difficulty pass each other on the stair , and Katie and neeley have to wait . a humble bit of crepe hang on the gaddis door ; Katie straighten it . katie poor flossie . a couple of woman tenant peer out they door at the move . first woman johnny be not doin ' too well , eh , Mrs. nolan ? katie ( start up the stair ) just movin ' nearer to the sun . soon 's we hear Mrs. Waters be vacatin' , we make up we mind . she go on up determinedly with neeley . next , on the FOURTH floor , francie be see lean excitedly over the banister , as Charlie struggle up the last of the stair and through the door of a rear flat , just over the nolan ' old one . francie neeley , we new fire escape lead right up onto the roof . neeley ( come up ) whoever life on the top floor get dib on the roof ! as Katie follow he up , Mrs. Waters , the vacate tenant , come out of the flat , and address she anxiously . the child fly into the flat . mrs . water I be waitin ' for ' you , Mrs. nolan . there 's something ' I get to ask you -- a favor . I -- I better show you . she lead the way into the kitchen of the new flat . this be a little smaller , darker , meaner . some of the nolan belonging be in place , some in a tangle . Mrs. Waters lead Katie to the parlor . francie and neeley climb in the window from the fire escape and follow . the scene cut to the parlor , which be empty of furniture except for a small , old - fashioned upright piano . Mrs. Waters touch it lovingly . mrs . water the late Mr. Waters give it to I for a wedding present . it will not go down the stair , and they want fifteen dollar to move it lowerin ' it out the window . do you mind my leavin ' it , Mrs. nolan ? it do not take much room , and some day , when I get the fifteen dollar , I will send back for it . katie ( touch ) why , sure I do not mind , Mrs. Waters . francie ( to Mrs. Waters ) can you play it ? mrs . water no , neither one of we could . ( to Katie ) and if it be not too much trouble , you could dust it off once in a while and leave the kitchen door open a little so it will not get cold or damp . katie sure I will . and I hope it will not be long until you can send back for it . she follow Mrs. Waters out and both child cross they finger instantly , show they do not share they mother 's " hope . " then , reverently , each strike a note . the scene cut to the kitchen as Mr. crackenbox come out of the smaller bedroom carry the last of Mrs. Waters ' possession , top by a small , cheap , old bassinet . Mrs. Waters be about to follow he out , when Katie see the bassinet . ( Charlie be hear put up the bedstead in the bedroom . ) katie Mrs. Waters . that -- that -- be it a ... mrs . water ( smile ) yeah , we keep the baby in it -- about thirty year ago . katie ( with difficulty ) I be just thinkin ' ... if you do not need it . ... make a nice handy little washbasket . I would be glad to give you a quarter for it . mrs . water ( look at she curiously ) why sure . my Edgar 's kid be even too old . tenderly the two lift the thing down , and Mr. crackenbox go out with the rest of the load . Katie get a quarter out of the bank , then quickly wrap it up again . mrs . water ( touch she ; softly ) Excuse I for askin ' , Mrs. nolan , but -- it will not really make a very handy washbasket ? they eye meet . katie ( nodd ; quietly ) please do not say nothin' . I -- I be not tell nobody yet . mrs . water ( with deep feel ) I know it be not always easy , when you be poor , but -- it will be a blessin ' to you . katie ( very low ) yes , sure -- sure it will -- the child , start to run in , rouse she , and she nod a hasty farewell to Mrs. Waters as she hurry with the bassinet into the bedroom . Mrs. Waters understand and go . neeley ( gleefully , to francie ) I tell you , there be not -- he run into the smaller bedroom , as Katie come back carry only the bank . Charlie emerge sweat . francie ( in a low tone ) do not forget we be suppose to give he a beer -- or the price of one . Charlie wipe he sweat brow significantly , hopefully . charlie I be do . katie I can not thank you enough , Charlie . charlie always glad to do my customer a favor , of course . he do not move . katie ( firmly ) we be real grateful , Charlie . charlie it be not as though I be in the regular movin ' business . katie we will be takin ' ice , once a week , same as usual . charlie ( after a pause ; grimly ) well , goodbye . katie Goodbye , Charlie . he go out , slamm the door . francie look reproachfully . francie he work awful hard , mama ! katie ( harden ) we move to this flat to save money . we be not goin ' to make a start by throwin ' away dime . neeley ( enter joyfully ) no-sir , there be not a bathtub anywhere , I look all over . Katie grin , lead he to the kitchen sink and lift out a partition by which a tub can be improvise . katie that 's the tub , young man -- every Saturday and Wednesday , same as always . a knock cause Katie to breathe " Mr. barker ! " she set the bank down and quickly put she hand to she hair as francie open the door . Mr. barker enter , look around for gossip . mr. barker . well , seem like the nolan have come up in the world . he mean " down . " francie ( glibly , like Katie ) yes , we be so very very fond of the sunshine . katie ( polite but hasty ) sorry I can not ask you to sit , Mr. barker . I be not even get the coffee on yet . but I get the insurance money handy . she reach in she pocket . mr. barker ( take out he pen ) smaller and you old flat , be not it ? suddenly johnny 's voice sing " Molly malone " be hear . katie ( quickly , to neeley ) run down and catch he before he go in the old place . ( to Mr. barker , defensively ) Mr. nolan happen to be -- work when we find we could make the move . neeley go out . mr. barker ( dubiously ) I suppose you be too busy to listen to a bit of news -- about you sister . ( he pause for effect ) she 's goin ' to have a baby . Katie stare . after a moment , she speak . katie ( quickly ) tell she -- please tell my sister she should not make herself such a stranger . mr. barker ( in he best manner ) I shall be very happy to render you message . you receipt , Mrs. nolan . francie ( delighted ) be sure to now , Mr. barker . johnny appear in the doorway with neeley . he be a little bewilder by the move , can not say anything to Mr. barker . mr. barker good day to you , Mr. nolan . well , I be not one to spoil a family party . I will be on my way . he scurries out . johnny look around the cheap little flat . francie surprise , papa ! welcome to you new home . johnny yeah , it 's kind of a surprise , all right . ( after a moment , to Katie ) do you move up here because it be cheaper -- I mean , because -- katie ( not look at he ) we get to save where we can , somebody 's get to . I do not mind the extra stair . johnny ( very quietly ) yeah . he go dejectedly to the window , accept the full measure of he defeat . the child , lose in this adult mystery only know that papa need cheer . francie we can still see the tree . neeley pop , the top floor tenant , the roof be theirs , and I be not goin ' to let anybody up there except henny gaddis because -- hey , do pop know ? katie flossie gaddis die last night . johnny ( instinctively ) ah , the poor baby . francie everybody say it 's a mercy , but I think it must be awful sad to die . johnny ( touch she hand ) well , I do not know , baby . maybe not , if you get to a place where thing be goin ' to keep gettin ' worse for you instead of better . Nice she mama get she all they pretty dress . katie ( impulsively ) only now it will mean the poor thing will have to lay in Potter 's field . johnny ( quietly ) yeah , but she have the dress . Katie do not like this kind of talk , that make she kid brood over thing " way over they head . " katie ( abruptly ) you better show you papa the piano . johnny yeah , we better look at the piano , prima donna . francie ( go into the parlor ) the lady that be here leave it -- alone , Katie pick up the bank , and the scene cut to the parlor . johnny , under the fascinate gaze of he child , strike a chord . johnny good tone . it 's nice . ( he sit down , he spirit rise ) it would be nice if you kid have some lesson , now we get it . maybe -- it be not any good . his finger move over the piano and strike a note or two which suggest a song to he . he start to sing " Annie Laurie , " simply , beautifully . the child be spellbound . Katie appear in the doorway and listen a moment . she be move , not only by the sing , but by a obscure sense of guilt . she speak softly . katie I never hear you sing that before . it 's -- pretty . he do not look at she but go on sing . as though it be a reproof , Katie shrug , and leave the doorway . johnny 's song go on , all he long and defeat pour out . francie watch and listen with all she heart . after a moment , a faint sound of hammer come from the bedroom and we next see the bedroom closet and Katie kneel , hammer down the bank with a old shoe , fasten it to the floor exactly as it be in they old closet . in a dark corner the little bassinet stand hide , wait . the song drift in . Katie pause almost imperceptibly , listen . her eye rise to the bassinet . she go back determinedly to nail down the star bank as the scene fade out . [ E ] francie' classroom fade in , and we first get a close view of a well - fill Christmas basket on miss mcdonough 's desk and " a merry Christmas " card from the eighth grade . then the camera pull back to reveal miss mcdonough finish tie a bow on the basket , and the class in they seat . the room have some decoration for the Christmas season . miss mcdonough ( brightly ) well . this wind up a very pleasant term . and I be sure we will all enjoy we holiday more , know we have help some unfortunate family who would have have no Christmas dinner without this basket . ( she turn to the class to dismiss they ) and so a very merry -- oh , one last thing . this little pie miss shill bring up be leave over . it 's a bit crush , but -- anybody want it ? there be no answer from the class . they be all anxious to get go . francie have the impulse to speak , but be afraid to . her mouth water for the pie . miss mcdonough ( smile ) my , what well - feed boy and girl ... all right , class -- francie ( unable to stand it ) miss mcdonough . miss mcdonough yes , france . francie I -- I just remember -- I know a very unfortunate family -- they live in a -- a hovel , and there be two child , little golden - haire twin , and they be all starve ! the pie will -- will probably save they life . miss mcdonough know the story be phony . she eye francie with a barely perceptible compassion . miss mcdonough then you shall take the pie , by all mean . you can come and get it after class be dismiss -- ( smile ) -- which be now . merry Christmas to you all . CLASS merry Christmas , miss mcdonough . the class break up and stampede for the door , some of the youngster come past miss mcdonough 's desk , wishing she a add merry Christmas . -- this dissolves to francie stand in front of miss mcdonough's desk . miss mcdonough ( very kindly ) that be a very fine Christmas spirit , france , but -- it seem such a tiny pie to save so many life . francie it will not seem small to they , miss mcdonough ; even a little pie can look awful big if you have not have very much to eat for day and day . I will have to tell they to eat it slowly because if they eat it too fast on a empty stomach -- they will -- they will -- miss mcdonough do not say a word through this , but she level gaze be too much for francie . francie ( miserably ) it be not true , it 's all a lie . I want it for myself . ( desperately ) I will stay after school , I will do anything , but do not send a note home . francie be near tear . miss mcdonough take she hand consolingly . miss mcdonough ( gently ) I be not go to punish you , child , for be hungry -- or for have a imagination . at this magic word , francie look at the teacher incredulously . there be a little pause . miss mcdonough ( with a little twinkle ) you know , that 's something very few people have . it 's very precious . ( a trifle more seriously ) but it can also be dangerous , unless we learn how to use it . we everyday life be real and true , be not they ? but all the storey in the world , all the music , come out of someone 's imagination . so if we read the truth and write the lie , then they be not lie anymore , they become storey . like some of the very nice composition you have write , france . francie ( carry away ) like the one about my father take I to see the cotton field down South ? we do not really go . miss mcdonough well -- I rather guess you have not . but do not you think it would be still better if you would write about the thing you really know about , and then add to they with you imagination ? even storey should not be just -- well , pipe dream . pipe dreamer can be very lovable people but -- they do not help anybody , not even themselves . ( patting the wonder francie ) think about it a little . and now enjoy you pie and have a merry Christmas . francie ( in a daze ) yes , miss mcdonough . thank you , miss mcdonough . she go , so entrance that she be quite unaware of the pie she be carry . miss mcdonough look after she affectionately . the scene dissolves to a STREET with francie walk home so beautifully deep in think that she be still completely unaware of the pie . as she come to a corner she be meet by a impatient neeley , who have be wait for she . neeley for gosh sake , where you be ? you be suppose to meet I at -- ( see the pie ) where would you swipe that ? francie neeley , I be - I be go to be a writer ! neeley all right , but let 's eat the pie . francie look at the pie , surprised that she have it . neeley promptly take it and break it in two -- give she half and start on the other half himself . neeley ( he mouth full of pie ) come on , we get to get there about we Christmas tree ! francie ( come back to earth ) oh , golly , it be not go , be it ? neeley shake he head , already move on . francie start to eat she part of the pie as she follow , and the scene dissolves to a christmas tree stand in the afternoon . there 's a rather small selection of Christmas tree near the sidewalk . the Christmas tree vendor , a big man , be try to keep warm by flap he arm as he wait for customer . he have a head cold . a few other kid be hang around . -- francie and neeley appear and go straight to the biggest tree . neeley yeah , it 's still here . he be not get much time leave to sell it . the vendor come up , a woman customer with he . vendor ( to all the kid ) go on , beat it , you know I be not goin ' to throw them till midnight . you tryin ' to block the sidewalk -- keep customer out ? neeley and francie aw , you do not own the sidewalk . it 's a free country , be not it ? woman customer ( indicate " they " tree ) no , that one 's too big . I want a small one . as the woman leave they tree , francie and neeley breathe again . neeley ( look at the tree ) it 's awful big , to get throw at you . why do he have to throw them at we anyway ? why can not he just give them to we if he do not sell them ? francie if he just give they away everybody would wait and he would never sell any of them . ( she touch the tree gently ) gee , it smell good . as they settle down to wait the scene dissolves to the christmas tree stand at night . a number of excited kid be stand in two line , form a sort of lane , at one end of which stand the Christmas tree vendor , ready to throw the tree . at the other end of the lane stand a ten -year - old boy . -- the vendor let go with the tree , hit the boy with it and he go down . there be laughter and jeer . -- the kid get up , scratch and almost cry with disappointment . kid ( almost cry ) I -- I stumble , I could have -- another kid gimme a try , I be next . the boy who fail be shove aside ; the new boy take he place . the tree be pass back . the vendor heave it , and the boy hold he foot . there be cry of triumph . vendor all right , take it and get out . ( he pick up the big tree ) now , who 's man enough to take a chance with this here one ? francie push forward eagerly , but a bigger boy shove she out of the way and get there first . large boy I can take anything you get , mister , let she fly . francie ( fiercely ) I be next , that 's my tree ! vendor aw , go on , you be too little . francie I and my brother -- we be not too little together . vendor ( grin ) spunky , huh ? ( he pick up the tree ) all right , but if one of you go down , you lose the tree . large boy that be not fair , the two of them . vendor shut you trap ! who 's throwin ' this tree ? neeley and francie take they place , hold hand to brace themselves . the vendor raise the tree and let it fly . neeley would have go down but francie catch he . together they manage to stay on they foot . there be a approve yell from the crowd . vendor ( in gruff admiration ) all right , take it and get out . you get it comin ' ! the two come to , a little daze . then they grin proudly and start to drag the tree away . the scene dissolves to the kitchen at night , with Katie , johnny , sissy , Steve ( she husband , to whom she refer as Bill ) and grandma rommely in the room . they be drink coffee , wait for the child to come home . there be a awkwardness and constraint over the whole scene . it be Christmas Eve , which should be a very happy time , but conversation have be lag . -- johnny be play solitaire , and not look at anyone . sissy be watch first one and then the other , as she try to carry the burden of the conversation . sissy Bill think the same as I , we be goin ' to keep ours believin ' in Santa Claus as long as we can . grandma rommely ( nodd ) be good , yes . Katie have get up restlessly , and go to the window to look out . she have scarcely hear what sissy have be say . sissy watch she narrowly . sissy quit worryin ' about them , Katie , they will be here pretty quick . katie ( from the window ) they be not old enough to be out this late . johnny should have make them tell what they be up to . no tellin ' what kind of notion francie 's likely to get in she head . sissy they will be all right . there be no answer from Katie . there be silence for a while . then Steve yawn . sissy ( a little uncomfortable ) maybe we better be gettin ' on home and see them tomorrow . johnny ( quickly ) do not go . sissy give he a quick look . there be another little silence . then it be break by cry from outside . voice of francie and neeley pop , hey , mom ! papa ! Katie turn back to the window . johnny hurry across to join she , and the other follow . they look down , and from they angle we see , at the street entrance , francie and neeley , drag the Christmas tree . they have stop to call up to they parent . they wave and start on . the scene cut back to the parlor . johnny 's spirit lift . johnny Holy smoke , will you look what they go and do ! he dash out to help they bring the tree up the stair . Katie be relieved that the youngster be all right . johnny 's exit give sissy a little moment alone with Katie . sissy they be tryin ' to make a Christmas . help them , kid . her eye meet Katie 's levelly . Katie smile in answer -- a reassurance that she will try to make Christmas what it should be for they in spite of the constraint within they house . in the nolan tenement vestibule francie and neeley be now see drag the tree through the door . Officer mcshane come in and start to help . francie ( defensively ) it 's ours , we win it . neeley ( proudly ) looka my face , we get it throw at we . mcshane I be only wonderin ' if you could not use a little help . he pick up the other end of the tree and help they along with it . francie accept he geniality with just a trace of surprise . next we see the hall as johnny come run down the stair . he open the door and the child come in . all speak at once . johnny how in Jerusalem --? francie we win ! we stand up to them ! neeley looka my face , pop , looka my face ! mcshane , help with the tree , come through the door . johnny nobody around here ever see a tree like that ! francie we win it fair . neeley looka my face if you do not believe I . johnny I see you get the law on you side , too . mcshane merry Christmas to you , Mr. nolan , and it look like you be go to have one . johnny same to you , Mr. mcshane , and thanks . tynmore sister ( have open they door ) merry Christmas , Mr. nolan . merry Christmas , child . johnny merry Christmas , miss maggie . merry Christmas , miss lizzie . francie be not it a wonderful Christmas , papa ? johnny well , it be now , prima donna . imagine we have a tree like that -- and the nicest kid in the world , I guess . johnny and the youngster have start up the stair , drag the tree . the racket bring the neighbor to they door . johnny ( out of pure exuberance he start sing ) " Silent night , holy night - - " as they mount the stair , another door or two open . some of the neighbor have be in bed , some be still dress -- Mrs. gaddis , at she door , join in the sing . -- a man start to sing . mcshane open the door from the street and stand look up after they , listen . -- a little girl clap she hand delightedly . -- more singer join in . sissy ( to Katie ) he be not any older than they be . Katie be at the head of the stair . with she be sissy , sissy 's husband Steve , and grandma rommely . a man from the fourth floor join they . he sing . -- Katie be move , and start to sing . as she do , tear glisten in she eye . -- sissy be also move . her tear be more uninhibit than Katie 's . grandma rommely join in , in german . -- johnny and he child struggle they way up the stair . several people be sing now . -- neeley 's excitement somehow subdue . he find himself sing with the other . -- but francie be too thrilled and awed to sing . her eye be wide with the wonder of she father -- of what he have do to this people . this dissolves to the nolan parlor somewhat later . the tree , brace in Katie 's scrub bucket , stand in the middle of the room , pretty well fill it . the family be gather round the tree , and have be open various small present . grandma rommely sit in she chair near the window . sissy be on the floor with the child . neeley have several strip of court plaster on he face . the tree be sparsely decorate , principally with strip of color paper the child have tear . uncle Steve be stand on a chair , hang a few candy cane . the usual evidence of coffee and cup be about . katie can you put it higher , Bill ? steve ( mildly ; obey ) Steve 's the name . sissy that 's better , Bill . katie ( with a deliberate effort for johnny ) it be real nice of you friend -- of Mr. mcgarrity , sendin ' the kid they cane . johnny yeah . but neeley , open a package , break across . neeley aw -- old itchy underwear ! johnny think of all the fun you can have , scratchin' . francie ( take out a identical pair ) thank you , mama . they -- they be just fine . katie ( smile ) you know you hate them . francie ( a little shyly ) I get something for you too . she go to she couch and start pull out the large box from under it in which she keep she treasure . during this , Steve have dismounted , and grandma now take out of she bag a thick , home - make candle . grandma rommely I have make this candle for today . it be time now to light it . Steve and johnny take and light it . francie have pull out two small package from she box , and give one to Katie . francie merry Christmas , mama -- from neeley and I . katie ( open it ) Rose water and glycerine . it 's pretty -- what be it ? francie you rub it on you hand . neeley I think it 's silly . but francie say papa be always talkin ' about what nice hand you get . it cost a dime , but we have a seltzer bottle top in the junk . katie ( rub some on awkwardly ) my , I will be quite the thing , will not I ? francie ( give the other package to johnny ) this be for you , papa , from I and neeley . johnny open it and hold up a rather odd - look affair -- a watch fob make out of braid shoelace . francie it 's a watch fob . it 's make out of shoelace . I wove it on a spool with nail . johnny ( touch ) well now , if that be not about the nicest thing I ever see . he take he union button from he lapel and pin the fob on he trousers as if he have a watch . he make a little show of parade up and down with it , then toss a handkerchief over he arm like a waiter 's napkin . johnny ( bend over francie ) we be all out of mushroom under glass , madam , but I can tell you the time . francie maybe it 's kind of silly , with you not have a watch . johnny ( hold she to he ) prima donna , it 's the nicest present I ever get . and thank you , son . neeley you be welcome . I guess the shoelace be mine . everybody laugh . francie it be silly ... sissy ( gaily ) ai not nothing silly on Christmas . Steve clear he throat , and reach into he inside pocket , half pull out a parcel . steve I -- I get a little present here -- he be interrupt by a knock on the door . everyone be a little startle . francie go out to the kitchen to open the door . steve ( try again ) like I be sayin ' , I get -- but he be interrupt by francie , return with mcshane , who be carry a bag of candy cane . he make no attempt to come in , but take in the scene appreciatively . mcshane merry Christmas , folk . chorus of answer merry Christmas . sissy hello , handsome ! mcshane I be passin ' and see you light be still on and -- I get to thinkin ' I would like a hand in fixin ' that fine tree -- but I see somebody 's already provide you . katie ( charming and shy ) we can always use more of them , Mr. mcshane , and we thank you kindly . she take the candy cane . johnny would you come in and have a cup of coffee with we ? mcshane thank you , but this evenin ' be for family . I get to be gettin ' home myself , so I will be sayin ' goodnight , and merry Christmas to all . ad lib merry Christmas . good night . johnny follow he out to see he to the kitchen door . everyone be silent for a moment , touch by the little visit . johnny that be mighty nice of he . sissy he 's cute . katie Mr. mcshane be a fine man . grandma rommely he be , I think , sometimes a lonely man . steve like I be sayin ' , I -- I get something ' here -- I mean I gotta present for -- for somebody that be not exactly here . ( he extract a tiny baby sweater from he parcel ) grandma help I pick it out . it 's for -- you know who . sissy ( deeply touch ) aw Bill , it 's beautiful . look , everybody , look at the size of they little sleeve ! aw gee , I be not never be so happy , Bill , honey -- Katie turn from the tree and look at the sweater with a strange expression . katie I be goin ' to get some coffee . she turn abruptly and go into the kitchen , close the door . sissy ( on whom the impression be not lose ) I better see if I can help . she follow Katie . this cut to the kitchen . Katie be not bother with the coffee . she be stare out the window as sissy enter . when she hear sissy , she turn quickly to the stove and pretend to be busy . katie ( dissemble ) I just want a breath of air for a minute , I - - sissy ( quietly ) Katie . katie ( after a pause ) yeah . sissy ( come closer to help ) I be glad for you . Katie meet she eye for a moment in acknowledgment of the truth . katie I do not know . I -- I be scared , I guess . sissy you get no call to be . look at how swell they two be . katie yeah , I know . sissy have you tell johnny ? ( Katie shake she head ) you would ought to , maybe it would help he . katie yeah . ( she give sissy a affectionate smile ) we better take the coffee in . sissy you be a fine girl , Katie . I never say any different . they eye hold for a minute with a feel of understanding between they . then sissy pick up some cup and take they into the other room . Katie prepare to follow . this cut to the parlor as sissy come in with the cup . johnny be pick out a tune on the piano ; the child be beside he . -- sissy pause for a moment and look at johnny , with francie lean close against he . to sissy , it look like a portrait of a good enough parent . -- she set the cup down on the piano . then she bend over suddenly and kiss johnny on the top of he head . sissy that 's for nothin ' , johnny -- except maybe bein ' a nice guy . johnny look up and smile at she . then sissy break the little moment of feel between they . sissy coffee , everybody ! as she start to set out the cup and Katie come in with the coffee , the scene dissolves to the kitchen where the cup be be put into the sink . it be late , and the family be alone , carry thing into the kitchen , straighten up after the party . Katie be get ready to wash the dish . johnny do not do them tonight , it 's Christmas . I will give you a hand tomorrow . katie ( with a little smile ) you better give I a hand right now , before it slip you mind . johnny ( grin ) yeah , I guess you be right . katie and you better get to bed , son , before you go to sleep standin ' up . neeley okay . goodnight . he go to he bedroom , practically asleep . they smile . Katie start to wash the dish , and johnny and francie pick up cloth to wipe they . johnny Bill be funny , be not he -- nice , I mean . katie yeah , sissy 's awful happy . johnny there 's something ' good about Christmas , everybody be swell . francie papa , why do grandma say Mr. mcshane be lonely ? johnny I do not know , maybe he be at that . katie how do you mean , johnny ? what do you know about he ? johnny oh , some . he 's a fine man . come to this country with nothin' , work hard , study to get on the force . some folk be kind to he when he first come , he live with them , and then they daughter be in trouble , she husband run off and leave she when she be goin ' to have a kid . so mcshane marry she to take care of she . katie have they get -- child ? johnny ( shaking he head ) there be a couple , but they die when they be young with lung trouble they take from they mother . he do not ever talk about it , but I guess he be kind of lonely . katie ( abruptly ) it be not right . johnny ( quietly ) no , I guess it be not . katie it be not right . why do she have to put she trouble off on he ? a fine man like he , steady and all , he ought to have a fine home , and child , that 's every good man 's right . Katie have no intention of say this . it come from she a little too violently , bear of she feel of desperation . but once say , it hang between they like a shadow . there be a little pause . johnny grow very quiet and the gaiety of the Christmas be go . francie , wide - eye , look from one to the other . she sense that johnny have be hurt . instinctively , she slip she hand into he . johnny , suddenly aware of the touch , look down at she and smile thinly , he hand tightening on hers . johnny that 's about all the dish , baby , you better get to bed . francie yes , papa . katie and go to sleep -- do not just lie there lookin ' at the tree all night . francie I will not , mama . goodnight , papa johnny goodnight , baby . francie go into the parlor and close the door . Left alone , there be a awkward little pause between johnny and Katie . johnny they be fine kid . katie yes , they be . johnny ( hang up the dish cloth ) that 's about all , I guess . there be a moment 's pause , but Katie make no move to go . johnny stand uncertainly . then abruptly Katie turn to he . katie johnny , I get to tell you somethin' , maybe it be not the best time , maybe it be . the reason I move we up here -- we be goin ' to have a baby . johnny , that 's why I be scrimpin ' so much and tryin ' to save . johnny feel that he ought to take she in he arm -- he would have if everything be really all right between they . but instead , there be a little pause . johnny ( quietly ) that 's -- I mean , I be awful glad , Katie , if -- if you be . katie there 's a lot we get to think about , johnny . johnny I know , but -- we will manage . maybe thing will be -- better havin ' one to kind of grow up with again . katie I get thing all figure out . I oughta be able to keep on workin ' till anyway April . then francie will have to leave school and get she workin ' papers . she 's young , but with what she can make , we can make out , and -- johnny ( instinctively ) aw , no , Katie , we can not -- katie ( quickly ) I do not like it any better than you do , but I think and think , and there be not any other way . and you get to help with something ' , johnny . she listen to you , you get to quit keepin ' she all so excited about she school , and -- johnny but Katie , why do it have to be francie ? neeley 's the boy , and he do not care like she do . katie maybe that 's why , maybe it will do she good to get out in the world and learn how to take care of herself , learn something ' practical while she 's young . she 's get to learn some day . johnny there -- there must be something ' else , Katie -- do not tell she yet , Katie , there 's time till April . maybe I -- I be goin ' to try to swing something ' . katie we can not count on that , johnny . ( then , defensively ) School be not everything , maybe sometime she can go back . ( she can not stand he look ) do not look at I like that ! it be not my fault ! ( she manage to get hold of herself a little ) it be not yours either , I guess , I do not know . ( turn away ) anyway , one member of the nolan family will get to graduate , and she come close , that 's somethin' . this small effort at optimism get no response from johnny . Katie harden . katie you better put out the light , and let 's try and get some rest . she go into the bedroom without look at he again . johnny stand alone -- look after she a moment , brood . his hand play with the watch fob , and he look toward francie 's door . after a moment he cross the room and very gently open the door to the parlor . johnny close the door and move softly to francie 's couch . the light from the window show she wide awake , look up at he . johnny I think you would be asleep , prima donna . francie be in a new mood , a little girl just step over the line into wonder adolescence . they both talk softly , secretly , alone in the world . he sit on the edge of the bed . francie uh-uh . I be -- think . johnny well now you ought to be careful about that , so many thing in this world to think about you might never get to sleep . francie papa . I might be go to be a writer . I -- I have just about decide . johnny ( gently ) I know you when you be goin ' to be a lady fireman . francie do not joke , papa , I be serious . johnny ( gently ) all right , baby . all I mean , maybe it 's better sometimes not to get you heart set on -- on just the one thing , oh , in case something ' happen , or - - francie ( scarcely hearing he ) she say , miss mcdonough , I mean , she say maybe I could be . she say I have imagination . do you think I have , papa ? johnny sure I do , baby . that composition of yours , they be fine . but -- francie she say I would have to work hard ; she say imagination be not any good if you be just a pipe-dreamer about it , you do not help anybody that way , not even yourself . johnny I see , yeah , a pipe-dreamer . francie I be not put it good like she do -- oh , I just understand everything she say , and now I do not , but -- I kind of still do . I wish you could have hear she , she be wonderful . forever and ever I will be glad you help I go to that school . johnny ( find it pretty tough ) you kind of like that school , do not you , baby ? francie yes , oh yes . and she say lot more . I have be try to remember -- she say even if you have imagination it 's better to write about thing you know about , so it will be true , and -- and the way thing be . I have be look at thing all day , to see they that way , only -- johnny only what , baby ? francie papa , the people in the hall when we bring up the tree , the look on they face , all friendly and nice -- why be not people like that all the time , not just Christmas ? johnny well , I would say it be -- I do not know . maybe it 's just they take time at Christmas , or -- or maybe you ought not to think like that , baby . maybe Christmas be like people really be , and the other part be not true , and with all that imagination you get , maybe if you just think about it hard enough that way , you know , like it ought to be -- he flounder to a stop . francie but when you get to think -- papa , the people in aunt sissy 's magazine , they do not just live happily ever after , do they ? johnny no , baby . francie well , the trouble be -- it do not feel good when you think about thing like that -- I mean , the way they really be . she be really troubled . johnny 's smile as he look down at she be curious , gentle , and somehow infinitely sad . johnny you better stick out you tongue , baby . ( as she obey he ) just what I be afraid of . you get a bad case , a very bad case . francie case of what , papa ? johnny you get a very bad case of grow up , prima donna . she realize he be joke , and smile shyly . johnny ( gently ) that 's all it be . it be not fun sometimes , but do not you be afraid , I do not want you should ever be afraid . francie smile , then settles back , relaxed . almost as if in confirmation of he word , she make a small , almost unconscious movement of pull the cover up higher -- the first subconscious awareness of herself as something more than a child . it be not lose on johnny . francie ( sighing deeply ) you be so nice , papa . I be feel kind of funny before you come in . now I feel good . ( she yawn contentedly ) I guess it 's better if you do not just stay young all you life ; it will be nicer grow up . johnny look at she for a long moment , then get to he foot . he have have about all he can take , and there be a weariness about he . his eye be shadow by the vision of that not far distant day when francie will no longer look at he with the eye of a child , but will see he as Katie see he , and as he see himself . johnny ( very quietly ) yeah . when you begin to see thing like they really be . the bitterness of he meaning be lose on francie . he bend down and kiss she gently . johnny goodnight , baby . francie ( drowsily ) goodnight , papa . I be sleepy now . johnny that 's fine , baby , that 's fine . he go out and close the door quietly . francie be half - asleep . back in the kitchen , johnny stand a moment near the door . then mechanically he turn off the gas . there be a light from Katie 's bedroom . he cross to the door and stop at the bedroom . Katie be in bed in the background , a arm over she eye to shield they from the light . a feel of revulsion come over johnny . how can she lie there so peacefully , so soon after make she decision about francie ? at that moment it would be inconceivable for johnny to go into that room and lie down beside she . he turn abruptly and start to go . Katie stir . katie ( sleepily ) ai not you comin ' to bed , johnny ? johnny I be goin ' out for a little walk . he move out into the kitchen . Katie sit up . katie do not start drinkin ' , not tonight , johnny . johnny , near the door lead to the hall , be take down he hat . johnny ( quiet , strain ) I will not . Katie -- I will not . katie ( from the bedroom ) well --- take you muffler , it 's cold . johnny yeah . he go out . Katie be troubled for a moment , then give it up and lie down wearily . the hall be dark and desert . johnny start down the stair mechanically , slowly put the muffler around he neck . his eye be desperate as the scene fade out . [ F ] the sign of the waiter ' union headquarters fade in . above it be a banner with the legend " happy New Year . " this dissolves to the union headquarters in the late afternoon . Katie be at the desk talk to the man in charge . man no , mar 'am , Mr. nolan have not be around for several day . katie be he out on a job , do you know ? man if he be , he do not get it through we . katie thank you . as she start out , the scene dissolves to mcgarrity's SALOON . Katie enter , hesitates , decide to go on , pass the sign at the side that say " family entrance , " hesitates again and go in . this in turn dissolves to mcgarrity's SALOON disclose several customer , and quite a bit of noise . mcgarrity be behind the bar . a boy come in from the back room , speak to he , but we cannot distinguish what he say . mcgarrity look surprised , and start for the back room . we see the back room as mcgarrity enter from the saloon . there be a few people in this room . Katie be stand just inside the street door , a little uncomfortable . mcgarrity go to she . mcgarrity how be you , Mrs. nolan , and happy New Year . katie the same to you , Mr. mcgarrity . I -- I just come to -- ( she can not make it -- to ask about johnny ) I just happen to be passin ' and I think I would run in and thank you for the candy cane . it be nice of you . mcgarrity that 's all right . it be not much . katie well , it be nice of you anyway . ( then , after a awkward pause , she turn to go ) well , goodnight , Mr. mcgarrity . mcgarrity goodnight , Mrs. nolan . she get the door open , and then mcgarrity stop she . mcgarrity Mrs. nolan . ( Katie turn ) johnny be not here -- he have not be in since before Christmas . Katie stand for a moment , catch between gratitude for he understanding and the stubbornness of she pride . the latter win . she hurry out , and the scene dissolves to the nolan tenement at night . most of the light be out , but the light be still on in the nolan kitchen . this dissolves to the nolan hall as mcshane 's foot be see mount the stair , and then to the nolan door as mcshane come into view . he stand for a moment before he knock . almost immediately the door open to reveal Katie , still dress and anxious eye . -- behind she francie appear , in she nightgown , from the parlor , and stand wide - eye and apprehensive . mcshane I be afraid it 's bad news I be bringin ' you , Mrs. nolan . we station get a report that Mr. nolan be find over in Manhattan very sick . he 's be take to the hospital . francie 's eye be tragic but she make no sound . -- Katie turn without a word and pick up she coat . then she see francie . katie see that neeley get to school in time in the morning . there 's a apple for you lunch . francie stare at she as Katie struggle into the coat . mcshane the report be that he just collapse right in the doorway of a employment agency . he be just goin ' out on a job , sand hog in a tunnel , they say . he have not be drinkin' , mar 'am , he would be waitin ' there a long time for the job -- he be just sick . Katie be go out past he as he finish . mcshane follow and close the door , shutting out the tragic little figure of francie . this scene dissolves to a hospital corridor as Katie come out of a ward accompany by a nurse . the nurse close the door . nurse we do everything we could . katie yeah , I know . as she start walk down the hall , the scene dissolves to the hospital doctor' office , where Katie be stand in front of the doctor at he desk . doctor just a few question , Mrs. nolan -- date of birth and so on . katie what be you writin ' down that he die from ? doctor acute alcoholism and pneumonia . one lead to the other . katie I do not want you to write down that he die like that . put just the pneumonia , doctor . doctor I can not do that . pneumonia be the direct cause of death , but the alcoholism -- katie ( break through ) look , he 's dead . I get two nice kid . they be goin ' to grow up to amount to something . why do you have to make it harder , sayin ' they father die because of the drink , when that -- that 's only a little piece of the truth . he be not drinkin' , they say so , he be out look for work , why do not you put that down ? doctor ( after a moment ) Cause of death , pneumonia . date of birth ? there be tear in Katie 's eye , but something fierce , too , shine through they , as the scene dissolves to the kitchen . we get a close view of francie , dry -ey , stare out of the window . she be look down at the tree , hardly aware of the sordid conference with the undertaker that be go on in the room . then the camera pull back over the dialogue to reveal Katie , sissy , grandma rommely , neeley and the undertaker . neeley be cry . he stand next to he mother 's chair . her arm be around he , and from time to time she give he , half automatically , a comforting pat . undertaker it 's a first - class funeral with nickel handle on the coffin , and for two hundred dollar it include -- sissy ( bitterly ) ai not it odd that the best you can do come to just what he insurance amount to . undertaker I will make it one eighty five , and I will not be makin ' hardly a cent . katie ( dully ) all right . undertaker ( produce pen and print form quickly ) sign here , please . that give I the right to collect the insurance , and I will give you the fifteen dollar in cash now . grandma rommely ( as Katie take the pen ) read it before you sign . Katie pause , and stare at it for a moment . she look at neeley , who be sniff . then she look around for francie and see she at the window . katie francie . ( francie turn slowly ) you be the best reader . francie come down slowly , not look at they . she take the paper and study it , dry -ey . -- sissy study this strange shut - in quality in francie with compassion . francie it say what he say . she hand it back , and go back to the window . -- Katie sign the paper . the undertaker take it from she . undertaker and now , Mrs. nolan , if you have the deed to the funeral plot . katie plot ? we do not own no plot . I think -- sissy you be awful careful not to mention it till she sign . undertaker but , Mrs. nolan -- katie never mind . how much be a plot ? undertaker all price . twenty , thirty -- the least would be twenty . there be a silence . then Katie get wearily to she foot , and cross to the bedroom . as she pass francie , francie do not turn , but continue to stare at nothing out the window . once in the bedroom , Katie pick up a shoe-horn from the dresser , go to the closet , and as she start to pry up the star bank the scene dissolves to a cemetery where johnny 's coffin be in place over the grave . there be quite a number of people , and quite a number of floral offering , some large and some very small . the priest be read the service for the dead as the view move down the line of the nolan family , successively disclose : grandma rommely , eye close , lip move in silent prayer ; uncle Steve , he honest face full of emotion ; sissy , cry openly , the tear welling straight from she warm heart ; neeley , awed , sniff a little , stand close to he mother and hold on to a fold of she coat ; Katie , move , feel strange thing at the sight of all the flower , and all the people who have turn out to offer they affection to johnny 's memory . we get a view of the people , and the flower , as she see they -- mcgarrity , the man from the union headquarters , several recognize neighbor from the tenement , and quite a number of people we have never see before . the feel of all of they be so apparently genuine . johnny 's coffin be cover with they flower . Katie , see close , be a little bewilder . so many people love johnny , he must not have be just a failure to they . she look down at neeley , and then on the other side , at francie . francie stand , unlike neeley , quite apart from Katie . she be still dry -ey , lose . if neeley have lose a father and Katie a husband , francie have lose she whole world . and in she loss , she have no inclination , as have neeley , to reach toward Katie . Katie 's eye be troubled , a little puzzle , as she watch she daughter -- and the scene dissolves to the funeral carriage disclose katie , francie , sissy , neeley . the carriage be come down the street toward the tenement . francie sit dry -ey and aloof . Katie , still in the bewilder mood of the funeral , be try to puzzle thing out . katie all they people , and the flower -- some of them from people I never hear of even . who would have think that many folk -- I mean , they be carryin ' on like -- like they be he family , or -- I do not know . Katie be so intent on she own troubled problem that she be quite unaware of francie . but sissy be aware of what both of they be feel . she see that francie 's eye hold something like the beginning of hatred for Katie . sissy yeah , he take the time to make a lot o' people love he , all right . katie it 's hard to figure , so many of them showin ' up , and they be feelin ' somethin' , there be not no reason for them to put on . I mean , he be not nobody big , he be just -- sissy ( put she hand quickly on Katie 's arm ) I would not talk about it no more now , kid . she have see francie turn bitterly away from she mother . quite unintentionally Katie 's word have be a violation of francie 's feel about she father . this dissolves to the nolan tenement , the carriage just stop . francie , still bitterly tense , get out first and start swiftly down the street . Katie , climb out with neeley , see this . katie francie ! sissy best leave she go , Katie . she maybe want to be by herself . katie ( watch francie go , troubled ) she 's takin ' on kind of funny . she be not even cry . sissy best leave she come out of it she own way . katie ( not even hearing ) they be always funny together -- nice , I mean . they be like kid , they never run out of talk . ( after a little pause ) well , one thing -- he never live to see that change ; he beat that one . sissy you want for I to come up with you ? katie ( as sissy watch she try to puzzle it out ) and there 's something ' else , maybe that be it -- he be not drinkin' , they tell I , there be something ' drivin ' he -- maybe that be it , maybe he be tryin ' to be different like -- like -- ( she turn this over for a moment , then give up ) I do not know . she turn abruptly , without even say goodbye , and start into the house . neeley follow . sissy watch after she with deep compassion as the scene dissolves to a STREET and we see francie , all alone , come down the street . she pause in front of a little barber shop , and then go in . in the barber shop : the head barber , a little italian , be half - asleep in the first barber chair . the other barber be work on a customer . francie enter , and go to the head barber . francie ( hesitantly ) I would like my father 's shave cup , please . ( point to it ) it 's that one . barber ( look up ) oh. ( he take down the cup with johnny 's name ) you be the little girl . yes , I will clean it up for you . ( he start to clean it ) he be a fine man . tell the mama that I , he barber , say this . francie watch as he finish clean the cup and hand it to she . she start to turn away , and then ask -- francie be -- there be not anything else of my father 's here , be there ? barber no , that 's all he have . as francie turn and go , the scene dissolves to the nolan kitchen . Katie be alone in the kitchen . the door open and francie come in carry the mug . without look at she mother she go straight into the parlor . Katie look after she , force herself not to stop she . in the parlor , francie pull out she box from under the couch , add the shave mug to a carefully put away collection of memory of johnny : he tuxedo shirt , he waiter 's apron , he union button , the whisk broom with which he always brush himself before go out . her face never change as she slide the box back under the couch , rise and go into the kitchen . the kitchen : again not meeting Katie 's anxious eye , she cross the kitchen toward the door into the hall . Katie can contain herself no longer . katie francie . francie ( stop , but without turn ) what ? katie francie dear ... where you go ? francie no place . she get as far as the door . katie francie . francie ( still not turn ) yes , mama . katie the neighbor be awful nice , leavin ' all this food . do not you want a little somethin' ? francie no , mama . katie well , I -- I want to talk to you . I want thing to go on , the read and all , just like -- I want to do -- ( desperately ) I get to be mama and papa both to you now -- she have say the impossible . almost imperceptibly francie stiffen . francie yes , mama . be that all , mama ? katie ( sheepishly ) well -- ( francie start to go out ) you get to go right now , francie , I - - francie ( desperately ) I will be back , honest I will . she go out . Katie sigh , defeat , and sink into a chair by the table . after a moment neeley 's door open . he want to comfort she , and boyishly say the only thing he can think of . neeley Mom , I -- I guess I be a little hungry . Katie manage a smile , and reach out a hand to pull he to she . -- next the roof of the nolan tenement come into view . at the edge of the parapet overlook the city and the harbor francie stand , live out she own private ceremony for she father . she be unaware of the street noise which float up , unaware even of a woman hang out wash to dry on the roof behind she . she do not even know that tear be in she eye , because they be not the burn tear that give relief . she might be a very young and bitterly passionate priestess , dedicate herself . after a long moment of silence she lift she head and look up . francie ( very low , half in a whisper ) look -- he can not be go , he can not . they do not understand . maybe -- maybe you could let I have a baby some day , and it could be a boy , so -- so it could be just like he . it would have to be I , nobody else love he like -- like I do . maybe you could do that for I , and if you could -- he would not even -- die . she can not go on , as the scene fade out . [ G ] the kitchen fade in . francie be irone she school dress . Katie be just admit mcgarrity . he be constrain , have something to say and do not know quite how to go about it . he be in he best suit . katie ( as he enter ) I hope you do not think I be forward just comin ' in like this . oh , how be you , francie ? francie I be well , thank you . katie have a chair . francie , see if Mr. mcgarrity will not have some coffee . mcgarrity not for I , thank you . he do not sit down , but stand turn he hat . there be a awkward little silence . francie keep on with she irone . mcgarrity ( ill at ease ) I -- I figgered I would ought to come . you might say I know johnny pretty well , in a manner of speakin ' . katie ( with a flicker of humor ) yes , I guess that 's right . mcgarrity well , the first thing be , I guess you know how johnny and I do business . he use to give I money sometimes to keep and then draw against it , and when he -- I mean , I get to lookin ' around , and what do you think , I have pretty near five buck in he box . I -- I figgered it belong to you . he end very lamely . mcgarrity be not a facile liar . it do not fool Katie , but she be touch by he intent . -- francie , unnotice , stop irone at the mention of she father 's name . katie ( with little smile ) if you tell the truth , it would more likely be that he owed you . but I thank you very much . mcgarrity shift uneasily . he do not like be catch at be a good man . mcgarrity well , I -- I just think -- katie ( quietly ) we will make out . mcgarrity uncomfortably return the bill to he pocket . mcgarrity ( examine he hat intently ) well , there be something ' else . I be thinkin ' -- you know , I try to run a nice place , clean , so nice folk can -- well , who I hire be important , they get to be nice too , and I be thinkin ' that -- that maybe you would not mind if the kid come to work for I , afternoon like . I mean after school , and Saturday . maybe it be not just the kind of place you would favor them workin ' , but I would keep a eye on them . I could pay them two dollar a week a piece and -- I would take it as a real favor , mar 'am . mcgarrity run down lamely . Katie be really touch . katie ( after a moment ) you be a awful bad liar , Mr. mcgarrity . but you be a very good man . I be ashamed I do not know it before . mcgarrity ( uncomfortably ) no mar 'am , it be not that . johnny be -- I do not know , johnny be always talkin ' about he family like -- like folk ought to , only they do not ; funny , the thing he talk about pretty near always make you feel better , or laugh , like a sea shell I have down there he be always listenin ' to and tellin ' you what it be singin' . he be always givin ' thing like that to people . he -- he be a fine man , Mrs. nolan . mcgarrity 's tribute to johnny be somewhat confuse , but the feel behind it be so earnest that it can not be mistaken . -- francie listen intently . mcgarrity 's whole wish to do something for they be because of he feel for she father . -- Katie too be move . enough that she forget momentarily that francie be in the room . katie I would be glad for the child to work for you , Mr. mcgarrity . four dollar a week will keep we until the baby come , and francie will not have to quit school ; she can keep on and they can both -- she stop . she have not intend to say this . she look quickly at francie . francie 's eye refuse to meet she mother 's . she turn back and start irone again . mcgarrity ( sense tension he do not understand ) it 's a deal . tell them to come to the family entrance tomorrow right after school . be that all right with you , francie ? francie ( not look up ) yes . mcgarrity it 's all settle then . well -- goodbye , Mrs. nolan . katie ( gratefully ) and thank you again , Mr. mcgarrity . mcgarrity go a little awkwardly . francie and Katie be leave alone , and there be a sharp constraint between they . francie do not look at she mother . Katie study she , troubled . katie francie . francie ( irone ) yes , mama . katie I -- I be glad you can keep on with you school . I do not tell you because I be hopin ' something ' would happen . I do not want to say anything until the time come . but there be reason , you papa and I talk it over , there be not any other way -- francie still avoid look at Katie . francie ( quietly ) it do not matter . papa save I from it . she turn and go into the parlor , close the door on Katie as the scene dissolves to mcgarrity's SALOON . sissy enter down the street . she do not bother go around to the family entrance , but barge nonchalantly through the swinging door . two or three customer be visible . mcgarrity be behind the bar . neeley be put a ham and some other thing from a tray onto the free lunch end of the bar . the man look up , surprised at see a woman enter the bar . sissy ( to neeley ) hi , kid . they be takin ' chance I would not , leavin ' you handle the eat . where 's francie ? neeley ( with a full mouth ) Kitchen . sissy thanks . hi , mac. she wave nonchalantly to mcgarrity , and disappear through the family entrance toward the kitchen . the man look after she approvingly . in the kitchen , francie be dispiritedly cut some dill pickle into long length as sissy enter . sissy hello , lamb . francie look around , but do not light up as she generally do when she see sissy . francie hello , aunt sissy . sissy ( take a paper from the top of she stock ) how be you , kid ? look , you get to help I with somethin' . this be in the paper and I cut it out . you get to read it to I and -- ( she be suddenly aware of francie 's mood ) what 's the matter , hon ? francie nothing . I be all right , aunt sissy . sissy no you be not , kid , you be not be since -- look , have not you better spill it to you aunt sissy . francie ( on the defensive ) what be it you want I to read to you ? let I read that , aunt sissy . sissy well , we will get that out of the way first . look , here it be , likely you do not remember he , but it 's my last husband , Bill -- the one I think be dead . but he be not , he 's get he picture in here , and I get to know what it say . ( francie take the clipping and study it ) maybe it will tell where he be , so I can write to he about gettin ' a divorce or -- or somethin' . I do not want this here one bobbin ' up and makin ' no trouble . he 's a fireman somewhere , I can tell that by the clothes . he be just startin ' out in the fireman business when -- francie it say here he 's a hero , aunt sissy . he save some people in a fire . sissy do it say where ? francie the ninth precinct , Manhattan . sissy Manhattan , huh -- could not make the grade in Brooklyn , I guess . now listen , francie , I want you to write he for I . write this , " dear Bill - - " francie this say he name be roland pulaski . sissy that 's right , I remember . make it " dear Mr. pulaski : be I be now marry to somebody else , I want you to see about gettin ' a real legal divorce because I think you be dead , and because you get the money now on account of the reward . your very truly , sissy . " something like that . francie but aunt sissy , he must have already do that , because it say here he 's marry again . sissy it do ! francie ( read ) " on the human interest side of the story , Mrs. pulaski have return home only the day before from the hospital , after present Mr. pulaski with a brand - new son , the fourth child of the marriage . perhaps it be he pride that - - " ( look up ) so if he get a divorce that long ago , you do not have to . sissy then my bein ' marry to Bill -- this one , I mean -- be all legal . francie nod , and turn back to slice the pickle . sissy well now , if that be not a load off my mind . you know , I think I will send Bill pulaski a weddin ' present . francie but you can not , aunt sissy , he 's be marry for year . sissy ( this news bother she ) four kid , huh ? ( then , try to comfort herself ) must be a pretty sickly woman , this Mrs. pulaski , goin ' to a hospital just to have a baby . francie ( dully ) no. lot of people go there now to have baby . it 's better . sissy sure enough ? ( francie nod ) you know something ' , I be go to cash in my funeral policy and have my baby in the hospital . and when my baby be bear and life , I want you to write to that R. pulaski and -- and announce it ! ( she take a deep breath ) hey , do I feel better ! francie turn back to she work . sissy have be so concerned with she own problem , that she have hardly be aware of the apathy with which francie have share it . but now , she own problem settle , she look down at francie 's miserable little figure , she back turn as she work away at the pickle . sissy suddenly pull up a chair beside francie and sit where she can see francie 's face . sissy and now , chickabiddy , we be goin ' to talk about you . can not you aunt sissy help any ? francie shake she head miserably . francie I be all right . sissy but you be not , honey , not all shut up like that . ( francie do not answer ) I know how you feel , but you can not just keep hangin ' on to it . francie I be all right , I do not want to talk about it . sissy all right , baby , sure . but I tell you what , you can do something ' for I . look -- you mama feel awful bad too . she need you . why do not you talk to she about it -- francie ( with sudden bitterness ) she do not need I . sissy why , yes she do , hon , she -- francie no , she do not . she 's get neeley . why be not it neeley she be goin ' to make quit school , he never care about it . she do not love I like papa do . and she do not love he , either , not really . she hurt he . I see she . and he never hurt anybody . I be go to finish this grade because he give it to I , and then I will work for she , but she can not be papa to I , she can not ever ! this pent - up feel blaze out of francie with so much passion that it frighten sissy . when it be over , francie turn blindly back to she work , shutting out even sissy . move , sissy put a arm around she and try to draw francie to she . sissy aw , baby , do not feel like that , do not -- francie ( twist away from she ) leave I alone , I be all right . please go away and leave I alone . rebuffed , sissy be at a loss as to what she can do . the feel be so fierce that it frighten sissy . francie be cry , but it be hard and dry , not like a child ought to cry . she be fight it terribly , instead of give way to it . sissy ( helplessly ) all right , chickabiddy , all right . sissy turn helplessly and go out . shaken with she feel , francie try to go on with she work as the scene dissolves to a school room where francie , stand by she desk , be read a composition in the English class . francie ( read ) " but when he die , although many of the older people say he drank too much and be a failure , the little child take they penny and build this monument to he , because he be so good in he heart and they love he best of all . and after a time - - " francie be very earnest as she read this , carry away with this attempt at justification of johnny . to the child , it be pretty dull . but miss mcdonough watch she curiously , unable to understand quite what this be all about , as the scene dissolves and the classroom be see after the other have go and francie be stand again in front of miss mcdonough 's desk . she be troubled . miss mcdonough hold the composition . miss mcdonough -- and the sentence structure be excellent , francie , but there 's something else that worry I . if we be go to write , the choice of subject -- what we write about be just as important as the write itself . we ought to write about the best of thing , we should not choose a subject that be ugly and sordid , like -- francie have be listen miserably , and not look at miss mcdonough . but with this she head come up . francie it be not sordid , it be not . miss mcdonough ( surprised ) but , francie , I only mean -- francie ( interrupt ) maybe I do not say it right but it be not sordid . I will not write about it any more if you do not want I to . I do not care if I do not write anything any more . she turn quickly to go . miss mcdonough be bewilder by this outburst and would like to get to the bottom of it . miss mcdonough francie -- but francie hurry on out , and miss mcdonough know there be no use in try to stop she . the scene dissolves to the parlor . francie have the box of she treasure pull out from under the couch . she put alongside the apron and the shave mug and the other treasure , the composition about johnny . her face be hard and set . she shove the box back under the couch . then she pull out another smaller box which she have keep here for English composition . she pick this up and march toward the kitchen . francie enter from the parlor and carry the box of papers to the garbage can in the kitchen . fiercely she start to tear they up and stuff they into the garbage can ... she be never go to write anything again . -- the scene fade out . [ h ] a hospital room fade in , and we get a close view of a white - robe doctor bend over a table out of scene . the sound of he slapping a baby to try to start it breathe can be hear . we get a closeup of sissy in bed , half - conscious , as she turn she head to look in the direction of the sound . a nurse come into the scene and stand near the doctor . doctor ( quickly ) oxygen . the nurse go out quickly . we again get a closeup of sissy , and over it the baby beginning to cry as the scene dissolves to a hospital waiting room where Steve , Katie , neeley , francie and grandma rommely be wait , ill at ease . there be a couple of other expectant father in the room . Steve get up and pace a little and then sit down again , but nobody pay any attention to he . -- neeley be sit next to Katie , and Katie be watch francie , who be quite apart from the rest of they , stare at nothing out of the window . the hospital and the come of sissy 's baby have make Katie very much aware of the imminence of she own motherhood . -- in a moment Katie get up and move over near francie . katie ( hesitantly ) francie . francie yes , mama . katie I -- I want to talk to you , francie . francie yes , mama . katie it be not go to be long now -- for I . I mean , my baby . we can not come to the hospital -- there be not goin ' to be money enough even for the woman to help . for the first time , francie look at she . katie I be goin ' to need you , francie , do not ever be far away . neeley , he 's -- a boy be not no good at a time like this , I be countin ' on you . you -- you will not forget that , will you , francie ? it be hard go for Katie to put this much into word . for this very reason , it be so real that for the first time Katie 's need of she stir something in francie . she look at Katie a little wonderingly . in the background grandma rommely watch , miss nothing . francie all right , mama . I -- I will remember . in that moment they be closer than they have be in a long time . but the mood of it be break by the entrance of the doctor . through the open door a baby 's cry can be hear . doctor which one of you be Mr. Stephen Edwards ? steve ( rise weakly ) that 's -- that 's I . doctor ( to sissy 's husband ) well , there be three in you family now . you be the father of a pretty fine boy . grandma rommely ( quickly ) alive ? doctor very much so . he be a little reluctant about it at first , so I have to rouse he with a little oxygen . now he 's mad at I -- hear he ? steve ( hardly able to talk ) I get to see he . doctor well , neither of they be quite up to a visit just now . in a little while . he go out . grandma rommely ( quietly ) the learn . it be the learn that have save this baby . katie that 's fine , Bill . Steve be so excited that he do not know what to do . suddenly he grab up he hat and start out . neeley where you goin ' , uncle Bill ? steve ( stop ) I be goin ' out and get some strawberry ice-cream and a rattle for my son . and what 's more my name be not Bill , it 's Steve . do you hear that -- I be a papa , and my name be Steve . and it 's uncle Steve too -- Steve , Steve ! he go out and slam the door . the little family look at he in surprise . grandma rommely so ! we have a man in the family . she nod , well content , as the scene fade out . [ I ] the nolan tenement fade in , in the afternoon , as francie and neeley , with they school book , come down the street . francie stop on the step of the tenement . she take neeley 's book . francie as quick as we see if she 's all right , you go on down to mcgarrity 's and see if you can do my work too . I be go to stay here . neeley you be just gettin ' out of work , that 's what you be doin' . francie no , I be go to finish the scrubbing for she . she ought not do anymore , she be not feel good this morning . there be a new little note of authority in francie 's manner . she lead the way into the tenement and neeley follow as the scene dissolves to the upper hall and we see francie and neeley come up the stair . francie ( call ) mama ? we get a view of the kitchen as francie and neeley come in . Katie be nowhere in sight . francie ( apprehensively ) mama ! katie ( from the bedroom ) in here , francie . francie ( quickly , to neeley ) you wait . she go into the bedroom . -- in the bedroom , Katie be lie down on the bed . she be ill , and know that the time for the come of the child be near . francie enter , and stop , worried , as she see she mother . francie you -- you all right , mama ? katie give neeley a nickel to go after grandma and sissy . he can walk home after . tell he to stop at mcgarrity 's on the way back and explain . francie ( gravely ) yes , mama . she start out , but Katie stop she . katie get I a nightgown -- the bottom drawer . francie obey , and put it on the bed . Katie get up . francie stand stare at she , worried . katie hurry , do not stand there stare . francie turn quickly and go out . -- Katie laboriously start to stir herself to get into the nightgown . francie enter the kitchen . neeley be very frighten by what he have hear . neeley be she goin ' to die ? francie ( in a tone of assurance she do not feel ) of course not . it 's the baby . ( she get the nickel ) you hear what mama say . and hurry . and do not forget stop at mcgarrity 's on the way back . we can not lose the work . ( with a strange little pride ) she -- she just want I now . awed , neeley start out . when he be go , francie be lose . she do not quite know what to do next . she start to light the fire under the coffee , then listen for any sound from the other room . there be none . francie mama ? katie ( from the bedroom ) what be it ? francie ( relieved ) oh. I will be there in -- in a minute . she get the coffee start , and then go into the bedroom . -- the bedroom : Katie be in bed as francie come in . francie be helpless now , do not know what to do next . katie francie . francie yes , mama . katie do not go away , stay close by I . francie yes , mama . katie I do not want to be alone . what time be it ? francie five to four . I be -- I be fix you some coffee , mama . katie that 's nice . francie stand helplessly for a moment , then go again to the kitchen . -- francie feel the coffee pot to see if it 's hot enough , then get a can of milk and a cup . she pick up the coffee pot and start in with it , then decide to put it on a kitchen chair for a tray , and start with the whole thing into the bedroom . -- back in the bedroom , francie put the improvise tray beside the bed , and then wait . katie you pour it . ( francie obey ) be it dark out ? francie no , mama . katie it 's dark in here . francie I will light the gas . katie no , it will hurt my eye . francie put the cup of coffee on the side of Katie 's bed and put milk in it . then she go to Katie 's dresser and get what be leave of the Christmas candle and start to light that . -- Katie take a deep sip of the coffee . katie tastes good . ( she see what francie be do ) you be takin ' real good care of I . francie be I , mama ? she put the candle near the bed . she want so desperately to do something more , but do not know what . francie can I -- can I get you a glass of water , mama ? katie ( with sudden irritation ) when I want something , I will ask for it . francie yes , mama . katie do not just throw question at I , I be too tired . you better have some coffee too . francie obey mechanically . she be hurt . francie ( after a moment ) mama , -- even if neeley be a boy , would not you rather have he here , he 's always such a comfort to you . katie no , it 's you that 's the comfort now . what time be it ? francie I do not know , mama . katie get the clock . francie obey and go to the kitchen . -- Katie turn restlessly as there be a spasm of pain . -- in a moment francie return with the clock and put it down beside the bed . francie one minute to four , mama . katie be you sure it be not slow ? francie no , mama . katie maybe it 's fast then . francie I will look at the jeweler 's clock out the parlor window . she start to go , but Katie have not even hear she . katie the candle be pretty . like Christmas . that be the night I tell he . ( after a little pause ) it 's -- nice , havin ' a visit with my daughter . hey , that 's funny , you be drink you coffee . francie ( who have not know she be ) yes , mama . katie I do not want for you to have to grow up so soon . I do not want for you to quit school , I try to tell he that . he do not mind about the baby , but he never forgive I for wantin ' you to quit school . I tell he and he just go out . you never forgive I either . francie please do not , mama . katie he woulda buy you doll insteada milk , and I do not know , maybe you woulda be happier , I do not know . I never woulda think of givin ' you that school like he do . and all they fine composition of yours , I never read any of them . I should have have time , johnny do . ( she stir restlessly ) but I could not do any different , I do not know how I could do any different . what time be it ? francie five after four . katie wring a cloth out of cold water and wipe my face . she turn restlessly . francie , awed and frighten , get up and go to the kitchen again . -- she get a cloth and start to wet it and wring it out in the sink . she be frighten and terribly move . francie ( half under she breath ) do not let she die , please do not let she die . I will give you anything , I will - I will give you my write , I will never write anything again , if you just let she live . this be only half - articulate . she hurry back to the bedroom . in the bedroom , Katie be quieter again ; francie wipe she face with the cloth , and it soothes Katie so that she smile a little . francie mama , suppose the baby come before grandma and aunt sissy get here -- what -- what -- katie ( dryly ) I would not be that lucky . her eye close for a minute . francie watch she helplessly . in a moment Katie 's eye open again and she look at francie . katie you can see I could not do any different . neeley -- he do not like school , if he stop he would never go back again . but you -- no matter how hard it be you would find a way to go back , you would fight to go back . you can see that , can not you ? francie I -- yes , mama . katie read I something , francie . francie yes , mama . katie read I one of you composition . I never read any of you composition , it 's on my conscience . francie I tore all that up . katie no you do not , not all of them . francie can not I read you the Shakespeare , it -- it 's better . katie read about " ' twas on a night like this . " I would like to have something pretty on my mind . ( francie get the book from the dresser and open it ) sit by the candle . francie " the moon shine bright !-- in such a night as this when the sweet wind do gently kiss the tree - - " katie do you ever find out who troilus be , and cressida ? francie yes , mama . troilus be -- katie some other day , when I get time . read I one of you composition now . francie you will not like they , mama . katie you think about they , and write they , and get good mark on they , and I never read one of they . ( a little petulantly ) get they , I say . reluctantly francie go to get they . Katie stir restlessly . the pain be get worse . we see the parlor as francie come in , pull out the box from under the couch and reluctantly take out one of the composition . she start , back to the bedroom with it . in the bedroom , Katie 's eye be close as francie come in . see this , francie move very quietly , a little relieved that she may not have to read the composition . but Katie 's eye open . katie sit here . ( francie obey , but do not start immediately ) go on . francie ( not look at she ) it 's call " the man people love . " ( break off ) please do not make I read it , mama . katie read it . francie ( read ) " perhaps many people might have say of he that he be a failure . it be true that he have no gift for make money , but he have a gift for laughter , and for make people love he . he have the gift of make you feel proud to walk down the street with he . he have nothing to give but himself , but of this he give generously , like a king . and - - " katie like a king , that 's right , walkin ' down the street with he you always feel like that . francie do you , mama ? katie you be real smart to write it down like that , that 's like it be . oh , francie , I miss he so much . there be a new light in francie 's eye as she look at she mother . Katie stir restlessly . hardly know she be do it , she reach out a hand to francie , and hang on to she hard . she be more than half delirious now , so that she speech be disjoint . but at last johnny , and they feel for he , be in the open between this two . katie if the baby 's a boy , we will call he johnny . where 's sissy -- neeley 's be go a long time . wipe my face , francie -- no do not let go my hand . everybody love he , you could tell that at the funeral . maybe if it 's a girl we will call she Annie Laurie -- remember that tune he play ? you oughta have music lesson , maybe we can manage it . you will not forget to dust the piano , will you , francie ? who would cry about I like that if I die ? I never do a wrong thing in my life , but that be not enough . I do not mean to be hard , sissy , like you say . if johnny be here , he could go to you graduation and I would go to neeley 's . I can not tear myself into two piece , how be I goin ' to go to both ? where be you , francie ? francie ( frighten ) I be here , mama . katie you be such a comfort . I be so tired , leave I sleep now . her eye be close in half - sleep , half - unconsciousness . francie , awed , sit hold on to she hand and stare she as the scene dissolves to the kitchen , which aunt sissy and grandma rommely have just enter from the hall . they cross immediately to the bedroom . -- here , francie be still hold on to the restless , fretful hand . she stand up as sissy and grandma come in . she be frighten . sissy and grandma take off they coat and get ready to go to work immediately . sissy ( notice francie 's fear ) you better go out and start some water boilin' , chickabiddy . we will call you if there be anything we need . katie ( eye open ) I think you be never comin' . sissy you quit worryin ' now . she motion to francie with she head to go on into the kitchen , and the bewilder francie obey . sissy start look in the dresser drawer for cloth and the baby 's clothes . the scene dissolves to the kitchen , where francie be mechanically tend the water on the stove . the door from the bedroom open and sissy hurry out . she test the water with she hand . francie it be not boil yet . sissy you let I know when it be , I will take it in . you be to stay out here . francie ( want to help ) she -- she do not want any light , just the candle . sissy she 's goin ' to be all right , baby . sissy start back to the bedroom . francie ( troubled ) aunt sissy ? ( sissy stop ) I just want to know -- do she want I to stay out -- or -- the question mean so much to she , in she uncertainty , that she can not go on . sissy understand , and come back to she . sissy ( gently ) she say you be to stay out , kid . people always want to spare the one they love . she look at francie for a long moment , and then turn and go on into the bedroom close the door behind she . francie stare at it , then turn to the window and stare out . next , from francie 's point of view we get a view of the tree , struggle into life again . -- as francie stand look out at it the scene dissolves to the kitchen , and we get a close view of the bedroom door as it open and grandma appear . francie turn quickly . grandma ( smile ) the baby be here . and the mama do good , she sleep . a very small baby sister it be . francie be infinitely relieved . francie ( tremulously ) Annie Laurie . papa would have like that . as grandma smile at she gently , the scene fade out . [ J ] the exterior of francie' school fade in as child , dress for they graduation , be go inside with they parent , and this scene dissolves into the school corridor , where sissy be wait for francie , who come out of the girl ' washroom and join she . francie have on a very simple white graduation dress . excite girl be milling back and forth in the corridor . francie where 's grandma ? sissy ( chuckle ) I get she into a front seat so she will not miss a thing . as they talk they go on into the classroom . the exercise have not yet begin . there be flower on a number of the girl ' desk . as sissy and francie enter , one girl call to francie . bernice hey , francie , you better come get you flower . she indicate some rose on francie 's desk . francie know they can not be for she . francie ( call back ) they be not mine , I be not wear flower tonight . ( then , to sissy ) some of the girl , they family send they flower . sissy ( with a little smile ) they be on you desk , lamb , I would go see . francie hesitates . she would rather not . francie well , I have get to get my thing anyway . she go toward she desk . sissy watch she . francie come up to she desk . she make a show of start to get she thing together from the desk . as she do this , she look down at the flower . -- we then see a card on the flower . it read : miss france nolan . -- francie can not believe it . then she open the little envelope and we see that the card , which be in it , read : " to francie on graduation day . Love from papa . " -- francie stare , awed and frighten . she do not know what to believe , and a wave of emotion catch she . anticipate this , sissy step in beside she quickly . sissy he give I the money to buy them , way before Christmas . to make sure of havin ' it , he say . and he write out the card . francie stand unbelievingly for a moment . then it be too much for she . a wave of feel catch she , and she face go down into the flower . sissy know that in a moment there will be a flood of tear . sissy ( quickly ) come on , kid . a arm around francie 's shoulder , she hurry she up the aisle as the scene dissolves to the girl ' washroom . a girl be just leave as sissy lead francie in . sissy close the door , and they be alone . sissy now , let it go , baby . francie look at she and the emotion be too much . a sob catch in francie 's throat . sissy there , nobody will not hear you and I will not let nobody in . you just have it out . francie stand clutching the flower to she , and then the flood of tear break . francie papa , oh papa -- she start to cry as she should have long ago , and as sissy comfort she , the scene dissolves to the school auditorium where we see a line of child filing by to get the diploma which be be give out by the principal . there be applause at each name . principal Eugene bricker ! ( hold out the next diploma ) france nolan ! francie , eye shine , receive she diploma . -- sissy applaud vociferously . -- miss mcdonough applaud too , and she eye be a little misty . -- grandma rommely be too move to applaud . she have live for this moment . this be fulfillment . this dissolves to a ice cream parlor with several marble - top table . the nolan be occupy one -- francie , neeley , Katie and sissy . they be have ice cream . francie still have she flower . sissy be talk but Katie be watch francie and the flower . sissy well sir , I do not think grandma speak one word the whole time , and from the look of she when I put she on the streetcar , she will probably ride clear out to coney Island and never know the difference . Heaven only know what she would have be like if she could have get to both graduation . katie ( look at francie ) look to I like it be a pretty good day . you soda all right , francie ? francie ( look at she shyly ) pineapple 's not as good as chocolate . neeley then what do you order it for ? francie because I be up to the p's . I will try raspberry next . sissy ( laugh ) there 's something ' to that idea -- try everything once . at this , Katie giver she a significant look . at the table behind they a man pay he check and get up . man ( to the waiter ) and a dime for you , my boy . this be a special night . his party go out . they boy too have a diploma . katie ( smile ) he do not know how special -- two diploma in the nolan family all in one day . francie ( lean close to she mother ; whisper ) mama . ( Katie lean closer ) I get a nickel if you want to leave it . people do . katie it will be all right , francie . ( she lean back ) you know somethin' ? they be not goin ' to be the last diploma , either . I do not know how we be goin ' to work it , but -- her speech be interrupt by the arrival at the table of two boy , one auggie , whom we have see before , about neeley 's age . the other , a little older . auggie hi , neeley , how you doin ? neeley ( indicate he diploma ) okay , I get out o' jail . herschel ( auggie 's older brother ) Nice goin ' . say , be not it you I see workin ' behind the bat the other day ? neeley ( flatter ) yeah , but -- herschel ( with phony enthusiasm ) say , you be pretty good . you know what , I be comin ' out and give you some pointer some day . neeley honest ? herschel sure I will . ( look at the other ) that be , if you mar do not mind . neeley naw , she will not mind . the obviousness of he attempt to get introduce be apparent to both Katie and sissy . it amuse they . herschel well , I will see you on the lot . ( stalling ) maybe you better ask you mar . I do not want to do nothin ' she would not want I to . neeley aw , she would not care . sissy ( grin and come to herschel 's rescue ) maybe you better ask she yourself , just to make sure . I be neeley 's aunt , and this be he mar , but this be he sister . what 's you name , big boy ? herschel herschel knutsen . sissy Mr. knutsen , I would like for you to meet my niece , miss francie nolan . herschel please to meet you . francie hello . sissy ( to break the silence that have ensue ) Nice night if it do not rain . why do not you sit down , herschel ? herschel do so promptly , next to francie . herschel doin ' anything tomorrow afternoon , miss nolan ? it 's Saturday . francie I do not know . why ? herschel there 's a swell picture , Bill hart . maybe you would like to go . francie who with ? herschel me. francie oh . it be francie 's first date . sissy and Katie be amused and interested . francie hesitates and then pass the feminine crisis beautifully . francie well , I -- I might be busy . I will let you know . herschel ( docilely ) well , I will come around and see . neeley I think we be goin ' to play ball tomorrow . herschel we can do that any time , sure . there 's lot o' time . both neeley and auggie be overwhelmingly disgust with the foot of clay that herschel have show . auggie ( disgust ) aw , come on , hersch . herschel ( get up ) well , I will be seein ' you , miss nolan . francie smile , but do not answer and herschel and auggie leave . francie have make she first conquest . neeley ( in pain ) him , mushy ! sissy I be proud of you , chickabiddy . you handle he fine . francie be flustered , but it be very pleasant . katie ( smile ) it 's the hair that do it . ( then , reluctantly ) I hate to bust up the party , but -- they baby get to be feed . sissy Steve will need a little somethin' , too -- Three hour with the both of them . they make preparation to leave . the waiter enter with the check . Katie put a half dollar on the table . waiter thirty out of fifty . he start to take out some change . Katie hesitates , look at francie , and then at johnny 's rose . then she get to she foot . katie keep the change . it be a decision monumental in its importance . francie 's eye shine as she look at she mother . waiter ( surprised ) thank you , mar 'am . sissy why , Katie nolan ! katie I do not care ! there 's time when feelin ' good and -- and thing like that be important . I do not care . they gather they thing and start out . neeley take a last noisy pull at the straw in he drink . as they start out , francie walk next to Katie . as they get to the door , and the other pass through , francie hesitates a moment . francie ( shyly , to Katie ) you -- you want to carry my flower , mama ? Katie look down at she , a little tremulously . they eye meet , and thing be fine . Katie take the flower a little awkwardly . it be the measure of they share of johnny . they start out together . francie be close beside she as the scene dissolves out . the nolan kitchen dissolves in as Katie , sissy , francie and neeley be just enter . they spirit be high . ad lib you miss it , Steve . how be the baby ? they stop short as they see mcshane sit at the table with uncle Steve . each hold a sleep baby . mcshane get to he foot , embarrassed . mcshane I be beggin ' you pardon , mar 'am , but I just drop in , and you brother - in - law seem to be needin ' a little help , and the baby do not seem to mind . I hope I be not intrude . katie not at all , Mr. mcshane . sissy sit right down , we be just goin ' . ( she take she baby ) come along , Steve . katie ( to mcshane ) I will take she , Mr. mcshane . mcshane I would like it if you would leave she . her and I have get to be good friend . Katie hesitates and then comply . francie move about put she flower in water . sissy and Steve be get ready to go . katie ( to sissy ) I wish you would not hurry . sissy get to get this family of mine home . Steve 's get he milk to deliver to a lot more baby that like that bottled kind . they move toward the door . Katie go with they . sissy ( grin , and whisper to Katie ) quit frownin ' , Katie . the feller do not go for that at all . Katie flush but have no answer . sissy be enjoy the situation thoroughly . sissy ( to the other ) Goodbye , kid . so long , mac. mcshane ( grin a little ) Goodbye , Mrs. Edwards . francie ( come closer ) thank you , aunt sissy . sissy ruffle she hair a little , then suddenly bend and kiss she . sissy and Steve go . suddenly there be a little constraint in the room . katie well , I -- I will take the baby off you now , Mr. mcshane . she do , and sit down across the kitchen table from he . mcshane do not know quite what to do with the blanket that have be across he lap . conversation lag for a moment . mcshane you -- you get a nice family , Mrs. nolan . katie thank you , Mr. mcshane . there be another silence , and then mcshane get to he foot . he have something to say , but do not know how to go about it . then he take a long breath . mcshane Mrs. nolan , likely you be wonderin ' why I come here tonight . let you wonderin ' be over . I come on a personal matter . he pause and clear he throat . francie look at she mother uncertainly . francie mama , shall I go and -- mcshane no . do not be leavin ' , child . my conversation would be concernin ' you as well as you mother . ( he clear he throat again ) Mrs. nolan , I feel it be no disrespect to speak my mind at this time . the last thing I would intend would be any disrespect . but -- I mean , I be in line for a sergeancy now , and I feel that it have be a decent interval since the passin ' of Mrs. mcshane , God rest she soul -- katie I do not know , Mr. mcshane , I be sorry . mcshane I say nothing , Mrs. nolan , because it be near the time of you own bereavement , and I do not wish -- that be , I know it be barely six month now since you husband too , leave this world , rest he soul -- but intendin ' no disrespect -- and even without the sergeancy , I feel I be in a position to speak my mind now . so that when you feel a decent interval have elapse , I be -- I be askin ' to start keepin ' company with you , katharine nolan , with the object of a weddin ' when -- when a decent time have elapse . there be a silence . Katie look first at francie . francie smile a little . then Katie look up at mcshane . katie ( very simply ) for my part , I will be glad to keep company with you , Mr. mcshane . not for the help you offer , because I know we would manage some way . but because you be a good man , Mr. mcshane . mcshane there 's one more thing . there 's little enough I can be offerin ' to such a fine family , but it 's little enough I would be askin ' of the child . they father be a fine man , and I would have no wish to be tryin ' to take he place . it would be my intention to be more like -- like a real good friend . ( directly to francie ) as the eldest , could you be approvin ' ? his understanding about she father have be the win stroke with francie . she look at he squarely . francie yes , Mr. mcshane . mcshane I be thinkin ' it would not be right that I should ever ask the two oldest to take my name . but the little one -- the one that never look on she father -- would you think of let I legally adopt she ? katie ( smile ever so little ) if that time come , the child shall have you name . mcshane ( draw a deep breath of relief ) now I be wonderin ' if I could smoke my pipe ? katie you could have smoke any time , Mr. mcshane . mcshane I do not want to be takin ' privilege before I be entitle to them . he fish for he pipe with enormous relief . -- francie come to she mother and start to take the baby from she . francie help I put she to bed , neeley . neeley why ? francie to fix the blanket . she start for the bedroom , give neeley a gesture with she head for he to follow . Left alone with mcshane , Katie go to the stove . katie I will just heat up the coffee . will you join I in a cup , Mr. mcshane ? mcshane thank you , katharine , I will . in the bedroom , francie and neeley be put the baby in the basket . francie ( with a superior air ) they want to be alone . they have get thing to talk over . neeley oh . they finish tucking in the sleep baby . francie go to the window and look out . she be in a strange mood . francie neeley -- let 's go up on the roof ? neeley okay . he laugh . francie what 's the matter ? neeley he call she katharine . francie smile too , and as they start out , the scene dissolves to the roof , where francie and neeley be lean against the parapet , look out at the world . francie Annie Laurie mcshane . neeley yeah . francie she will never have the hard time we do , will she ? neeley she will never have the fun , either . francie we do have fun , do not we , when we be young ? neeley yeah . francie remember that olden day when we collect junk ? neeley poor Laurie . francie neeley , look at the tree , it 's grow again just like papa say . ( after a little pause ) I -- I feel kind of sad , like -- like we be say goodbye to something . neeley yeah . again there 's a little pause . francie neeley ? neeley uh-huh . francie be I good look ? neeley aw , what 's eatin ' you ? francie no , honest , neeley , I want to know . neeley ( grudgingly ) you will pass . this be high tribute from neeley . francie smile happily . francie you be sweet , neeley . neeley aw , cut the mush . content , they gaze out over the world which they diploma have make theirs as the scene fade out . screenplay by tess slesinger and Frank Davis additional dialogue by a uncredited anita loos adapted from the novel by Betty Smith ( Elizabeth lillian wehner ) the author 's original end ... in the manuscript of a Tree grow in Brooklyn in the archive of the Southern historical Collection in Chapel Hill , the novel end after the death of the father . the two child , francie and neeley , be sit miserably at the kitchen table look forward to a life of increase poverty and hunger . [ author Betty ] Smith write with she characteristic mixture of sentimentality and despair . francie say : " I believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and his mother , Holy Mary . Jesus be a baby like we be once . and he go barefoot in the summer like we do . I see a picture . and he have no shoe on . he live like other people live and he go fishing like papa do once . he be always where there be poor people .... " she make the sign of the cross as every Catholic do when speak of Jesus . then she put she hand on neeley 's knee . " but I will say now and I will always say - to hell with God ! " neeley put he hand on francie 's hand and echoed fearfully , " to hell with God ! " in the manuscript version , the novel end there . -- from a dissertation by Carol Siri Johnson Home geovisit ( ) ;