note part highlight in red — originally write . part highlight in blue — rewritten / altere / improvise . part highlight in g@riben — order of dialogue and event interchanged while filming . part highlight in teal — dropped due to various reason ( mention ) . written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aaranya kaandam written by thiagarajan kumararaja written by : thiagarajan kumararaja fade in : circa 400 BC nagadhuthan : vishnu gupta , edhu dharmam ? vishnu gupta chaanakya : edhu thevaiyo , adhuve dharmam fade out written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 1 . int . singaperumal 's house ( private area ) - day it 's a old house in north madras with lot of tiny room and dark passage , completely run down , paint fade , revealing a lot of wall texture and furnish by old , wooden stuff . it 's around 8 be in the morning . a retro song ( aatathil nee than aha raja raja ) be play in the background . single long , choreograph shot subbu ( 22 ) , a nubile young woman leave the bathroom after have she bath . she start wrapping she sari in the dress area . singaperumal ( 64 ) aka aiyaa , a despicable look old man with sharp , fierce feature , cough incessantly be shave he face . he see subbu change , through the shave mirror . he leave he razor on the tray and turn towards subbu . he start to lecherously fondle she from behind . subbu be freeze , mildly disgust with she predicament . he try really hard to make out with she . she do not protest , but lie like a log of wood . he 's unable to attain a erection . he breathes hard , cough and gather flem as he try to do she .he just could not fuck she . a disgust , helpless , silly subbu look at he crotch in fear and disgust aiyaa , infuriate by she look ( try to hide he weakness slap she tight . she look thoroughly hapless . in a low voice , fill with self pity - subbu ungallukku mudiyalena enna en adikareenga ? he punch she even harder , blood seep out of she lip . the background retro music grow louder and reach unbearable decibel . aiyaa get up and storm out of the room . written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 2 . int . singaperumal 's house ( boy room ) - day another run down room with very sparse furniture - a few bench , a significant chair , a roll top desk with a old , record player and a bunch of retro record on it . Old photograph adorn the wall . robin ( 21 ) , a lean , mean anglo-indian guy wear a figure hugging T. shirt which read ' Saturday night , semma tight 's be scan through he record , play the music . other guy in the room be chat and laugh . nagaraj ( 37 ) , a slimy look guy be play card with chittu ( 26 ) , who have a boyish charm about he . chittu look pretty hippy in retro clothes and styling . pasupathy ( 32 ) , a dynamic look smart guy be on the phone . aiyaa enter in full fury and shout at Robin aiyaa chi ! mairu Robin look terrify as he stop the record player . every body become silent , as they watch aiyaa go back to he room , close the door behind he . the atmosphere become normal again . sappai ( 20 ) , a vulnerable look lean guy with a innocent face and a clueless expression serve tea to the guy . nagaraj get back to he game of card after have a sip of tea . he look at chittu - nagaraj '' dei chittu , nee continue pandra '' chittu adhu simple pa ! ippo trainle poronnu vechiko .. edhirka aunty irukidhu . kozhandaya vangikkira sakkule , edhachum pechi kudupomille ? numma oorle enna pesinaalum , pechu rendu vishayathilethaan kadasile vandhu nikkum . arasiyal , cinema ! - pause - ' kadasiya enna padam paatheenga ? ’nu kettu appadiye develop panni oru main kelvi kekanum . - pause - written by : thiagarajan kumararaja unngalukku rajiniya pudikumaa ? kamal pudikumaa ? every body listen to he with utmost concentration . chittu idhuthaan main matter , ippudi than enakku neraya usar aayerukku - rajininu sonnaanu vechiko , utturu ! aana kamalnu sollichu , adhu jollu party machi ! ( giggle ) nagaraj adhu yenda appudi ? chittu . avuru sexaa iruparilla ?... Technology the guy be totally zap at he psycho analytic theory . chittu theriyada auntyngala irundalum ippudi usar pannidalanm ... nagaraj ( quick n curious ) appo therinja auntygala irundhaa ? chittu unnaku kalyaanam aayiduchaanu kekanum ? nagaraj ( snap ) unnaku therinjavunga thaana ? aachaa illiyaanu unnaku theriyaadhaa ? chittu ( instantly ) adhu avangalukku theriyaadhaa ?... appathaan nee try panrennu avanga therinjipaanga ?? - pause - yeppadiya patta aunty ah irundhaalum naalu steple odanchidum ! sirikka vechu kavukkalam , aluva vechu kavukkalam ! the guy do not get the last bit , chittu written by : thiagarajan kumararaja edhaavadhu pesi aluva vechi , aadharavu thara maari matter mudichidalaam ! every body be impressed , but for nagaraj who look curious . nagaraj udhaaranamaa ? chittu udhaaranatiaa , unnakku kalyaanam aayiduchaanu kekanum . unnna pudichirundhuchinnu vayye ... summangatti '' illiyae 's nnu dupe uduva - sirichiginae nagaraj look in disbelief . chittu continue ina reassure tone . while pasupathy just ignore they .. chittu aayiduchunnu solraannu vechuko , sandhoshamaathaan irrukiyaanu kokki pottuko ! sila kusumbinga appavum ~ sandhoshamaa irruken ’nu solluvaalunga- vidakoodaadhu ! eppavum ippadiye irrukumnnu nenaikiriyaa ? ippove uncle unna madhikaradhili , - pause - aprom enna azhugaedhan ... aadharavudhan ... matterudhan ... ha!ha!ha ! chittu laugh triumphantly . nagaraj , still not convinced - nagaraj appavum aluvalenna ?? chittu , with a earnest tone come back with a immediate reply - chittu naan alludhiduvennae !! adhu nammaku aadharavu kudukumae ! ha!ha!ha ! matteru .. cat catch everybody 's tounge . chittu continue chittu written by : thiagarajan kumararaja adhukulle avlo periya aambalai irundhuchinna , naama pombalai aayida vendiyadhuthaan ! - pause - machi.. naan oru nooru auntya kavuthuruppen , adhula oru 3 aunty enna kavuthuruchhu ! ha! ha ! ha ! idhu sappai matter ! sappai look up at the mention of ' sappai matter 's . nagaraj , notice sappai and with a wick smirk - nagaraj enna sappai matter ? sappaikkuthaan matterae illeye ?? chittu ( look at he crotch ) appudiya ? other guy laugh , while sappai look helpless and manage a weak retort sappai ellam irrukku ... chittu bite he lip and try to look horny with a exaggerated surprise in he voice - chittu ellaaamaaa !!! they laugh . pasupathy look at they with mild irritation . nagaraj pat sappai on he shoulder - nagaraj sari , nee kelambudaa sappai enga ? nagaraj , with a evil enthusiasm point to he dick with both he hand and say - — nagaraj inga ! again , all laugh , except one of the guy , who look corcern for sappai 's predicament - — written by : thiagarajan kumararaja guy unnakku edukkuda indha vela ? vera velaikku poyen ? naan phone panni solren . nee poi avara paaru . sappai , with a clueless expression on he face - sappai yaara ? guy ivara ! ( point to he dick sappai look pathetic against he bully . nagaraj , with a genuine concern , nagaraj dai sappai , endaa ippadi sappayaa irrukke ? edhaavadhu panni irrukiyaa life -le ? sappi nod no suddenly nagaraj lower he voice and in a hushed tone - nagaraj aiyaavaye paaru - indha vayasila kooda , oru china ponna vechukittu , gunnu maari maintain panraaru !! andha perusu kooda chinna ponnu vishayathile engala yaarayum nambale ... unnathan nabararu , en ? - pause - enna not sappey - pause - seri kaalathukum ippadithaan irrukaporiyaa , edhaavadhu pannuviyaa ? ille sappai , fill with self pity manage a weak retort sappai ellam pannuven all the other guy , in a exaggerated surprised tone - written by : thiagarajan kumararaja other guy ellamevaa ? ?? sappai smirk carelessly - sappai idhukku adhuve paravaaille ! nagaraj , look up from he card and ask - nagaraj edhu ? sappai imitate they action of point to dick - sappai Thu ! areer nobody find it funny . nagaraj slap he tight . pasupathy look at nagaraj with disgust . pasupathy put down he phone and look at sappai with pity - pasupathy ei ) sappa , poi tea vaangittu vaadaa sappai do not get the hint . with a blank face - sappai vaanggitu vandhuten pasupathy paravaala innuonnu vaangittuvaa nagaraj aiy , nee iru pasupathy glare at nagaraj . this make the other uncomfortable . pasupathy noda at sappai ask he to leave . sappai walk out with the empty glass written by : thiagarajan kumararaja pasupathy and nagaraj still stare at each other be interuppted only by aiyaa 's entry . aiyaa walk around the room brush he tooth pasupathy raameswarathila irundhu oru kuruvi vandhirukku aiyaa , still walk , look at pasupathy pasupathy Cocaine powder . market rate rendu kodi , nammakkunaa 50 latcham ku tharenndraan aiyaa in casual , matter of factly tone - aiyaa en? avan akka enna love panralaa ? aiyaa go and sit in he chair pasupathy sarakku avanuthille - avan verum kuruvithaan . avanga kodukara cuttu avanukku pathala ... aiyaa think for a moment aiyaa yaaroda sarakku ? pasupathy , unperturb and cool - pasupathy gajendran aiyaa be shocked ( subtle ) and stop brush . he spit the foam . nod he head . aiyaa written by : thiagarajan kumararaja pasupathy adikkattum nagaraj get angry and retort nagaraj pasupathy ?? pasupathy look at aiyaa and snub nagaraj pasupathy aiyaa look like ' yes 's and ' no 's or he just stare . pasupathy seem confident pasupathy aana samalichikkalam . sarakku namma kaikku vandhuchinna , aduthu konja naalaikku market namma controlla irrukkum . namma powerful aayida laan . jiGininelinetaeityaaadalaan aiyaa look thoughtful , cough aiyaa risku aiyaa be very reluctant . pasupathy look determine pasupathy nalla deal ... aiyaa thoughtfully nod he head no pasupathy innaikku dokku aayiteengala neenga ? ungalukku vayasaayiduchule - inimae neenga velaikku aagamaateenga ! subbu 's bangle sound be hear . aiyaa look at other , who be silent , they look down . pasupathy onnu thonudhu , sollattaa ... aiyaa maintain a impassive face , other guy simply watch as pasupathy continue unfalter - written by : thiage pasupathy 50 latcham mattum kudunga . Risk ellam ennudhu . indha businessa naan panren . inime indamaari businessa fulla naane paathukiren . ungalukku 50 % , ennakku 50 % enna soldreenga ? aiyaa , look at he man briefly and turn to pasupathy , spit he paste foam out of the window still look at pasupathy . aiyaa make ' he 's face , where he freeze he face in a irritate smile , almost all he tooth be see but no sound be hear ( he genrally hold this for a while , till the opponent get really uncomfortable ) . pasupathy look away for a moment try to avoid aiyya 's expression but when he look at aiyaa he be still hold he expression , it then slowly vanish .he then speak in a flat tone - aiyaa ( to one of the guy ) naan saetu ku phone panni sollidaraen , 50 rooba eduthu vaipparu , nee poyi yeduthuttu vaa . aiyaa ( to pasupathy ) not poi modhalla sarakka check pannitu edukira velayapaaru . percentage ellam apkuruvim pesikkalam ... po . other guy be nervous and uncomfortable . pasupathy be cool and start to leave . aiyaa cagale , ( cap of reneweneee feu | not mm ons chittu , Robin and two other walk along with he written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 3 . int . maruti omni ( road ) . day pasupathi be in the front seat with the driver on he side . chittu , Robin and another guy be in the middle seat . there be dead silence and the air be tense . pasupathy observe they . they pass by a tea shop . pasupathy , gesture to stop the car . 4 . int . tea shop . day it 's a small tea shop , empty at the moment . a variety of biscuit , murukkus and snack be stack in glass jar on the counter . Robin pick a tea cake and munch . pasupathy and the boy sit around a small table . pasupathy pull out he cell phone and call . pasupathy mayilvaaganan saar , naanga vandhutom Robin stare at pasupathy as he 's on the phone . robin pasupathy pout he lower lip ( do not know expression ) pasupathy theriliyae , adhaana aiyaa stylu ? chittu , vehemently - chittu engallukku meresilaayiduchu ! enna panradhunne purila ... pasupathy look cool and confident pasupathy purilenna ? aiyaa enna solraaro adha sei . avarukkuthaane vela seiyara ? naai vesham potta kola ! written by : thiagarajan kumararaja mayilvaaganan ( 56 ) , a short , squatty man with bald head , and a huge tummy enter in white shirt , khaki pants and police boot . pasupathy welcome he with a smile may ilvaaganan ennaya pasupathy , kootama vandhuruka ? mayilvaaganan get inside the tea shop , '' ponmeni urugudhe '' song be run in the background . mayilvaaganan nalla paatu la ? indha ponnu enaku romba pudikum ya , paavam aniyaayama sethu poiduhchu pasupathy mayilvaaganan with a friendly disposition , may ilvaaganan pasupathy pull out a small 100s bundle from he pocket - mayilvaaganan , nonchalantly take the money and say - may ilvaaganan bawa lodge — pause - nee thookiriyaa ? pasupathy therile ... — pause - saar velile tt soliste maatengle ? written by : thiagarajan kumararaja mayilvaaganan think for a moment may ilvaaganan therile ... y i robin enna , gajendran idhu ! gajendran adhu ! avaru periya mairaa ? pasupathy aamaam , gajendran periya mairuthaan ! - pause - written by : thiagarajan kumararaja ( pasupathy narrate a grusome incident where gajendran bite off a mute woman 's finger . story here to be modify ) the guy have a smile creep on he face , that catch up , soon every body giggle guy oorle solluvaanunga , maatu kannula mgr theriyaraarunu . '' nee paathiyaadaanaa ? 's illenuvaanunga . avanukku therinjavanukku , therinjavan evano paathaanu solluvaanunga- written by : thiagarajan kumararaja adhu pola idhu oru build upputhaan ... idhelaam peela , nee adha nambitta ! - pause - paakka bayangara saarppa irupparu , aana sema mokkaba ivuru ... pasupathy just bite he lip and shrug he shoulder non - committaly . everybody have a sarcastic smile . the tea shop woman walk in with a teaholder fill with tea glass . as she silently leave the glass on the table , the guy see that she have only four finger in she hand . the guy watch she leave without a word with they jaw drop . only pasupathy be unperturb and start to sip on he tea . 5 . int . bawa lodge . kaalayan 's room - day it 's a seedy little room , with dirty peel wall paper , fade linen and flooring stain by all sort of stuff . there 's a single , tiny cot in the centre and a dirty door with filthy sticker and graffiti . on one corner of the room be 's a nice , handsome ' seval 's / rooster watch everything quietly . in the other corner be a large bunch of empty liquor bottle , a yellow bag with god picture on it , cigar , food , etc . kaalayan ( 42 ) , a thin famish guy with droop moustache and a crazy glint on he eye , he modulation be like that of young v.k.ramasamy . wearing white dhothi and baniyan he be still drink . a old man ( 58 ) , who be really short and fat that he girth and height be more or less equal look more drunk chat away with kaalayan . half way through they conversation - old man kaalaya ! sarakka kondu varavendiyadhu , koduthittu 10,000 vaangittu varavendiyadhu . apkuruvim rendu maasam kudi , kutti . the old man do a endear action to show ' kudi , kutti 's old man thirumba eduthittu varanum , kudukkanum - kudi , kutti ! written by : thiage a kumararaja ml old man enna poraama ? policekitte maatnaa pongalthaan / soup thaan . adhaan mudivu panniten - indha mora avanungalukku kudukka porathille .. avanungaluku badhila ivanungalukku kudukaporen . the old man pull out two phone number from he pocket and show it to kaalayan old man kaalayan ivanunga enna kudukaraanunga ? oru 15,000 ? 18 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja the old man raise he brow to show more . kaalayan , impressed - kaalayan 20,000 !?? Old man signal much more . kaalayan , in a hushed tone , fill with surprise - ( about to sip the drink ..stop ) avalava ambutta ??... appadi idhulaenna irukudhu ? xray kannadi maariya ? ellamey ammana kundiya therimma ? the old man nod he head .. old man ummm .... onnyume theriyadhu . marakatta maari kedakkavendidhaan . sornaye irukkadhu . kaalayan be enamoure . kaalayan ( disbelief ) aanggghh old man vellakaaran mookku podi.nasha matteru !! abruptly , he say .. old man indha panatha vechhi life 'le settlaayiduven ! kaalayan give a broad smile , feel happy for he friend kaalayan appo , adhukaga oru cut written by : thiagarajan kumararaja the dirty door with the graffiti open with a creak . kodukaapuli ( 12 ) , a wafer thin boy with extremely bony shoulder enter with just a thundu wrap around he hip , hair wet after he bath . kaalayan turn to look at he son the boy see he dad and he friend still drink . with anger in he eye , he go and hit the seval with he thundu - his eye still fix on the old man . kodukaapuli chi ! somberi kalutha , innum appadiye okkaandhirukku paar ! the old man be a bit shocked by kodukaapuli 's rude remark and mutter to kaalayan - old man kodukkapuli sooda irrukaano ? kozhia thitraana ille enna thitraanaanu theriyalaye ? kaalayan laugh cheerfully kaalayan enakum adhe doubt dhan the old man look offended and hurt . kaalayan just look at he seval affectionately - kaalayan kodukaapuli , adhukku edhaavadhu theeni poduyaa , pasiyaa irrukkum kodukapuli turn sharply and snub he dad kodukaapuli chi , unvelaya paaruyaa ! kaalayan laugh with pride kaalayan ennamaa sonnaanyaa ? eppudi sonnaanya ? Old man look baffle oft ) written by : thiagarajan kumararaja old man enyaa , china paya - indha vaangu vaaguran ... unnakku roshamille ?? kaalayan nod he head no , all smile - kaalayan ennathukku roshapadanum ? yaaravan ? en rathamille !! - pause - endaa mavane , kodukkaapuli , appava innum renduketta vaarthaile vaiyudaa !! ha! ha!ha ! kodukaapuli just stare at he dad silently , while the old man be mildly disgust . kaalayan just mutter below he breadth to the old man kaalayan ippo thittamaataan , adhaan idea / technique !ha! ha! ha ! Old man just shrug off . kaalayan 's voice be fill with pride as he talk about he son - kaalayan avan , avanga ammaala maari - ségappullanegany ) | surull|/erop/pishakaralpayan roshakaaran ! adhu ... naan sothaellaam soodhaadi aluchitenille , andha kovanthaan ! Old man look at kaalayan , a humble poor farmer like man kaalayan paaka ippadi irrukennu neneikaatheenga , periya jameen kudumbam ! ippakooda , namma aranmanaya vaangi hotel aakitaanga mut taapasanga ... kaalayan become thoughtful and morose kaalayan ellamea pochu ! ippa kadasiyaa pottikada vechen ... therinjavanukku kadanle saaman kuduthen . kaasu ketkapona.. unnakenna jameen kudumbumnu sollittaanga . ketkamudiyala , a1 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja elayaa poitaanga! pavam - pause - sari , kadaikku sarakku vaanganumennu 2000 kadan vaanginen - ennavo rocket vaddiyaam . innikki 5000 aayipochu !! as the old man listen intently , kaalayan look very upset and start choke by this time , kaalayan panatha kudraanu meratraan ! avlo panathukku naan enga poven , Tho ... sevalathookittu vandhuttom . inna thethikku , adhuthaan enga kulatheiyam ! ennoda kadaisi sothu - adhu seichuthaan , kadana adaikkanum , namma kudumbatha kaapaathanum ! ¥aadi 6 m ) ehanga kaalayan have pick up he seval and hug it endearingly . kodukaapuli snatch the seval from he dad and snap at he - kodukapuli chi en sevala nee thodaathayaa ! kaalayan look at kodukkapuli gleefully , enamoure , break away from he pensive mood . Old man panic kaalayan at nammaldha irundha dhan yeppavo vithu kudichurupome ! old man kaalaya ?! yaarkitte kadan vaanginayaa ? kaalayan varaagamoorthy ...! with concern old man avanaa ? kaasu kudukalena , pondaati pullaya thookittu poi brothelukku uttuduvaanepaa ? 99 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja kaalayan nesanthaanaa ?! kaalayan start to cry in a low , howling voice with * thundu 's on he mouth . Old man pat he and try to comfort he old man sari.. varuthapadaadha , kaalaya ?! kudi.. ellaam seriyaayidum ! kodukapuli look at they with disgust . both continue to drink . old man kodukaapuli kovamaa irrukaan naan roomukku poren kodukaapuli ... naan vaaratta kaalayaaaa ... he stand up , nod goodbye . but just turn around , lie down and fall asleep right there . kaalayan see this and giggle . kalayan mabbu ... mabbu .. ha ... ha ... ha ... he pass out while point he finger at the old man , he giggle freeze and vanish finally . kodukaapuli look helpless as he watch the two drunk man . amidst silence , suddenly the alarm go off . kodukaapuli wake he dad . he drag he semi-conscious dad to the bathroom , wash he and put fresh clothes on he . by now , kaalayan be a bit sombre . kodukaapuli apply ' thiruneer 's on he dad 's forehead and they leave the room . 6 . int . bawa lodge corridor . day it 's a seedy , long and dark corridor - run down and dirty with tobacco stain , use plate , etc . 23 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja on they way out , kaalayan call the room boy - kodukapuli Anna , enga room la oruthar irukaaru la ? avara avar room la kondu vittudu not . room boy ok sir kodukapuli po anne room boy po da 7 . int / ext . singaperumal 's house . day aiyaa , look majestic in all white and white walk down to the Black ambassador . one of aiyaa 's man bring a yellow bag . aiyaa take it and leave carefully in the cupboard . he lock the cupboard and insert the key in he hip . subbu be sit next to the cup board , she be scared and she eye be fill with tear , she be sit in front of the tv but she do not seem to be watch it . aiyaa get back to the car . nagaraj be in the driver 's seat . kozhi man ( 32 ) , a well build , muscular man walk in with a handsome rooster . he leave the rooster in the back seat with aiyaa and take the front seat . aiyaa see sappai stand near the door aiyaa aiy sappai , inga vaadaa sappai run up to he . aiyaa pull out some money from he pocket aiyaa 94 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja the ambassador take off , leave sappai behind . 8 . int . singaperumal house ( terrace / private area ) . day sappai enter and switch on the tv . he start to watch action cartoon - power Ranger type subbu be in the terrace . sappai walk up to the terrace , leave the tv on . she look gloomy . there 's a flight pass in the back of sappai . sappat oruerrneeher magic - magic sappai bend himself and open he mouth wide . the flight appear to enter he mouth . he then hold he tummy and pretend to be pain . and as the flight come out of he butt he show relief . subbu be amused and give out a giggle , crossing she gloomy expression . as she 's giggle , she yelp in pain hold she cheek , which start to bleed inside the mouth . she feel the blood and wipe it off in she sari . they walk down to the room . she change the channel on tv to one of the Tamil network . he 's hold ice pack ( ice , wrap in muslin cloth ) and gently press she cheek . she keep watch tv impassively . sappai try to console she sappai aiyyaa adichitaarennu varuthapadaa - - theenga ; avaru nalla manushanthaan ... she get very aggressive , tear stream down she cheek she start shouting at sappai subbu enna nalla manushan ? ennakku avaru paethi vayasu irrukkum - thookitu vandhu vappatiyaa vechirukaaru - idhu dhan un nalla manashanaa ? - pause - hy written by : thiagarajan kumararaja innikku kaalile avarukku mudiyaamey poiduchu ... adha maraikaradhukku enna pottu adichuttaaru , avaru unakku nalla manushanaa ... sappai feel sorry for subbu and look very apologetic sappai ille upsetaa irundeenga , ungalukku aarudhalaa edhavadhu sollaanu nenechen ... subbu look piss and still cry subbu un moonji ... poda sappai sorry ... idhellam ennakku theriyaadhu ! adhanaalathaan naan sappai , yaarukkum enna pudikaadhu subbu lift hers head as she be cry subbu aana enakku unna romba pudikkum subbu , cry , lean on he shoulder . sappai yean ? subbu yeanna neeyum enna maadiridhan ... she hold he tight , sappai try to console she . she cry harder . subbu loosen 's she grip , then look at he , she kiss he . there be a uncomfortable silence in the air . they make out | 26 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja hy 10 . int / ext . maruti van . day pasupathi be talk to he girlfriend on the phone . behind , the guy be laugh and chat . chittu stop laugh - chittu naan onnu sollattaa - naan neriya aunty ushaar panniirrukken . aana , naan vaalkaile aasapadara ore aunty yaaru theriyuma ? all wait in silence for he answer o7 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja chittu subbuthaan ! chittu laugh but nobody be join he . they be too shocked to laugh . they all stare at he , completely knock off by he uncanny answer . chittu get a bit nervous by they reaction chittu endaa appadi paakareenga ? unnakku aasayille ? unnakille ? ( point to the guy ) ivara uttru - ivuru nallavaru ( point to pasupathy ) unnakille ? ( to Robin ) all remain silent . chittu continue confidently - chittu apparam enda enna ondi ippadi paakareenga ? naan edho periya kaamugan maari ?!!! other guy adhu paavamdaa ... chittu earnestly defend himself chittu aiy , naanum paasamaathaandaa solren ! pasupathy be busy on the phone with he girl friend , ignore they whole conversation . pasupathy veetleye iru , naan vandhu kootittu poren ... - pause - ( shout ) veetule irru naan varennu solrenla ??! pasupathy put down the phone . one of the guy seem curious guy yaaru ? anniyaa ? ir written by : thiage pasupathy tlle , sunni .. the other guy also get curious about the phone call and peep in . one of the guy grab the phone from pasupathy to see the caller id guy sooda irukaruba , kudu naane paakare ! Robin take a look at the basic phone model pasupathy be carry and be surprised chittu innanne idhu ? gappi phone pasupathy try to dismiss they off pasupathy pesaradu ketta podhum guy ennada ivuru !? video phonele nadigainga kulikaradha paakalaam ! ! pasupathy just grab he phone back pasupathy ithunoondu screen 'le athunoondu ennadaa paaka poreenga ? chittu try to compromise chittu venampa ! oru color phone , speaker phone pasupathy edhukku sbs@ksh)2|sevugaqnes2 the other guy look completely enthuse 29 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja yennaga svar ? robin dho namma chittuve irukkuran aunty’nga , namma chittu kitta pesaradhe ellaarum speakerle keppom paaru - semma wittu !! other giggle , while pasupathy be in disbelief pasupathy adhungalukku theriyaadhu ? other guy uhum ! pasupathy still be sceptical about the idea . his phone start ringing . he pull it out from he pocket pasupathy Ivan thethara aunty ’ngathaana , ellam dhadhingalaathaan irrukkum ! chittu seem a bit offended . chittu auntyngala pathi thappa pesadhe pasupathy ... idhu dhadhi - saarpu matterille ! idhu Technology ... he start talk hurriedly to pasupathy as he try to pull out the phone from he pocket chittu ippa speakerle paesare , avanga speakernu kandupudikalena , en auntyngala thappa pesinadhukkaga , enga ellaarukkum beer vaangi kudukanum , okvaa ? pasupathy be hesitant and restless as the phone ring pasupathy dei adhuku edhuku da ellarukum beer ? 30 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja chittu ellar edhirlayum dhane thappa pesuna , adhudhan ellarukum beer . pasupathy seri seri phone adikudhu , edu . chittu be firm , in spite of the incessant ringing chittu aiy , nee seekiram bet kattu , avanga onnum solla mattanga pasupathy , disturb by the ring tone agree pasupathy mmm chittu pick phone with a broad smile , switch on the speaker mode . chittu , look at the caller id ' aiyaa 's stop laugh and hush the other to be silent chittu shh , shh ! aiyaa , aiyaa !! chittu pick phone and put on speaker mode . chittu sollunga ... aiyaa ennadaa busyaa ? chittu start to speak with a fake casual voice , try to cover up chittu illaiyaa ! aiyaa apkuruvim enda phone eddukka ivlo neram , pundai / thoomae ? 31 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja there 's a small wave of giggle from the other . chittu show they action to keep it low - chittu pocketle maatikichu , edukka time - - aayiduchu ! aiyaa sarakku enga vandhirukkaam ? chittu look at pasupathy , who mouth bawa Lodge chittu bawa lodge aiyaa ( affectionate tone ) check post thaanditeengalaapaa ? other nod no chittu illa ! aiyaa seri , checkpost thaanduradhukulla pasupathiya poattu thallidu . aiyaa cut the phone . there be a engaage tone , onthe speaker phone . then there be a moment of silence after the engage beep beep . everybody be shocked . pasupathy take he dagger out in a jiffy and point it at chittu . everybody pull out they knife and point they at pasupathy 's face . one gun against the rest of they . - Long pause - pasupathy ( hesitantly enna da ... ellarum friend thaane da . pasupathy say that quite unconvincingly . chittu apparum nee edukku saamana eduthey .. mairu robin slowly take pasupathy 's blade away from he . 39 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja there be a uncomfortable silence in the car fill with tension . chittu to pasupathy - chittu naai vesham poatta kollachuthaan aavanum ? pasupathy ( in a flat tone ) ( naai vesham poatta ) vaala kooda aattalaanm ... again , there 's a long silence in the car . through the front glass , they see that they be approach a police checkpost . 11 . ext . police check post / car . day a patrol van be park with cop on they walkie talky . the guy panic as they gun be out . in a split second , they stuff gun into they unbotten shirt and scruff they hair . the driver switch on some music . now they all look like a bunch of youngster on a holiday . the car make a halt in front of the checkpost . a middle - age policeman approach they with a lathi and tap the car . policeman enga poittu irukkenga ? driver pondicherykku sir . policeman oodhu . . chittu try to put up a cool face . gegreg r0n1n enna sir , ippo dhaane pondicherykku poittu irukkom . 2 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja policeman enjoy the joke and turn away to leave . pasupathy unexpectedly try to irritate the cop . pasupathy the policeman turn back enraged . the other guy look surprised at pasupathy who continue in a loud , drunk voice . pasupathy the policeman peep into the car and pull out pasupathy . policeman policeman ei , erangu erangu erangu - pause - ei eranguda . i 34 written by : thiage a kumararaja pasupathy coolly get down with a slimy smile . chittu try to take control of the situation and start plead . chittu policeman grab he by the collar pasupathy start to act more arrogant and look at he gang 's guy . pasupathy the policeman look at the gang of guy . policeman eai !! neengallaam ponga da !! vandi yedu , vandi yedu . th a kumararaja pasupathy try to provoke the policeman even more . th pasupathy eai.. aiyaa kitta sollunga da . indha pasupathiya oruthanaalum onnum pudunga mudiyaadhu . the guy look grave . after a moment of silence , chittu reply with a naughty smile . chittu poi kasturi naanga pickup pannikarom . now pasupathy turn grave and close he eye to let it sink in . fade to black fade in pasupathy open he eye and the maruthi van just pass away . suddenly pasupathy 's expression change and he start to plead . pasupathy Sir sir sir sir sir .. please sir .. please sir | policeman a the policeman slap pasupathy and look satisfied . cnnaga noveiiiea ? the policeman . fe fail in 1200 fps . the bon slow and written by : thiage 12 . int / ext . song ( road , kozhi fight arena , sp house - priv .area ) . day a song start off as pasupathy run with the police chase he frantically . in between , he try call he girl friend . song be to be mix with '' this line be busy - please try again later / same thing in Tamil '' . ( acid rave kind of music ) . while pasupathy be run , parallely , the maruthi van travel with the other guy . kozhi fight happen between aiyaa 's kozhi and some other kozhi . kaalayan and kodukkapuli watch the fight , impressed with aiyaa 's kozhi . aiyaa look at kaalayan 's kozhi patronizingly . cut between all this and pasupathy run . bgm1 : subbu and saapey take a small break , feel a bit awkward , look at each other , breathe heavily ( exaggerated ) after the love make session . subbu just get up with a sheet around she . sappai look at subbu through a mirror and wink with the pride of a acheiver . subbu blushes . sappai pull she sheet playfully . she just come and wrap around he in full fervour like a kid . cut to : pasupathy run . he thrashes a biker and make away with the bike . the police be out of sight . bgm2 : cut back to kozhi fight arena . aiyaa 's kozhi gloriously win over the other kozhi . time splice shot of aiyaa 's kozhi jump . aiyaa be gloat in pride . as the music intensify , both pasupathy and he gang in the maruthi van head towards kasthuri 's house . pasupathy drive like a maniac crash the bike , do two stylish summersault on he bike and then he head hit the ground in slow motion . 13 . ext . kasthuri 's house . day it 's a small house with two floor in a lower middle class locality . in a road side shop , a lady be make masal vadai . a maruthi van stop in front of the house . kasthuri see they from the window . chittu mumble something to she . ar written by : thiagarajan kumararaja she shut the door behind she and walk out of the house . she get into the car without a word . 14 . ext . kozhi fight arena.day it 's a lively market area with lot of vendor and fill with people bustling across . a lot of crowd be gather around the main attraction , the kozhi fight . the crowd comprise mostly of man and a few child , who be completely awe strike . a couple of local thug be exchange bet money . few other guy be hold they seval and wait to fight . in the arena , aiyaa 's seval be fight with kaalayan 's seval . the fight be pretty fierce with aiyaa 's seval fight really well , dominate kaalayan 's seval . aiyaa be watch with pride along with nagaraj and he man . kaalayan be very upset and slowly start abuse he seval . kaalayan thiruttu mundai.. endirichhu kuthudi avana.. kuthu..kuthu !! yen sothhalaam muzhiinguttu okkandhuttu irukkayae di naadhaari mundai ! kodukkapuli be a bit embarrassed about he father , but keep mum . aiyaa smirk at they , the crowd scream cheerfully for aiyaa 's kozhi . kaalayan gunun kudukkaadha di , sanda podu di . guniyaadha di . yen jameen maaname pogudhe . sanda podu di sakkalathi mundae ! kodukkapuli get impatient and start reacting . kodukkapuli heuneeeeeeeinsseeees £ 68 on vaayladaan ya sani . moodittu iraen . neera sanda 39 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja kaalayan his voice trail off as he attention shift to the kozhi fight . slowly kaalayan 's kozhi give a arrogant look towards aiyaa 's kozhi ( exaggerated expression ) and start its attack . kaalayan 's expression and behaviour change from one of helpless grumble to arrogant optimism . kaalayan vandhuttaanya kattabommu raasa .. epdi kindamani kidu kidunga , pattakathi pala palanga vandhuttanya kathiya thookkikittu . nee podara podula andha potta seval mutta pottrunum . the loud cheerful crowd become silent when kaalayan 's kozhi start to dominate aiyaa 's kozhi . the air be tense and nagaraj and aiyaa 's man be restless . aiyaa look down in embarrassment . kodukkapuli notice all this , see that aiyaa be no ordinary guy , and try to silence he dad by give he look and gesture he to shut up . but kaalayan do not get it and get close to aiyaa and pat he to comfort he . kaalayan varuthapadaadeeha ... kaalayan seval kittadhaan thoathuchunnu sollunga . ellarum purinjuppanga . aiyaa get furious and push he away . kodukkapuli stare at they cluelessly . kaalayan brushes himself and get up offended . 40 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja kaalayan perusukku paaru da . kaalayan be unfaze and celebrate with full gutso . the phone ring and nagaraj pick up the phone and look worried . aiyaa get impatient . aiyaa enna da aachu ? by now kaalayan 's kozhi have win . he laugh triumphantly and start to sing and dance boisterously . aiyaa just grab the phone from nagaraj . chittu ( on the phone ) pasupathy thappichtaan . aiyaa 's face turn red and be completely flustered . kaalayan show off shamelessly dance in front of aiyaa with he seval . kaalayan kezhavan sevalu pottai.. podapothu muttai ... kezhavan sevalu pottai.. podapothu muttai ... kezhavan kozhi..ey ey kezhattu kozhi.. kezhavan kozhi..ey ey kezhattu kozhi .. aiyaa suddenly pick up the aruvaal next to he in a fit of anger , and charge towards kaalayan , who look shell shocked . the crowd be totally shocked and silent . aiyaa 's face and the stroke of the aruvaal seem as if he be go to chop off kaalayan 's head , but aiyaa sever the head of kaalayan 's seval , its blood spash on to kaalayan 's freeze face . total silence and shock in the air ; crowd be shell shocked , kodukkapuli be speechless and kaalayan drop down to the ground . a cool aiyaa walk away talk on the phone . aiyaa 4 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja kodukkapuli , after a moment of shock charge towards aiyaa , who be totally kodukkapuli in 15 . int . black aiyaa be still oblivious to this . aiyaa 's man brush off dismissive manner . ambassodar . day on the phone when the car take off . aiyaa mmmm .mmm . chittu ( on the phone ) ippo kasthuriya kaappatha thirumba namma kittathana vandhaavanunm ... aiyaa ippo kasthuri yenga ? chittu pakkathla dhaan irukku . aiyaa namma veettuku koottitu varaadheenga . avan thedittu modhalla veettuku dhaan varuvaan . aiyaa think for a moment to plan he move . aiyaa petrol fill pannikko . citya round adichune iru . vandiya orey edathula romba neram niruthadhe in a low voice .. aiyaa pasupathy varattum .. wait pannaraen . nagaraj intently listen to aiyaa , who have now gain back he composure . aiyaa kasthuri yedhavadhu prachana panarala ? chittu ille . 4 ? written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aiyaa appo neengalum pannadheenga . aiyaa look at he driver aiyaa veetukku po 16 . interior . singaperumal 's house . private area.day the movie '' 16 vayadiniley '' be run on tv with rajni and kamal on screen . sappai join subbu in bed who be enjoy the movie . sappai onakku kamal pudikkuma ? rajini pudikkuma ? she have a coy smile on she face . subbu yaen ? enna ushaar panna poraya ? sappai , with full pride in he voice .. sappai adhaan ella mudunjiduche !! she laugh shyly . sappai continue instantly . sappai sollu .. kamala rajniya ? subbu nee sollu .. sappai kamal ... avardhaan kaadhal mannan . ennama love pannuvaaru . ella heroinayum pudichhu tighta kiss adipparu . idhu parva illa .. hey Ram la rani mukherjeeya pudichi , kundiya kadichuduvaaru . sappai laugh flirtatiously . subbu bashfully - subbu enakku vijayakanth dhaan pudikkum . az written by : thiagarajan kumararaja sappai look bewilder . ( he have '' enna koduma saravnan '' write all over he face ) . sappai yaen ? subbu avardhaan Pakistan kitte irundhu indiava kappathuvaaru . thappu senjadhu yaara irudhaalum thuninju thatti kaepparu . ladiesuku oru aabathuna risk eduthu sandaipoduvaaru . sappai lovingly do drishti for she / just hold she cheek . sappai illa - rajni , kamallaye oruthara solen ? subbu with a straight face subbu kamal sappai laugh in disbelief . he chide she . sappai eai. . ne enakkagadhaana sonney ? she nod a yes with childish innocence . sappai feel proud about read she mind . sappai rajni ya ? yean ?? subbu treat it like a silly question with a obvious answer . subbu yaenna avar rajni . sappai yendha padam ?? there be a excitement in subbu 's face and tone . 44 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja subbu basha . sappai yaen ? subbu yaenna , naamallam avara appavinu nenachutu iruppom .. aana avarthaan periya basha sappai wonder for a second and continue ... . sappai enna maari , ellarum naan sappenu nenachuttu iruppanga , aana to yevalavu periya aalunu yaarukkum theriyaadhu . she smile with pride . he roar and jump on she like a tiger cub ( more sweet than horny ) . suddenly there be a knock on the door . the sweet mellow mood change to panic fill silence . they look at each other . sappai aiyayo !! aiyaa . subbu be freeze , sit on the bed with the bedsheet around she naked body . she start to get frantically dress . he gather she clothes throw around the floor and the bed and throw they at she . she take they all and rush to the bathroom . again , there be a knock on the door . he wear he shirt and desperately search for he pants , between sheet , under the cot etc .. he be totally flustered and panic stricken as there be more knock on the door . he sit on the corner of the bed in he underwear and shirt , totally break and start cry like a baby . tear flow from he eye , he mouth open , but no sound come out . suddenly subbu 's bathroom door open and she throw sappai 's pant from inside . the camera movement be frantic during the scene . sappai try to gain back he composure , wear he pants and rush to open the door . as the door open , there be no one wait . just two water can deliver in front of the door . he cry aloud , shut the door after take the can inside . subbu step out of the bathroom , fully dress . he sit daze . she look at he . when he notice she , she break down and come closer 4s written by : thiagarajan kumararaja to he . subbu sit on sappai 's lap and sound very vulnerable . subbu thirumbavum onna uyiroda pappaenne nenaikkala . sappai be unable to stop himself from cry . but , as she look at he , he control he tear , try to be a man . as she turn away he start to cry 17 . ext . STREET . day the whole bit could be shot as a single steady cam shot ; the street be fairly empty . kodukkapuyli be furious with he dad , who just look innocent and harmless . kodukkapuli poya pudungi.. kundi kaalatyan yei ! kodukkapuli , enna yenda vaiyirae ? kodukkapuli vaya vechittu summa irunnu sonnaenla kaalatyan naan ennada pannaen ? kaalaiyan just seem to have self pity , which anger kodukkapuli even more . kodukkapuli yen kozhiya nee yaenya thotta.. nalla jeyecha vellaiyela , yennayya appadi oru thukkirikoothu ? ommela vandha kovathula thanayya avan kozhiya vettunan !!! kaalayan just look naive believe in he innocence . kaalayan ada paavi un mela sathiyam ah naan sivane nu ninnutu dhane da irundhen , nee koda paarthutu dhane da irundha ? kodullapuli just lose it , pick up a stone and throw it at he dad in anger . it hit kaalayan , who stand 46 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja motionless , helpless and start run ( more like want to escape the situation ) . kaalayan run upto he son to embrace he . kodukkapuli be angry and restless . , but stop after a few yard . his anger vanish and tear flow in helpless desperation , kodukkapuli cry aloud yenda kann hotel azhugura ? kodukkapuli ellam poachhu.. enga akkavayum ammavayum thookkittu poiduvaangale . - pause - paavam ya avanga . kaalayan try to reassure he son .. kaalayan namma kaattu muneeswaransami appdi yellam nadakka uda maattaan ya !! appa to irukken illa ? kodukkapuli hurt he dad instantly , kodukkapuli poyaa ... nee waste . on hearing this kaalayan look heart break , kaalayan neeyum appdi solladha da - yen bella kunju . kaalayan try to hug he son , but kodukaapuli wriggle he fist . kodukkapuli , protest initially then slowly stop hit he father and react to he hug . it 's a long , intimate hug . after a minute , kaalayan release he . kaalayan stand up , they walk away hold hand . 18 . ext / int . bawa lodge ( corridor / old man 's room ) . day kaalayan and kodukkapuli enter lodge climb stair inside and pass by the old man room . kodukkapuli just peep in and the old man seem asleep . the bag of drug be in the background . when they reach they room , kaalayan start to open the door . kodukkapuli run over to the old man 's room , grab the bag of drug and run towards he room . at written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 19 . int . bawa lodge ( kaalayan room ) . day kodukkapuli enter with the bag of drug . in hushed secretive voice , kodukaapuly speak hurriedly ... kodukkapuli kaalayan be shocked see the bag and start speak ina hushed , secretive voice . kaalayan thirudittaa vandhe ? kodukkapuli ille .. kaalayan kodukkapuli eduthuttu vandhutten kaalayan eaii..adhu thappu daa .. kodukkapuli nsrgyagnemarkg , ednuvum thappilla kaalayan andha allu , adha vechu settle aagalaamnu irunthanda .. kodukkapuli un kaala uzhuvure saami , kelambuppa ... dad think for a moment . kaalayan saarayam vaangikuduthavan saami maari avanukku droham panna koodaathuda . ar written by : thiagarajan kumararaja kaalayan grab the bag from he son and walk out . kodukkapuli yeppa .. yeppa ... bsgsanai vane uve shot stay on kodukkapuli 's reaction . on he reaction , kaalayan 's voice ... kaalayan yele..andha aala konnuputtuaya nee ? from kaalayan 's face ( panic stricken ) , tilt down to he right hand carry the bag . kodukkapuli look shocked . kodukkapuli illa andha aalu thoongittu irukkan . kaalayan moochu varala .. sethu poittan . trezueth kodukkapuli ( loud voice ) on kooda sarayam kudichu kudichu daan ya sethu poittaan . nee dhan konnuttey they look at the array of empty liquor bottle from the previous night . kaalayan ( hushed voice ) naan avana kola pannala . kodukkapuli ( hushed voice ) kaalayan be silent . kodukkapuli think for a moment . kaalayan squat on the floor next to the bottle where they be drink kaalayan ( normal voice ) vandhaaru..paasama irundhaaru...kudichaaru..suruttu pudichaaru..posukkunum poittaru ? onnum puriyalaye ?!? kodukkapuli look at the empty bottle , cigar , meat piece and start in a hushed excited voice . 49 written by : thiage kodukkapuli yeppa ennakku purinjiduchu . znnada pursngucha unak ? nammma ooru la kaanama pona maadu thaana thrombi vandhapo , aatha enna solluchu ? adha kaatu muni otitu vandhadha sollichula ? - pause - ippo vandhadum kaattu muni thaaan . naama kashtappadardhu porukkamudiyaama yaaru odambu maeleyo vanduchhi..porula koduthuchhi..innadhu idhunu solluchhi..poyiduchhu.. indha aala namakku munna pinna theriyuma ? apkuruvim yen vandhuchu ? kaalayan look in disbelief . kodukkapuli continue with full conviction . kodukkapuli nshbslemmarerasey nana yenna padayal vachhirukkom paaru . both father and son look awestruck at the empty bottle , meat , suruttu and the yellow cloth bag with the image of kattu muni . kaalayan adhu kaattu muni thaan . apdiye irukudhe . kodukkapuli put the drug bag within the yellow bag . he walk out of the room but notice that kaalayan be still inside . kaalayan be apply thiruneer on kodukkapuli 50 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 21 . ext . bawa lodge corridor . day kaalayan and kodukkapuli leap out of the lodge . as they start walk away , gajendran ( 40 ) and gajapathy ( 35 ) arrive . gajendran sit on a chair with he cooler on , he head be slightly tilt and mouth slightly open . gajapathy be stand on the doorway with he man , thrashing ~ kuruvi 's room for the drug bag . one of gajendran 's man step up . henchman Anne , inga illanney gajapathy ozhungapoi paaruda . henchman written by : thiagarajan kumararaja gajendran stare at the old man 's dead body . gajendran ( to old man 's dead body nee mattum uyiroda irundha , otha onna kola panniruppaen . 22 . int / ext . singaperumal house ( boy 's room ) / lodge room . day subbu and sappai leave as aiyaa 's car enter the lane . ayya make face at subbu . aiyaa pick up the phone as he be enter he house . aiyaa ( cool tone ) romba naal aachu ?? gajapathy ( contain anger ) singaperumal . yedukku yen sarakka yeduthey ? aiyaa adhu yaar sarakku ? gajendran grit he tooth in anger . aiyaa sollu paa . gajapathy yen sarakku . aiyaa eduthuttu vandhadhu yaaroda aalu ? gajapathy ennoda aalu thaan . - pause - aana , pasupathy yedukka porannu news vanduchhu . aiyaa be still calm and compose . aiyaa appo nee yaarukitta pesanum ? 5 ? written by : thiagarajan kumararaja — pause - solluyaa ... gajapathy pasupathy kitta . aiyaa correct . idhu pasupathy numbera ? gajapathy illa . aiyaa sorry . wrong number . aiyaa look at nagaraj with he expression . mean while - gajapathy 's expression of disbelief with the phone disconnect sound . he slap the dead body like a mad man . his gang stand silent toneram avenunga sena gaandeayiruppan { 1147 kgyssqcouresneeoresey , aiyaa 's phone ring again . aiyaa sonnenla ? gajapathy ( over the phone ) eai baadu singaperumaal !! waatha . yennodadha kalappi yen vaaylaye vekkaraya ? sarakku value theriyumille ?!! otha ellarayum domsam panniduven . aiyaa ( in a serious tone ) eai gajapathy unga annan gajendrana pathhi ellarukkum theriyum !! un sarakka naan yedukka maatten . - pause - 8 written by : thiage pasupathy dhaan eduthhaan . gajapathy eai..ennaada kaasarey ? avan yeduthha yenna ? nee yeduthha yenna ? avan on aalu thaane ? aiyaa yen aala irundhaan.. ippo illa . gajapathy venaam venaam naan avana poattu thalliduven singaperumaal . aiyaa gajendran look at he guy . gajapathy ( to one of he guy ) HH back on the phone - gajapathy ( on the phone ) aana singaperumaal .. pasupathiyum neeyum game aadnineengana , illa yenakku appadi thonichhuna , unga ellarayum to naasti panniduven written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aiyaa gajapathy ... on kitta sollittaen . nambina nambu.. illena nee weightu dhaan . vaa yenkittayum aruvaal irukku .. paesi theethukkalaam / panjaayathu pannikalaam aiyaa put the phone down , think for a moment and instruct nagaraj . aiyaa gajendran kittayum sarakku illa . pasupathy innum anga pogala . - pause - indha avasarakaaranungalukku , anda kullayae kai nozhayaadhu . nee poyee nalla thaedu naalu paera visari . sarakku anga dhaan irukkum . yeduthukittu vaa . gajendran aalunga pasupathiya thaedei pottuthallatum . - pause - orre kallu la moonu maanga , hmmm ? nagaraj sarakku namma kaiku vandhududhu , oru maanga ! pasupathy ah gajendran potu thalliduvaan , rendu maanga ! appo andha moonavadhu maanga ? aiyaa adhu neenga dhan sir , po , po vela sei . 23 . ext . kasthuri house / singaperumal house . day pasupathy be injure . he be stand in frot of the masal vadai shop lady . pasupathy nee paathiya ? masal vada lady pasupathy look a bit disappointed . 55 written by : thiage a kumararaja pasupathy masal vada lady pasupathy pull out he mobile phone . aiyaa pick up the phone . pasupathy otha thevdiya paiyaa . aiyaa speak with calm authority . aiyaa pasupathy be bitter . pasupathy aiyaa laugh sarcastically . aiyaa ( suddenly serious ) pereeeeeende i okka blade , modalla onna kaappathikko . 5a written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aiyaa hang the phone . as pasupathy put down the phone , gajendran 's man , mullu ( 30 ) , a porcupine haire , thin , lanky guy be hold a gun to pasupathy 's face . four of he man include mottai ( 28 ) bald head , well build guy , stand behind he look menacingly . pasupathy mullu !!??!! interval 24 . ext . road near kasturi house . day pasupathy have ' what the fuck ? 's expression on he face mullu eai..sarakku yengadaa ?? pasupathy ( aggressively ) ' mullu release the safety catch on the gun . one of the other man kick pasupathy . man recenta kaetta sollamaattey ? pottul ) thallu da | 7 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja suddenly , with he head lower to the guy 's abdomen level , pasupathy head butt mullu in he stomach and flee . 25 . ext . road . day a chase sequence start off . start in normal speed , normal shot , change to hand hold chaotic shot , edit fast , this transcend to high speed . Shots with distort ambient noise between he clear lucid juggy vasudev kind of voice . as the chase get closer to the end , sharp cut and chaotic edit as oppose to slow motion . he turn around and do a kalari kick and grab the gun . till this point , he just run in defence without turn bck to attack . chase pasupathy ( mind voice ) kasthuri dangerla irukka . chase singaperumaal yenna kolla paakkaraan . chase gajendranum , kola aal anuppittan . chase tension ! tension ! tension ! ( fast cut with pleanty of shot CUT to very hi speed shot of pasupathy escape mullu 's attack R E L a X machaaan ... chase written by : thiagarajan kumararaja inga naan mattum ippo thaniya odale , en saavum koodave oddi varudhu . image of he reflection on the super market window pane also run with he naan varanundradhukkaaga kasturiyaa thookaraanna adhukku artham .. naan pora varaikkum kasturiya uyiroda vechiruppaan . ippodhaikku , kasturi safe adutha prachanai .. singaperumaal singaperumaal weightu naan thani aalaa onnum pannamudiyaadhu chase chase yeduraaliyoda yeduraali koottaali - idhu aiyaa sonnadhu ... gajendran ...aiyaavoda edhiraali .. gajendranum wieghtu ! aana , indha thevdiya pasanga enna thoratharaanga ... chase pasupathy turn around and see mullu chase he , follow by mottai . yosi ! yosi ! yosi ! yosi ! at this point , pasupathy 's face light up . he turn around , kick mullu 's gun and grab it stylishly when its mid air . he point the gun at mullu 's temple . pasupathy 's mind voice - 590 written by : thiage a kumararaja pasupathy koottaaliellam yeduraali aagum podhu , yeduraali yenna aavaraan ? mottai just enter the scene . pasupathy smile at mullu , drop the gun he be point at mullu and run away . ie written by : thiagarajan kumararaja during 2nd saranam , he try some mischief with she - like , carry something of hers and run away . suddenly , two random guy appear and start to whack he its earth / reality 28.ext . road . day the guy continue to hit he , say - guy aiyaa missus kittaye , baga adikka paakuria neenu ? subbu run up to they and in a panic stricken voice - subbu aiy , aiy ! niruthunga.. niruthunga !! guy bayapadaatheenga , naanga paathukirom ! subbu vidunga , vidunga ! avaru aiyaa oda aaluthaan ! the guy stop hit he immediately . subbu and sappai walk away upset . 29 . ext . railway station . day the small sub-urban station be completely desolate . subbu and sappai be sit glum face on a bench , wait for the train to come subbu indha oorle enga ponaalum aiyaava therinjavangalaaaa.. irukkaanga ille ? - pause - parakkum thattule , pacha manushanga vandhu , nammala vera ulagathukku thookittu poitaa , soopera irrulumille ? angathan aiyaa thollaiye irrukaadhu ! sappail padam paathomle anga irrukkumbodhu a written by : thiagarajan kumararaja naanum adhuthaan Nenechu paathen ... - pause - adhukku en avlo dhooram poganum , namma bombayve polaame ? subbu aamaayille ! sappai look proud of he idea sappail anga aiyaave yaarukkum theriyaadhu . anga daawood ibrahim periyaalaan ! cut 30 . int . train compartment . day train be empty , exept for a creepy beggar seat in a corner . subbu and sappai be sit in another corner . subbu make a face and cringe she nose as if something be stinking . sappai follow suit and close he nose . sappai without take he hand from he nose mutter ina soft voice , point he finger to himself first . he move he pointer finger from self to subbu to begger again to self . and shake he head in denial . subbu be clueless subbu ennadhu ? sappai restart from the beggar this time only this time its audiable sappail aadu , maadu , pasu , kusu ! this time ' kusu 's end on the beggar . they both giggle . subbu look dreamy - subbu bombay 's le muppadaavudhu maadile veedu vaangikkalam - bombay fullaa theriyaramaari ! sappail unnakorru caaru , ennakorru caar ! subbu a ? written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aanaa , en caaruthaan karuppu color sappai think for a bit - sappai ok subbu look a bit sad - subbu adhukkellaam neriya kaasu venumey ...? the beggar walk up to they and ask for alm . sappai nod no . she too nod no . the beggar seem persistent and sit diagnolly opposite to they , make they feel really uncomfortable . sappai try to ignore and get along with they conversation sappail naan pichayeduthaavadhu unna kaapatharen ! the beggar stare at sappai on this line subbu ille .. anga ponaa namma jammunnu trukkanum - pause - naan vena hindi cinemaale heroine aayidare , nee en manageraa iru ! subbu be excited . but , sappai just snub she with a straight face sappail onnum venaam subbu poraamai thaana ? andha hero - nga ellaam enna thottaa unnakku pudikaadhille ? sappail aiyae ! nee heroine - a nadichaa , aiyaa un moonjiya posterle paathu kandu pudichitaarunnaa ? ax written by : thiagarajan kumararaja beggar glare at they and turn sharply . they get creepe out and immediately walk away from the place they shift close to the entry / exit gate and stand there next to each other sappail avlo kaasukku enna pannradhu namma ? subbu ( playfuly enna panradhu ? thirudinaathaan undu ! - small pause - aana thiruda koodaathu ! mathavanga kaasa eduthaa , avanga enna pannuvaanga ? paavamille ?! sappai just stand there passively sappail um ... subbu aana , Gentle man padathile vara maari , kettavanga kitte irundhu eduthaa thapilale ? sappai look up and with a tinge of sarcasm - sappail aana , namakku therinja orae ketta panakkarar ' aiyaa 's thaan ! sappai giggle as the train come to a halt . the camera follow sappai - he get off from the train . sappai , after a couple of step on the platform , stop and turn around to see subbu , who 's still stand in the train stair subbu ( eureka moment ) appo , namma aiyaakittaye thirudittaa ?!! sappai have a expression like 123.6 x 321.46 64 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja | wh written by : thiagarajan kumararaja ta 66 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja iv written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 31 . ext . pani puri road shop . day a young north indian boy be serve pani puri 's to kodukkapuli , who relish it totally . kaalayan look cheerful / dreamy and the mood be upbeat . kaalayan pay the paani puri guy . Close up of kaalayan 's hand fill snuff box with cocaine . he be do this without kodukkapuli 's knowledge . kaalayan be yet to digest what he have just go through kaalayan ( wide grin ) yelai kodukkapuli , namma oorlaye koladeivathoda okkandhu sarakkadichadu naa oruthan dhan , idha sonna namma oorla oru paya namba mattaan illa ? ha ! ha ! kodukkapuli retort to he dad 's comment in a flat tone . kodukkapuli aaamam . sonna kundila sirippanga . nee yaarkittayum sollathe . kaalayan look at he son for a moment and then nod in approval . kaalayan rightu ... indha olagamey ippdidhaan . ehzhaiya kanda elakkaram ... - pause - oru panakkaran pleasurela vandhu erangaraan ... avan vetti avundhuvuzhudhunu veyyi ' adada , periya manusan ..vetti avundiruchhe ’nnu sollum . aduve nammalamaari oruthan vetti avundiruchhunu vaiyyu '' otha vetti katta therdhaa paaru .. naaikku 's nu pesum . panam romba mukkiyamda . ar written by : thiagarajan kumararaja kodukkapuli get a bit irritate with he dad . kodukkapuli apparum enna maithhukku sothhayellam azhicheeru ?? kaalayan turn very vulnerable and sound almost apologetic . kaalayan yemaandhutaenda ... ambuttu payalum appava yaechuputtanuvayya! ! he take he hand to he mouth n chin like a old lady while say this . kodukkapuli wipe he hand in he short after eat pani puri 's and feel sympathetic towards he dad . kodukkapuli pchhh ! uduppa . kaalayan again become hopeful . kaalayan orey phonela prachanai yelam theethupudalam suddenly kodukkapuli look upset and thoughtful . kaalayan get anxious . kaalayan yaen rasaa ?? ( in a be not it tone ? ) yaen rasaa ?? ( in a '' why '' tone ? ) kodukkapuli phone number irundha seettu roomlaye irukku .. kodukkapuli start run and kaalayan follow he . 32 . int / ext . bawa lodge.room . kaalayan room / corridor . day 49 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja row , theasyat as they leave the lodge , relieved , the same room boy point a finger at they . singaperumaal 's man , start chase they . mm written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 33 . ext. road.day after a small chase , kaalayan and kodukkapuli lose singaperumaal 's man . kaalayan look tired and angry after run for he life . kaalayan chee !! kandaaraoli . indha oorey pudikkala daa . modalla kozhiya vettinaanga.. ippo aalayey mudikka varaanga . oru jameendraarnu mariyaada tharamaatanugalo ? all through this , kaalayan clutches he bag real tight . kodukkapuli , ignore he dad 's angst look at the phone booth on the opposite side . while they be crossing the road , they argue about fix a price for the drug kodukkapuli evalavu kekkalaam ? kaalayan look at kodukkapuli as if the answer be obvious kaalayan evalavunna ? nee thaan sollen ... kodukkapuli oru latcham keppom . kaalayan look shocked . kaalayan okkala olli..odambula ottadhudaa ... ooran panathukku yen alayara ? rathal/buahislapeay kodukkapuli look at he dad in disbelief . kaalayan speak righteously . kaalayan 71 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja namakku evelavu kadan ?? 5000 rooba . kozhikky 2000 . vara poga sathharam saavadi- 1000 . oru 8000 a vaangippom . enna ? kodukkapuli get furious with he dad . kodukkapuli yoww ! nee muttaal maari nadikkaraya , illa nejamave muttala ? kaalayan , irritate with he son walk up to the telephone booth . as he call the number , he keep stare at he son . the phone ring and as soon as someone pick up , kalayam start talk in full speed . kaalayan hello , naan kaalaya sarakku yenkitta irukku . endha saraka ? vella karan mooku podi , bawa lodge . naan odadha mani koondukittaka irukkaen , aana enakku neram illa seekkaram vaanga . - pause - naana ? pacha vaetti , sandhana jibba , sattaiyellam ratham .... thundu , neenga ? - pause - sevappu maruthiy pleasure car a ? s@pi/séyal kaalayan very assertively add before the other guy can put the phone down . kaalayan hello .. wa¥appa rendu latcha rooba kondu vaanga . nourghelore kodukkapuli look at he dad , pleased by he bold move . kaalayan wink at he son and smile with pride . kaalayan ( to he son ) paathiruppey ... kaalayan brushes he moustache 719 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 34 . int . singaperumal house ( boy 's room ) . day nagaraj put the phone down after speak to kaalayan . he have a cheeky smile on he face . he immediately call the boy . nagaraj aei.. kommaly , avan odadha mani koondu kitta irukaan , po . 35 . ext. road.day the red maruthi van with singaperumaal 's man make a sharp u-turn towards mani koondu with a screeching sound . on the other side of manikoondu , kaalayan and kodukkapuli look cheerful . kaalayan eai kodukkapuli , oru unmaya othukkanum ... yenga appanavida onga appan buddhisaali da .. ha! ha ! ha ! both laugh in a carefree manner kodukkapuli hold kaalayan 's finger . suddenly kaalayan get a insight . kaalayan dei kodukapuli , varavvan nallavano ketytavano..nambala adichhu pottu pudingittu poittanna ?? kodukkapuli be genuinely surprised and impressed with he father . with a half smile and a awestruck voice ... kodukkapuli amaailla ?? kodukkapuli nee budhisaali thaanpa !! kaalayan ungappana pathi unakku therinjadhu avlodhan . no written by : thiagarajan kumararaja kaalayan be even more pleased that he son be impressed with he . he again rub he moustache and raise he eyebrow with pride . kodukkapuli naan poi olichhu vechhuttu vandidaraen..avanunga vandaanunga naa , candisana ( conditiona ) solliru .. kaila kaasu vaayla dosai . kodukkapuli run with the bag . kaalayan eai kodukkapuli.. yenga vekka poraee ... Boy scream over the traffic . kodukkapuli sollamaataen .. neer otta vaay . kaalayan smile with pride over he son 's naughtiness . he pinch the air and kiss it ( meaning he son ) kaalayan ambuttum vesom ! ambuttum vesom !! ha! ha ! 36 . ext . road ( with old car ) . day camera follow the boy . kodukkapuli run towards a old desert car bury in the soil with most of its part miss and in a dilapidate condition . he look around as he fake to take a leak , to see if somebody be notice he . after he be sure of he secret , he put the ganja bag in the dashboard of the car slyly . on he way back he see a ice cream vendor ringing the bell . kodukkapuli look tempt . he walk back to he dad with two stick ice creams and a big smile on he face . kodukkapuli 's Pov from a distance . kaalayan pull off he green thundu and wave enthusiastically . suddenly he realize something and start run frantically with he cloth bag . kodukkapuliu start to run after he after see this . aiyaa 's man take kaalayan away in the red 74 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja maruthi van . kodukkapuli reach the point gasp for breath . he stand there watch quietly as the ice candy stick melt and run near he foot . 37 . int . singaperumal 's house ( boy room ) . day the house be quite with aiyaa search for some thing in histable drawer . aiyaa eaii en silver pistol ah kaanum , nee eduthiya ? nagaraj illaye aiyaa look in the drawer for a second and look at nagaraj again . nagaraj sathiyama theriyadhu . nagaraj shake he head as ' no 's . singaperumal search on . the silence be break by he boy who bring along a violently protest kaalayan . he keep mumble '' thevidiya paiyya '' through he mouth in a muffle manner . kaalayan amidst he protest suddenly see aiyaa and freeze in shock . aiyaa see he , be equally shocked as he pan he face along with kaalayan 's movement . on the other side of the room be nagaraj , on the phone , not notice kaalayan 's entry . aiyaa be in surprise . aiyaa ivana ?? one of aiyaa 's other man turn around without any answer for aiyaa 's question . aiyaa look at he and say ina wonderstruck voice . aiyaa ( tamil accent ) ( it 's a ) small world . a servant silently nod he head in approval . aiyaa onakku English theriyuma ? 5 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja the servant meekly nod a no . aiyaa nod in approval and give he characteristic expression . nagaraj enter the same frame with aiyaa still on he expression . nagaraj phone vandhuchu , mullu kitterundhum , pasupathy escape aittanam . aiyaa 's expression change into a thoughtful mood . aiyaa naan nenaikkardhu correcta irundha , pasupathy ippo gajendran mayilvaaganathukku phone panni , vishayatha gajendranukku leak out panna sollu - naama sonna gajendran naai nambamaattaan 38 . ext . road corner / int . police station / int . gajendran 's den . day pasupathy be pace across the corner of the street with he cell phone on the car wait for the other person to pick up the call . pasupathy ( mind voice ) mayilvaaganan in he cop uniform pick up he phone , see the caller id on the other side , sit in the police station . pasupathy saar..onga stationla vechi mulla meet pannanum . arrange pannareengala ? mayilvaaganan just rub he tummy .. of written by : thiagarajan kumararaja may ilvaaganan avan vara maattanyy a.. gajendran aalu eppdi singaperumaal aala meet pannavaan ? pasupathy be cool and confident . pasupathy pasupathykku nu sollunga , mullu varuvaan there 's a small pause on both side . may ilvaaganan 2000 pasupathy sayandram tharen sir . mayilvaaganan have sarcasm in he tone and smile .. may ilvaaganan sayandaram varaikkum iruppaya ? he giggle and cut the phone . the giggle continue and he start dial another number . gajendran answer the call , sit relaxed in he de . may ilvaaganan gajendran ... kaila yevalavu kaasu irukku ? gajendran ( cool / flat ) enna maithukku ? may ilvaaganan onakku vediya oru information irukkuyaa ... cut 39 . ext . police station.day the black scorpio be park in a discreete corner with a view of the police station . gajendran be sit in the back seat , smoking , wear he regular cooler . gajapathy be sit in the front seat along with mottai in the driver 's seat . a soothsayer ( 20 - ) , a man with a charming pleasant smile , chandan in he forehead and a huge saffron turban approach gajendran . 77 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja soothsayer Kai paarkalaamey .. Kai paarkalaame !!! gajendran remain impassive as the soothsayer go on and on . soothsayer kadandha kaalam edhir kaalam appadiye soliduven . neenga enna nambalenu nenaikuren swami . swami neenga manasula rendu pookala nenachukonga , andha pookalin pera naan seriya sonna mattum en kitta kai neetunga swami naan sosiyam paathu soldren . .. and in he own characteristic manner .. start building up he case and recite he practice line . explain all its characteristic . which end up with he predict soothsayer pookkalla pala vidham undu swami , vasamulladu , vannam kondadhu jaadhi , mullai , samandhi , sembaruthi ippadi evalavo iruuku swamy , aana adhu alla neenga nenaichadhu , idhula neenga manasula nenachikittadhu aliyo , araliyo , thamariyo , kuvalaiyo illa swamy . neenga nenachadhu whitenu solakoodiya vellai nirathula irukkakoodiya pushpam apkuruvim , pinknu solakoodiya ilam sivappu nirathula iruuakoodiya pushpam neenga nenacha pookkal malligai poo , roja poo , corectaa swami ? gajendran , still impassive nod no . gajendran 's answer go against the business principle of the soothsayer . it baffle he . but he be very curious soothsayer illaya ? ( about to leave , turn back ) appo neenga manasula nenacha rendu poo gajendran prabhoo.. kushboo . tr written by : thiagarajan kumararaja the soothsayer be zap and look visibly upset . gajapathy and mottai have a sly smile on they face , but they face change when a auto arrive in front of the police station and a unsuspecting mullu enter the station . gajapathy be shocked . gajapathy ( to mottai ) ennada adhu ? motta thanks solla vandiruppan . gajapathy be puzzle .he stare at mottai mottai adhudhan appove sonnen neenga dhan yaarum nambalaye , dhoorathula enna suttan , pakathula irukura avana vitaan . gajapathy ennada unna suttan avana uttanukira ? gajendran listen calmly with he cooler on . gajapathy pull out a gun from the car 's dashboard and be ready to charge out with the gun . gajendran just hold he back and in a flat voice .. gajendran gajapathy .. idhu station , police station la vechu yaaraiyum poda mudiyadhu . - pause - mullu vandhutaanu paathutom la ? namba yedathukku varattum . okkara vechu pesalaam . 40 . int . gajendran 's den.day there be a long , dark corridor . it lead to a godown kind of a place . it be old and run down , with old , rusted iron table and chair . there be some picture of deity on one corner with fresh flower adorn they . gajendran be still sit in the steel chair near the table . gajapathy be walk up and down the corridor restlessly . mottai and two other guy stand in the dark corner look tense . mullu enter in a irritable mood and sit on one of the other steel chair . gajapathy try to sound calm . 719 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja gajapathy enna mullu late ? mullu ( irritate ) late aayiruchhu .. gajapathy cut he sharp . gajapathy enga ? Police stationlaya ? mullu , take aback a bit turn to gajendran to see he expression . he be still face . gajapathy enna pesineenga ? mullu answer gajendran instead of gajapathy . mullu onnum pesalayae .. gajapathy move closer to mullu . gajapathy onakku enna offer kuduthhaan ? mullu turn to gajapathy and refute strongly . mullu onnum pesalaengaraen illa .. gajapathy en? mullu en to ? avan oru loosu ku ! ro written by : thiagarajan kumararaja gajapathy sound sarcastic and angry . gajapathy onna seiyuradhuku chance kadachhum seiyalayaame ?? yean ? mullu look at mottai , he voice falter in tension . mullu sold la , oru vaati sonna puriyadha ? meal maadi gaali ya ? mullu 's voice fade away as gajendran start talk ina sarcastic voice with he back to the camera . gajendran kaasu kuduthu station la meet pandraan , onnum pesala , en to avan loosu ku . unnoda piece ah eduthu un nethi la vechu , dhoorathula irukurava sudraan , en to avan loosu ku . mullu look terrorise . other be silent and tense as gajendran go on . gajendran ida naan nambinaenna naandaan loosukkoo . mullu turn pale . gajendran very calmly pick up a karla kattai lie around and thulp the shit out of mullu 's face . mullu 's scream get lower and lower and finally die down . after he face become a pulp , gajendran stamp on he face with he leg , the action be similar to that of a mad elephant . 41 . ext . crowded road . day subbu and sappai be walk down a crowded street . subbu look thoughtful . subbu naama pannardhu thappu illiyae ? sappai nod no confidently . r1 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja sappai subbu ... puzhuva meen thinnum .. meena manushan thimbaan .. life appdidhaan . subbu appudi solriya nee !!?? subbu nod as if convinced . again she start off hesitantly .. subbu aana , naama correcta panniduvom illa ? sappai get into a serious mood with concentration in he eye . sappai naa oruvaatti namma plana sollidaraen . correctaanu paathukoo..umm ? subbu look at he with concentration . subbu ippo pogumbodhu aiyaa madhyaanam thokkam pottutu irupparu . naama nicea saaviya yeduthhu , beerokule irundhu bagai yeduthukkarom ... sappai point to subbu highlight she role . sappai poottittu saaviya munnamaariye vechuduvae - adhu ondi un poruppu , enna ? subbu nod yes . sappai continue ... sappai naan bagai yeduthuttu poyi annachi kadaila kuduthuttu , nano ammavo vandhu yeduthupomnu sollitu vandiruvaen . aiyaa ezhundha odane nee cinema ku ponum nu kelu , aiyaa unna thaniya va anupuvaaru ? enna dhane kooda anupuvaaru ? apdiye kelambi cinema ku pora madri poi bag ah eduthutu escape . 29 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja subbu repeat ... subbu escape they both have a broad happy smile after the word '' escape '' . sappai cinemakku 3 mani neram . poyittu varathukku oru rendu mani neram , 5 mani nerathukku singaperumaal thedamattaan subbu adukku1 12 [ sas naama andhra thaandirupome ! both smile again , innocently and hopefully . subbu easy ! sappai avalavudhaan ... subbu simple ! she say this and cross the road flippantly , without check the oncoming traffic . two auto come at great speed with bigile and son of gun sticker on it be about to hit she , but sappai drag she just in time and save she life . sappai ( silly pride ) paathhu subbu ... unakku onnumae therila , naan irundhathinaale thappichai ! hana nee dhan eppavun en koodave trupiye ! as sappai 's voice be fill with care and concern , subbu look at he with love and gratitude . sappai boast - 83 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja sappai naduvila aiyaava singaperumaalnu sonnaen gavanichiya ? subbu smile and nod she head . subbu bayam pogala.. aana dhairyam vandirchu . they cross the road silently . the mood be mellow . 42 . int / ext .singaperumaal’s house ( torture room ) . day the pleasant expression on subbu and sappai 's face turn to one of horror as they hear a ear-pierce scream . they rush towards the source of the sound and peep anxiously into the window . they see a fragile man , kaalayan sit in the chair . his mouth be bleed and he be cry helplessly . aiyaa , nagaraj and two other man stand there menacingly around the poor man . kaalayan plead . kaalayan yenakku theriyaadhu saami .. one of the guy , nagaraj slap he . aiyaa enga ? kaalayan yaen payyandhaan yengayoo vechhirukkan . the same guy punch he again . kaalayan 's head drop . aiyaa be unfaze . aiyaa un paiyyan yenga ? kaalayan look pathetic , bleed from he mouth and gasp hard for breath . he be too weak to speak . he try say something , but be not audible . aiyaa and he gang try hard to follow kaalayan 's voice . kaalayan again muster strength and speak in a low voice . the big guy punch he again . kaalayan scream at a higher pitch . aiyaa try to put he in focus . r4 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aiyaa yenga ? kaalayan yenna thookkittu vandha yedathhula dhaan irundhaan . ippo yenga iruppannu theriyalayae ... aiyaa look at he ' what next 's . kaalayan look at aiyaa pleadingly . kaalayan kaalaila en seval ah vettuna , manasula vechukala . oru jameenu kooda paakama ipadi aduchu potutiye , adhaiyum manasula vechukala , aand idhoda mudichukalaam enna ? haan ? kalayn try to make peace with aiyaa and extend he hand for a hand shake . aiyaa take he hand affectionately and pat it . aiyaa usgheheksm@ah , aana unmaya solla maattengaraye .. kaalayan ellathayumdhan sollittaeney . aiyaa still hold kaalayan 's palm , suddenly tear he middle finger and ring finger apart . kaalayan scream he lung off . sappai and subbu be totally shocked and scared shittless see aiyaa 's cruelty . kaalayan scream in excruciate pain . even aiyaa 's man wince at the brutal act . sappai be pale and look like a zombie in shock . subbu who be also shocked notice this . sappai bayama iruku subbu , sodhapitomna ? subbu rs written by : thiagarajan kumararaja idhoda vittudalaam . marandhudalaam . ini namma paathukkavey vaenaam . paesikkavey vaenam . tsqsgghuvebomhemy tndha plan geen , onnun vendaam . sappai 's face change from shock to sadness . he try to touch subbu and make a weak attempt sappai yaen subbu ? subbu avoid he touch and look . subbu ( cry ) sollaraen illa .. vaenaam . aiyaavukku mattum oru vaatti , orey oru vaatti konjoondu sandhegam vandhudhu naa ( breathe heavily ) yenna yenna venumnaalum pannikattum .. aana unna she stop breathe and start cry like a helpless child . sappai shitless and be now clueless . subbu continue in she soft voice . subbu yenna nenachukittu irundhom naama ... avar yaaru ..? ooraye control pannaravaru . - pause - naama .. makku illa ?? she again start to cry helplessly . she say with a soft loving voice .. sappai subbu ??!! subbu indha plan venaamae !? sappai ( weakly en ? subbu ( cryin ) ena ennakku unna romba pudikkum ! r46 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja subbu start climb the stair . after a few step , she turn around - subbu ( in tear ) sorry ... ellaathukkume sorry she step down and move close to he . in a heart wrenching voice - subbu ( still cryin ) kadasiyaa , enna oru thadavaa katti - pudichukoyaen , pleaaaase ... sappai hug she tight . she mumble softly in he ear , as they hug subbu ennakku inga irrukka pudikalae ... sappai think for a moment sappai Risk edukalaam subbu . escape aayidalam subbu en ? sappai ena , ennakkum unna romba pudikkum ! kaalayan 's scream be hear really loud . the scene shift to the torture chamber with kaalayan . kaalayan be totally batter with more wound than earlier , drop down to the floor from he chair . with he fall , he small snuff box trip out of he pocket . kaalayan , frantically take a large dosage and put it in he nose . the drug hit he . with madness in he eye , he go on .. kaalayan ( optional line ) okkala oli . ippa adraa yenna . ippo adi . yaen payyan irukkanda ungala azhichuduvaan da . aeii .. kalayn faint totally lose he consciousness . aiyaa be puzzle . r7 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aiyaa eaii . . yenna karumanda idhu . nagaraj touch the snuff box with he finger and lick it . he nod he head . nagaraj innum konja nerathukku ivana onnum seiya mudiyaadhu . aiyaa give a wry smile . aiyaa nama sarakkaada ?? 10,000 rooba poonadaa pochu ! ippo avan paiyana enga theduradhu 43 . ext . road ( near pco booth / pasupathy location ) . day kodukkapuli be cry helplessly in the street , as he do not know anyone else but he dad in the big bad city . he 's strand alone with only a contact number he make a phonecall to the number first list on the paper . the phone be engage . he call the second number.he be still cry while make the call . phone voice hello kodukkapuli angry with the voice start accuss without any detail . kodukkapuli edhuku enga appava thookitu poneenga ? naanga powder tharenu dhane ya sonnom ? phone voice wrong number . the guy put down the phone . kodukkapuli look upset . he crush the paper with the phone number and sqat on the floor helpless . suddenly , the phone in the booth ring . kodukkapuli pick up the call in a low voice . rr written by : thiagarajan kumararaja kodukkapuli hello ? its pasupathy on the other side of the phone . pasupathy eaii..enna powder sonney ? kodukkapuli light up a bit . kodukkapuli bawa lodgela irudicheyy a.. pasupathy ippo andha powder enga ? Boy get a bit cocky . kodukkapuli yenkittadhaan irukku . pasupathy nee yenga irukkey ?? Boy with a firm , clear voice .. kodukkapuli yenga appava kudu , appadhaan adha onakku kudupppaen . pasupathy ungappa yenkitta illai . kodukkapuli sound irritate . kodukkapuli onkittadhaanayya enga appa phonela pesinaaru . pasupathy be puzzle . pasupathy rrs indha numberka ? kodukkapuli mmm . . r90 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja there be a small pause in the conversation . pasupathy reluctantly ask .. pasupathy Vera number irukka ? kodukkapuli andha numberku pesattumaa ? pasupathy get flustered and panic . pasupathy hey.hey.hey..shh.shh .... avangalukku phone pannadhey !! avangaluku phone panna , unga appava thookitupona madri unnayum thokokitu poiduvaanga . nee sarakka yenkitta kudu . unga appava naan kaappaatharaen . kodukkapuli think for a moment and with a cynical tone . kodukkapuli unna epdi nambardhu ? pasupathy try to sound authoritative . pasupathy idho paaru..unga appaava yaaru thookkittu ponaangalo avanga dhaan yen pondattiyayum thookkittu poittanga . - pause - sarakka yenkitta kudu ..onga appava naan kaapathharaen . kodukkapuli throw a tantrum like a kid . kodukkapuli un pondattiya badharama vachukka thuppila / bavusilla ..nee epdiya enga appava kaapaathuvey ..mairu !! pasupathy get very irritate with the boy 's cockiness . on written by : thiagarajan kumararaja pasupathy otha appa avungalukkey phone pannu da .. unnayum thookkittu poavaanga . kodukkapuli be silent . pasupathy get more indignant . the boy be silent and tense . pasupathy vaera vazhi irukka ? again , silence from the boy . pasupathy speak with command and authority . pasupathy naan kaapatharaen . onakku onga appa vaenumgarathukku illa . yenakku yen pondatti venum , adukkaga . - pause - avangalukku phone pannadhey..pannuvaya ?? kodukkapuli become more docile . kodukkapuli maattaen pusupathy look at he watch pasupathy seri.. 5.00 manikku .. '' AK ( aaranya kaandam ) mill '' ku vanduru , engirukkunnu theriyumille ? kodukkapuli uhunm ... pasupathy pakkathuledhaan irrukku . visaarichittu vandhu saeru pasupathy 's tone become more friendly . pasupathy 9 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja yen peru pasupathy . kodukkapuli naan kodukkapuli . pasupathy put the phone down and think deeply for a moment he remove he thick gold bracelet 44 , int . SMALL HOTEL . day it 's a small '' run '' type of hotel with private cabin . tilt up from money on chair , to a beam mayilvaaganan . in a pleasant voice - may ilvaaganan enna pasupathy..paymentlaam taan taannu irukku .. mayilvaganan start to count the cash , may ilvaaganan aama , mullukitta ennaya pesune nee ? mayilvaganan stop count may ilvaaganan jaasthiya irukku ? pasupathy Sir innum oru help pannanum sir neenga , adhuku advancaa vachukkonga ... mayilvaaganan be enthusiastic as he put the money in he pocket . may ilvaaganan pasupathy ellarum theditu irukira saraku ipo enkitta dhna sir iruku , aiyaa ku ahd akudthuduren , 97 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja adhuku badhila kasthuri um kaalayanu oru aal irupaan , avanaiyum vitra solunga.sir naan avaru prechanaiku poga maaten , avarum en prechanaiku vara koodaadhu . neenga dhan pesi eppadiyachum compromise panni vidanum sir . mayilvaganan neeye pesen ? pasupathy naalu pera adika sollunga sir , aduchudure , indha yosichu pesuradhellam namaku varaadhu sir , kaalaila edho pesi poi paarunga ippo ivlo prechana aaiduchu . Sir neenga pesura madri varaadhu sir . mayilvaaganan think for a while may ilvaaganan ok ... phone kudu pasupathy be irritate pasupathy unga phonelerundhe panunga sir , kaasu venunmna kuduthuduren . mayilvaaganan enna ippadi peseta nee ? mayilvaaganan pick he phone up and start dial but he be still look at pasupathy 45 . int . singaperumal house . torture room . day aiyaa put the phone down . he have rapidex English course on table . kaalayan be unconscious . aiyaa look at he boy , and in a matter of fact way .. aiyaa 51 / 2 kju saraka eduthutu pasupathy AK mill ku varuvaan , poi eduthutu vandhurunga . pause enna hmmm ? 3 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja guy yoschinukiren ! aiyaa ennada yosikura guy pasupathya enna panrathu ... aiyaa mutham koduthu , matter pannunga ... kaelviya paru poi potu thallitu vaa po aiyaa leave the room , but before that , he stop and turn to he boy . aiyaa indha vaattiyavadhu avana poattu thallunga . adha vittutu chittu robin madiri , avanga amma , paatiyellam thokkittu varaadheenga — avangelaam enakku vaenaam . the boy smile . aiyaa show he expression ( the shortest ever ) . they stop smile aiyaa poanga .. sonnadha sei . 46 . int . singaperumal house ( private area ) . day aiyaa walk upto the private area . he take off he sweaty , blood stain clothes one by one - shirt , baniyan , vaeshti etc . as he walk towards he room . subbu be in front of the tv but be lose . ' shake you tail feather 's video be playin on tv . he throw the cupboard key from he hip , he place the pistol in the drawer . sappai be stand around awkwardly . aiyaa move to music , stare at subbu and drop down he veshti , she look away . he look at sappai and drop he underwear and walk to the bathroom . after aiyaa close the bathroom door behind he , subbu and sappai look at each other . when they be about to say something , the door open . aiyaa abruptly peep out with a bottle of oil . 04 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aiyaa sappai , thechu viduda sappai take the oil and start massage naked aiyya . subbu and sappai look at each other . sappai continue massage ( in close up shot ) . he start massage harder and harder . suddenly , aiyaa dei niruthu da ithana nalum ennai thaekka sonnaa ussu maari thaeppa , innaikku aamble maari thaekkure ? vayasukku vandhuttiya ? subbu be shocked . sappai stop for a moment aiyaa vidu , olai katti puttu suthiruvom.ha!ha! ayya look at they , subbu smile uncomfortablly , sappai be too nervous to smile . aiyaa nee thei ! sappai continue to massage . Quick cut of sappai massage . aiyaa gesture he to stop . get up and walk towards the bathroom . aiyaa ai , saeutu vandha koopudu , kaasa kuduthu vidanum . kashta pattadhu naanu , evanavadhu thirudhan girudan vandhuda poraan . aiyaa get into the bathroom and close the door . subbu pick the cupboard key . sappai aiyaa muzhuchutu irukaaru , ippo eppadi ? subbu reply in a hushed voice , speak really fast , yet clear . os written by : thiagarajan kumararaja subbu aana saetu vandha kaasu poidumey . aiyaa kuluchuttu varathukkulla nee poyi kadaila vechuttu vandhudu vandhura mudiyuma ? please vera chance eh kedaikaadhu !!! while subbu open the cupboard , the phone ring . both of they panic and freeze . after two ring , aiyaa 's voice be hear from the bathroom in a high pitch . aiyaa ei subbu , phone adikudhu paaru eduri !!! she fumble and run up to the phone . pick the phone subbu ( on the phone ) hello ? hello ? no response from the other side . aiyaa yaaru ? subbu ( hesitantly cut aayiduchu ... aiyaa beautiful !! wonderful !!! marvellous !!! she rush to the cupboard and open it . she pull out the bag and give it to sappai . there 's a moment of happiness . sappai try to hug she , they hug briefly . subbu look at the bathroom door , wriggle out . in a hushed tone - subbu seekiram ! seekiram ! he 's about to leave with the bag . sappai aiyaa vandhu naan enga nu kaettaarna ?? sappai stand still . subbu be shocked that sappai stop .. and they do not have a answer . sappai think for a moment - sappai naan naan samaalichikiren ! 046 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja sappai be about to leave subbu oru nimishanm ... subbu give he a long , meaningful look . subbu bayamaa irrukku subbu pull out the pistol from the drawer and give it to sappai . sappai edhukku ?! subbu vechukko , vechukko subbu wave a bye to sappai in a cute way . sappai leave with the pistol . 47 . int . build at the dead end ( binny mill 's ) .day it be a empty desolate run down building . pasupathy and kodukkapuli stand in quite dark corner . pasupathy look a bit restless .~ pasupathy yen late .. powdera yenga ?... kodukkapuli yenga appa yenga ? kodukkapuli look stubborn . pasupathy 's anger be rise . pasupathy kedaipparunnu sollaraen illa ? kodukkapuli be silent with no reaction . pasupathy po..poyi yeduthittu vaa . q7 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja pasupathy walk towards a emergency exit , and open it . he turn around and find kodukkapuli stand , who pretend as if he have not hear anything . pasupathy ei , soldren la po . the boy reply in a stern voice . kodukkapuli yenga appaava kaattu . appo dhan naan tharuven ! pasupathy control he anger , bite he tooth . pasupathy unga appa yenkittaya irukkaru ?? powder yenkitta kudu .. naan avanga kitta kudukkaraen . avanga un appava vituduvaanga . kodukkapuli get arrogant . kodukkapuli appo yen ya un kitta kudukanum ?? straight ah avan kitta ye kuduthuduvene . pasupathy lose he cool hearing this . he charge at kodukkapuli and be about to slap he with the back of he palm , but control and stop himself . kodukkapuli instinctively duck back in fear of be hit . pasupathy look at he watch , suddenly , divert he anger from the boy to scream , kick the wall , slamm the door near he . pasupathy sit down , completely weak and break , almost in tear . his spirit be down . sound of a approach car be hear . hear this , kodukkapuli run away . pasupathy just sit there upset . in a while , kodukkapuli come back with a bag of drug and hand it to pasupathy . just when pasupathy be about to take the bag from the boy 's hand , kodukkapuli hold on to it . ina helpless , vulnerable tone .. kodukkapuli onna namburen , yemaathamaatala ? they look eye to eye . pasupathy look reassuringly . or written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 48 . ext . build at the dead end ( binny mill 's ) . day it 's a dead end street , totally desert but for the noise of a jeep . pasupathy step out of the building , kodukapuli follow he . pasupathy ei , inga irunu soldrenla ! kodukapuli naanum varuven both notice gajendran and gajapathy wait outside with they gang . kodukapuli enga appa yenga ya ? pasupathy ivanga vera aalunga . kodukapuli try to snatch the bag from pasupathy . kodukapuli chinna paiyana yemathna , unna kola panniduven , aruvaala eduthu unna aanju puduven , enga appa kedaikalena unna kola panniduven , bag ah kuduya naan paathukuren pasupathy ( strong and affirmative ) ei , unga appa kedaipaarunu sonnenla ? ingaye iru . pasupathy emerge from the nook of the building . there 's considerable distance between pasupathy and the jeep , but they can see each other . gajendran be sit on the car . pasupathy announce loud and clear . 99 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja pasupathy gajendran namakulla neraiya thappu nadandhu pochu , saraku naan unake kuduthuduren , namakulla prechana vendaam . pasupathy see gajapathy wait to charge . pasupathy gajapathy , nee vandhu vaangiko , prechana enna nu soldren , nee purinjupa . gajapathy walk towards pasupathy . it 's like a spaghetti western . slow , long shot building tension ... with monotonous sound in the bg . it could be a handpump / contruction site building hammer / thari kind of sound . pasupathy keep check he watch meticulously . finally , when gajapathy pick up the bag . it 's totally flat ( flat sound ) . he have a sarcastic smile on he face . pasupathy Business pannalaam nu dhan nenachen , sodhapiduchu , sorry . gajapathy yedhayum yocichu seiya maatiyaa ? loosu ku ! he turn away from pasupathy and take a step . pasupathy check he watch at this juncture . it 's 5.32 pm . the monotonous sound stop . in a low voice - pasupathy gajapathy .. gajapathy turn with a cocky smile on he face , which soon transform to a '' what the fuck '' expression . it 's a high - speed sequence with the sound strethed and pasupathy 's mind voice ( mv ) accompany it . pasupathy ( mv ) muttaalukkum , medhaavikkum oru chinna gap - thaan adhathaan ippo thaanditirukken 100 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja Visual : pasupathy pull out a barber 's knife from he back . pasupathy ( mv ) aiyaa va naan morachukiten , aiyaa weightu , ennala avara thaniya edhum panna mudiyadhu . adhuku enaku innoru weightu theva . Visual : pasupathy be chase . pasupathy ( mv ) gajendran weightu dhan aana avan dhan en mela ganda irundhaane . gajendranukku madham pudicha , dhwamsam panniduvaan - aana , avan gajapathy madri summa laam tension aava maataan . avana kozhapuna dhan naan nenachadha panna vekka mudium . Visual : gajpathy be hit kuruvi 's dead body , while gajendran sit calm watch the action pasupathy ( mv ) en modhal steppu ' mullu 's Visual : pasupathy run ( chase sequence ) ; mullu enter frame and start chase pasupathy ; pasupathy hold the gun against mullu 's temple ; pasupathy notice mottai and throw he gun off Police station : mullu shout at pasupathy mullu onnumae pesalenna , edhukkudaa varasonna ? loosu koo ! pasupathy remain calm , smoking he cigarette Visual : gajendran stare at mullu gajendran suddenly pick up a club ( karlakattai ) and thulp the shit out of mullu . 101 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja pasupathy ( mv ) gajendranukku kovam vandhuduchu , anaa innum madham pudikkala Visual : squish mullu 's head into a pulp and turn around , stylishly pull he hair back and gain total composure pasupathy ( mv ) en rendaavadhu step - gajendrana gangoda naan neneche edathukku varavekkanum . Visual : kodukaapuli say ' hello 's over the phone . alternate angle of pasupathy - mayilvaaganan meeting at run 's hotel : paspathy , head down but notice mayilvaaganan 's silhoutte pasupathy ( mv ) en last step - gajapathy Visual : pasupathy swing the knife towards gajapathy 's neck . cu of pasupathy slitting gajapathy 's throat - like marble be cut by a roll blade . blood gush out pasupathy ( mv ) ippo gajendran ku madham piduchuduchu . veri avan kanna marchuduchu . Visual : gajapathy 's body fall down revealing pasupathy 's victorius face . gajendran loose it and scream like a foghorn . gajendran charge towards pasupathy follow by he enraged man . 10 ? written by : thiagarajan kumararaja the chase continue . pasupathy throw the bag in a old car while run . pasupathy ( mv ) ivlo kashta pattu , gajendran ku kannu mannu theriyadha alavuku very yethi en mela vittukitadhu edhukaaga ? idhukaaga | 103 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja Visual : gajendran and he man be still chase pasupathy . pasupathy run and get to the street . aiyaa 's man be wait for pasupathy and the drug . pasupathy machan avanga vandhutaanunga da . gajendran and gang enter street . gajendran look at singaperumal 's gang gajendran ( to himself singaperumaal ! thevidiyaa paya ! gajendran order he men- gajendran pasupathyum singaperumaalum sendhu dhan da game aadirukaanunga , ellaraiyum aruthudungada . Visual : aiyaa 's gang be shocked and get ready to retaliate the attack pasupathy ( mv ) avanga rendu perum muttipaanganu naan edha vechu nambinen ? edhiraali oda edhiraali kootaalithaan . aana , adha vida mukkiyam , avanga rendu perum innum edhiraalingathaan both gang clash like gush water from opposite side gajendran 's alltime best and gruesome performance . he crush four to five people . gajendran charge towards pasupathy with vengeance in he eye . 104 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja they both grab a aruvaal and charge towards each other . ( the scene end abruptly 49 . int . singaperumaal 's house ( private area / torture room ) . day aiyaa 's bathroom door open . aiyaa come out while drying himself with a towel . aiyaa hey subbu , yaaru phone pana ? there 's no answer from subbu . aiyaa call out again . aiyaa subbu !!! he take he phone and dial the number from which he receive a call . he see the key hang on thecupboard . totally shocked , he wrap the thundu around he hip . aiyaa rush to the cupboard and find the bag miss . aiyaa scream in anger . aiyaa subbu , inge irundha bag engae ? subbu be shell shocked and stare at he blankly . aiyaa quickly look around and realise sappai be miss . aiyaa sappai engey ? sappa enga ? she stare blank . aiyaa slap she tight . she stumble in pain . aiyaa 's voice go up - subbu ( tremble ) theriyadhu . aiyaa think for a moment and get totally enraged . he call nagaraj on the landline . 105 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aiyaa dei bag neraiya oanatha eduthukitu sappa escape aaitaan da , pop of vidaadha pudi pudi . on the other side of the phone , nagaraj bark order at two of he man . nagaraj , in the torture room hold the phone and scream to he man nagaraj eaii.. andha sappai bag neraya kaasa yeduthuttu escape aaittanda . poi pudi po , po , po , po . Three man rush out to find sappai . aiyaa slam the phone down and look at subbu . subbu step back in fright . at that moment , sappai enter hesitantly , open the door all sweaty and tense , hold just one banana aiyaa yengadaa ponae ? sappai fumble and reply in fear . sappai amma-dhaan pazham vaangitu vara sonnaanga ... aiyaa charge towards sappai and kick he hard . sappai freeze in fear . tear roll . aiyaa rush to he drawer where he keep he gun . but the drawer be empty . aiyaa slowly turn to sappai . sappai be hold he gun with both he hand . sappai idhadhaana thaedre ? yennayae kolla paakkara illey ? nee bayandhadhu correctudhaan subbu . 106 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja aiyaa be shocked and get wild at subbu . aiyaa watha , thevidiamunda .. he charge towards she . subbu cringe further into a corner . sappai , in a sudden impulse shoot aiyaa on he side . aiyaa stare in disbelief . he look at he bullet wound and fury engulf he . aiyaa pounce on sappai in anger . sappai not confident with the gun shoot aiyaa again . aiyaa fall dead , blood ooze out . sappai look pale , completely drain and dizzy . he stumble and sit down on the floor , weak and defenceless . he stare at aiyaa and the key hang on the open cupboard . in a low voice - sappai sodhapitiya subbu ? subbu sound calm and compose . subbu ( 0.s ) illaye .. sappai turn around , a cold , confident subbu who shoot he with a emotionless , calm face . she fire again , the bullet travel in slow motion to he heart . flash cut of she story / plan . > subbu listen to chittu attentively from she room as he go on ' azhuthitae irrukkumbodhu aadharavu kudukira maari matter mudichida vendiyadhuthaa n '- shot of she cry , subbu - ' aana , ennakku unna romba pudikkum 's , sappai hugging , they make out > train scene - namakku therinja ore kettavar aiyaa’thaan . subbu say '' aiyaa kitaye thirudita ?' where cunningly notice sappey 's reaction then go back to she innocent face > sappai terrifying and opting out - subbu hugging he and say ' ennakku inga irrukka pudikalai’ , he say ‘escape aayidalaam 's , she smile over he shoulder slyly and continue to cry . > subbu hand aiyaa 's gun to sappai 107 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja > subbu after say bye to sappai , run back to the cup board and place the key > subbu pull out gun from red chilly box in the kitchen , hide it behind she back ( while aiyaa call for sappai ) . the bullet hit he . he fall down in hi speed , subbu 's over the shoulder shot on sappai . chittu 's vo machi.. naa oru nooru auntya kavithurupen , adhula oru moonu aunty yenna kavuthiruchu idhellam sappa matteru smoke clear , subbu 's shot like a super star . she fire again subbu 's ( old vo ) naama avara appaveenu nenachittu iruppom , aana unmaila avarthaan periya baasha . subbu ( to sappai 's corpse ) otha joker ! sappai be lie gruesomely with blood ooze out as subbu empty she gun on he . there be a loud gun shot hear from outside the door . subbu turn sharply to the door but she gun be empty . pasupathy walk in with a point gun . the focus shift to nagaraj who be die on the floor behind the door . pasupathy enter the room . he see aiyaa 's dead body . sappai 's gun , sappai 's dead body and then subbu ( in the same order ) . subbu sit down look weak and break . she drop the gun and start cry uncontrollably . pasupathy look at she sympathetically . he speak to she in a soft , concerned voice . pasupathy aiyaava sappai konnuttana ? subbu nod she head meekly , still cry . 108 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja pasupathy adunaala nee sappaia konnutiya ? subbu start cry at a higher pitch and nod yes . ina sympathetic tone .. pasupathy nee inga irundhu romba kashta pattuta .. po , naan paathukiren , po subbu gather herself , get up and walk out of the room . once she be out of pasupathy 's sight , she take a look at the corpse for a while . cut to 50 . int . singaperumaal 's house ( boy room ) . day Close up of phone near pasupathy 's face . aiyaa 's man pick up on the other side . chittu ( repectfully aiyaa..sollunga. pasupathy , calm and authoritatively . pasupathy aiyaa illada .. pasupathy . there 's silence from the other side . pasupathy speak with clarity and authority . pasupathy singaperumaal yenna poattu thalla paathaan . avan uyiroda illey . gajendran potuten , gajapathy potuten , nagarajum outu . ineme naan dhan . - pause - aiyaa kaaga dhan nee ippadi senjenu thorium , adhanaala un mela enaku kovam ila , aana kashturi inga varanum , ippo . pasupathy put the phone down . he open a drawer from a steel table , pull out two 500 rupee bundle . pasupathy hand the 2 bundle to kodukkapuli . it be aiyaa 's office room with a batter kaalayan in the background . kodukkapuli walk with the money to put it in he bag . 109 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja pasupathy ( to he man ) andha aala hospithiriku itunu ponga . kaalayan be carry by two man . kodukkapuli be about to leave with he dad . just before crossing the doorway , kodukkapuili stop and turn to pasupathy . he extend he hand . pasupathy shake it with a small smile on he face . pasupathy onakku onga appava rumba pudikkuma ? kodukkapuli turn to look at pasupathy . kodukkapuli apdi ille .. aana avar yenga appa . as kaalayan ( help out by 2 people ) and kodukkapuli leave , aiyaa 's man ( chittu , Robin and other ) enter with kasthuri follow they . pasupathy be talk to the 2 man , whom nagaraj have send to search for sappai . pasupathy see kasthuri enter with aiyaa 's man . he look at she and in a '' matter of fact '' tone .. pasupathy onnum prechana illaye . kasthuri nod convey no( sobbing ) . pasupathy just smile at she gently and start talk to the 2 guy . pasupathy appo , andha panam ennada aachu ? one of the men hmmm , adhu sappaiku mattum dhan therium , andha dog dhan sethu poiduche . 110 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja 51 . int / ext.department store . day it 's a small annachi shop with stock provision . subbu take the bag full of money from annachi ( 50 ) . a fat man with a bald head and dark complexion . she have a pleasing smile on she face . subbu nandri annachi . annachi aiyaa eppudima irukkaru ? subbu romba nalla irukkaru subbu walk out of the store with a broad smile . 52.ext . road.day subbu walk on the street to '' success of human spirit '' kind of music with a pleasant smile on she face . subbu 's vo naan solrapadi ketka panatha thirudinadha kanakku kaata oru muttaal thevapattaan - adhukkudhan sappai mathabadi sappai paavam .. apdi elaam onnum illa . avaney sonnane ... puzhu , meenu , manishan . life apdi dhaan . enna porutha varaikkum sappaium oru aambladhaan . ella ambalayum sappai dhaan . the best thing about be a woman be '' it 's a man 's world . '' subbu be about to be hit by a speed car . sappai 's vo paathu subbu , unnakku onnumae therile ! naan irundhadhunaalae thappicha ! ha , ha ! written by : thiagarajan kumararaja she pull herself back at the nick of the moment . she smirk subbu ( to herself muttaal ! she raise she hand ( signal to stop ) and a bunch of vehicle stop . subbu walk away fade out 119 written by : thiagarajan kumararaja fade in : nagadhuthan : edhu dharmam ? vishnu gupta chaanakya : edhu thevaiyo , adhuve dharmam fade out 113