about time a comedy about love and time travel written by Richard curtis edited by Emma Freud 8th March 2012 working title film portobello studio 26 aybrook Street 138 portobello Road London London w1u 4 a w1l 2dz +44 207 307 3000 +44 207 221 7550 '' 2012 work title film Limited . all rights reserved . this screenplay be the property of working title film limite ( " wi " ) . distribution or disclosure of any information of whatever nature in whatever form relating to the character , story and the screenplay itself obtained from any source including without limitation this screenplay or information received from wt , to unauthorised person , or the sale , copying or reproduction of this screenplay in any form be strictly prohibited . this screenplay be be read solely by wt employees and individual under to or individual permitted by wt . this screenplay be confidential information and therefore be give for on a strictly confidential basis . by reading this inplay you agree to be bound by a duty of confidence to wt , its parent and subsidiary companie . int . family home . day . / ext . beach . day . / ext . garden . 1 night . the film start with a voice - over - showing what tim , the leading man , be describe . he be 21 . as he talk about each member of the family , the camera stays with they until they be passed by another family member , who the camera then follows . one flowing morning in there rambling sea -side home . tim ( v.o. ) I always know we be a fairly odd family . first there be I - too tall , too skinny , too orange - unfortunate hair . my mum be lovely , but not like other mum - there be something solid about she , something rectangular - she fashion icon be the Queen mother - I never remember she not in tweed . dad , well , he be more normal . he always seem to have time on he hand - after give up teach university student on he 50th birthday , be always available for a leisurely cup of tea , or to let I win at table tennis once more . then there be mum 's brother , uncle D . always impeccably dress , he spend the day just , well , be uncle D . he be the same age as mum but by the time I be 8 , he be really my young brother . and then finally , there be Catherine , Katie , kit kat . ina household of suit and hair cut , there be this - what can I call she - nature thing . with she big oval eye , she wild hair , she purple t-shirt , she tear jeans and she eternally bare foot - she be then and still be , to I , about the most wonderful thing in the world . all in all - it be a pretty good childhood - full of repeat rhythm and pattern - charade in the winter , with I always lose - ( more ) rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z tim ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) croquet with uncle D every summer - and by the time I be 21 , we be still have tea on the beach every single day , no matter what the weather ... scene of they try to have tea on the beach on a very blowy autumn afternoon . mum in scarf , uncle D in three - piece suit , dad laughing at it all , kit kat in purple t-shirt and torn jeans —- making a FIRE with stick found on the beach , try to light it , putting on a old kettle . one cup of tea take about half a hour . a scone drop in the sand - tim 's mother surreptitiously pick it up , scrape off the sand and put it back on the plate . tim ( v.o. ) and then every Friday evening - a film . a night - time shot of they watching a movie , projected onto the side of the house - all of they in deckchair . it start to drizzle —- and up go six umbrellas - no- one move . kit kat just relish the rain . tim ( v.o. ) and then , once a year , the ghastly New Year 's Eve party ... int . family home . night . 2 a new year party . the best song from 2005 play . a awkward mixture of young people , old people and child . there's one young man dancing with peculiar , unwarranted confidence - tim 's friend jay . we see tim sort of smiling hopefully at a pretty girl - she ignore he in favour of a handsomer guy . he end up dancing with a girl twice he size , polly - she , in contrast , give he a very welcoming smile . kit kat be talking to a too good looking louche young man . CUT on - tim be just try to get through the night -— avoiding drunk people . one person nudge a table and 27 wine bottle all spill at once . suddenly it be midnight - a big countdown to the big moment . tim find himself near the now rather drunk polly - she move toward he , leaning in for a new year kiss . he panic . doesn't know what to do . finally , on the dot of midnight , as all around he everyone be kissing , he just take her hand and shake it firmly . tim happy New Year . sorry . they look around - everyone else be kissing . kit kat be kissing the handsomest , coolest , nastiest looking boy at the party . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 3 . a sweet 23 year old , teddy , have swept he pretty 10 year old sister , amber , off her feet , kissing her on the cheek . as tim hold polly' hand , we see a tear appear in the corner of her eye . for her , it 's a profoundly sad moment - no- one love her . she walk away . tim be mortified . shake he head . bad start to the year . int . tim 's bedroom . morning . 3 a wide window overlook the camomile lawn and then the sea . tim ( v.o. ) and so I wake up the next morning , hang over , ashamed of myself and not realise it be the day that would change my life forever . kit kat enter in the purple t-shirt she sleep in . kit kat wake up , stupid . dad want you . int . dad' study . morning . 4 tim open the door and enter - it be a big old fashioned study - book and record line the wall massively - where there aren't bookshelves , there be painting of old relative . again , view out on to craggy tree and the enormous sea behind . he dad be a familiar , live in , quite formal man . deeply civilize and attractive . dad ah , Tim , come in ... do sit down . tim this be all very formal . they have a pretty good relationship - ironic and familiar , even if not completely close . dad well , yes , ahm , this be a odd moment for I - because I have exactly the same moment with my Father , when I have just turn 21 - and after it , my life be never the same - so , I approach it pretty nervously . tim okay - when you be ready . all very mysterious . rc about time - MARCH 8 2 u1z a odd pause . dad alright . right . Tim - my dear son - the simple fact be that the man in this family have always have the ability to ... this be go to sound strange . be prepare for strangeness . but there 's this family secret - and the secret be that all the man in the family can - travel in time . ( heading on fast ) well , more accurately , travel back in time . I mean , once we have travel back , we can of course travel forward back to the present , but we can not travel into the future from now . CUT back to tim . he be perfectly still . then ... tim this be such a weird joke ... dad it 's not a joke . tim it 's get to be a joke . dad it 's seriously not a joke . tim so you be say that you , and granddad , and he brother ... could all travel back in time ? dad yes. tim and you still do ? dad absolutely . tim okay - if it 's true - which it be not ... dad although it be ... tim although it be not , obviously . but if it be , which it 's not ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z pause . dad which it be ... tim which it be not - but if it be , how would I actually ..? dad the 'how 's be the easy bit in fact . you go into a dark place - big cupboard very useful generally - toilet at a pinch - then you clench you fist like this , think about the moment you be go to , and you will find yourself there . after a bit of a stumble and a rumble and a tumble . tim wow . dad .».. be as good a reaction as any . I think I plump for ' fuck ' . but it be the 80s . tim do you mind if I just take a few moment to think about it ? dad please do . i’1l just be here . tim heading out . tim no - no - this be so obviously just a joke . dad it 's not . why would I lie ? tim okay . well , I mean , there 's obviously only one way to settle this . dad yes. obviously . tim but when I come back downstairs - after stand in a cupboard with my fist clench - you be go to be in so much trouble . I mean it . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z dad let 's see , shall we ? and Tim ... try to do something useful . you want the first time to be interesting at least . tim so much trouble . I mean it . really . int . tim 's bedroom . day . 5 tense music . tim enter he bedroom cupboard ceremoniously . then close he eye , clench he fist . then something happens . a tiny vision of the time be passed through - a few random image , like travelling through a time tunnel . CUT outside into he bedroom . it be night - tim step out - dressed as he be for the new year party . int . MAIN hall . night . 6 tim walk down the stair - utterly stunned by the strangeness of live something for the second time . friend jay you okay , Tim ? tim yes. good , good . he cunningly stop the spillage of the 27 wine bottle he remembers from the night before . he sees kit kat lock eye with the nasty handsome boy she be later kissing . CUT forward to midnight . the same moment at the party when he faile to kiss polly . and instead of shaking her hand - he now kiss her . it make her so happy . polly thank you , Tim . tim you be welcome , polly . and he head off into a dark room , off the party room ... int . tim 's bedroom . night . 7 he’s back in the cupboard again . he look at he watch - he clothes . yes , he life have utterly change . he step out of the cupboard , day . at which moment , polly come in from the bathroom . she be wearing just a towel ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z polly I have actually never do this before . tim , in total SHOCK already , be jolted into total SHOCK number two . a almost naked strange girl in he bedroom . tim really ? polly but then no - one have ever really kiss I before - so I think , if I be go to lose my virginity with someone , it might as well be you . tim great news . polly I tell mum I be go to stay at shirley 's - so we have get all night . this ( her body ) be yours for 12 hour . do with it as you will , Tim Lake . tim great . great . will you just give I one second ? polly of course - ' man stuff 's . he goe into the bathroom , switch off the light , crunch he fist - and goe back to the new year party . int . MAIN hall / bedroom . night . 8 midnight again . and once again tim shake her hand . the tear fall from her eye again . tim I really am sorry . and then tim arrive back in he bedroom . step out . he life be utterly change . int . father 's study . day . 9 he head down into he dad be study - open the door - open he arm in amazement —- ' what the hell 's - dad shrug he shoulder - ' what did I tell you ? 's rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 10 11 8 . ext . beach . day . 10 CUT to tim walking along the beach - passionate , unfolding music . he be lost in he thought and amazement . int . dad' study . evening . 11 tim be back in the study with he dad . full of urgent question now . tim do mum know ? dad not a whistle . tim strange . and what about the whole . .? dad Butterfly effect thing - what can I say , we do not seem to have mess up civilization yet ... tim it 's go to be a complicated year . dad it 's go to be complicated life . any idea how to use it ? tim well , it 's go to take a lot of think about - what have you do ... with it ? dad for I it 's book , book , book . I have read everything a man could hope to . twice . dicken three time . and music of course . ( gesture to all he record ) and then , I have get to spend more time with you and the family . what be you think ? tim well , apart from change this haircut , money would be the obvious thing . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 12 dad very mix bless . utterly fuck up you grandfather 's life - leave he without love or friend . I have never bump into a genuinely happy rich person . tim but it would be nice not to have to work . dad no - that 's a real recipe for disaster . look what happen to you uncle Fred . tim what happen to uncle Fred ? dad nothing . absolutely sod all . wasted he life . you have to use it for thing that will really make you life how you want it to be . tim well . I suppose , to be honest , for the moment , I really just hope it 's go to get I a girlfriend . dad wow . Big one . tim yup - the mothership . tim ( v.o . ) for I , it be always go to be all about love . of course - there be some old score to be settle .... int . lecture hall . day . 12 tim 's hair be a bit different - it 's a year back , he final moment at university . a slouchy arrogant tutor address the SMALL CLASS . tutor well , we draw near the close of you ignominious time here . I wish you all the best , although I fear the worst . God help the legal system if you lot be enter it . tim raise he hand ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 13 14 10 . tutor ( cont 'd ) yes , Lake , what be it ? tim can I just say , sir , on behalf of all of we , that we also wish you the best - but fear the worst . you be the worst teacher any student have ever have - you be not only stupid , you be arrogant , aggressive , sleazy and would not recognise a original think if it give you a tender and caring blow - job . tutor you be in such trouble , young man . tim or not . Excuse I be just pop to the toilet for a moment ... int . tim 's room . day . 13 tim be casually dressed for the day , baggy trouser , old short-sleeved shirt . tim ( v.o. ) but it be in the summer holiday , that the real business begin . I walk downstairs and into love . ext / int . the house . day . 14 kit kat 's little purple car enter the drive - tim mooches out of the house - and out of the car step the most beautiful girl he have ever see . slow motion and music as this sexual angel enter he life . he be absolutely frozen . kit kat Charlotte , this be Tim . tim no it 's not . Excuse I . tim run into the house . rush into a cupboard . grip he fist . rush upstair . tries on four different outfit - tries to look cool in each of they . shave . even cut he hair a tiny bit . pluck he nose . and then head downstair and tries to look casual as the car pull up . out step charlotte , paradise again . kit kat Charlotte , this be Tim . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 11 . charlotte hi , Tim . tim hi , Charlotte . charlotte I think you know my brother . tim really ? charlotte Jimmy kincade . tim o Jesus . charlotte you do not like he ? tim no - he 's - he 's a character . charlotte you sister love he . tim be puzzle . kit kat true - not many guy will sleep with you on the first date . tim you sleep with Jimmy kincade ? charlotte wow , you really do not like he . tim Excuse I a moment . can do better . the car drive back in ... kit kat Charlotte this be Tim . tim hi , Charlotte . charlotte I think you know my brother , Jimmy kincade . tim o yes , what a guy . how be the old bastard ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 12 . tim ( v.o. ) she be heaven . and stay the whole summer . 15 int . bedroom . morning . 15 tim in he room in he pyjamas - he emerge and there coming toward he , along the corridor , be charlotte . charlotte wow - nice pyjamas . I have never meet anyone who wear a pyjama . tim really ? what do people wear in bed this day ? charlotte T-shirt and boxer . or nothing . tim right . of course . CUT back inside he room . he 's now wearing a t-shirt over some cooler baggy trouser . he goe back into the corridor -— charlotte coming from exactly the same direction as before . charlotte hey . I have you down for a pyjama kind of guy . tim no . T-shirt and boxer . or nothing , of course . kit kat come along the corridor . kit kat why be you wear that ? tim what ? kit kat what happen to you penguin pyjamas ? tim pyjamas ? not I . no. bloody hell - pyjamas - come on ! the girl head on downstair - tim goe back into he room . he put the pyjama top and trouser back on and be stand in the middle of the room when there be a knock on the door . he just have time to leap into bed , when the door open . there be charlotte - he get the duvet right up to he chin just in time to hide the pyjamas . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 16 17 13 . charlotte we think we might head to the beach . come ? tim yup . be right there . he doe not move . ext . beach . day . 16 they be on the beach . tim reading a book , the girl on there front , on towel , sunbathing . charlotte Tim , will you do my back ? she hold out some suncream . tim ( v.o. ) absolutely . he bounce up . charlotte wow . keen. he 's a bit embarrassed . he take the cream , hold it over her back - squirt . the top fall off - a huge dollop cover her back ... she scream . CUT right back ... charlotte ( cont ’d ) Tim , will you do my back . tim sure - give we a sec ... he read a few more line ( it 's tough to delay , but he doe it ... ) then drift over . he take the cream carefully , put a little on he hand and then rub it in smoothly . charlotte Nice ... int . dine room . evening . 17 it 's dinner - tim , as ever , focussing entirely on charlotte and everything she doe . they be eating soup . charlotte what flavour be the soup ? mother cauliflower . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 14 . dad ah - the only problem with cauliflower I find , be that it taste like cauliflower . charlotte laugh a lot at that . tim Excuse I one minute . he get up to leave . CUT to exactly the same scene , a few second earlier . dad what flavour be the soup ? mother cauliflower . tim jump in ... tim the only problem with cauliflower , in my humble opinion , be that it always taste like cauliflower . charlotte o , I quite like it . tim scratch he head . what happened there ? tim ( v.o . ) it be the summer from heaven - it be the summer from hell . I invite my friend teddy round for tennis because I know he have make I look good . tim and the sweet guy from the party who be dancing with the 10 year old on one side - tim clearly the better player . on the other side kit kat and charlotte , wearing a tight t-shirt and tiny skirt . kit kat be more interested in making shape than shot —- but charlotte be very good . tim ( v.o. ) unfortunately Charlotte just make both of we look like idiot . how the hell be you mean to concentrate on you game with this sort of shit go down ? utter slo-mo gorgeousness , as the camera watch charlotte's beauty as she run , serve , drink water , leap to catch a high ball . the ultimate beautiful girl tennis fantasy . tim ( v.0 . ) it never get better - until it be almost too late . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 15 . 18 int . family dine room . day . 18 they be sitting at the family dine table for a nice stew at lunch . dad well , Charlotte , we final lunch - it 's be lovely have you all summer , have not it , uncle D . uncle D beg you pardon ? mum Lovely have Charlotte here all summer . uncle D who be Charlotte ? mum come on darling - Charlotte . next to you . uncle D ah yes - Charlotte - lovely to meet you - how long be you stay ? charlotte I be leave today . uncle D alas - would have be wonderful to get to know each other . 19 int . family home corridor . night . 19 later that night . tim turn a corner and there be charlotte . tim Charlotte - as it 's the final day - the last night , can I ... ask you a question ? charlotte ask away . o no - wait - it 's not go to be about love be it ? tim what ? charlotte kit kat warn I about this and say that if you ever mention it , I should be very firm and say that you must treat I like a sister and not be stupid . ( more ) rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 20 she look hand . she walk cupboard . 16 . charlotte ( cont 'd ) or have I make a total fool of myself and you be go to ask I for last minute tennis tip ? tim no , it be about ... the other thing . charlotte well , that 's very sweet of you . he deep in the eye . thinking ... he life in her charlotte ( cont ’d ) shame you leave it till the last night - you should have try creep along the corridor while we still have time . tim okay . okay . last night a bad idea ? charlotte last night a very bad idea - seem like a afterthought . last night be never go to work . tim okay . good . away . and tim walk straight into a nearby int . corridor . night . 20 CUT to the upstair corridor that night . tim emerge creakily from he room —- and edge toward another door . he open the door gently ... and walk in .... charlotte Tim . tim yes . hi. charlotte can I help ? tim well , yes - there be just one thing - I know you have probably suspect this - but in the last fortnight , I have fall completely in love with you . ( more ) rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 21 22 17 . tim ( cont 'd ) now , obviously , this be go to happen , because you be the prettiest girl in history with the prettiest face and the prettiest hair ... but even if , you know , you do not have the face and you have , absolutely no hair for some bizarre reason , I have still adore you - not in a schoolboy way , in a really profound adult but not threaten way , and I just wonder whether by any chance you might share my feeling ? charlotte wow . ahm . I tell you what . why do not you ask I again on my last night ? tim you last night . charlotte yeh . try I on the last night . let 's see what happen then . tim right . perfect . just perfect . he stand outside the door alone . and know the truth . ext . family home . day . 21 the final day . charlotte in all her glory step into the car - tim just watch her - she turn in the back window and wave gently as the car move into the distance . tim ( v.o . ) and so the love of my life drive , just drive away . all the time travel in the world could not help I there . and the next day it be my turn to leave . ext . family home . day . 22 he be stand next to a taxi with he case . he dad smile , kit kat jump on he with a hug , legs round he waist . uncle D slip he a 50 pence coin , with a wink ... uncle D do not spend it all at once , son . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 18 . 23 int / ext . ST johns wood . day . 23 shot of london on a spring day . little flash of its idiosyncratic miscellany . tim ( v.o. ) I catch the train to London and head for my dig , stay with a old friend of the family , who have apparently fall on slightly hard time and need the rent . it turn out to be just a few yard from Abbey Road - fan lining up by the crossing and risk they life to have they photo take ... he walk past the cluster of people lining up to be photographed on the abbey road crossing , then turn a corner into a tree - line STREET - and arrive at a big old - fashioned red brick house . the doorbell be answered by a ramshackle , 50 year old , harry . harry what the fuck do you want ? tim I be James ' son . harry who ? tim James Lake . harry what about he ? tim I be he son . he say you have a room . harry go in there - and wait . quietly . I mean it - do not make a fuck sound . 24 int . harry 's house . day . 24 tim sit in the sitting room , the wall cover in poster of plays , clearly all written by harry , who now reappear . harry no - it 's go . I be actually have the first good idea I have have for a year , when you ring on the doorbell - and now it 's go . you little shit . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 25 tim sorry . harry it 's upstairs . the room . how 's you dad ? weird cock I always think - something weird about he ... tim really ? harry yeah . never really like he actually . you mum still look like Winston churchill ? that by the way be my wife . ( passing a photo ) you would not like she at first - sarcastic cow - but eventually you would realize she be the best human be in the world . which be why she have leave I , of course . they reach the room . a SMALL but pretty attic room , with slope ceiling . harry ( cont 'd ) here we go . try not to make too much noise - particularly when have sex . tim no chance of that . harry look at he scornfully . harry Christ . two loser in one house . he leave , passing a picture of a pretty girl on the wall . harry ( cont 'd ) that 's my daughter . have sex with she if you like . apparently everyone else have . int . harry house . morning . 19 . 25 next morning tim creep down , dressed in a suit . he glimpse harry - asleep on a couch with the tv still on , still dressed - and then head out the door . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 20 . 26 int . legal chamber . day . 26 tim ( v.o. ) and so I begin my adventure in the legal trade . tim arriving at he legal chamber - quiet , grand , formal . tim ( v.o. ) it 's a strange world , full of very strange people , both nice ... in he office , we see he chaotic sweet nervous CO - worker . rory hello . I be rory . very pleased to meet you . a real thrill . who know - we might become , you know ... pal etc . tim ( v.o. ) and nasty . and he nasty arrogant boss enter , taverner qc taverner qc who the hell be you ? tim I be Tim Lake . taverner qc well , I hope you be better than this clown .... come on , Roger . rory it 's rory actually . I have be here a year . and a half . ( to tim ) only say that to be nice - it 's two year actually . he exit full of terror , pulling a desperate face at tim . tim ( v.o. ) there be lot of thing that time travel can not help with . on the other hand - it 's extremely helpful in actual exam . 27 int . exam hall . day . 27 tim in a huge hall with a thousand other student . turning over and reading a exam paper . he look utterly flummoxed toward rory , who be flummoxed too . tim raise he hand . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 28 29 30 31 21 . int . exam toilet . day . 28 CUT to tim in a toilet compartment - he clench he fist . int . tim 's attic room . day . 29 back to he looking up something specific in a book in he attic room . int . exam hall . day . 30 and back again , to the moment of turning over the paper , and this time tim look quite confident - with a happy thumb up to despairing rory . tim ( v.o. ) for a while I try to sublimate my search for love to get a proper job - though it 's not easy . come exam , the girl all look like kate middleton . but I still just look like I . all the girl lovely in there exam dress . tim glimpse himself in a mirror , unpromising in a badly fitting suit . int . harry house . night . 31 tim arrive home on the night of the exam - harry be at work at the kitchen table . not a word exchanged as tim pass , but just as he start to head up the stair ... harry first night of my play Thursday - do you want to come ? tim do you know - I would love to - but I have get a date . harry really ? a girl at last ? the sad virgin 's rock finally get offed . tim no . it 's a friend come up from home . male . harry urgh . Ditch the pervert . tim yes , I would like to , but it 's he birthday . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 32 33 22 . harry please yourself . anyway - the play 's total crap - you be better off out of it . tim I bet it 's not . harry do not patronise I . I know shit when I see it . and when I write it . ext . london STREET . eve . 32 out in the STREET with he friend call jay , the over - confident bad dancer in the first party . he be exuberantly self - assured , but in a self -mocking way . jay it 's go to be weird to the max - but it 's go to be mighty . this be a birthday dinner you will never forget . the jayman do it again for tiny Tim and he tiny todge . tim no light at all ? jay none - the waiter be - wait for it - blind . tim you be fuck kid I . jay I be fuck kid you not . as bat ! as bat ! int . ' dan le noir 's restaurant . night . 33 the moodily lit front desk at '' dan le noir '' . a darkened corridor head down toward the pitch dark restaurant . maitre D Julian will show you to you table . jay lead on , maestro . jay pull a face as a blind waiter approach ... they head along the corridor , right hand on the shoulder of the leading waiter . when they arrive in the dine room it be pitch dark . the screen be pitch dark - all you can see be a clock that appear in the corner - 8.15 p.m. rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 23 . tim I will go for the meat menu , thank you . jay give I the fish , juliano . God , I wish you have breast , timmo , no - one would see a damn thing . I could fondle you the whole meal . 34 8.46 pm 34 amongst the clatter of plate , right there ... julian Excuse I , gentleman , do you mind if this young lady sit beside you - it be the only spare table . jay no , please do . we honour and delight . lady , asseyez-vous . joanna hello , gorgeous . a very confident voice . jay and hello to you - it 's my birthday and I be very handsome . tim ( embarrassed ) o Christ . then , magically , a second , gentle voice . right in he ear ... mary hi. tim o hello . I be Tim . joanna and jay immediately launch into there own confident flirtatious dialogue , as mary and tim talk ... mary I be Mary . tim o. that 's my mother 's name . mary be that bad ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 24 . tim what do you mean ? mary well , I do not know , but I would have think that be quite bad - because no - one want to sleep with they mother - so if someone 's get you mother 's name , that 's get to be a initial turn off , initially . tim that 's never occur to I . mary no. well , good . it would be worse if I look like you mother . unless you mother 's very beautiful . tim she 's not . she 's rectangular . mary good . or bad - for you dad . I be sorry for you dad , but glad for you - and I , as it be . little awkward pause . tim how do you think the conversation be go ? mary really badly . can we start again ? 9.15 pm loud conversation from the other two . mary ( cont 'd ) jay be quite ... enthusiastic . tim I actually hate he . what 's joanna like ? mary basically she 's a prostitute . tim laugh . something be happening . 9.45 pm tim I think it 's strawberry mousse . do you want to try it ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 25 . mary okay . tim where 's you mouth ? mary here ... tim there ? mary no , that 's my nose , unfortunately . 9.53 pm jay okay , girl - be honest - who 's more beautiful ? mary / joanna she be / I be jay excellent . and I be blindingly handsome - Tim 's better see through a haze of alcohol . and he goe back to dominating joanna with noisy anecdote . mary actually , I look like kate moss . tim really ? mary no . I look a bit like a mouse . tim you like kate moss ? mary I have love she all my life . seriously . I be actually wear one of she dress . you ? tim no , she stuff do not look good on I . mary no , what do you think of she ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 26 . tim o - yeah - very pretty - though , I wish she look a bit more like a mouse . and she laugh at he . it's probably love . 35 ext . ' dan le noir 's restaurant . night . 35 CUT outside . the two boy have there coat on . jay o my God - of my God - I be so in there . what about you ? tim well , I do not know - but she sound ... the restaurant door open - jay straighten he hair on preparation for pouncing . jay o my God , here they come ... the door swing OPEN - the most romantic lighting ... out come a very pretty broad face girl . jay ( cont 'd ) joanna ? joanna jay ? jay how wonderful to see you at last . do you fancy some kind of clubbing experience ? and then who know - sex - possibly marriage ... joanna sorry - we have get to rush off . but help I find a cab - then if you like , I will give you my number . jay I like it very much . CUT to tim who be now really tense . and the door swing OPEN . mary be very shy , almost covering her face , aware of the strangeness of the moment - this be the first time they be seeing each other . but she be just gorgeous , in a quiet , sweet way . mary hi. rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 27 . tim hi. a smile . it be definitely love . tim ( cont 'd ) well ... it be lovely meeting you . mary you too . tim would it be very immoral if I ask you for you number - just in case , you know , I ever ... CUT to the number now on he phone . he deliberately save it - under the name ' mary X '. tim ( cont 'd ) thanks . very good to meet you . mary very good to meet you too . tim if anybody mug I for my phone , I will absolutely kill he before he take it and you number away . big smile . they walk apart , then she turn . mary you really like I ? tim just nods . and walk away . he life transformed . int . harry house . night . 36 entering the front door - tim hear a huge shout from the kitchen - and there 's harry with he hand CUT on a glass . tim what 's the problem ? harry nothing - just a flesh wound . you May remember , my play open tonight . tim o my God yes - how do it go ? harry well - it go well - very well - you could feel in the room a masterpiece be be unfurl . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 37 pause . 28 . tim really ? harry really . until - and this be the crucial plot point , I think - until the lead actor have the most massive freeze in the history of theatre . tim no ! harry yes . he do not just forget he line . he forget he line to a extent that no actor have ever forget he line before in the annal of dramatic art . in the crucial courtroom scene . the review will not say '' Major masterpiece get unveile '' - they will say '' Major actor get alzheimer '' . tim it 's a disaster ? harry be a understatement . it 's a catastrophe . it 's the Titanic of play opening . no survivor . tim okay . I will see what I can do . harry what the fuck do you mean ' what you can do ? 's - what you go to ring up every critic and offer they a blow - job if they ignore the fact that we sit in total silence for half a hour wait for a moron to remember one line . tim not quite that . he run upstair and stand in he room , fist clenched . ext / int . royal court theatre . night . 37 front of the royal court theatre —- harry totally in he element . much first night excitement . the play be call '' a guilty man '' . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z critic so what 's it like , Harry ? harry masterpiece , I be tell . tim I be just pop off for a minute . CUT to tim in front of a board backstage where there be picture of all the cast . spot the photo of the old bloke who must be the line -forgetting culprit . knock on he door . a grand old actor open the door . tim ( cont 'd ) hello , I be a friend of Harry 's . sir JOHN yes , I be afraid I be rather busy at the moment . tim yes , I appreciate that . it 's just , I think - ahm , how 's it go with the line ? sir JOHN ' the line ' - what do you mean ' the line ' ? tim it 's just - you know - in the court scene - some of that line be pretty complex - I think it might be worth just , you know , have one last look at the line before you go on - a little refresher ... sir JOHN get the fuck out of here , you sodd lunatic . tim be hustle out . but sir JOHN doe indeed pick up the script as he turn back to finish he make -up . CUT into the middle of the play . judge and now - the Defence . sir JOHN stand . huge long pause . but it turn out to be tactical and he start a tour do force in defence of a soldier accused of desertion . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 30 . sir JOHN I have be alive many weary year - but never , in that long catalogue of waste time , have I ever see such a atrocious miscarriage of justice ... harry be very happy . tim be very satisfied with he action . CUT on to the end of the speech sir JOHN ( cont 'd ) I rest my case . the audience actually applaud this tour do force . tim applaud loudest , looking round , utterly delighted . judge do the prosecution have anything final to add ? a slightly younger actor - 55 - stand . another long pause . that never end . a prompt come from off . prompter gentlemen ... forgetful actor gentlemen ... no use ... the prompter tries more ... prompter gentlemen , I regard today 's proceedings ... forgetful actor yes , yes - gentlemen , I regard today 's proceedings ... but that 's it - he then forget utterly . sir JOHN stand to try to help ... sir JOHN do my honourable friend mean to say that he regards today 's proceedings with the utmost gravity ? all the more so because a man 's life be at stake ? forgetful actor yes . I do . but it 's gone again ... prompter nevertheless ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 31 . forgetful actor nevertheless . ( huge pause ) no , it 's go . someone run on and hand he a book . in the flurry , he lose he place in the script . just can't find it ... voice ( 0 /s ) page 57 . forgetful actor thank you ... audience reaction of horror . suddenly tim get up and head out along he row .... tim Excuse I , excuse I ... CUT to tim in the toilet of the theatre , he fist clenched . CUT back to the moment of disaster . judge do the prosecution have anything final to add ? the forgetful actor stand . but it's the same pause . at first dramatic , then worry . CUT to harry in he seat . he know something be wrong . we sort of notice that tim doesn't seem to be in he seat . back on stage with the actor . total fear in he eye . the other actor nervous around he . then he hear a cough . it register in he eye . then a ' psst ' - and he look off stage for a moment - and there , stand in the wing , carrying huge cardboard cue card , with the speech written in black felt pen , be tim . just in time - before it really be a noticeable dry - the actor begins to speak . speak , and read , that be - weaving he movement and pace to face tim and give he time to flip the card . it be a cracking speech . forgetful actor gentlemen . I regard today 's proceedings with utmost gravity . all the more so because a man 's life be at stake . nevertheless let we be clear of one thing - it be the life of a guilty man ... CUT to the end of the play . huge applause . stand ovation - the actor who dried look particularly supercilious . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 38 39 32 . the audience turn to harry who couldn't be more scornful of the praise . and delighted by it . CUT into the bar afterward . harry be the blazing centre of attention . outside the ring of fan he spot tim . harry o look - and here 's the little prick who walk out half way through . you miss the best scene , you twerp . tim wander off alone . he take out he phone . goe to the address book , type in ' m' then ' a '. there be ' mary ' - but there's no ' mary X '. she' be wipe from he past . tim o no - fuck . ext . ' dan le noir 's restaurant . night . 38 hot and having run , tim' outside '' dan le noir '' . he check he watch . it's 10.48 . tim shit . shit . ( rush in ) two girl in earlier tonight - one of they look like kate moss - the other one like a sort of nice prostitute . do you have they name ? maitre d' o yes - no , I be sorry , they be walk - in and they pay by cash . sorry , sir . tim that 's okay . just the end of my life . utter sorrow - tim walk out accompanied by a woeful song . int . harry house . morning . 39 breakfast the next morning . merry harry , miserable tim . harry cheer up , mate , apparently you be live with Britain 's great live playwright . do not usually read they - but could not resist this one . " Harry chapman find guilty - of genius . '' rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 40 33 . he throws tim the review section of a sunday paper , with that headline . he look up at harry with hate in he eye . but then tim glimpse a advert , a reproduction of a photo of kate moss . it be a exhibition of mario testino photo of her -— last a week . tim I have to go out right now . int . gallery . day . 40 CUT to tim sitting with a huge picture of kate moss behind he , looking , looking - he be surrounded by the huge room of a exhibition . crowd speed past , while he stays sitting . evening fall . nothing . and again , the next day , tim in different clothes . and again . and again - kit kat 's now sitting with he . the seventh day . tim Nice of you to keep I company , kittle . kit kat nothing better to do . tim how 's Jimmy ? kit kat dumped I . tim not again . and work ? kit kat sacked I . tim idiot . coffee ? kit kat please . and muffins . I need treat . he head off , and while kit kat' waiting , mary casually sit down next to her for a moment , re- tie her shoe lace , and then head off . tim return . kit kat ( cont 'd ) what do she actually look like , you future wife ? who you meet at a party , and find out she like kate moss but do not find out she number ? and suddenly mary be actually stand right behind they . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 34 . tim Soft face . fringe . Bright eye . the prettiest girl in the world . and they walk off in different direction . and then , totally on the other side of the show , he suddenly sees her . tim ( cont 'd ) o my God . it 's she . he charge over toward her . kit kat follows behind . he speak from behind mary . tim ( cont 'd ) hi. she turn . very empty look , of course - he's a stranger . with a grinning sister beside he , giving a friendly little wave . give tim a thumb up - a bit embarrassing . mary hello . tim how be you ? mary I be fine . tim great . pregnant pause . mary we have never meet before . tim o no . fuck . of course we have not . mary you must have mistaken I for someone else . tim yes. no. no. you name 's Mary . mary that 's a bit weird . how do you know ? tim you ... look like a Mary . kit kat observing this sceptically . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z mary in what way ? tim well , my mum 's call Mary . he isn't do well - and know it . mary and I look like you mother ? tim not at all . much prettier . mary right - well ... great meeting you . sorry , I have get to go - my friend 's wait for I . tim yes . absolutely . he turn in despair to kit kat . kit kat very poor . tim very poor indeed . but let I handle it from here . kit kat coke-ee-dokee ... but , you know , she look cute . two thumb up from the English judge . CUT to mary - with her friend joanna . tim reappear . tim ahm , I again . mary hello . tim hello . mary joanna , this be ..? tim Tim . joanna hi. rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 36 . tim yes . I just have a weird experience with Mary here of think she be someone else I know - but she be not but I just wonder if ... I could walk round with you , because I be ... quite lonely . mary what about the girl you be with ? tim my sister . she have to go . somewhere interesting . we be a very interesting family . mary ( to joanna ) we should definitely say ' no ' . joanna yes - this be dangerous territory . mary all right . you have to promise you be not one of the follow thing - 1 / a lunatic 2 / a stalker 3 / worst of all - a bore . tim no. I be just a big kate moss fan . mary really ? do you agree the magic of she lie in she history - the informality of she early shot , compare to this stuff , so you always know , despite the high fashion , she 's still just that same cheeky normal girl naked on the beach ? tim yes , I do agree . 41 int . gallery cafe . day . 41 CUT to they together at the gallery cafe . tim milk ? mary yes . tim sugar ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 37 . mary no. tim boyfriend ? mary yes ! tim no ! you do not have a boyfriend ! mary do not I look like I would have a boyfriend ? ( to joanna ) do I look like I would never get a boyfriend ? tim no , no , I do not mean that . it 's just ... I do not expect - be he - quite a new boyfriend ? mary yes . in fact - rupert - over here . tim ( to himself ) rupert ? a rather groovy , good looking young man approach . rupert hi - sorry I be late - with my dad - he 's very needy with mum ... go . he leans and kiss her . the joy of new boy and girlfriend . mary this be Tim . tim be hate this . rupert how 's the exhibition ? mary gorgeous - she 's so beautiful . rupert never get it really . not my type . this doesn't go down well with tim . tim who be you type then ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 38 . rupert her , obviously . tim pull a face at that . then a thought occur ... tim so tell I , when do you two meet ? rupert only a week ago actually . it 's be a bit of a whirlwind , have not it , poochy face ? that's even worse . bile gathering in tim' throat . mary I be go to have to teach you what you can and can not say in front of people . rupert " poochy face ' out ? mary definitely out . and do not even think about ' fuckbucket ' . rupert I would never call you 'o fuckbucket ' . mary good . tim amuse , though it hurt ... tim so , come on , more detail . about the wonderful first meeting . rupert well , okay , it be , what , a week ago - you birthday , joanna ... joanna June 10 . rupert and jo be have a little party . tim where ? joanna my flat . tim which be where ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 42 39 . mary what be you - a detective ? tim no , no - I just have a very visual imagination - I like to , you know , imagine stuff completely . joanna meard Street , W 11 - 8.30 at night - will that do ? tim absolutely . Excuse I - sorry - I have now suddenly get a bit of a tummy ache - watch out for that muffins - I will be back in a tick . he literally sprint to a toilet , goe in , clench he fist ... ext . meard STREET . night . 42 arriving at meard STREET in a cab , tim sees boyfriend rupert getting out of a cab with four other young men . tim o god - I should have think this through . erm ... rupert ! rupert yes ... tim hello . rupert can I help ? something a bit nasty posh about he now he's not with mary . tim yes - ahm - ahm - it 's about you father . rupert my father ? tim yes - ahm - I be afraid he 's in real trouble . rupert what kind of trouble ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 40 . tim well , I be not at liberty to reveal that - but my strong advice would be that you go to see he straight away . rupert take out he phone . tim have to act fast . tim ( cont 'd ) but do not ring he first . rupert why ? tim he 's not at liberty to make or receive phone call , I be afraid . rupert I be sorry - but who be you ? - because there be a scenario here where you be a random lunatic . tim right . ( draw breath ) well then let I explain the actual scenario . I be a plain clothes policeman and I be do you a fuck favour because I know how badly this thing can affect the kid - so , risk my career , I be tell you to move you posh arse in the direction of paddington Police station . you be not you dad 's one phone call because he call he lawyer because he do not want to rot in jail for 50 year - but now he desperately need a friend - and my source tell I you may be the only member of the family leave , with you mother ... go . but , of course , you could just go get drunk instead , and leave he to suffer - miserably - alone - forever . rupert look at he . rupert paddington Police Station ? tim yes. rupert where 's that ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 41 . pause tim paddington . obviously . a friend come back out to the step . friend what the hell 's go on , rupe ? rupert look at tim who shake he head - ' don't blab ' . rupert it 's okay . nothing . I will be back in a hour . save I a drink . that ' back in a hour 's worries tim a bit . rupert ( cont 'd ) I suppose I should say ' thank you '. tim just do my job , friend . a cab fly by - rupert hail it . CUT inside the cab . rupert paddington Police Station . cabbie where 's that ? rupert paddington . obviously . 43 int . meard STREET party . night . 43 tim charge into the party and goe straight up to mary . tim hi. I be Tim . mary Mary . tim my mother 's name . but let 's not get into that . you would not like to come out to dinner with I , would you ? sometime in the next ... hour . mary that 's my friend joanna over there - she 's much prettier than I - should not you hit on she first ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 44 42 . tim no , I like the look of you more . mary easier to get ? tim no . just generally preferable . mary okay - I might come , if you be not crazy . which you now have to prove . tim well , let 's talk about kate moss . mary I actually like kate moss . tim I always think the key thing about she be the history . we all remember that fantastic picture of she as a young school girl on a beach , so that even now , beneath all the glamour , we still see the wonderful young , impish amateur . mary ( amazed ) that be exactly right . CUT to they heading out the door and hailing a cab - just as rupertas cab come and rupert jump out , fuming . int . greek restaurant . night . 44 tim and mary in a average greek restaurant . tim so - what do you do ? mary I be a reader at a publisher . tim no ! you read for a live . mary ( sensing he irony ) yes - that 's it . I read . tim that 's so great - the rest of we , we just read , you know newspaper , book - but you , you get pay for it . ( more ) rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z pause . 43. tim ( cont 'd ) it 's like someone ask , ' what do you do for a live ? ' - ' I breath , I be a breather . I get pay for breathe ' . how do you get that job ? mary okay - what do you do , smartarse ? tim I be a lawyer . sort of . mary sexy . tim ( genuinely surprised ) be it ? mary I think so - in a suit , in a court save people 's life - that 's quite sexy , be not it ? tim yes , I guess it be . but not as sexy as read . sitting there , in you office , in a little chair - read . mary wait right there , mister . a lot of book get submit to the publisher I work for , and it 's my responsibility to find out if any of they be masterpiece . no - one ever forget the pwidjkralb . tim what 's that ? mary the people who turned down JK Rowling and lose billion . tim of course . scary ... mary exactly . so it 's a immense responsibility . tim I bet it be . and do this mean when you be do normal read , it 's ruin , because it 's you job ? ( more ) rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 45 44 , tim ( cont 'd ) like prostitute . I always worry that when they stop be prostitute , they can not enjoy sex any more . mary you always worry about that ? tim no , I sometimes worry about it . mary good - because someone who always worried about that would be a worry . tim right - but , when you read a newspaper , do you think , '' of fuck this - it 's work '' ? or a menu - ' I be not read this unless you pay I hard cash ... '' they be completely on the same wavelength ... int . mary hallway / flat . night . 45 the hallway of her flat . tiny corridor , they be squeezed close together in the light coming through the glass window above the tatty door . mary I be go to go into the bedroom and put on my pyjamas . tim right . mary in about a minute , you can come in and take they off . he walk in - she be sitting on the edge of the bed , wearing blue pyjamas . he come toward the bed , trip over her shoe , gather himself - and take off her pyjama top . underneath be her bra . he reach round to take it off , but it 's not easy - lot of unhappy finger . mary ( cont 'd ) it 's a front opener . tim o yes - of course . thanks . they begin to kiss - the camera move discreetly away from they - and back again . sex be all over . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 45 . tim ( cont 'd ) sorry . I be sure it will be better second time . mary I think it be pretty lovely . tim well , right , yes , it be lovely . just give I ... one minute . mary ah yes - man thing ... he walk out - and walk back in again , five minute earlier — she be sitting on the bed wearing her blue pyjamas again . he come toward the bed , avoid her shoe , sit down - and remove her pyjama top ... he reach for the front of her bra - and with a practised flick undoe it . mary ( cont 'd ) wow . you know you bras . tim I like to think so . again they kiss - again the camera goe up and come back down . this time on return , the bed look messier . mary wow . well do - some guy make the most awful mess of it first time . tim pah - amateur . could you ... excuse I just one second ... CUT to he re-entering the room , now taking off he top as he approach the bed and then remove her pyjama top ... CUT to they lying in bed together . they be splayed out and completely satisfied . mary it 's like we have be together forever ... tim if only . best night of my adult life ... CUT on - and off come her pyjama top again . CUT to they in bed again . they be utterly exhausted . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 46 46 . tim ( cont 'd ) best night of my entire life . and now I have get a suspicion I be go to have the best sleep of my life . mary o really . so my perfect man be a typical man after all . once be always enough . tim I be not sure that 's completely fair . mary just one more little kiss . tim it 's 4 in the morning . mary perfect . int . mary room . morning . 46 the next morning . together they 're heading down the escalator in a underground . the folksy romanticism of ' how long will I love you ? ' plays . they pass the busker playing it ... busker how long will I love you ? as long as star be above you and longer if I can ... and as the song plays , we see the next six month of there relationship , in there coming and going in the tube - the band just play the song once - but we see thing like these , moving through seasonal clothes ... 1 / mary and tim be both returning from work - and happen to meet in front of the band and kiss . 2 / it be late at night - they be coming home - she be on he shoulder , fast asleep . 3 / they can't resist the music - and have a little dance together . 4 / they sit waiting for a train - with kit kat in between they - after a tiny pause - she just turn and hug mary . 5 / the two of the they returning from a lady gaga concert - they both wear gaga t-shirt - then , following , kit kat in absolute full costume , huge hat , huge shoe . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 47 47 . 6 / rushing , really late , they split onto separate platform — mary miss the train - ' fuck fuck fuck '. tim sees , and laugh . 7 / | both in full animal costume for a fancy dress party - one big soft rabbit , one dalmation . 8 / both in a bit of a rush - tiny peck on the cheek and they head out of shot . then both of they come back - and have a proper kiss . they notice they be be watched by the busker - and tim throws they a coin . she pull a face , reach into he back pocket - and give they a 20 quid note . int . mary flat . morning . 47 casual saturday morning atmosphere in the flat ... mary I have get some bad news . tim how bad ? mary very bad . tim you be die ? mary not that bad ? tim I be die ? mary no . my parent be drop round . tim o god. no. when ? mary now . tim now now ? mary now now . tim do they know I exist ? mary I have mention something like you - but nothing very specific . rc about time - MARCH 8 2 u1z the door bell ring . tim do I live here ? mary definitely not . tim be we have sex ? mary yes , but probably not oral . tim I be not go mention oral . mary well do not . tim how do you think that be go to come up ? mary I be just say - if it do , deny it completely . tim who 's go to bring it up ? you dad ? '' Tim - have any cunnilingus with my daughter recently ? '' mary open the door . there be the parent . mary dad. mum. o , and this be Tim . tim hello , sir . ma ’am . mary dad shall we drop back when you have not get company ? mary well , that 's quite tricky - because Tim sort of life here . mary mum really ? tim yes . but no oral sex , I promise you . dad I beg you pardon . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 48 49 , tim Excuse I . the door open again . mary dad. mum. o , and this be Tim . tim hello , sir . dad shall we drop back when you have not get company ? mary well , that 's quite tricky - because Tim sort of life here . mum really ? tim yes . but in the spare room . mary there be not a spare room . tim no . but in the spare bit of she room where she be not . in other word —- no sex . of any kind . especially not ... mary coffee anyone ? it 's a great morning drink . as she turn she pull a face at tim - even when he fuck up , she love he and there life together be good . int . mary 's room . night . 48 back in bed . both lying there . tim I have get ticket for the National theatre tomorrow . do you want to come ? mary so not . I be just go to sleep all day . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 49 50 . tim I do not see why go to the theatre should get in the way of that . many of the best sleep of my life have happen in the Royal Shakespeare company . mary no , take someone else . tim what kind of sad act be go to be free on a Saturday night with no day 's notice ? int . national theatre . night . 49 the show be go on at the national . shakespeare - ' nay but this dotage of our general oxerflow the measure ...' pan along a audience row - there , absolutely gripped , be rory from the office . tim be next to he . the end of the show - tim and rory get ready to leave . tim o my God . it 's Charlotte . rory who ? tim my first real love . rory where ? tim there . rory the old woman ? tim no , not the old woman - the astonish blonde . rory the one with dark hair ? tim no - blonde - blonde mean with blonde hair . and there she be , exquisite , mysterious , in the crowd . tim ( cont 'd ) stay there - I mean it - stay . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 51 . he move through the crowd toward her . tim ( cont 'd ) Charlotte . she look around not seeing he . he almost lose he nerve , then have one more go . tim ( cont 'd ) Charlotte . charlotte o my God - Tim . she give he a huge , wonderful hug . charlotte ( cont ’d ) fabulous to see you . o - this be my girlfriend , Tina . a very pretty , short -haired , dark -haired girl . tim no ! charlotte ( puzzle ) yes. tim that be so brilliant - hello Tina . tina why be it brilliant ? tim well , you know there be certain moment in you life that scar you for life - and Charlotte 's rejection of I be one of that moment - totally screw up my self - confidence . but now I know she 's get a ... girlfriend that 's suddenly a huge burden off my mind - I can be a confident heterosexual all over again . charlotte not that kind of ' girlfriend ' . pause . tim what ? charlotte you think I be gay ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 52 . tim o. no . of course . ' girlfriend 's - yes . no. wow . friend who be a girl . so - I be just go to get my boy - friend - I be very keen you should meet he . and back in time again - tim approach charlotte . tim ( cont 'd ) Charlotte . charlotte o my God - tim. fabulous to see you . ( huge hug ) o - this be my girlfriend , Tina . tim hello , Tina - though you should be a little careful with that , by the way . there be still quite a lot of we old - fashioned type who interpret ' girlfriend ' as sort of meaning ' gay ' so if you say Tina 's you girlfriend , people will assume you be ' gay ' . tina I be gay . do you have a problem with that ? pause . tim no , I do not . Love that stuff . back in the stall - just at the end of the play . tim ( cont 'd ) wow - I just see the girl who break my heart three summer ago . rory let 's go say ' hello ' . tim no , best let sleep dog lie . 50 ext . national theatre . night . 50 CUT to they coming out of the theatre . tim what do you think of it then ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 53. rory brilliant . best night of my year . voice / off Tim . and there charlotte be again , in all her glory . tim Charlotte . what a ... surprise . charlotte good to see you . ( she give he a big hug ) this be my girlfriend Tina ... rory ( bad whisper ) she 's gay ! tim shut up . hello , Tina . charlotte how great to see you . we be just off to dinner , but it would be great to ... hang out sometime . tim well , yes , great . I would love that . charlotte send my love to kit kat - how be she ? tim she 's fine . she 's okay . not find London totally easy ... charlotte Jimmy tell I he see she sometimes . tim ( not happy ) really ? since when ? charlotte there be always something there . and you be ? rory very well , thank you . tim she mean you name . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 54 . rory rory . my name 's rory . charlotte Nice to meet you , rory . she head away rory God she be beautiful . she 's so beautiful if you have sex with she , you would die . you would just die - you would open she shirt , you would see she breast , you eye would explode . you would have to have sex with she blind . and then you have come . and then you would die . tim yes - but you notice she do not give I she number ... then suddenly , there she be again . charlotte I tell Tina to go have dinner on she own . you hungry ? tim sod off , rory . rory okay - thanks again for the play . gripping stuff . ( confidentially ) you know she 's gay . 51 ext . restaurant . night . 51 they 're eating in a lovely outside restaurant . lot of laughing ... tim be very happy to be with her . charlotte I be start to think we slightly waste that summer holiday . tim hal charlotte if we could travel back in time , maybe I would not have say ' no 's tim you do not say ' no 's - you laugh . you go ‘ha ha ha 's . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 52 53 55 . charlotte laugh . tim ( cont 'd ) that be it - that be exactly the sound - the sound of my confidence die for a decade . little pause . charlotte I be just stay round the corner . ext . charlottea HOTEL . night . 52 they 're outside her HOTEL . crisp seductive night AIR . charlotte do you want to come up ? he just stare at her ... utterly beautiful . charlotte ( cont ’d ) make up for lose time . pause . he be very undecide what do to . she be sooooo pretty . charlotte ( cont ’d ) so ... tim so ... so ... ( and he make up he mind ) so lovely to see you . total joy . what a lovely night . I must get home - something important I have to do . Goodbye Charlotte . a little kiss on the cheek - then he turn and sprint away . ext . london street / underground . night . 53 and absolutely jump in the STREET - overjoyed because he's not having sex . no man have ever be in a bigger rush . he sprint across trafalgar square , and rush down tube stair . he have ant in he pant as he wait for the train . he rush on , jog in the carriage . when the train stop , he get out - then realise he's got out too early , and just manage to squeeze back in again . out of the underground , he sprint home - he literally can't move fast enough - he lets himself into mary flat . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 54 55 56 . int . mary flat . night . 54 there mary be sleeping - he dive on top of her . she be utterly sleepy , mascara smudged on her cheek . mary what ? tim would you like to marry I ? mary sssh - I be try to sleep - do not be so selfish . tim right . that go well , I think . int . mary flat . morning . 55 at breakfast the next day - tim sit at the table , revving up for the big moment . mary charge in , so late for work ... mary o God , I be so late . tim Mary . mary yes. tim I have get something I really need to ask you . mary yes - come on - what ? ( checking watch ) I be so screw . tim I just wonder if you would like , eventually , at some time in the future ... to marry I . mary o my God . ahm - she look at her watch . really ? you be do this now ? tim sorry . I be just pop out for a second . rc about time - MARCH 8 2 u1z and he be there again alone - mary rush in late mary o God I be so late . tim see you tonight then . mary yeah . 56 int . mary flat . night . 57 . again ... 56 tim in the kitchen waiting , nervously . poised to propose . mary o God - I be exhaust . I be just go to jump in the shower . tim ( resigned ) right . CUT into the bathroom . she emerge from the shower . he wait directly outside nervously . tim ( cont 'd ) Mary . mary Hand I another towel , will you ? tim yes . Mary . mary do you mind if I just have a little private moment ? tim of course . ( as he exit , under he breath ) would not want to ask you to marry I when you be just busting for a wee ... a few minute later - in the bedroom . mary okay . I be all yours . tim Mary . and on goe the hair dryer . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 57 58. tim ( cont 'd ) o for Christ 's sake turn that fuck thing off and ... this be the moment she turn it off . ... tell I whether you want to marry I or not ? mary I be sorry ? be that a marriage proposal ? tim yes . mary not a very romantic one . tim no . you want more romantic ? mary maybe just a little bit more romantic than '' turn that fuck thing off and tell I if you want to marry I or not . '' but , no , it have a certain rough charm ... tim I will be back in a minute . back to her in the shower . he open the curtain . tim ( cont 'd ) I think we should go out to dinner . ext /int . petersham nurseries . day . 57 CUT to after dinner . we see the restaurant - a jazz band playing . the camera move and find tim and mary walking in the ground - dark , shadowy , but beautiful . tim be not this gorgeous ? mary yes - and a bit dangerous and I be get a bit cold . shall we go back in ? tim just give I a moment ... CUT to tim at the reception desk with the manager . he be working toward the perfect proposal . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 59 . tim ( cont 'd ) we be go out for a walk - do you think you could turn on the light in the garden ? manager of course , sir . tim and can I borrow a couple of coat ? CUT to mary and tim outside again . it really be magical now - gorgeous garden , with what seem to be old ruins , little stone seat , lovely lighting - and mary now in a lovely red coat . tim in a old country coat . tim ( cont 'd ) this be pretty gorgeous , be not it ? mary gorgeous . very romantic . tim God - what 's this ? there 's something in the pocket of the coat ... mary what ? tim let 's see . here have a look ... he take out a little BOX , she open it - it 's a engagement ring . mary o my God . be this a proposal ? tim smile and nods . mary ( cont 'd ) in a garden , under a arch , in the moonlight - could it be any more romantic ? tim well , actually - give I a minute . CUT back to the garden a minute earlier - light , coat , everything perfect . she open the BOX - it be a engagement ring . mary o my God . be this a proposal ? in a floodlit garden , under a arch - could it be any more romantic ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 60 . tim well , actually ... he flick he finger - and there in a light , under a marble arch , be the restaurant jazz combo ... and they launch straight into 'my funny valentine 's . mary slightly weird song for the occasion - ' you look be laughable , unphotographable 's . tim click again - this time they play ' when I fall in love '. he be on he knee . she look down at he . mary ( cont 'd ) honestly , you should have just ask I one night in bed . tim do not think I do not try . any thought about the answer ? ' yes ' / ' no’ / ' maybe ' all possible . pause . mary I think I will go for ' yes 's . thanks for ask . particularly cool since I be actually pregnant . tim no ! mary yes . I be go to be full of surprise , honey . 58 ext . family home . day . 58 outside the door of the family home . mary 's a bit nervous . tim most important - if they offer you a cup of tea - just say ' no ' . ( he mother open the door ) mum - this be Mary . mum Mary - pleased to meet you at last . good lord , you be pretty . mary do not be stupid . it 's all just mascara and lipstick . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 59 60 61 . mum let 's have a look ... o yes - good - lot of mascara - and very nice lipstick . it 's very bad for a girl to be too pretty . stop she develop a sense of humour , or a personality . tea ? mary I would love a cup of tea . tim o Christ , that 's the whole day go . ext . beach . day . 59 during the traditional tea on the beach ... tim what happen when dad ask you to marry he ? mum o , it be so romantic - I mean really extraordinary , very unlike you father . the sunniest day - music be play - and a little child come run up and give I a rise just after he ask I . tim really - how lovely - how lucky , dad . dad ( with a twinkle ) very lucky . int . dad' study . day . 60 later tim be leafing through he father' collection of singles and album ... lot of fabulous sixties sleeve . just casual conversation . tim how many time ? dad what ? tim do you do the proposal to mum . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 61 62 62. dad o God - I mean , 10 . take a fortnight . tim o look ! I would forget this . my God - Jimmy fontana . ( a old italian record ) dad greatest song ever record by a italian who look like he have a dead badger on he head . ext . garden . day 61 mum walking along talking to mary . mum and what be you fault ? mary insecure . mum sweet. mary bad temper sometimes . mum crucial . how else be you go to get people to do what you want ? mary and I can not hold my drink . mum that 's fun . mary sometimes yes , sometimes no . sometimes I sing , which be the ' yes 's , but sometimes I just fall asleep - that 's the ' no 's . mum I hope we get lucky tonight . int . live room . 62 mary be stand in front all they all . singing adele 's '' someone like you '' boisterously . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 63 64 mary '' I hear that you be settle down , that you find a girl , and you be marry now , I hear you dream come true ... '' dad ( to tim ) we love this girl ... int . game room . night . 63. 63 tim and he dad in the table tennis room . there place . dad be just poised to serve ... dad where 's Mary ? tim fast asleep . dad sweet . right - ( tv commenting ) and what a extraordinary game this be - for the first time a father and son be play each other in the World table tennis final - and neither of they be chinese . tremendous play by the old world champion and he son , the first openly gay british ping - pong player . but it feel like the youngster 's beginning to crack - there be tear in he eye ... tim there be not . dad there soon will be . a triumphant smash . int . hallway . day . 64 suddenly , almost magically , kit kat appear tripping down the stair as tim be heading for the kitchen . tim I do not know you be here . kit kat yeah , just pop up for a while . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 65 64 . tim what about the job ? she wrinkle her nose - obviously the job be no more . tim ( cont 'd ) how long have you be here ? kit kat couple of month . tim wow . so life in London ? kit kat horrid . be Mary here ? tim yes. kit kat where ? tim outside , I think . kit kat rush off - he call after her ... tim ( cont 'd ) be gentle - be gentle ... but it 's too late - kit kat charge out the door - sees mary , run at her - knock her to the ground , pin her arm and start kissing her all over her face . int . dine room . night . 65 everyone at dinner . tim right - I have get a important announcement to make . uncle D o dear . mum what 's the problem , D ? uncle D it 's the Germans , be not it . War . tim no , it 's not war , uncle D . it 's that we have decide to get marry . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 65 . all say '' hurray ! '' . kit kat scream with joy and assault mary again . from the general excitement emerge uncle D . uncle D who be you get marry to ? tim Mary here . uncle D thank God for that - would have be jolly embarrassing if it have be another girl . imagine that - ( to mary ) you would have look like a total gooseberry , would not you ? dad can I say I have only know Mary for a few hour , but already I be sure , in the event of a nasty divorce , I be stick with she , not Tim . tim thank you . o , and by the be ... the wedding will be quite soon , because we be have a baby too . uncle D you be pregnant ? mary yes . kit kat scream again . uncle D good lord - who 's the father ? mary Tim here ... uncle D thank God for that . very awkward if it have be another fella ... 66 int . mary flat . night . 66 night in there flat a few day later . tim be reading - mary enter in casual tracksuit and t-shirt . mary we have to decide tonight . tim what ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z expectant she take she take 66 . mary everything you have refuse to engage with . best man . honeymoon . where we be marrying . how many guest . tim we have not decide any of that ? mary the only thing you have decide be that I will come down the aisle to the sound of a italian weirdo sing a song call Il mondo . tim excellent ... mary to which I have say a definitive ' no 's . so here 's the deal . I will take off one item of clothing for every decision you manage to make . this be a one off offer . striptease , in you own live room , by a woman you think , by you own admission , be very pretty . pause . tim okay . you have my attention , young lady . mary right . good . where do you think we should get marry ? tim Home - I have hate anywhere else . off her t-shirt , and be wearing a bra underneath . mary good . who should the priest be ? tim the local bloke with the yellow tooth and massive uni-brow ... mary okay , that 's a lock for hagrid . off her baggy sweat pant . she have no sock . she be just stand there in bra and pant . mary ( cont 'd ) ah. right . I should have think this through first . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 67 . tim yes . mary I should have wear more clothes . tim yes . mary so I better pick two really important question . best man . tim damn . I really want to see that breast , but ... mary best man . now . tim this be so hard . it 's lose / lose - you piss off all the one you do not pick and you end up hat the one you do pick because he make a embarrassing speech and ruin you day . mary do you want to see this puppy or not ? tim ( very tentative ) Harry ? mary the breast be the border from which no decision can ever return . Harry ? really ? she reach back for her bra strap . tim no. bad idea . he will get drunk . jay ? mary you choice . tim he 's my best friend , but he 's a moron . mary he will fuck up everything , yes . tim rory - he 's boring - but he will try so hard ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 67 68. mary sure ? tim yes. definitely . rory . no , Harry . it 's Harry . mary okay . it 's Harry . we see from behind as she flick off her bra . tim actually , no - rory . mary that be such a cheat . but rory it be - it 's rory and it can never change . honeymoon ? she place her thumb on her pant . tim wow - this be turn into a exceptionally good night . I know this one ! venice !!! mary do not think we can afford Venice ... tim anywhere , anywhere literally .... int . family home church . day . 67 CUT to the wedding day . they 're in a SMALL local church near home . all the guest be there . tim be at the front with he nervous best man , rory . he whole family in the front row . uncle D looking particularly resplendent . jay make eye contact with a very cute bridesmaid , joanna . the priest be the yellow toothed uni - browed guy . a clank of a door - sudden hush . then , we see a finger push a button on a CD player somewhere in the church . a very dramatic pop song start to play . then a italian voice begins to sing . CUT to tim shocked . CUT to various surprised member of the congregation . CUT to he dad ... and he mum looking at he dad ... and dad looking at tim . we also see big polly from the beginning - next to her enormous 6 ' 8 '' husband . when mary turn into the MAIN aisle , in her heavenly wedding dress , tim be overjoyed . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 68 69 . it be he request '' IL mondo '' , a huge epic italian love ballad . kit kat' bridesmaid dress be , by the way , a insane purple wonder . when we hit the song 's chorus , tim 's dad start to do a groovy dance movement to it - as doe tim - as finally , so doe the bride , heading down the aisle ... eventually , dad doe the full arm up in the AIR - and then realize it's slightly unsuitable ... and apologise to he wife ... CUT to the bride and GROOM kissing at the altar - we hear thunder - clearly it 's getting stormy outside - the congregation applaud - and now there be massive rain on the window . amongst the guest be the sweet looking guy who danced with the 10 year old . CUT to the end of the service - as the couple come out of the church , it be absolutely pouring . the next two minute of film show the worst rainstorm / hurricane ever see in britain . it be absolute chaos . with a bellowing italian and a thousand violins as the soundtrack . as they walk from the church , the bride's train be totally in the sky - and then tear off - old people fall - someone in a wheelchair scoot dangerously to the cliff edge ... they reach the comfort of the marquee - but it's false comfort - it tear quickly - and start to deconstruct as water flood in through the hole in the fabric . people be hanging on for dear life - someone be nearly decapitate by a flying metal pole . some child have found the utter mud of the garden and be completely filthy . everyone be completely soaked . a lot of the women appear to be almost naked now , as there wet thin dress stick to they like coloured flesh . it be broad , realistic , chaotic comedy . all accompanied by the remaining , epic , orchestral minute of ' IL mondo ' . int . family home / mary flat . day . 68 the entire wedding be now be squeezed into the unprepared live room of the family house . rory stand up to speak . he be incredibly nervous . rory when Tim ask I to be he best man I be terrify , so I think , well , the best thing be to finda book about speech - and ahm , this be it and it say '' think of really funny anecdote '' - and there be one very funny story actually from work . ( more ) rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 70 . rory ( cont 'd ) it be quite a complicated case base on a issue of cross - amortization of ownership of post - divorce property - and ahm - let I just explain the context - the defendant - a certain Mr ... CUT straight to harry speak , in exactly the same place ... harry when Tim ask I to do he best man speech , my immediate reaction be - '' how much be you go to pay I , you little shit ? I do not write for free , you know ... '' CUT back to the stripping game in the flat ... tim I be go to go for jay . mary really ? tim yeh - he might be funny and I be pretty sure we can rein he in ... we CUT right back to the reception . jay have a white board - with a powerpoint presentation . jay this be the girl available in Tim 's teenage year . slide of tim and , around he , five photo of girl . jay ( cont 'd ) and this be how far he get with each of they . there be now number on line between tim and the girl . jay ( cont 'd ) let I explain the code . Zero - obviously nothing . quite a lot of that . 5 - blow job . only one , I be afraid . and back to mary and her bra . tim do you know , I know it 's unusual , but I think I will go for dad . CUT to dad finishing he toast and it's go well ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 71 . dad and so , a toast to the man with the worst haircut , but the best wife in the room . they all laugh and clap and tim smile at he . after the dad' speech , they chat in a corner of the room . dad ( cont 'd ) I wish I would say that I love you . tim you do , dad - it be imply ... dad I be not sure ' imply ' be good enough for a wedding day , be you ? pause - they both know what he means . tim do not do it - it 's fine - I be really happy with it as it be - you really do not have to . dad I will do what I want to do , young man . CUT back to the new speech ... dad ( cont 'd ) my natural instinct of course be to try to be funny about my son - so many flaw - play table tennis like a hairy goat , have never quite master the art of shave . but always important , first , to say the one big thing . I have only love three man in my life - my dad be a frosty bugger - so that only leave dear uncle D - nat King Cole , of course - and this young man here . I would only give one piece of advice to anyone marrying . we be all quite similar in the end , we all get old , we all wrinkle , we all tell the same tale too many time - but try to marry someone ... kind . and this be a kind man - with a good heart . I be not particularly proud of many thing in my life - but I be very proud to be the father of my son . afterward , back in the swing of the party ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2 u1z we should 72 . kit kat well do , daddio . I think you would probably just joke you way through it . dad I be tempt to - but decide not to . this time . be a little worried about kit kat again . dad ( cont 'd ) be you okay , kit kat ? kit kat o yes - I be good , very good . Orange juice , no vodka - or be it the other way round ? she toast he in vodka . uncle D you next , kittle kattle ? kit kat I do not know uncle D. boy be not very nice . uncle D be not they , darling ? kit kat not in my experience . always take liberty . not give much back in return . uncle D o dear . she' getting drunk and jimmy kincade be ignoring her . tied into the fact that kit kat be at home when they announced there proposal , and that she 's jobless , it be starting to be a nagging worry , the dimming of this gorgeous girl . CUT toward the end of the reception ... older woman I be so sorry to disturb you - but I wonder if I could have you autograph . harry no - no ! fuck off . it 's a wedding for God 's sake . ( more ) rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 69 70 73. harry ( cont 'd ) I be here to celebrate true love - not to hand out stupid bit of paper with my illegible signature on it that you can flog on ebay , so at the next wedding you can afford to buy a less hideous hat . tim I see you have meet my mother - in- law . harry o God - ( to her ) you might have tell I . people should wear name tag . mother in law what would you have say if you would know ? harry ' sod off 's , rather than ' fuck off 's , I suppose . a few final wedding image , and a final worry moment with kit kat , out cold , jimmy just casually smoking beside her , not worry . CUT to mum and dad romantically waltzing ... then move from they dancing to tim and mary . mary take a glass of champagne from a waiter and downs it . tim do you wish we would pick another day ? mary not for all the world . int . wedding bedroom . 69 tim be looking at he beautiful bride , in her nightgown . she turn to he . mary '' and I -i- I will always love youououou ... '' CUT on five minute . mary lie in bed - comatose . tim smile at he wonderful bride . int . mary flat . day . 70 CUT to a few month later - a very pregnant mary be sitting in a chair - ' reading ' . then suddenly ... mary o Jesus . it 's come . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 74 . tim o Jesus . what do we need ? ahm ... mary I have do it all - it 's all in the bag . tim nappy ? phone charger ? mary everything . every single thing . just get the car . all you have to do be drive I to the hospital . tim right . okay . excellent . 71 ext . mary flat / london street . day . 71 they be squeezed into the car - he sets off , nervously ... mary where be we go ? tim to the hospital . mary which be in the opposite direction . tim of course it be . mary okay - stop the car . tim be it come ? ( the baby ... ) mary no , it 's not come . I just want to point out you just have one job , that 's one . the keep fit , I do - the prepare the nursery , I do - the pack the bag , I do - the carry the alien in my sodd stomach for nine year , I do . you one and only job after impregnation be drive I to the hospital . do you actually know which hospital we be go to ? tim yes . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 75 . mary which hospital ? tim ahm ... mary you tell I the name of the hospital or I will give birth to the baby in you face . pause . tim either St. Mark something or paddington something ? mary ( with the voice of satan ) drive ! I will guide you . CUT on - they be stuck in a long row of traffic . mary ( cont 'd ) for God 's sake - do something . there 's a head appear between my leg . tim leap out of the car . and goe round the corner - to see a huge traffic jam ahead , leading to a famous zebra crossing . tim o Christ - Abbey Road . there's a queue of people waiting to take photo . tim approach nervously . accosting stranger be not he speciality . tim ( cont 'd ) could you just , you know , hurry up ? japanese person Abbey Road . Beatles . John , George , Paul ... lingo . tim yes , I know . fast as you can . the japanese foursome move on - and the next lot , AMERICANS , come on . and stand in the middle of the road arguing about who be go to be who . tim ( cont 'd ) terribly sorry , but , could you just ... they ignore he . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 76 . american 1 I be not take the picture - I want to be in the picture . american 2 well , I be not do it - I do not come all the way from Minnesota just to be hold the goddamn camera . tim look , I will do it - okay . Jesus - be careful . he nearly get run over - but get the photo do . he turn to the next lot , some grumpy northern teens . tim ( cont 'd ) right . the thing be , though , that my wife be have a baby ... northerner 2 it 's not go to be any bloody good anyway , Dave , with only three of we - it 's go to look stupid . tim look , I know what ... CUT to the three northerner - and tim as the FOURTH beatle - with a east european taking the picture . northerner you have get to take you shoe off ... tim ( utterly panicking ) what ? northerner Paul be not wear any shoe . tim kneel to take off he shoe . they 're now ready to pose . mary ( v.o. ) what . the. fourfold . fuck . be you do ? there she be - massively pregnant , as her husband pose on the crossing . tim I know it seem - it be really complicated - I promise this be the quick ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 72 73 74 77 . mary o my god - it really be come now ... tim Abbey Road ! he point to the studio and run in . int . abbey road . day . 72 tim speed past reception - open the first door in the corridor . a huge studio , where adele be performing . tim sorry . my mistake . he come back out - open the next door - it be a broom cupboard . tim ( cont 'd ) that 's better . int . mary flat . day . 73 a hour earlier - mary be sitting , very pregnant once more . mary oh Jesus . I think it 's come . we CUT to tim - but now he be surrounded by map of london . tim cool - I have finalise the route . the car be outside on a special parking metre . St. Mary 's paddington , here we come ... and I think we should avoid Abbey Road . int . hospital room . day . 74 the two of they in the hospital room , with the tiny baby . mary posy ? tim posy she be . the most beautiful girl in the world . tim ( v.o. ) no one can ever prepare you for what happen when you have a child ... ( more ) rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 75 78. tim ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when you see the baby in you arm and you know that 's you job now . no one can prepare you for the love and the fear . CUT to tim watching as posy rest in he mum' arm . mother o she 's lovely . you be such a ugly baby . I remember the first time I look at you , I thank God we be in drive distance of London Zoo . dad come on , he be not that bad . mother o do not be silly ... but look , the past be the past , the nightmare be over , he grow up human , the day of suckling a simian be a distant nasty memory . uncle D , do you want a hold ? uncle D o yes please ... tim ( nervous ) ahm , do you think that 's ...? yes , sure . sure ... he watch uncle D with he baby with pride . he glance at he dad , who be looking at he , he baby son , now grown up . int . mary flat . day . 75 tim ( v.o. ) there be other thing , of course - no one can prepare you for the bad nappy ... mary and tim in the live room . they hear the baby cry ... tim let I do it , darling . tim with the baby at a changing table - he open the nappy - reel back in SHOCK ... CUT straight back to the live room a bit earlier . the baby start to cry again ... tim ( cont 'd ) why do not you do this one - I have get a big case tomorrow ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 76 77 79 . he point to a lot of paper all round he . mary sets off , no idea of the horror ahead . we stay with tim , until we hear from the other room ... mary ( v.o. ) o my GOD . where do this all come from ? ext / int . mary flat . day . 76 tim ( v.o . ) no one can prepare you for the love people you love can feel for they ... kit kat be on the floor with the baby , now six month old . just playing with her - as though they be the same age . mary and tim obviously ready to go out to dinner . tim be you sure you be okay ? kit kat I would like to babysit for she every single day of she life . I want you to die at the restaurant so I can take over forever . tim ( v.o. ) and nothing can prepare you for the indifference of friend who do not have baby ... int . mary flat . day . 77 in the live room , another night . jay give posy the most casual of glance . jay yeah , great , very pretty . anyway - she 's 18 year old , 18 . I swear , she do not even own a bra ... I have never see she indoors in trousers . just leg up to there and tiny , tiny pants ... tim ( v.o. ) and nothing can prepare you for how small a place that seem a good size suddenly become ... the flat be just full of pram , nappies , food , baby bed ... tim ( v.0 . ) and how quickly you have to move to a place you can not quite afford . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 78 80 . they be in a sparsely furnished new garden flat . tim ( v.o. ) it 's just the sheer shock of the pure unconditional love for this human fluke that happen to be yours ... int . tim and mary 's house . day . 78 CUT on month - the house be dressed for a birthday party , streamer , little hand drawn sign saying 'I am one !! '' . they be there preparing cupcake - and the doorbell goe . mary that will be you mum and dad . bizarrely early as ever . tim be open the door - it be the three of they from home . tim hello , mum , dad . uncle D. wonderful to see you . come on in . and look , if it be not godfather rory ... rory be carrying the largest teddy bear in history . everyone be gathere - a few friend - a few baby - the family group in there comfy chair . the giant teddy bear next to uncle D . rory only two important thing for a godfather , I reckon - tell the child never to eat anything bigger than its head . and never bring a present smaller than the child . harry o shut up . harry be there too , with a very SMALL bear . mum I do not expect to see you here , Harry . Children 's party not exactly you style . harry I be trick . I be tell there would be free booze . hate kid , as you know . for fuck 's sake , Tim - I be go to need straight vodka if there 's a fuck clown come . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 81 . CUT to the clown in action . it be go very badly . the kide be utterly distracted - the mum be pretending to be interested . mary look at tim savagely . CUT to everyone later , in another clown - less version of the party ... tim we think of have a clown but decide against it - best keep first birthdays small , just family , two friend , one giant stuff toy . dad speak of which , where be kit kat ? mary do not know . she say she would be here around three . the door bell goe . tim speak of the devil ... the front door . tim open it . it be a greasy haire , handsome but not nice looking young man . he's jimmy kincade , who we first saw at the new year 's party , year ago . tim ( cont 'd ) Jimmy - what can I do for you ? and where 's my sister ? jimmy I think she be here . tim no - she never arrive . jimmy that 's not good . tim what do that mean ? what do ' that 's not good ' mean ? and the camera focusses in on he - and it all goe weird for a moment . tim turn and we follow he walking back , day , toward the family . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 79 82. tim ( v.o. ) there 's a song by baz luhrmann , call sunscreen - and I have never forget two line from it - '' worry about the future be as effective as try to solve a algebra equation by chew bubblegum . the real trouble in you life will always be thing that never cross you worried mind . '' int / ext . hospital . night . 79 CUT to mary and tim racing into a hospital . then contrasting stillness . in a quiet room - on mary and tim' face . CUT to kit kat , lying in a hospital bed - her beautiful face badly CUT and bruise . her hair pulled back tightly . tim what happen ? we see a flash back to a huge car crash - smashing glass and violence . the car , a purple mini , clearly belong to kit kat . CUT back - it's hard for kit kat to talk , but she doe . kit kat we have a fight . and maybe I be not completely sober . tim it be tea time . on a weekday . kit kat I know . very poor . sorry . tim I blame Jimmy . kit kat it 's so not he fault . tim well , so you say ... in the corridor , tim storm out past bad jimmy who be sitting outside . jimmy how be she ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 83. tim not good . when do she leave you ? and from where ? I want it exact - exact time , exact address . CUT on to tim walking along the hospital corridor - and open a door . passing nurse that 's a broom cupboard . tim I know . I love ‘em . CUT back to the front door , four hour earlier . mary you cut it fine . tim sorry - I have to pick up kit kat . he head in with kit kat following - although now well , of course , she be not looking her best . she slink in , have bag under her eye . there's still some of the usual natural sparkle , but a sense of something wrong underneath . kit kat approach the family group ... mary ( whispering to tim ) she could not come herself ? tim no , as it turn out , she could not . CUT back to they after the party . relaxing in the chaos .... tim ( cont 'd ) I be worried about kit kat . mary I know . she be drink vodka while we be drink tea . and Jimmy be not nice to she . tim we have to do fix it . mary we can not do that . if it 's go to be fix , she have to fix it herself . tim maybe . maybe not . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 84 . 80 ext . beach . day . 80 tim and kit kat be walking along the beach at home . pause as they stroll , then ... pause . tim darling kit kat ... kit kat how do I immediately know I be about to be tick off ? tim you be not . but I am a little worried ... kit kat what do I tell you ? it 's a full - blooded tick off . tim it 's just , you know , this be a strange place for you still to be come all the time . here with mum and dad and uncle D ... kit kat my best friend . tim indeed . but , what 's happen ? you be the best person in the world . top equal with my wife . and the dog in the artist . I do not quite get it . kit kat neither do I . time for the truth . she doesn't look at he as she talk . kit kat ( cont 'd ) I think life be go to be so great . but somehow up in London , in the real world , I keep get knock about ... tim and get drunk . kit kat so sometimes I get drunk . and Jimmy 's unkind . so I come back home . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 81 82 85 . tim what happen with Marcus ? he seem a nicer guy than you usual . kit kat I mess up - have a abortion - and he leave . pause , tim be mortified . tim and so you end up back with Jimmy . pause . kit kat maybe , just maybe , Tim , I be the faller . every family have someone who fall , who do not make the grade - who stumble , who life trip up . maybe I be we faller . and she give he the loveliest smile in the world . int . tim 's bedroom . night . 81 tim lie in he old bed in he old bedroom , in he old pyjamas , eye wide OPEN . ext . lawn . day . 82 the next day . they stand out on the lawn where the wedding marquee stood , overlooking the sea . tim stupid . kit kat yes , stupid ? tim you know I have spend my entire life take the piss out of you because you believe in total crap . kit kat yes . tim horoscope ... kit kat be brilliant ... tim acupuncture ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 86 . kit kat can cure any medical problem . tim the electric Light orchestra ... kit kat be the great band of all time . except the monkee , of course . tim exactly . all you belief , total codswallop . but , oddly , you may have have a point after all . I be go to tell you a secret - but you have to keep it . kit kat we have always keep secret . tim we have . kit kat you put you willy into Jenny arbuthnot . tim I know . thank you for never tell anyone . kit kat I do not think even Jenny know . pause . kit kat look at he and shrug her shoulder . big stop . pause . kit kat ( cont 'd ) so what 's the secret ? tim you promise you will not ever tell . kit kat yes . big pause . tim I can travel in time . kit kat would not it be so completely and utterly and totally great if you could ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 87 . 83 int . cupboard under stair . day . 83 CUT to they in the cupboard . kit kat why be we stand in the cupboard under the stair ? tim because we be go to go back in time - and you be go to do some thing differently ... kit kat you be really funny - I love it when you be funny . tim hold my hand . we see there hand clench . and they TRAVEL in time . and be still in the cupboard . tim open the door - they peek outside - and then instantly shut the door again . they 've both see it 's the night of the new year eve party year ago , the very start of the film . she peek they head kit kat o my God . o my godigod . I be right all along . everything 's magic . anything can happen . outside again . kit kat ( cont 'd ) you be kid though - I can go back anywhere in time and you bring I back to the worst party of all time ? tim ' fraid so . kit kat though at least I meet Jimmy . tim my point precisely . out nervously . at which moment a strange looking ginger girl pass he . ginger girl hello , Tim . there be a slight awkwardness between they . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 88. tim hello , Jenny . kit kat and tim exchange a look ... kit kat she still want it . tim okay - now we have get work to do . kit kat what work ? tim we be make sure you do not meet Jimmy kincade . and - quick - in here ... and indeed , the front door open and jimmy enter just as tim sidle kit kat into the next room . he doe look cool . kit kat but we have sex later . tim not this time you do not . another friend accost kit kat . JOHN kit kat . kit kat John - look , very important - do not go to Thailand - you will get rob and imprison . JOHN thanks kittle - I have no intention of go to Thailand . kit kat no , but you do - seriously . and there be picture of you all over the newspaper in a very tight pair of swim trunk . suddenly in front of they , the door open - and in slouches jimmy , with that touch of jame dean about he . kit kat ( cont 'd ) wow . tim no. next door . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 89 . kit kat but he 's about to tell I I be the most beautiful woman at the party and put he hand down the back of my jeans . tim come on . they retreat into the next room - jimmy follows - they watch he from the corner like hawk . he glide through the room . help himself to a drink . stand very still , survey the room - tim and kit kat have to turn around quickly to avoid he gaze . they then turn back . jimmy have spotted he prey . he head toward a very pretty girl . suddenly he turn on all he charm . kit kat frowns . tim watch her . then look back at jimmy . already he be leaning a little too close the girl , who be so flattered by he attention . he whisper something to her , and he hand slip behind her back , move down toward the back of her jeans . kit kat right . I get it . and she march straight over to he . kit kat ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , Jimmy . jimmy do we know each other ? kit kat yes , we do . very well . and this be what I should have do right at the start . and she smack he hard on the cheek . the whole room hear the SOUND - and turn . kit kat ( cont 'd ) happy New Year everyone . tim and now we leave . 84 ext / int . car . night . 84 they be drive in a car away from home . kit kat what happen now ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 85 90 . tim God only know - but what I be hope be that from this moment on you avoid the sleazy bad guy - because they be sleazy and bad . so you do not spend you life feel worthless , give up every job on some bastard 's whim , live in horrible flat wait for the phone to ring . kit kat wow . when do you get so serious ? tim since it occur to I that I might lose you . pause as she register he real concern . kit kat and where be we go ? tim back to the future . int . pizza restaurant . night . 85 CUT to a grim local pizza restaurant . tim and kit kat enter , walk straight past the person sweeping the floor . sweeper that 's a broom cupboard , mate . tim thanks , I know . we can not resist they . they stand inside the dark cupboard . kit kat so , wait a minute , when we get back , will I remember the old life ? tim yes . I always do . but the new one be the real one - the old one be something you luckily escape . cleaner enter to see this slightly strange scene . cleaner Excuse I . tim sorry - just give we one second . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 86 87 88 91 . he take kit kat 's hand , clench it ... int . home cupboard . day . 86 and they be back where they start . they look at each other .. then kit kat 's whole new life sweep up at her . kit kat o my god . tim what ? kit kat teddy . tim teddy frankman ? kit kat yes . wow . surprisingly , you know - in bed . right - let 's do this ... they step out of the cupboard . dad walk past casually ... dad come on , you two . tea 's up . they head out into the garden . and there , sitting with mum and uncle D , as though he absolutely belong there - be tennis - playing teddy frankman . kit kat give tim a wide - eyed look , and skip over , giving teddy a kiss on the cheek ... int . train to london . day . 87 tim be beaming with happiness as he head back down on the train up to london ... job do . delightful music plays . int . tim and mary house . day . 88 he head back into home . mary greet he at the door - holding a plastic BOWL and spoon . mary hello gorgeous . how be you day ? tim immensely satisfactory . mary will you do dinner . there 's something I have get to do before six or I get fire . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 89 92 . tim I can not think of anything I would love to do more . he goe into the next room . tim ( cont 'd ) where be the most gorgeous person in the world ? come to you dad and get food shove into you mouth . and round the corner of the messy MAIN room crawl a little boy - exactly posy's age but not posy . black hair , not blonde . it be a moment of almost genuine horror . the little boy rush up to tim , who , in SHOCK hold out he arm . the sweet child - but just not he child - hug he . child dadda . the camera move round as we see the completely happy child gripping he father be neck - and tim , completely horrified , holding he tight . tim put he down . tim just stay there ... little boy . and I will be back in a minute . he head out into the corridor . mary be you okay ? you look like you have just see a ghost . tim yes . no. I be great . he isn 't . he head into the bathroom . close the door . clench he fist . int . hospital . day . 89 suddenly he be back in the hospital , just after posy's birth . he enter the room where he mum be holding the baby . tim dad - can we talk for just a moment ? he dad come out into the corridor . tim ( cont 'd ) I can not go back past this again , can I ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 90 91 tim nods . 93. dad no , I should have mention that . the exact sperm at the exact moment - if you do anything the tiniest bit different , different baby . chance be . tim so every day up till yesterday be as it will always be ? lose . dad just like for everyone else . tim okay - okay . interesting . tough . Love you , dad . get to go . dad Problem ? int . tim and mary 's house . night . 90 it 's after the baby 's birthday party - in the debris of the room , tim sit with kit kat . tim kittle - I be really worried . kit kat what about ? tim you ... kit kat do not be silly . tim and Jimmy . kit kat actually , we be go through a rather good patch . tim look up at mary - as she predicted ... ext . family home . day . 91 they be walking in the garden . tim I want to talk about Jimmy . I really , really think he 's a bad ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 92 93 94 94 , kit kat influence , I know . but he 's good fun , and that 's 1l do I ... uncle D. I be go to mash you , just mash you at croquet . she run off . we focus on tim , in turmoil . tim okay . okay . int . tim and mary 's house . day . 92 we be back at the start of the baby 's party - everyone there except kit kat . mary we do think of have a clown - Tim be particularly keen - but we think Harry might kill he . harry I would have do , I hate the smiley bastard . mary better just have family . tim isn ’t quite joining in ... dad speak of which , where be kit kat ? we CUT to tim - he grit he teeth - and then ... ext . STREET . day . 93 we see kit kat 's car crash happening again . tim have have to let it happen again . int . hospital . night . 94 kit kat in hospital bed . very late at night . tim just sitting in the chair by the bed . kit kat open her eye . kit kat you be still here . tim yes . kit kat go home . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 95 . tim no . I be not leave this room till we find a way of make sure this never happen again . a hour later ... kit kat I will drive more carefully . tim good start . but there 's more . seriously . you have to work it out . kit kat I be tired . tim I too . CUT to the next morning . same situation . kit kat I will have to stop drink before teatime . tim that too . keep think . 95 int . hospital . night . 95 later on that night . the swelling have gone down a bit - kit kat 's hair be back to normal . she doesn ’t look quite so bad . tim be sitting patiently in he chair . pause . kit kat turn and sees herself , lying in the bed , in a mirror beside her . kit kat I have to leave Jimmy , do not I ? and I have to stop drink - and stop leave job - and I have go out with someone nice and boring . and tim smile a smile as wide as a river . later . he 's a preparing to leave . and nice be not necessarily boring . kit kat like who ? pause . tim Matt damon ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 96 96 . kit kat okay . I will go out with Matt damon . and if he 's marry ? tim Pat damon , he twin brother ? or nat damon , the youngster in the family . sceptical pause . tim ( cont 'd ) tell I . do you remember teddy frankman ? kit kat what about he ? tim just , you know , pop into my head . what 's he like this day ? kit kat okay . quite cute look - bit straight . get on well with the damon family . tim I be think of ask he to dinner . you free ? kit kat might be ... and she give he a huge smile back . as he leave , jimmy be coming into the hospital corridor . tim no ! no ! out ! right now ! you be so totally and utterly out of the picture I can not fuck tell you . int . tim and mary house . night . 96 CUT back to he front door . tim rush in and round the corner totter posy . he hug her with all he power . mary come round the corner too , her most lovely . tim let 's have another one . mary another what ? o , screw that . one be enough for I . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z tim ( v.o. ) fortunately , we be young and fertile and it be not long before ... 97 ext . london park . day . 97 . 97 a beautiful day - they stroll through a park . mary have a baby in a papoose ... tim ( v.o . ) and that 's another big strange thing - you pour all you possible love into one child ... posy , now getting bigger be running toward he . tim and this be incredible , posy Lake , only three year old , be about to break the woman 's Olympic record , if only she trousers can stay up ... which they don xt. she trip and fall . tim ( v.o . ) and then you have another one , and it turn out you have get exactly the same amount of love on tap ... he's swinging he son round as they walk on . tim ( v.o . ) Love , this extraordinary ingredient that have no limit , ever expand , self - reproduce . and all the time you love the woman you love as much as you ever love she ... 98 int . tim and mary 's house . evening . 98 he's just getting back from the walk - mary be in the hallway - wet hair , just wearing a towel . mary darling , I be sick with nerve . what do you wear for dinner with the great author in the country ?? tim I will settle the kid and come straight up . up in there bedroom . mary emerge from a little dressing room , in a pretty blue dress . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 98 . mary how about this ? tim gorgeous . job do . she check herself in the full - length mirror to her left . mary no . take it seriously . I hate it . make I look lumpy . tim right . I hate it too . a sharp CUT - she re-emerges in another dress . mary what about this ? tim gorgeous . we do it ! mary not too breasty for Le carre ? tim no . mary it 's too breasty . tim be it ? mary yes . and another one . mary ( cont 'd ) this ? tim not too breasty . mary no , but I think high heel . or my leg will look too short . tim which they be not , but whatever make you feel good . High heel be great . she now have the high heel on . rc about time - MARCH 8 2 u1z mary I can not wear high heel - it 's not that kind of evening . tim not high heel then . mary but then we have the short leg problem . CUT to the next one . mary ( cont 'd ) I do not think this one be too bad . tim I think it 's fabulous . mary really ? tim yes. mary what about the blue one ? little pause . tim the first one ? the lumpy one that be not actually lumpy ? mary yes . which do you prefer ? tim I do not know . I be actually start to go a bit mad now . she emerge in the original dress . mary okay , let 's go with this then . although I think viz a viz breast it 's a bit disappoint . where be the kid ? tim I leave they downstairs . mary not in the room with the manuscript . tim I do not think so ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 100 . CUT into the live room . it be a firestorm of paper — totally cover in torn and coloured and shredd page . mary you be joke . you leave they in here . with the only copy of the book in existence apart from the one on John Le carre 's computer . I will be fire . the company will be fire . my life be ruin . tim goe to walk out of the room . the phone tim okay - take it easy - I be just go to ... mary do not you dare leave the room . if you leave the room , I be leave you . I mean it - face it like a man . talk to I - how could you be so stupid ? tim I just have to ... mary don't you dare ! goe . mary ( cont 'd ) and do not you dare answer that . what be we go to do ? tim look , I be sure we can , you know , reconstruct it . mary and how do you suggest we reconstruct this ? ( a fully chewed page ) tim well , no , that 's not go to be particularly easy . May not be a very important page ... pause . the phone ring on . tim ( cont 'd ) I really think we should ... mary if you answer the goddamn phone , I will kill you . rc about time - MARCH 8 2 u1z the phone 101 . tim all right . I will not answer the phone . but I must just go to the little room ... be still ringing . mary no ! '' sorry , Mr Le carre - we have read most of you book - but the rest of it get eat , or coloured in - or actually shred . '' tim yes - I have no idea posy actually know how to use that machine . in a way , it 's impressive , though obviously not in a particularly good way today . mary can't bear it any longer . she answer the phone and shout into it . she hand mary what do you want ? okay . sorry I shout , helen . he will explain . it 's for you . you mum . tim the phone . he take the phone and just listen . tim right - we will come up . he hang up . mary what be it ? tim dad . I will call kit kat . mary be he all right ? tim no , he 's not . 99 ext / int . family home . day . 99 the front door . mum answer . kit kat just sprint straight in past her . mum hello darling . tim mum . how be you ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 100 102 . mum honestly ? tim why not ? mum Fucking furious . I be so ... disinterested in a life without you father . tim head into the live room . there's uncle D looking out the window . tim D. how be you ? uncle D do you know - I be very well , though a little hot . but you father I think be not so well . Cancer . tim yes . uncle D I be very unhappy about that . at you wedding he say he love I . tim he do . uncle D I know . that be the best day of my life . so this be probably the worst . there eye meet . two equal adult . tim head on in to he dad' study . int . dad 's study . day . 100 tim dad . in contrast to the deep sorrow of the rest of the house - it seem like business as usual for he father . dad o for God 's sake - not you too ? tim what ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 103 . dad well , kit kat 's just roll up blub she eye out - and now you be here . what 's mum be say ? tim the truth . dad yes , well , apart from that . CUT to they , sitting in he study - they 've be talking . dad ( cont 'd ) do not think I have not try . it may have be the smoking but I could not undo that , as it be before you be all bear - and mum definitely would not have go out with I at all if I have not be such a sexy smoker . I do get it find as soon as possible - but it be too late . tim how long ? dad o , you know , it could be year . tim how long really ? dad week , I be afraid . pause . moment of awkwardness . something strange in the AIR . tim have we have this conversation before ? dad yes. tim what happen ? dad I rather let myself down . hugged you . and tim walk toward he - he dad stand - he hug he . as he emerge from the hug . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 101 102 104 . dad ( cont 'd ) I never say we could fix thing . I specifically never say that . life be a mix bag , no matter who you be . look at Jesus - he be the son of God , for God 's sake , and he life be still all a terrible old fuck up . tim I know - but you must see , I feel a bit cheat . dad do not - in fact feel the opposite - the only people who give up work at 50 be the time traveller with cancer who want to play more table tennis with they son . tim right - so that be ... dad sorry we have to call . it 's suddenly get very bad - and mum and I have be fight it alone for quite a while . tim be there anything at all I can do ? dad I have think of this one thing . if we be very careful . just do it exactly the same ... ext . beach . day . 101 CUT to the beach . father and son walking along together , away from US . music plays . they go down a little dip in the dune for a moment - and when they reappear , in the distance we see that tim be 10 again , a little boy holding tight to he father' hand ... we watch they walk away - as young tim skip away and twirl in the joyful wind around the father he have always love ... int . dad' study . day . 102 back in the study , the next day . dad be looking out to sea , then turn ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 105 . dad so. Tim . my son . do you want to know the secret - or do you want to find it out for yourself - like I do ? tim o Christ - there 's not another secret ? dad less dramatic . more important . the big one . tim no - tell I . let 's save some time . and we CUT outside the window as when they first spoke . we be not party to the information revealed . 103 int . family home . day . 103 the next day . father and son be stand by the front door . dad think about that thing I mention . practice . tim I will . thank you . dad Mary . she hug he - he whisper . dad ( cont 'd ) I have leave everything to you . do not give he a penny . mary thanks . the moment you die , I be leave he . 104 int . train . day . 104 tim be on the train thinking about what he father say . we be interested . what be the secret ? mary what do you two talk about all that time ? tim stuff . and you and mum ? rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 105 106 106 . mary we decide it would be best if you never die . if you can work on immortality that would be great . he look out the window - when he turn back , a tear be falling down her cheek . tim you be such a wonderful woman . I be so lucky to have you . int . tim and mary house . day . 105 back home in bed ... mary what 's you day tomorrow ? tim ghastly . Long , boring meeting . very difficult case - very late night . int / ext . london . day . 106 distinctive music plays . first , we see tim in the middle of a long legal meeting - we see they all talking and rory be there - but we only notice the boring discussion ... then tim rush lunch ... buy a sandwich from ' pret a manger 's . he get a phone call from kit kat as he and rory walk toward the court . he be impatient hearing from her , try to get off the call from the very start ... tim hey kit kat . how 's thing ? o good - great . look , I be sorry , this be not a great time . maybe later . okay . okay . well look , that 's great - I be really pleased . wow. great. good old teddy . urgh. honey - this be so not the right time - I be need in court in about five minute . okay . yes . I be go to have to go or I will lose my job . let 's talk later . okay . okay . then into court . he be summing up to the jury . he client be very worried and he be very tense - but he get the result that he wanted - ' not guilty 's - and , as he tidie he paper , he say to himself '' phew '' . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 107 107 . coming back home on the underground - bore . checking he watch . tire . a annoying man on the train listening to he too loud ipod . getting home late . heading off to bed asap , after this little bit of exhausted dialogue in the kitchen . mary how be it ? tim tough . dull . tense . time for bed . CUT to they in bed . mary Light off ? tim yes - though I might just pop to the bathroom first ... CUT to tim in the bathroom . tim ( cont 'd ) okay , dad , let 's give it a go . he shut he fist and travel . int / ext . london . day . 107 CUT straight back to the start of the same day . the same long meeting - we see they all talking - but this time we see tim look across at rory who we just glimpsed in the background earlier - and he smile at he - and rory beam back . rory mime a little secret yawn . then tim goe back to listening ... and when the other lawyer say something clever say '' that be a very good point '' . then tim rush lunch ... but this time , he enjoy scanning the food and pick out something nice - and then there's a pretty girl who serve he in the same way as before , but he respond positively and civilly to her . he get the phone call from kit kat as he and rory be in the corridor leading to the court . tim give I a second . rory we be really late . tim just ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 108 . and he stop and take the call . tim ( cont 'd ) hey kit kat . how 's everything ? you be kid ! you be kid ! o Christ - I be so sorry I be in a tiny bit of a rush ... rory be literally jumping up and down with nerve - the corridor be getting empty - everyone be suddenly at work ... - but that be so great . good old teddy . say ' yes 's - even if you be not sure - say ' yes 's . and yes - we be absolutely free on Thursday . I be actually need in court ten minute ago , so can not tie down all the detail . but yes , my darling , I love you and this be great news . and I ‘'1l ring you back a little bit later when I be not about to give a close personal friend a heart attack . bye , sweetie , bye . and then he and rory sprint faster than usain bolt along the ancient corridor in the direction of the courtroom . CUT into the court . this time though , instead of the myopic rushed view - tim sees the beauty of the british courtroom , grand , beautiful , leather , civilize , organised . CUT to he summary - '' lady and gentlemen of the jury '' — and he look into there eye to see they as real people , really listening , taking there job seriously . and he look back at he client - really caring . he can feel the power of what he's saying - say it with a little more relish . and then CUT to the verdict . and when the juror say ' not guilty ' - tim be uncool - a huge smile - a warm handshake with the overjoyed client - a look at the juror and how proud they be of there correct decision . he earlier '' phew '' — no celebration , just relief - be replaced by '' hurray '' . coming back home on the underground - looking at he watch . accepting it's late - unbuttoning he jacket , lounging back . actually hearing the music coming from the man' ipod - and enjoying it . CUT to mary and tim in bed again . mary so , not as bad a day as expect ? tim no , pretty good actually . very good day really . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 108 109 109 . mary that 's a relief . if it have be a bad day , I think I might have have to have sex with you to make up for it . tim it be a very bad day . it go very badly . I lose my job . I kill a man . and I think I just hear one of we child die downstairs . he give her a big smile . it be exactly the same day - and completely different . tim ( v.o. ) and so I begin to live the new life my dad give I . each day , live twice . once with all the strain and tension that stop we notice how sweet the world can be - and once , well , notice . int . train . day . 108 mary and tim be back on the train go NORTH ... music plays . tim ( v.o. ) some day , of course , though , you only want once ... int . family home . day . 109 the empty hallway at home . then uncle D come downstair , fixing he waistcoat , black suit . then kit kat , black jeans and t-shirt , no shoe . with her nice boyfriend teddy . then mary in a pretty black dress . then tim in he suit , now joined by he mum . mum right - be we ready for this ? harry come in from the next room , and walk through . harry course we be not . hateful day . tim just give I one minute . he goe into the toilet - he come out dressed in normal clothes . he head into the study . he dad in perfect health be sitting in he big leather chair , reading dicken ... rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 110 . dad this bit 's very good - can I just read you this bit - tim read away . we have get all the time in the world . pause - there's something odd in the AIR as tim sit . dad where have you come from ? there be tear in tim' eye . dad ( cont 'd ) okay - okay . thanks for come . how 's uncle D 's suit ? tim immaculate . dad excellent . Mary 's dress ? tim quite sexy actually . dad perfect . do I mention I want that stevie wonder track ? tim yes - all set . dad excellent . and he begins to read a funny passage from ' dombey and son ' out loud , as tim sit and listen . 110 ext . family home . day . 110 outside the big car be drive away , with all of they in it . it's the day of he dad' funeral . stevie wonder 's jubilant " yester -me , yester -you , yesterday '' plays . will int . train . day . 111 back in london , tim and mary be on the train home . he look up , thoughtfully . she be looking at he . the kide be with they , asleep ... tim tough . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 112 111 . mary tough . though I think Jenny arbuth not look cute in black . tim true . she know how to excite a man . int . tim and mary 's house . night . 112 they be laying the kide down at night , carrying they in from the train , laying they into bed . they creep back into the corridor . lean against the wall - end of a long day .... mary what do you think about the kid ? tim what about they ? mary not very many , be there ? tim I be sorry ? CUT - they be sitting on chair in the ramshackle garden , both drinking ... pause . we a shot of mary I just think . maybe - you know - it 's time for the insurance baby . in case one of they be really clever - we do not want the other one to spend they whole life feel stupid - if we have another one , at least we could have two happy thicky . tim you be so romantic . mary what do you think ? know it 's a huge decision for he . tim cool . cool . dad always wish there have be more of we ... and anyway - we might try and nothing happen . mary exactly . the old family home . a shot of the new house . time be passing by . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 113 114 112 . int . tim and mary house . day . 113 mary be very pregnant for the third time - in there bedroom . mary could be tonight . tim and you can not believe the detail in which I know the route to the hospital . will you excuse I for a sec - there 's something I have get to finish . he be heading downstair . goe into the live room , in total darkness . stand there boldly , fist clenched . ext / int . family home . day . 114 CUT to outside the family home . inside tim and he dad be playing table tennis . he dad win one final last dramatic point with a flourish and a smash . dad o my god. I win . I have not win for year ! tim you finally get good . dad what 's my prize ? apart from the Olympic gold medal , of course ? pause . a big smile from tim . tim a kiss will have to do . dad a kiss ? a kiss ? tim step forward and kiss he father gently on the cheek . they look at each other . suddenly it be clear to he dad . this be the last time . dad ( cont 'd ) I get you . this be it then ? tim yes . this be it . dad my son . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 115 113. tim my dad . they both smile . pause . dad or just one more game - I would love to beat you twice . tim it 's never go to happen . dad '' who would have think it - father and son for the 28th year in the Olympic final - and young Tim suddenly look like a break man . '' ext / int . family home . winter . 115 CUT outside the family house again - but now it's winter -— speck on snow . tim ( v.o. ) so now I be almost up to date with my story . sometimes , just for fun - I still bounce around - CUT inside , where christmas be be celebrate around the tree . teddy the boyfriend be holding a new ipad . tim mum - surprisingly modern and good taste gift for you . mum thank you . open yours - it 's even better . he open it - the most hideous hat of all time . the full knitted santa . mum ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? tim I think it 's gorgeous . we CUT to he mum , delighted , then CUT back to tim - he be now holding the ipad , not the hat . have you get one of this , Ted ? teddy be wearing the hideous hat . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 116 117 114 . teddy no - I would love one , but who really need it , when you have get this hat ? ext / int . tim and mary house . day . 116 the outside of the london house . tim ( v.o. ) but in the end , I think I have at last learn the full message from my strange adventure in time - the truth be I now do not travel back at all , not even for the day . I just live every day as if I I have deliberately come back to this one day - to enjoy it as if it be the full , final day of my lucky life ... in the bedroom . both of they in bed . a glowing grey day outside . mary I will do the kid . tim no , do not worry - I will do they . mary yes , you do they , lazy bastard . she turn and goe back to sleep . he look at her and love her . the definitive music of the film plays . suddenly , the camera style change subtly - a special beauty in everything ... tim head downstair - posy's waiting , in her little pink school uniform - tim start to make breakfast - the little boy drift in , all sleepy and pyjama 'd . CUT to tim flipping a pancake utterly badly . posy you be the worst . little boy want mummy ... tim laugh at he naughty son . int / ext . london street / bus / legal chamber . day . 117 he walk posy to school - wave to her outside the school gate . walk away - look at the street he walk every day , with there private charm . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z 115 . he run and catch a bus - a young girl and a old woman sitting in front of he chat enthusiastically . at work rory be there - looking chaotic - working hard - ink on he finger ... rory Hell of a day ahead . tim we will get through it . a morning cup of tea ... it's just the most utterly normal day . but everything be full of ordinary special beauty . and then CUT to tim and rory in utter chaos rushing along a corridor , late again —- when he mobile goe . it be mary . intercut with her . she be also in a rush , somewhere else in london , looking wonderful , the wind blowing her hair . mary what time be you home tonight ? tim about 9 , I hope . you ? mary 6 . what do you fancy for dinner , my hungry husband ? tim you decide . mary risotto ? tim what flavour ? mary maybe chicken . tim Chicken would be absolute heaven . he hang up , step forward . freeze . and that be that - the reality of dinner with someone you love at the end of a normal working day be actually what heaven be . ' moment of pleasure ' by kate BUSH plays over the credit , which consist of bit of real film , of real people's favourite moment of there own extraordinary , ordinary live . rc about time - MARCH 8 2u1z