about Schmidt by Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor inspire by the novel by Louis begley second draft May 8 , 2000 ext . mutual of omaha headquarters - day the very structure suggest sturdiness and reliability . int . warren schmidt office - day a wall clock read 4:58 . warren schmidt , 66 , sit at he desk look up at the clock . the desk be completely clear except for a telephone . next to the desk be several large cardboard box . they be mark '' schmidt active document , '' and '' schmidt file archive . '' Warren look at the clock again -- 4:59 and thirty second . he remain motionless for a full thirty second . the second hand finally round 12 . warren stand , put on he jacket , walk to the door . he wistfully pat the box , take one last look , turn out the light , close the door . off screen -- cheer follow '' for he 's a jolly good fellow . '' then -- a thunderbolt . int . / ext . cadillac - night rain . through the windshield -- Warren drive . his wife helen , 64 , sit next to he . open credit begin , wipe on and off by the windshield wiper . helen spot something up ahead . helen look , Warren -- you name in light ! Warren lean forward and make out -- the big neon sign for gorat 's steakhouse . below , awkwardly space letter spell out '' happy retirement Warren Schmidt . '' Warren nod slightly , lean back in he seat . ext. gorat 's steakhouse - wight the cadillac pull into the parking lot . credit continue . int . gorat 's steakhouse banquet room - wight on the wall -- frame photograph of prize-winn cattle that have be slaughter for this fine omaha eatery . warren eat he steak . wide -- twenty or so people sit around a t-shape table . Warren and helen sit at the head . on a side table lie wrap gift . Warren happen to be seat right where two table be join . he try crossing he leg and must mask he discomfort . gary nordin , 34 , clink a greasy knife on he water glass . neck be thick , and he brook Brothers collar be too tight . gary for my part , I would just like to say , Warren , that as the new guy take over for you , I hope I can fill you shoe , because from the look of the people here and what they think of you , they sure seem awfully big . his General courtesy laughter . credit continue . gary ( cont ’d ) as most of you know I recently move here from hartford with my wife Sandy here and kimberly , we 14 - month -old , and you have all just make we feel so welcome , and Warren , I want you to feel just as welcome to drop by the office to visit anytime you want . as we have be discuss in the last couple week , I might have some question to ask you about we various account and such . so here 's to you , Warren . he raise he water glass in a awkward toast gesture . all join in . Warren manage a smile as everyone mumble some variation of '' rere 's to Warren , '' or '' we be sure go to miss you , '' or '' good luck , Warren . '' a stout older fellow with a loud , abrasive voice -- ray nichol -- chime in . ray bey , Warren , how do you feel about this young punk take over we job ? they shove I out the door three year ago . look like some kind of conspiracy to I ! everyone laugh affectionately . Ray stand . ray ( cont ’d ) . now I have know Warren here probably . longer than most of you have be alive . Warren -.and I go - way back , waaaaay back to the horse and buggy day at mutual . but that 's ancient history . we be good friend not only at work but also out on the golf course and on fishing trip up at my cabin in Minnesota . and what I want to say to you publicly , Warren , so all this young hotshot can hear , be that that gold watch there do not mean a goddamn thing . Warren finally feel a note of connection with someone . ray ( cont 'd ) and this dinner do not mean a goddamn thing , and the social security and pension do not mean a goddamn thing . Ray 's wife mildre smile uncomfortably as she grab he hand to get he to take it easy , but Ray be on a roll . ray ( cont ’d ) none of this super- fishy - ality mean a goddamn thing . what mean something , what really mean something , Warren — Ray take a dramatic , drunken pause . ray ( cont ’d ) what really mean something be the knowledge that you devote you entire life to something meaningful -- to be productive and work for a fine company -- hell , one of the biggest insurance carrier in the nation -- Ray count on he finger and at one point count the same finger . _ twice . ray ( cont 'd ) ~to raise a fine family , to building a fine home , to be respected by you community and have some wonderful , loyal friendship . hear the part about raise the family , helen put she hand on Warren 's , but he do not react . ray ( cont ’d ) a at the end of he career , if a man can look back and say , '' I do it . I do my job , '' he can retire in peace and glory and enjoy rich far beyond the monetary kind . so all you young people here , here 's a role model . right here . I want you to take a good look at a very rich man . all applaud . Ray lean over the table to shake hand with Warren . in do so , one side of he jacket trail through he mashed potato and gravy . Ray sit back down , and everyone resume eat . Warren look at he food , can not take another bite . he slide he chair out . warren ( to helen ) be right back . angle from the door -- ag Warren leave the room behind he . int . gorat 's lounge - hight Warren take a seat at the bar . it 's noisy and crowded . there 's a singer accompany by a guy with a drum machine and keyboard . the bartender put down a cocktail napkin . bartender good evening . warren vodka gimlet , please . Warren sit alone at the bar wait for he drink and wait and wait -- it seem to take a lifetime . credit end int . schmidt home - night helen and Warren remove they rain coat and hang they up . the phone ring . helen answer . helen hello ? oh , hi , honey . yeah , uh-huh , it run a little late , yeah . of '' * course he be . ( to Warren ) 7 Warren , get on the phone . it 's jeannie . Warren take the phone . helen get a rag and wipe up the water they spill walk in . warren jeannie , how you do ? uh-huh. oh , it go just fine . yeah , quite a big event . oh , I know ; do not give it another think . you have get bigger fish to fry . I know . we will see you out there pretty soon anyway . yeah . just a gold watch and some gag gift , you know . yeah , it 's pretty nice , I guess . the what ? oh , yeah , I do get it . the robe . yeah , that 's guite a item . from you and randall . I see . well , it 's go to come in handy . and tell randall thanks for I too . okay . bye now . int . schmidt bedroom / bathroom ~- night Warren unty he tie . helen be at work x i Warren continue to disrobe and put on he pajamas . helen do you thank randall ? warren I do . helen and what do he say ? warren well , I just tell jeannie . helen you do not thank he personally ? warren no . helen why not ? warren he do not get on the phone . - oe belen why not ? warren I do not know . he do not get on the phone . helen you should have ask for he . you should make more of a effort . he 's go to be you son- in - law , and you hardly know he . warren I know he well enough . helen I wish you would try to be more positive . she 's lucky to have he . warren ( resign ) yeah . okay . yeah . helen you should make a effort . they go about they business . helen ( cont 'd ) you know , my father do not think so much of you at first . int . bedroom - morning Warren awaken and look at the clock -- it 's exactly 7:00 am . he head to the bathroom . helen keep snoring . from outside the bathroom we hear he ablution -- toothbrush , urine , spit . finally he come out and stop , look at -- ext . desert - day a desert -- a endless ocean of sand . helen lie in bed some 100 meter away . the bedroom again -- Warren get he robe and head out of the bedroom . - int . live rook =- day Warren sit read the newspaper . honk -honk -honk from outside . window to see ~~ suddenly he hear a insistent he get up and look though the helen . in the front seat of a recreational vehicle , a brand - new bounder park in the driveway . she smile and gesture for he to come outside . ext . driveway - day still hold he newspaper , Warren wander out into the driveway . the vehicle be new and clean and still have the sticker . helen poke she head out the window . helen where to , mister ? look like you need a ride ! int . bounder - day Warren open the door and step up . helen be wait at the tiny dining table . she have prepare a big breakfast -- waffle , orange juice , egg . helen surprise ! Warren express no visible happiness . helen ( cont ’d ) I think it would be fun to have breakfast in here today -- you know , see what it will be like . warren on , fine . he climb inside awkwardly and squeeze in across from she . she pour coffee . helen be not this fun ? warren well , it kind of give we a rough idea . helen we be go to have a lot of good time in this thing , Warren . Warren do not feel like go anywhere , especially with she . warren yeah . helen Phyllis Cohen tell I about they trip to padre Island . we could drive down there , down to Texas . and I still really want to see the Pacific Northwest and Oregon . and then we could take that cruise to Alaska . warren now just hold you horse . we have get plenty of time to figure it out . helen hold out she dixie cup of orange juice for a toast . relen here 's to a whole new chapter . Warren nod , do he best to seem cheery . they tap they Dixie cup together . int . tv room - day Warren , remote in hand , sit in front of the tv. flip a daytime talk show . flip a Bob hope - Phyllis diller movie . flip close-up of starve wide - eye brown and black child , fly buzzing about they eye and mouth . a 800 number be display . voice -over — tavage by drought and famine . you will join the thousand of caring sponsor ... flip a exercise class — '' body by Jake . '' flip back to the starve child . a baby with a distend betly be weigh with negligible movement . from the scale 's needle . voice -over ( cont ’d ) ~ the only way possible : one child at atime . all it take be just 22 dollar a month -- 73 cent a day -- 73 '' a day now flash at the top of the screen . voice -over ( cont 'd ) -- when you become a World Children 's crusade sponsor . you will work the miracle of granting one needy , desperate child a future . you will give that child the opportunity every human be deserve -- the chance at live up to he or she full potential , the chance to live a life worth live . warren be rivete , move by this appeal . the tv again -- voice -over ( cont 'd ) soon you child will begin to hear a voice swell within he -- the voice of pride and self - esteem , the voice that tell he somewhere in the world he matter just enough that someone want to revive he spirit . closer on warren -- voice over ( cont 'd ) but only if you take action , only if you pick up the phone right now and call World crusade will one of this child have a chance at a meaningful life -- a life free from despair and hopelessness . 10 almost without know why , Warren pick up the phone . squint at the screen , he put the receiver to he ear . helen ( 0s ) warren ! warren just a minute ! helen ( os ) we be go to be late for supper . warren just a minute ! the tv again -- more starve child , look at we with they big , round , implore eye . int . new tower restaurant - wight a tray of food -- be carry across the dining room , resplendent with plate of prime rib , baked or mashed potato , choice of spaghetti or rice . the waitress arrive at a table where Warren and helen Schmidt and Ray and millie Nichols be seat . she flip open a belt tray - stand and begin serve . ray ( eyeing he meat ) saaaaay . helen ooh ! millie be not this nice ? ray they do a good job here . waitress we all set ? can I get you anything else -- steak sauce , extra sour cream .? ray I would say we be in pretty good shape . belen thank you . will the waitress leave they . millie be not she cute ? they all begin eat . Silent , the four of they consume they prime rib , stare vaguely . all light dim except for a light on warren , and the din of the restaurant subside . about to lift another bite to he lip , Warren stop , look at -- -- millie wiping mashed potato from both side of she + . _ knife onto she fork béf gre raise the fork to she mouth -- pea fall off a fork , bounce with loud dun -- extra '' au jus '' dousing prime rib . warren' eye dart from place to place . something in the SOUND imply Warren 's distort -- or very clear -- perception . -- helen 's greasy lip part every few chew . -- a knife cut through prime rib , a abrasive screech as the knife reach the plate . the burn - out bulb on the wagon - wheel chandelier . the waitress 's thick calve beneath thick support hose . ~- the clock . Warren drop he head , pinch the bridge of he nose . helen notice Warren 's distress and lean over to he . but we can not hear she dialogue , just the distant impression of someone speak . . warren no , I be , I be fine . just a little tired , I guess . he take another bite of prime rib . it taste like carrion . ow a , qu . ext . mutual of omaha - day Warren 's cadillac pull into a visitor parking space . int . mutual of omaha - day it 's a high floor , and Warren step off the elevator . he 's dress in suit and tie and look ready for work . he walk jauntily toward -- 12 int . gary nordine office - day Warren walk by the new secretary . secretary oh hi , Mr. Schmidt . warren how be you ? say , be Gary in ? secretary he 's right inside . Warren give a little knock and go into -- int . gary office -~ continuous Warren walk into a office that be completely rearrange . Gary be on the phone and give Warren a gesture of '' I will just be a sec . have a seat . '' _ Warren take a seat across from the desk that use to be he . he look at Gary 's little personal touch -- the family photograph , the motivational poster , the stress - reduce squeeze ball . Gary hang up the phone . gary ( extend he hand ) hey , there he be ! what do you say , partner ? warren pretty good , pretty good . how you get along ? gary not too shabby . warren I see you be all move in . gary oh yeah , oh yeah . so what bring you by this neck of the wood ? warren oh , I be just drive by and I think I would pop in and see what kind of trouble you be get into . 13 gary oh , you know , keep busy . keeping busy . warren and I guess I want to make sure you do not have any more question about we account . gary no , I think I have get a pretty good handle on thing . you do a super job of hand everything over . just super . smooth sailing all the way . 7 warren because I have be concerned that a few of that open item I walk you through might have slip through the crack , and it 's kind of be nag at I . gary nope . that just sit there a moment . gary ( cont ’d ) heck , a business degree from drake ought to be worth something . they laugh . gary ( cont ’d ) but if anything bubbles up to the surface , Warren , I will be sure to give you a holler . you can bet on that . ( check he watch ) oops . I have get to get to a meeting out west . you want to walk down with I ? warren okay . sure . eit . mutual of omaha back step - day before Gary and Warren walk down the step toward the executive parking lot , Warren hesitates . warren well , I will say good - bye right here . I be out front . 14 gary ( extend he hand ) Warren , it 's always a pleasure . warren likewise . ( wag a fatherly finger ) but you call I if you need anything . gary oh yeah . bave a good one . warren you bet . ad they shake hand and start in opposite direction . then -- gary say , Warren ? warren yeah ? gary come to think of it , there be something I have be meaning to ask you about . I can not believe I forget . warren ( elate ) sure , Gary . what be it ? gary be it just I , or do you have trouble open the left-hand drawer of the desk ? the key be super tight in there , and you have to jiggle it and twist it pretty hard to get it to work , and I keep think the key 's go to break right off . any pointer ? warren ( deflate ) you. you have to pull up on the top drawer while you be unlock it . that ought to do the trick . gary I will give it a try . thanks , Warren . Gary head for he car . be ext . mutual of omaha build - side alley - day Warren walk around the building on he way back to the front parking lot . he pass a row of dumpster . next to the last dumpster Warren notice -~- he carefully labele file box , now crumpled and soggy from a recent rain . thak ! thak ! a butcher knife separate a chicken leg from a thigh . we be in -- - int . schmidt kitchen - day Warren come in the backdoor . helen wear a apron . helen how would it go at the office ? warren oh fine . it 's a good thing I go . I be able to clear up some loose end and set he straight on a few thing .. helen that 's wonderful . int . home office ~- day sorting through the mail show the usual assortment of bill and ad and do you need you carpet steam - clean . but one -- thick yellow envelope bear the logo of world child 's crusade in the corner . there be a little sketch of two child , they hand extend in a gesture that suggest begging for a hug , or for money . Warren open the letter . insert -- letter dear Mr. Schmidt , you be about to change the world for little ngudu umbo . as you become a wcc sponsor , provide the start of a meaningful and productive life for ngudu . 16 Warren examine the material . there 's a pamphlet entitle , '' sponsor a child , '' and a separate sheet describe the child : sex m birthday unknown country tanzania and of course there 's a photo of ngudu : thin neck ; wide , mournful eye ; black skin ; puffy cheek ; close - cropped woolly hair . the check -- as Warren write '' twenty - two and 00/100 ----------. '' warren 's eye -- - as he re-read the material . we hear the check rip from the pad . the letter again -- the letter ( cont ’d ) please consider enclose a letter to ngudu . you may want to include some personal information about yourself . you nre not just share you money with you child -- you be share you love . he pick up pen , think about what to write , can not seem to come up with anything , look again at the word -- '' .. personal information about yourself . '' Warren look up , think , look down again at the blank piece of paper . he begin to write . warren ( vo ) dear ngudu , my name be Warren R. Schmidt , and I be you new foster father . I live in omaha , nebraska . my older brother Harry life in roanoke , Virginia with he wife estelle . Harry lose a leg two year ago to diabete . Warren pause -- what else to say ? warren ( vo cont ’d ) I recently retire as a division manager of the actuarial department at mutual of omaha insurance company -- you might have hear of it because of the old tv show . they might have even film some of it around where you live . anyway , as I say , I just retire . more 17 warren ( cont 'd ( he can not help himself ) - and goddammit if they do not replace I with some kid half my age who do not know the first thing about run a department . bring he out from Connecticut or some goddamn place . cocky little son-of-a-bitch . Warren suddenly catch himself , look at what he write . he scratch something out , continue write . warren ( vo cont 'd ) ~ son-of - a-gun . I be 66 year of ~..... .agé .. that_must sound pretty old to a_ young fellow like yourself . the truth be it sound pretty old to I too , and I still can not believe I be retire , can not believe it 's all behind I . where have the time go ? in the bathroom -- Warren straighten he tie in the mirror . be lean forward , squint . close on he crowsfeet warren ( vo cont ’d ) nowadays when I look in the mirror and see the wrinkle around my eye — close on he chicken neck warren ( vo cont ’d ) ~and the skin on my neck beginning to sag . warren 's pillow , the indentation of he head . warren ( vo cont ’d ) ~and the hair on my pillow . close on warren 's foot trace by blue line like a road map , as he pause while pull on a sock . warren ( vo cont 'd ) ~ and the vein on my ankle , I just can not believe it 's I . 18 insert -- photo of Warren 's graduation from high school and college . in a group shot of '' future Business leader of America , '' young Warren hold up one side of the banner . warren ( vo cont ’d ) when I be a kid I use to think that maybe I be special , that somehow destiny have tapped I to be a great man -- not like churchill or Walt Disney or somebody like that . but somebody , you know , at least semi-important . a quick tilt down stock market price in the newspaper stop on '' schmidt intl . '' warren ( vo cont 'd ) I be go to start my own business , build it up into a big corporation , watch it go public , you know , maybe make fortune 500 . the cover of forbe show Warren on the cover , arm cross , smile the confident smile of a powerful industrialist . warren ( vo cont 'd ) I be go to be one of that guy you read about . the magazine fade away , and Warren 's arm unfold , he smile vanish , he shoulder drop , he turn he back and walk away , get smaller and smaller . warren ( vo cont ‘d ) instead I take a job at mutual and I just stick with it . I never make my move , never break out on my own , as much as I want to . I think I be do the right thing — support my family and move up in a fine company - but along the way all the dream I have as a young man just fade away . close on the letter as Warren write the next sentence , he voice cracking . warren ( vo contd ) somehow I convinced myself that my dream be just any young man 's foolish dream . a tear smear the word '' dream , '' and another fall too . 19 the memento that decorate he study : -- a photograph of a group of man who complete a management training seminar . -- a certificate of recognition of 25 year of service from mutual . -- a photograph of Warren shaking hand with spiro agnew . -- the watch display in the velvet case . back in he home office ° Warren sit at he desk , momentarily paralyze . he pick up he pen to continue . a desktop photo of helen and young jeannie -- warren ( vo cont ’d ) but what about my wife and daughter ? what about my family ? do not they give my life meaning ? int . schmidt bedroom - night close on helen asleep . her mouth hang slack , and she snore loudly . Warren lie wide awake , look at she as though at a complete stranger . warren ( vo cont 'd ) my wife 's name be helen , formerly helen meyer of sloan , Iowa . we have be marry forty - two year . lately , every night , I ask myself the same question . who be this old woman who life in my house ? a pan — from helen 's face to Warren and helen 's wedding photo , zooming in on helen 's young face . warren ( vo cont ’d ) be she really the same woman I married ? ext . mall parking lot - day Warren carry bag as he and helen walk to the car . helen remove the key from she purse and clutches they . 20 warren ( vo cont 'd ) why be it that every little thing she do irritate I ? like the way she get the key out of she purse long before we reach the car . Warren look ahead into the distance of the vast parking lot . a superimpose arrow move up and down point to they car far away int . grocery store - day Warren watch helen stare obsessively at the item pass the price scanner , check they against the register ' 's price display . no discrepancy shall pass . warren ( vo cont ’d ) and the way she watch the checkout clerk at the grocery store . int . tv room - day '' warren watch tv . helen bustles in excitedly hold a newspaper , she finger on a full - page ad for a new corporate seafood restaurant . warren ( vo cont ’d ) and she obsession with try new restaurant . int . live room - day Warren and helen entertain two other couple . warren ( vo cont 'd ) and the way she cut I off sometimes when I try to speak . helen ~and the next thing you know , Warren and I be stand there wait for the hostess to acknowledge we , you know , to even look at we , and she go ahead and seat the people who come in after we — Warren try to clarify . warren well , the thing be that -- 21 belen - which normally I would not mind , you know , but we have be stand there for at least . int . bedroom / bathroom - day helen come out of the bathroom wield a enema bag and tube . warren ( vo ) and the way she . Warren 's reverie be interrupt by a shrill voice . helen ( 0s ) Warren ! - int . home office - day Warren look up startle . warren ( meek ) yes ? belen be at the door . helen lunch . he discretely cover the letter . as helen walk away he notice -- her shoe -- . the way they nre wear down and the loud flip -flop they produce . int . kitchen - day Warren and belen sit at the kitchen table eat tomato soup . maybe helen slurp a little too loudly . not a word pass between they . finally -- helen it 's low salt . warren not bad . int . home office - day Warren enter and eagerly get back to work . 22 helen' butt hit a chair warren ( vo ) and I hate the way she sit . helen 's armpit -- a odd shot . warren ( vo cont 'd ) and the way she smell . int . bathroom - day through a crack door we see Warren on the toilet . his pants be around he ankle , and we hear a muffle tinkle . warren ( vo cont ’d ) for year now she have insisted that I sit when I urinate . my promise to lift the seat and wipe the rim and put the seat back down be not good enough for she . no. int . home office - day Warren take a deep breath , compose himself . a n a write again , glance up at -- a peroto . of a much young Warren smile with he little daughter . warren ( vo cont ’d ) ( he tone soften ) but then there 's jeannie . she 's we only . I bet she have like you -- she get a big kick out of different language and culture and so forth . she use to get by pretty good in german . int . jeannie' room -- flashback warren 's Pov -- . jeannie 's door magically open , and 6 - year - old jeannie look up from she toy and run toward we . jeannie daddy ! warren ( vo ) she 's my little girl . 23 int . ice skating rink -- flashback angle from the stand -- many little girl be take skate lesson . warren ( vo cont ’d ) she life out in Denver so I do not see she much anymore . oh sure , we stay in touch by phone every couple week and she try to come out for the holiday , but not as often as we would like . Little jeannie look up at we and wave . jeannie daddy , look ! we wave back . int . bathtub -- flashback very little jeannie be naked in the tub play with toy , laugh , perhaps splashing we . warren ( vo ) she have a position of some responsibility out there with a high - tech computer outfit , so it 's very hard for she to break away . ext . '' waterbed and more '' — denver - day a bland suburban waterbed store . oh , look — they be have a sale . warren ( vo cont ’d ) recently she get engage to a fellow name randall hertzel , so I suppose we will be see even less of she now . randall hertzell come walk out of the store . he be lean and tall and wear a mustache and pony-tail . he wave at we and come walk over . 24 warren ( vo cont ‘'d ) we go out there last year to meet he . he work in a waterbed store or something . personally I do not feel he 's quite up to snuff for we jeannie , but I suppose she 's no spring chicken anymore . but I still think she could have do a heck of a lot better . int . grade school auditorium -- flashback Sixth -grade jeannie play violin in a orchestra recital . -- we move closer to she . we linger on young jeannie , very concentrate , alternately bow and count she rest . warren ( vo cont ”d ) ( wistful ) jeannie . int . home office -- wow Warren draw a long breath , near tear , look back down and write again . warren ( vo cont ’d ) well , look at the time . I have be rambling on and on , and I be sure you have nad enough of this belly -ach . you probably want to hurry on down and cash that check , get yourself something to eat . so take it easy , and best of luck with all you endeavor . your very truly , Warren Schmidt . he paper clip the check to the letter , which be by now several page long . he have trouble fold it . int . live room - day now in he overcoat , Warren walk past the kitchen , where helen be bent over , brandish a dustbuster . warren I be go out to mail a letter . you need anything ? helen no. 25 he head toward the door . helen ( cont D ) do not dilly - dally . ext . post office - day Warren park he cadillac and trot inside , bear the seal record of he unburdene soul . int . cadillac - day driving he car , Warren catch sight of something allure out of the corner of he eye . ext . dairy queen - Pov - day it beckon . int . dairy queen - day it 's Warren 's turn . warren um , I will have a Blizzard with vanilla ice cream and uh . young female worker what would you like in it ? warren let 's see . I '1 ] have some , uh , reese 's piece and some cookie dough . yeah , cookie dough . ext . dairy queen ~- day Warren sit alone at a picnic table eat he Blizzard on this overcast day . at the other picnic table sit a rather large young woman and she young son . like Warren they enjoy they dairy Queen treat in silence . ext . schmidt house - day Warren 's cadillac turn into he driveway . 26 int . schmidt house - day Warren come in the back door , hang he overcoat on a hook . be helen still vacuume ? sound like it . he glance in the kitchen and see -- helen lying on the floor in a improbable position . she 's not move now , but it 's clear that not long ago she be try to drag a telephone toward she . the sight sink in for a moment , then Warren rush to she , kneel down and roll she on she back . warren . helen ! helen ! what 's wrong ? no response . warren ( cont ’d ) helen. oh god. helen ! ( panic , shaking she ) helen ! Warren awkwardly embrace she . the dustbuster continue to whir , suck at nothing . note : during the follow sequence , Warren remain in the same place in frame while the background change around he . the effect be one of a swirl out - of - body experience . int . schmidt kitchen Warren watch while paramedics carry out a stretcher . int . mortuary Warren walk through a coffin showroom . int . funeral home Warren sit across the desk from a mortician and write a check . int . church office Warren talk with a priest , arrange for service . 27 imt . airport gate area Warren 's daughter jeannie and she fiancée randall hertzel walk off the jetway . jeannie embrace Warren tightly . int . funeral hohe chapel Warren accept warm wish from friend at the wake . int . church Warren sit in the front pew next to jeannie . - ext. cemetery - day Warren be seat under a graveside canopy at this burial plot close to the interstate . the priest be talk , though we hear he only faintly . the swirl sequence end . Warren look over at -- the mound of earth cover with a tarp . and at -- tre coffin hover over a pit . and at -- the cloud on this gloomy day . and at -- he daughter jeannie seat next to he . next to she sit randall . int . schmidt home - day a post ~ - funeral reception be wind down -- there be glass and plate everywhere . people be filing out . jeannie and randall be beginning to clear dish and put chair back in place . Warren say he good - by to the last three guest -- Warren 's best friend Ray Nichols and a couple of old friend , GEORGE and joanne . dear old Ray be quite break up and have trouble fight tear . ray I can not believe it , Warren . I still can not believe it_ warren ~ I know , Ray . I know . 28 ray she just . she be too young .. she be just so . warren I know . thank you , Ray . you be a good friend . they shake hand firmly and reach around for a brief manly hug . ray you take care of yourself , Warren . warren iwill , Ray . you too . we will see you real soon . thanks for everything . Ray leave , shaking he head , lose in grief . joanne we be go to say goodbye too , Warren . you know how sorry we be . we be go to miss helen so much . warren yeah . GEORGE she be a great gal , just the sweetest , warmest , most wonderful — if you need anything -- anything at all -- you give we a call . okay ? warren yeah . GEORGE ( emphatically ) okay ? warren yeah . Warren close the door on they . he turn to he daughter . warren Nice of everybody to bring all this food . all this cold cut . go to have a lot of leftover . Warren survey the food , get momentarily lose in think . close on -- yellow ceeese cube . 29 close on -- fold slice of roast beef with a cherry tomato in the center . close on -- a plate of rice krispie bar . close on -- warren . warren ( cont ’d ) yep . jeannie approach she father and throw she arm around he neck . jeannie - oh , dad . warren I know , jeannie . I know . they hug each other tightly . jeannie cry softly , and Warren stroke she hair . randall quietly observe this intimate moment , move by such a deep connection between father and daughter . unable to contain he love , randall step forward and rub jeannie 's back . he then extend a comforting hand onto Warren 's back too . randall she be a very special lady . Warren open he eye and look at randall 's face inch away . randall ( cont ’d ) I for one be really go to miss she . I miss she already . I know we all do . Warren now break the embrace with jeannie , a embrace completely sullied by this interloper . randall pick up a almost empty bottle of white wine and pour it into three plastic cup . randall ( cont ’‘d ) let 's drink to she . he hand a cup to jeannie and another to Warren , who accept it reluctantly . randall ( cont ’d ) here 's to belen . they break the mold . they break the mold . ( gaze heavenward ) helen , we love you and we miss you . and we always will . here 's to you . randall downs he wine in one gulp . jeannie sip hers . just put he glass back down on the table . int . warren be den - niget weary from the day , Warren seek a moment of solitude . he desk , leaf absently through the funeral program . randall appear in the open doorway . randall ( very concerned ) how you do ? you do okay ? warren I be fine . randall sure ? warren yeah . you ought to get to bed . randall we be on we way . I just think I would check up on you . must be really tough . I remember when my aunt die . it be so unreal . it be the fourth of July . I x11 never forget it . 30 Warren he'sits at randall reflect momentarily on the cruel fleeting nature of life . then -- randal ( cont ’d ) so listen , Warren , I know now 's definitely not the time to talk about it , but before we leave if you want to take a few minute and get you mind off all this . craziness , there 's something real important I want to talk to you about . warren what 's that ? 31 randall it 's a investment opportunity that I do not think you 'il want to pass up . and I want to give you first crack at it . warren oh ? randall and it 's not a pyramid scheme . a lot of people think it 's a pyramid scheme , but it 's not . it 's a sure fire way to double you money , maybe '' even triple it without any risk at ( ~~ 5 all . I have look into it and . the be thing be , Warren , you know , I be not qu — go to be sell waterbed ° forever . I get plan . we have never have much chance to talk about it , you and I , but I get a pretty good business head on I , and , you know , I be go to a lot of seminar lately and I really -- warren can we. can we talk about this tomorrow ? randall oh yeah . right. absolutely . that 's what I be say . whenever you be ready . warren goodnight , randall . randall _ goodnight , Warren . you hang in there . int . bedroom - night Warren be in bed but he can not sleep . he roll on he side and stare at the void beside he . he reach out one hand and touch the empty pillow . his finger discover a stray gray hair . later -- warren 's hand turn he alarm clock around . it 's 3:26 am . 32 int . hallway - hight Warren pad out of the bedroom and in the darkness make he way to the stairway . int . kitchen - night Warren sit at the kitchen table drink a glass of milk . int . tv room - day Warren wake up on the sofa . he look around , daze . how do I end up here ? suddenly he attention be draw to the '' distant whir of helen 's dustbuster . uneasy , Warren rise and follow the sound . int . kitchen - day Warren push open a swinging door to reveal -- randall on he hand and knee dress in sweat , clean up spill coffee grounds . warren turn that off . randall turn around , startle . randall buh ? warren I say turn it off ! frightened by Warren 's outburst , randall fumble for the switch . randall sorry . I be sorry , I just — warren ( compose himself ) use a broom . ( point ) in the little closet over there . Warren exit back through the swinging door . 33 ext . upstair hallway - day Warren shuffles along in he pajamas , the camera trail behind . he pause briefly to look into jeannie 's room , then continue on and stop in front of the open doorway to -- int . warren and helen 's bedroom - day over warren' shoulder -- jeannie stand in front of she mother 's dresser , look forlornly through the perfume bottle , jewelry box and frame photo . Warren observe she for_a moment . then -- the warren there you be . jeannie oh , hi dad . warren ( enter the room ) why do not you take some of that thing ? take whatever you want . jeannie hold up a string of pearl . jeannie maybe just this for now . warren for God 's sake , take more than that . I be go to have to go through she thing pretty soon and , you know , donate it all or whatever so . jeannie I wish I could stay and help you with all this , dad , but — warren no , I know . I know . jeannie ~ I have already use up all my personal day this year , not even count the honeymoon , and randall 's get to get back to the store , and all the wedding plan . warren yeah . the wedding . 34 jeannie ( hold back tear ) I can not believe she 's not go to be there . she 's not go to see my wedding . Warren put he arm around she and squeeze she tight . we can tell they be unaccustom to such closeness . warren ( affectionate ) you know what 's flash through my mind right now ? jeannie what 's that ? warren oh , just when you be little and we all use to go to elmwood Park , and you would swing and ride that thing that go around and try to catch butterfly by the creek . jeannie yeah . warren and when I use to take you to ice skate class at ak -sar-ben . jeannie no . that be Mom . Mom always take I to ice skate . warren you sure ? because I distinctly remember take you to ice skate . jeannie I do not think so . maybe once . warren I be pretty sure it be more than once . well , anyway , that be a nice memory . jeannie yeah . 35 int . kitchen — day Warren be sit at the kitchen table await the sandwich that jeannie be prepare for he . jeannie mayonnaise or mustard ? warren I like both . jeannie okay . the and do not toast the bread too much . I do not like my bread very toast . jeannie ( with a sigh ) get it . warren and I 'il have some of that barbecue potato chip . not the plain one . that be you mother 's . the barbecue one be mine . in fact , you and randall can take that plain one . they will just go to waste here . I will not eat they . jeannie Fine . warren it 's so good to see you . I sure wish you do not have to get back so soon . can not you stay a few more day ? I feel like we really have not have a chance to , you know , catch up . jeannie I know . warren could not you just talk to they at work ? they would understand . ( a feeble joke ) heck , who 's go to take care of I ? jeannie bring over a plate of food and a glass of milk . jeannie here 's you sandwich . 36 warren oh , wonderful . just wonderful . jeannie you know , dad , you be go to have to get use to take care of yourself now . warren ( mid-chew ) yeah . jeannie you be not go to have somebody run you errand for you , pick up you clothes , do the grocery shopping . you might need to hire a may or something . warren a may ? oh , no , no . I can take care of thing . I do not need that extra expense . jeannie do not be so stingy . I be go to be worried about you , and — warren . well , that 's why I be ask you to stay longer and sort of help I out for a few day . jeannie dad , I have my own life ! I mean , it 's nice you want I to stay , but leave it alone now . warren ( cow ) okay . I know . jeannie and even if I could get more time off , what be I suppose to do about the wedding ? that 's like a full - time job all its own . warren now that you mention it , I have be think about that , and I be wonder if maybe you should consider postpone it . 37 jeannie postpone the wedding ? be you crazy ? we can not do that . it 's all set . even if we want to , we would have to wait god-know - how - many month for the church again , and we would lose all we deposit and everything . warren actually , I make a couple call , and if we make a decision this week , we would only forfeit half the deposit on the Church and the reception hall . I be just say - you might want to take '- this opportunity to , you know , rethink thing . jeannie but everyone 's invite and rsvp no and everything . warren they would understand . I mean , out of respect for you mother . jeannie Mom would not want we to change anything . I know it . warren ( shifting gear ) well , the thing be , jeannie , you mother and I .. we talk a number of time very seriously about you and randall and_ jeannie what do she say ? warren just that . that she love you and she want you to be happy . and that maybe randall be not quite . well , we both just want to make sure you be not go to have any regret . I just think you might want to keep you option open , that 's all . jeannie can not really comprehend what Warren be say . 38 jeannie but she help we pick the date and everything . and I be on the phone with she almost every day plan it . no , I do not think she have want we to change it . warren all right . okay . have it you way . you know best . you and you mother . they sit in silence a moment . Warren continue to eat . jeannie sip she beer . warren ( cont ‘d ) - good sandwich . jeannie ( abruptly ) why do you get such a cheap casket ? warren what ? jeannie I could tell you get the cheapest casket . everybody could . warren ( swallow first ) now that be not true . that be not true . I specifically do not choose , as you say , the cheapest casket . there be one less expensive which they show I and I refuse . jeannie you mean . a pine box ? warren I do not remember what it be . jeannie so you get the second cheapest casket . warren if you must put it that way . look , I know you be upset , but I do not think it 's right for you to focus on one little thing and take it out on I . 39 + jeannie ~ 7 she never get anything she want . you never buy she anything . ' '' veber - — _ — warren hey , hey , hey . what be you talk about now ? what be you say ? what about the bounder ? what do you call that ? that 's a expensive vehicle sit out there . I do not want to buy that . that be completely you mother 's idea . jeannie she tell I she have to pay for half of it . she have to sell she stock to pay for it or something . warren that be she decision . I be willing to go as far as the Elite , but no , she have to have the Imperial . she want the whole she-bang . what be I suppose to do ? tell she she could not ? it be she money . you can not call I to task on that one . now the front door open and slam , and a voice call from the live room -- randall ( os ) jeannie ? jeannie ? jeannie in here , randall . randall ( os ) where ? jeannie in here ! in here ! randall open the door . randall oh , hey . there you be . thirty minute warning . you better get pack . jeannie here I come . jeannie head out the door . randall watch she go , then turn to Warren . randall look like you two be have a little heart - to-heart . int . / ext . cadillac — day Warren be drive the kid to the airport . jeannie sit beside he look out the window . randall be in the back seat . Warren shoot furtive glance at he daughter . then — randall hey , be that blockbuster here last time ? I do not remember that * blockbuster . warren no , that 's new . randall buh . int . eppley airfield terminal - day randall , jeannie and Warren step off the escalator and head toward the gate . jeannie and randall carry they hand -luggage . with jeannie a few step ahead , randall suddenly remember something . randall oh . hey . I just think of something . do you ever read '' when bad thing Happen to good people ? '' warren no . randall it 's really amazing . it really help I out when my aunt die . you should read it . when jeannie and I get back to Denver , I be go to send you my copy . the workbook too . I do most of the exercise , but you can just write next to my answer or something . warren thank you , randall . that have be great . 41 int . UNITED express gate area - day the flight be board . randall and Warren shake hand . warren so long , randall . randall you will be in we prayer . and I be go to e-mail you about that investment thing , okay ? warren oh , yes . thank you . Warren turn to he daughter . warren ( cont 'd ) okay , jeannie . Father and daughter embrace . jeannie ( in he ear ) you take care of yourself , dad . I ' 11 see you in a few week . Warren be overcome with many different emotion and fight to maintain he composure . after a moment , jeannie release she arm but Warren hold on , unable to let go , he eye still close . flash ! randall take a snapshot to capture the moment . the camera begin its noisy auto rewind -- the end of the roll . randall . that be a good one . that 's go to be a really great shot . Warren and jeannie release they embrace . while she gather she carry - on baggage , Warren watch she , on the verge of tear . randall ( cont 'd ) yeah , I get the plane in the background . very cool . jeannie ( to Warren ) bye , dad . warren so long , jeannie . 42 jeannie so we will see you in a few week . it all be great . warren okay . randall bye , Warren . jeannie and randall head toward the jetway . randall ( cont ’d ) you take care of yourself . Warren watch they present they boarding pass to the stewardess . randall go first through the door . jeannie give she father a final little wave , then proceed around the corner . hold on the empty frame . warren turn he gaze and walk heavily away . warren ( vo ) dear ngudu , I hope you be sit down , because I be afraid I have get some bad news . ext . eppley airfield parking structure - day Warren trudge back to he car . warren ( vo cont 'd ) since I last write to you , my wife helen -- you foster mother -- pass away unexpectedly of a aneurysm . int . cadillac - day Warren sit in he seat , draw the lapbelt around he , put he key into the ignition . warren ( vo cont 'd ) the service be lovely and very well attend . jeannie come in from Denver with she friend , and folk drive up from as far away as Des Moines and wichita . it be a very move tribute , anyway you look at it . I wish you could have be there . 43 Warren turn the key in he ignition and be reward only with the grinding SOUND of a bad starter . his anguish and frustration rise to the surface , he try again , but this time he keep the key engage , force the starter to eat itself alive . ext . parking lot - day a tow truck be back into position , prepare to haul Warren 's car away . Warren stand nearby . ext . schmidt home - dusk - Warren be drop off by a taxi . warren ( vo contd ) but now that all the excitement be over , and the smoke have clear . int . schmidt home - dusk Warren close the front door and turn to face the vast emptiness and silence of he home . warren ( vo cont ’d ) . ~ it 's just I and my thought knock around in this big old house . he wander into the -- int . kitchen - continuous -- and absently open the refrigerator . it 's full of leave -over from the funeral reception . warren ( vo contd ) funny thing be , that 's the way it be way back when , before I have a wife , before I have a career . before I have a daughter . Warren dig out a slice of american cheese and begin unwrap i int . tv room - night we move closer to warren sit next to a lamp , drink a scotch on the rock . there 's husker game on tv , but he 's not really watch . 44 warren ( vo contd ) I believe I mention in my previous letter that I be a manager in the actuarial department at mutual of omaha . if I be give a man 's age , profession , place of residence , marital status and medical history , I can calculate with great probability how long that man will live . in my case , now that my wife have die , there be a eighty five percent chance that I will die within eleven year , provide I do not re-marry . marlin Perkins himself die only two '. year after he wife pass on . he lean he head onto the chair back and rest he eye , he mouth drop open . warren ( vo cont 'd ) all I know be I have get to make the best of whatever time I have leave . dissolve to : int . tv room - day Warren 's face be in the same position on the chair , but now he sport dark circle under he eye and a five - day grey beard . he awaken . as he get up , we sense that he have not change out of he pajamas in day . warren ( vo contd ) I do not want to kid you -- adjust to life without helen have be quite a challenge . int . kitchen - day dish be pile up , the garbage overflow . fly buzz . warren ( vo cont ’d ) but I think you have be proud of I . yep , this house be under new management , but you have never know the difference . he open the refrigerator but see nothing of interest . in fact there 's almost nothing in there . 45 warren ( vo cont 'd ) helen would not want I sit around , wallowing in self - pity , no - siree - bob . why , she have tell I to shape up or ship out ! he open a cupboard and find only a stale package of taco shell . Warren fish one out of the box and take a bite . ext . driveway - day now attire rather haphazardly -- perhaps he shirt be misbuttone -- Warren climb into the bounder and start it up . warren ( vo contd ) so I try to get out as much as I can , you know , try to stay active , stick to my routine . that 's very important in the face of big life change . ext . baker' supermarket - day the bounder arrive , Captain Warren at the helm . it consume two parking space int . baker' supermarket - day in the frozen food aisle -- Warren stock up on freeze egg roll , tater tot , mini pizza roll , hungry man dinners and carton and carton of ice cream . warren ( vo contd ) oh sure , I be not quite the cook helen be , but I remember a trick or two from my bachelor day . at the meat section -- Warren select a tray of EIGHT pork chop . a woman shopping close to Warren get a good whiff of he stench and quickly move away . ext . baker' supermarket - day Warren have just finish load the last of a dozen grocery bag onto the floor of the bounder . 46 warren ( vo cont 'd ) it 's a lot of work keep a household together . I suppose eventually I ’11l sell the place and move to a little condo -- you know , less upkeep and so forth -- but for now I be get by just fine . suddenly he be seize with a mild discomfort , realize he forget something . warren damn . he slam the bounder door and head back toward the store . int . baker' supermarket ~ day from a shelf -- Warren select the large tube of preparation H. in the liquor aisle -- Warren be simply head toward the checkout counter , but pass all that invite row of alcohol , he pick up a bottle of cutty sark . approaching the checkout counter -- Warren see that even the express lane be jammed . at first defeat , he get a idea . be anyone look ? Warren furtively conceal the ointment and the bottle on he '' person and nonchalantly saunter toward the exit . ext . baker 's supermarket - day five step out of the store , Warren be approach by a plain clothes security guard and a bag boy . guard sir. Sir ! Warren 's eye go wide , and he speed up , pretend not to hear . guard ( contd ) rey , I be talk to you ! Warren freeze , let the cutty sark slip . it smashes on the pavement . 47 int . baker' security office - day Warren sit uncomfortably on a metal folding chair , he head in he hand . on a small table in front of he be the tube of preparation H. the guard and the store manager watch he . the store manager shake he head -- it take all kind . Warren look in he wallet , pull out he baker 's card . warren I have get one of this . be shopping here for year . can not you let it go +. just this once ? — I all pay - you ---- whatever you want . manager . you should have think about that before you leave the store . two burly omaha policemen come through the door . policeman # 1 this the guy ? int . omaha police department - night through iron bar -- Warren be in a hold cell , sit on a bench across froma wino . officer ( os ) okay , hemorrhoid . let 's go . gather what shred of dignity leave he , Warren rise . warren the name be Schmidt . Warren Schmidt . ext . baker 's parking lot - night no car remain in this section of the parking lot , none except the bounder . a police cruiser roll up and let Warren out . warren appreciate the ride , officer . policeman # 2 you stay out of trouble now . int . 48 bounder - wight Warren open the door and climb in . he dive into he bag like a hyena , and he hand get cover in milky goo . he hold up the source -~ a carton of melted ice cream . now he unearth a box of tater tot and open it , ravenously stuff the thaw little puff into he mouth . int . warren ( vo ) oh sure , sometimes I can be a tad forgetful and miss a meal or two , but I guess that 's hardly worth mention to someone in you - situation . schmidt bathroom - wight Warren lie asleep in he batetub , a newspaper dangle from he hand , he mouth slack . he startles awake , look around , be completely disorient . he rise from the tub , see no towel , and begin to blot himself with the newspaper . int . warren ( vo contd ) it occur to I that in my last letter I might have misspoken and use some negative language in reference to my late wife . but you have to understand that I be under a lot of pressure follow my retirement . kitchen - night Warren sit at the kitchen table shuffle through some photo . he smile sadly from time to time . int . warren ( vo cont 'd ) I be not go to lie to you , ngudu . I miss she . I miss my helen . it 's be a rough few week , and I nve be pretty , you know , break up from time to time . bedroom - day helen 's closet -- Warren approach it as though it be a holy shrine . he open it . 49 inside the closet -- he 's touch she dress one by one , smell they , remember the time she wear they . . warren ( vo cont ’d ) helen dedicated she life to I and to raise we family . I guess I just do not know how lucky I be to have a wife like helen until she be go . minute later -- Warren be sit on the floor open all of helen 's shoeboxe . her little foot , she little shoe . . warren ( vo cont ’d ) ( he voice quavering ) remember that , young man -- you have get to appreciate what you have while you still have it . helen . I just can not believe she 's go . I be sorry , ngudu . I have get to go now . hope all 's well . warm regards , Warren Schmidt he open one more box but instead of find shoe , he discover a slim bundle of letter bound by a purple ribbon . letter ? I never write she any letter . int . home office - day at he desk , Warren be read from the letter . with every word he deflate a little more , he face sagging , he eye clouding over . from above -- Warren drop he head in he hand , the letter laid out before he like leave tear from a book of break dream . ext . dean 's barber parking lot - day through the windshield of the bounder -- Warren watch the outside of the shop . someone emerge . it 's ray nichol -- stride toward he Chrysler . Warren jump out of the bounder and head toward Ray . ray Jesus , Warren ! you scared I . what be you do here ? 50 Warren do not respond . ray ( cont ’d ) you look terrible . what 's the matter ? warren ineffectually hurl the wad of letter at Ray , and they flutter off in all direction . warren I think you would want this back . Ray capture one of the letter against he chest and examine it . as it all sink in -- a ray oh , God , Warren . oh , Jesus . Warren just stare at he , fume . ray ( cont ’d ) that be so long ago , Warren . must be twenty - five , thirty year . i. oh , Jesus . I never think . she keep this ? ( slightly proud ) I can not believe she keep this . Warren rush Ray and strike he with open palm like a ridiculous windmill . Ray do he best to block Warren 's blow . ray ( cont ’d ) Jesus , Warren . stop it . stop hit I . let 's talk about this . Ray manage to put a car between he and Warren . warren you be my friend . there 's nothing else to be do . Warren head back to the bounder . ray ( call after he ) it be all just a stupid mistake , Warren . you be out in Frisco , and thing start up and get a little out of hand , that 's all . I be sorry . warren ( as he get in the bounder ) it 's over . it 's all over . it 's all over . $ 1 ray Warren vrrrm ! vrrrm ! vrrrrrrrrrrm ! Warren revs the bounder and with a screech pull violently out of the parking lot , knock over a garbage can on the way . int . schmidt bedroom - day Warren lug huge armload of clothing out of helen 's closet and dump they into cardboard box . int . bathroom - day Warren empty drawer and cabinet of makeup and toiletries into a box . ext . hi - vee supermarket parking lot - day the bounder pull to a stop in front of a salvation army donation station . the bounder 's side door swing open , and out come BOX after BOX of helen 's belonging . some of the box burst or tip over , spilling they content . ext . schmidt home - day Warren pull the bounder into the driveway and walk toward he house . : mrs . brush be water she lawn next door . mrs . brush how be you get along , Warren ? warren oh , fine , just fine . how be you ? mrs . brush we be fine , but we sure miss helen . I do not have anyone to give my sunset magazine to anymore . warren oh yeah . she like that . well , nice to see you there , Mary . give my best to julius . 52 mrs . bruse will do . we will see ya . int . schmidt home - day still smile from he neighborly exchange , Warren walk through the live room and out of sight down the hall . camera hold on the sight of the empty hall . then -- loud , wailing sob waft toward we from the distance . int . bathroom - day a tidy place with lace curtain and pattern wallpaper . Little wrap seashell soap and a stack of design napkin sit on the sink basin . still sniffle , Warren enter , lower he trousers , and begin to sit . he catch himself and stand . he reach to lift the seat but on second think leave it down . '' close on warren as he stream commence . he get a idea -- he raise first one hand , then the other . the sound of the stream shift randomly from water - on- water to water - on-plastic to water - on-rug . now Warren begin to turn completely around -- slowly complete one full circle , then another , finally pick up the pace and spinning like a top , anoint the entire bathroom . int . bedroom — night Warren be in the midst of a troubled , fitful sleep . we move closer to he , and just as we be upon he he open he eye . he have have a revelation . warren jeannie . jeannie . he rise . whoomp ! a suitcase hit the bed and be open wide . Warren open he closet , begin to remove clothes and place they on the bed . the suitcase again -- as Warren struggle to zip it shut . 53 ext . interstate - night the bounder zoom past a sign '' now leave omaha . '' int . bounder - night Warren drive , determine , obsessed . ext . gas station — day a weary and dishevel Warren be at a payphone . ~ cheery woman 's voice ( on phone ) ( a recording ) you have reach Moon Dog electronics . if you know you party 's extension -- beep - beep -beep -- Warren press three digit and be transfer to -- jeannie ( on phone ) ship and receive , this be jeannie . warren jeannie , it 's dad . how be you ? jeannie ( on phone ) totally swamp . what 's up ? everything okay ? warren everything 's great . I have a big surprise for you . guess what . jeannie ( on prone ) where be you call from ? you sound weird . warren that 's what I want to tell you about . I ’mon the road . I be on my way out to see you . right now I be just outside Grand Island . jeannie ( on phone ) what be you talk about ? 54 warren it 's just that I have be think about thing , and I have realize that I have not be the great father to you and , well , you be about all I have get leave , jeannie . and I want to make it up to you . so I have decide to come out to Denver and help coordinate all the wedding arrangement , take the burden off of you . that 's the least I can do . jeannie ( on phone ) you mean you be come now ? ad warren ( proud ) if I drive straight through I will be there in time for supper . jeannie ( on phone ) ( finally ) um . I do not think so , dad . that 's not such a good idea . warren why not ? I have just be sit in omaha twiddle my thumb . I should be out there help you . I mean , what the hell . jeannie ( on phone ) the thing be , dad , we do not need you help right now . roberta and I ~-- and Becky -- pretty much have everything under control . roberta 's be amazing , by the way . really amazing . warren besides , it will give we a chance to spend some quality time together and have some good talk , you know , before . before I lose you forever . jeannie ( on phone ) dad , you be not listen . it 's not a good time for you to come . it 's just not . ( shouting at a co-worker ) no , use the bubble - wrap on that one . it 's too big . yeah . more 55 jeannie ( on phone cont 'd ) ( to Warren again ) I be sorry , dad , but I do not know any other way to say it . frankly at this point , you would just be in the way . warren ( deflate ) but I be all pack and on my way in the bounder . I could just sleep in there . I would not be in the way at all . by the way , she 's really handle great on the open road . smooth as silk . jeannie ( on phone ) I just think it 's better . if we stick to the plan , and you get here the Friday before the wedding like we say . you should just turn around and go home . I mean , it 's a sweet offer , but like I say , we get too much go on around here . warren ( wounded pride ) but I assume you will not object to I send any more of that check . jeannie ( on phone ) Jesus , dad . I do not have time for this . moment later — Warren trudge back to the bounder . close on the gas pump as the total pass $ 41.00 with no end in sight . wide -- Warren be fill the seemingly bottomless tank of the bounder . it 's as though he be try to fill he empty soul . a pot-belly farmer wander by . farmer that a bounder ? warren yep . farmer think so . where you head ? 56 Warren be catch off-guard . that 's a very good question . warren um . let 's see . well. out to Denver . farmer Denver , huh ? warren my daughter 's get marry . farmer say ! congratulation . warren but I have get a few day to kill on the way , so I suppose I be go to take my time about it . see some sight . farmer good for you . you go to see Pioneer Village ? warren that 's a good idea . now that you mention it , my wife and I must have drive by it a dozen time , but she never want to stop . farmer oh , she do not , do she ? close on warren warren now I be go to stop . the gas gauge again -- it stop on $ 62.37 . ext . i- 80 - central nebraska - day Warren 's rv make its way across this flat , sprawling agricultural landscape . the composition of the shot and the music reinforce Warren 's sense of loneliness and alienation . int . bounder — day Warren drive , a sad , anxious expression on he face . suddenly — warren ( mock jeannie ) '' at this point you would just be in the way . '' warren now sees a big sign -- '' harold warp 's Pioneer Village . see how America grew. next exit . '' he beam . ext . minden , nebraska - day the bounder_approach the compound know as harold warp 's Pioneer Village . ( harold warp , by the way , invent flex - o0-glass . ) _ as Warren emerge from the bounder , he expression reveal a deep sense of the moment , of arrive at a place long dream about . Warren arrive at the front door to the main building and try to open it , but it 's locked . he peer through the window and in the distance notice a man wear a toolbelt . Warren knock loudly . man ( approach ) we be close for repair . close . nobody here . come back after the 22nd . warren how 's that ? man ( louder ) we re-open on the 22nd . warren oh . thank you . int . bounder — day Warren be sit at he little kitchen table , sluggish from he severe depression . he 's try to write but the word be come slowly , painfully . warren ( vo ) dear ngudu , I do not know . I do not know anything anymore . I just . I just do not know . I can not goon . my whole life . it 's just nothing . it 's nothing ... and now . and now my goddamn pen be out of ink ! Warren go into a tantrum , throw he pen across the bounder and tear up the letter . 58 int . the bounder — day Warren be drive , a desperate look on he bleary face . warren ( vo cont D ) dear ngudu , how be you ? I be fine . a week or so ago , I decide to take a little road trip on my way to jeannie 's wedding out in Denver . jeannie have want I to come out early and help with the arrangement , but I tell she I need some time to myself . to tell you the truth , I have be feel a little down lately , a - little lose . ext . highway - day the big bounder roll along , head toward a mournful sunset . warren ( vo cont 'd ) so I decide to visit some place I have not be to in a long time and maybe try to figure out what have make my who I be today . there 's so much of my life I can not seem to remember , ngudu , whole section of my life that be just . go . the bounder now take a exit . warren ( vo cont 'd ) so my first stop be none other than holdridge , nebraska . I think it might be a good idea to re-visit the house where I be bear sixty - seven year ago next March . ext . holdridge , nebraska - day through the windshield -- the '' welcome to holdridge '' sign replete with the traditional logo : of rotary , kiwanis , and lion . 59 warren ( vo cont 'd ) we move away from holdridge when I be not much older than you , and I nve often wonder what we old house look like today . funny , I never forget the address -- 249 Locust Avenue . I remember my dad say he pay $ 11,500 for that place . believe it or not , that be a lot of money in that day . a STREET sign -- LOCUST avenue warren look at it , breathes a satisfied breath as he guide he vessel around the corner . warren ( vo cont ’d ) 249 Locust Avenue . yes , sir . he look out the window scan the address . all this old house : 225 , 229 , 237 , 243 and finally -- 249 LOCUST avenue . but wait -- there 's no house here . it 's a -- ext . four -day tire store - day look as if that lot be re-zone . at first crestfallen , Warren quickly decide to make the best of it . he 's come all this mile , wait all this year . the bounder pull into the parking lot . int . four -day tire store - day Warren walk into this modern tire store as though walk reverently into he past . it 's all come back to he . a chipper tire salesman name ken come up . ken can I help you , sir ? warren no , that 's okay . I be just look around . I use to live here . ken here. in the store ? 60 warren yep . my childhood home be right on this spot . ( walk a few step , extend he hand ) in fact my bedroom would have be right about here , the dining room over there and -- ( catch himself ) of course , that be a long time ago . Way before you be bear . Warren wander off , lose in he memory . the music swell with a nostalgic and romantic sense of the past . : sound from the past now filter in -- a child practice piano , a lively dinner , a lovingly scolding mother , a game of hopscotch , a bark dog . Warren look wistfully out the store 's front window . warren ( cont ’d ) you be not go to believe this , but we use to have a tire swing right out front . ken huh . well , listen , you let I know if you need any help with some tire today . my name 's Ken . warren ( touch ) thank you . ext . four -day tire store - day on he way back to the bounder , Warren survey the parking lot as though it be still he front yard . warren ( vo ) a awful lot have change since my day , but it be still good to be home again . very good indeed . spot some litter , Warren pick it up and walk it to a nearby receptacle . ext . o' neill park - day Warren wander onto a empty playground . he approach monkey bar and jump up , hang for a second , drop back down . 61 now warren ride a duck mount on a giant spring , rock to and for . warren ( vo cont ’d ) I think I be a happy child . ext . highway — day the bounder zoom past a sign that read , '' welcome to Kansas . '' warren ( vo cont 'd ) ( increasingly Charles - : - kuralt - ish ) next stop , lawrence Kansas , where I pay a visit to my old alma mater , k.u . I have not be there in year and year , and now seem the perfect chance to stop by . exit . university of kansas ( lawrence ) — day the bounder head toward the center of campus . ext . university of kansas - day Warren walk through campus as student bustle about . warren ( vo cont 'd ) believe it or not , I still have dream about be late for class . ext . beta sigma fraternity house — day Warren climb the step of this old convert house . int . beta sigma house — day a door -- as a hand rap on it . dave ( os ) hey , you look for one of we ? wider -- Warren turn and look down the hallway as two young men with backpack approach . 62 warren say , you boy live here in this room ? phil sure do . what 's up ? they push past he , and one of the boy open the door with a key . warren believe it or not , this be my room too when I be a beta sig year ago . do you mind if I just take a quick peek for old time 's sake ? ~ dave -haggart , - a Electrical Engineering student with pimple around he mouth , and phil goberson , a good - nature , oafish sort , exchange a look . : dave I do not care . phil whatever . int . frat bedroom — day the boy put down they backpack on they respective bed . Warren follow they , take a wistful look around the room . dave so , you be a beta sig , huh ? warren oh , yeah . uh. oi koi. Dave and phil smile proudly . dave and phil Kai ro. they offer they hand to Warren and perform the secret handshake , which of course can not be describe here . dave what be you do here ? warren I be just sort of look around . have not be back in year and year . 63 int . prat diwing room - day close on chicken fried steak close on mashed potatoe and gravy close on vegetable medley warren be eat lunch along with all the current frat member . charismatic chuck woodard walk over lean down to talk to warren . chuck Word be we have a veteran beta sig in we . midst . which one of you might that be ? . hearty laughter . warren it 's I . chuck no , I know . how be you ? Chuck woodard , chapter president . warren Warren Schmidt . omaha , nebraska . they perform the secret handshake . chuck and haggart tell I you have never be back for a visit before this . warren not since the early fifty . always too busy to break away for reunion . but I have contribute quite a bit of money over the year . you know . insert - a contribution reply form offer choice of $ 500 , $ 250 , $ 100 , and $ 75 . a pen put a '' x '' in the box next to a '' other '' and write in $ 12.00 . back to scene -- chuck well , the place have probably change a lot since then , but I doubt the food have get any better . that crack Warren up . 64 chuck have you have much of a chance to look around the campus ? warren not too much , no . chuck why do not you guy take Mr. Schmidt on a little tour this afternoon ? phil I can not . I get Spanish . dave — I have a-review section for my circuit . Design mid-term tomorrow , but I guess I could meet you after that . chuck oh , and be sure to show he schuyler . Warren have a sudden reaction of horror . warren show I what ? phil the new schuyler Student Center . chuck it 's incredible . dave yeah , it just open about six month ago . it 's huge . it 's get like a international food court , concert hall , conference room , a coffee house , computer center , bowl alley , pool table and video game room , what else ? oh , a bookstore , travel agency , barber shop . phil frozen yogurt and cookie store , all sort of stuff . and it 's a really cool - look building . chuck and it be largely donate by none other than Roger schuyler , a old beta sig like yourself . you know who he be , right ? 65 Warren look deeply into he chicken fry steak . warren he be my roommate . phil you mean in we room ? the one Dave and I have now ? Warren nod slowly . phil dude ! phil extend he hand to invite the high five , and Dave respond with vim . ext . university of kansas campus - day Dave and Warren be take they little tour . warren you see that tower ? in my day , kid use to climb up that thing and unfurl a go Kansas banner before big football game . dave oh yeah ? some guy build a huge bong up there last year . it be pretty hilarious . Warren have no idea what a bong be . warren a bong , huh ? that 's great . dave ( point ) last but not least , here be the schuyler Student Center . the schuyler student CENTER be a immense , sprawling edifice . above the front door , in gigantic letter , be the word , '' schuyler Student Center . '' Dave start to walk toward it , but Warren balk -- he rub the back of he neck , feign fatigue . warren say , Dave , I think I have have a little too much excitement for one day . I should let you focus on you study . 66 dave at least poke you head in and have a look at the frescoes . warren I know where it be now , so I can come back . thanks a lot for you hospitality and the tour and everything . I know I kind of barge inon you . you have be great . he offer he hand for the secret handshake . dave a you know , we be have a little mixer tonight to welcome the new pledge and little sister . you ought to stop by . Warren give a know smile . warren oh , no . that 's for you young fella . I know what go on at that thing . dave no , really . it 's nothing wild -- more just like a reception . I be sure we would all be honore if you come . warren honore ? really ? dave yeah . it no give everybody , especially we new pledge , a sense of we , you know , we heritage as beta sig . warren ( brighten ) really ? int . bounder - night warren take a shower through the blurry shower door , hum a old tune . ext . beta sigma - night the bounder roll up and come to a stop . 67 int . bounder - night Warren open the little vanity mirror inside the visor and comb he hair , check he appearance . int . beta sigma ~— night fraternity and sorority student mill about the lower floor . there i : music , but no one dance . there be beer , but few drink . Dave speak correctly -- it be indeed more of a reception than a party , and there stiffness about the affair . Warren come through the front door . he wear a sporty pole shirt beneath he jacket . he smile warmly at no one in particular as he enter the main room . he even seem to have a little bounce in he step . he look around amicably for a familiar face . he find none , and there be that _awkwa : ment of a nice guy in limbo at a party . he spot the drink table and head thither . a young man act as bartender . bartender yes , sir . be you look for someone ? warren I be look for a cold beer be what I be look for . bartender you get it . the young man begin to fill a plastic cup from the keg . warren and none of this ' sir 's stuff . I be one of you beta sig brother . bartender oh , right . you be the guy at lunch . right . Roger schuyler 's roommate . warren I teach he everything he know . Chuck and phil sidle up . Chuck put he arm around Warren 's shoulder . 68 chuck ( to the bartender ) do you check this guy 's id ? he look a little young to be drink . they laugh , and Warren laugh a little too hard . warren check my id phil Chuck want to introduce you when he give he corny little welcoming speech and all . that okay with you ? warren oh , like I be a visit dignitary . chuck well , since you have be out of school for a couple of year , we want some tip on what to do when we graduate . they laugh again , and again Warren do so a bit too effusively . — chuck so you have a good time ? warren the time of my life . it really take I back to when I be you fella 's age . do not feel as though any time have pass at all . but you guy be a little too low - key here , I mean , c’mon . when we have fraternity party in my day , we use to let it all hang out . chuck oh , it can get pretty wild sometimes . you would be proud of we . warren I do not know . I be still a little disappointed in you guy . I be go to have to include this in my report . Warren chug the rest of he beer and motion to the bartender to fill it up again . 69 later -- President Chuck address the faithful . chuck ~ and the second letter , sigma , be the eighteenth letter of the Greek alphabet . as you math type know -- but I will say it for the benefit of we normal people -- sigma , in math , be the mathematical symbol meaning the '' summation of all the figure in a problem . '' so I want you new pledge and little sister to remember that as beta sigmas we be a whole ; we be the summation of all we component part . angle on warren sit in a chair in a corner . he 's a little drunk by now . he be study something in the palm of he hand . warren 's hand -- - : contain a little piece of paper with note for a speech . warren look up and blink try to memorize he remark . chuck ( cont ’d ) we be a family of brother and sister , and with the concept of beta and smigma , we can achieve more together than we ever could as individual . for he who stand away from the pack can never be deal with or play with . I hereby welcome you into this elite club . all applaud or raise they glass . cbuck ( cont 'd ) there 's one more thing I want to mention , and that be that we have with we tonight a very special guest . he 's right over there in the corner . Warren stand up , almost at attention . chuck ( cont 'd ) - and no , he 's not some graduate student crash the party . Warren get a big kick out of that . 70 chuck ( cont ’d ) he 's one of we -- a veteran beta sig brother from yesteryear who represent we very special heritage . Warren be listen but also still go over the speech in he mind chuck ( cont ’d ) you know , the man of beta sigma be a unique breed who leave they unmistakable stamp on history . beta sig be find in every walk of life and in all fifty state . most recently , of course , Roger schuyler , a * beta sig from this very chapter and head of one the nation 's large construction firm , base out of Chicago , design and donate we new student center . and now , I have like to present you to someone who in this very house be . Roger schuyler 's roommate ! the applause be so thunderous that no one hear Warren 's name . chuck ( cont ’d ) Warren spitz ! smiling face of that applaud , proud to have in they presence a man once in such proximity to greatness . Warren 's smile wilt before he politely freshen it . he slip the piece of paper into he jacket pocket . the music come back on , and people return to talk . a young man approach Warren . young man so what be Roger schuyler like ? you guy stay in touch ? warren ( confidential at first ) you want to know what Roger schuyler be like ? he be a selfish jerk . that guy cheat and screw around and treat everybody like dog , you know , poop . more 71 warren ( cont 'd ) ( get fire up ) - and now he 's run around like he 's some kind of bigshot . you want to guess who do he statistic final that time so he could get a a and get into phi beta kappa and all that ? ( jabbing a finger into he own shoulder ) me. you be look at he . I , that 's who . he mention that in he book ? young man I do not know . a warren ( cont ’d ) hey Dave . Dave . come here . let I buy you a little drinky - winky . he take Dave by the arm and drag he to the drink table . warren ( cont ’d ) two beer , please . dave no beer for I . I still have two chapter to review for tomorrow . in 1l have a diet Coke . warren I can not get over you guy . no drink , no carouse , no carry on at all . I think you college kid -- let I tell you something , and I want you to listen very hard . that test tomorrow be meaningless . ( he 's start to slur ) the senselessness of it all be go to hit you someday like a ton of brick . what matter now be to enjoy you youth . do you hear I ? live it up a little . let I show you how we use to do it in my day . Warren take he beer , lift it to he lip , take a deep breath and chug the whole thing , little stream of beer trail down the side of he mouth and onto he neck . he slam the plastic cup onto the table . warren fill she up , partner . with ethyl , if - you get it . 72 be do so , and Warren downs this one even faster . warren aaaaaah . that 's better . now that 's two for I and zero for you . C ’mon , do yourself a favor . you have get to live life ! dave well , maybe just one . I have a big dinner , anyway . warren that 's the spirit . he slap Dave hard on the back . they take they beer . warren one , two , three . down the old hatcharoo . Warren finish he slower this time , and not without gag noise . Dave take only a sip . warren set ‘em up again . dave do not you think you would better slow down a little , Mr. Schmidt ? warren slow down ? you think I ought to slow down ? I have be slow down all my goddamn life ! I have have enough slow down here , slow down there , slow down leave and right and over there . you slow down ! everyone have now quiete and turn t drink table . Warren reel around . tear . '' look at the scene by the Dave be on the verge of warren ( cont 'd ) what be you all look at I like that for ? this guy think I should slow down . I think you should all be speed up ! let 's have a party . he start to dance grotesquely around the room , exhort all to join he festive mood . 73 warren ( cont 'd ) c'mon , everybody , let 's have a party ! let 's sing some drink song and have a real party ! C ’mon , you guy ! he grab a pretty young woman and begin to dance with she . Warren release the unresponsive girl , seize a pledge , and now start to dance with he . finally stumble and fall but get back up again . warren ( cont D ) why be you all so boring ? you know who I be ? I be Roger schuyler 's roommate . I be Roger fuck schuyler 's roommate ! but he do not build that building . I do ! he 's my roommate . it 's my building ! someone have cut the music by this time , and between Warren 's word be a terrible silence . he collapse in a chair , and he voice trail off . he slump , mouth open . he blink heavily , and we cut to he blurred point of view . everyone be still . Chuck motion to phil . they walk over and hoist Warren out of the chair . as they drag he out of the room , we occasionally cut to Warren 's point of view -- the travel floor , the stunne onlooker . chuck Son of a bitch . grab he coat , and let 's get he the fuck out of here . they reach the little step that lead to the front hall , and Warren 's foot knock against they as he be pull up . on the last step Warren 's foot be knock so hard that he false lower teeth fall out and roll on the carpet . phil what be that ? chuck oh , for Christ 's sake . follow they , Dave dutifully pick up the denture with a piece of newspaper . 74 int . bounder — hight the door be flung open , and Warren be heave upon he bed . phil and Chuck leave . Dave lay the denture on the kitchen table and leave . int . bounder — morning warren 's lower denture be be scrubbed in the sink . warren now fit the plate back in he mouth . he look haggard and , draw . as he turn away from the sink , he head throbs even more severely , .. and he hold he head , sit down . warren ( vo ) well , ngudu , I be happy to report that the campus may have change a bit , but it be the same old ku I remember , full of friendship and camaraderie . now drive every breath , every blink seem painful . warren ( vo cont 'd ) I manage to hook up with some kid at my old fraternity beta sigma , and we have a grand old time , really put on the dog . I be no spring chicken , of course , but you have be surprised how well I hold my own with the young set . ext . gas station in SMALL town — day the bounder pull to a stop . warren ( vo cont ’d ) here 's some advice : I highly recommend that you pledge a fraternity when you go to college . the relationship you form there will stick with you for the rest of you life . now at the payphone — Warren read a number from the university of kansas alumni directory and dial . woman ‘s voice ( on phone hello ? 75 warren . yes , be Roger schuyler there please ? woman May I say who 's call ? warren yes . this be , uh , George Wilson from the university club out here in lawrence . woman ( bright ) — oh , .. just a second . . 7 a moment later -- roger schuyler hello ? warren Mr. schuyler ? roger schuyler yes . and you name be Wilson . have we meet ? warren no , I be fairly new here , and I be afraid I have be call upon to deliver some . rather unfortunate news . roger schuyler ( on phone ) oh ? warren this afternoon there be . a incident at the student center . a fire . roger schuyler ( on phone ) oh , my God . warren the damage be quite extensive . the firemen be still out there , but it look as though it could be a total loss . roger schuyler ( on phone ) oh god. warren they think it be arson . 76 roger schuyler ( on phone ) oh , my God . be anyone hurt ? warren ( that 's a good one ) well , that 's the very unfortunate news . the body of two freshman girl have be recover so far , and there could be more . roger schuyler ( on phone ) oh , god. oh , my God . — — -. —. .__woman_ ( on phone ) ° _ ( distant ) Roger , what be it ? warren and five firemen have be hospitalize so far . one in critical condition . roger schuyler ( on phone ) oh , my god. no. warren ( barely keep it together ) a wall cave in on they . roger schuyler ( on phone ) do not the sprinkler work ? and the fire door ? a noisy semi pull into the gas station , nearly drown out they conversation . warren I have get to go now . they need I . i’1l call you back as soon as I can with a update . roger schuyler ( on phone ) wait Warren hang up and immediately double over with laughter . ext . broker bow , nebraska ~- day Warren exit a old building that house a local museum . 77 warren ( vo ) anyway , after my little walk down memory lane , it be tourist time for yours truly . I make my way back to nebraska and stop in at the custer County historical museum in Broken bow to see they fine collection of arrowhead . int . mini - mart - day drink from a soft-drink cup with a capacity great than the human bladder , Warren be talk with a native american cashier . — _ —- warren ( vo cont ’d ) later that same day , at a local grocery , I be lucky enough to encounter a real indian , or Native american , as they like to be call nowadays . we have a nice chat about the history of the area , and he really open my eye . that people get a raw deal . just a raw deal . do not forget they be here before we be . ext . the kearny arch — day this be a immense arch construct over I - 80 . like at the St. Louis arch , visitor can climb to the top for a fine view and shop at the gift store on they way out . warren ( vo cont ’d ) I finally go up into the new arch over the interstate outside kearny , climb all 179 step . ext . '' thing ' N STUFF '' antique store - day a typical roadside bric-a- brac place . warren ( vo cont ’d ) and , you know , I pull the bounder over whenever I feel like stretch my leg , take in a local sight , or browsing for antique . int . antique store - day Warren be browsing inside . 78 warren ( vo cont 'd ) the other day , for example , at a antique store in cozad , I come across a fine collection of rare hummel . the adorable hummel figurine -- now at the cash register — a clog dancer , a hobo , a child playing a accordian . wide -- Warren be talk to the rather large woman who own the shop . warren ( vo cont 'd ) the owner tell I that hummel , aside = from be very decorative , increase in value on average 6 % a year , provide they be keep in mint condition . int . bounder - night Warren be at he dinette table , eat soup and admire the hummel laid out in front of he . warren ( vo cont 'd ) helen love hummel . there 's a knock at the door . Warren open the door to find middle - age JOHN rusk . jobn rusk ahoy , there ! warren yes ? JOHN rusk I say ahoy ! warren ahoy to you . JOHN rusk ( extend he hand ) John Rusk . eau Claire , Wisconsin . warren Warren Schmidt . omaha . 79 jobn rusk say , I hope I be not disturbing you , but I could not help notice you have get one of the new Imperial m36n . what a beauty ! man , oh , man . warren thank you . yeah , it 's quite a. 1I '' pretty happy with it . JOHN we be still drag around -- my wife and I -- we be still drag around a old 31m , if you can believe - it . I tell you , though , we have have some pretty good time with she , a lot of memory . iit have be hard to let she go at this point . warren uh-huh . . a awkward moment while John wait for a invitation . then -- JOHN permission to step aboard , cap 'o ? warren how 's that ? JOHN can I take a look inside ? warren sure . be my guest . Warren step back . John Rusk climb the gangplank . JOHN yeah , jeez , look at all this room . that extra five foot really make a difference . say , you keep a mighty clean galley , mister . warren thank you . I have only be on the road about a week . jon you nre kid ! this be you maiden voyage ? warren yes . 80 JOHN rusk and you nre travel solo ? warren that 's right . JOHN Holy Christ ! you have get to come over for dinner . we have get to celebrate . my Vicki 's one heck of a cook -- I mean if you be free , of course . warren ( in the spirit ) - l..don!t. know . . i’11 have . to check my calendar . ext . koa campground - night Warren have comb he hair and change into nicer clothes -- a sportcoat and open shirt . he carry a six - pack of michelob . he pass the more low -rent rv 's and arrive at the Rusk 's - bounder . be knock , and VICKI rusk open the door . warren ahoy , there . VICKI ahoy ! int . rusk bounder - night Warren step aboard . VICKI I be Vicki Rusk . warren Warren Schmidt . VICKI John be so excited to meet you . Warren extend the six - pack to Vicki . VICKI oh , you should not have . warren ( sniff the air ) smell de-lish . 81 Vicki go to the stove and stir a pot . VICKI I hope you like chicken . warren oh yeah . a flush be hear , and almost simultaneously John Rusk emerge from the bathroom between Vicki and Warren . JOHN there he be ! warren hey ! they shake hand like old friend . JOHN can I take you coat ? warren sure . warren remove he coat . while John put it on a mini-hanger in the tiny closet , Warren smell a new odor . warren ( cont 'd ) something burn ? joen hmm ? oh , no . I just light a couple of match be all . : warren oh . the limited space inside the bounder require all three occupant constantly to maneuver around one another . joen shall we adjourn to the live room while Vicki 's -- you be almost ready , be not you , hon ? VICKI just about . John , Warren bring beer . jon why , thank you , Warren . have a seat . Warren and John sit side - by-side on the sofa-bed sofa . they walk awkward . slap he later -- 82 warren so what do ' you do back in eau Claire ? joen my brother and I have little shoe store . warren shoe , huh ? joen it 's a famous footwear . yes sir , people will always need shoe . and Vicki here 's a occupational - therapist . so that 's we day job , you might say . but now that the kid be on they own , we have get it structure so as we can be on the road free as the wind about five month a year . how about yourself ? warren I be in the insurance game , but I '' retire now . VICKI ( put salad dress bottle on the table ) dinner 's ready . JOHN ( motion Warren to join he ) why do not you tell we about it over supper ? the two step to the dining area . it 's all so small and they squeeze into they seat , but once settle John hand together , express great satisfaction . they be linger over coffee and poppy-seed cake . they have eat well , drunk well , and have clearly bond in the benevolent glow light of bounder spirit . the rusk have drag out they family photo album and be show it to Warren . VICKI and this be Roger and denise and they daughter . warren now denise be you oldest ? 83 VICKI no , she 's the middle one . they be out in delaware . and this little cuty be Katie and sloan . warren a girl name sloan ? never hear that one before . JOHN and VICKI ( with a laugh ) neither have well JOHN 7 " do you have . any picture of you daughter with you ? warren hmmm ? no . not on I . JOHN nothing in you wallet ? warren I might have one of George Washington , though . that just crack John and Vicki up . JOHN or abraham lincoln . warren who ? they be on a roll ! VICKI , when do you say you daughter 's get marry ? warren this Saturday . VICKI I be surprised you be not out there already - you know , help with the arrangement and all . warren I be on my way . 84 joen what do you get they for a wedding present ? warren well , I figure I be pay for the wedding , sow . JOHN ( chuckle ) oh yeah , I know how you feel . have two daughter of my own . no , but seriously , what be you get they ? a warren : ( stump ) um . I guess some kind of cookware or small appliance or something . maybe a gift certificate . micki oh , that 's always good . then they can get what they want . joen you never have to return a gift certificate , that 's for sure . ( notice ) jeez , look like we be a little low on truth serum here . if I go out for another six - pack , you guy go to be okay ? warren oh yeah . later —- Warren and Vicki be alone now , and they have repair to the '' salon '' area of the bounder . Vicki be perch with she leg tuck under she , like a middle - age slightly overweight midwestern scotch - german erté nymph . warren yep , that 's quite a family you get there . you and John be very lucky . VICKI yes , we be . ( shifting gear ) Warren , may I make a observation ? 85 warren sure . VICKI and you will not get offended ? warren I do not think so . VICKI well , you put a pretty good face on thing , consider all you have be through lately . Warren just nod alittle , unsure where this be go . VICKI ( cont 'd ) and I have only just meet you , but I have a good instinct about people . and what I be feel from you be that despite you good humor and you positive outlook , inside you be a very sad man . warren well , you know it be quite a adjustment there when you lose a spouse . VICKI but it 's more than that , something more than grief and loss I see in you . something deeper . warren like . like what ? VICKI oh , I do not know you well enough . but I be guess anger . yes , anger . maybe . I do not know . fear. loneliness . Warren say nothing . he suddenly feel very naked . warren ( low ) I ama little lonely . vickl I know it . you see ? warren you be a very understanding woman . 86 VICKI I know . a lot of people say that . warren ( gather he courage ) you want to know the real truth ? VICKI I be listen . I do not love my wife . maybe I never j love she . not the way she deserve . I just could not give she everything * '' she need to be happy . I could not . 4 I could not . and my life . I just 4 think I have waste my life my whole '' life be just . Warren trail off , overcome by he own honesty . Vicki reach out to comfort he , touch he shoulder . VICKI oh , you sad man . you sad , sad man . he bend he head to rest it on Vicki 's shoulder . a little uncomfortable with the whole situation , but ever the gracious hostess , Vicki gently cradle he head . VICKI ( cont ’d ) you sad man . the intimacy , the alcohol , the intoxicating scent of Vicki 's $ 19.00 perfume -- it 's all too much for vulnerable Warren . suddenly he seize she head and press he lip against she mouth . he even whimper . VICKI ( push he away ) what be you do ? Warren dive for she lip again , but Vicki turn stern . she shove Warren away , stand up . VICKI I do not know what kind of idea you have get , mister , but I think you need to leave now . Warren just stand there , surprised by he own action and by Vicki 's reaction .. 87 VICKI ( cont ’d ) you need to leave now . warren I be sorry . oh God . I do not mean tow I be just . I mean , you understand I , and IL VICKI ( now frighten ) get out . get out . Warren get to he foot , he shame palpable . could I get my coat , please ? Vicki reach into the little closet and hand Warren he jacket . ext . koa campground - night Warren now scamper back across the campground . he reach he bounder and start to disconnect it from the hook -up . int . warren' bounder - night Warren step up , climb into the driver 's seat and start the engine . ext . campground - wight Warren back out he rv and head toward the exit . int . bounder - night warren' Pov -- as he turn into the road , he headlight find a solitary figure . why , it 's JOHN rusk just back from he trip to the corner . look like he get a whole case too , not just a six - pack . unsure how to react to what look like Warren 's bounder , John give a little abort wave . Warren keep he eye straight ahead and speed up . 88 ext . highway -- dawn sunrise find the bounder on the shoulder as a highway patrol car pull up behind it . the patrolman get out and walk up to the driver 's window . there 's Warren pass out against the steering wheel , a thick strand of drool hang from he open mouth . he seem dead . rap - rap -rap . Warren startles awake , look around disorient , finally slide open he window . patrolman need any assistance ? warren . . no , I be just a little too tired last night to go on , so I pull over . patrolman it 's illegal to park on the shoulder . and extremely dangerous . there 's a koa campground about 12 mile back . warren I must have miss that . patrolman I be not go to write you up , but you be go to need to move you vehicle . warren I be just go out to Denver to see my daughter . she 's get marry , and -- patrolman well , she ' will want you to get there in one piece . the patrolman leave . Warren gather himself together , start the bounder up and pull off the shoulder , out onto the high -speed interstate , ready for adventure . warren ( vo ) as my journey draw to a close , I reflect back on all I have see and do , and I think it 's be a good trip , a reward trip . and last night , my final night on the road , be the best of all . it be a very special night . 89 ext . wooded area — dusk the bounder make its way down a pastoral tree - line gravel road . warren ( vo cont ’d ) I no spend a wonderful day drive in the North platte area . ona lark I turn down a country road , and before you know it I find myself in avery lovely wood area . later — Warren step out of the bounder and look around he at the thick shrubbery . he can.hear the nearby creek . he keep look around -- what a lovely spot . warren ( vo cont ‘d ) it be so quiet . and I be all alone , and — bear with I here — I feel something sort of come over I , like a sense of . peace , you might say . nature can do that to you sometimes — make you feel all small and overpower . make you think about thing . important thing . later — Warren sit outside the bounder on a fold chair , drink a scotch and enjoy the smell and sound . warren ( vo cont ’d ) Long story short , I decide to be adventurous and spend the night right there . later — Warren be now on top of the bounder , wrap in a blanket warren ( vo cont ’d ) just I and my thought and God 's great universe stretch out above I . we notice that Warren be look at — the hummel all laid out in front of he , illuminate by a couple of candle . warren pick up one of the hummel and kiss it before replace it alongside the other . 90 warren . ( address the hummel ) helen . belen I miss you so much . this trip would have make you so happy . I nve see so many thing I have want to show you and think so many thought I wish I could have share with you . oh , helen . ( lose it ) I forgive you . I forgive you for Ray . I know it be a long time ago , and maybe I be not the king of king . but I try . I try real hard . I be + sorry I let you down . ( dissolve in tear , now address the sky ) helen , I miss you so much . can you forgive I ? can you ever forgive I ? the black sky , the infinite star — as Warren 's sob continue . warren ( vo ) and lie outside , look up at all the star , I have a sort of epiphany . the universe or helen or something seem to be tell I there be certain thing I have to clear up , certain situation I have to set right . just then — a shoot STAR go by . warren -- move by the miracle he just witness , mouth a silent wish and awkwardly cross himself . later — it 's dawn now , and Warren , bundle up in blanket atop the bounder , be awaken by he own shivering and chatter teeth . from below — Warren peek over the edge — it 's a long way down , and he 's cold and stiff . Warren turn around , ease a foot over to search for the first step on the ladder . after a clumsy and protract struggle , he finally manage to lower he aching body back to Earth . later — the bounder pull out abruptly and the forget hummel tumble off the roof , smashing to bit on the road . 91 ext . payphone somewhere — day Warren have just finish dial . woman' voice ( on phone ) you have reach the voice mailbox of . ray ( on phone ) ~ Ray Nichols . woman 's voice ( on phone ) at the tone , please record you message . - beep . warren Ray , it 's Warren . I know we separate on a bit of a sour note . but I just think I should call and let you know that I have be do some think and some soul search and , well , I be willing to talk about all this . if you be . I mean , we have be good friend all this year , and I do not know . I just want to say that I be willing to talk about this . because with all the — woman 's voice ( on phone ) ( interrupt ) if you wish to continue recording or deliver you message , press pound . to erase you message and start again , press star . Warren momentarily panic , unsure which key be which . he press one . woman' voice ( on phone cont ’d ) message erase . to record you message , press star-nine ... Warren look at keypad for a second , then hang up . int . diner - brule , nebraska - day Warren sit at a booth by the window , write to ngudu . 92 warren ( vo ) yes sir , no more pussy - foot around for yours truly . from now on , I be go to do exactly what I want and say exactly what I feel . the waitress come over , pen and pad at the ready . warren I have like a plain omelet , no potato , tomato instead , a cup of coffee and wheat toast . waltress * no substituon . warren oh. okay . 1/11 just have the potato then . waitress I will be right back with you coffee . " the waitress take Warren 's menu . he pick up he pen to finish he letter . warren ( vo cont 'd ) well , I '11 close now and get this little travelogue in the post before I cross over into Colorado and head on into Denver . wish I luck -- I might be drop a pretty big bomb when I get there . so until next time , this be you trusty correspondent Warren R. Schmidt signing off . exit . post office - brule , nebraska - day Warren mail the letter at a mailbox outside this small - town post office and bound back to the bounder . ext . highway — day the bounder zoom past we . denver loom in the distance . ext . denver residential neighborhood - dusk a older neighborhood with lot of tree and large rambling home . : the bounder creep around a corner , 93 ext . hertzel house - dusk Warren ascend the front step of this large older home with a big wooden porch and ring the doorbell . a few moment later the door be open by roberta hertzel , a large , grand woman in a long , flow muu- muu and festoon with enormous jade jewelry -- necklace , jangling bracelet and ring . oh , and no bra . roberta ( extend she hand ) Warren , how grand to see you again . warren hope I be not intrude . roberta not at all . I be happy to get you call and learn that you be finally in town . warren I do not suppose jeannie 's here yet . roberta they should be over in about a hour . come on in . int . hertzel live room - dusk roberta lead Warren into this much live - in house , take he coat . roberta I send you a card . do you get my card ? warren ( no idea ) oh , yes . very nice card . thank you . Lovely card . roberta but I want to say it to you in person . I be so sorry about helen . I meet she only that once , but as you know we talk often on the phone after the engagement . she be a fine , fine woman . a fine , fine human be . 94 warren thank you . and of course you know we have plan to do this travel together . roberta you poor thing . warren that 's why we buy the bounder . roberta we all miss she . just tragic . that sit there a moment . later roberta ( cont ’‘d ) so what can I get you to drink ? I bet that you would like a cocktail . warren ( hold up he hand ) oh , no , I be fine . 1/11 wait till the kid get here . roberta well , I be have a Manhattan . warren what the hell . make it two . roberta and Warren sit on the sofa in the live room . roberta oooocoh .. that 's better . this last week have be very stressful . the only way helen be lucky -- and I mean the only way -- be that she do not have to go through this week with jeannie and I . ( with melodic cadence ) the church . the caterer . the florist . the dress . the relative . the travel arrangement . the motel . the bridesmaid . the groomsman . the gowns . do you realize how many people stil ] have not rsvp would ? I spend the morning tracking they down . Warren , it do not stop . 95 warren thanks for take such good care of everything . roberta but I do not want to trouble you with all of this . you have have a wonderful trip , and I do not want to spoil that for you . yes , she do . roberta ( cont 'd ) by the way , we do still need that check for the church . do jeannie mention it to you ? because we have need it for a few day now , and it have actually be a bit of a problem . warren oh ! jeez , I have sort of be in my own little world , and I guess I must have miss that . ( get up ) I will run out to the bounder right now and get my checkbook . roberta ( wave he to sit still ) oh no . nonsense . it can wait . you sit still and finish you drink . I want to hear all about you trip . suddenly some guy yell from the kitchen . voice roberta ? ro-bert -a! roberta ( yell back ) what ? voice I can not get the goddamn thing off ! how do you turn this thing off ? roberta ( to Warren ) would you excuse I ? roberta get up and waft away , the ice clinking in she drink . she push she way through the swinging kitchen door . 96 roberta ( os ) what be you fuck problem ? do not you think I have enough to deal with ? larry ( os ) that 's why I offer to come over and help . I be try to help you . roberta ( 0s ) well this be no help ! look at it . what do you expect I to do now ? larry ( 0s ) . I all do it if you just tell I what you want ! I be not a mind -reader ! roberta ( 0s ) ' forget it . I will do it . just like I have to do everything around here ! get out ! larry ( 0s ) I be not a mind -reader ! I am nota mind -reader ! roberta ( os ) do you understand English ? get out ! she push she way back through the swinging door . she sit again next to Warren . her face be flushed . roberta I be sorry . ( a long exhale ) you meet Larry last time , do not you ? warren just briefly . the back door slam loudly . roberta Larry be like a little boy . ever since we divorce , he think the only way he can get my attention be to cause a fuss . I understand it . I do . I feel sorry for he . I just . my first husband be the same way . warren I do not know you be marry before . 97 roberta it last nineteen month . he turn into a real horse 's ass . warren buh . roberta but I be sure thing will be different for jeannie and randall . now randall -~ he really know how to treat a woman . honestly , do not you think randall be something special ? warren he as. well , I know jeannie seem to be rather take with he . roberta that always help , do not it ? Warren give he best courtesy laugh . roberta ( cont 'd ) you know , when I have my hysterectomy , that boy do not leave my side for one minute . not one minute . people use to raise they eyebrow because I nurse he until he be almost five , but I think the result speak for themselves . I raise a very sensitive , devote boy who have turn into a sensitive , devote man . and he 's also quite easy on the eye , if I do say so myself . do not you agree ? . as though on cue , jeannie and randall walk in the front door . randall be wear the wear - out suit and bad tie of a waterbed salesman and be carry a large BOX . roberta look who 's here ! randall hey , dad ! how 's it hang ? randall put down the box and hug he future father - in- law . Warren respond as best he can . warren Fine . randall you be here . I be stoke . 98 Warren release randall and turn to he daughter . jeannie hi , dad . warren ri , sweetheart . they embrace . jeannie so how be you trip ? warren - great . just great . _ randall great . warren ran into a little traffic come into town this afternoon . ended up veer off 90 onto the 6 but that be not any better . must have be a accident or construction or something . randall that 's Denver for you . roberta you will not catch I drive on the interstate . randall what you want to do next time be get off at Capitol Avenue and take it about four mile up to 75 . head west , and that will lead you directly to kingsley Ave . warren thanks for the tip . roberta ( indicate the box ) here , randall , bring that into the kitchen . roberta and randall exit , and jeannie start to follow . warren jeannie , if you have get a moment , I need to talk to you about something . 99 jeannie can it wait ? I want to help this guy . warren it 's very important . I just need a few minute alone with you . jeannie okay , dad . no problem . later . int . roberta 's dine room - night close on randall eee eat he food . the way he eat he pork chop say it all -- cut farmer style , switchitig hand , dousing he bite in ketchup and apple sauce , smack loudly . warren watch he from across the dinner table . this be the greasy lip that kiss my daughter 's flesh . and he look at -- roberta . and at -- larry and saundra ( we will meet they shortly ) . and -- duncan . he be clearly randall 's young brother . same hair , same mustaches , same slope forehead . and at -- jeannie next to he . she seem to be smack a little too . warren say , randall , how have that investment situation work out for you ? you never call I . no one speak . randall turn a little pale . larry do not bring that up . duncan turned out to be some kind of pyramid scheme . randall no , it be not ! duncan all I know be I lose eight hundred buck . 100 randall . well , if you would stick with it a little longer , you would have see result . guaranteed . you bail out too soon . roberta can we change the subject , please ? randall see , you just do not find enough quality rep of you own , and you screw the whole thing up for I too . you never really take the time - to understand how the '' power '' system * work . ( count on he finger ) principal , ownership , wealth , uh . roberta boy , let 's change the subject . ding -ding -ding -- Larry clink he knife to he glass and stand . larry well , as father of the groom , I have just like to welcome we guest and -- roberta Larry , we know who you be , and you be go to have plenty of chance to make toast tomorrow and the next day . larry would you let I finish ? please ? roberta can not we just enjoy we food ? larry go ahead -- enjoy you food . but I have something to say . ( clear he throat ) I just want to acknowledge that we be gather together around this table as a family for the very first time . and I want to welcome Warren , who have journey a very long way to be with we here tonight . so , Warren , welcome . more 101 larry ( cont 'd ) ( squeezing saundra 's shoulder ) and on behalf of saundra and myself , I would just like to say that we be very proud to welcome jeannie into we family . and Warren , I just want you to know that we love jeannie very , very much . right , saundra ? saundra yes , we do . we love she . roberta okay , Larry . that 's enough . save it - ~ ~ ~ — ~ for tomorrow . larry ( sit back down ) I be do . you be interrupt I , and I be already do . ( extend he glass ) to we family . all extend they glass and clink , all except roberta . everyone resume eat . warren thank you , Larry . thank you very much . jeannie lean across randall to kiss Larry on the cheek . jeannie that be lovely , Larry . thank you . Warren notice this closeness between jeannie and she in - law . he then look at -- randall who have resume eat . later by the front door -- Warren be exchange pleasant good - by with Larry , saundra and Duncan , but he 's fishing for a moment with jeannie . warren ( find he chance ) say , jeannie , how about that few minute alone ? jeannie oh yeah . right . I forget . 102 she shoot a glance at randall , on he way out the door . randall we get a pretty big day tomorrow . jeannie ( to Warren ) can it wait ? warren actually , no . just give I a few minute . jeannie look at randall with a look of '' I have to do this . '' randall take you time . i1 '1 ] l get the car start . Warren and jeannie go out onto the -- ext . front porch ~- night it 's a screen in porch -- wicker furniture , a porch swing , burn - down candle . jeannie okay . so what 's up ? warren like I say , I have be do a lot of think . jeannie and ? dare he ? he hesitates , but he have come too far , travel too many mile . warren and long story short . I think you be make a big mistake . ( lowering he voice ) do not marry this guy . do not do it . you will regret it sooner or later . I know it . I just know it . jeannie search he face , incredulous . warren ( cont 'd ) do not marry randall . I be begging you . 103 jeannie ( finally , as if to a child ) okay , dad . calm down . it 's okay . you be just wigging out a little . I totally get it . you be really tired . it 's be a very emotional period for all of we , and Mom 's go , and she 's not here anymore to calm you down -- warren no , you be not listen . you have get to listen to I . this guy , he 's just not up to snuff . you know , he 's just sow honk honk -- randall be just so impatient . jeannie dad , I have . always know you have have some misgiving about randall , but you just do not know he well enough . people have tell I all sort of storey about parent freaking out at the last minute . it 's natural to be afraid to let you daughter go . warren no . this be not like that . honk honk honk -- jeannie dad , I gotta go . listen , get some sleep . let 's just forget we have this conversation . tomorrow 's a really super - busy day . everything 's go to be fine . she kiss he and trot toward the street . Warren watch she go . int . randall be room - night the sound of brush teeth over -- a photograph . of teenage randall in he basketball uniform . a row of ribbons all read '' participant . '' 104 a diploma congratulate randall hertzel for complete a two - week electronics class . warren be dress in pajamas and brush he tooth as he take in randall 's old room , a museum of randall 's mediocre adolescence . now exiting the adjoining batbroom ~~ Warren get into randall 's bed and be mildly alarmed to discover that it 's a waterbed . but soon he get he sea leg and turn out the light . lying in bed -- the Warren close he eye . fade to black under black : the ticking of a clock . the tick grow steadily louder . morning -- Warren open he eye . the tick continue . Warren look up at - a wall clock hang near the bed . it 's a battery - operate budweiser clock . warren now realize where he have awaken . he roll over to get out of the water bed but can not . ouch . what 's go on ? Warren now realize he have a terrible pain in he neck and shoulder . '' he contort around , keep he head rigidly fix , make another fail , sloshing attempt to rise out of bed . he groans repeatedly . the budweiser clock -- | as its hand spin rapidly around from 8:15 to 10:07 . the door -- as a little knock be hear . warren ( os ) come in . the door open , and roberta poke she head in . roberta good morning , mister sleepy -head ! roberta stop short and be distress to see -- '' 105 warren lie improbably on the ground , one leg still up on the edge of the bed . roberta ( cont ’d ) Warren , what 's wrong ? warren oh , I be fine . just a little stiff be all . my neck , uh . I ' 1l be okay . roberta do you fall out of bed ? warren ( a feeble old - man joke ) I guess it be just a little farther to the ground than I think . roberta let I help you . warren no , I think it 's better if I ' mona hard surface . later -- Warren be back in bed again , propped up on several pillow , he head tilt rigidly to one side . he be in great pain . roberta , jeannie and randall stand hover over the patient . jeannie and randall be in a hurry -- we can tell from they . jacket , ruddy cheek and how they jangle they key . jeannie I do not know , it still seem pretty weird for this to happen today , of all day . warren I be sorry , jeannie . I be sure I will rally in a few hour . the advil be kick in pretty good . jeannie it 's just that we have just be really stress out the last two week . while you have be out on you little trip , we have be kind of barely hold this thing together , and now for you to . crap out on we . 106 randall ( good-nature , as though scolding a child ) if you think this be go to make we cancel the wedding , you be sadly mistaken , young man . Nice try . Strike two . do randall really just say that ? warren I just think it 's the bed . I need something firmer . randall no way . that 's a aquarest 2-9000 . top of the line . it 's definitely not the bed . warren I do not know . I be pretty sure I need a harder surface . randall that 's a common misperception . a waterbed be the best thing there be for back and neck support . see , you back be not straight like a board . it 's more like a long '' 8s . '' only a waterbed support all the natural contour of you back . after all , you spend the first nine month of you life in water . roberta anyway , the point be that you , Mr. Schmidt , have a new job today . you job be to stay here and rest . jeannie all right . let 's just deal with this , okay ? I have get to get go . dad , where 's the receipt I give you ? warren the receipt ? jeannie for the program . at the printer . warren it 's in my breast pocket over there on the chair . 107 jeannie ( retrieve it ) I guess now randall will have to pick they up . randall what do you mean ? I gotta go to the airport and get Brian and Dave , and then run they by the tux shop and -- jeannib well , I can not do it . do you think I can do it ? ( meltdown ) I can not do - everything ! I can not do everything ! on warren -- as jeannie begin to sob . he try to sit up , but wince in excruciate pain . hour later -- Warren be alone in bed read encyclopedia brown . this case be a real puzzler , and Warren must turn to the back of the book for the surprising solution . so it be the junk dealer after all . by golly . roberta come in with a tray of food . roberta anybody hungry ? warren I could eat a horse . roberta .. Chicken noodle soup okay ? warren wonderful . she set the tray down next to Warren . roberta anything for I in the bedpan ? warren ( low ) yes. 108 roberta now sit on the bed , create some rough seas . when the wave calm , she place a napkin on Warren 's chest and grab a spoon and steaming bowl from the tray . warren oh , I can feed myself . roberta maybe you can . I just think this might be easier for you . warren ( he know she 's right ) thank you . + roberta begin feed Warren spoonful after spoonful . a odd but undeniable intimacy inform they conversation . ee roberta you know , sometimes injury like yours be more psychological than anything else . warren no , this be definitely real . roberta I do not mean to imply that you be imagine you injury . it 's just that . sometimes this thing can be bring on by other factor -- stress , anger , maybe hold onto some feeling you need to let go of . you might want to look at that . Warren slurp he so®p , look at she . roberta ( cont 'd ) you have be through a lot lately . warren it 's the bed . I be tell you , I sleep wrong . roberta you can choose to believe that if you want to , but when I look in you eye , I see a sad man , a very sad man . Warren 's expression be one of mild panic . have not he hear this somewhere before ? 109 warren ( affect a smile ) oh , no . I be fine . roberta catch some soup dribble down he chin and spoon it back into he mouth . roberta ( cont ’d ) do not lie to I . jeannie tell we all about you little panic attack last night . Warren open he mouth to speak but roberta pre-empt he with a mouthful of soup . roberta ( cont 'd ) and I do not blame you . it 's a perfectly natural reaction . in the beginning I have my own reservation . after all , as the veteran of two fail marriage , I have learn a lot about what work and do not work between two people . and know what I know , and have see the kid together much more than you have , I can tell you they be in very good shape . they have a very healthy relationship -- spiritually , emotionally and physically . I be not sure how much jeannie have really tell you about she relationship with randall -- I understand she be closer with she mother . but jeannie and I have grow very close . she confide in I . and , well , you already know how famously they get along as friend . but what you may not know be that they intimate life be positively white hot . Warren be not happy know this . roberta ( cont 'd ) the principal reason that both my marriage fail be physical . I be a extremely sexual person . I can not help it -- that 's just how I be wire . even when I be a little girl . most people find this hard to believe , but I have my first orgasm when I be six . in ballet class . more roberta ( cont 'd ) anyway , suffice it to say I have always be very easily arouse , and jeannie and I have a lot in common that way . the point be that neither cliff nor Larry could keep up with I . as much as I try to understand it and as much as I value the companionship , it become a insurmountable problem . now I do not want to betray jeannie 's confidence , but I can assure you that she and randall be not go to run into that kind of difficulty . they may have other problem along the 7 way , but they will always have they — ---- — _ — - sexual life - to - fall back on . more soup ? warren no , I think I be set . int . randall 's room - day Warren be on he foot , awkwardly try to slip he second arm into he dress shirt , a excruciate task . the door open , and roberta come in . she be now very nicely dress for the rehearsal . roberta how be we do ? unable to turn he head , Warren grotesquely pivot he entire body in order to see roberta . warren just dandy . a couple more advil should do the trick . Warren now raise he chin in order to lift he collar and have a hideously painful reaction . roberta I think you need something a little stronger . give I a second . while she be go , Warren continue the process of try to put he tie on . the wide end wind up much longer than the skinny end , but Warren make the decision to let it go . roberta come back in with a prescription bottle . ill roberta I have this leave over from ny hysterectomy . they have expire , but I be sure they be okay . warren what be it ? roberta raise the glass hang around she neck and examine the label . roberta percodan . I guarantee you , within a half - hour , you 'il be on cloud nine . ext . first UNITED methodist church of christ - night a fine neighborhood church . int . first UNITED methodist church of christ - mniget the rehearsal -- both family and the bridesmaids and groomsmen . close on warren -- he be blissful . the world be beautiful . sure , he pupil be dilate , he mouth be dry , and he lick he lip compulsively , but what the hell . reverend kresge follow the procession , the bridesmaid will stand on this leave side here , pretty much along where the candle be , and the groomsman will stand over here . just be sure to leave enough space so the bride and groom do not feel crowded . they need to have a little room to maneuver . and the bride 's father , mister , uh , Schmidt will take he seat right there in the front row . mister Schmidt ? warren hmmmh ? reverend kresge Mr. Schmidt , you can take you seat now , right over there in the first row . 112 warren ( sort of to himself ) messerschmitt . you can call I messerschmitt . they use to call I messerschmitt at the frat house . yes sir . he crack up . reverend kresge yes . well , why do not you just have a seat right over there ? ext . the briarwood restaurant - wight a fancy tudor-style eatery . int . the briarwood restaurant ~ wiget the banquet room -- where the hertzel , the schmidt and other be seat to dinner . Larry be characteristically mid-toast . larry there be so much love in this room . so much love . and if I may say something on a personal note , I learn about love from my own parent , two extraordinary people who themselves be marry sixty - two year . they be here right here in this room with we tonight . I can feel they . hello , mom. hello , dad . I miss you . and I love you . but you teach I so much , and I be privileged to be able to pass along all I learn to my son and . during Larry 's speech , the camera dolly along a row of attentive guest , come to rest on Warren who be rolling he head around and around , in another world entirely . int . roberta 's oldsmobile ~- night roberta drive with a still dopey Warren beside she . roberta you seem to have come around pretty good there , Warren . you be a change man . 113 warren that stuff you give I -- wow . you have get to write the name of that down for I . that really do the trick . Boy , I tell you . roberta I know what will really get you out of the wood . as soon as we get home , I be go to turn on the hot tub , and you be go to take a nice long soak before bed . you will sleep like a baby , and tomorrow morning . you will be * good as new . . warren whatever you say , Dr. howzel . ext . roberta 's deck - wight Warren be marinate in the sink hot tub . the steam , the bubbles . a second - storey window open . roberta 's head pop out . roberta how do it feel ? warren oh , this be incredible . I have no idea . this be indescribable . roberta do not I tell you ? do not I tell you ? the window close . Warren lean he head back on the rim of the tub . then -- the patio door open , and roberta come flip -flopping out in she robe and sandal . roberta mind if I join you ? before Warren can respond , roberta step out of she sandal and drop she robe , revealing every bit of she glorious naked self -- she ample bosom , she full abdomen , she surgical scar , she thick gray bush . Warren experience a rush of sudden terror . roberta put one foot into the tub . 114 roberta ( a long exhale ) oooooooohhhhhh . hot , hot , hot . oh , that 's good . unsure where to look , Warren do he best while roberta slowly ease herself into the tub . finally , and with much archimedian displacement , roberta be up to she neck . roberta ( cont ’d ) that 's better . ohhhhhhh . Warren look around to see if there be any nearby hill he can run for . the roberta ( cont ’d ) what a night . I be very move . I mean , I have be so stress in the last few week that I would sort of lose sight of the fact that . my little boy be get marry . and so be you little girl . you think about it from the day they be bear , and now it 's here . it 's a miracle . warren yeah , it 's pretty amazing all right . roberta do you have fun ? warren well , jeannie and randall seem to have some very nice friend out here . roberta yes , they do . I just wish Larry would learn not to say everything that come into he brain . he have no filter . and it 's get worse since he 's be with saundra . they sit in silence a moment . roberta ( cont 'd ) that 's what I like about you , Warren . you do not waste word . you speak when you have something to say . that 's very attractive in a man . warren thank you . 115 roberta just think . after tomorrow we nre all go to be one big family . and of course , I be go to insist that you consider this you second home . I will set a place for you at the table for Thanksgiving and Christmas , and I will not take no for a answer . and I do not know if jeannie have tell you about this , but we do not give traditional gift at Christmas . we make they . it can be a painting or a poem or a song . we be a very creative family . one year randall .e make a spoon rack for my spoon collection . and it go without say that you ’ll~have to come with we to we time - share up in breckinridge . warren I do not ski . roberta that 's perfect ! neither do i. it all just be you and I while the kid be on the slope . underwater <-~ roberta 's hand travel through the bubbles and come to rest on Warren 's knee . warren can barely suppress he panic . roberta ( cont 'd ) here we be -- a divorcée and a widower . sound like a perfect match to I . Warren suddenly get up and step out of the tub . roberta ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? Warren find he towel , he trunk cling sadly to he body . warren I need to get to bed . roberta ( genuinely puzzle ) just like that ? come on , we be have such a nice talk ! 116 warren I be all tuckere out . goodnight , roberta . thanks for everything . Warren turn to go inside . ext . roberta's STREET - wight still in he trunk and wrap in a towel , Warren walk barefoot across roberta 's front lawn toward the bounder . int . bounder - hight - the door open , and Warren climb up , lock the door behind hin . he be not tuckere out , as he tell roberta . he be wide awake . he pull a little 8 - ounce can of V - 8 out of he mini-fridge and try to open the irritate peel - off top . in the little bedr - he get under the cover . from overhead -- Warren lie awake , he eye wide open . camera descend until we be very close on he face . sleep be out of the question . word drift into he thought -- roberta it all just be you and I while the kid be on the slope . randall well , if you have stick with it a little longer , you would have see result . guaranteed . jeannie so you go for the second cheapest casket . the second cheapest casket — the second cheapest casket . randall after all , you spend the first nine month of you life in water . roberta most people find this hard to believe , but I have my first orgasm when I be six . 117 at the little sink -- Warren douse he face with water . he then back up and sit on '' the little sofa bed . it 's all just too much . musiic -- pachelbel kanon in D play on a flute and piano . int . first UNITED methodist church of christ a musical duo -- . they play be so delicate , so ethereal , so lame . the wedding procession -- - day ~- randall wait expectantly by the minister . instead of he usual pony -tail , he now wear he hair loose to mark this once - in - a-lifetime occasion . -- roberta walk solo , nodd broadly to people as she go . roberta have choose a African floral theme today . and a unfortunate hat . -- Larry walk with saundra . saundra be unsteady on she heel . Larry have a huge grin on he shiny face . -- finally everyone stand as the wedding MARCH commence . walk jeannie down the aisle . she be nervous and excited and wear too much make -up . Warren have deep , deep circle under he eye , and he neck be still very stiff . Warren we follow they all the way until Warren lift she veil and kiss she cheek . jeannie then take randall 's hand as they find they place before God . Warren take he seat in the front row . dissolve montage -- a series of impression from the wedding . intercut with Warren 's face , it become a mish -mash , the way Warren be experience it . -- a bridesmaid at the lectern read from St. Paul 's letter to the corinthian . bridesmaid Love be patient and be kind ; love do not envy . Love bear all thing , believe all thing , hope all thing , endure all thing ~- randall read he own vow . 118 randall ~ and I shall love you every day of my life . and when I say every day , I mean every day . and when I say '' day , '' I mean all 24 hour , all 1440 minute , all 86,400 second . I will use every moment to show my love , wipe away you tear , share you laughter — -- the soloist sing a reverent arrangement of a familiar song . soloist cherish be the word I use to * describe . and there be so many way I wish that I could hold you . and there be so many way I wish that I 7 could love you ... -- the minister minister . minister and do you , randall gerard , take Jeanne osmond to be you lawful wedd wife ? minister ( simultaneously ) do you , Jeanne osmond , take randall gerard to be you lawful wedd husband ..? -- randall and jeannie . randall I do . jeannie ( simultaneously ) I do . now all the super-imposed image fade away , leave only warren , as behind he the wedding guest applaud . Fighting he feel of overwhelming emptiness , he finally applaud too . ext . holiday inw - day the sign -board read , '' congratulation hertzel -- jeannie and randall '' lig int . holiday inn banquet room - day a champagne flute -- as a finger tap it . wide -- Warren be gesture to a waiter . warren ( mouth ) could I have some more ? Warren be already quite drunk and be not pay much attention to the toast be give at the deejay booth by best man dennis . he be nervous about he own upcoming toast , and he be making note on a napkin . dennis but jeannie , I just have to share one last thing . I gotta tell you what randall tell I the morning after you first night , you know , that night you guy meet at corky 's brewhouse . larry lean over and tap Warren 's shoulder . larry you be on deck . warren buh ? larry you be on deck . you be up next . Warren just nod , clearly very nervous . larry ( cont ’d ) just say what 's in you heart , Warren . that 's what I do . say exactly what 's in you heart . Warren ponder this . . warren yeah . that 's what I be go to do . that 's exactly what I be go to do . dennis continue he toast . 120 dennis he call I up , and I could tell there be something different in he voice . remember , Randy ? you call I and you say , '' Dennis . I meet this girl and , well , this be go to sound pretty weird come from I ( pause for effect ) ~ but this be one chick I might actually want to see again . '' General know laughter . jeannie mock -slap randall 's shoulder . __—s_s_.sédennis ( cont 'd ) but seriously . it be not a couple week later when we be out drink and , scout 's honor , we be talk about this and that and suddenly he turn to I and he go , '' Dennis , I think I might be in love . '' a general '' awwwwwww . '' Warren remain impassive . dennis ( cont ’d ) and then he tell I a bunch of other stuff I be not quite at liberty to go into . but what I notice in he voice that morning almost two and half year ago have be confirm here today . you guy be just a great couple , and you guy really help I out with that thing a couple month ago , and I will never forget it . I love you guy . and I drink to you . ( loudly , the amp distorting ) randall and jeannie forever ! he raise he glass and drink . all join in and tap they silverware on they glass until randall and jeannie smooch . Warren be nauseate by this and , emboldene by the resolve to speak he mind , he crumple the napkin with he note and cast it aside . dennis ( cont ’d ) and now I have like to turn thing over to the proud father of the bride , Warren Schmidt . amid much applause , Warren hesitantly stand and walk to the microphone . he look down , gather he thought . there be expectation in the air . finally -- 121 warren I do not get much sleep last night . in fact , I do not get any sleep at all . so forgive I if I 'ma little . foggy . he look over at -~ jeannie and randall , he daughter and he new son-in - law . they look back at he , anxiously await he benediction . jeannie warren search he soul for the right word . ° warren ( cont 'd ) ~~ 7 -— I be awake all night , think about thing , think about a lot of thing . but I guess I should have be think more about what I be go to say here today . scatter , uncomfortable laughter . but Warren do not laugh along with they . he be serious . warren ( cont 'd ) I be think about jeannie when she be a little girl and about how sweet she be , how she be everything to helen and I . and I be think about how sad I be when she move to Boulder . of course I support she decision to go to college , but I guess somehow in the back of my mind I always think she would land back in omaha . with she mother and I . but it do not work out that way . people go they own way in life . and there 's nothing you can do about it . Warren realize he 's rambling and try to focus . that note he be make sure would be handy . he glance over at where he be sit , only to see a waiter clear the table . the speech that follow be so force that it 's painful to watch , like a special Olympic version of a wedding toast . warren ( cont 'd ) but , you know , today be a special day . we be here to mark a crossroad in the life of two people , a crossroad where they come together and now walk along a new road . more 122 warren ( cont 'd ) it 's not the same road they be each on at the beginning . it 's a new road . a wonderful new road . it 's a road that , um . he stare at a spot on the floor . his body be completely heavy . warren ( cont 'd ) as many of you know , I lose my wife recently , and jeannie lose she mother . helen and I be marry forty - two year . she die very suddenly . I know we all wish she could be with we today , and I think it would be appropriate to .* acknowledge just how pleased she be that jeannie have find someone to share she life with , a companion , a partner . ( the word taste of metal ) from what I have see , jeannie , I be betting you and randall will have as happy a marriage as helen and I do . I recall the day jeannie first tell we she have be propose to . we have not yet meet this randall fellow , so we be understandably a little suspicious . later she bring he home for Christmas so we could get a look at he . I remember there be a big snowstorm . randall here help I shovel off the front walk . he pitch right in . randall beam and nod and jokingly flexe a muscle for the benefit of the crowd . warren ( cont ’d ) but that bring I to what I really want to say . what I want to say be that , uh . thank you to you , randall , for take such good care of my daughter , especially recently with we loss . ever since I arrive here on Thursday afternoon , just two day ago , I have so enjoy get to know jeannie 's new family here in Denver . more 123 warren ( cont 'd ) ( finally on a roll ) roberta , thank you for you generosity , for open you home . you talent in the kitchen . Larry , you eloquence . saundra , you skill at handicraft be truly remarkable -- that item you show I be so very , very artistic . Duncan , I have not get to know you very well , but I could tell from we brief conversation Thursday night that you be a very thoughtful young man . and everybody else . terrific people . ( he 's almost there . ) : in conclusion , - I just want to say that on this special day , this very special occasion , I am. proud . everyone be a little unsure about the moment . be that it ? then -- larry ( raise he glass ) hear , hear ! now everyone know what to do . all raise they glass and drink . then the ringing of silverware on glass . jeannie and randall kiss again to the delight of the crowd . Warren make a run for the bathroom . int . HOTEL bathroom - wight Warren rush into the bathroom and head for the urinal . on warren 's face -- as he begin a seemingly endless pee , one hand on the wall for support . a range of emotion -- from grief to relief -- cross he face . int . HOTEL ballroom - night Warren and jeannie be dancing arm - in - arm to a lovely slow tune . jeannie I can not believe everything work out so well . warren yep , I have say you really pull it off . I be proud of you . 124 jeannie thanks for understanding about the money . I know it be more than you expect . warren I just want you to be happy . that 's all I have ever want . she lean she head on daddy 's shoulder . randall saunter up and tap Warren on the back , make a gesture of cut in . randall . May ? warren be my guest . Warren wander off the dance floor . he take a seat a empty table and watch he daughter dance . warren ( vo ) dear ngudu , you will be glad to know jeannie 's wedding come off without a hitch . it be a first - class affair all the way . right now she and randall be on they way to sunny Hawaii , on my nickel of course . int . bounder - day Warren drive . warren ( vo cont ’d ) as for mar , I be on my way back to omaha . I be drive straight through this time , and I have only make one stop . that 's right -- I finally get to visit Pioneer Village . ext . pioreezer village front entrance - day Warren walk across the parking lot and through the front door . int . pioneer village museum area ~ day Warren wander among the myriad display of historical artifact , the sheer volume of object be staggering . 125 warren ( vo cont ’d ) you really have to see it to believe it . look at all that history and all that thing make by people long dead kind of get you think . ext . pioneer village - day pass a cover wagon , he stop at a sod house and pat the wall , impressed by its durability after all this year . warren ( vo cont 'd ) +e we be all pretty small in the big scheme of thing , and the most you can hope for be make some kind of difference . but what kind of a difference have I make ? what in the world be better because of I ? I have accomplish nothing . even my trip to Denver be insignificant compare to the journey other have take , to the hardship they endure , the bravery they show . int . / ext . bounder approaching omaha - day through the windshield we see a sign -- '' omaha next 11 exit . '' pan to Warren at the wheel . warren ( vo cont ’d ) when I be out in Denver I try to tell jeannie that I think she be make a big mistake , but it just do not work . and now she 's marry to that guy , that imbecile . I 'ma coward . and I ’ma failure . there 's no get around it . int . schmidt house - day Warren open he front door , push extra hard because of the voluminous mail that have be push through the door . he put down a suitcase and stoops to collect the mail . warren ( vo cont 'd ) relatively soon I will die . maybe in twenty year , maybe tomorrow . it do not matter . once I be dead , and everyone who ever know I die too , it will be as though I never exist . what difference have my life make to anyone ? my life have add up to nothing . 126 later -- in shot that echo that follow helen 's death , Warren walk alone through he house . somehow now its emptiness seem even vaster . warren ( vo cont ’d ) hope thing be fine with you . sincerely , Warren Schmidt . int . bedroom - day Warren set he suitcase down on the bed and take off he ' jacket . raaahh . but wait -~- something smell a little funny . not just funny , but bad . he follow he nose to the source of the smell and head toward -- int . bathroom - day Warren cringe at the rank smell of he own stale urine . he take a bath towel , soak it in water and kneel to begin scrubbing the carpet . int . study - day Warren throw the stack of mail on he desk and notice -- a letter that have travel a very long way . the stamp be odd and colorful . even the envelope be strange . it 's from tanzania . Warren open the letter and pull out two sheet of paper . he sit down and begin to read . 127 woman' voice ( os ) ( french accent ) dear Mr. Warren Schmidt , my name be sister nadine gautier of the order of the sister of the Sacred heart . I work in a small village near the town of mbeya in tanzania . one of the child I care for be little ngudu umbo , the boy you sponsor . ngudu be a very intelligent boy and very loving . he be a orphan . he recently need medical attention for a infect eye , but he be do better now . he love to eat melon , and he love to paint . * ngudu and I want you to know that he receive all of you letter . he hope that you be happy in - you life and healthy . he think of you every day , and he want very much you happiness . he be only six year old and cannot write , but he have make for you a painting . he hope that you will like it . your sincerely , sister nadine gautier Warren put down the letter and unfold the other piece of paper . there he find -- a child 's watercolor painting there 's a tree and a big smile sun and two stick figure people hold hand . it be beautiful and colorful -- a sweet , sweet child 's painting . warren look at ngudu 's painting and be flood with emotion . somehow this child 's simple act have unleash all of Warren 's complex , long suppress emotion , emotion he will never understand . breath shorten . tear come . his wife , he daughter , he emptiness , he loneliness , he grief , he entire misspent life . but then , out of he tear emerge a odd , uncontrollable smile . his the end