Rev. 04/29/87 ( Blue ) above the law screenplay by steven pressfield and ronald shusett and andrew davis Story by andrew davis and steven seagal final draft March 27 , 1987 warner bros . inc . '' 1987 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . inc . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved above the law fade in : 1 title sequence - montage with score photographic still show we nicola toscani as a city boy in various grow - up shot , circa 1950 's -- with street chum wear a Wyatt earp T-shirt , in a communion suit . then : in he first qi , a youngster study the martial art ; he grow , we see news clipping of he win trophy , he name on contest poster , shot of he in action . then : Japan . nico now in he teens , study with real master , be dumped on he butt , pose smile beside japanese martial artist , then himself as a instructor . now : a few military uniform enter the picture , we see security clearance document with nico 's picture and name on they . then nico near draft age with a american friend nelson fox on some kind of training base . title end . dissolve to : 2 ext . jungle - day blow through the roof of a dense jungle straight at camera , helicopter rotors rise to a deafening pitch . super : viet - cambodian border , 1972 . jungle foliage whip in the fierce downdraft as -- 3 " huey " gunship with US Army marking become discernible . the chopper lower toward a crude landing zone hack out of the wilderness . we glimpse cambodian troops and several machine gun position around the lz . 4 ext . jungle - two armed AMERICANS - day watch from the edge of the landing zone . we recognize nico and Fox , now in they twenty , dress in the nonmilitary jungle attire that usually mark a CIA " spook . " 5 helicopter touch down . three older AMERICANS -- rough -look , in they mid-thirty , all carry some kind of medical bag -- disembark into the howling rotor blast . they hit the ground nimbly , as if they have do it many time before . 6 leader of three wear a khaki cowboy hat and pack a pearl-handled .45 . 7 nico and fox do not know whether to react with laughter or uneasiness . 2 . fox you ever see chemical interrogation before ? nico 's eye stay on the approach " cowboy , " kurt zagon , for whom he plainly feel a instant animosity . nico this asshole be agency ? 8 nico's Pov follows the medical bag in the cowboy 's hand . 9 back to fox and nico fox we be all c.i.a . but this guy be from a page that be not on the map . 10 ext . jungle - late afternoon nico in the point , lead Fox and the three cit ( Chemical interrogation team ) man down a unmark , twist trail . we see from nico 's gait that he be athletic , a bear leader and totally at home in the jungle . 11 trail - late afternoon snake along a ridge line , high enough to give we a view and let we know this guy be way out in the boony . zagon how long till we be across the border ? nico we have be over for the past hour . the group continue along the ridge . CUT to : 12 ext . jungle - night the sky glow from nearby bomb attack . 13 nico listen hard -- and even sniff the air -- glance back at Zagon , who stand impatiently , draw on a cigarette . zagon what be you look at , hotshot ? nico ( indicate cigarette glow ) why do not you light a bonfire ? 3 . irritably , Zagon ditch he smoke . zagon just drive the taxi , ace . as the party move out , Fox flash nico a look as if to say , " do not fuck with this guy . " 14 ext . cambodian base camp - night a pocket- fortify position . armed cambodian lookout , several hooch , radio equipment . nico lead the party in through the perimeter . Zagon eye the layout like he 's see 100 of they . Fox indicate a hooch . fox ( to Zagon ) they be in there . the three cit man start for the hooch . nico cast a concerned glance around at the base camp troops , look sloppy as hell . nico I do not trust this yo - yo 's . 15 full shot - base camp we see nico move like a shadow from one defensive position to another , check the perimeter . we can vaguely hear he rousting the cambodian lookout , speak in dialect . 16 defensive position - nico hear a SOUND , look back toward the hooch . 17 nico be Pov - hooch two asian prisoner , stripped to the waist , babbling in - coherently , be drag out the back by a pair of cambodian guard and hustle off into the darkness . voice can be hear inside the hooch . a single lantern glow inside give the hut a creepy , frightening aspect . 18 back to nico he 's extremely uneasy about what 's about to happen inside the hooch . 19 int . hooch - close on rickety card table - night on which be spread a terrifying array of syringe , drug vial and surgical instrument . Zagon 's hand pick up a hypodermic , squirt - test it . 4 . 20 two asian prisoner be on they knee , shirtless , handcuff with heavy nylon tape to a stake drive into the ground in the center of the hooch . one of the subordinate cit man move in , grab the first prisoner by the shoulder . Zagon inject the first prisoner . instantly the man begin shiver , convulse . Zagon watch with professional satisfaction . zagon that 's the nice thing about modern technology . you do not have to wait for result . he move close to the first prisoner . zagon ( to first prisoner ) where be it , charley ? you get six ton of we shit -- the prisoner try to speak , but he 's in such torment all that come out be a blood-curdling wail -- 21 ext . bast camp - nico hear this horrifying cry . he start swiftly toward the hooch -- 22 int . hooch - interpreter have move as close to Zagon and the first prisoner as a fight referee to two boxer . the prisoner be convulse wildly . Zagon grab he fiercely by the hair . zagon do not you die on I , fucker -- fox ( from the side ) what the hell 's wrong ? zagon ( throw the prisoner down ) this pussy can not hold he liquor . the first prisoner be plainly in a death spasm . 23 nico enter at this point . he take in the scene quickly , move to a spot beside the entrance . Zagon do not look at nico , but it 's plain he be aware of nico 's presence . it be as if he want to prove something to this muscular kid -- and prove it to the other , too . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 5. 24 first prisoner die in agony on the ground . 25 second prisoner watch with eye like flint . he be in he mid-forty , scar , miss several finger . probably a colonel or higher , he look like he 's be fight this round - eye since the french in the 50' . he be plainly one tough customer . the second prisoner meet Zagon 's eye , as if dare he to use the drug on he , too . Zagon eye the prisoner with barely contain hatred . the prisoner do not back down a inch . zagon ( to second prisoner ) so my little doctor bag do not * scare you , eh ? well I do not need * it to open you yap . * Zagon reach to a scabbard on he western belt , pull out a fearsome serrate blade -- a cross between a bowie knife and a scalpel . he step toward the prisoner , display the blade in the lantern light . 26 nico watch impassively . zagon ( o.s. ) ( to prisoner ) where 's we load , you sack of slime ? what do you do with my shit ? -- 27 zagon punch the prisoner full in the face , hold the knife handle in he fist to double the force of the blow and to terrify he with the proximity of the blade . the prisoner crash sideways , face bloody -- zagon I be gonna teach you good . I be gonna teach you never to fuck with my opium -- 28 fox and two cit men seem to know exactly what this be about . 29 nico do not know , but the new kid on the block be catch on fast . nico have difficulty contain he emotion . Zagon stand over the prisoner , as if dare he to get back up . 6 . the prisoner get back to he knee , bloody eye meeting Zagon 's with defiance -- zagon ( to prisoner ) you be a hard nigger , be not you , boy ? you take it from the chink ... you take it from the french . you will be fuck if some yankee peckerwood 's gonna start you gum flap -- nico watch Zagon move the knife blade closer to the prisoner . zagon -- well , you be gonna chirp for I , tough guy . you be gonna sing like a choir -- nico take a step toward Zagon . nico what the fuck do this have to do with military intelligence ? zagon you order be ' assist and observe ' cherry -- Zagon turn to face nico -- fox ( to nico ) back off , partner -- Zagon turn from nico . he move close to the second prisoner , close as a lover , display the blade in the lamplight . zagon ( to second prisoner ) I be gonna start carve at you ankle . we will throw you foot in that box right over there . then I be gonna take off you arm -- one of the cit man yank the prisoner 's leg forward , clamping it to the ground with he hand . the prisoner still have not flinch . he seem as lock into this dance of death as Zagon . nico ( can not take much more ) Fox -- fox shut up , nico . 7 . zagon you can disappear as easy as this slope , kid -- Zagon start for the prisoner . here come the blade . suddenly -- nico grab Zagon 's shoulder . Zagon spin with terrifying quickness , cock the blade to slash at nico . before Zagon 's blow even start , nico slam he with a ferocious elbow shot right under the jaw . Zagon literally come off the ground , nico 's blow be so terrific . Zagon drop in a unconscious heap . in a flash the two other cit man move to jump nico . smash ! the second cit man be swallow he tooth . Fox leap in the way of the third , shove nico out of the hooch -- 30 ext . hooch - night Fox wrestle nico away from the hooch -- fox be you crazy ?!! ( as nico jerk free ) what the fuck 's the matter with you ?!!! nico be shaking with rage and fear . he take several step away from the hooch , then draw up abruptly . nico pull he .45 from he holster , pop the safety , start back for the hooch -- fox nico ! nico I do not cap he now , he 's gonna do I later . the last cit man appear , gun draw , in the hooch doorway . Fox grab nico , haul he back again -- fox I will cover this . get back to the l.z. -- ( as nico resist ) -- I will fix it ! get out ! get the fuck outa here ! the cit man call out to the cambodian troops , in dialect , point at nico . the soldier start toward nico , as if to seize he . Fox , too , start yell to the troops in dialect , apparently countermand the order of the cit man . the troops , confuse , hold up for a moment . fox ( to nico ) I will call for a chopper ... get outa here ! above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 8. nico give a last look , turn and take off down the jungle trail . Fox seem abandon . the distant bombing continue . nico disappear into the darkness . fade to black . fade in on : 31 church steeple - day tilt down to reveal St. Elizabeth 's , a huge parish church in a italian / latino neighborhood in Chicago . the church look festive , we see a few formally - dress people hurry in , then a squad car pull up . the cop run upstairs as if they be late -- 32 int . ST . mary - day a baptism in progress . nico -- 15 year older than when we last see he , be stand beside SARA , he lovely wife * -- watch a 60 - ish priest , father genarro , finish the final ritual on nico 's infant son Julian . the priest straighten the baby 's baptismal garment , tug the cloth around the little fellow 's crotch . smile from friend and relative cluster proudly around . several cop , some in uniform be amongst they . nico grab he son from genarro with a theatrical protective motion , tug up the little boy 's garment , kiss he smack on the bare butt . laughter from all as nico hold the lad high and proud . he put he arm around Sara . * 33 ext . nico's house - back yard - day huge trays of italian delicacy be carry out into the sunlight by several " old country " - type woman . wine be pour from generous carafe . Friends and relative be everywhere , laugh and enjoy themselves ; apparently the party have come here straight from the church . present for the new baby be be open by nico 's wife , Sara , * and nico 's mother , rosa . SARA * mama , look at this -- all do by hand . Sara lift a cute baby outfit . * rosa nico have one just like this . thank you , cora . cora , a aunt , proudly smile . 34 nico holding the baby . realize that he little son have poope in he pants . he turn for help to Sara . * above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 9. nico I think we get a little problem here . SARA * ( winking at the woman ) I carry he for the last nine month , you take he for the next diaper . assorted uncle and aunt watch with amusement as nico try awkwardly to deal with the problem . nico ( to all ) that 's what you get for not marrying a sicilian . Sara let nico struggle a moment , then take over . * SARA * my brave husband . he 's not afraid of thief and mugger , but he 's terrify when he son poop in he pants . toscani relative look on with approval at the happy couple and they baby . 35 another part of back yard Three Chicago cop , lukich and henderson in plain clothes and lieutenant strozah in uniform wolf some italian goody while eying the group of celebrate relative . lukich ( indicate nico across the patio ) toscani hold the record ... for havin ' more relative under federal indictment than any other cop in Chicago . 36 two of nico's uncle branca and luigi , who look like they have be on the other side of a cop 's work , be in turn eying lukich and Henderson -- plus a cluster of other cop in civvy hover around the buffet table like vulture . branca look at this stiff dick . a free meal and they come out like fly . 37 STREET outside nico's house - day a unmark police car pull up . dolore jackson ( " jax " ) , another undercover cop , tall , black , and elegant , enter the driveway lead to nico 's back yard -- above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 10 . 38 back yard Jackson enter . she 's impeccably dress and radiate intelligence . she 's greet warmly by lukich , Henderson , strozah , and a couple of other cop . strozah I do not do nothing , counselor . I be clean . jackson eight more day , Lieutenant . you better start prepare you defense . henderson baby , I be gonna put you on retainer . lukich you pass the bar ? I make it a point never to pass the bar . Jackson see nico and Sara across the yard , wave and * start toward they -- 39 back to branca and luigi luigi indicate Jackson as she cross the patio . luigi now this cop . she can bust I any day . 40 nick , SARA and rosa ( nico's mother ) * Jackson come up , make a theatrical appreciation of nico 's stylish attire , kiss Sara and greet nico 's mom warmly . * she start ooh and ahhing over the baby . 41 various shot Young kid play on the lawn , more guest arrive , Father genarro dance with a elderly matron . we see that nico 's friend be a electric mix . cop , art -y type , people of varied age and profession . 42 back to jackson holding the baby . jackson look at this little bundle . what a cupcake ! nico you give up be the d.a. and hurry up and find the right fella , jax . you might have time for one of this yourself . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 10a . SARA * nico , will you let the woman catch she breath ? 43 japanese woman ( dr . watanabe ) * move in shyly on the fringe of the cluster . while Jackson and Sara continue they " mom " talk , nico edge off toward * watanabe , shaking she hand with real pleasure . * nico watanabe ! say hey , Doc . they begin jabber in japanese . we will meet watanabe again later . she 's a brainy - look * woman -- reserve , a bit mysterious -- who talk quietly and * intensely in japanese with nico like they be old friend who go back a long way . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 11 . * 44 ext . toscani front porch - later branca , luigi and several other toscani patriarch smoke cigar and sip beer in a cluster . nico hold Julian . branca you be a father now . be you gonna take I up on my offer ? nico I be happy , branca . I like what I do . branca glance seriously to the other uncle , then , with a smile , pat nico 's cheek . branca look at this face ! six-foot-four , pretty as the statue of David . and he 's a cop ! branca laugh . from a distance , watanabe watch , miss nothing . across the porch , lukich and several other cop observe and try to listen . branca this face should be stick up from a white shirt . it should be a banker , a businessman , someone who earn a decent live for he family ! nico we be happy . luigi nickel and dime . you wife 's a woman with class . what do she run -- a ballet school ...? nico a art gallery . branca same thing . she want a husband who carry a briefcase , not a shoulder holster . Jackson watch nico try to keep he good humor . this be serious stuff , despite the light tone . branca 's eye meet nico 's . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 12. branca you want to get shot , you get shot . you want to get knife , you get knife . you have have you fun . basta ! enough ! uncle guiseppe let you family help you , nico . nico ( lightly ) uncle gio , that kind of help I do not need . I would rather get shot by someone I do not know . Jackson and lukich crack up . the other follow . for the moment , the tension be dispell . 45 int . nico's house - upstair - day nico come out of the bedroom , adjust he shoulder holster , tug he jacket over it . he see he mother stand near the head of the stair , just outside another bedroom door . concern on she face . nico what be you do in here , mama ? go join the party ... nico come down the hall , tucking in he shirt -- stop to give he mother a squeeze . o.s. from the bedroom : the sound of quiet sobbing . nico glance in . 46 int . nursery - day * Sara and another woman sit on the bed , comforting a 60 - ish * grandmother Zingaro , who be cry . nico come in . he kneel before mrs . zingaro , concerned . nico Mrs. Z. ( try to be light ) be this a way to act on the day of my son 's baptism ? the poor woman can not meet nico 's eye . SARA * it 's Lucy . she 's go again . nico glance from Sara to Rosa . * Mrs. Zingaro shake she head , choke with pain . nico hold she , look over she shoulder toward Sara . * nico it 's that kid from the bar on damen ? the one with the drug ? above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 13. Sara do not know . nico do . he comfort Mrs. Zingaro * another moment , then stand . nico listen to I , Mrs. Z . be you listen ? ( as the woman nod miserably ) I have to go to work now . but I will come by tonight . you will be at the bakery ? mrs . zingaro Si , nico . nico we will talk , okay ? we will find a way to take care of this . nico kiss Mrs. Z. he take Sara 's hand in goodbye , * start for the door . 47 ext . nico's house - day festivities still in progress . nico pass through , nodd , thanking people for come , take farewell . Jackson wait for he , glance at she watch . 48 int . unmarked car - moving nico be drive . Jackson check in on the radio . jackson ( into mike ) unit ten tango x-ray . we be up and clear . 49 ext . various street - unmarked car move into the central city . 50 Pov through car window - street - moving bad-look hombre on stoops , street corner . nico ( o.s. ) I promise the Lieutenant , I be gonna take care of you . Broken window and lose kitten for you last week . widen shot to include nico and Jackson . jackson and then you be gonna come visit I in a nice , clean , air condition office -- above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 14 . 51 ext . STREET - buckshot' liquors - day * the unmark car pull up outside a liquor store and bar . 52 int . unmarked car as it park . Jackson give nico a look : " what be we stop at this dive for " ? nico I gotta take a quick leak . stay put . he get out of the car , start for the bar . 53 int . buckshot' liquors - day * dim , smoke - choke , dangerous character at the bar . nico enter . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 15 . his silk shirt and sport coat clash with the druggy , work - class attire of the bar 's denizen . hard face check he out subtly , ignore he . nico approach the bartender , show a photograph . the bartender ( bad dude ) shake he head . bad dude * why the fuck do not you asshole * leave I alone ? * he continue mouth off to nico . nico move to one stool , * then another ; the same exchange be repeat . 54 favor one particularly tough customer * a hulk bruiser with a earring . he watch as -- 55 nico approach he . Three army jacket look up sullenly . beefy arm , tattoo , greasy mustaches . nico gentlemen . one jacket treat he like he do not exist , and begin to pick he nose . first army jacket ( to other ) I think this be a kosher bar . they do not allow no pork in here . the two other snicker , then so do the rest of the bar . nico hold out a photo of a young girl ( Lucy ) . nico you see this girl ? second army jacket I see the top of she head . nico that 's witty . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 15a . nico take a step away , as if move on to the next stool . from behind the bar , the bartender swing a * saw - off baseball bat into view . other body move * ominously toward nico . suddenly he spin and , in a move * almost too quick to see , he kick the entire stool right out of its floor socket . beer bottle fly , body crash . nico slam the first jacket in the face so hard it look like he nose have explode . blood spray onto nico 's silk shirt . he haul the second jacket upright , nail he with a shot that crush three rib . a savage elbow blast the third , head over heel , out over the bar and careen into the sink . in three second 600 pound of fat have be put in cold storage . the rest of the bar be on its foot . four huge man confront nico . now five . six. Seven . nico 's jacket and shirt be rip , blood spat - tere ; he eye be like a animal 's , dare the man -- nico come on . show I something . no one move . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 16 . * nico I get it . it 's a gay bar . be that it ? the man , lead by the bad dude , be shifting to surround nico . but no one attack . nico have Lucy 's photo in he hand . he jam it in one man 's face , then another 's , slap - ping each one violently , spitting , raging for they to attack . nico you see the top of she head , huh ? like I see you mother 's -- ( to another guy ) or be it yours ? ( to a third ) or yours ? ( slap he fero - ciously ) I could not tell , it look like she ass -- nico rage like a beast . nico come on , motherfucker . do it . do it ! one man -- nico lunge for the bad dude , grab he like he 's about to tear he face off -- bad dude upstair ! ( in terror ) she 's upstairs ! 4 - d! nico drag the dude from behind the bar . holding he , nico turn , glower , to all . nico you cocksucker be brave enough with 14 - year - old girl . 55a int . flophouse hallway nico throw bad dude down the hallway in front of he . 56 int . fourth-floor apartment - day the door burst in from a jackhammer kick . nico stand in the hallway . bad dude stand next to he ; hurt , shaking . nico ( to bad dude ) get outta here . we look in the apartment . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 16a . reverse - nico's Pov * a young pimp -- quite handsome in a boyish way -- stare up in panic from a grimy mattress on the floor . Little lucy be in bra and panty , strung out , 14 and beautiful . syringe and free-base paraphernalia be on a table . nico in doorway * nico ( to pimp ) this be not you day , kid . nico come in , eye take in everything . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 17 . pimp wait , man . it be not like it look -- nico grab the pimp by the scruff of the neck , lift he bodily . Lucy start wail in horror . nico smashes the pimp 's face down into a mirror with white powder on the table -- nico that 's two year . he jerk the pimp back , rip open a drawer . more pill and glacene bag . nico that 's four . ( twist the pimp 's neck toward Lucy ) she will get you eight more . and I be just warming up -- Lucy be cry hysterically . nico fling the pimp , face * bloody , toward the open door . * pimp ( to nico , indicat - ing drug ) take it , baby . it 's all yours -- nico get you clothes on , Lucy . pimp there 's money . Three grand in the mattress ... ( begging ) ... I can get ya more -- quick cutaway to : 57 ext . STREET outside - jackson Three young stud have amble to the window of she park car . stud hey , sister , what it be ? with infinite boredom , Jackson lift she badge -- and gun . the stud shuffle away . 58 int . hallway - day other tenant stare from doorway as nico drag the pimp * to the top of the flight of stair , threaten to throw * he down . * above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 17a . nico * do not you fuckin ' move . * nico step back into the apartment , haul out Lucy in * a dress gown . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 18. 59 top of landing * the pimp be daze , bloody . nico come down with Lucy , haul the pimp to he foot -- lucy let he alone ! he 's beautiful ! nico not when I get through with he . nico lift the pimp by the throat , pin he to the wall . pimp no , man , wait ! I will give you something ! something big ! lucy please , nico ! do not ! pimp it 's huge ! I swear it ! a shipment ... come in next Tuesday -- nico shipment , my ass . pimp this be square ! on my mother 's soul ! you can not send I up -- nico glance to Lucy . half of he want to tear the pimp apart , the other half do not want to make the poor girl 's life any more tragic . besides , he 's a good cop -- and maybe this " shipment " be on the level . pimp I hear it from a hooker friend of mine . she 's bang some big coke lawyer , he tell she . I swear to Jesus ! nico relent -- a little . nico what lawyer ? pimp I do not know . ( see nico do not believe he ) that platinum chola ... carla decarlo ... she know . nico tighten he grip on the pimp 's throat . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 19 . * pimp she get pop this afternoon . she 's downtown . Red dress , lizard shoe -- 60 ext . STREET outside bar - day Jackson look up from the car to see nico -- wild -haire , shirt rip and bloody -- emerge from the adjacent apartment stoop , lead young Lucy , who 's tear - streak , wear a tear dress gown . instantly , Jackson be out of the car , move to Lucy . jackson it 's okay , girl . mama jax be here . she wrap a arm around Lucy , help she toward the car . jackson ( to nico ) that be some leak you take . from the door of the bar , several bloody head peek . jackson Broken window and lose pussy cat , huh . Jackson check out she batter partner . jackson you be one crazy bastard , toscani . nico open the rear door , help Jackson ease Lucy in . nico we will get she some clothes and a bath . I be not bring she home to she grandmother like this . dissolve to : 61 omitted &amp ; 62 63 ext . zingaro bakery - day from the front seat of nico 's car emerge a tearful Lucy , in fresh clothes and look miserably contrite . nico walk she inside . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 20 . * the Zingaro family be busy prepare for the night 's baking . grandpa and grandma Zingaro leave they work and receive they waif - like granddaughter . with eye water they thank nico . they disappear upstairs with Lucy . Jackson , stand in the doorway , have see all this . 64 int . unmarked car - moving - day nico at the wheel have just pull away from the bakery . Jackson , in the passenger seat , study she partner for a few moment , shaking she head at the contradiction in this man . educate , classy , a elegant dresser -- yet underneath a out - and - out wild man . jackson I do not get you , toscani . ( beat ) what the hell be you do be a shitheel cop ? with you background ? for a long moment nico say nothing . then , quietly , look - ing straight ahead : nico when I be overseas , I see some thing . thing that eat you gut out . thing that stay in front of you eye like they be burn in and brand . he turn to Jackson . nico you can walk away from they , jax . you can quit , but you know it 's still go on . you try something anyway -- ( smile a moment ) -- I know I be not go to change the world . I can not stop the tonnage come in , I can not fight the boy behind the desk push they button -- angle including mean street outside nico but maybe here , huh ? ( indicate street ) maybe in my own city , my own neighborhood , on my own block -- maybe here I can do something . he turn a corner . nico that 's why I be a shitheel cop . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 20a . * 64a int . police station - day behind the desk , a few detective man the phone . a Latin attorney , abandano , be at the counter . cop ( o.s. ) you can see you client . as soon as she 's through eat she dinner . 65 int . police lockup - " cage " and hallway - evening hooker , female addict , etc. in the downtown " cage . " nico have the girl in the red dress and lizard shoe ( carla decarlo ) out in the hallway adjacent to the lock - up . nico be Mr. charm , offer she a heart - shape box of chocolate . nico carla ... carla -- I just want the name of you boyfriend -- carla I get 200 boyfriend . the hooker , carla decarlo , slap the box away , cursing in Spanish . 21 . carla pinchi cabron , cabeza colon ! some of the chocolate tumble onto the lockup floor , the detainee snap they up , start munch . the girl con - tinue to spit curse at nico , gesture with she hand with Latin flamboyance . nico grab she by the elbow , as a jailer open the lockup door . more curse be be flung at nico from various female in the cage . nico heave carla in among they . carla flop down on a bench next to a tall black hooker . move in on the black hooker . it 's nico 's partner , Jackson , dolled up like a street - walker , play she undercover role to the hilt . jackson ( to nico ) why can not you son - a- bitch ever treat someone with a little respect ? nico ( walk away ) take it easy , sister . jackson I be not you goddamn sister . we be not get the same mother , motherfucka . carla fire one final parting salvo of obscenity , then sag back among the woman . carla start to cry . Jackson comfort she ; carla respond , let herself be comfort . CUT to : 66 ext . downtown - financial district - day Jackson , back in she normal daytime wear , exit a building . she get into nico 's car . 67 int . car - day Jackson check she makeup in the rearview mirror . nico sit behind the wheel . the two be on some kind of stakeout . jackson the lawyer 's name be abandano . he 's on the third floor . I get a look at he . I could not get how he 's connect , but accord to carla , he 's a lousy lay . nico maybe we can bust he for that . Jackson spot something , gesture subtly out window -- above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 22. 68 ext . downtown build - day a short , slick -look Latin man in a business suit emerge from the building . jackson that 's we stud . nico and Jackson leave they car and follow he on foot . 69 ext . financial district - bank - day abandano meet a strike - look middle - age woman in front of a stately financial institution . they go in . Jackson remain out on the street , while nico follow the couple in . 70 later Jackson have be wait , sip some coffee . nico emerge from the bank , signal to he partner to follow he . abandano and the woman exit from the bank 's revol - ving door and immediately jump into a cab . nico and Jackson look at each other and step in front of another cab . nico open the cab door , flip he badge open , then ask the occupant to leave . Jackson get in the front seat next to the protest cabbie . 71 ext . federal build - day abandano and the woman be crossing the plaza as nico and Jackson run up the block . near the entrance to the Federal * Building , a small but vocal group of protestor be * gather , carry sign and chant slogan . the frus - * trate cabbie watch they in the background . 72 plaza Jackson and nico watch abandano and the woman pass the * crowd of demonstrator and enter the building . Jackson act * indifferent , almost frustrated ; nico keenly sense something . CUT to : 73 int . expensive restaurant ( " bogota " ) - day * the main dining room . no customer , just busboy readying table for the evening 's business . we notice one of the * busboy be the " pimp " nico find with Lucy . * 74 booth near back hallway the owner 's table . stack of dining check , a cashbox and calculator , full ashtray , wine glass . bautista salvano , a heavyset , swarthy venezuelan dress in a tux with the collar open , glower across the table at a mus - cular , scar - face Latin busboy -- the kind who look like he do more for he boss than clean up the table . the busboy ( nardo ) be nervous , apologetic -- above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 23. salvano ( piss off ) -- I bring you in for you muscle , nardo , not you mouth . nardo ( scared ) I be sorry , boss . salvano you English be get good ... you be show it off . show it off on the street -- nardo I keep quiet . I never talk no more -- salvano glower at nardo like he 's about to punch he . instead he reach over , playfully choke the busboy -- then release he , as if all be forgiven . salvano make yourself useful . ( indicate empty wine bottle on table ) get downstairs , bring I one of this . ( as nardo stand , start for back hallway ) then get back to work . 75 int . restaurant basement storeroom - late afternoon nardo enter at the top of the stair , radiating relief . he trot down into the empty basement , toward a floor - to - ceiling wine rack . nardo ( to himself ) I think I be dead , man . ( whistle with relief ) I think I be fuck dead . he cross to the wine rack . it 's dark , hard to see . he search for the bottle . suddenly : a metallic sound behind he . nardo turn -- chi chi testamente , a wiry , pock - face latino , stand in the shadow ( it be clear he have be wait there , hide ) -- hold a small silencer automatic . chi chi you be right , cabron . * above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 24 . one shot between the eye and nardo crash backward into the wine rack , eye wide with shock and bewilderment . chi chi shoot he again ; nardo drop like a stone . coolly , professionally , chi chi pump four more shot into the prone busboy 's head . chi chi eject the clip into he palm , unscrew the silencer , holster the gun . salvano appear at the top of the stair . two busboy be behind he . one of they be the young pimp . the busboy hurry * down , the pimp -- scared shitless but play it macho-cool . * salvano come down the stair . chi chi stand over he work . salvano ( to busboy ) clean up this mess . chi chi * who know who else be talk -- * salvano * he be a young fool . * 76 back in upstair dine room salvano and chi chi emerge from the basement step and walk toward they booth . chi chi we be crazy wait for this bullshit ' shipment . ' let I waste the other fucker now . salvano put a hand on chi chi 's shoulder . salvano be patient . this will be do the way it be plan . CUT to : 77 ext . body and fender shop - night rusting cyclone fence surround a mud- lot repair yard in a dingy industrial section . Young lation and black worker finish up for the night ; through the dirty , security - bar office window we can see chi chi talk on the phone . the lawyer , abandano , be also there . 78 ext . alley - rear of shop - night nico finish connect a small transmitter which have be hastily wire to the enter phone line . 79 int . unmarked car - night nico and Jackson in the shadow down the street from the body shop . nico wear earphone , a small tape recorder on the seat beside he . Jackson do not look happy . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 25 . jackson toscani , you be go to have I do time . nico lighten up , jax . no one 's bring this into court . jackson except against we . nico I do not give a shit how we do it . I just wanna get there . Jackson give nico a dirty look , but stifles she protest . jackson I think you say you be gonna protect I . cover my butt . be my guardian angel -- nico hear something through the earphone . gesture for silence -- 80 angle through office window chi chi listen with increase intensity to something on the phone . he start write it down -- 81 back to nico in unmark car . he 's write it down too . nico I get the shipment . * jackson what ? what 's he say ? nico ( scribbling furiously ) ' ... engine block have clear custom . serial number VA -748 . pick up Tuesday , 3 May as authorize . ' 82 ext . body shop - night chi chi emerge from the office , tucking a scrap of paper into he pocket . abandano follow . they get into a late-model lincoln which pull out onto the street . * 83 ext . STREET - night nico and Jackson 's car follow at a discreet distance . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 26 . nico ( v.o. ) unit ten tango x-ray . I need a vehicle registration i.d . police radio ( v.o. ) go ahead , please . nico ( v.o. ) ' 86 lincoln . Illinois 354 Dog ' 67 . * 84 int . unmarked car - moving - night Jackson pick up nico 's pad to take down the response . after a moment : police radio ( v.o. ) vehicle registration follow . leaseholder : Ramon testamente , register alien . Nation of origin : Venezuela . do you wish criminal record search ? nico ( into mike ) I want to know when he wipe he * behind . * 85 series of shot as nico and Jackson tail the lincoln out of the industrial zone into a fancier , non-latin neighborhood . on the sidewalk we glimpse theatergoer , fashionable white couple out on the town . 86 lincoln pull up to a valet park outside a ton-y restaurant . a sign say : " bogota . " * 87 int . unmarked car - moving nico and Jackson exchange a glance . jackson salvano ? nico jackpot . 88 ext . restaurant - night chi chi and abandano get out of they car , a valet take it , chi chi enter the restaurant . 89 int . salvano's restaurant - night nico and Jackson enter the main dining room , which we recognize from the scene with nardo the busboy . 27 . the place be pack with fashionable people of all race . a band play salsa ; couple dance . nico and Jackson pass easily as a hip " uptown " couple . a pretty Latin hostess approach they . hostess two for dinner ? nico two for drink . they elbow up to the pack bar , stand . nico squint toward the rear dining room . 90 nico be Pov - down bar look past numerous patron , we see chi chi whisper something to a waiter and take a seat at a rear table ( the same " owner 's table " where salvano sit before . ) the waiter hurry off into a back hallway . 91 nico and jackson - at bar Jackson move to the salsa beat . a barmaid approach . jackson gimme something stiff . I need it . barmaid who do not ? nico 's eye never leave chi chi . 92 rear dine room from the back hallway salvano emerge -- in he tux , look prosperous . he sit down beside chi chi and abandano . a waitress bring two drink . after a few word , chi chi remove the scrap of paper from he pocket , hand it to salvano . nico ( o.s. ) you will have you engine block next Tuesday , boss . 93 back to nico and jackson as the barmaid bring they drink . Jackson see she peaceful week to retirement fly out the window . jackson why could not it be a week from Tuesday ? I could read about it in the paper . nico grab she waist , pull she onto the dance floor , and do a playful twirl . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 28. nico cheer up , partner . I be gonna make you famous . 94 ext . wholesale meat area - day * track spur , greasy street , park fork lift . 94a ext . roof - day * Lieutenant strozah survey the street traffic . * 95 nico , jackson and lukich the two man , dress as meat processor in hard hat and bloody white coat , rake cattle gut under the eave of a pack plant . Jackson , dress like a USDA Inspector and * carry a clipboard , inspect a few hang carcass . jackson you miss a few spot , boy . lukich I be takin ' it home t'a make kilbasa , boss . luke cast a impatient glance across the street to a lot with four park meat truck . we glimpse two " trucker " keep low in the shadow of one cab . down the block a seemingly empty pickup truck be park in a alley . lukich this be not a bust -- it 's a convention . nico do not you like company , luke ? ( sarcastic ) we get all the scout here -- drug enforcement Agency , the alcohol , tobacco and firearm -- walkie - talkie ( v.o. ) keep this channel clear , toscani . we realize nico , Jackson and lukich be wire , with mike out of sight under they coat . nico glance to the pick - up , near to which three man can be spot in the alley . apparently one of they be the walkie-talkie voice . nico ( into mike ) this be we channel , dickhead . and we collar . another walkie - talkie ( v.o. ) that 's enough , all of you ! keep this channel clear . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 28a . 96 angle on meat plant - day nothing happen . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 29 . 97 another angle Dead as hell . 98 nico , lukich and jackson bore , piss off , tired . suddenly : 99 batter van with two men emerge from a corner , two block down . it start slowly this way . 1st walkie - talkie ( v.o. ) all right . everyone get they head outa they ass . the meat truck man duck down out of sight , the pickup man back into the shadow . nico and lukich keep rake cow gut . the van pass slowly , check out the area . jackson ( sarcastic ) '... and so I quit the police department ... get myself a steady job -- ' the van accelerate slightly , turn a corner , vanish . silence . lukich * they spot I . I be too good - look to be a meat slopper . * 1st walkie - talkie ( v.o. ) will you hot dog shut up ? the van return . on a cross street . head behind the pack plant . nico * ( to lukich ) * you be too ugly . now a second car appear . the lincoln . behind it be a ancient station wagon . both vehicle take a different cross street , but both head behind the pack plant . nico ( into hide mike ) here we go , boy and girl -- ( to Jackson ) you stay put . * as soon as the two vehicle pass out of sight , nico and lukich ditch they rake , dart into the pack plant . the meat truck man start they truck . 30 . the pickup man board they vehicle -- Jackson follow nico and luke -- but at a safe distance . 100 int . packing plant - day nico and lukich sprint in a crouch past the blood runoff , meat cut table -- 101 nico be Pov - running through the window at the rear of the plant , we see the station wagon and the van , pull up swiftly beside one another , man get out -- 102 int . plant nico and lukich draw they gun , run full - tilt . nico ( into hide miki ) it 's go down now . move ! 103 ext . rear of packing plant - day the station wagon man heave they rear door open , the van man start to open they side door . the lincoln be stop at a distance . suddenly -- 104 nico and lukich burst from the rear door of the pack plant , gun draw . lukich Police ! 105 quick cut - van and station wagon men grab for they weapon -- 106 cop in meat truck and pickup come highball around both side of the pack plant -- 107 van and station wagon men OPEN FIRE . there be confusion and mayhem ; it 's not clear who 's a cop and who 's a criminal . 108 nico and lukich dive for cover , returning FIRE . the dea man in one truck also OPEN up . one of the van man be hit between the eye . machine gun FIRE rake the dea truck ; it spin out of control ; flip . lukich shoot the machine - gunner . lukich ( shout ; point ) nico ! the lincoln ! 31 . 109 lincoln start to peel out . we glimpse chi chi in the driver 's seat , salvano on the passenger side . 110 nico step in front of the accelerate lincoln , raise he .45 . 111 int . lincoln - day salvano and chi chi dive below the dash and continue forward . salvano , in the passenger seat , raise he gun ; fire blindly -- try to hit nico . 112 ext . lincoln - day nico unload he .45 into the windshield and the firewall . the lincoln keep come down the narrow alley . 113 nico brazenly step up onto the hood and dive , grab onto the roof . 114 int . lincoln - day salvano can not believe it . he scream something in Spanish . he fire again , this time through the roof . 115 ext . lincoln - roof - day bullet hole appear . nico narrowly miss be hit . 116 another angle - lincoln nico reach over the side of the car and smashes the pas - senger window with he fist . 117 closeup - nico's hand salvano 's face be bashed . nico 's huge hand grab salvano 's throat ; he will not let go . 118 closeup - nico he hang on with one hand . 119 closeup - salvano nico 's finger now dig into salvano 's larynx ; he may never talk again . he 's gag . salvano now point the gun at chi chi . chi chi make the decision to stop the car in order to save he boss . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 32. 120 nico leap off the roof pull salvano past the break glass , out of the window . 121 several police vehicle * screech into the lot . officer pour out , gun draw , surround the lincoln and the other vehicle . Jackson join they , weapon in hand . 122 nico drag salvano by the neck across the lot to the van , slamm the drug dealer up against the van 's side . lukich , Jackson and strozah be there , with the dea cop , * all cover the other man . nico ( to salvano ) how many kilo you get in there , skivuzo ? salvano could not answer if he want to . the other cop look at nico with awe . lukich whip the van door open , yank a tarp off the cargo . 123 int . van the engine block sit in a wooden shipping frame , wrap with industrial plastic . nico climb into the van , rip the plastic sheet off , grab the wood slat of the shipping frame , tear they off . in the background , ambulance be arrive to care for the wounded cop and criminal . 124 closeup - engine block from the cylinder head emerge a full load , not of drug , but of plastique tube label U.S. army c-4 high explosive . 125 lukich , jackson and other cop react with surprise and shock . 126 nico rip open one of tube and smell it . 127 close - nico confused ; frustrated . nico what kinda fuckin ' high be this ? CUT to : above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 33. 128 int . FBI office - night open on salvano , in a chair , look bruise and swollen , and wear a expression of fume indignation . salvano -- I will tell you what this cop be . he 's a fuck menace ! 129 two FBI agent ( neeley and halloran ) * face salvano , chi chi and the lawyer abandano ( apparently represent salvano and chi chi ) . neeley be on the phone . * picture of Reagan and meese be prominent on the wall . salvano you see what he do to I ?! agent halloran you problem be be handle right now , Mr. salv -- salvano yeah ? well , it shoulda be handle twelve hour ago . I do not know who 's run this outfit , but somebody better get he goddamn wire straight ! agent neeley * ( into phone ) -- yes , sir ... yes , sir , I understand -- salvano that maniac should be wear a number , not a badge . salvano know what the call be about . he straighten the tie beneath he bruise neck , assume the attitude of a respectable citizen who have be unjustly wronge . agent neeley * ( into phone ) -- count on it , sir . right . you will have we full cooperation . neeley hang up . glance dubiously to halloran . then turn * grimly to salvano , chi chi and the lawyer abandano . agent neeley * you be free to go . 130 omitted 131 int . federal build - lobby - night * the hood and they lawyer smugly walk past a clean woman . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 33A . 132 int . precinct captain office - morning open on agent neeley 's face . compose , clean -cut , but * intense , wear a light - color business suit . pan to agent halloran -- the same upright , clean -shaven bureau look . the two man be seat to one side of lieutenant fred strozah . 133 nico , jackson , lukich and dea and atf men sit and stand in various posture in front of the Lieutenant 's desk . lieutenant strozah ( to nico , dea &amp ; aif ) -- this be no reflection on the work you officer have do . I feel , and the whole department feel , extremely proud of you initiative and gallantry . that " spare I the horseshit " look on nico 's face . he 's fume . strozah see nico 's bitter expression . it 's on the other ' face too . lieutenant strozah as all of you be well aware , possession of this explosive be a federal offense and under jurisdiction of the f.b.i. nico 's eye meet Lieutenant strozah 's . there 's respect between the two , but it 's plainly under a helluva strain . nico sir. with all respect to we brother in the Bureau -- ( bite sarcasm ; turn to neeley ) * -- that 's no answer . it 's no answer to why one of the biggest dealer in the city be out on the street now , free as a bird ! agent neeley stiffen . * lieutenant strozah keep it in you pants , nico . this man have a job to do , just like we . nico stifles he outrage . the other cop exchange glance -- upset and angry . agent neeley clear he throat . * agent neeley * Lieutenant , I think this officer be entitle to a fuller explanation . ( more ) above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 34 . agent neeley ( cont 'd ) they have risk they life . I understand one man be in the hospital . he speak to the officer . agent neeley * what I be about to say do not leave this room . be that clear ? assent from everyone . agent neeley * Mr. salvano have be work for some time in cooperation with certain federal agency . 134 close - nico's face stun and furious at this royal fuck - up . agent neeley ( o.s. ) * I be not at liberty to divulge the nature of Mr. salvano 's involvement -- I just learn of its existence myself a few hour ago . but one thing I can tell you -- 135 back to agent neeley * agent neeley * Mr. salvano 's role be crucial to a extremely sensitive ongoing investigation . any further surveillance , harassment , or unauthorize operation against this individual be forbidden . I must order you gentleman -- ( look straight at nico ) -- with all respect for you work and you courage , to stand down . lukich shake he head ; nico be devastate . Jackson take it all in . CUT to : 136 int . police squad room - morning open close on a desk drawer be open . aside from round of ammo , note and a aging eggplant parmigiana sandwich , there be half a dozen hand - label audio - cassettes and a small collection of miniaturized bugging device . Jackson and lukich watch nico take out the note , hand they to Lieutenant strozah . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 35 . lieutenant strozah the tape too . nico ( mock ) that 's my lawrence welk collection ! lieutenant strozah I want everything you get on this one . reluctantly , nico hand over the tape . the Lieutenant eye the bug and wire . lieutenant strozah I know you do not give a shit about yourself , toscani . ( a glance to jax ) but you be gonna put Jackson 's ass in a sling , too , with this illegal wire . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 35a . * 136a other side of squad room agent halloran edge up to Jackson , who 's grab coffee on the far side of the squad room , and watch from there as nico give strozah more of a hard time . agent halloran what 's the story on you partner , Jackson ? do he learn this style or be he bear with a brick up he ass ? Jackson check halloran out . he 's black too and , despite herself , there 's a certain rapport . jackson he have ethic . unlike certain other on this case . halloran watch the illegal bug and tape come out of nico 's drawer . agent halloran his 'ethic ' be gonna cost he he badge and he gun . this " white " talk give Jackson a pain . she slip into she jive mode . jackson you do not wanna catch he without no gun . halloran 's look ask why not ? jackson ' Cause what he do with he hand ... make bullet hole look pretty . across the room , nico turn over the tape . agent halloran he bad ? jackson bad bad . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 36 . 137 int . precinct house - stairway - day nico and Jackson come down the stair . Jackson have have ample excitement for she last week on the force . jackson be that enough ? can we do something normal now -- like eat lunch ? nico anything you say , jax . how about salvano 's ? jackson let it be , nico . 138 ext . precinct house - day nico and Jackson 's car pull out into traffic . 139 int . unmarked car - parked ( alley behind salvano be ) Jackson and nico be eat some fast good . nico reach to he jacket pocket ; take out a cassette . jackson what ... you keep he tape , too ? nico already have it in the player . we hear fragment of the telephone tap from the body shop in Spanish and English . Jackson look frustrated . nico listen care - fully to what appear to be the tape phone conversation . nico poetry , be not it ? 140 ext . rear salvano's restaurant - day ( Pov from car ) the pimp ( busboy ) come out and dump a load of garbage . 141 int . unmarked car - day nico and Jackson case the restaurant from down the alley . 142 ext . rear salvano be - nico be Pov - day from the restaurant door , salvano and chi chi emerge . they get into a black cadillac and pull out . * nico ( o.s. ) and now for some dessert . 143 series of shot as nico 's car tail salvano 's through various street . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 37 . 144 ext . oak STREET salvano come out of a fancy flower shop with a bimbo on he arm . he kiss she goodbye and put she in a cab . nico ( o.s. ) and that must be Mrs. sal . so nice to see marry couple still in love . 144a nico and jackson be hide , wait . 144b chi chi emerge from a dry cleaner 's with a suit on a hanger . * 145 ext . ST . elizabeth' parish church - day salvano 's caddy pull up outside the same church where we * see nico 's son get baptize . salvano and chi chi get out , look both way up and down the street . salvano , hold * flower , make eye contact with a car down the block . * 146 ext . STREET up block from church - day nico 's car back out of sight around the corner . 147 sidewalk in front of church salvano and chi chi , see nothing , enter the church . 148 int . church - day a smatter of older woman and man praying . salvano and chi chi stop at the head of the aisle , genuflect to the altar , move in , take seat toward the front . 149 back of church nico and Jackson slip in the front door , glide silently into the shadow at the rear of the church . jackson this be you mother 's church , be not it ? nico yeah . but I bet she 's never see this boy in the choir . 150 nico's Pov salvano 's head be bow , but chi chi be look around quite carefully . nico and Jackson fade into the shadow behind the huge pillar . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 37a . 151 salvano and chi chi after a few moment , the pair rise . they cross they - selve , start out for the front door . as they walk , they continue to look for something . 152 int . church - day * nico and Jackson emerge into a courtyard which reveal a day care center and a rectory . they head toward the front of the building . Jackson , plan on pick up they tail on salvano , be stope by nico . he want to stay and look around . 38 . father genarro ( o.s. ) nicola ! that can not be you in church without the family ! nico turn to see Father genarro , perspire in a baggy sweatshirt , a handball glove on he hand . the courtyard alongside the church be mark off as a athletic area . nico Father genarro . the priest seize nico 's hand warmly , smile at Jackson . father genarro this must be you partner in crime . ( shake she hand ) I be Father genarro . I see you at the baptismal party . ( with a wink to nico ) what a partner . jackson dolore Jackson ( smile , but impatient ) nico , we gotta go -- father genarro no , please -- ( more serious now ) it 's good you stop by . I have to show you something . please . the priest begin lead nico and Jackson . Jackson keep glance back out the alley to see salvano 's car slowly drive by . 153 int . church basement - day this be a old building . the dark corridor resemble a underground bunker . Old trophy and furniture be store along the wall . the two cop and the priest walk . another priest emerge from a door , nod , pass . nico and Jackson glance in through the door as they walk . they reach a door with a break handle . it look like a break - in have take place . father genarro the rat be get bigger . nico when do this happen ? father genarro two night ago . I do not call the police . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 39 . * Father genarro knock on the door , pause , then knock again . the door open . a twelve - year- old who look like he 's from Central America stand in the doorway . father genarro ( in Spanish ) it 's all right , son . this be friend . the boy step back and we move into -- 154 int . church sanctuary - day a largish room , no expose window , everything board up . newly - construct makeshift toilet and shower in one corner , various cot . a number of latin refugees -- family mostly -- react shyly as Father genarro introduce nico and Jackson . sister bonifacia be there , and a youthful priest , father tomassino . we will see both of they again . father genarro ( refer to the cop ) this be friend . ( to nico ) this be Father tomassino . father tomassino how do you do ? nico shake the young priest 's hand . there be a moment between they as nico meet tomassino 's eye , like what he see . the refugee be relieved , however , when Father genarro , nico and Jackson take they leave . 155 nico , jackson and father genarro continue down the hall . jackson I do not know this church be a sanctuary , Father . father genarro yes . but , perhaps not such a safe one . nico how long have they be here ? father genarro too long . at least the kid can go to we school . nico who do it , Father ? above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 39a . father genarro kid , maybe. ( significantly ) maybe worse . it 's not the first time . jackson we can have a car check by , every hour . father genarro no ... please . Police frighten this people . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 40 . 156 int . church - MAIN aisle - day * the three be outside , take they leave . a big smile and a hand on Father genarro 's shoulder . the priest be greatly relieved . nico really , I do not mind come by . father genarro tell I , nico ... when be you last confession ? nico I be a marry man , Father . I have get no sin to confess . father genarro you be a police officer , you have many sin to confess . jackson amen. nico and Jackson start off . father genarro ( call after nico ) you come back Sunday . I feel better when I see nicola in church . ( call louder ) you do not show , I be phone you mother ! dissolve to : 157 same church - Pov from window - early morning ( sunday ) high angle from across the street : neighborhood people dress in they Sunday best fill the sidewalk , filing in for mass . we hear a organ from inside the church . 158 various angle - congregation a italian neighborhood become more Hispanic . as the churchgoer file in , we see family -- woman , kid , baby . 159 nico , SARA , rosa and julian * be among the crowd , exchange pleasantry with friend and neighbor -- in English , italian and Spanish . 160 int . church - side aisle Sara , hold Julian , slip into a pew . as nico and Rosa * follow , Father genarro pass , head for the front . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 41 . rosa Father genarro ! I have you to thank for get my son back into church ! father genarro it 's amazing what shame can accomplish . Father genarro smile and continue on toward the pulpit . quick dissolve to : 161 various shot a ) the choir building to the finish of a hymn . B ) nico's wife ( SARA ) * also sing , balance baby Julian and a hymnbook . C ) nico and he mother rosa sing with full gusto . D ) the choir master make the sign to be seat . E ) congregation sit . we notice a young , intellectual - look man ( Alan singletary ) wear wire - rim glass , sit in the front row . we will see he face again later . he look out of place and glance around , surprised as ... F ) father genarro move into the pulpit , open he Bible . father genarro in nomine patris , filius et spiritu sancti ... ( etc ) 162 SARA and julian * the little one start to cry ; she comfort he . nico reach over to try to help . the baby continue fussing . nico look toward the priest and the front of the church . he notice a woman in a black shawl rise from the front of the church and turn , head down one of the side aisle . SARA * ( examine Julian 's diaper ) Way to go , Julian -- perfect timing . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 42. she cynically smile at nico . nico see the woman in black pass toward the exit of the church . 163 closeup - woman it be the same woman nico and Jackson be follow with abandano , the lawyer ! 164 closeup - large shopping bag the woman have leave it in front of the votive candle directly before the priest 's pulpit . 165 closeup - nico his head spin from the shopping bag to the doorway -- 166 nico's Pov - doorway the woman be hastily sneaking out . 167 back to nico instantly he push he family to the floor , cover they with he body . 168 closeup - nico - second later boom !!! a powerful explosion erupt between the priest and he congregation . fragment of plaster , wood , and marble come blast past nico and he family ! churchgoer in the first row be blow off they foot by the shock wave of the blast . pews overturn , smoke everywhere -- 169 choir be shriek hysterically . Stone and plaster dust rain down on they from the ceiling . 170 congregation be in total pandemonium . scream , cry , panic -- 171 pulpit have be blow to oblivion . where Father genarro have be stand be now nothing but smoke and rubble . 172 nico prone , cover Sara and the baby , grop frantically * to protect he mother as well . SARA * ( clutching baby ) we be okay ! we be okay ! nico check they and he mother swiftly . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 43. rosa ( in italian ) help the other ! help they , nico ! CUT to : 173 statue of jesus splatter with real blood . CUT back to : 174 angle on congregation everyone be down , reeling from the concussion , dust and smoke . nico rise alone from this scene . nico ( forcefully ) help each other move outside . be calm . 175 ext . side of church - morning from a doorway and a shattered window smoke pour forth . we hear scream from inside . 176 int . church nico on he foot , plainly the leader in this moment of terror . Worshipper , shattered and bleed , pour past he toward the door . nico grab a stout - look church - goer . nico call 911 . tell them to send everything they get ! ( turn to he wife ) Sara , get the baby and mama * outside . nico start for the altar where the damage be worst . 177 ext . front of church - morning the congregation stream out in terror-stricken disarray . we see nico 's family -- they be all right . 178 nico appear from the church , carry a young choir girl . he hand the child over to two older woman , race back into the church . 179 long shot - STREET outside church the first paramedic van come speed around the corner , siren blaring . Police car appear right behind -- above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 44 . 180 int . church nico appear through the backlit smoke and kneel over the bloody body of Father genarro . he desperately try to maintain the priest 's life . CUT to : 181 int . hospital / icu ward - afternoon the aftermath of the blast . doctor and nurse have the scene more of less under control , but there 's still plenty of pain and misery . 182 int . hospital room - afternoon nico stand , he back to the wall -- a scary , blank look on he face . a doctor and several nurse be pull the plug on the terribly mutilate body of Father genarro . a nun be cry ; a fellow priest be bless the Father . 183 jackson arrive . nico talk to she , aside . nico I want a list of everyone that 's be treat here today . everyone . jackson right . nico then find that sanctuary people , the one we see in the church basement -- as Jackson make note . nico find out where they be from , why anyone would want to harm they . Jackson flip she notepad shut , ready to go . jackson where be you gonna be ? nico just stay near a radio . I will find you . 184 int . hospital corridor - nico's mother ( rosa ) - afternoon sit on a bench with a bandage over one eye . Sara * and Julian be sleep beside she . nico kneel beside he mother , deeply concerned . nico take he mother 's arm , help she to she foot . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 45 . Sara wake and pick up Julian . mama know Father genarro * have die . she begin sobbing softly . other member of the congregation be in the hallway , mourn . nico , with he family , take several step toward the exit . suddenly , nico stop . he see agent neeley enter ( the FBI man who * order he off the case ) accompany by Lieutenant strozah * and two uniform officer . nico Sara ... go down to the car ; I will * be with you in a minute . he hail neeley . * nico I need to talk to you . ( a glance to strozah and other ) ... alone . neeley nod . nico lead he off the corridor , through a * fire exit door -- 185 stairwell landing the door close behind they . nico and the FBI man be alone on the stairway landing . agent neeley * ( impatient ) what the hell be it , toscani ? without warning , nico grab neeley by both lapel , slam * he furiously into the wall ! nico you . that 's what the hell it be ! agent neeley * get you goddam hand off I ! neeley try to shake free ; nico will not let he . * nico you let salvano walk . agent neeley * salvano ?! be you crazy ? ( rip himself free ) what do he have to do with this ? nico that be no cherry bomb in there . that be c-fuck - 4 ! ( struggle to master he rage ) I have use that shit . ( more ) above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 46 . nico ( cont 'd ) I know what it smell like , I know what it blow like -- neeley glare at nico . * agent neeley * salvano never come near that C - 4 . it 's in federal hold now ! besides , why would he blow up a church ? nico I tail salvano . two day ago . him and one of he ape be in that church -- and they be not take communion . I see some broad see who be with he lawyer plant the bomb . now I want some goddamn answer . agent neeley * you tail he ? after I order you off ? nico where be he ? where 's salvano ? agent neeley * my order be release he . not babysit he . neeley brushes nico 's fingermark off he lapel . * agent neeley * you think you be rough stuff , toscani -- martial art hero , chop suey crap . well I will tell you something : you be not bullet - proof . you be not even a good cop . ( compose himself ; reclaim he dignity ) you sneak around , play you street dick game . but all you come up with be conjecture , wild coincidence and bullshit . nico I want the agent who sign for the explosive . agent neeley * I will do my job . you do yours . nico Bank on it , pal . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 47 . nico stalk off . the door slam . CUT to : 186 montage with score a ) ext . " bogota " ( salvano's restaurant ) - late afternoon * nico 's unmark car whip in front . nico storm toward the front door of the restaurant . B ) int . restaurant - late afternoon * nico storm through toward the restaurant rear . the employee be get ready for the evening crowd . he flash he badge , check the kitchen , salvano 's office . the man be go . C ) int . morgue - late afternoon Jackson have she list from the hospital . a coroner and he assitant show she a body on a slab . the body be that of Alan singletary , the man we see in the front * row of the church . Jackson take note . the dead man * be definitely not the ethnic type you would expect in St. Mary 's congregation . D ) ext . body and fender shop - late afternoon the same place where nico and Jackson wire - tapped chi chi . nico interrogates the shop boss , several worker . all shake they head , gesture emphatically . salvano not here . E ) CUT back to morgue - jackson take Polaroid of the dead man 's i.d. and personal effect . 187 closeup of dead man' effect as Jackson 's flash pop . we see clearly a U.S. Senate staff id , a U.S. Senate office building parking pass and a Illinois driver 's license with address . 188 ext . affluent brownstone - late afternoon nico come storming out . a maid and a bodyguard follow after he scream . the door slam . we see it be miss a panel . maid you gonna be in real trouble , mister , when El senor salvano find out about dis . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 48. 189 ext . ST . elizabeth' church - late afternoon Jackson at the blast scene . Police tape rope the area off while a tv news crew photograph the damage . Jackson * talk with neighborhood people , ask question . 190 ext . bicek be bar - late afternoon nico in the alley , grill several tough guy we see be - fore when he raid this bar . the answer be all zero ; nico 's disgust , wear out , frustrated . he start out the alley -- at the edge of the street , a batter van pull in . a jackete latino man lean against it , a unlit ciga - rette in he mouth . as nico approach , turn toward he car -- first latino ( polite , casual ) ' cuse I , sir . can I bum a light ? nico slow , eyeing the guy dubiously . as he reach to he jacket -- the side door of the van flash open . a .38 be levele straight at nico 's head . instantly three other latino hood leap to the sidewalk . first latino ( machete under jacket ) do not even think about it , motherfucker . machete man ( first latino ) snatch nico 's gun from its shoulder holster . two hood shove nico back into the alley . nico check out he assailant quickly . four of they . machete , crowbar , ball bat , gun . machete man ( first latino ) you come to we street ... fuck with we people . now we people gonna fuck with you . the five advance on nico . pipe man we be not gonna shoot you , man . we gonna beat you to death . you gonna learn what it mean to ' get down . ' 191 quick cut a ) nico be trap . the hood advance . nico have a moment of stillness , as if all sense be click out of normal gear and into some hyper - combat readi - ness . then : 49 . B ) gun and machete man be side by side . as machete man start to move , nico spin in beside he , seize he wrist , twist it violently , wrenching the machete away , keep machete man between he and gun man so gun man can not shoot . in a flash , nico swing the machete , slice over the top of machete man , half - sever the wrist of gun man . gun man fall , clutching he wrist in agony ; the gun skitter away beneath a chain link fence , out of reach . nico flip machete man ( who have nico 's gun in he pocket ) send he crash - ing , half - unconscious . C ) instantly , pipe man aim a home run shot at nico 's head . nico use the machete , match the angle of the oncoming blow , slide under and , in the same arc , block the blow and turn it into a strike , slashing pipe man 's tendon behind the knee . pipe man go down on one knee , writhe , hamstrung , cry out in pain . D ) now Ball bat attack . nico intercept the blow , flip bat man ass over teakettle , send he sail - ing -- foot first -- through the side window of the van . bat man crash through the glass , hang up with just he head and shoulder dangle free . E ) nico be spread out , foot wide , in a crouch . crowbar man see he chance . he be the fiercest of the four , and the savviest fighter . he throw three consecu - tive vicious blow at nico 's head ; nico drop to one knee , dodge the blow , then intercept the third , machete in hand , match the arc of interception and whip the blade up -- straight into the crotch of crowbar man . crowbar man can not believe it . he be - main freeze a moment , stare at nico , then down at he own groin . F ) machete man , the first to be flip , struggle des - perately to regain he sense . he try to get nico 's gun from he own pocket , but nico bat it a- way . machete man scramble to he foot , in terror , bolt . G ) nico snatch he gun from the sidewalk , glance to bat man who be still half - dangle from the van window . nico give bat man one parting punch to the head , then tear off after machete man -- 192 ext . STREET - day shriek from passersby as machete man hurtle past , straight into the street . a car nearly hit he , he vault its hood . here come nico , in hot pursuit . he too leap the car , whose owner be stare , cursing -- 193 angle down block a all - out foot face . 50 . machete man be a speedster ; he hurdle a row of trash can . two young girl , on a stoop , whistle as he pass . first girl fly , baby ! 194 nico tear after this human cannonball . amazingly , he 's gain -- 195 int . bodega - day machete man highball off the sidewalk , straight into a Mom and pop groceria . customer scatter in shock as the hood blast past they , out the back door . here come nico . patron curse in Spanish as he barrel past -- 196 ext . yard behind bodega - day machete man bolt from the bodega into a small patio with table and chair . he leap the fence into the next yard , which belong to a funeral home . he hurdle the headstone inventory , clamber up the fence on the far side -- 197 back to nicco pursue along the same route . 198 machete man claw he way to the top of the fence and onto a frame - work of two - by-four which form a arbor-like canopy a- bove the third back yard . plastic sheet be tack between the beam . machete man glance back at nico , start out -- tightrope -style -- across the two - by-four . nico reach the fence behind the hood , start also onto the two - by-four . we hear female scream from below as the rickety structure start to wobble precariously . machete man reach the far side . a fire escape be ad - jacent ; he grab for it , start up . nico catch he by the ankle . the two crash together back onto the two - by - four , which give way , send they plunging into -- 199 backyard of flower shop - day four young Oriental woman , pot plant , react with terror as the two body crash through . machete man scramble away from nico but be trap in the corner next to the rear shop door . the flower girl can not move either ; nico and the hood be too near the door . the girl retreat to the far corner , squealing in fright . machete man ( to nico , in terror ) no , hermano . please -- 51 . nico start menacingly toward the hood , breathe hard from the chase . nico who put up the money ? machete man what money ? nico grab he by the hair . nico you do not come after I for a piece of ass . ( twist the youth 's neck ) who pay you ? machete man I tell ya ! no one ! nico slam he with a fierce shot to the rib . the hood double over , gasp . the flower girl shriek even louder . nico turn to the girl with a ferocious glare . nico ( shouting ) shut up ! the girl instantly go silent in terror . nico turn back to machete man , spin he violently face - down , jack the punk 's right arm straight out behind he . we see that nico can break he elbow with one blow . nico give it to I ! nico raise he fist to strike . machete man Jimmy constanza ! nico shove the hood into the ground , tear the hood 's wallet from he trouser pocket . nico rip the wallet a- part , seize the kid 's identification and hold it up . he grab the punk by the hair with he free hand . machete man be stare up in terror , wonder what this mean . nico if you be lie to I , I will come and kill you right in you own fuck kitchen . nico dump he on the ground and walk away . instantly machete man change he tune . machete man salvano ! bautista salvano ! above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 52. nico walk back , he foot smashes into the punk 's face . he hit the ground with a thud . nico gracias , muchacho . nico walk away . 200 montage with score a ) int . nico's house - kitchen - night nico at the kitchen table spread with notepad , old add - ress book , 3x5 card . he 's on the phone , impatient , apparently get nowhere . he slam the phone down . B ) int . live room - evening nico pace , phone cradle to ear , talk urgently . click : he 's be hang up on ; he look at the receiver in frustration and disgust . C ) close - corkboard on kitchen wall nico 's hand pushpin a 3x5 card into the wall . D ) insert - 3x5 card we read : " FBI / agent Smith / 11:53 / b.s. / cover for who ? " E ) kitchen - night nico back at the table , listen to the wiretap tape , transcribe it . F ) another angle - kitchen - night ( later ) nico hold Julian , go over note . G ) close - yellow legal pad the page be head : " father genarro . " below in doodle formation , be a series of box , each one contain a phrase . we read : " Father G have some - thing on salvano ? " " Church break - in ? " " drug infor - mation ? " " Father G connect to FBI ? " irritably , nico 's pencil cross everything out . 201 SARA * appear in a nightgown at the kitchen doorway . she look frail , frighten . music end . SARA * ( softly ) I can not sleep . will you come and hold I ? above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 53 . * nico of course I will . I have be wait to hear from jax . she be suppose to get back to I by now . 202 int . nico's bedroom - late night nico come in with he arm around Sara . she stop near the bed , hold he tight . they look to little Julian sleep in the crib nearby . SARA thank God you could not find you shoe . we would of have be sit in the front row . ( beat ) alright , I know the rule -- I do not ask you do not tell . but could have die today and I deserve to know . ( beat ) why do we go to church this morning ? nico I be willing to break the rule ; I be willing to tell you whatever I know . but I need some time . could you just give I some time ? nico lean to kiss she , but be cut off by the harsh ring of a phone . Sara start at the sound . she and nico glance at each other -- SARA I will bet that 's she . nico pick up the phone . nico ( into phone ) this better be good , jax . man ( v.o. ) ( filter ) it 's bad , nico . nico glance to Sara . the voice on the phone be not Jackson . nico be chill . he glance to Sara , finger to he lip . he point to he bare wrist as if want to know the exact time . Sara , not sure what 's go on , mouth : " two -fifteen . " nico ( into phone ) Long time , Nelson . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 54 . 203 ext . STREET - phone booth - late night we recognize Fox , nico 's buddy from SE Asia whom we meet in the open sequence . Fox , too , of course , look 15 year older . he wear a suit and seem quite prosperous . we be unable to identify from where Fox call . fox you should know not to use a name on a open line . ( beat ) I be gonna talk for fifteen second , then I be get off . you be in trouble , nico . 204 back to nico's bedroom - late night fox ( v.o. ) ( filter ) serious , serious trouble . take you wife and family and get they someplace safe now . 205 back to STREET - phone booth - late night fox you hear I ? now . I be risk my ass by tell you this . good luck , kid . 206 back to nico's bedroom - late night the phone click dead . nico try to keep a casual ex - pression . Sara see through it -- she know he 's shake . * SARA * ( grim ) that be Fox , be not it ? nico do not answer . SARA * ( very concerned ) why be the c.i.a. call you at two in the morning ? nico it 's okay , sweetheart -- ( cross to she , put he arm around she ) -- you know what a crazy bastard Fox be . he get drunk and forget he 's halfway around the world . he call I . nico give she a squeeze and a smile . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 55 . nico he just want to make sure we get he Christmas card . 207 int . bedroom - later Sara be sleep next to nico . Julian next to she . a * loud pounding come o.s. from the front door . nico jump out of bed . his gun appear in he hand , as if from nowhere , he step quickly to the front window , look out -- 208 nico be Pov - STREET below two unmark car pull in . 209 back to nico he move swiftly to the rear window and spot another un - * mark car . * 210 int . downstair - front door nico enter the vestibule in he pajama bottom with he gun in he hand . voice through door ( o.s. ) f.b.i. , toscani . open up . nico pull aside a curtain glass panel ; he recognize two uniform police officer , plus neeley and halloran , * the FBI agent who authorize the release of salvano . he lower he gun , open the door . the cop surge in . nico ( to one of cop ) it 's a little early for breakfast , o'hara . o'hara sorry , nico. ( display warrant ) you be under arrest . agent neeley * ( reach for nico 's gun ) I will take this , thank you . before neeley can get he hand on the gun , nico , without * pause , hand it over to another agent . nico no , you will not . I be gonna give it to you . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 56 . 211 int . nico's bedroom - night julian bawl fearfully ; Sara hold he , tremble . nico * be hurriedly get dress . a cop and the FBI agent stand at the door . SARA * ( to cop ; distraught ) this be ridiculous -- there 's no need for this ! nico it 's all right , darling . two agent enter the room carry nico 's confiscate papers and tape and begin rummage through dresser , jewelry box and closet . Rosa cross swiftly to calm Sara . * rosa ( to cop ) who do you think you be -- come in here like this , treat my son like a criminal ? SARA * why be you terrifying we ? there 's a infant here ! nico pull on a jacket . he look like he could kill . he restrain himself for he family 's sake . agent halloran ( to cop ) check that coat . the cop cross to frisk nico . Sara , still hold the baby , * start slapping at they . SARA * get you hand off he ! Rosa grab Sara -- * nico ( to Sara , * allow himself to be frisk ) it 's all a mistake , Sara -- it 's * gonna be all right . the cop steer nico toward the door . SARA * ( call after they ) the Police Association 's get lawyer for this , you bastard ! above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 57 . Sara grab for the phone ; nico be manhandle out the * door -- 212 ext . nico's house - late night the neighbor be now on they porch . nico be lead to a wait unmark car . CUT to : 213 int . police headquarters - late night bad dude , the bartender we remember from nico 's first visit to the Polish bar , finish signing a deposition . a cop take the paper . bad dude stand , glance half - fearfully , half - defiantly to nico , who be lead down a hall - way flanke by two uniform officer . agent halloran open the door for bad dude , who exit . 214 int . interrogation room - late night neeley , halloran , Lieutenant strozah and deputy superinten - * dent jack crowder . halloran indicate a stack of * deposition , tape and note on the table before nico . agent halloran illegal wiretaps . unauthorize surveillance . nico when be you bear , asshole ? agent neeley * associate with know felon . disobey direct order -- nico where 's Jackson ? crowder * she 's outa this . agent halloran you be the rotten apple in this barrel , toscani . we do not have to look any farther than you and you ' family . ' nico come out of he chair , go for halloran . strozah try to block he , but it 's useless . lieutenant strozah * nico ! you damn fool ! you wanna go to prison ?! nico stop . he 's speechless with rage . his finger point toward halloran like a load gun . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 58. crowder * ( indicate more deposition ) unlawful entry . illegal search and seizure -- nico ( spit on papers ) you will never build a frame on this chickenshit . agent neeley * ( angrily ) you be order to back off on salvano . but you have too big a hard - on for that , do not you -- nico contain he fury . he step away from strozah , with a gesture that say " I will not hurt you . " nico ( to strozah ) Fred . you can not be in on this . nico face he lieutenant -- a look that call on long * year of comradeship and loyalty . strozah be tear . he 's a good man , over he head in a situation he do not com - pletely understand . lieutenant strozah * you be officially suspend , toscani . I want you tin ... and you iron . neeley lean past nico ; drop nico 's gun ( with a evidence * tag on it ) onto the table . nico look to strozah , who avert he eye . nico flip he badge onto the table . nico you hold I ? agent neeley * you can walk for now . but do not walk far . CUT to : 215 ext . phone booth on downtown STREET - dawn we be outside of a cop breakfast hangout . several police car be park in the lot . nico be on the phone . nico Sara , I be okay . I love you . * CUT to : * above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 58a . 215a int . nico's kitchen * Sara on the phone . * SARA * where be you ? why be not you * come home ? * CUT to : * 215b ext . phone booth * nico I will be home later . lukich will * be there . tell mama not to worry . Jackson and lukich be wait by nico 's car . they see nico emerge from the phone booth . CUT to : 216 ext . STREET - nico , jackson and lukich - dawn a mood of urgency . jackson -- I find the sanctuary people . ( more ) above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 59 . jackson ( cont 'd ) they be refugee from El salvador , Guatemala , chile . they will not talk * to I , they be terrify of cop . Jackson have a armload of note , include photocopy of news clipping . jackson ready for this ? one of the people kill at the church be definitely not a congregation member . she show nico and lukich the Polaroid we see she take in the morgue . jackson Alan singletary . he 's a aide to Senator Harrison . nico be electrify . jackson that 's right . Harrison . foreign relation committee . the guy who 's be crawl all over the Central american drug connection . nico ( impressed ) you be gonna make a helluva d.a. , jax . lukich God help we . jackson ( savor the com - pliment ) I have be at the tribune all night , wear out they xerox machine . Harrison 's staff have be compile some kind of white paper . he 's due to release it next week . nico 's mind race . nico that 's how Fox know . jackson what ? nico turn to lukich , dead earnest . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 60 . nico luke . I want you to go to my house . call branca ... my mother have the number . get my family ready to move out . lukich you get it , buddy . nico stay with them . we will be there . lukich what 's go on , nico ? what happen ? nico I get a call last night . a old agency friend . he tell I my family be in danger . jax and lukich can not put all the piece together yet . but if it 's drug - CIA - Senate , it 's get to be heavy . lukich you get a weapon ? lukich know he do not . he glance up and down the street , make sure no one 's watch -- then crack the driver 's door of he car . there 's a bulge in the map pocket . nico pull out a sig saur .45 . lukich try this on . Jackson watch luke slip nico a clip . * CUT to : 217 int . day care CENTER ( behind church ) - morning open close on the face of the sanctuary refugee . they be face that have know fear and tragedy . the kind of face we see on newsreel after village have be burn and family member murder . the refugee have be move from church basement to a back room in the day care center . nico kneel , face they . Jackson in the background . a nun ( sister bonifacia ) and a priest ( whom we see in genarro 's hospital room ) watch over the people . nico be frustrated ; he can not crack the refugee ' fear . nico ( to nun ) sister ... you know I . tell they there 's no need for fear . 61 . sister bonifacia there be rubble all over the yard , nicola . ( the rest of the scene may be in english , or spanish with subtitles , at the director' discretion . ) nico ( to refugee ) I be there ... in the church . they try to kill my family , too . several of the refugee look like they want to speak , but they be terrify . nico I know there be a man here , from a american senator 's office . who be he go to speak to ? the refugee become increasingly anxious . nico ( to one woman ) be it you , senora ? ( to a man ) be it you ? more silence . glance among the people . finally : refugee woman the priest . the other shrink . the woman glance to they . nico who ? ( gently ) Father genarro ? refugee woman the other one . nico look to the american priest stand there . refugee woman no . the young one . from costa rica . sister bonifacia sigh . sister bonifacia Father tomassino . Jackson have she pad out , take note . bonifacia know too much have already be reveal ; she must speak . 62 . sister bonifacia he come alone ... two week ago . he have papers . paper to give to the senator . nico try to contain he excitement ; not scare anyone by lose he calm . nico but the bomb ... the bomb be plant to destroy the pulpit . sister bonifacia Father tomassino be go to give the mass that day . ( shake ) Father genarro talk he out of it . the refugee ' face confirm this . nico ( understand ) it be Father tomassino they be try to kill . bonifacia start softly to cry . nico put he hand on she shoulder , comforting she . nico where be tomassino ? where be he now ? the nun shake she head . nico look to the refugee . they do not know , either . refugee man he run , mister . he go -- he gesture : " who know where ? " nico if you know where he be , you have get to tell I . I want to help he . I can help he . the refugee lower they eye . bonifacia continue she soft weep . nico glance to Jackson ; she look say " enough , let 's leave this poor people alone . " nico stand , touch bonifacia one more time on the shoulder -- 218 ext . church day care build - day nico and Jackson come out . nico have make a decision . nico you be outa this , jax . go home . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 63. jackson ( display she note ) you see this list ? well , I be not do . nico admire he partner 's gut , but he 's worried . jackson I be not a rookie , toscani . now , go home . get you family out of here . nico agree . the pair start to split . nico ( call after Jackson ) just paperwork , you understand ? CUT to : 219 int . nico be car - moving - morning nico drive , a jumble of emotion on he face . urgency fear , exhaustion . he 's deep in think -- 220 ext . intersection - morning nico 's car pull up at a stop light . he look around without really see . a old lady pull a shopping cart * while a crossing guard take some kid across the street . * 221 another car roar up out of nowhere , without two man inside , screech - ing to a stop head - on to nico 's door . its door spring open -- 222 nico dive toward he own passenger door -- 223 second car - two more armed men leap out , OPEN FIRE with pistol and automatic weapon . 224 quick cut nico 's car riddled with a furious fusillade . window blow out ; the driver 's door be shred -- above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 64 . 225 nico - on floorboard crawl frantically ; shove the passenger door open as a firestorm of lead and flying glass blaze all around he . 226 four men firing point blank ( 6 to ten foot ) into nico 's car . the man be cool , professional . 227 nico spill from the passenger door onto the ground , scramble like mad under he own car toward one of the attacker ' car . 228 pedestrian around intersection scream and scatter in terror . 229 four men firing as shell spew from the ejection port of they weapon . 230 nico's car be chew to piece -- 231 nico - under men' car * crawl at full speed from the car 's front to its back . on the ground , alongside the car , spend cartridge case rain like hailstone . 232 four men as they magazine empty . the last shell spring free , gun barrel sizzle , blue smoke fill the air . the leader wave two man forward to check they kill . at that instant : 233 nico spring to he foot behind the man , the sig saur .45 * clutch in both hand . ( he have crawle under both car to envelop he attacker . ) nico over here , you son -a-bitch ! nico 's rage be superhuman . the man stare in conster - nation . one of the man have a fresh magazine half into he weapon -- above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 65 . nico ( eye like a animal ) try it . be my guest . the man let the magazine clatter to the street . the other raise they hand . it take all nico 's strength to keep from waste all four of they on the spot . his gaze swing wildly around the intersection . he spot a corner grocery store . a phone inside . nico ( gesture with gun ) over there ! move it ! -- now !! the man be scared shitless . they put they hand in back of they head ; trot jelly - legge -- 234 int . corner grocery store - day a pakistani counter clerk take one look at the mob enter - ing he store and bolt for the rear . a customer exit as nico herd he captive in . nico hand on the counter ! Three man do it ; the fourth be slow . nico do not tempt I , asshole -- the fourth obey . nico move to the pay phone on the wall , cover the man with he .45 . he grab the be - * ceiver in he free hand ; try to dial . adrenaline make he hand shake ; the dial spin wrong -- one of the man see nico 's dilemma . to hit 911 , nico have to take he eye momentarily off he captive . as nico turn again to the dial -- a free-stand sale display hurtle toward he , crash into he gun hand . one of the man have lung into the display ; now he dive atop nico a second later . the whole human pile crash , thunder into a glass freezer . somehow nico get to he foot . one of the man grab nico 's gun ; nico swing one of the freezer door -- wham ! -- smack into the man 's face . the glass shatter ; the man drop like a rock . now it 's three against one -- prime odd for nico . he wade into he attacker . a coffee stand go fly . a body sail into a makeup display . one fool be lucky enough to land a blow that bloddy nico 's nose ; he pay with a shattered forearm and a head - first heave into a ice cream locker -- 235 Pov from outside store it look like a tornado have hit the interior . Magazine rack crash , mayo jar fly through the air , the ice machine seem to explode as a man 's back careen into it -- above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 66 . 236 STREET corner up block two police car heave into view , siren wailing -- 237 front door of store nico take the last man , lift he up , and drive he like a batter ram straight through the glass . 238 nico Wild -ey and bloody , see the cop car whipping into the corner . he spin to see he .45 on the floor -- too far away to race for . he bolt down a gangway . CUT to : 239 int . nico's house - day the phone ring next to lukich . Sara start towards * it . lukich stop she with a look ; he pick up the phone . lukich ( into phone ) yeah ? 240 intercut nico on STREET - phone booth - day nico ( into phone ) get they stuff into the car now . do it in the alley , not the driveway . I will be there in five minute . CUT to : 241 two more police car squealing around a corner , enter the block where nico be . 242 nico - on sidewalk let they pass , keep low . he sprint across the street and down the alley . 243 omitted &amp ; 244 CUT to : 245 int . nico's bedroom - day Sara grab a handful of dress from the closet and angrily * throw they into a open suitcase on the bed . nico watch , hope to ride the storm . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 67 . SARA * you job and you family in one day , nico . you be bat a thousand . nico ( softly ) Sara ... * Sara be at the dresser , pull open drawer , dump she * clothes haphazardly into the suitcase . she stop suddenly . she pull out a handgun and ammo from she panty drawer . she start to weep . nico step up behind she , put he arm around she . nico you will be safe with uncle branca . it 's gotta be this way ... I be sorry . he turn she around to face he . nico do not you think I would rather be with you ? he hold she passionately . Rosa cough loudly in the doorway . SARA * ( no longer angry ) -- mama ... you get you medicine ? do not forget the baby 's sweater -- rosa I know about baby . we glimpse other relative in the hallway ; nico hand they a pair of suitcase ; they hurry off -- SARA * ( of nico 's bloody shirt ) you sure you be all right ? nico I be if you be . SARA * ( try to lighten up ) do not worry -- ( touch he ) we need a vacation , anyway . Sara take she suitcase , hurry out -- * 246 ext . alley behind nico's house - day branca 's sedan be half - load ; branca add a few more bag . lukich 's car be park behind it . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 67a . nico ( crossing yard with Sara ) * I will give you five minute start . we have to do it this way . they get they suitcase into the sedan . mama and the baby be already aboard . Sara get into the passenger seat . * lukich come around from the front , glance around like a lookout . nico where 's jax ? lukich she think there may be document at some guy 's apartment . nico start toward the rear basement door . lukich fall in with he . 247 int . basement - day nico and lukich enter , start down the step . nico they kill the wrong priest . lukich do not understand . nico there be a second priest ... from costa rica ... hide at the church . he be the one they mean to kill . nico start to remove a large piece of ducting from the basement heater . lukich and you know where to find he ? nico no . the hole in the foundation hold several shotgun and a couple of pistol , some passport and some cash . lukich you be gonna need help . nico grab the pistol , start to strap they on . nico just stay with my family nico replace the piece of foundation , start back up the step . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 68. lukich what be you gonna do ? nico you do not want to know . 248 ext . alley behind nico's house branca start the sedan . Sara look back , pain . * Rosa , lukich and Julian be also in the car . nico grab another hand - carry case from the basement , hurry into lukich 's car . 249 nico be Pov - looking down driveway two police car pull up to the front of the house . 250 high angle shot - alley behind house lukich 's car continue off . CUT to : 250a ext . suburban house - day we see uncle branca 's car and lukich 's car out front . 251 int . safe house - day branca lead nico , Sara , Rosa , Julian and lukich down a * corridor . two older italian woman open a door lead to a basement rec room . branca my sister 's cousin 's place . you be safe -- not even I can find this joint . the family enter the back room . they take in they sanctuary . CUT to : 252 ext . parking lot - day agent neeley hurry across the lot toward he car . he get * in , start the engine . as he put the car in gear -- 253 barrel of .45 automatic nestle behind he right ear . nico ( rise from rear seat ) do not forget you seat belt . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 69 . 254 int . federal warehouse - day nico walk casually beside agent neeley , hold he gun out * of sight in he pocket . they proceed down a corridor . be - hind they we glimpse a security checkpoint , manned by two uniform guard , through which they apparently have already pass . 255 angle - corridor the two walk past floor - to- ceiling warehouse shelf , pack with label box , film can , etc . which be visible through a heavy wire - mesh screen . agent neeley * congratulation , toscani . you just make number four on the most want list . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 69a . nico keep walk -- ( another nudge ) -- I be buck for number one . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 70 . 256 administrative window a pot-belly , Naval - retire - type clerk look up from he desk as nico and neeley come up to the counter . we see a * sign : " evidence holding depot -- you must have you requi - sition number !!! " the clerk stand , chomping a cigar , wad - dle to the counter . we see he arm cover with tattoo . clerk what can I do for you , lad ? neeley present he id . * agent neeley * there be a quantity of C - 4 explosive bring in four day ago -- clerk Hell , that 's go . nico when ? clerk right away , pardner . they scoop that stuff outa here before we even get it tag . nico who ? who take it ? clerk ( casual ) c.i.a . nico react , nudge neeley once more . * agent neeley * ( to clerk ) we would like to see the paperwork . the clerk have a accordion file right under the counter . he indicate a sign - in book . clerk you gotta sign . neeley sign the book . the clerk start leaf through he * file , search for the release form . clerk yeah ... I remember that guy . flew in special from langley . bomb tech . Real nice fella -- ( find the form , lift it from file ) -- here it be . fox. Nelson Fox . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 71 . 257 nico snatch the release form . stare at the signature , stunne . 258 ext . lakefront - deserted section - day neeley 's car park in the boondock along the lake . * female ( v.o. ) ( from car radio ) -- here it be , sir . come in from langley now -- 259 int . car neeley hold the radio mike , as if about to say something . * nico shove he gun against the guy 's temple . female ( v.o. ) ( from car radio ) -- that agent have be with the Central american desk , uh , since ' 84 -- agent neeley * ( into mike ) thank you . that 's what I want . nico take the mike , click it back into its cradle . neeley * freeze , unsure what nico 's go to do with he . nico ( motion with gun ) dump you shoe . Ditch you i.d. on the floor . nico watch the FBI man obey . nico so you think I be a lousy cop , huh , neeley ? maybe I be . but I have not get * my face bury up Washington 's ass . agent neeley * nobody busy I , toscani . nico yeah ? then somebody pull the plug on you brain , pal . you do not come up with the second priest , do you ? or Harrison 's dead aide . ( as neeley fumble with * he lace ) hurry up ! ( as neeley obey ) * you hear the radio . the Agency 's push button and body be drop like fly . you asshole be miss half the case ! above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 72. despite he animosity toward nico , neeley be beginning to * realize this cop be onto something . agent neeley * listen . toscani -- nico grab neeley 's shoe , heave they into the back seat . * he shove the agent out the door , swing himself behind the wheel . nico watch you step . 260 ext . deserted lakefront - day nico drive off , leave the FBI man mile from nowhere . CUT to : 261 montage with score and v.o. a ) int . police headquarters - day from out of a elevator and down a busy corridor march the brass , deputy superintendent crowder include . * Lieutenant strozah lag slightly behind . they enter * a auditorium where a large contingent of press , camera ready , wait . B ) int . condo complex - hallway - day Jackson outside a apartment door in a yuppie-esque condo complex . she look both way to be safe , then slide a credit card behind the lock . the door open . C ) ext . convention CENTER - day nico park neeley 's car in a huge pack lot . a tower * marquee sign read : " computer expo ' 87 . " nico start on foot toward the convention center entrance . D ) int . condo apartment - day Jackson enter , look guilty as hell . she pick up a frame photo from a piano : the dead Senator 's aide pose smile beside a distinguished - look man ( Senator Harrison ) in front of the capitol building . Jackson set the photo down , start rummage through desk drawer . E ) int . police headquarters - day crowder * the officer be alleged to be involved in illicit drug trafficking , racketeer and kidnap -- above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 73 . * F ) int . convention CENTER nico , in the crush of convention - goer , pause before a booth promote a tv manufacturer . the latest model tv 's be set up in a sale display , with visitor gawk at the picture of the church bombing aftermath . newswoman ( v.o. ) ( on tv 's ) Police source also speculate that toscani may be connect to the suspect in the bombing of St. Elizabeth 's parish church -- a police composite rendering of the woman who place the bomb at the church be show on the television . newswoman ( v.o. ) ( on tv 's ) -- the suspect be likely to be armed and consider to be extremely dangerous -- nico 's police id photo appear on the news . he blend back into the crowd . newswoman ( v.o. ) in other news , Senator Ernest Harrison 's presidential bid have ... nico move swiftly through the convention center floor ( which be pack for thousand of square foot with sale booth , each manned by technician and pitchmen , all display the latest in high - tech data processing equipment , telecommunication , etc . ) G ) int . condo apartment - day jax stuff a wad of offical papers -- include appoint - ment book , note and tape -- into she briefcase . at the apartment door , she look both way , then emerge , start away down the hallway . h ) int . convention CENTER - computer booth - day nico in the crowd in front of the booth of a japanese computer manufacturer . Dr. watanabe ( nico 's friend whom we remember from the baptism / picnic scene ) be the chief engineer at the booth , show off some high - tech equipment to several brainy look executive . watanabe glance up , spot nico . nico make a subtle sign to indicate he must speak to watanabe . watanabe cross at once to nico . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 73a . watanabe so good to see you again , sir ! ( shake nico 's hand ) come back near close ... five - thirty ... we will place you order then . nico nod , fade like a shadow into the throng . music down , sequence end -- dissolve to : 262 int . convention CENTER - night all customer go , light be turn off . janitor sweep up , the last booth people shut down for the night . watanabe emerge with nico from behind a booth divider , lead she * old friend at a brisk pace across the desert floor . nico listen , wat ... you know I would not call in a favor -- above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 74 . * watanabe of course not . just because you keep a few ' friendly ' tribesman from cut my heart out and serve it up as pad thai ? with a wink , watanabe escort nico into a back area off the floor . carpete office divider set off a small area , pack with super sophisticated computer equipment . watanabe " boot up " a terminal , sit down with relish . watanabe the last six year I have be risk nothing but money . it 's a kick to risk my ass again . nico eye the equipment and watanabe , impressed . nico the old spook . CUT away to : 263 omitted &amp ; 264 265 int . jackson' apartment - night Jackson have the Senator 's aide 's papers spread before she , cataloge they with interest . the phone ring . Jackson pick it up . jackson ( into phone ) Jackson . whoever the voice be ( which we can not hear ) , it make Jackson forget the document . jackson ( into phone ) -- yes ... yes , of course , sister , I know who you be . ( listen ) -- where ... where be you ? CUT back to : 266 int . watanabe's computer area - night watanabe work two computer simultaneously , with the gusto of a rock keyboard player . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 75 . * watanabe -- no way to access covert ops directly . but ornstein 's at Princeton , he 's get a database bigger than langley -- ( work keyboard lovingly ) if I can not crack that turkey 's code , it 's time to hang up my rock and roll shoe -- nico watch watanabe work . watanabe -- ah , here ! here 's a little trap door . let 's see if we can wriggle up into -- ( watch the screen with anticipation ) personnel file ! operative dossier . will that do ? nico it 's a start . nico sit down beside watanabe . dissolve to : 267 full ashtray watanabe stub out a cigarette . empty coffee cup all around . nico pace , read a hard - copy printout . nico Fox have have a helluva career . ( read down page ) ' 69 to ' 76 , Cambodia , Laos . operation Phoenix . operation Green Mountain . operaton northstar . this be all vang pao , it 's all heroin -- watanabe you friend have find he metier . nico circle the " operation " on the page , hand it to watanabe . nico run personnel retrieval on all this operation . I want the name of every company man who be on they . quick dissolve to : 268 close - computer screen a list of about thirty name -- mostly civilian , but some with military rank attach . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 75a . nico ( o.s. ) altshuler . cosgrove . I know half this guy -- ( think ) okay ... now run I a update . where be this fucker now ? quick dissolve to : above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 76 . 269 nico - later pour a fresh coffee , study the screen with watanabe . watanabe ( finger track down screen ) Central american desk . Central american desk . Central -- nico thirty name from secret drug operation ... and two -third of them be in Central America . ( beat ) all right . run this two name : bautista salvano and Ramon ' chi chi' testamente . watanabe that street dealer you be talk about ? they be not gonna be in here . nico give she a look . watanabe start punch key . * 270 close - computer screen official biography of salvano and chi chi come up . watanabe ( o.s. ) well , kiss my ass . ( read ) both former somoza secret police . ( whistle , impressed ) recruited by agency , 1975 . train Fort ben , counter insurgency ... above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 76a . nico ( o.s. ) where 's Fox 's printout ? ( find it , read ) 1976 ... Fort ben . he recruit this prick ! dissolve to : 270a ext . convention hall - night * it 's even later . the last of the janitorial crew be * finish up the huge floor . a few display light remain * on , otherwise it 's dark . nico stand above , observe , * contemplate the information he have receive . * 271 int . watanabe's computer area * watanabe crap out in a chair ; nico look weary , pace , * wrack he brain . watanabe there 's nothing leave , nico . we have wrung this file dry . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 77 . nico ( mutter to himself ; think ) Fox be here , in Chicago ... or be here ... ( have a idea ) ... listen . can this thing tap into airline ? reservation record -- watanabe I can get you the ball score , too . dissolve to : 272 nico as he finish view the screen , stand . nico five agent from Central american desk . all train assassin . all arrive in Chicago in the last week -- and none of they have leave . nico grab he coat , gulp a last swallow of coffee -- nico thanks , wat . you finally may have do some good for you country . watanabe where be you go ? nico to find a priest . CUT to : 273 ext . convention CENTER - night Jackson 's unmark car whip into the curb . aboard : * Jackson and lukich . nico step from the shadow , duck into the back seat . the car take off . 274 int . unmarked car - moving - night nico how do ya find he ? jackson the nun phone I . she say two man have be sneaking around the church . she sound scared -- nico check he .45 . two spare clip . 78 . jackson there 's more . I get the papers from that senator 's aide 's apartment . everything Harrison 's be work on . it 's all at my place . CUT to : 275 elevate subway train - night boom past camera , only a few foot away from a row of tenement apartment building . as train sound recede , camera move in on one building . we hear loud upbeat rock and roll come from a third - floor apartment -- 276 ext . tenement - Pov from car on STREET - night voice ( o.s. ) ( from within car ) once you be inside , you will signal we . 277 int . car - closeup on trembling woman ( same STREET ) it be the Middle - age woman who leave the bomb , see in Father genarro 's church . a police sketch of she be see on tele - vision . she be look up at the third - floor window , get instruction . she turn around occasionally to see who 's talk to she . salvano ( o.s. ) do not be scared . you life depend on this . 278 close on driver it be one of salvano 's goons we have see before . he be check he gun . 279 int . tenement hallway - night the woman walk slowly down the hall . she carry a small donation can . she knock on a door . we hear footstep from within the apartment . the door open . it 's bonifacia , the nun from the church ( though now in civvy ) . the Middle - age woman with the donation can raise it as if ask for a contribution . bonificia look flustered , impatient . she really do not want to leave the door open . middle - aged woman exusame , por favor . tiene dinero para ... 280 from nowhere Three of salvano 's armed goons appear on both side of the doorway . they push both woman violently into the apartment . 79 . 281 closeup - goon he step quickly , surely into the apartment . 282 closeup - bedroom door it fly open . the goon point he gun at the camera . 283 gunmen' Pov Father tomassino , the costa rican priest , stand at the window , he have be try to open it . he turn . he know he can not escape . 284 ext . apartment - Pov from salvano's car the light in the apartment window blink twice . 285 ext . tenement - STREET - night from two car emerge the shape of several man . 286 ext . chicago STREET - night Jackson 's car -- with Jackson , nico and lukich aboard -- swing around a corner into a traffic jam . the horn blare . 287 int . tenement apartment - third floor - night a stereo speaker blast music from the front room . camera pan across bonifacia 's bedroom dresser . we see memento of she life and a photo of herself with Father genarro with a group of child . camera continue to pan past bonifacia 's bed , past bonifacia 's body ! camera continue down to the floor , where lie the lady who plant the bomb . they both appear dead . 288 close - father tomassino he be in a chair , he wrist strapped to the chair arm . he be sweat , fearful but cling to he courage . 289 another angle behind Father tomassino , we see salvano , chi chi and two other goons , armed with pistol . salvano move toward the priest , set a small tv table down beside he . the priest glance toward it -- 290 priest Pov - tv table atop its rickety surface : a fearsome array of syringe and drug vial . 291 back to father tomassino he glance up from the hypodermics -- above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 80 . 292 priest Pov into frame move kurt Zagon ! we see clearly the 15 year of * aging since SE Asia . his face be even scarier than when he perform similar atrocity in that day . Zagon prepare a syringe , test it , shoot a clear liquid skyward . zagon you will be in heaven in a few minute , padre . but first I be go to put you through hell . 293 ext . chicago STREET - night nico , lukich and Jackson be speed through the infamous southside . we want to scream at they to get there already . 294 back to apartment salvano hold the priest 's arm steady , Zagon move in with the needle . zagon you come here to talk to the * Senator 's aide , do not you ? * father tomassino I try . but you kill he first . * zagon who tell you about we plan ? * father tomassino this be from confession . I tell no one . zagon you would not lie to I , Father ? it 's a sin . Father tomassino say nothing , he begin to cry . zagon ( almost with kindness ) if you speak to anyone , tell I now -- ( indicate hypo ) -- and I will not have to use this . 295 ext . tenement - night the unmark police car pull up , across the street . 296 int . car - night nico , Jackson , and lukich gaze at the building . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 80a . 296a Pov from car * in the shadow by the corner , a hulk latino man loiter . * jackson ( o.s. ) * that 's a eyeball if I ever see one . * 296b back to car * nico start to open the car door . Jackson move to join he . * nico you be we backup . if we come out run , then you can shoot . nico 's eye meet he partner 's . it 's plain he will break she leg if he have to , to keep she safe by the car . Jackson accept this reluctantly . 81 . 297 ext . tenement - night nico and lukich exit the vehicle . nico indicate a adjacent building ; he and lukich start for it . 298 int . apartment Father tomassino be beginning to come under the influence of Zagon 's chemical . in spite of this the priest 's spirit to resist be astounding ... zagon speak to I , Father -- who do you tell ? father tomassino I know what you be . I know what beast you be . 299 ext . adjacent build - roof of tenement nico and lukich emerge from the roof door , gun draw . the roof be empty . antennas , skylight , clothesline . the pair creep soundlessly onto the next roof . they cross toward the roof door like infantrymen , move one at a time from cover to cover , cover each other . they reach the door that lead down into the building . nico check the far side of the enclosure , nod to lukich . lukich crack the roof door open -- 300 stairwell from roof - nico and lukich nico and lukich creep down the stair from the roof . nico open the door lead to the top ( third ) floor . 301 int . apartment the drug have take hold . the priest 's brain be a open memory bank for Zagon to probe . zagon I want to know who you tell . father tomassino ( barely coherent ) I tell they ... you make the nino ... see ... castrate they father -- raping ... mutilate they mother ... and ... ( break down cry ) ... and sometimes ... to the nino ... 302 nico be Pov - hallway as he slowly push the door open . the hallway be empty . 303 int . hallway nico and lukich pad in . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 82. quickly lukich check the stair lead down . nico cross silently past the first apartment door , check the far end of the hallway . nico come back toward the apartment door . lukich approach from the opposite side . they take up position flanking the door , gun draw . the loud music continue from inside . 304 inside apartment salvano and chi chi look on , revulse . whatever be happen to Father tomassino be enough to make even cruel man ill . zagon ( o.s. ) -- tell I the truth , Father -- the priest 's eye roll grotesquely ; he convulse , sweat bead on he forehead . he look like a man in the agony of some narcotic hell . zagon ( close to priest ) -- can we kill he ? if you tell anyone , about we plan to kill the senator , we cannot do it . father tomassino nadie . nadie . nadie . * 305 nico and lukich in hallway o.s. we hear another elevate train approaching outside . nico kick the apartment door in ! he and lukich burst in , gun clutch two-hand . 306 quick cut the first goon react , raise he pistol . lukich shoot he . nico nail the second goon , just as chi chi aim he saw - off pistol - grip shotgun at nico . nico have a split second to dive behind a heavy upholster chair . chi chi 's double - barrel blast blow the chair into powder . almost instan - taneously nico see the priest -- just as Zagon slashes the priest 's throat ! salvano shoot lukich point blank , in the shoulder , send lukich 's gun sailing . nico , firing , grab lukich , dive out the door with he -- 307 hallway Zagon and salvano OPEN FIRE from the apartment full - tilt . bullet rip through the wall , blasting wood and plaster everywhere . nico shove lukich toward the stairwell -- nico go! go ! -- simultaneously firing back through the kick - in door , emptying he gun . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 83. zagon ( in Spanish , from apartment ) get he ! finish he ! nico be slamm a fresh clip in , lukich be stumbling away toward the stairwell . salvano and chi chi appear in the apartment doorway . chi chi level he fierce " hogleg " at nico 's head . at that instant -- a broadside of bullet slam into the wall around chi chi . it 's Jackson -- on the stair ! chi chi be hit , but spin , fire . his shotgun blast catch Jackson square in the chest , blow she back like a doll , down the stairwell , out of sight . nico react with agony , * twist on the floor , shoot chi chi in the face . nico pull the trigger as fast as he can , send a hail of FIRE through the doorway , through the wall . salvano clutches he hench - man , use he dead body as a shield ; nico 's bullet blow chi chi apart . Zagon fire back , hit nico in the side by the rib ! nico try to fire back ; he 's empty ! zagon now ! nico bolt for the stairwell to the roof , claw for a new clip as he go . salvano and Zagon burst into the hallway , shoot at nico . 308 intercut - elevate train thundering along the track adjacent to the building . 309 ext . roof - night nico highball from the stairwell as the tarpaper roof erupt all around he with gunfire from the floor below ! he dive sideways , roll to avoid the fire -- he recover he foot in time to see salvano and Zagon burst onto the roof from the stairwell . nico 's bullet miss they ; they separate , take cover behind two wall at the roof 's margin . nico be trap -- in the open . 310 zagon and salvano pop back out , aim at nico -- 311 nico leap off the roof ! 312 angle - elevate train - moving nico land on the roof of the speed " el " train , he momentum nearly carry he off the far side -- 313 nico - atop train catch a railing , claw at it . bullet rip into the train roof all around he -- above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 84 . 314 atop tenement roof - salvano and zagon FIRE for all they be worth at nico 's recede form . 315 atop train - nico crawl to the space between car , lower himself down . he cling to the sway chain . 315a int . train car nico stagger through the almost empty car and collapse on a bench . 316 around corner - two police car hurtle into view under the El , siren blaring . * 317 back on tenement roof Zagon and salvano scramble away . 318 omitted CUT to : 319 ext . EL station - stairway to STREET - night a cleaner , more upscale neighborhood . nico labor down the step , clutching he jacket to he rib . several affluent people look at he oddly , he ignore they , keep go -- he make he way up the street , weaken , to a tasteful brown - stone . nico climb the step in pain -- quick dissolve to : 320 int . jackson' apartment - bathroom - night nico over the sink , shirt off , water running -- apply a makeshift bandage to he bloody rib . we see Jackson 's make - up stuff along the counter , feminine robe hang on the door , law book around a read stand . nico be in real pain , exhaust , weaken -- 321 live room - night nico at Jackson 's desk , its surface spread with the note and papers she get from Senator Harrison 's aide 's place . we glimpse they : photo of Central american atrocity , dead body , etc . he try to study they , quickly , but he attention shift -- nico glance around the apartment : more law book , Jackson 's degree on the wall , she row machine on the floor , several frame photo beside he on she desk . nico turn several toward he . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 85 . 322 insert - framed photo Jackson with she sister and they kid , Jackson in law class , Jackson and nico pose , smile , at the police shoot - ing range -- 323 back to nico he start to cry . nico ( to Jackson 's photo ) -- have to be a hero ... another fuck hero . I be sorry jax . he reach for a small calendar , look at it . 324 closeup - calendar nico circle " meet with Father tomassino . " nico circle another date , " Senator deliver foreign policy position paper / Committee for Democratic policy fund raiser . " * 325 omitted &amp ; 326 327 back to nico nico scoops up the aide 's papers , stand , wobbly -- nico -- Senator ... -- ( of papers , with scorn ) -- dumb fuck ... think they be gonna let you put them outta business -- 327a int . emergency room corridor - night several cop frantically clear the way to the emergency room . a gurney be wheeled down the corridor . lukich , a shoulder bandage , walk beside the gurney , hold the hand of Jackson . 327b closeup on a bloody flak jacket rest upon the gurney . 327c closeup - jackson she 's be sedate . she have buckshot wound on she neck and shoulder , but she be alive . jackson ( to lukich ) you call nico 's goddamn uncle and find out if he 's hear anything . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 85a . * lukich ( wounded himself ) you just shutup and take it easy , pal . 328 int . taxi - night closeup of nico riding through the wet street . 328a int . emergency room lukich be on the phone . his shirt be off and he 's be bandage . in the background Jackson be also be care for . lukich ( on phone ) we do not know what happen to he , branca . ya , she 's gonna be alright . 328b int . branca' safe house - night branca , a bodyguard next to he , grimly put down the phone . he look devastate . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 86. 329 ext . driveway - branca' safe house - night from the darkness , nico appear , barely make it up the driveway . we hear the sound of the cab drive off . 330 ext . branca' safe house - night branca and a bodyguard come forward , grab nico as nico almost collapse . branca Jesus Christ ! nico the motherfuckas get Jackson . branca lukich call . she 's not dead . she 's gonna make it . she be wear a vest . nico can not believe it . in spite of it all , life come to he . a little smile ... nico that broad do not trust I . CUT to : 331 ext . branca' safe house - Pov from window - night we glimpse several armed bodyguard in conceal position . a late-model cadillac pull up . a man carry a doctor 's bag get out and be escort to the side door . 332 int . branca' safe house - night Rosa have pull back the curtain from the second - floor bed - room window . she witness the arrival of the doctor . on the bed behind she sleep Sara and Julian . a bodyguard * stand outside the bedroom door . 333 int . basement family room - night the doctor tend nico . bloody bandage and antiseptic bottle litter a coffee table . two guard stand by . branca be show nico a 8 - by - 11 photograph . branca it be pick up with you mail this afternoon . 334 insert - photograph a shot of nico 's family take from a park car , in front of the church , the morning of the bombing . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 87 . 335 back to nico and branca nico 's grim expression show he know just what this mean . branca do not worry , they be book on a early plane . they will be out of the country tomorrow . nico wince as the doctor finish apply a bandage . in the background we hear a commotion . 336 int . basement stairway - night a bodyguard try to fend off the physical and verbal assault from Sara and Rosa . Sara carry Julian . * 337 int . basement family room - night Sara rush to nico 's side . nico reach for she , but * the pain stab he . SARA * oh my God , nico ! * Rosa start forward , she face in agony at the sight of she wounded son . branca he 's fine . the boy have rib of steel ! rosa ( touch nico 's brow ) enough of you humor . Sara cling to nico 's arm , tear in she eye . Rosa * cross herself . Sara begin to weep . the doctor finish . * there 's a long awkward moment . then : branca ( to doctor and bodyguard ) leave they . leave they alone . quick dissolve to : 338 int . family room - later Rosa sit in a chair . nico on the couch , hold Julian . Sara face he . tear have stain she cheek , but she * be in control of she emotion now . * SARA -- you have get to do it , nico . you know you have to . whatever Sara be propose , nico be dead set against it . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 88 . * rosa listen to she , nicola . ( dead serious ) whatever you think of he , federico be family . he be we family . nico make no response . instead , he lift Julian , nuzzle he tenderly . nico ever notice how clean baby smell ? like nothing in the world have touch they yet . Sara glance to Rosa . Rosa know what she want . dis - creetly Rosa rise , exit . Sara and nico be alone . SARA if you will not go to he , I will . nico ( in pain ) do not push I like this -- her eye meet he -- loving , but desperate . SARA branca can put we on a plane -- but where can we fly to ? tibet ? the moon ? there 's nowhere they can not find we . nico you do not know what the hell you be talk about . SARA I be talk about everything I have learn from you in the past five year . nico be in agony . nico you know I can not go to he . Sara take both he hand in hers . SARA do you know why I love you ? do you know what it be about you that I have always love ? ( as nico fight he own emotion ) pride . it 's what you have inside . you do not live the way other people live . you trust what you see as right and will not let anyone or anything make you stray from it . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 88a . * move in past Sara to nico 's face . SARA ( o.s. ) but now that pride may kill all of we . ( beat ) you have get to swallow that pride , nico . choke on it if you have to . Lay it aside . 339 another angle - nico and SARA Close together , with they baby between they . Sara bury she face against she husband 's chest . nico 's arm go around she . he hold she tight . CUT to : 340 close - nico - against wall - day he wear a suit and tie , a hat . all business . man ( o.s. ) be this the attorney ? another man ( o.s. ) you can come now , Mr. carlucci . o.s. we hear a metallic sound begin , very close -- pull back to : 341 another angle to reveal bar which slide electrically to the side . a prison door open , let he through . 342 angle - prison corridor - day nico , escort by a prison guard , walk down a long , blank hallway . CUT to : 343 nico wait in a barren reception room . several bench , table ; heavy steel mesh over window -- 344 nico be Pov - across room a steel door open on the far side . out step a small italian man in he seventies , wear the fade denim of a inmate . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 88b-90 . 345 int . prison corridor - long shot - day * nico and the small man ( frederico larusso ) walk together down * a long corridor , speak occasionally , the tension thick * between they . behind they , a discreet fifteen pace , walk * two armed prison official . 346 closer - larusso and nico the old man never look directly at nico , yet we sense keenly that he be take the young man 's measure . frederico larusso I be only a old man . a old man with a cancer . the two be like a old and a young lion , appraise each other -- use all five sense and more . nico I do not have much time , uncle . so I must speak plainly . larusso listen . nico wait for a beat . then : above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 91 . nico ( this be very painful for he ) -- for as long as I have be old enough to think , I have hate you and hate everything you stand for . larusso take this in without a flicker . nico I be so sure that you and I be on opposite side of the fence ... and that you and you people be destroy this country -- nico pause , glance away across the grounds . nico -- the most painful realization of my life be that the people I work for and you be not far apart . ( meet larusso 's eye ) -- and there 's not much difference between what you be and what I be . larusso study nico a long moment . then take nico 's elbow . * * 347 omitted * 348 nico and larusso continue across the grounds . frederico larusso I will be candid with you . I know , probably before you do , that you would be come to I . I know what you would ask ... and I have every intention of refuse you . he glance to nico . frederico larusso but it be a form of wisdom to know when to cease rely only upon yourself . he keep walk . frederico larusso you know , of course , that this Senator Harrison will never live to make he speech tomorrow . ( as nico acknowledge ) you know , too , that as long as this man ... this torturer -- above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 92. nico kurt Zagon . frederico larusso -- as long as this Zagon life , nothing I can do will guarantee you family 's safety . ( beat ) ' ecce non uomine , ecce bestie . ' you know Dante ? ( translate ) ' this be not man , this be animal . ' larusso stop , take a small note pad from he pocket . he quickly scribbles a few line . frederico larusso memorize this address . he hold the paper for nico to see . frederico larusso have you get it in you mind ? nico nod . larusso tear the paper into tiny shred . * 349 int . admin build - reception room - day the old man take he leave of nico with a warm , if formal handshake . the guard stand by , wait . frederico larusso thank you , Mr. carlucci . I trust you will give my love to my niece , Rosa . nico I will do that , Mr. larusso . ( sincerely ) I hope you will be well . 350 larusso nod : " bene . " then : without a word he turn and exit back through the steel door . CUT to : 351 int . o'hare airport - boarding gate - day passenger file aboard a flight to Toronto . hug , goodby . Rosa , carry the baby , be among the crowd move toward the board door . leave with they be two of branca 's man . we pick out branca and two of he bodyguard near the fringe , look inobtrusive but definitely on guard . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 92a/93 . 352 corner near branca Hidden by a bank of phone , Sara cling to nico , hold * he as tight as she can . when she release he , we can not hear what she say , but it seem like , " be careful , please be careful . " nico glance to branca , who motion subtly to hurry . he squeeze Sara 's hand , she join the crowd swell * toward the board door -- CUT to : 353 ext . o'hare - runway - day ( stock ) * a Air Canada plane blast skyward . 354 nico and branca watch from a open corner of a parking lot . as the plane begin its bank to gain altitude , branca turn to nico . the two bodybuard keep a discreet watch nearby . branca you get the architect 's drawing ? wiring , floor plan -- nico indicate a briefcase he be carry . nico it 's all here . nico turn to he uncle . regards he with affection . branca I could help you from here on . nico it 's not you business . nico embrace he uncle by both shoulder . nico grazie , tio caro . branca pat nico 's cheek . branca take care of yourself , nicola . CUT to : 355 series of shot several shot of high - rise cityscape at night . dissolve to : above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 94 . 356 omitted * through * 360 * 361 telescope Pov - chicago skyline - night camera pan to the apartment complex across the plaza . focus on one suite on the topmost floor . curtain be draw on all window , but through one crack we glimpse a man pace . the man wear a white shirt and a shoulder holster . 362 raise telescope Pov to the roof of the apartment complex . we see a heli-pad . two more man , also in suit -- smoking , talk . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 95 . 363 lower telescope Pov back to the apartment suite . now another man cross before the gap in the curtain . wearing a cowboy hat : Zagon ! he 's laugh , pour himself a drink at the wet bar -- 364 ext . rooftop skyscraper - night * nico , look through a high - tech night telescope . his * briefcase be by he foot , open . several architect 's * drawing , floor plan visible . 365 nico lift he eye from the scope , jot a note on a pocket pad . * voice ( o.s. ) not even you can hit he at this range , nico . o.s. behind nico : the unmistakable sound of a .45 safety be clicked off . nico freeze , he back to the voice . he raise he hand . nico that be not the plan , Nelson . 366 nelson fox cover nico from behind with a silencer-fitted .45 . he glance to the briefcase and building plan , on the floor . fox Close range , huh ? never work . place be rig , scan every 35 second . nico ( back still turn ) I be think of a mine on the roof . remote-triggered , when the chopper come in . fox roof 's wire too . sensor every fifteen foot . Fox 's finger rest ready on the trigger . fox you can turn now . slowly . slooowly ... nico turn . we see Fox clearly now . his boyish feature have weathered since he " spook " day in Vietnam . there be grey in he hair now : he wear a expensive suit and be alone . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 96 . fox I figure you would do you recon from this building . nico regards he old mate across the gun barrel . nico you be look fit , Nelson . fox get a bit of a tire . nico ( indicate Fox 's suit ) you own tailor ? fox Hong Kong . nico you have go a long way . Fox motion for nico to dump he gun ; nico comply , drop it gently into the briefcase . nico take half a step toward Fox . Fox shake he head in warning . fox uh uh . uhhh -uh ... ( motion nico back ) I know what you can do when you get too close to a man . 367 closeup - nico * nico * I do not believe you , Fox . * 367a int . build corridor - night * nico walk , hand behind he head . Fox be catty - corner be - * hind he , carry the briefcase , .45 levele at nico 's back . * fox -- what 's so hard to believe . I want to help you , you dumb guinea ! nico Fox the fixer . fox if I want to cap you , I would have save myself this chit-chat . make big point for I to bring in you scalp . I would be White House material . nico be that what Zagon be ? one of you basement boy ? above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 96a . fox Zagon 's a rancher . 4000 acre in costa rica . beautiful place . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 97 . * nico buy with what -- opium from Cambodia ? fox and a ton a week of coke from other place . nico which he funnel here through salvano . with the company get its cut . fox legal tender . nico still dodging appropriation committee , eh , Nelson ? fox that 's my job , nico . they arrive at a elevator . fox keep you nose in the corner . when we get out , stay five pace ahead of I . Cross down to the garage . 367b int . lower corridor nico and Fox emerge from the elevator . nico lower he hand from behind he head . Fox keep he gun out of sight as he and nico step past . 368 elevator bank - night Fox maintain a slight distance behind nico as they cross to - ward some escalator under a sign : " to parking level 8 . " nico the Senator could not be buy , could he ? he be gonna blow the lid off , so you clear Zagon to frost he -- fox keep walk . 369 int . parking structure they reach a corner and turn . 97a . nico but the priest find out somehow and run here . you could not do the Senator 's number ' till you know if the priest have talk . so Zagon fly in with he little medical bag . only by then I be in on it -- and you think I might recognize he handiwork . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 98. 370 parking garage - valet station * several guest and diner wait by the cashier 's booth for they car to be fetch . valet hustle with ticket . Fox and nico come off the escalator . fox if you name be Joe Smith I never would have catch it . but how many nicola toscani 's be there ? nico you get it off the arrest sheet . Fox hand he ticket to the cashier , motion nico to the side , away from the guest , still keep he distance -- should nico try to make a move . fox I try to warn you , old buddy . I know you have wiretaps . and I know you would not let them go . nico only I be too dumb to crack it . I be so busy try to figure a code , I do not even recognize Zagon 's voice . it 's all crystal clear to nico now . nico so we kill we own senator now . fox why not ? the Roman do . a cadillac pull up ; the valet hop out , two particularly florid , well - feed guest get in , tipping the valet . nico ( to Fox , watch the guest ) be we the Roman ? fox we be a empire too . Fox do not like the look nico give he . fox would you rather spoon borscht and quote lenin ? ( lose patience ) I be try to save you , asshole ! I get a spot for you . Thailand , deep under , no name , no number -- 99 . nico do what -- processing heroin ? fox you ' consult . ' you 'assist . ' you send check to you family . Zagon will not touch you , you will be on the team -- nico fuck you . fox in five year you be out , with a fat swiss account and a gs - 15 pension . nico stare at he old friend with contempt . he see the gun under Fox 's coat , but he 's too tired and too disgust to care -- nico you know , Fox , right now in Israel they be try some 80 - year - old camp guard for war crime . and all around we country there be guy on death row for kill one person , two people . and probably they all deserve it -- he take a step toward Fox . Fox 's hand tighten on he gun . nico ( emotion rise ) -- but you and I know a couple guy personally who be responsible for the murder of at least what ... 60,000 non - military personnel . ( tick off the beat ) viet. lao. thai. cambodian . librarian , teacher , doctor ... woman , child ... and that 's just a sliver of it . Fox try to maintain a hard face . but he own guilty conscience be work -- nico ( press closer ) we have wipe out entire fuck country . and not one agent -- fox ( move gun into nico 's view ) stop right there ! above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 100 . nico ( do not stop ) -- not one c.i.a. agent have ever be try or convict , much less accuse of any crime . ( closer still ) you motherfucker think you be above the law -- ( right in Fox 's face ) well , you be not above mine . nico hold himself , tremble with intensity . at that moment -- o.s. from the garage entrance ramp : the squeal of approaching tire . nico and Fox turn to see -- * note * 4-17 - 87 . the following sequence ( scene 371 - 401 ) will be modified to conform to location . do not build or purchase without checking with stunt coordinator and assistant director . storyboard and new page will be available next week . 371 a big car * screech to a halt in front of they . five man dismount * swiftly . salvano , bad dude , and two agent type from the * tenement ... and Zagon ! * Zagon and he man be forty foot from nico and Fox , play it cool so as not to alarm any innocent bystander , but the bulk under they jacket be unmistakably gun . nico well ... well . what a team we have here . zagon ( call , friendly ) we have be look for you , Nelson . I see you have find we friend . Fox look shaky , unnerve : nico 's word have hit too close to home . now nico back away a step , ready for anything . one of Zagon 's agent hold they car 's rear door open . * nico thanks for the help , Fox . fox I do not bring he , nico . I swear it ! zagon have you two be share fond memory ? reminisc about the good old day ? Zagon wave nico and Fox toward he car . Zagon and * salvano start forward . Fox glance , tear , to nico , who have back away another half -step . will nico attack ? run for it ? 100a . fox stay still ! ( to nico ) do not fuck move !! Fox pull he .45 from concealment , cover nico . a evening - gowned woman , wait with she husband for they car , hear Fox 's shout , see he gun . 101 . evening gown woman ( grab she husband 's arm ) Jack -- the husband see . so do the other guest . salvano see they alarm ; he swing he jacket open , revealing a snub machine gun . someone scream -- zagon bring in we friend , Nelson . salvano 's muzzle cover Fox and nico -- zagon be a good boy -- 372 fox his moment of truth . fox dive , nico !! he fire -- at salvano ! in the same instant , salvano pull he own trigger ! salvano 's machine gun burst cut Fox down , a milli-second before Fox 's .45 slug blows salvano off he foot ! pandemonium . Fox , die , sling he .45 to nico , who snatch it from the ground just as a hail of machine gun FIRE thunder around he . nico dive headlong behind a concrete column , which be instantly chew to shred by gunfire . Zagon fire he mac - 10 on full automatic . a second agent hurry forward to outflank nico . nico pop from behind the column , drill the agent broadside behind the ear , blow the whole side of he head off ! guest and valet be shriek in terror , hit the deck in cluster , claw and scramble over each other for safety . zagon ( to first agent , advance ) move ! nico spring from cover , firing , try to bolt down the garage ramp , toward the lower level . his path put the first agent directly in Zagon 's line of fire . Zagon do not hesitate ; he open up on nico , cut down he own man -- salvano have get to he foot , wounded , but still handle he gun . he join Zagon , rush forward -- 373 ramp to lower level a valet round a corner , unsuspecting , bring up a car . nico be on he like a cat , tear the poor boy from behind the wheel , leaping in -- above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 102. 374 zagon and salvano tear around the corner at the top of the ramp . both OPEN FIRE as -- 375 nico - in car highball straight toward they ! 376 salvano hold the trigger down , full automatic -- 377 nico's car ( moving ) nico drop below the dash , drive blind . the windshield be blown apart , both front tire explode , the radiator blast steam -- 378 zagon reloading as salvano fire . 379 nico's car pinwheel out of control , its nose face away from salvano and Zagon . the car brake furiously -- 380 nico hit reverse , look back over the seat -- 381 nico be Pov - through rear car window he see salvano , he clip empty now , hurry to wrestle a fresh magazine in -- 382 angle - nico's car and salvano nico floor it in reverse , slamm into salvano , lift he off he foot , smash he with the car into a metal * grate wall . * 383 salvano a horrible death . 383a ext . parking structure - night * from the eighth floor the metal grate of the parking struc - * ture blow out onto the street below , follow by salvano 's * body . * 384 nico - behind the wheel burning rubber furiously , away from the wall -- 102a . 385 zagon reloaded , turn he gun toward nico , when -- 386 two uniformed HOTEL security guard hurtle around the corner from the escalator , gun draw . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 103. first security guard ( shout to Zagon ) you there -- Zagon spin , rip both guard with a fierce burst ! the Guards drop . Zagon turn to -- 387 nico - out of car on he foot , charge straight at Zagon . nico grab he , slam Zagon with incredible force into a concrete column . Zagon 's gun go fly , but miraculously he spin away . nico dive for he , get he neck in a grip that be certain to snap it in half a second . but -- 388 hagon' knife appear in the torturer 's hand . it slashes nico , right a- cross he already wounded rib ! nico cry in agony -- 389 zagon scamper free . nico get to he foot , bleed . nico be between Zagon and Zagon 's machine gun on the ground . Zagon bolt for he car . nico dive for the gun -- * 390 car * Zagon floor it into a scorching 360 , blast up the exit ramp , out of nico 's line of fire -- 391 nico leap into the other , half - destroy car . its two front tire be flat , windshield blow out , radiator pouring steam . nico do the only thing he can do : put the pedal to the metal in reverse , blast across the ramp divider , take off after Zagon in reverse -- 392 on ramp - zagon be car * another car be come down . Zagon sideswipe it into a wall , keep go -- 393 on ramp - nico's wrecked car rear tire churning smoke , front flat scraping on they rim ... he pour on the speed -- 394 top of ramp - HOTEL access drive Zagon 's car whip out into the night - time commotion . pedestrian , police siren o.s. Zagon look behind he -- 395 nico be car - top of ramp hurtle into view in reverse ! above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 104 . 396 hagon' car * be trap by the traffic . Zagon look around wildly , then floor the accelerator . Zagon 's car buck straight up the * pedestrian step , onto the plaza ! stroller scream and scatter as it fishtail wildly , careen toward the * huge stone fountain -- 397 nico's wrecked car follow , pour smoke , in reverse ! nico cut Zagon off , crash into Zagon 's car broadside , send it skitter * sideways into the fountain retain wall -- 398 zagon leap free , sprint toward the hotel alley . nico take off after he on foot -- 399 ext . alley - rear of HOTEL - night Zagon race down the darkest of alley , round a corner -- 400 nico hurtle after he , gain . nico whip around the alley corner , straight into : 401 four armed agent wait beside a plain grey tv remote van . nico skitter * to a stop as a shotgun , a m - 16 and two pistol cover he . shotgun agent raise he weapon to fire -- zagon no ! I want he ! I want he alive ! 402 ext . midland HOTEL - night * a banner read : welcome committee for democratic policy * 403 ext . another alley - behind midland HOTEL - night * a car pull up . nico , he wrist tie , be drag into the basement of the hotel . Zagon follow . CUT to : 404 int . basement room - night sweating , windowless concrete . overhead pipe . churn machinery . as the camera reveal this airtight dungeon -- pistol agent ( o.s. ) -- this be bullshit , Zagon . we get work to do . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 105 . zagon ( o.s. ) all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . 405 nico in a metal chair , wrist tape in front of he . one agent stand behind he , clasp a thin cable noose wrap tight around nico 's throat . shotgun agent hold he weapon on he , its twin muzzle inch from nico 's skull . 406 zagon finish wash he hand in a industrial - type sink . he be clean up , wear a fresh shirt , he hair comb . when he dry he hand , he look like a surgeon prepare to operate . zagon we have get a hour before the honorable senator . ( hand towel to pistol agent ) you have get to learn to take time , smell the rose . Zagon turn to nico . nico how be you gonna do he , Zagon ? in a motorcade ? or pass through a hotel kitchen ? the noose agent jerk he cable tight , make nico gag and choke . Zagon motion to slacken off . he stop at a small table before nico -- unroll a well - wear feel pouch . Zagon watch nico 's reaction as the tool of the inter - rogator 's trade come into view -- drug vial , syringe , scalpel , surgical tool . zagon I have use this little beauty many time to extract information -- ( lift a needle to the light ) -- this will be the first time I have ever use they ... just for fun . Zagon set the syringe down , slip on a heavy , weight glove . zagon ( to agent ) take he arm . pistol agent and bad dude move in , one on each side , * seize nico 's forearm . shotgun agent hold he weapon tight to nico 's head . 106 . Zagon punch nico square in the face , so hard the chair reel backward , spin out from under nico -- zagon hold he up ! pistol agent and bad dude lift nico . Zagon slam he again . again . nico 's cheekbone be break ; blood drain from he nose . Zagon aim a two -hande blow ; backhand nico , crush the other side of he face ! Zagon back off , chest heaving . pistol agent and bad dude plop nico back in the chair , gag , choke by the noose . nico look like the viet prisoner -- the one we see in the open sequence . like the prisoner , nico take he beat -- still conscious , still meeting Zagon 's eye with defiance . zagon this be where you come in , toscani . only , now it 's where you be gonna check out . he take off he glove , grab the syringe . pistol agent and bad dude clamp nico 's right arm down tight . Zagon inject nico . 407 nico react instantly to the hypo -- cursing , sputtering under the choke noose . he twist wildly try to free he - self , but the agent ' powerful arm hold he . zagon that 's it . fight it , cherry . fight it , so it speed faster on its way -- nico struggle more violently . zagon fight it . till the vessel burst in you brain . till the artery rupture in you heart -- slowly , the struggle go out of nico . his muscle go limp ; he slump -- drool , babbling incoherently . zagon that 's my boy . that 's what I be wait for -- Zagon produce he famous knife . he motion pistol agent and bad dude to release nico 's arm . noose agent slacken he grip on the choke cable . Zagon move in closer , gloat , coo -- 107 . zagon a fool learn from he own mistake . but a wise man learn from the mistake of other -- ( move closer , blade in hand ) you should have kill I when you have the chance , toscani -- the blade move to nico 's throat . suddenly : nico spring to life ( catch noose man by surprise and jerk the cable from he grip ) -- grab Zagon with he tape hand by the throat , lift he bodily , slamm he ferociously into the wall ! Zagon drop to the floor , half - conscious . nico spin instantly to find : the shot - gun agent right behind he , raise he weapon to nico 's face , about to pull the trigger . nico sidestep , grab the man 's wrist . the shotgun goe off , miss nico by inch , blast a huge chunk out of the concrete wall . the noose agent draw he weapon from he shoulder holster . nico snap the shotgun agent 's wrist , flipping he through the air , simultaneously grab the weapon , spin behind the noose agent , then use the shotgun barrel like a club to smash the back of he head in ! another swing wipe out pistol agent . bad dude , now with a clear shot , aim he m - 16 . nico blow he away with a double - barrel shotgun blast . in a flash , nico have spun to Zagon 's surgical tool table , lift a rzor-sharp scalpel and slashed the tape , freeing he hand . he yank the choke cable off he neck -- 408 zagon - against wall on he foot again . he reach swiftly to the floor , snatch up he famous knife . nico confront he -- face batter , bloody -- shaking , battle internal spasm . zagon can you feel the chemical , cherry ? you can not fight them much longer -- nico Long enough to finish you . sweating , half -spit , Zagon slashes at nico like a animal -- nico trap the knife , and enter , smashes Zagon in the face with one lightning blow . we see Zagon 's nose and face completely cave in . nico come under Zagon 's elbow , the arm that still hold the knife clamping it in a vise - like grip and bend it backwards , slowly , against the joint -- which now start to rip in half . Zagon be scream and cursing , writhe in agony -- the drug have hit nico full force now . he 's weaken , he eye be start to roll . Zagon try one last surge of strength to save himself ; it almost seem he will wriggle free when : the elbow joint snap in half with a sicken - ing sound . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 108. as the joint hang , dangle grotesquely , nico reach up around Zagon 's neck , still hold the dangle limb with one arm . he begin to now do to Zagon 's neck what he do to he arm . we hear a terminal crack . Zagon 's body crumple to the floor . nico , in delirium , stagger toward the door -- 409 int . HOTEL lobby - rear stairwell - night a woman at a pay phone . she turn , drop the receiver in shock as -- 410 nico burst , delirious , from the stairwell door ! 411 MAIN lobby - front entrance a commotion as lukich , agent neeley and Jackson , arm in a * sling , race in from they car . 412 MAIN lobby - rear - nico weave wildly forward . he drop to he knee . guest react in astonishment and horror . 412a jackson be the first to spot nico . she run up to he as he collapse . 412b nico look at Jackson . 413 lukich and neeley * reach nico and Jackson . lukich ( shouting for anyone ) be there a hotel doctor ? call 911 ! above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 108a . * 414 nico pass out in Jackson 's arm . behind they we see a banner , announce Senator Harrison 's address . from the ballroom we hear cheer and applause . a fiery address be be finish inside . the senator be now leave . 415 full shot - lobby total confusion . guest stare everywhere . from a side office , a man with a medical bag come run . the senator see the group around nico . fade out . fade in on : 416 ext . nico's house - day Press van outside ; a crush of car , reporter , neighbor . newsmen be try to gain access to the house , hold back by several cop and some of nico 's more strapping relative . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 109 . 417 buick station wagon escort by two police motorcycle , pull in . the press surround it as lukich , neeley , Lieutenant strozah and * Jackson , she arm in a sling , disembark from the car . 417a second car pull up . neeley walk over and open the door as a court * stenographer , carry she transcription machine case , step out -- follow by a federal judge , clayton alspaugh and senator ernest harrison . 418 reporter shove mike and camera at the senator and the judge , shouting question . lukich , neeley and strozah clear a path for they . * 419 angle from inside house - through front window Harrison and alspaugh fend off the question , cross the path and mount the step to the house . t.v. reporter ( o.s. ) ( in front of house ) -- Senator Harrison have today issue a statement call for the appointment of a special prosecutor -- CUT to : 420 int . nico's house - day nico , propped up on the couch , look like hell , but de - finitely conscious and in full command of he faculty . Sara , Jackson , and Rosa beside he . * 421 tv a network anchor deliver the headline news . anchor ( v.o. ) earlier this week , the Harrison Commission deliver its report on the grow c.i.a. scandal to Congress ... the image change to senator harrison behind a battery of microphone , sit at a senate hearing - type table , with a plaque read " sen . ernest harrison " before he . senator harrison ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) -- officially - sanction deceit , murder and corruption , will continue until this man be bring to justice . above the law - Rev. 4/17/87 109a . 422 nico * look up as the real Senator Harrison , judge alspaugh and * the other enter the room . tv SOUND down . Harrison stop before nico , take a moment to look with respect and ad- miration at the man propped up on the pillow . above the law - Rev. 4/29/87 110. senator harrison detective toscani . I want to personally thank you . you be make it possible for a sliver of truth to finally come out . he hold out he hand . nico take it . the senator gesture to judge alspauch . senator harrison and this be Clayton alspaugh of the fifth circuit court . nico you honor . the judge nod to he stenographer , who swiftly set up she equipment , take a seat . Rosa make a face at branca , who rise , clear a seat for the judge . Sara move * in tight beside nico . judge alspaugh be you sure you be feel well enough ? nico glance to Sara , to the support face around * he . lukich . neeley . strozah . Jackson . the other . * nico ( to alspaugh ) if you be ready to listen , I be ready to talk . 423 close - stenographer' hand as the judge 's voice begin over , " slate " the depo - sition , the stenographer 's finger start move . pull back to : 424 angle from outside room the full scene . nico tell he story . responsible official recording it -- 425 ext . yard outside nico's house - day the press corps , van , neighbor -- close credit begin . 426 long pullback to the street , the house , and finally : the neighborhood . nico 's neighborhood , to which the truth have finally come home . close credit continue over . fade out . the end this script be prepare by warner bros . inc . script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632