absolute power written by william goldman base on the book by david baldacci May 1996 draft for educational purpose only fade in : 1 int . WASHINGTON museum - day 1 the saddest eye you ever see . we be look at a El greco draw . it be a study for one of he painting . pull back to reveal -- a bunch of art student be do sketches of the eye , the elongate finger , the slender hand El greco draw so brilliantly . most of the student be around 20 . a couple of suburban housewive be there too . and one older man . this be luther whitney . mid 60 , very fit , neatly dress . at quick glance , he seem as if he might be a successful company executive . as we watch he draw we can tell he be capable of great concentration . and patient . with eye that miss nothing : he have pilot 's eye . we will find out more about he as time go on , but this be all you really have to know : luther whitney be the hero of this piece . as we watch he draw -- luther 's sketchbook . he be finish he work on the eye , and he 's catch the sadness : it 's good stuff . luther . it 's not good enough for he . he look at he work a moment , shake he head . girl student do not give up . luther I never do . girl student May I ? she 's indicate he sketchbook . he nod . she start thumbing through . the sketchbook as the page turn . detail work . eye and hand . the eye be good . the hand be better . very skillful . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 2. 1 continued : 1 the girl hand it back . impress . girl student you work with you hand , do not you ? closeup - luther * a enigmatic smile . now , from that -- 2 ext . red' bar - day 2 a nice work class part of town . nothing fancy here but there 's a pleasant feel . the street be clean , the house neat and well tend . luther , carry he sketchbook , walk along . it 's afternoon now . up ahead be a local bar : red 's. 3 int . red' bar - day 3 luther walk in . nothing fancy here . strictly work class . and relatively empty . a overweight bald man luther 's age work behind the bar . this be red . they be good enough friend not to ask each other question . luther ( as they nod to each other ) redhead . red luther . ( as luther hand he a videotape ) you life would be a whole lot simpler if you could learn to operate a V.C.R. luther my only fail . as he turn -- 4 ext . neighborhood - luther' house - day 4 a street of small row house . clean , well tend . luther walk toward one . later in the afternoon . he carry half a dozen small shopping bag , from the market , the hardware store , the drug store , the cleaner . 3. 5 ext . luther' house - day 5 a terra cotta planter to the right of the front door . luther shift he package , tilt the planter slightly , bend down , pull out a key , insert it in the front door . 6 int . luther' house - kitchen - day 6 as he enter . neat , tidy . a cuisinart , a cheese slicer , lot of other nice equipment . as he begin put food away -- 7 int . luther' house - dine area - night 7 even now . table set for one . a single candle . beside the candle be luther 's sketch pad . now luther himself move into view , carry a tray . he put it down . a gorgeous omelet be on a fine china plate , parsley sprinkle neatly on top . a elegant green salad be on another plate , cover with thinly slice parmesan cheese . a expensive water pitcher , a lovely glass . clearly , a great deal of think have go into dinner . luther light the single candle . we be now aware of a photograph nearby . the picture be old . a pretty little girl stand in the center , smile . her mother stand alongside , smile too . a man be with they , look at they happily . it 's luther . when he be young . luther study the photo a moment . then he turn , look out the window . 8 Pov shot - sliver of moon 8 be visible . Lovely . peaceful . 9 luther 9 now luther open the sketch pad , quickly flip past the hand and eye and face -- -- we be look at something totally different : a mansion . hold on luther 's draw of the mansion . keep holding . pull back to reveal -- 4. 10 ext . sullivan mansion - night 10 in the moonlight -- it look exactly like he draw . but no draw could convey the size of the place -- we be look at ten thousand square foot . wealth and power . we be in roll hill country . the mansion be dark . totally desert . silence . now a sound - tire on gravel . a car come roll into view . the motor of the car have be turn off . the light of the car have be turn off . the car slide to a stop . again , silence ... hold on mansion , a couple of hundred yard away . there be a small field between the car and the estate . now -- 11 ext . sullivan mansion / int . luther be car - night 11 a man hold binocular , study the place . he wear dark clothes , tennis shoe . he put down the binocular , begin to smear he face with black camouflage cream -- -- it 's luther , and he 's be a professional thief he entire life . he 's a three - time loser , but he last sentence be so long ago and he skill be now so vast , so refine , that it be unlikely he will ever get catch again . 12 ext . sullivan mansion - ground - night 12 the grounds as luther glide through it . he wear a backpack . the night be cool . he stop . all that separate he from the mansion now be a stretch of gorgeous lawn . except for luther , it be not gorgeous -- it 's no - man 's land . one final check of he surroundings -- then he set off , in graceful motion , long stride eat up the ground . he make no sound at all . 13 ext . sullivan mansion - front door - night 13 thick wood with reinforce steel . luther stop by the door , take off he backpack , open it . he put on plastic glove that have a special layer of pad at the fingertip and palm . now he take a key , insert it in the front door , turn it , and the instant he push the door open -- zoom to : 5 . 14 int . sullivan mansion - foyer - night 14 the infrared security detector -- it immediately start to beep and you can see the second be count down : forty , thirty -nine , thirty -- CUT to : 15 luther 15 -- in he hand now be a automatic screwdriver , no more than six inch long -- -- he set to work on the security panel that be inside in the foyer next to the front door . the screwdriver undoe the first screw , the second -- CUT to : 16 security detector 16 thirty -one , thirty , twenty -- CUT to : 17 screwdriver 17 now the third and fourth screw be in hand and he lift the security panel away . the beeping sound be constant -- -- and get louder . a tiny device , no bigger than a pocket calculator . it have two wire protrude from it . it be , we be about to find out , a tiny computer . luther hold it like a baby . CUT to : 18 security detector 18 eighteen , seventeen -- CUT to : 19 luther 19 probing with the wire into the heart of the security panel . ( continued ) 6 . 19 continued : 19 the beeping be louder still . the security panel . luther be attempt delicate work and it 's dark so it be not easy but he continue to probe with the wire and -- CUT to : 20 security detector 20 eleven , ten -- CUT to : 21 luther 21 and he 's get it attach ! 22 computer 22 now the face of the tiny computer be alive with number -- they fly by much too fast for we to make they out clearly . CUT to : 23 security detector 23 four , three , two -- CUT to : 24 face of tiny computer 24 as five number lock -- 7 -- 13 -- 19 -- 8 -- 11 -- the beeping sound die . CUT to : 25 luther 25 a glance across the foyer -- the light of the security detector go from red to a warm look green . safe . ( continued ) 7. 25 continued : 25 he allow himself to exhale . then he 's busy again , unhook the computer . his finger , as always , work quickly , precisely . 25a int . sullivan mansion - foyer - night 25 a the foyer as luther , once again carry he backpack , move across it . behind he , the front door be again shut , the security panel back on , screw all in place . it 's as if he have not be there at all ... 26 int . sullivan mansion - staircase - night 26 luther walk quickly up -- and here we get a sense of the vast size of the place -- it feel bigger inside than it look in the moonlight . a Van gogh at the head of the stair . luther move past it , then stop , go back , study the painting . it 's a late one , when the madness have he and thing be slide away . very sad . luther look at it admiringly for another moment -- -- then surprisingly he raise he hand , and for just a instant trace the line of the painting in the air , as if try to figure out how the magic be do , as if get ready for he next museum session -- -- then almost grudgingly , he move on , up toward the third floor . 27 int . sullivan mansion - third -floor landing - night 27 here 's a Hopper . one of the great one , fill with a overpower sense of be alone -- -- luther stare at it almost in awe , whisper " wow , " move on . 28 int . sullivan mansion - hallway - night 28 luther , walk down the third - floor corridor . the corridor wall . no painting here -- instead we see a series of frame photograph . the first be of a baby girl , the next one of the same child at three . we watch the child grow up in this photo . at ten she be already pretty . at fifteen a stunner . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 8. 28 continued : 28 not a classic beauty by any mean , she be turn into , if you will a latter - day Ann -margret . the kind of girl you ached for in high school . the perfect cheerleader . this be picture , we will come to know , of christy Sullivan . a high school graduation shot at eighteen , a shot in front of a Burger King at twenty . closeup - wedding photograph * christy , look just fabulous , be 24 and smile happily . we can only see she face and the wedding veil here . now -- pull back to reveal -- a glorious and expensive white wedding dress . christy hold a bouquet of flower . breathtake . keep pulling back . and now we can see the groom . walter Sullivan . walter be smile too , one arm proudly around he lovely bride . walter , it might be note , be eighty year old . luther , stare at the photo , shake he head . now he move on . 29 int . sullivan mansion - master bedroom - night 29 luther open the door . it squeak . he go inside , close the door firmly . next , he put he backpack down , take out a low - power non - glare work light , set it up . now he look around . a huge room , a gigantic canopy bed . a nightstand alongside , which contain a small silver clock , three danielle steel novel pile neatly one atop the other , several more photo of the happy couple -- -- and a antique silver - plate letter opener with a thick leather handle . luther . he study himself in front of a very large full - length mirror across from the canopy bed . now we realize something -- he be not study himself , he 's study the mirror itself . he turn , go to the sit area where there be chair and a sofa and a large tv and vcr . ( continued ) 9 . 29 continued : 29 Three remote on a side table . luther carefully pick up the middle one , cross the room with it , point it at the large mirror , click once -- -- and the mirror swing silently open . a room be reveal . all we can see of it so far be this : there be a armchair in the middle face where the mirror have be . luther turn back toward the sit area , the remote hold in he hand . the side table . luther put the remote down -- very carefully . in the exact position it have be . now he take a moment , blow on he hand , rub they together . then -- luther take a collapsible duffel bag out of he backpack , move with the work light into the reveal room -- 30 int . sullivan master bedroom - vault - night 30 it 's a vault ! and it 's full ! there 's cash , naturally , pile of the stuff . plus all kind of other valuable we will get around to . luther 's a little stunne -- it 's more than he hope for . he glance at the armchair -- there be a remote on it that be identical to the one he replace at the side table . now he open he duffel all the way and set to work . first the cash go in -- all neatly bundle . large denomination . lot of bundle . next be a series of slender box -- the first box as luther open it . jewelry . into the duffel it go . luther , empty more jewelry box into the duffel . and still more . as he continue to do this -- 31 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 31 all be quiet . High on a wall , the security light beam a friendly green . now , from somewhere , a distant sound . laughter ? be it laughter ? do not matter , it 's go . ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 10 . 32 int . sullivan vault - night 32 luther have move deeper into it -- he 's finish with the jewelry . now he 's examine pile of bond . into the duffel they go . he take a breath , glance around . perfect . coin . antique one . they disappear into the duffel . stamp book . go into the swell duffel . luther as he hear now the distant laughter . not so perfect . 33 int . master bedroom - night 33 * he move quickly out of the vault , take a step toward the door -- the giggling be get louder , closer . two people . a man and a woman . luther stop , mutter " shit ! " -- glance around -- no place to hide . luther , grab he backpack , move into the vault , turn off he work light , and shut the door with the remote . the door click -- 34 int . sullivan vault - night 34 -- luther be alone in the darkness . a burst of laughter now . grow nearer still . luther move into the back of the vault , crouch down , do he best to hide behind the armchair . trapped , luther wait in silence , try not to breathe ... now he can hear a squeak -- the bedroom door have open . hold . 35 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 35 Dark -- except for a slant of light from the hall outside the open bedroom door . two people be briefly visible as they enter , a man and a woman . the clink of glass . stifled laughter . the woman close the bedroom door . darkness again . and now the laughing sound increase . giggling , really . 11 . 36 int . sullivan vault - night 36 luther in the pitch - black vault . the giggling be mute but it be there . he be start to perspire . 37 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 37 the woman flick on the light and as she do -- 38 int . sullivan vault - night 38 luther as the burst of light hit he like a fist -- and it 's over . luther blink , confuse , look around -- -- because it be not over , he have not be catch . the door to the vault be suddenly go . luther be stare straight into the goddamn bedroom . because the door be a two way mirror . now it 's as if he be watch the bedroom on a giant tv screen . just a few foot away , just outside the door . where thing be clearly start to heat up . luther move to the armchair , sit . there be nothing to do now but wait . he settles in . 39 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 39 they be stare at each other . we have see the woman already -- she 's christy sullivan . but the picture in the corridor do not do she justice . this be a fabulous - look twenty - five - year - old woman . Long , golden hair , a round face that set off she deep blue eye , a tan , curving body . a bare - shoulder black dress . a expensive necklace . one more thing : she be staggering drunk . the man be alan richmond , wealthy , successful , handsome and fit . mid-forties . he wear a elegantly - cut suit . two additional point : ( 1 ) Richmond be clearly not the husband in the wedding photo . ( 2 ) he be drunker than she be . ( continued ) 12. 39 continued : 39 Richmond carry a vodka bottle and two tumbler . he fill they , give one to she . they touch glass . down the hatch . tight laughter . he look at she . she look at he . there 's a lot of sexual tension in the air . but now he begin look around , check thing out . she spot this . christy ( drunk ) it 's okay -- I tell he I be sick -- anyway , he 's go -- relax ... he nod then , more at ease . and he blow she a kiss . she catch it -- and now she start to parade for he . her body move very slowly . he pour himself another shot , chug it , watch . now -- 40 int . sullivan vault - night 40 luther suddenly terrify and we find out why . 41 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 41 christy , fumble with she necklace , look across the room -- what she 's look at : the side table with the remote that open the vault . 42 int . sullivan vault - night 42 luther , freeze , as christy start toward the table . 43 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 43 the table and the remote wait there . 44 int . sullivan vault - night 44 luther , mouth dry ... ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 13. 45 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 45 Richmond , reach out for she , then as she pass he ; he take she by the hand -- -- and now they be dance , they body press together . they move slowly . she hum . he try to get fancy , spin she with one arm -- -- no good . they be too drunk for it , start to lose balance , separate . they giggle . smile at each other . now christy manage to unhook she necklace , and as she start to drop it in * the drawer of the nightstand -- * 46 int . sullivan vault - night 46 luther . a genuine sigh of relief -- -- which suddenly die -- 47 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 47 christy , as she spin toward the table again , still with the necklace in she hand . 48 int . sullivan vault - night 48 luther , and there 's nothing he can do now but watch . 49 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 49 Richmond , watch too , empty the vodka bottle into he tumbler , chugge it down and now ... the table as christy reach out , grab a remote , turn . 50 int . sullivan vault - night 50 luther dead in the water because -- 51 christy's 51 point the goddam thing at he -- -- and as she click it -- ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 14 . 52 int . sullivan vault - night 52 luther , and for a moment , he 's like a goddam deer catch in the headlight -- -- but now here come another sigh of relief and we find out why . 53 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 53 suddenly there 's romantic music playing -- she 's turn the stereo on . christy start hum , replace the clicker , drop the necklace in the drawer . * then they be into each other 's arm . they body press . they body sway . he move a hand to she breast -- -- christy break loose , shake a finger at he , as if to say , " naughty , naughty " -- -- then with one hand , she pull a zipper down . the dress fall off she body . her breast spring free . she be wear only she panty now and high heel . and a smile . she be stun look and she know it and man have always go nut over she and she know that too . and Richmond can not resist she either , go to she , bend she back , caress she neck , begin suck she nipple . christy moan . 54 int . sullivan vault - night 54 luther , in the chair , embarrassed , averting he eye . but the moaning from the other room grow louder , more insistent . 55 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 55 christy , pull away for a moment , start to work at Richmond 's tie , shake he out of he suit jacket , reach for he belt , loosen it . she be work at he shirt button now and they breathe be audible and in a moment he be down to he boxer short and then she panty be off , she shoe kick away and they be near the vault mirror now . as they approach it , they stare at themselves . 56 int . sullivan vault - night 56 luther , move farther back in he chair as they face be just a couple of foot away -- ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 15 . 57 int . sullivan master bedroom - closeup - christy - night 57 as Richmond 's hand move across she wondrous body and she be hot and drift into drunken fantasy and she eye close and -- close on richmond * as he eye be open -- -- the look on he drunken face be scary . 58 int . sullivan vault - night 58 luther , transfix by that look , transfix and worried . 59 int . sullivan master bedroom - christy and richmond 59 in closeup - night look at each other now , and she be smile happily and look at he and he be smile happily and look at she , and whatever be on he face just before have go . 60 int . sullivan vault - night 60 luther , watch as they turn for the gigantic canopy bed . 61 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 61 the bed as they stop alongside it and kiss -- it 's they first . and she arm go around he neck and she hold he like that , she eye shut tight -- 62 int . sullivan vault - night 62 luther -- watch because Richmond 's eye be not shut , they be wide open and they stare at the mirror and the awful look from before be back , only worse , and then without warning , he grip she buttock roughly -- -- and slap she hard on the ass , over and over and christy be shocked , surprised , pull away . Richmond smile at she sweetly . christy . shake she head . Richmond . he continue to smile , make a courtly gesture , kissing she fingertip in apology . ( continued ) 16 . 62 continued : 62 christy . she smile in acknowledgement and they move onto the bed . she push he down and straddle he . Richmond , from she point of view -- a wonderfully - handsome man . christy , from he point of view . a glorious , vibrant young woman . she smile , touch she lip to a finger , reach out , touch the finger to he mouth . it 's a sweet moment . they smile . then he reach up , and without a word , grab she breast and squeeze and twist they brutally and christy be shocked and she try to make he stop but he will not , and she cry out in pain but he still will not stop so she slap he in the face . he slap she back , viciously , right in the mouth and now there be blood mixing with she lipstick and she roll off the bed onto the floor . christy sit there stunne . christy ( slur ) you fuck bastard . and on that -- Richmond , stand now , reach down to help she up . christy hesitates , finally take he hand and as soon as she be on she foot -- christy , kick he with all she have , in the stomach . 63 int . sullivan vault - night 63 luther , silently applaud . 64 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 64 Richmond , the air momentarily out of he , fall drunkenly to the floor , stunne for just a moment and clearly in pain , but he be a big man and he be strong and he grab she ankle , yank , and then both be labor on the floor and christy kick he again and again -- -- but he will not release she ankle . each kick only inflame he drunken rage . ( continued ) 17 . 64 continued : 64 richmond ( very slur --) you little whore -- and now they both try and stand . neither one do it gracefully , neither one do it quickly , but Richmond get there first and as soon as he be on he foot he begin to strangle she . christy , gasp , terrify , she claw at he arm , she finger scratch deeply -- -- but he will not let go . she twist and jerk she body -- -- no good -- he continue to tighten he grip on she throat -- -- and spread he leg for better balance . the bed table , as christy , beyond desperation reach around for something , anything -- she finger finally close on the letter opener and in one wild stroke , she slashes he right arm . now he let go . and stare , stunne , at he bleed arm . then he crunch she flush in the mouth , a brutal blow , and blood pour from she nose and mouth and if she be not so scared , maybe it would have stop she , but it do not -- because somehow she manage to maintain balance -- -- and knee he all she have , in the nut . it 's over -- Richmond fall to the floor , helpless . he lie on he back , hold he crotch . but it be not over . christy , blood pour down she face , stand over he , the letter opener still tight in she hand . and in she eye you can see it , the homicidal rage -- -- and she drop to she knee beside he -- -- and Richmond can only lie there , watch she -- -- and she get a better grip on the letter opener -- -- and Richmond still only lie there , watch she -- ( continued ) 18. 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 -- and she raise the letter opener slowly very high above she head , the point aim at he heart -- -- and Richmond scream one time -- -- and as christy start to kill he , two well - dress man in business suit burst through the bedroom doorway , gun in they hand , and they blow her brain out before the opener reach Richmond 's heart ... 65 int . sullivan vault - night 65 luther , in slow motion and this be what he do -- -- he reel back in the chair , eye wide , jaw slack , mouth open -- -- this be a man who have see everything but nothing have prepare he for this -- -- he arm flop over the arm of the chair , he body lose strength , he try to look away , can not -- -- and this be what he see -- 66 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 66 christy , fight for another instant of life -- -- no chance -- -- the two bullet have shattered she brain , she eye roll up into she head , the letter opener drop to the rug , she collapse like a rag doll -- -- and blood be everywhere . 67 int . sullivan vault - night 67 luther . back in regular motion now . pale , barely able to breathe . 68 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 68 the two well - dress man in business suit . bill burton be the more formidable . mid-40s , he look like a retire tight end . no body fat . intimidate . but right now he be shaking and he can not stop it . he put he gun away , go to Richmond . ( continued ) 19 . 68 continued : 68 tim collin be close in on 30 . handsome . in wonderful shape . burton be more physical , collin more lethal . he put he gun away , go to christy . Richmond be try to sit . he be as drunk as before but now he be also close to shock . he reach over , manage to pick up the bloody letter opener . richmond kill she ? collin , by the body , nod . burton no choice in the matter . his word be efficient but clearly , he have be rock . Richmond , stare stupidly at the letter opener . he drop it back to the floor , try to stand , can not . burton help he back to the bed . which be when he pass out cold . burton and collin look at each other now . burton Jesus , Tim , what do we do ? collin ( echoing burton ) no choice in the matter . 69 int . sullivan vault - night 69 luther , stare at it all . the shock be still there but so be something new : anger . and on that -- 70 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 70 gloria russell move through the bedroom door . Russell 's 40 , well - dress , attractive and very smart . now she see what 's happen , stop dead . now she move forward , look at burton and collin . it 's very clear from the outset : this three be not friendly . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 20 . 70 continued : 70 russell ( to burton and collin ) do you realize what a shitstorm we be in ? ( beat ) go on -- tell I . collin nothing to tell . he scream . russell and you hear no sound of violence ' till then ? burton ( beat ) nothing we have not hear before . Richmond , on the bed , out . Russell study he face as burton move toward the telephone . burton maybe I should call the police now . closeup - russell * russell ( soft ) Bill ? why do not you think about that ? ( beat -- start to move toward he ) take a second and just think about that . ( close in on burton , furious ) think ... real ... fuck ... hard . burton * he be strong enough to snap she neck with one hand . burton ( back away ) probably not a good idea . russell ( take charge ) okay -- here 's what happen tonight -- poor christy come home alone and interrupt a burglary . that sound logical ? 21 . 71 int . sullivan vault - night 71 luther in the closet . he nod . 72 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 72 burton and collin nod , too . russell we be go to have to sanitize this place . ( shaking Richmond ) Alan , do you have sex with she ? Richmond , eye barely open . richmond ... do and ... ' member ... russell Bill , you be go to have to examine she . burton I be no gynecologist . russell ( she take nothing from nobody ) I just make you one . end of discussion . 73 int . sullivan master bedroom - night ( later ) 73 a clock on the side table beside the three clicker . there be the sound of a vacuum -- it 's later now . the place be incredibly change . christy be lie as before -- except now she be fully dress . the bed have be make with clean sheet . there be a large black garbage bag that collin shove the sheet in , dump in christy 's jewelry . burton be vacuuming the rug . Richmond be visible , still in terrible shape , finish put he clothes on in the open master bedroom . everyone wear glove . everything that be incriminate be go -- ( continued ) 22. 73 continued : 73 -- except the letter opener , which have be put in a clear plastic bag . collin reach for it , start to dump it in along with the sheet and the jewelry . russell I will take that . collin ( surprised ) it 's get they print on it . russell ( she hold out she hand ) thanks for share . collin glance at burton , shrug , hand it over . Russell put it in she handbag , put the handbag on the bed table when suddenly -- Richmond , careen into the room , wide - eye , cry out -- richmond gloria -- I kill she -- Russell , turn , shocked as Richmond bear down -- -- she hold out she arm for he , but he be staggering and he collide hard with she , spin against the wall , use the bed table to try to steady himself . 74 int . sullivan vault - night 74 luther , stunne , stare . 75 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 75 what he 's stare at : the letter opener have spill from she open purse and fall behind the bed , out of sight . Russell , calm , go to Richmond , start to lead he from the room -- russell it 's all go to be fine , Alan . richmond ... but she 's dead ... ( continued ) 23. 75 continued : 75 russell ... I will take care of everything just like I always do . ( to burton and collin ) gentlemen ? she gesture to leave . burton and collin finish up -- collin grab the large plastic bag . burton glance around one final time and back toward the door , vacuume carefully . then -- collin stop dead . he stare across at the bed table . 76 int . sullivan vault - night 76 luther , hold he breath . 77 int . sullivan master bedroom - burton and collin - night 77 collin shit . burton what ? in reply , collin dash back toward the bed table , grab Russell 's purse , snap it shut , tuck it under one arm and leave . burton flick the light out , close the door . the room be light by moonlight now . christy look beautiful and still . hold for a moment . 78 ext . mansion - front door - night 78 it 's open and Russell lead a staggering Richmond outside . two dark towncars be park in the driveway . burton be behind they , turn off all light . collin be last , with Russell 's purse , the garbage bag . as he follow they outside , he close the front door firmly -- it make a loud , solid sound . 79 int . sullivan vault - luther - night 79 the sound be barely audible . he have be look at he watch -- ( continued ) 24 . 79 continued : 79 the watch face be illuminate in the darkness . the second hand be fifteen second away from the top . luther take a deep breath , wait in silence . the watch face : the sound be loud , like " 60 Minutes . " 80 ext . sullivan mansion - driveway - night 80 burton and Russell move with Richmond toward one of the car . burton take the man in he arm , leave Russell free to open the back door . collin dump the plastic bag into the trunk , shut it , move quickly so that he can get a decent view of the road . the road in front of the house . empty . collin hurry to the towncar where burton be struggle to get Richmond comfortably stretch out on the back seat . 81 int . sullivan vault - night 81 the second hand on luther 's watch hit the top and he move into action . -- he point the clicker at the door -- -- the door start to swing open -- -- luther , backpack in hand , stride quickly into the bedroom , turn , point the clicker again and as the door start to swing shut -- luther carefully toss the clicker back inside . 82 int . sullivan vault - armchair - night 82 as the clicker land -- dead -solid perfect -- 83 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 83 luther , in the bedroom , move to the nightstand , carry he backpack -- -- he slow as he circle the body of christy Sullivan , look sadly down at she , continue on as we move to ... ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 25 . 83 continued : 83 the bed table . first , luther open the drawer and * pocket the necklace . tense , he kneel , probe behind * the table , reach farther and then -- the letter opener ! in the plastic bag . luther grab it . he rise , opener in hand , and go to the far window that have a view of the front of the house . he look out , grimace . 84 ext . sullivan mansion - driveway - night 84 the car be still there . burton be visible help Russell in . collin hand over she purse , close the door . he and burton move to the front door . 85 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 85 luther , go to the rear window . he open the window slowly and silently . he tie one end of the rope around the leg of a heavy , wooden chest of drawer -- -- now he carefully play the knotted rope out the window . 86 ext . sullivan driveway - towncar - night 86 collin head to one of the towncars . in the other burton and Russell be get settle in the front . Richmond lie in a stupor , stretch along the rear seat . Russell -- -- a moment of relief . she breathes deep . and as Russell start to open she purse -- 87 ext . sullivan mansion - knotted rope - night 87 as it snake down the brick mansion -- it reach the ground . 88 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 88 luther , put he backpack on securely . the window -- luther glance out and down . 89 he Pov - ground outside sullivan mansion - night 89 forty foot below . and it 's dark . ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 26 . 90 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 90 luther -- he do not much like this -- but take hold of the rope , he put one leg out the window -- only the damn backpack make it complicated and he 's catch for a moment , clumsily trap with one leg in , one leg out and the backpack wedge against the corner of the window -- -- and at that moment , there be a scream . 91 ext . sullivan driveway / int . towncar - night 91 * gloria Russell , as every nightmare she have ever have come true -- the fuck letter opener be not in she purse and as she scream again -- 92 ext . sullivan master bedroom - window - night 92 luther , cursing to himself , force he way out the window and it be not easy , but he make it and then the rope slip in he hand and for one precarious moment , he be in serious trouble and ... 93 ext . sullivan mansion - driveway - night 93 the towncar door burst open as burton and collin come barrel out . 94 ext . sullivan mansion - night 94 luther , get he grip on the nylon rope again , start to go down -- but it 's difficult go for he . 95 ext . sullivan mansion - foyer - night 95 burton and collin tear into the house , collin in the lead . 96 ext . sullivan mansion - night 96 luther in the night , thirty foot up , and he can hear commotion inside the house and he try to go faster -- -- but it 's not easy ; the man be , after all , in he 60 and he 's dangerously high and he visibility be rotten , so he 's do the best he can , but he be not exactly fly . 27 . 97 ext . sullivan mansion - driveway - night 97 Russell , stand by the towncar , stare in at the house and from the look on she face , you know she think she life might be over . 98 int . sullivan mansion - staircase - night 98 burton and collin , racing up the second floor staircase toward the top . 99 ext . sullivan mansion - night 99 luther , halfway down . 100 int . sullivan mansion - hallway - night 100 burton and collin , tear along the third floor corridor . 101 ext . sullivan mansion - night 101 luther , ten foot off the ground now . 102 int . sullivan mansion - night 102 the bedroom door , fly open . 103 ext . sullivan mansion - night 103 luther , six foot to go , three , and he let go , drop the rest of the way , hit the ground run . 104 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 104 burton , racing toward the window , collin go to the night table . 105 ext . sullivan mansion - night 105 luther , at the end of the house , turn a corner . 106 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 106 burton , stare out the window and luther be go . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 28. 106 continued : 106 burton shit ! collin , look around the table and the letter opener be go . collin shit ! and without another word , they bolt out the door . 107 ext . sullivan mansion - ground - night 107 luther , crash through the field . he be in wonderful shape -- -- for a man he age . and he give it all he have but be it go to be enough ? 108 ext . sullivan driveway - night 108 the towncar as collin yank something out of the glove compartment , and then he be racing off into the night after burton who be a few step ahead . 109 ext . sullivan driveway / int . towncar - night 109 * Russell stare after they -- in the back seat , Richmond be in a half - slumber . 110 ext . sullivan mansion - ground - night 110 luther , burst out of the underbrush -- -- up ahead be the most dangerous place for he -- -- one hundred yard of open field . he run on . 111 ext . sullivan ground - burton and collin - night 111 as collin catch up to the other man , toss what he take from the glove compartment . thermal goggle . they put they on , on the fly and ... 29 . 112 thermal Pov 112 the world ahead of they as they see it : they field of vision now resemble a rough computer game . thermal image register in red , everything else be dark green . 113 ext . sullivan ground - OPEN area - luther - night 113 beginning to tire now -- and he 's only halfway through the open field and ... burton and collin , behind he , can not see he yet , but they be move faster -- -- and burton could probably destroy anyone in a fight -- -- but collin can fly . and he begin to leave burton behind . luther , and twenty yard ahead of he be some wood that spur he on , he pump he arm , he body strain and he breath come in gasp and ... collin , graceful and young and in fabulous shape and just ahead be the open field and as he start into it -- 114 thermal Pov 114 what collin see : a thermal figure ; a man run out of the open and then disappear into the wood . 115 ext . sullivan ground - OPEN area - night 115 the sight of the figure be enough to kick collin into overdrive and he have never run this fast as he cross the open area . 116 ext . sullivan ground - wood - night 116 luther , run through the wood -- he can hear they now , and he know they be close on he and he glance back -- -- and smashes into a fuck tree !... hard ... and it rock he , drop he to he knee -- 117 ext . sullivan ground - OPEN area - night 117 collin and he could be jet propel . 30 . 118 ext . sullivan ground - wood - night 118 luther , force himself back to he foot and run again , give it everything he have leave and he 's dodging through the tree now . 119 ext . sullivan ground - near wood - night 119 burton , behind collin , but he draw he gun anyway -- collin , in the wood , and he gun 's draw too -- luther , out of the wood and now he car be visible -- collin , in the wood but they be come to a end . 120 thermal Pov 120 the figure up ahead be approach a car . 121 ext . sullivan ground - luther be car - night 121 luther , throw the car door open , rip off he backpack , toss it inside , jump in behind the wheel . 122 ext . sullivan ground - wood - night 122 burton . pull up , gasp terribly . he sink to one knee . collin , out of the wood ! -- still amazingly without the least sign of tiring -- -- and now there be a sound : a car motor starting . 123 ext . sullivan ground - luther be car - night 123 luther in he car , wheel spin . 124 ext . sullivan ground - wood - night 124 collin have he pistol ready but it 's impossible to hit anything when you be run like this . 125 ext . sullivan ground / int . luther be car - night 125 luther , in the car , gunning away . 31 . 126 ext . sullivan ground - wood - night 126 collin . slow . 127 ext . sullivan ground - luther be car - night 127 the car . a swirl of dust . the dust clear . the car round a corner , be go . 128 ext . sullivan ground - night 128 collin . he stand there , rip off he thermal goggle -- -- and surprisingly , he smile . burton , get to he foot , he breath still not steady . he take he goggle off too as collin approach . collin ( still the smile ) I get he license number . now on that -- 129 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 129 Russell -- back in the bedroom , with burton and collin who be move around constantly , check the place out . thing be just amazingly tense . russell ( close to lose it ) gee , guy , maybe it be the bogeyman -- do not forget to check under the bed -- ( explode ) -- you may have bury we ! -- collin -- relax , I get he license number , remember ? -- russell ( whirling on he ) -- you think he 's go to just sit around wait for we ? -- asshole -- collin -- take it easy , miss Russell -- ( continued ) 32 . 129 continued : 129 burton ( try for calm ) -- everybody shut up , all right ? he be stare at he reflection in the big mirror . he cross to it , go to he knee , study the rug . the rug -- indentation in the expensive carpet . burton oh boy ... burton and collin with a crowbar , work at the mirror . the mirror ; there be a tear and a pop and it swing open . 130 int . sullivan vault - night 130 all three go inside , look around . the chair , the loot shelf . the truth thud home . Russell turn , look out at the bedroom through the door . russell ( dead ) a two - way mirror . silently , they move out into the bedroom . 131 int . sullivan master bedroom - night 131 collin -- I better get crack on that license number -- russell ( no anger now ) -- it 's all we have get -- and he 's get the letter opener -- blood , fingerprint -- Jesus , think what he can do -- burton ( a powerful man who speak softly ) -- the man be a thief -- a thief who witness a murder -- ( more ) ( continued ) 33. 131 continued : 131 burton ( cont 'd ) ( gesture around ) -- it look like he steal a whole bunch of money -- I will tell you what he 's go to do . ( beat ) he 's go to run like hell . and on that -- 132 int . WASHINGTON museum - day 132 the saddest eye you ever see . it 's the next morning and luther be back at the same old stand , look at El greco . the other art student be there too . so be the suburban housewive . everything be as it be -- calm and peaceful -- -- now a museum guard move into the doorway , scan the room . luther -- a quick glance over , then back to he sketchbook -- and from that glance it 's clear all be not calm and peaceful . the guard check the room again . edgy , luther still work away . the guard leave . luther get set to do the same . 133 int . red be bar - day 133 Red , alone in he empty bar , sip coffee . it 's before the place have open for the day . luther come in the back . Red slide the videocassette over , luther pocket it . red Jordan beat we at the buzzer . luther bad night . and as he turn , go -- 34 . 134 ext . jogging park - parking area - day 134 a young woman parking she car -- a high rocky area above the potomac . below , a jogging path be visible , full of runner . the Young woman get out , lock she car , start down a narrow walk toward the jogger . she 's in she mid-thirty . a good face . and there 's something familiar about she . 135 ext . jogging park - day 135 luther , stand by the edge of the jogging path , study the runner . now he register something : and smile . the woman in she mid-thirty as she come jogging along . she run well . luther . a imperceptible straighten of he clothes . the jogger . we realize who she be : the little girl in the photo on luther 's dining room table . all grow up . now she face register something : he presence . her eye go down to the path , she increase she speed . luther . waving , call out . luther kate. ( as she run on ) kate . she slow , hesitates , stop . kate , hand on hip , breathe deeply , move to the edge of the path as he approach . the river flow behind they . runner pass by . beat . luther probably too late for I to take it up . she say nothing -- he gesture toward the path . luther the jogging . kate ( young woman ) ahh . ( continued ) 35 . 135 continued : 135 beat . luther Dumb way to start this , I guess . beat . luther want to talk to you . kate about ? luther believe it or not , the weather . ( as she wait ) Night be start to get cold . kate that happen this time of year . luther speak quickly now , he voice low . luther I be think of maybe relocate . someplace with a kinder climate . ( nothing show on she face ) I just want to check it out with you first ... ( still nothing ) ... you be the only family I have get . and on that -- kate speak quickly now , she voice low . kate luther , you do not have I . the last word in this world he want to hear , but you can not tell from he face . luther kate -- kate -- you know what it 's like be the only kid in show and tell who get to talk about visit day ? ( continued ) 36 . 135 continued : ( 2 ) 135 luther this move -- I be talk permanent , you understand . kate we do not see each other anyway -- we have not see each other since Mom die and that 's a year . ( a step toward he ) look , you choose you life . you have that right . you be never around for I . Fine . but I have no plan to be around for you . and now she stop , turn away toward the path -- -- luther can say nothing , watch she -- -- then she spin back -- kate ( louder now ) -- wait a minute -- you be lie about something , be not you ? -- luther -- no -- kate -- be you active again ? -- be that why you be here now ? luther -- no -- kate move in close now -- kate -- I do not believe you -- ( big ) -- Christ , Father , what have you do ? and on that word -- 136 int . sullivan master bedroom - day 136 christy Sullivan 's body . we be back in the master bedroom but now there be a lot of police activity -- people work around the corpse . the place be cover with black fingerprint powder . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 37 . 136 continued : 136 seth frank move into the room -- bogart at 40 . Chief homicide detective of middleton County , Virginia but he have a decade of top work in New York City . Bright , funny , and tough enough for anything you want to throw at he . he kneel beside the body next to a older man . this be the medical examiner , fat and bored . Seth study christy ; sadly shake he head . seth christy Sullivan ? medical examiner ( nod ) wife of walter -- most likely come home and stumble onto a burglary -- woman ( o.s. ) -- some burglary . LAURA simon . Laura be early 30 , and the best lab technician Seth have ever know , and he know some good one in New York . LAURA simon I wish my carpet be this clean . and I can not find a single decent * fingerprint . seth you serious , Laura ? LAURA simon ( bewilder ) it 's like Mary poppin be here . seth could someone have let he in ? LAURA simon sorry , Seth , but the entire Sullivan household go to Barbados two day ago . seth thank you for you support . ( continued ) 38 . 136 continued : ( 2 ) 136 LAURA simon wait -- it get worse -- ( move to the door ) -- the shot come from here . if she interrupt a burglary , she should have be here -- ( move to the bed now ) -- she be kill where she be -- all the blood pattern indicate that . but she be look toward the bed -- what in hell be she look at ? 137 int . sullivan vault - day 137 Seth say nothing as he and Laura go in the vault . Seth stare at the chair . LAURA simon look like someone sit here -- but I could not find any print . ( lowering she voice -- indicate the one - way mirror ) you think Sullivan hole up in the chair and watch he wife perform ? seth I hope not -- ( shake he head ) -- he 's such a great man . he move back into the bedroom . 138 int . sullivan master bedroom - day 138 another cop be work on the wall by the bed table where a hole the size and shape of a bullet be visible . seth ( as he move past ) careful digging that out . the cop nod . medical examiner look like he try to strangle she . ( continued ) 39 . 138 continued : 138 seth so he try to strangle she , then go to the door and shot she from behind ? medical examiner he also inspect she vagina . seth. stun . seth he do what ? why ? LAURA simon maybe he could not remember if he fuck she . seth ( have to laugh ) a strong burglar with a weak mind -- obviously another open and shut case ... as he stare around , baffle . 139 ext . luther' safe house apt . build - day 139 a high rise . it 's in a different part of Washington than we have see thus far . afternoon now . a old salesman type be trudging into the building . he 's slump , carry heavy salesman type suitcase . he wear a batter hat . as he go inside -- 140 int . build - foyer / mail area - day 140 the salesman be open a mail slot with the name " hawthorne " on the outside . a good bit of mail , most of it unsolicite . hawthorne pocket it , unlock the foyer , head toward the elevator . 141 int . build - hallway - day 141 the elevator and hawthorne slowly get out , head toward a corner apartment , take out some key -- -- there be three lock on the door ... he take out key -- 40 . 142 int . luther' safe house apartment - day 142 hawthorne walk in , put the suitcase down , fling he hat toward a long sofa -- -- it 's luther and this , we will come to learn , be what he keep as he safe house . it 's neatly furnish , modern and clean . now he move quickly -- -- first he open a suitcase -- it contain he full backpack from the robbery -- -- then he open a lock closet door , revealing a very large and sophisticated safe . as he begin to work the dial -- 143 int . luther' safe house apartment - day ( later ) 143 -- the tv on in the live room as he slide the video cassette Red give he into he machine . everything have be put away . the tv as Michael Jordan be introduce to the crowd -- luther sit , nurse a beer , watch intently ... 144 int . morgue - day 144 a old man silently weep . this be walter sullivan , one of the giant of the era . a self - make billionaire . remarkably , the man have few enemy . at 80 , he body may be betray he -- he be once handsome -- but he mind be that of a young man . we have see he before -- in the wedding picture on the wall of he mansion . with he young bride christy . he be with she again now , at the morgue . a sheet cover she body . the toe tag be visible . walter , shattered and desolate , stare at she once joyous face . pull back to reveal -- 145 int . morgue - observation room - day 145 Seth Frank , study walter through a two way mirror . Seth be move at depth of the old man 's grief . anyone would be . walter slowly rise -- 41 . 146 int . morgue - day 146 sandy lord wait in a anteroom as walter enter ... Sandy Lord be walter Sullivan 's lawyer . he be 60 , abrasive , powerful . Sandy move to walter , gesture toward the front door . Seth appear through another door , intercept they . seth Mr. Sullivan ? -- I be Seth Frank , senior homicide detective for middleton County -- sandy lord ( protectively ) -- my client be in no mood for conversation , sir . walter sullivan it 's all right , Sandy -- ( look at Seth ) -- you be in charge of the case ? seth ( nod ) I have to ask some question , but it can be tomorrow . walter sullivan you want what , positive identification ? yes , that be my wife . anything else ? seth ( notebook in hand ) you would be in Barbados for two day ? walter sullivan ( nod ) I take the entire staff down -- always do this time of year . seth but Mrs. Sullivan do not come . walter sullivan she be , have it all plan , but you know woman , they change they mind . ( more ) ( continued ) 42 . 146 continued : 146 walter sullivan ( cont 'd ) ( to Seth , softly ) I would be marry to my Rebecca for forty - seven year and when she die , I decide I never want that pain again . one thing I know about christy : she be go to outlive I . sandy lord I think that 's enough for today . take walter 's arm . seth ( beat ) I have to ask about the vault . and on that -- walter . hold to Sandy for a moment , then let go . walter sullivan you mean the content of the vault of course -- ( turn to Sandy ) -- Sandy , you go on , I be all right . ( as Sandy look at he a moment ) really . go to the reception -- obviously I can not make it , but I be sure everyone will understand . Sandy nod , exit . Seth and walter be alone . beat . then -- walter sullivan I know it 's not the content -- ( as Seth embarrassed , stand there ) you mean the chair . you have to ask about the chair . seth ( soft ) yessir , I do . walter sullivan but why ? be they connect ? ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 43. 146 continued : ( 2 ) 146 seth I think someone sit in it -- and I think that someone may have be involved in the murder . ( beat ) you be my father 's hero , Mr. Sullivan , I promise you this will not make my highlight reel . closeup - walter * humiliate . walter sullivan I would hope I could satisfy she ... but you know ... she have need and she do not want to go behind my back ... she suggest the chair ... she hope I might get to like sit there ... ( beat ) ... I do not ... ( take a breath ) I have try for eighty year to live a decent life . I have give a billion dollar to charity . if this come to trial , none of that will be remember -- I will just go out as the joke of the world . Seth . he close he notebook . seth I understand , sir ; I will do what I can . walter sullivan ( beat ) will you listen to I whine ? please forgive I , Mr. Frank . just do you job . ( beat ) and I will do mine . walter slowly move to the door . Seth watch he . sadly ... 147 ext . white house - magic hour 147 a gorgeous shot of a very famous place . the sun be set . it all look magical . 44 . 148 int . white house - NORTH portico - night 148 a room fill with well - dress man and woman . formal attire . the rich and the famous . but the only one we recognize be Sandy Lord , deep in conversation with several other man . now , someone say he name . man ( o.s. ) Sandy . ( as Sandy turn ) be there anything I can do ? sandy lord Mr. President . and on that word -- the 44th President of the United States . he have all the natural charm in the world . he be remarkably bright , with a phenomenal memory . he be , also , at this moment , one of the most popular man in american history , three year into a brilliant first term , a shoo - in for re-election when that ritual come . his name , by the way , be Alan Richmond , and we have see he before , most recently lie drunk in the back seat of a dark towncar . richmond take a walk with I . he and Sandy start out of the room . a well - dress woman move with they . she be Chief of staff and she name be gloria russell . two man in suit follow behind . burton and collin be they name and they be the best the secret service have to offer . 149 int . white house - corridor - night 149 the group , as they leave the room , come to a wide corridor . richmond tell I about walter -- how be he ? sandy lord eighty and alone , Mr. President . richmond he understand officially my hand be tie ? sandy lord Mr. President , he 's touch at you concern . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 45 . 149 continued : 149 richmond any news of the killer ? ( as Sandy indicate " no " ) well , why be not there ? who 's in charge of the case ? sandy lord top man -- eight year homicide work in New York . but I understand how you feel -- it 's hard to be patient . richmond ( terribly upset ) no one understand how I feel -- I be suppose to have all this power but I can not help my oldest friend -- you know and I know that more than any man alive walter Sullivan put I here -- and now when he most need I , he must feel abandon . closeup - richmond * on fire -- richmond -- I will hold a press conference -- and I will have walter come -- and I will embrace he before the world . Sandy . listen . move . sandy lord he will treasure that , Mr. President . what a generous gesture . thank you . thank you . and he reach out , shake Richmond 's hand , squeeze Richmond 's arm and -- Richmond -- suddenly scream in pain -- Sandy pull back , shocked . Richmond look embarrassed . richmond ( quick smile ) damn tennis elbow be kill I . and on that -- 46 . 150 int . hallway outside oval office - night 150 Richmond , immediately after , and he sure be not smile now -- he storm toward the oval Office , Russell , burton and collin hurry to keep up . 151 int . oval office - night 151 burton open the door for they , close it once they be inside . richmond ( throw off he jacket , turn on Russell ) this thing 's worse , gloria . I need to see a doctor . russell the country would have to be inform , Mr. President . richmond what happen to my right to privacy ? ( roll up he sleeve , study he cut ) I think she nick a tendon . russell burton say it 's a flesh wound -- richmond ( to burton ) -- when do you become such a expert , Bill ? -- ever be wounded ? -- burton ( quietly ) yes , sir . many time . the fireplace . Richmond go to it , rub he arm , stare at the flame . russell be you serious about that press conference , Alan ? richmond of course I be -- walter 's be like a father to I . russell shall I bring Mrs. Richmond home for it ? ( continued ) 47 . 151 continued : 151 Richmond , turn from the fire now , quietly . richmond I think Mrs. Richmond 's mission to help the poor in Asia should not be interrupt . ( take a breath , start to button he shirt ) we know anything yet ? russell we check he license plate -- he steal the car from a police impoundment lot . richmond we be not deal with a fool here . ( gesture toward he jacket , as Russell help he into it ) have he initiate contact ? russell burton do not think he will . richmond I agree . ( check himself in a mirror ) sorry about my behavior -- will not happen again ; think of it as a blip on the screen . and as far as I be concerned , so be he . russell he could be a little more than that , Alan -- he see . Richmond . Big . richmond he see nothing -- a drunk woman who like rough sex too much . and he 's a burglar . who 's go to believe he ? ( beat ) after all , it 's not as if he have evidence or anything ... and on that word -- ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 48. 152 int . luther' safe house apartment - letter opener - 152 night luther hold it . it 's the middle of the night . luther turn the weapon over and over in he big hand ... 153 ext . white house rear gate - night ( little later ) 153 * burton be alone in he car , exite the gate and drive * home . he turn onto the main road . 154 ext . STREET near white house / int . burton be car - night 154 he pick up speed . glance around -- no car be follow . burton reach into he pocket , take out a micro - cassette recorder , flick it on . richmond ( v.o. ) what happen to my right to privacy ? ( beat ) I think she nick a tendon . burton click the cassette off , put it back into he pocket . drive into the night ... 155 int . kate apartment - tiny kitchen - day 155 a stove with one burner on high . a tea kettle be over the flame . it be morning and kate be clearly not fully awake . she be finish make instant coffee with lowfat milk and sweet and low ; next she go to the front door of she apartment , open it , pick up the morning Washington Post . she unfold the paper as she start back to the kitchen -- insert - WASHINGTON post huge headline -- as big as you can get without a war . walter sullivan' wife murdered ( continued ) 49 . 155 continued : 155 back to scene kate look at it only a moment , shake she head , then start to turn she attention to another section of the paper -- -- she do not get that far . kate : she have see something she do not catch before -- the front page again . and the headline be still there -- -- but there be a smaller headline beneath it : jewel thief sought kate sit down hard . try for control . enter a nightmare . she stare at the paper . the front page . picture of the mansion , of walter smile on he wedding day , of christy . but kate 's eye keep come back to the smaller headline : jewel thief sought she try to sip coffee , spill . she close she eye -- in the kitchen , the pot of water start to shriek . kate do not move . 156 ext . valerie' middle CLASS neighborhood - day 156 ( early afternoon ) kid riding bicycle . very norman rockwell . 157 int . valerie' basement - day 157 a bald man . there be the sound of a click . we realize after a moment that the bald man be luther . another shot of luther look very different -- full beard . again , a click . luther again -- elegant beard this time . click . pull back to reveal -- we be in the basement game room of one of the suburban home . but we attention be on a whole string of Polaroid of luther . ( continued ) 50 . 157 continued : 157 two people be present : luther and valerie . Valerie be very small , and do not miss much . she have be photograph he , and as the last photo slide out of the camera , she blow on it , put it alongside the other . valerie ( as they study the picture ) you always do disappear good , luther . luther you mean I have get a weak face . thanks , Val . valerie you be lucky be all -- some of my customer , they stand out no matter what . a order form book . Valerie lick a pencil with she tongue . valerie how many passport you need ? luther ( think ) four should cover it . valerie ( write this down ) now you will want different look , and match international driver 's license -- I will throw in some dummy credit card , see it 's you . how the rug I make you hold up ? luther they be good . beard and mustaches , too . valerie ( pleased ) I try to give value for money . leave the country permanent ? luther it may come to that . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 51 . 157 continued : ( 2 ) 157 valerie matter where you have be ? -- I hate do that goddam asian passport stamp . luther Europe 's fine . maybe the Caribbean for winter . when can I pick up ? valerie usually take some time , but for you , I will rush it . luther thanks , Val . I have always be able to count on you . Valerie put the order book down , study he . luther what ? valerie I do not want to know what you be into , but leave forever ... luther finish it . valerie I never figure you for a runner -- thirty percent of my runner kill themselves within five year . luther ( kiss she forehead ) five year do not sound so bad to I just now . and as he head out -- 158 int . police headquarters - criminal lab - day 158 Seth and Laura in the good-size criminal lab . load with up - to-date equipment . Seth have draw a picture of the crime scene . word like * " bedroom door , " " exit window , " " vault , " " bed , " " victim " be write neatly to scale . he hold a sheaf of papers . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 52. 158 continued : 158 it 's late afternoon and thing be already get craze . noise in the b.g. throughout . seth see if any of this make sense . Seth mime open the " bedroom door , " step inside , close it . he make a click with he tongue . seth I be christy Sullivan and I walk in and surprise a burglar . Seth move to the " vault door , " mime close that , make a grunt . LAURA now you be the burglar come out of the vault and be surprised . seth gold star . ( aim he finger like a pistol ) I draw my gun -- LAURA ( cut in ) -- then why do you bother to strangle she when you could just shoot ? seth that 's nothing -- why do I bother to have she strip and then put she clothes back on ? LAURA there I can help you -- see , before you be a burglar you be a dry cleaner and you still love beautiful clothes . seth and I dress she because ? LAURA she be a good customer and you do not want she embarrassed when the police come . ( continued ) * ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 53. 158 continued : ( 2 ) 158 * closeup - seth frustrate . seth she have a point - 21 blood alcohol level . -- she be too drunk to drive . I have check every cab and limo company in the area and not one of they know anything . someone drive she home . goddamit , who ? and why have not they come forward ? LAURA maybe whoever drive she home kill she . seth you say the burglar drive she home ? ( piss ) I hate this case . a open door behind they . a telephone repairman appear . Nice look kid with a dazzle smile . telephone repairman Lieutenant ? -- sorry to bother you -- ( as Seth turn ) I have get you phone work again , should not give you any more trouble . seth good service , thanks . telephone repairman ( dazzle smile as he go ) part of the job . Seth and Laura . Seth 's lose he train of think . then -- seth oh yeah -- remember that bullet hole in the wall ? have the lab dig out the slug -- guess what -- no slug -- why do the burglar take the time to do that ? LAURA different from the one in she body ? ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 54 . 158 continued : ( 3 ) 158 * seth ( get more and more upset ) oh I like that a lot -- two different gun mean two different burglar . two guy break in ? and they both go out the window ? bullshit . ( big ) and oh , by the way , why do he -- or they -- go out the window in the first place when he -- or they -- get in by break a zillion - dollar security system ? -- cop ( o.s. ) -- Seth ? seth ( whirling ) what ? cop ( in doorway ) a Bill burton of the secret service in the parking lot . seth ( give papers to Laura ) here , you solve the goddam thing . ( as he start away ) do I mention that I hate this case ? I really truly hate this case -- you cannot imagine how much I hate it -- 159 ext . police headquarters - parking lot - day 159 burton wait by he car as Seth walk up . burton ( as they shake ) Bill burton , hi -- seth -- hi , Seth Frank -- burton -- I know you must be go crazy -- but the boss be very interested in you progress . maybe we can help each other . ( continued ) 55 . 159 continued : 159 seth what do you have in mind ? burton you know how close he and Sullivan be ? ( as Seth nod ) the minute anything break , if you would call I , I would tell the President . that way , he would be the first to alert Mr. Sullivan -- it would mean a lot to he . and any red tape you want cut -- do . ( as he take out card ) here be my number . he turn , open he front car door . burton ( get in ) lead ? seth still try to figure out what might have happen -- burton -- I love play sherlock holme . seth ( surprised ) you secret service guy do that ? burton I be State trooper here ten year ago before the government get I . Seth . it just pop out . seth you be that Bill burton . burton . embarrass . burton I be young and dumber then . ( quickly ) keep in touch . Seth wave as burton drive away . ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 56 . 160 ext . STREET near police headquarters - day 160 burton . he drive alertly along , turn a corner . up ahead , a telephone repair truck have stop . the repairman lean out . he have a dazzle smile . he and burton wave to each other ... 161 int . sullivan dine room - night 161 * quietly elegant . two man be finish dinner . walter Sullivan we know . michael mccarty , he dinner companion , be 35 , fit , handsome , beautifully dress . he be , at present , tear by a silver tray of small french pastry . walter sullivan ( note mccarty 's temptation ) the chef make they especially for I -- I promise you they be sinful . mccarty grab one , downs it , grin sheepishly . mccarty you be a salesman , Mr. Sullivan . Sullivan nod as they rise . 162 int . sullivan live room - night 162 * tastefully appoint , as one would expect . walter sullivan this be a new arena for I , but from what I be tell , you have a flawless reputation , mister mccarty -- which be why I need to employ you . mccarty understood . walter sullivan I have no idea who I be after . until I do , you will have to wait in Washington for instruction . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 57 . 162 continued : 162 mccarty out of the question , I be afraid . ( explain as they walk ) mine be not particularly creative work -- I only do it because I enjoy live beyond my mean . I can not afford to just sit around . a sofa . walter gesture for they to sit . walter sullivan when I be 10 my father die -- he be a miner and lung disease kill he . I become rich at 25 and the first thing I do be purchase that mine , close it , and give every miner there fifty thousand dollar to retire on . ( beat ; stare at mccarty now ) you will come to Washington , Mr. mccarty . you will put one million dollar expense into the swiss * bank account of you choose . ( beat ) and , when the time come , two million dollar a bullet . mccarty ( smile , nod ) you be a salesman , sir . walter sullivan selling sin be easy ... now , sharply ... CUT to : 163 int . seth's office - closeup - old mug shot of luther - 163 day pull back to reveal ... ... Seth and Laura , in he office . the mug shot be on he desk , along with some folder . Seth beckon to she . LAURA ( study photo ) who be he ? ( continued ) 58 . 163 continued : 163 seth luther whitney -- ( beat ) -- one of the great thief of the world . Seth . the word pour out . seth be go nut with this thing , up all night and I remember you notion how it might be two burglar , and around dawn I think , wait , what if it be not two burglar but what if it be one guy try to throw we off by make it look like two ? ( faster ) call a buddy at the Bureau -- they keep track of this stuff internationally -- he say maybe only a half a dozen guy alive could have pull off the Sullivan job -- I be trace all six -- ( beat ) -- but whitney 's the only one life in Washington . Laura . look at Seth now . start to get excited , too . LAURA why have not I ever hear of he ? seth because he have not be arrest in thirty year . LAURA ( indicate mug shot ) this he graduation picture from Harvard ? seth ( wave she off ) ancient history -- he be not a jewel thief back then . just a kid , just part of a gang , a three - time loser . but since he get out the last time , he 's only work alone -- ( more ) ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 59 . 163 continued : ( 2 ) 163 seth ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) -- and no one 's touch he . ( shake he head ) he get question whenever anything big come up . but nothing stick . LAURA ( really excited now ) Seth -- we can make this stick -- I will bet you anything this be we guy -- a local ? -- can not ask for more -- seth * ( make a face ) * we have get a problem . * LAURA * -- what ? -- seth whitney have not kill anyone in 45 year . Laura do not get it . seth Korea . LAURA Big deal , so he 's a veteran . seth not just a veteran -- a wounded veteran . ( indicate folder ) get he combat record here . Battles , commendation , * decoration up the kazoo . * live alone on he disability . * say he do anyway . * ( glum ) * and I do not do war heroes ... * CUT to : 164 ext . WASHINGTON museum - day 164 luther -- it 's a beautiful morning now and he 's walk up the step to the art museum . he seem in a terrific mood as he go inside -- ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 59a . 164 continued : 164 -- hold . Seth have be on the step of the museum , watch he . now quickly -- 165 int . WASHINGTON museum - day 165 luther , inside , peer back out at Seth . and he do not seem in as terrific a mood now . he hesitates , keep on go . 60 . 166 ext . WASHINGTON museum - day 166 Seth . outside -- and he know luther be watch . 167 int . WASHINGTON museum - day 167 El greco . the usual group have gather , sketching away . luther be deeply engross in he labor . Seth enter the room , casually take it all in . he approach the group , end up behind luther who be intent on get the hand right . luther ( not look ) Boy , you must be smart . seth ( really take aback ) sorry ? luther usually take a week for you guy to get to I . ( turn , smile ) you look just like you picture , Seth . I be luther whitney . he reach out to shake a surprised Seth 's hand -- 168 int . museum - coffee shop - day 168 they walk in , go to the food line . there be , throughout , a banter tone . not that it matter , but this two , in a different world , would like each other -- they be both , in they own way , deeply moral man . luther so , do you want my confession now or after coffee ? as luther draw some coffee from a urn -- seth ( do the same ) before I send you away for life , I should probably check out you alibi . ( continued ) 61 . 168 continued : 168 luther watched the bullet game with Red bransford . prison buddy of mine -- run a bar -- want to question I about the game ? I be probably lie . they each give the cashier some money and we see a quiet table in the corner as they head for it . seth you be follow the case ? luther ( nod vigorously ) I love true crime -- seth -- f.b.i. feel only a few guy could have handle something as hard as the Sullivan job . ( touch he notebook ) I have get a list here ; you be on it . luther ( nothing show ) I wish it be true . ( shake he head ) you robber actually go in the front door but come out down a rope in the dark in the middle of the night ? ( as Seth nod ; luther sigh ) if only I could do stuff like that -- I would be the star of my a.a.r.p. meeting . luther and Seth as they sit . Seth smile , look at luther . seth ( beat ) luther ? why be this so hard ? luther . now he 's surprised . he kind of smile . luther you want I to help solve you case ? ( continued ) 62 . 168 continued : ( 2 ) 168 seth just look for insight . how would you -- scratch that -- how would one go about it ? what kind of person do you think I should be look for ? luther ( like a shot ) older fella . like I . seth ( now he smile ) because ? luther need patience . the secret be just research , research , research -- from everything I have read . Seth . this have not go at all the way he think -- and he 's start to get fascinate . seth Research for what ? luther well , from what I can tell on the tube , it 's not a small house . ( as Seth nod ) there have to be a architect , right ? you would be able to tell which one from public record in the library . and once you know the office , you could break in and find the plan and xerox they , get they back before morning . seth not just steal they ? luther Seth -- break in be not hard -- what 's hard be break in so no one know you have be there . now , after the architect , next you would want the contractor 's office -- and the security company 's office . ( beat ) you know the skill involved break the security of a security company ? ( shake he head ) I wonder how that guy do it ? ( continued ) 63. 168 continued : ( 3 ) 168 seth why go to all that trouble ? luther paper say he keep the money in a vault , yes ? ( as Seth nod ) well , I be guess there be probably some secret way to open it -- seth ( casually ) -- clicker -- luther ( fascinate ) -- explain -- seth -- gizmo -- look like a V.C.R. remote -- luther ( shaking he head ) -- amazing -- ( beat ) -- must have be a lot of money inside . seth ( sip casually ; a pause ) five million . and on that word -- luther , more than he think , a lot more -- but of course nothing show -- instead he break out laugh . seth why 's that funny ? luther the way you say it -- as if you be try to surprise I . seth ( smile ) I be try to surprise you . luther ( smile back ) there you go . ( continued ) 64 . 168 continued : ( 4 ) 168 Seth sip he coffee , take out he notebook , open it . seth would the burglar use a disguise ? luther Seth , you have get to get with the program you expect to catch this guy -- most likely it be a guy , be I right ? some kind of weird loner ? seth maybe like you . luther ( could not agree more ) I be the perfect prototype . ( sip away ) but you see any face often enough , you will start put thing together . that 's why this top guy disguise themselves . I read a great article a couple of year back -- damn , I wish I could remember where -- anyway , it be about this makeup expert some of they use -- wigmaker , people like that . seth ( flipping a page ) go on about the wigmaker . luther ( glance at he watch ) I would love that but I be late as it be -- get to get my pacemaker check . ( he like Seth ) -- all this excitement , you understand . seth ( and he like luther ) a ) you do not have a pacemaker , and B ) I will be back tomorrow . luther tomorrow be promise to no one . hold on luther . 65 . 169 int . luther' SMALL house - bedroom - night 169 luther be throw clothes into a suitcase while talk on the phone -- luther not ' till morning ? ( make a face ) -- I will be by early -- he hang up , shut the suitcase , take off out the door -- 170 int . kate apartment - night 170 a place we have see briefly before . Dark . moonlight through the window . the sound of a key in the door . luther enter , take out a tiny flashlight . we be in one largish room , book all over . the home of someone who do not care a whole lot about they home . 171 int . kitchen - night 171 luther enter . he open the fridge . disaster -- still water , sparkling water , carrot stick . luther ( sadly , mutter ) Katie darling , you have gotta try real food sometime . he close the door , move back into the room -- 172 int . kate apartment - night 172 a graduation photo of kate . luther touch it with a fingertip , move on through the silence . 173 int . kate apartment - bedroom - night 173 luther by the bed now , he flash he light around -- -- what the light illuminate : a bed table full of law book . expected . a phone / answer machine . the mandatory lamp . and photograph . a proud mother and daughter picture . the daughter be kate . the mother be a fine-looking woman with a kind face . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 66 . 173 continued : 173 half a dozen more shot as kate grow up , the mother grow older . mother and daughter , mother and daughter . nothing unusual here at all . so why be luther so sad ? hold . 174 ext . middleton county courthouse - day 174 10 a.m. a white - brick , weather - beat building , Old glory fight the breeze . richmond ( v.o. ) I be have this press conference here because ... Richmond , speak on a podium . the press corps stand in front of he , tv crew of all kind , CNN the most noticeable . richmond ... it be here , at this courthouse , * that christine Sullivan 's killer will be try for he crime . burton and collin , in the b.g. , scan the crowd . gloria Russell stand behind they . 175 int . airport lounge - day 175 the same shot -- only now it 's grainy -- we be watch it on a tv screen . CNN on the tube . a bartender clean glass ; otherwise , not a whole lot go on . now luther enter , dress for travel . he go to a stool , order a ginger ale , put he passport and ticket on the bar , glance toward the tv . luther turn that off , okay ? bartender ( finish up the glass ) in a sec . 67 . 176 ext . middleton county courthouse - day 176 Richmond at he press conference . he speak without note and he speak beautifully . richmond as you know , I come from a impoverish family in a impoverish town -- but we live with we door unlock . Russell watch , listen ; she love hearing he talk . richmond ( o.s. ) we all lock we door now , but that be not what concern I ... burton and collin , scan the crowd . richmond ( o.s. ) ... we be also lock we heart ... that be the sadness , that be the loss . Richmond , and suddenly he 's like a Southern minister . richmond we be lock we heart to the cry of the weary , we be lock we heart to the poor and they pain ... a old man , stand behind Russell . we realize it 's walter Sullivan . richmond ( o.s. ) ... sister and brother , we be lock we heart to ourselves . 177 int . airport lounge - day 177 walter Sullivan . grainy now . CNN . he have age shockingly in the past couple of day . luther stare sympathetically at the devastate old man . -- Sullivan 's image suddenly be go -- -- the bartender have turned off the television . luther ( politely ) put it back on . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 68. 177 continued : 177 bartender ( start to argue ) you say -- luther ( cut through ) do it -- CNN . walter Sullivan be still there . richmond ( v.o. ) we feel savagery and violence must be allow a place at table . ( beat ) that be wrong . that be not America . I shall fight that battle . luther , stare at the image of walter Sullivan , who be heartsick and beat . luther be simply transfix -- -- Richmond on CNN and now he have turn and be beckone for walter Sullivan to join he . Sullivan for a moment be uncertain . he point to himself -- " do you mean I ? " Richmond nod , open he arm out wide . Sullivan get up , come forward . luther , as he get up too , also come forward , leave the stool , walk close to the television . Richmond and Sullivan , grainy on CNN as Richmond embrace Sullivan , hold he in a loving embrace . richmond ( v.o. ) dear friend , old friend , we shall fight that battle . Sullivan , too overcome by the moment , can only nod . richmond ( v.o. ) who can explain the way of chance ? if we have never meet , I would not be President . if christine have not take ill , she would be with you in Barbados * even now . oh , walter , you have * always be like a father to I . * I would give the world to lessen you pain . 69 . 178 ext . middleton county courthouse - day 178 the press corps . subdued , sadden . Richmond and walter . they turn , face the camera . the president 's arm be still around the old man ; they both blink back tear and now -- -- here it come ! -- 179 int . airport lounge - extreme closeup - luther - day 179 tear of rage in he eye . a rage so deep it shock he -- luther you -- heartless -- prick -- ( building ) -- you -- fuck -- bastard -- the bartender , surprised , turn toward luther . he start to say something , stop ; something tell he to shut up and he do . 180 ext . middleton county courthouse - day 180 Richmond , wiping away tear , alone on camera . 181 int . airport lounge - day 181 luther , wiping away tear , in the bar . a shot of the two of they , luther and Richmond , one on CNN , one in reality , because luther have move so close to the tv he and Richmond could almost be stare at each other . luther ( whisper now ) I be not run -- not from you . ( beat ) I be go to bring you down ... hold on the two man . 182 int . white house - NORTH portico - day 182 seventy very excited people we have never see before . they stare around at they surroundings -- they be in the White House . on a guide tour . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 70 . 182 continued : 182 a bright late morning of what 's go to be a beautiful day . a guide lead the people through a doorway . they troop happily along . luther be with they ; he seem happy too . 183 int . white house - NORTH portico area - day 183 the guide lead the people through . they look around , chat with they friend , follow the guide out . luther follow the guide out too . hold on the room . all be as it be . except a large envelope have be drop on a side table . move in on the envelope -- -- it 's address to gloria Russell . 184 int . white house - gloria russell's office - day 184 gloria Russell . terrify . her door be close , Russell be at she desk . burton stand alongside . collin , silent , sit in a corner . and on she desk , half out of the envelope , be a photo - graph of the letter opener . russell he be in the building -- he take a guide tour . burton pull the picture all the way out , study it . russell I have never deal with blackmail -- burton ( try for calm ) -- he do not want money -- russell ( explode ) -- you a mind reader too ? * ( continued ) 71 . 184 continued : 184 burton ( under control ) no , I just look on the back -- ( show she ) -- see ? -- luther have write something . russell ( read ) ' I do not want money . ' Russell be more upset . burton almost smile . luther ( admiringly ) this guy sure have the gut of a burglar . wish we have he . collin laugh . russell you finish you recruiting speech ? because I would like to know how I handle this . burton like you handle the letter opener ? Russell . she study burton . then -- russell gee , Bill , that could be construe as criticism . do you really want I as a enemy ? burton stand there , massively powerful . his voice , when he speak , be he usual voice : polite , considerate . burton miss Russell , I should have call the police that night . but I be weak . you convinced I to stay silent . I regret that . ( another pause ) know this : every time I see you face I want to rip you throat out . Russell . silence . ( continued ) 72 . 184 continued : ( 2 ) 184 russell Fine -- you win the pissing contest -- ( then suddenly almost like a little girl ) -- what should I do ? burton nothing -- because he 's make a terrible mistake , he think he have time -- he do not -- Seth Frank 's too good . he will bring he in . russell then what ? collin ( he first word ) then I kill he . now , from they -- 185 int . kate office - day 185 she be , we will find , a top prosecutor for the common - wealth of Virginia . her office be a zoo . on she desk , a baby picture of kate and she mom smile -- but there be something a little different about it . Seth enter and they shake . he glance around -- -- see the photograph , glance away . kate have rise now -- and in the silence it 's clear that even though they be both stand still , they be both circle . seth ( try for a smile ) for a tough prosecutor , you do not resemble you reputation , miss whitney . kate ( the same ) be that good or bad ? ( more ) ( continued ) 73. 185 continued : 185 kate ( cont 'd ) ( before Seth can reply ) look , Lieutenant -- I tell you on the phone , I be simply not involved with my father , so this may not be a waste of time for you , but it sure be for I . seth what would you do if I just turn around and leave ? kate report you as a incompetent . seth ( a real smile now ) you be exactly like you reputation , miss whitney -- as they head out -- 186 int . lounge outside kate office - day 186 they enter . it 's empty . seth ( the instant they be alone ) I be assume you father 's a big part of you -- kate -- what ? -- seth -- you think it 's all coincidence ? he 's a thief and you just happen to be the toughest prosecutor in the area ? kate ( just amaze ) wow -- that never cross my mind -- you think there might be some connection ? -- like maybe I be somehow compensate ? -- I better write that down . seth -- luther disappear . ( continued ) 74 . 186 continued : 186 no reaction . a bang - up couch . kate sit , shrug . seth I think you can help I . kate Lieutenant -- I do not know the man -- he be in jail when I be a kid , when he get out my mother and I go off to live by ourselves . we do not make contact . he do not care about I . I have see he all of once this past year . seth when ? kate couple day ago . he say he might be go away . there . I just help you . can I go back to work now ? seth ( shake he head ) any idea where he might have go ? Seth and kate realize something : in a different world , under different circumstance , they would probably be start a affair . kate ( snappishly ) quit waste my time -- if he do not want you to find he , you be not go to find he . seth you say he 's leave town , skip the country , what ? kate I be say you will not recognize he . I be say he could be just around the corner -- he always keep a safe house -- seth ( cut in ) -- where ? -- ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 75 . 186 continued : ( 2 ) 186 kate he never say -- seth -- then where would you hear this ? closeup - kate * kate -- my mother love he , all right ? -- even after she leave he -- even when she be die she always talk about he -- ' if only he have not this , ' ' if only he could have that ' -- she stop . Seth , watch she . seth and ? kate I meet a lot of asshole cop like you -- guy who o.d. would on columbo -- seth -- Lady , I may be a asshole cop but you do not know I well enough to call I one -- kate -- there 's something else , be not there ? something you want I to do ? -- but you will not say --- Seth . there be . but he will not say . kate . for the first time now , apprehension . now -- 187 ext . luther' house - day 187 the row of small , neat house -- where luther live . kate and Seth get out of he car , go to the front door . kate how long do he live here ? ( continued ) 76 . 187 continued : 187 seth year . kate never be . 188 ext . luther' front door - day 188 Seth stoops , get the key from under the terra cotta planter . seth strange place for a thief to leave a key , do not you think ? kate ( quick memory ) he always do that ... 189 int . luther' house - live room - day 189 they enter . it 's surprisingly tidy . Seth and kate as they move along . Seth be watch kate who suddenly stop dead . the mantle . a large blowup of the same picture kate have in she office , the one of kate and she mom -- -- with one startling change : luther be in this shot , stand there proud and smile . she have rip he presence out of she photo . Seth , silently watch kate . she turn sharply away . he gesture for she to follow . 190 int . luther' bedroom - day 190 they enter . clothes toss all over . seth he sure take off in a hurry . what scare a professional thief like that ? kate . no reply . she have see something across the tiny room and be draw to it -- luther 's bed table -- -- and here it be ! ( continued ) 77 . 190 continued : 190 call it a montage , call it a collage , call it what you will , we be look at dozen of photograph -- -- all of they feature kate . many of they we see in she apartment -- only here , as in the photo over the mantle , luther be there with kate and she mom . we be look at a shrine ! and there be new photo too -- kate at she college graduation , kate at she law school graduation , kate and she mother come out of a elegant restaurant , kate alone on the step of middleton County courthouse -- -- this be not pose shot . she look wonderful and alive in all of they -- kate . she look dead now . all energy go . she sit heavily down on the bed . kate ( fight tear ) ... but he be not at that place ... ( point to the grow - up photo ) ... college graduation ; law school graduation ; the night Mom and I celebrate when I get a job ; and I alone on the step ? -- I would just win my first case , I be so proud ... ( still fight ) ... I use to think ... sometimes I would come home and I would sense he would be in my apartment , check the fridge , shaking he head because he never think I eat right ... it 's crazy but I just know daddy be watch over I ... and now she lose it , start cry silently . Seth kneel alongside she , give she a handkerchief . seth you can do a good thing , kate -- ( beat ) -- help I bring he in . just leave a message on he phone machine , you be worried about he . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 78. 190 continued : ( 2 ) 190 kate ... no ... seth it 's the truth -- you be worried about he -- this be not you normal case -- he life may be in danger -- you can save he , make the call -- kate ... he will not come ... seth ( indicate the picture ) of course he will come . you be all he have . kate , stare at the photo , try to get control . seth ( move in ) kate , he 's on the run and he 's scared and he 's right to be scared because he 's go to get catch -- you do not know the heat on this . * kate * he 's not a murderer . * seth * maybe you be right . maybe he be * innocent . if so I will have he * home and dry in a few hour . but * what happen if some hotshot who 's try to make a reputation track he down ? ( beat ) I can guarantee he safety . you make the call , I make a promise : you will have you father , home and dry ... 191 int . kate apartment - late afternoon 191 kate alone . totally wipe out . she be on the phone with Seth . outside , the sun be die . kate I leave a message on he machine , he call back within a hour ; we be meeting tomorrow afternoon . ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 79 . 192 int . seth's office - late afternoon 192 Seth , take it down . seth where ? kate ( v.o. ) a open-air place near my office , the Cafe alonzo -- Seth 's excited . 193 int . treasury build - burton' office - burton - 193 * late afternoon take it down . kate ( v.o. ) four o'clock -- it 's desert then . burton 's excited too . hold . 194 ext . sky - moon - night 194 high in the sky -- middle of the night now . 195 int . kate apartment - kate - night 195 wire . pace across she small apartment , back and forth , back and forth . 196 int . seth's office - seth - night 196 alone in he office , go over plan , sip coffee to stay awake . 197 int . burton' bedroom - burton - night 197 alone in he bed , stare at the ceiling , a nearly empty scotch bottle in one hand . 198 omitted 198 199 int . luther' safe house apartment - luther - night 199 listen to the phone machine . we hear kate voice . " daddy ... I miss you ... I be worried ... call I ... " a click . luther hang up , immediately dial again . we hear the message start over . " daddy ... I miss you ... " as he continue to listen -- 80 . 200 ext . firing range - day ( early morning ) 200 -- on what 's go to be a gorgeous day . burton , yawn , blow into a steaming paper cup of coffee . collin , wide awake , move alongside . collin be carry a rifle . -- we be at a government fire range . collin squint into the morning sun . burton , put down the coffee cup , pick up a pair of binocular . burton and collin stare out -- -- a distant target be be raise . collin . he stroke the barrel of he high - power rifle . CUT to : 201 target 201 a long way off . CUT to : 202 burton 202 as he have focus the binocular -- 203 binocular Pov - target 203 see through the binocular as it come clear -- the bull 's eye be small . CUT to : 204 collin 204 with he rifle . his finger still move along the barrel . no hurry whatsoever -- -- and then it all go fast , and in one motion he be aim and firing and firing again and the sound explode and -- burton , daze . CUT to : 81 . 205 target 205 -- the bull 's eye have be totally blow away . CUT to : 206 omitted 206 207 int . downtown men' store - day 207 luther and a salesman be engage in conversation . luther be buttone a new raincoat to the throat . the salesman hold several hat . luther pick one , try it on . luther I need to look really good today . he do not like the hat . salesman Business ? ( as luther try the other hat -- very rakish , he like it ) it 's a woman , I can tell . ( as luther nod ) never too late , be it ? luther . beam . luther you get that right . now , from he happy face -- 208 ext . cafe alonzo build - three cursing workmen - day 208 pull back to reveal the workmen be on a scaffold two storey up , struggle to replace a glass panel that have crack . the glass panel be heavy and bulky and the workmen be have a bitch of a time with it . the entire front of the building be glass panel . it mirror the area across the street -- a bunch of dilapidate brownstone . ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 82. 209 ext . brownstone across from cafe alonzo - day 209 they be empty and , accord to a sign , be due for demolition . all the window of the brownstone be close -- except one . on a upper story . 210 int . brownstone - day 210 Inside the window . Michael mccarty , who we last meet at * walter Sullivan 's , be there . he look out . * 211 he Pov 211 the glass building and the struggle workmen and , on the ground floor , a few table be set outside , with large umbrella alongside each . there be a sign : cafe alonzo . 212 int . brownstone - day 212 mccarty . beside he be a leather case . he open it . the case . a very high - power rifle . mccarty begin to expertly assemble it , taut and businesslike . 213 int . police headquarters debrief room - day 213 Seth , taut and businesslike , stand by a blow - up map of the Cafe alonzo area . the restaurant be circle -- and around it be mark place for policeman to wait -- Seth be give instruction to that policeman now -- -- fifty of they . and no one 's smile . 214 int . kate apartment - day 214 kate . dress and ready . lying on she bed . afternoon now . she get up , make it halfway to the front door -- -- can not do it -- she turn , go back to bed , lie down again , freeze . 215 ext . cafe alonzo build - day 215 the cursing workmen . the glass panel be so damn cumbersome they be have a miserable time . ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 83. 216 ext . cafe alonzo - day 216 a elderly couple sit at one of the half dozen outdoor table . the place be empty . 217 ext . police headquarters - parking lot - day 217 Seth , outside headquarters now , give instruction to police officer . behind they : two dozen unmark car . CUT to : 218 SUN 218 later in the afternoon . 219 ext . police headquarters - parking lot - day 219 burton , get out of he car at Seth 's Police headquarters . Seth , finish instruct a dozen motorcycle cop . * burton move up behind Seth , wait quietly . as Seth be do , he see burton , they nod , start toward Seth 's car . burton the boss be very grateful . thanks . seth figure he would like a eyewitness report of the capture . this be we guy -- if he 's innocent , he sure take off awful fast . 220 ext . cafe alonzo build - day 220 the three workmen . make some headway with the bulky glass panel -- 221 gunscope Pov 221 -- now crosshair cover they and we -- pull back to reveal -- ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 84 . 222 int . brownstone - day 222 mccarty , stare out the window of the brownstone , the rifle point -- very relaxed , he pull the trigger -- the rifle's not load yet -- and the staccato " click " be all we hear . 223 int . cafe alonzo build - lobby 223 Seth and burton move quickly into the lobby of the glass office building that adjoin the Cafe alonzo -- the lobby have a clear view of the outdoor part of the cafe . around and behind they , dozen of cop get in position . 224 ext . STREET - cafe alonzo build - day 224 around the corner from the glass building -- unmark car . 225 ext . another STREET - near the cafe build - day 225 * motorcycle , wait in shadow , out of sight . 226 int . cafe alonzo build - lobby - day 226 Seth and burton . they have both see a lot -- which do not mean they be not tense . burton take out some tum , offer they to Seth . Seth shake he head , bring out tum of he own . CUT to : 227 SUN 227 start down . 228 ext . cafe alonzo build - day 228 the three workmen and they hate they job . one of they glance down . 229 ext . cafe alonzo - day 229 empty . now , from the workmen ' angle , a woman move to one of the table . it 's kate . they do not pay much attention . 85 . 230 ext . cafe alonzo - day 230 kate . she hesitates , then decide on the front table . she take a breath . sits. motionless . CUT to : 231 gunscope Pov - closeup on kate 231 -- now crosshair cover she face and we -- pull back to reveal -- 232 int . brownstone - day 232 mccarty as before , with he weapon . he pull the trigger again and again , there be the " click " -- now he flick away a grain of dust from the barrel -- -- then he put the weapon down , reach out and -- one bullet . it 's supersonic ammo . mccarty pick it up , blow on it gently . he might be hold a child . 233 int . cafe alonzo build - lobby - day 233 burton and Seth . they can see kate sit alone in the late afternoon . seth ( mutter ) fuck ... -- and a goddamn waiter have appear and be walk out toward kate . he be asian and very young . 234 ext . cafe alonzo 234 kate , startle as the waiter call out from behind she . waiter miss ? ( as she spin around ) what you want please ? his English could be a lot better . kate nothing , thank you . ( continued ) 86 . 234 continued : 234 waiter get to . kate pardon ? waiter ( gesture ) you sit you eat please . 235 int . cafe alonzo build - lobby - day 235 Seth and burton . stun . seth this be not part of my brilliant master plan . more tum . burton unfuckingbelievable . they both crunch away . 236 int . brownstone - day 236 mccarty , watch the waiter and kate . he 's not happy either . he point a finger at the waiter , go " boom . " 237 ext . cafe alonzo - day 237 kate , and it 's almost four o'clock and she 's not at she best . kate ( gesture around ) I be wait for someone . waiter he must eat too , please . kate oh he will , we both will -- we will order half the menu -- but just not now -- the waiter nod , finally he turn , start off . kate . tremble . ( continued ) 87 . 237 continued : 237 the waiter return . waiter cheesecake go . kate thank you so much . the waiter nod again , and this time he do go . kate , watch he , make sure . now she sit straight -- 238 closeup - kate 238 very shaky , try to hold it together . and now crosshair cover she face as we pull back to reveal -- 239 ext . / int . unmarked van on STREET near cafe build - 239 day collin . he hold a very high - power weapon . it look like it could kill from a thousand yard away . where he be -- and it 's not a thousand yard away -- he 's in a unmark van on the street , even closer than mccarty . collin , load he weapon . his movement be skilled . his concentration be total . 240 int . brownstone - day 240 mccarty , glance out at the office building area . the three workmen on the scaffold be fight to right the glass panel . one of they grab a rope connect to a block and tackle . he pull on the rope . slowly , the piece begin to rise . 241 ext . cafe alonzo - day 241 kate , sit alone , study she hand . 242 int . cafe alonzo build - lobby - day 242 Seth and burton . the wait be agony . 88. 243 ext . cafe alonzo - day 243 kate . it 's worse for she . she glance around -- -- nothing , no one . 244 int . brownstone - day 244 mccarty . all the time in the world . 245 int . unmarked van - day 245 collin . blow on he weapon slightly . 246 ext . cafe alonzo - day 246 kate , and it 's a question of how much longer she can take it . her tremble be almost out of control -- she glance around again and -- -- and there he be ! luther whitney himself , and he look splendid in he new raincoat and hat -- -- he move along in the shadow of the office building , toward the cafe , walk with he usual grace -- luther always seem to glide . 247 int . brownstone - day 247 mccarty in the window . spot luther -- -- totally control . 248 int . unmarked van - day 248 collin do the same . 249 int . lobby - day 249 Seth and burton , and the instant luther be visible , Seth gesture toward the policeman : get ready . 250 int . brownstone - mccarty - day 250 raise he rifle . 89 . 251 int . unmarked van - day 251 collin , raise he . 252 ext . cafe alonzo build - day 252 the three workmen , raise the glass panel . 253 ext . cafe alonzo - day 253 kate . watch she father come closer . luther . it 's hard to suppress a smile as he walk towards he daughter . kate , still watch . luther , almost there . speak softly . luther I do not kill that woman , kate . 254 int . brownstone - day 254 mccarty , flipping off the safety . 255 int . unmarked van - day 255 collin , do the same . 256 ext . cafe alonzo - day 256 luther and kate , and he start to sit -- 257 int . lobby - day 257 Seth , right hand raise -- he 's about to start it all in motion . 258 int . brownstone - day 258 mccarty , he finger float to the trigger . 259 int . unmarked van - day 259 collin , do the same . 90 . 260 ext . cafe alonzo - day 260 luther , seat now and as at last , he reach out for he daughter 's hand -- 261 ext . cafe alonzo build - day 261 -- the three workmen , and for a moment the glass panel slip and tilt and as it catch the afternoon sun -- 262 int . brownstone - day 262 -- mccarty , blind as the red reflection hit he eye but he fire . 263 ext . cafe alonzo - day 263 luther and kate as suddenly the umbrella at they table be severe and start to topple . 264 int . unmarked van - day 264 collin , startle , and he fire too . 265 ext . cafe alonzo - day 265 luther , instantly diving toward kate as the second bullet explode in the pavement close by . 266 int . lobby - day 266 Seth , stunne , because this be crazy and burton , stunne , eye wide . 267 ext . cafe alonzo - day 267 luther , take kate down to the sidewalk , protect she body with he body and -- madness ! -- because all go nut now as there be shout and scream and people run this way , that way -- 268 int . lobby - day 268 -- Seth be in the center of it all , shouting instruction , racing with burton out of the building -- ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 91 . 269 ext . STREET / cafe alonzo build - day 269 -- unmark car fill the street -- -- a hundred uniform policeman charge -- -- motorcycle roar in from everywhere -- 270 ext . cafe alonzo - day 270 -- kate lie daze -- stare at the chaos -- here come thirty uniform policeman -- * -- and here come thirty more -- * 271 ext . rear of brownstone - day 271 -- mccarty race out of the back of the building , leap into a sportscar , gun away -- 272 int . unmarked van - day 272 -- collin disassemble he rifle , scramble from the van -- 273 int . lobby - day 273 -- burton stay close to Seth , watch it all -- 274 ext . cafe alonzo build - day 274 -- the three workmen look down at it all -- then they look at each other in total confusion -- what the fuck be go on ? -- -- because what they see be that the recently - desert plaza be now stuff with cop and more cop and vehicle and here come more and here come even more -- 275 ext . cafe alonzo - day 275 and kate sit now , stare around , look for luther -- -- and Seth in the middle of it all stare around , look for luther -- -- because where the hell be he ? a black police lieutenant , shouting for he man to spread out . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 92 . 275 continued : 275 burton , turn , turn , try to make sense of it all . Three police sergeant on motorcycle , gunning through the crowd . kate , stand now , look down -- and then she see it -- on the ground where luther be : a new raincoat and a new hat and -- Seth , and it 's all go wrong and it 's all go crazy and there be noise and there be shout and there be whistle . the black police lieutenant , break into a run , chase after someone we can not quite make out . 276 int . cafe alonzo - day 276 * a tall uniform police lieutenant , enter Cafe alonzo -- -- he pass a couple of guy in chef 's hat and the chinese waiter who just gape out toward what be he service area -- -- the tall uniform police lieutenant move gracefully past -- -- it 's luther . he go to the front door of the place , glance back toward where the noise be still mount -- shake he head -- out the door and go ! 277 int . kate apartment - night 277 the door to kate 's apartment open and Seth come in with kate . even . kate be as drain as you would expect . kate ( glance around ) messy . seth I like that in a woman . she do not smile . Seth , give she back she key and a piece of paper . his voice be raw from all the shouting . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 93. 277 continued : 277 seth top number 's local police -- ( as she nod ) -- other two be my office and home . ( off another nod ) I live alone , too , call anytime . want I to get someone to spend the night ? kate I just need some sleep . seth I have get surveillance outside . and I be keep it on ' till this be over . I have get a feel he 's go to try and contact you . kate you be on a hot streak , I guess . seth listen , I be sorry . kate . nothing to say . seth anything unusual , call I right away -- not a bother , I live alone . kate you say . seth ( he know that ) feeble , huh ? she nod . they look at each other . then he start toward * the door . slowly . kate anything for the road ? I have get water and water . seth deal . 278 int . kate apartment - kitchen - night 278 they enter and she open the fridge -- ( continued ) 94 . 278 continued : 278 -- and it 's full of food : milk and fruit and cookie . kate stare , then quickly glance at Seth . he just point to a bottle . seth pelligrino would be great . ( off kate , who can not help it , break out laugh ) what 's funny , I say it wrong ? kate tire be all . as she hand he a bottle . 279 int . kate apartment - front door - night 279 as they move toward it . he open it . seth I do not think I have tell you this , but I live alone . ( and this time , as she do smile , and he do go ) lock it behind I . kate ( locking it loudly ) how 's that ? seth ( o.s. ) Real good . try and sleep . his footstep get softer , disappear . kate ( still face door , she back to she apartment ) I betrayed you , luther . you better know that now . luther ( o.s. ) you be not the first . as kate turn , luther , stand there , be look at she . kate why would you come ? ( continued ) 95 . 279 continued : 279 luther you have to know I be not a murderer . kate no , this afternoon . to the restaurant . why would you come then ? you must have suspect something , or you would not have be prepare . luther ( simply ) my daughter want to see I . he point to the couch -- as kate sit . luther , and before she 's even seat , he 's into it . luther the robbery go fine ' till they come in . they be drunk . I hide in the vault . sex get rough . he be go to kill christy , but she turn the table , be go to kill he . two guy come in , shot she dead . kate the same two guy who try for you this afternoon ? luther probably only one of they . I think walter Sullivan might have hire the other . kate pretty powerful enemy ; good go . luther not as powerful as the President of the United States . kate just look at he . Dead silence . luther Richmond be drunk . the two guy be secret service . Chief of staff Russell plan the coverup . kate just look at he . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 96 . 279 continued : ( 2 ) 279 Dead silence . luther . study she . not a great reaction . kate . Little shake of the head . luther every word true . kate you be say you be innocent of the murder ? why in the world * should I believe you ? closeup - luther * Long pause . luther because I swear on mattie 's grave . kate * rocked -- luther , go to she . luther on you mother 's grave , kate -- you know I would kill myself before I would lie about that . kate . look at he . because he would not lie , not about that . everything he 's tell she , all true . the air go out of she . silence . kate ( soft ) Jesus , luther . luther I know . kate they will kill you . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 97 . 279 continued : ( 3 ) 279 luther I know . kate can you run ? luther as he sit beside she on the couch . luther I be set to . at the airport . all the money I would ever need . closeup - luther * luther but I see that bastard use * Sullivan on the t.v. -- maybe I could not have save that woman , kate . but I do not even try . ( beat ) I know what you think of I and I know what we have be to each other -- ( beat ) -- have not be to each other . and it 's not the time to try and explain my life -- kate * watch he face now . luther -- but I have never rob anyone could not afford it and I have never stiffe a waitress . ( beat ) and Alan Richmond have to pay . kate what can you do ? luther not much , maybe -- but I only go to jail when I have partner . ( beat ) people betray each other , kate -- nowadays , when there 's a group , someone want to write a book -- ( more ) ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 98 . 279 continued : ( 4 ) 279 luther ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) -- this people hate each other . and if I can drive they just a little bit nut , who know how they will react under pressure ? ( rise and look at she ) glad for the talk , wish we would have more . luther cross to the door , turn . luther this be probably it ; you understand that . ( as she do , he still look at she . then -- ) I be never go to tell you this , but I watch you argue a case last year -- thank God you get you brain from you mother . kate stand now , too -- they be across the room from each other . kate it 's dangerous outside . luther it always be -- ( beat ) -- and I may not make you proud , kate -- ( soft ) -- but I be not go down alone ... and on that ... 280 ext . russell apartment build - day 280 a elegant high -rise in Washington . crisp , cool afternoon . a doorman stand outside , enjoy the day . a well - dress man round the corner ; he hold a small , beautifully - wrap package with a small envelope attach . he move to the doorman . ( continued ) 99 . 280 continued : 280 well-dressed man ( it 's luther ) for miss gloria Russell . he hand it over . doorman ( take it ) want I to sign anything ? luther ( shake head ) I trust you . and he turn , walk quickly away as we -- 281 int . russell's apartment - day 281 the envelope be open . it 's early evening now . the message inside be short and clear -- " gloria , thanks for the rescue . ar " Russell smile , and as she open the package -- 282 int . white house - east room - night 282 a beautiful necklace . antique mostly likely . and tasteful -- we hear the sound of a orchestra playing walty . pull back to reveal gloria Russell , look just splendid , the necklace around she throat , enter a large and very impressive White House dinner - dance . clearly a important affair of state . we have never see Russell quite like this -- relaxed , secure in she femininity . she nod distantly to burton and collin who be , as always , close the President . for the first time now , we realize something : gloria Russell be hot for Alan Richmond . Richmond , on the edge of the dance floor , chat with some elderly couple , several of they european , all of they wealthy . richmond ( as Russell approach ) you be a vision this evening , miss Russell . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 100 . 282 continued : 282 russell thank you , Mr. President . ( beat ) and thank you , Mr. President . richmond ( do not understand ) for ? ( off she , radiant , indicate the necklace ) come again ? this time she touch it -- he bend close to she . russell ( whisper ) you send it to I this afternoon . Long pause -- then ... closeup - richmond * so happy . richmond well , of course . ( now , to the other ) Excuse I , all -- I be overcome with the desire to dance with my Chief of staff . * a hand to she -- Russell , beam , move out onto the dance floor with he . everyone at the gather , watch they . Richmond and Russell , very much aware that all eye be on they -- -- what we do not know be this : they be both wonderful dancer . and they seem to be reveling in they move -- -- because throughout this , they never stop smile . richmond what be this nonsense ? I be hope there 's a explanation . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 101 . 282 continued : ( 2 ) 282 russell ( surprised ) you gift , Alan -- I be overwhelm -- and you note be so gratify -- richmond ( cut in ) -- I send a note ? russell yes , yes , you think I do not know you write ? I assume you want I to wear it tonight . the necklace . he look at it as they spin gracefully . richmond it be lovely , gloria -- and you know what else ? they do a perfect dip . russell what , Alan ? richmond christy Sullivan wear it the night * she be kill . * Russell , a quick glint of panic , a gentle peal of feminine laughter . Richmond and Russell -- he bend she back , they mouth be close . richmond you realize what this mean ? whitney 's be hear from . closeup - russell * they spin and glide . Long pause . then -- russell it 's not precisely the first time , Mr. President . * the music be build to climax now . they movement become more grand . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 102. 282 continued : ( 3 ) 282 * richmond ( so happy ) you have be keep thing from I ? russell only because you have so much on you plate , Alan ; we want to spare you . ( beat ) he send I a Polaroid of the letter opener yesterday . closeup - richmond * a kick in the tooth -- -- he summon all he control , go into even more complicated movement . * the crowd of elegant man and woman , it 's really wonderful dance they be see -- they start to applaud . Richmond and Russell , hearing the sound . Richmond acknowledge it with a smile as they come to climax . richmond well , now -- ( a final flourish ) -- I need time to think -- come see I in my office in the morning -- ( beat ) this will certainly make for a interesting chapter in my memoir . and as they bow ... the crowd applaud louder , while on the dance floor , the President of the United States and the Chief of staff applaud happily back . as the sound build -- 283 ext . burton be house - roof - night 283 luther in the night . silence . he be move across the rooftop of a home . he carry a briefcase -- luther 's make business call . ahead be a attic window -- as he slide it open -- 103 . 284 int . burton be house - attic - night 284 luther , slip inside . some stair be just across . he go down they , open the door -- 285 int . burton be house - hallway - night 285 luther step into the main part of the dark house . he stop . no noise at all except that of someone breathing deeply , come from a open bedroom door . luther pass by -- for a instant we can see that burton be asleep , a empty bottle by he head . 286 int . collin be house - night 286 luther round a corner -- -- and we can tell immediately he 's in a different house now . burton 's have only old furnishings , this be modern and new . luther pause , listen . nothing . he move forward then , turn another corner -- 287 int . russell's apartment - night 287 -- and now we can tell he 's someplace else -- this be a apartment with a large window look out on the city . luther do not stop to admire the view . he move silently on ... hold on the window . and suddenly : Dawn -- the sun be start to rise . pull back to reveal -- 288 int . russell's apartment - bedroom - dawn 288 gloria Russell , as the alarm goe off . she sit -- -- she stretch -- -- then she stare -- something have be tape to she lamp . we be look at a issue of the Washington Post -- Russell 's photo smile out -- there be a headline that say simply : russell to be chief of staff . written across she picture be the word : " this shitstorm be you fault -- if we go down , you go down ! " Russell take the paper down , stare at it . furious . 104 . 289 int . burton be house - kitchen - morning 289 burton , hang over , staggering into the kitchen of he home , stop dead . a newspaper be set beside he coffee pot . a front page of the Washington Post . year back . the lead article report that a siege have be successfully break -- -- burton , bloody and wounded , be be carry to a ambulance . a hero . across the top this word have be write : how did this happen , you gutless fuck ? burton stare . steam . 290 int . collin be house - bathroom - morning 290 collin , yawn , go into he bathroom -- -- across he mirror be tape a large white piece of paper , across which be write in thick black marker -- " if you could shoot for shit , we would be out of this . " collin angrily rip it down . 291 ext . downtown newsstand - morning 291 a bunch of commuter and businessman be buy papers . the newspaper . Washington , New York , Philadelphia -- and they be all different front page , of course , but one photo in all of they be the same -- -- every one of they be run the mug shot of luther . and the sense of the storey be the same too : have you see this man ? CUT to : 292 commuter 292 crowded around , make they purchase . some of they be young , some of they be half asleep . one of they be in he 60' and very wide awake -- -- it 's luther -- -- as he busy a paper , look at the headline -- fascinate . 105 . 292a int . burton' office 292a still early morning -- collin be go through burton 's desk hurriedly -- -- when burton surprise he -- burton ( piss ) what be you do ? collin ( close the desk , shrug ) need a pen . burton ( point to he desktop ) there 's pen -- ( move in ) -- you do not trust I ? -- collin ( piss ) -- I do not answer to you , asshole -- Russell in the doorway now , glaring at they . russell you be both asshole , now move -- and on that -- 293 int . oval office - day 293 the note that be send to Russell and the Polaroid of the letter opener . pull back to reveal -- the Polaroid and the note be on Richmond 's desk . he study they . Russell , burton and collin stand silently watch he , they hatred of each other clear . the smell of death 's in the room . richmond ( hold the note now , he voice be , when he speak , calm ; to burton ) any idea who could have forge it ? ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 106 . 293 continued : 293 burton I talk to Seth Frank -- apparently whitney learn how in prison . richmond very gift man . the window as he walk to it , look out . richmond and be we close to stop he ? russell we be work round the clock . richmond good to know that . burton he will make a mistake . richmond good to know that too . closeup - richmond * with more meaning than the word convey -- richmond there be one other thing you will want to take care of . the other three , look at Richmond . burton you be sure you want to do that ? richmond ( nod ) she 's a young prosecutor , prosecutor ask question -- she might know what he know ... ( a reassure smile ) let 's get crack , shall we ? ( beat ) show you love you country . on that word -- 107 . 294 int . kate apartment build hallway - day 294 kate whitney , get into the elevator . off to work . she push for the lobby . the door close and the elevator start down . 295 int . elevator - day 295 kate check she purse to see if she have everything . 296 insert - elevator button 296 the " L " be light -- -- but when the elevator get there , it do not stop but go straight on down to the basement . 297 int . elevator - kate - day 297 that 's strange . she instinctively move to the rear of the car . odd sound from the basement . kate 's just the least bit tense . 298 int . elevator in basement - day 298 the odd sound be louder . and the door do not open when they should . 299 int . elevator - kate - day 299 and now she 's start to get a little scared . 300 int . basement - elevator door - day 300 the door slide open and the Super stand there with tool . super ( smile ) sorry , miss whitney , but this thing 's give we a little trouble . kate nod , smile back , relieved . ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 108. 301 ext . kate apartment build - day 301 kate , leave she building , go toward she car , get in . down the block be a police car . two surveillance cop inside . kate start to drive -- and so do they . kate turn a corner -- -- and so do they -- -- and as they do , they pass luther , park on the corner . watch . satisfied , he drive off in another direction . 302 ext . outer CITY road ( WASHINGTON ) - day 302 luther , head out of the city . the sun be higher in the sky . 303 ext . country road - day 303 several car . traffic be move slowly . luther continue to drive . 304 ext . kate office build - day 304 kate , come out of she office building , hurry along the sidewalk . lunch hour . * she go past some brownstone -- the two cop walk * behind -- -- the window of one of the brownstone be open , shadowy movement from inside -- -- kate hurry past , not pay attention ... cop do not either . 305 ext . brownstone - day 305 now a figure begin to appear in the window -- the figure hold something long and thin , like a rifle barrel -- -- it 's a large woman with a long mop -- as she shake it -- afternoon and the sun be strong . 109 . 306 ext . sullivan master bedroom - day 306 sunlight , stream in a open bedroom window . whose bedroom , though ? two maid be clean it -- -- and now we realize where we be : walter Sullivan 's bedroom , but it 's all be change , different rug , different fabric , different furnishings . the maid work silently and well . a final sweep of a dust rag here , a last tug at the bedspread there . done . they go to the door , take a last look around . perfect . they go . hold on the empty room . keep holding . now , silently , the vault door open -- a gardener step out , clicker in hand . the gardener -- it 's luther -- he click it , toss it back inside -- -- the door start to close -- -- but before it shut , we can see he 's return what he take the night of the robbery . and as he move silently toward the door . 307 ext . gas station ( WASHINGTON CITY limit ) - day 307 the outskirt of Washington . mid-afternoon now . luther 's at a pay phone . 308 int . seth's office - day 308 Seth , as he pick up the phone -- luther ( v.o. ) kate okay ? seth where be you ? 110 . 309 ext . pay phone - day 309 luther . fast . luther I be not stay on long enough for you to track this , just answer I . 310 int . seth's office - day 310 seth she could not be in better hand -- talk about catch a break , secret service call I . they be take over surveillance -- 311 ext . pay phone - day 311 the telephone swinging back and forth -- -- and in the b.g. , a car motor roaring away . 312 int . kate apartment build - elevator - day 312 kate , come down the elevator again -- in she jogging clothes now . she have push the lobby button . the elevator stop suddenly on the second floor -- -- the Super get in , smile . super get it work fine , miss whitney . kate nod , smile back -- 312a ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day 312a luther , drive like crazy through the city . 312b ext . kate apartment build - day 312b kate , get into she car in front of she building , drive off -- no one be behind she . 312c ext . WASHINGTON - another STREET - day 312c luther , honking he horn as he barrel around a corner , scatter traffic . ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 111. 312d ext . jogging park entrance - day 312d * kate drive into the park past a sign read : * " parking lot . " * 312e ext . road near jogging park - day 312e luther , gun along -- up ahead the park be visible now . 312f ext . jogging park - parking lot - entrance road - day 312f kate , follow a arrow that lead to the parking lot . luther , in the park , now , suddenly shouting " shit " as we -- 312g ext . jogging park - parking lot - day 312g a " detour " sign . kate , enter the parking lot . 312h ext . jogging park - parking lot area - day 312h luther , out of he car now , run like crazy through the park . ahead be a sign say : " jogging path . " 313 ext . jogging park - parking area - day 313 not many other car so she get a space in front , overlook the river , and as she stop , take out she key -- 314 burton and collin 314 collin at the wheel , roaring in behind she , rear-end she hard . -- there be a screech of brake and a scream -- 314a ext . jogging park - trail - day 314a luther as he hear the terrible sound , keep run . 315 ext . parking lot - int . kate car - day 315 kate in she car as it teeter at the edge and then start its long fall to the jogging path far below . ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 112. 316 ext . jogging park - parking area - day 316 burton and collin in they car , drive like hell away . 316a ext . jogging park - trail - day 316a luther , run into view , stop dead , helpless now , stare at the worst thing in the world -- 317 omitted 317 318 ext . jogging park cliff - day 318 * kate 's car , careen against a rocky ledge , then cart wheeling the rest of the way down , landing horribly , spin , finally come to rest upside down and -- CUT to : 319 ext . bottom of cliff - day 319 * luther run to the car ; hand shaking , he manage to * pull front door open and reach inside -- -- now there be cry as other jogger stop and stare and -- kate , as luther pull she body out of the wreckage . luther ( terrify ) ... kate ...? -- no response -- it 's impossible to tell if she 's alive -- -- in the distance now , the sound of a ambulance . 320 ext . WASHINGTON hospital emergency entrance - evening 320 the ambulance , siren scream . pull back to reveal -- early evening now , get dark , and the ambulance brake in front of the emergency room of a large city hospital -- -- as doctor and attendant with gurney come pour out -- 113 . 321 int . WASHINGTON hospital - kate room - night 321 a private room . later . kate be bandage and attach to a bunch of equipment -- -- but however faintly she breathe , it 's still breathe and it 's steady . she 's alone for the moment in the semi-darkened room . 322 int . hospital corridor - night 322 empty . a doctor come walk along -- it 's collin . 323 int . hospital - kate room - night 323 kate in she room , sleep . another doctor be with she now , check she chart . 324 int . hospital corridor - night 324 collin . he see what 's go on , stop , pull out a small notebook , pretend to read it , all the while glance toward kate 's room with the one doctor still there -- -- now from around the corner , noise , coming closer -- several people approaching , perhaps more . collin turn away from the sound , curse , then stop -- -- the doctor be do with kate 's chart . from around the corner now , the group come closer still . kate 's doorway as the doctor exit and collin enter -- they pass each other -- 325 int . hospital - kate room - night 325 -- collin move a step further into the room -- -- and now there be something in he hand -- -- a hypodermic needle . kate . out of it . lying there , eye close . collin , the needle ready , move silently toward the bed . kate be barely breathe . ( continued ) 114 . 325 continued : 325 and now suddenly collin be barely breathe -- -- because the other doctor 's arm have vice around collin 's neck , force the air out of he . collin , stunne , try to struggle -- the doctor jerk collin 's body into the air -- he foot be dangle now -- the hypodermic needle drop to the bed as the struggle go on -- -- and collin 's in fabulous shape . he 's young and power - ful and he 's be in terrible situation before and he know how to fight and he 's be teach to defend himself and -- -- tough shit -- -- the doctor -- it 's luther -- relentlessly increase the pressure against collin 's throat -- -- collin can not even gasp now -- -- he foot can not kick anymore -- -- he body start to go limp -- -- he eye start to slide up into he head -- -- silence in the room -- -- it 's almost over -- -- which be when suddenly luther let go . collin , eye flicker open as luther lay he down on the floor . all this next be whisper . luther scream . go on . which do you want most , for I to kill you or life in jail forever ? he have go across the room to the bed . collin try to move , can not . the hypodermic needle as luther pick it up carefully , start back to collin . luther go to guess this be not to pep she up . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 115 . 325 continued : ( 2 ) 325 collin ( stare , eye wide ) ... you be not go to kill I ... luther ... why do you think that ...? collin ... you could have but you do not ... luther . kneel by collin now . luther that 's because you do not know you crime , prick . -- and now he jam the needle against collin 's neck . * collin try to cry out , but luther cover he mouth . luther ( kneel close , almost whisper into collin 's ear ) I do not mind you try to shoot I at the restaurant -- I would not have minded if you would nail I at Sullivan 's -- part of the job -- ( beat ) -- but you fuck with blood . collin . terrify . * collin ... mercy ... luther , bend over he . luther push the plunger . * luther I be fresh out . collin die now . his breathe be get strange , he * body start to stiffen . and on that -- * kate ( o.s. ) ... daddy ...? kate , eye barely open . from she position luther be simply kneel , nothing else be visible ... luther ... go to sleep , honey ... ( continued ) 116 . 325 continued : ( 3 ) 325 she try to stay awake , can not make it , drift off . kate . she close she eye . collin . luther close he eye for he . now -- 326 int . hospital hallway - night 326 a gurney with a figure on it be push by a doctor . 327 ext . hospital - night 327 a dumpster outside -- -- the gurney be there -- -- the figure be not -- -- the sound of a car gunning into the night and we -- 328 int . seth's bathroom - night 328 Seth come out of the shower . he put a towel around he , wipe the steam off the mirror , cry out -- -- luther be stand there . luther I need one answer -- when you interview walter Sullivan , do he say why christy do not go to Barbados ? seth ( shake he head ) just that she change she mind . ( study luther ) you know who do it , do not you ? luther so will you -- check you phone -- seth ( incredulous ) -- who would tap a police officer ? no reply -- luther 's already head for the door as we -- ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 117 . 329 ext . georgetown mansion - night 329 walter Sullivan , get into he limousine in front of a georgetown mansion . later in the evening . the car start to move . walter look frail and very old now . and somehow smaller . 330 ext . georgetown / int . limo - night 330 walter huddle in the back seat , as the street light illuminate he . he might even be ill . in any case , a sad figure . 331 ext . georgetown - night 331 the limousine , turn a corner . 332 int . limo - night 332 walter . blink . walter sullivan be this a shortcut , Tommy ? * chauffeur ( turn ; it 's luther ) I be you replacement driver for the evening , sir . do not worry , Tommy 's fine . * walter sullivan very unusual -- what do I call you ? luther luther , sir . walter sullivan and be you familiar with how to get to my home , luther ? luther I know the way , sir -- I be the man who rob you -- Sullivan say nothing ; stare unsmile . luther -- and you be the man who try to have I kill -- ( continued ) 118 . 332 continued : 332 walter sullivan -- I be sorry I miss -- I believe in the Old Testament , sir -- there be nothing wrong with a eye for a eye when a terrible deed have be do . ( ice ) a deed such as yours . luther you want to believe that , do not you ? -- make you life a lot simpler if you believe that , be not that right ? ( big now ) what do you think I gain be here ? Sullivan . contempt . walter sullivan have no idea -- you go to rob I again ? -- luther I do not need you money , Mr. Sullivan . look in you vault lately ? walter sullivan ( he have ) I be afraid we be a little late for a attempt at leniency . 333 ext . georgetown - STREET - night 333 the car . a scream turn . 334 int . limo - night 334 luther shit 's come down tonight , Mr. Sullivan , do you want to be a player or not ? ( bigger ) do you want to know what happen , or not ? I see . you call . walter sullivan ( beat ) I want to know . ( continued ) 119 . 334 continued : 334 luther be you up to hearing about it ? -- do you want to hear how he beat the shit out of she and try to strangle she -- you have enough leave for that ? -- walter sullivan ( a nod ) -- I could walk through fire -- luther , fast now . luther I be in the chair when they come in . ( as Sullivan say nothing ) they be drunk -- at first he only want to bruise she -- she fight back , he go for the kill -- she turn the table . then he scream for help . pause . walter sullivan who else be in my house ? luther secret service shot she . walter sullivan ( do not like it ) nonsense . luther gloria Russell handle the cover up . walter sullivan stop this -- luther -- do not you want to know who the man be ? walter sullivan ( desperate ) it be you . luther we be too old to bullshit each other , Mr. Sullivan . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 120. 334 continued : ( 2 ) 334 walter sullivan ( big ) who be it then ? luther ( bigger ) you know ! Sullivan , shaking he head as luther roar on . luther you fuck well do , do not shake you head at I -- when you be alone at night , when the rage take you and you think of what you would do to revenge she , on that night you put a face to you enemy . walter sullivan ( come apart ) stop the car -- luther -- we be go all the way , walter -- walter sullivan -- it 's too terrible . luther it sure be . walter Sullivan . a long , shaky moment , then -- walter sullivan ... I know about Alan 's reputation as a philanderer ... but ... he would never dream of betray I ... I give he the presidency . luther and walter as luther turn a sharp corner and the wheel scream -- luther ( press it ) the press conference -- remember ? -- he hold you in he arm and say if only christy have not get sick she would have be with you * in Barbados -- * ( more ) ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 121. 334 continued : ( 3 ) 334 luther ( cont 'd ) ( bigger ) -- how do you think he know she be sick ? you do not tell anybody . but he hear it , all right . he hear it from she . that night . and I hear every word -- walter . for a moment , no reaction . then he sit back hard . the air 's out of he . he just breathes quietly . then -- walter sullivan that 's not real proof . luther . handing something back . luther and this ? Sullivan take it -- -- it 's the letter opener . Sullivan lean back , shut he eye . walter sullivan you could have steal this . luther I do steal it . but that be not my blood and that be not my print . closeup on sullivan * eye still shut -- -- and he 's very old and you expect tear -- -- but he do not get to be walter Sullivan by cry -- -- hold on walter -- -- and this incredible shriek of rage explode ! -- luther , suddenly stop the car -- 335 ext . white house gate - night 335 -- and we be at the rear of the White House . * 122 . 336 int . limo - night 336 walter . he sit in the back a moment . then he get out . 337 ext . white house gate / ext . limo - night 337 luther have get out too . they stand close to each other . they nod . then walter start away . walter sullivan ( turn -- quiet now , at peace ) I do love she , you know . and he walk away . a White House security guard as walter approach . walter sullivan be he work late ? I have not a appointment but I would like to see he if I might . guard you do not need a appointment , Mr. Sullivan . and as he wave he through -- luther , stand there , watch the old man . walter , a final turn back , a nod of the head . luther . he nod back , return to the car , get in -- -- and now we begin a blizzard of cut . 338 ext . WASHINGTON STREET / int . limo - night 338 luther drive through the night . 339 ext . / int . NORTH portico entrance - night 339 walter enter the White House proper . 340 int . white house - burton' office - night 340 Seth , with a bunch of other officer , stand in front of a office with the name " bill burton " on a plaque -- he open the door -- ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 123. 340 continued : 340 -- burton have blow he brain out . a note alongside read : " I be so sorry . " alongside the note be a micro - cassette recorder and a dozen tape . 341 ext . WASHINGTON STREET / int . limo - night 341 luther . driving faster . 342 int . white house hallway - security area - night 342 walter Sullivan approach a metal detector -- he start to go through -- -- it goe off -- walter 's embarrassed . he hold up he wrist , show he watch . the security guard smile , wave he to go ahead . walter continue on . 343 int . limo - night 343 luther , tense , roaring along . 344 int . russell be - night 344 * gloria Russell -- Seth be with she -- he cuff she , lead * she out -- 345 int . area outside oval office - night 345 walter , by the door of the oval Office . the letter opener be tight in he hand now . the door open . Richmond , arm out , come to embrace he , as he embrace he at the Press Conference . 346 ext . hospital parking lot - night 346 luther pull up into the parking lot of the hospital , get out , pass the parking lot attendant who be listen transfix to a small radio . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 124. 346 continued : 346 radio announcer # 1 ( v.o . ) * ... in the great shock to the nation since the Kennedy assassination , President Alan Richmond 's death have rock ... luther have move past now ; we can not hear the radio anymore . 346a int . hospital reception area - night 346a luther enter . a number of people be present , all of they listen to a large radio , on the desk of the information clerk . radio announcer # 2 ( v.o . ) * ... Richmond die violently in the oval Office and walter Sullivan ... luther have move past now ; we can not hear the radio anymore . 347 int . kate hospital room - night 347 she doze . luther sit alongside in a chair . outside , the moon be high in the sky . kate blink , half open she eye , see luther . kate ... you be still here ...? luther have not budge . she doze again . 347a int . hospital lounge - night 347a a coffee machine in a lounge . empty . but a television set be playing softly . luther enter , get some coffee . the tv be showing the PRESS conference Richmond hold . as we watch , walter Sullivan move down toward the President and they embrace . ( continued ) 125 . 347a continued : 347a now the Press Conference be over and we be live at the front of the North portico of the white house . a ton of reporter -- -- and walter Sullivan , in they midst , beckone for quiet . reporter # 1 ( v.o. ) mister Sullivan , have you no idea why the President take he own life ? luther stop make coffee , look at the screen . walter sullivan ( v.o. ) ( voice soft ) I know he 's be feel the pressure of office more than ever lately . we have talk about it a great deal . reporter # 2 ( v.o. ) but why would he stab himself ? walter sullivan ( v.o. ) ( sadly ) that 's a question that will haunt I forever . of course I try to stop he -- ( beat ) -- Alan be like a son to I ... luther smile , take he coffee , leave the room as we -- CUT to : 347b int . kate hospital room - night 347b kate sleep . Seth stand there now . luther enter with he coffee . Seth see he and they both move to the door and confer silently -- -- Seth indicate kate . luther cross he finger . Seth say something we can not make out . luther nod . Seth glance a final time at kate , then leave they . luther move to kate , study she face . ( continued ) ) B ( absolute power - Rev. 5/16/96 126. 347b continued : 347b kate ( eye still close ) ... be that Seth ...? luther he be just check in . when you be up to it , he say we might come over for dinner . he * mention -- * kate ( eye half open ) I know , he life alone -- * luther ( smile ) watch it now . he arrange she sheet . kate ... you do not have to fuss ... luther you be forever catch cold . she nod , drift and we -- CUT to : 348 moon 348 start to fall out of the sky now . 349 luther 349 stand by the window , look out . soon , dawn . he stretch , cross to she . kate ... be I go to be all right ?.... luther ( long pause ) we will be fine . kate nod , drift . luther watch she . then he go to he chair -- ( continued ) 127 . 349 continued : 349 -- reach down -- -- pull out he sketchbook . he turn the page . drawing of kate . he turn to a new page . start draw she again . he 's really get good . hold on luther and kate . final fade out . the end