Ace ventura : Pet detective script by Jack bernstein , Tom shadyac , Jim carrey < !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> ace ventura pet detective written by Jack bernstein Tom shadyac Jim carrey ext . STREET - day a ups man with a big pot belly be walk down the street , whistling and carelessly toss a package in the air . we hear the sound of break glass in the box . he pass a professional woman . ups man good morning , ups ! he toss the box behind he back like a basketball , then acknowledge another passerby . ups man ups , good to see you ! he take a couple of step , then fling the package incredibly high into the air , spin completely around and expertly drop to one knee and catch the box . a Hispanic man pass . ups man Buenos dias . uo pay essay . ext . apartment build - day the ups man dodge a couple of black kid as though play basketball . he run up the front step of the building . he reach out to open the front door and inadvertently fling the package behind he and back down the step . he go back , retrieve the package , then enter the building . int . lobby - day several people stand in the elevator . the ups man just make it , but the door close on the package ... repeatedly . he feign embarrassment . int . 3rd floor - day elevator door OPEN . the ups man throw the package out onto the floor and start kick it down the hall like a soccer player . with one last big kick the parcel land in front of apartment 3b . he pick it up and knock on the door . we hear a small dog bark . gruff man ( o.s. ) shut the hell up , you stupid mutt ! a angry , burly man poke he nose hair out the chain door . gruff man what do you want ? ups man ups , sir . and how be you this afternoon ? alrighty then ! the man grumpily unchain the door . he 's a big guy - 6'5 " , 250 , and 50 of that be chest hair . a small shiatsu stand beside he . ups man I have a package for you . the ups guy thrust the package toward the man . we can clearly hear break glass inside . the man take the package . gruff man it sound break . ups man most likely sir ! I bet it be something nice though ! now ... I haver a insurance form . if you will just sign here , here , and here , and initial here , and print you name here , we will get the rest of the form out to you as soon as we can . the man begrudgingly begin to fill out the form . the dog wag he tail and whine . we can see that he like the ups guy . ups man that 's a lovely dog you have . do you mind if I pet he , sir ? gruff man ( mumble ) I do not give a rat 's ass . the ups man bend down and talk to the dog in a really sucky pet talk . ups man oo ja boo ba da boo boo do booo ! gruff man ( under breath ) brother . before the gruff man can finish , the ups man stand back up and take the form again . ups man that 's fine sir . I can fill out the rest . you just have yourself a good day . take care , now ! ' bye 'bye , then ! thrash music start int . hallway -- cont 'd the ups man move swiftly down the hall and into the stair well . int . apartment 3b - cont 'd the gruff man shake the box , toss it down and sit in front of the tv . ext . apartment build - cont 'd the ups man burst from the front door and hustle down the street very quickly . he pass several people . ups man ( quickly ) ups , s'cuse I . ups , comin ' through . int . apartment 3b - cont 'd we see the back of the shiatsu stare at the crack in the front door . he have not move a inch . the gruff man look over . gruff man hey , stupid ! get away from the door ! the dog do not budge and this really piss he off . he get up and head for the dog . gruff man what 's the matter with you , I say git !!! he roughly pick the dog up by the scruff of the neck , but as he turn it around we see that it be a stuff dog . around it 's neck be a business card that read , " you have be have by Ace ventura - Pet detective . " he breathes fire . gruff man Son of a bitch ! he smashes the dog to the ground . ext . alley - cont 'd as the ups man / Ace round the corner , he shirt open up at he pot belly and the shiatsu 's head stick out . Ace be gloat . ace ( announcer 's voice ) that be a close one , lady and gentleman . unfortunately , in every contest , there must be ... a looser ! he jump into a old beat - up chevy bel Air , and let the dog out onto the passenger seat . ace ( cont 'd ) looohoooserrrherrr ! he then pull open the car 's ashtray , and to the dog 's delight , it 's fill with puppy chow . he try to start the engine but it will not turn over . the dog shoot he a look . ace ( to dog ) no problem , it get flood . we will just wait a few second . Ace sit back . smash !!! from Ace 's Pov we see a Baseball bat shatter the front windshield . ace or , we could try it now . Ace frantically try to start the car . his new friend continue around the car beat the live shit out of it . ace oooh , boy . ace' Pov we see the creep wail on the car in Ace 's side view mirror . ace warning ! asshole be closer than they appear ! the dog be bark insanely . ace ( to dog ) you think you can do better ?! the baseball bat be now pummel the trunk . ace wanna give I a push while you be back there ? boom ! the back window shatter . then the car 's engine roar to life . Ace rejoice . ace farfegnugennnnn !!! Ace leave the bad guy in a cloud of dust and gravel , scream bloody murder . ext . miami CITY street - day Ace and he new pal speed away freely . Close on the happy dog , hang he head out the car window . pan across the break windshield to Ace , also hang he head out the window to see where he 's go . the car drive by a sign on a telephone pole : " reward " -- with a picture of the shiatsu in Ace 's seat . thrash music end int . house - day a very sexy woman be hugging and kissing the shiatsu . woman my little baby . you miss mommy do not you ? do daddy hurt you ? I will not let he , no I will not . he may have keep the big screen tv , but he 's not gonna keep my baby . no he be not . ( very sexy to Ace ) thank you , Mr. ventura . how can I ever repay you ? she slink over to Ace and put she arm around he neck . ace well , the reward would be good , and there be some damage to my '' she cut Ace off with a devastating kiss . woman would you like I to take you pants off instead ? ace ummmm sure . she pull he toward the bedroom . woman it take a big man to stand up to my husband . he 's already put two of my lover in the hospital . ace how do he find out ? do he have you follow . woman no I tell he she plant a kiss on Ace 's neck and pull he down out of frame onto the bed . ext . dolphin stadium playing field - day the stand be empty , but there 's plenty happen on the field . the Miami dolphin be practice . Dan Marino be in top form , hit pass after pass . behind one of the goal post , the team 's mascot , a rare dolphin ( snowflake ) , wear # 4 , be practice he routine . the trainer be dress like a quarterback . trainer Blue ! 42 ! Blue ! 42 ! Hut ! Hut ! snowflake swim over , snatch a small football out of the trainer 's hand , and do a end zone dance on he tail . he then return the ball to the trainer . the trainer now set the ball on the dolphin 's tail and snowflake " kick " a perfect field goal . the trainer blow a whistle and raise both arm . dissolve to : ext . dolphin stadium playing field - night the stadium be now completely empty . snowflake peacefully swim around he tank . suddenly , the water be illuminate by the headlight of a n.d. panel truck . the rear door slide open . two man jump out in wet suit . they slip into the water while a third wait outside the tank . snowflake surface to check out the action . one of the man hold out a fish . snowflake eagerly take it , then shudder as a large syringe be stick into he back . snowflake thrashes around . Quick cut of a hand with the blur of a ring slamm against the tank . but the needle have do its job . snowflake quickly go limp . snowflake be load into the back of the truck . move in on snowflake 's face . his excited cackle have turn into a painful whimper . the truck skid away pass the guard gate . the guard be hog tie and gag , struggle to free himself . int . adelle' friendly pet shop - next day Close up on a dead goldfish lay on a newspaper . we pull back to reveal adelle rosenberg , the seventy year old owner of a cluttere pet shop . she 's hand a live goldfish in a bag to jennifer , a very sweet nine year old . adelle here you go , honey . now remember this kind of fish do not like it in the freezer . jenny but what 's gonna happen to dolly ? adelle do not worry , I will make sure she get a proper burial . Jennifer exit . adelle call to she cat , and toss it the goldfish . the cat catch it in mid-air . adelle Rest in peace . Ace enter the pet shop . it look like he sleep in he clothes . adelle well here come another dead fish . ace hi , beautiful . what time do you get off ? adelle uh oh . ace ( suggestively ) I have hear some pretty great thing about you kibble . adelle well , I hope I be not get a reputation . ace ( switch to mock anger ) just get I the food ! she chuckle at Ace as she load a couple of bag with different kind of pet food . adelle so ahh , when can I expect you to pay you tab ? ace I be a little bit sli pickin , right now , I be a little tight squeeze Louise , a little Welfare wolly , potless piss Pete , I be ah '' adelle if you be a horse I would shoot ya ' . just take it . ace gravy ! I be good for it , adelle . I be on a very big case right now . Ace reach into he coat pocket and pull out a flyer with a picture of a white pigeon . ace see this pigeon ? it 's a true albino . some rich guy lose it . he 's offer a ten thousand dollar reward . adelle wow , albino pigeon be very rare . how be you go to find he ? ace just keep my eye open , and hope to god it do not snow . Ace grab he bag and head for the door . adelle you be a good boy , Ace . a good boy . he hold the door open for a elderly gentleman who be enter at the same time . the gentleman be walk a toy poodle on a leash . the poodle be drag its butt along the entire length of the floor . Ace and adelle just stare . elderly man ( in a loud voice ) do you have anything for ringworm ? ext . surfside apartment complex - day Ace enter the courtyard of a two story U -shape apartment complex carry he grocery . it 's a crappy joint but he call it home . Inside a open apartment on the ground floor , the landlord , mr . shickadance , sit watch tv , stuff he face with cheese doodle . Ace sneak past the door and up the stair . ext . second floor - day Ace be just put the key in the door when the landlord step up behind he . Ace be startle by the dread ' shickadance rasp ' ( not unlike Linda Blair in the exorcist ) . landlord venturaaaaa ? Ace straighten up , but do not turn around . ace yes , Satan ? now Ace turn around in mock surprise . ace oh , I be sorry , sir . you sound like someone else . landlord never mind the wise crack venturaaa . you owe I rent ! ace Mr. shickadance I tell you , you be my first priority ! as soon as I find the white pigeon , you be pay !! landlord I hear animal in there ventura ! I hear them again this morning , scratchin ' around . ace I never bring my work home with I , sir . the landlord notice the bag of kibble . landlord oh , yeah ? what 's all this pet food for ? ace ( beat ) fiber . the landlord be not buy it . ace you wanna take a look for yourself ? go head . Ace rattles he key in the door . then he swing it open and turn on the light . the house be clear . Ace walk in as the landlord stand there snooping and sniff the air . ace well be you satisfied ? landlord ( still suspicious ) yeah , but do not ever let I catch you with a animal in there , that 's all ! ace okay then . take care now . ' bye 'bye . the landlord walk away as Ace close the door . ace ( quietly to himself ) llooser . he then turn to the room and give a distinct whistle . chaos ensues ! animal jump out from every direction . lizard crawl out of drawer , bird fly through the air , all of they gravitate to Ace . ace ( to he flock ) ooshhooboobooboodoodoo! int . miami dolphin headquarters - later that day the very impose office of bobby riddle , owner of the Miami dolphin . riddle , 70 , be a take charge , do not take crap from anyone type of guy . he be yell at roger podacter , a ex-linebacker in he early sixty , and melissa robinson , podacter 's attractive assistant . riddle I just want to know one thing ; how the hell do you lose a 500 pound fish ?! Melissa 's about to speak but hesitates . riddle ( cont . ) what ? melissa it 's not a fish , sir . it 's a mammal . a angry riddle stand up . riddle oh , thank you very much , Mrs. jacque cousteau ! podacter Bob , she do not mean anything by it . riddle calm down a little , and sit . riddle ( calmer ) listen , personally , I do not give a good god damn about a fish . he look at Melissa . she do not dare say anything . riddle ( cont . ) all I care about be win this Super bowl ! I want the player ' head in the right place . shit , Roger , you have be in this game long enough , you know how superstitious player be . we quarterback 's be put he sock on backwards since high school . and I get a lineman who have not wash he jock in two year because he think fly be lucky ! I want that god damn fish on the field Super bowl Sunday ! find the fish , or find new job ! int . hallway - continuous action a upset podacter and Melissa walk through the hallway . podacter why do it have to happen now ? I get three stinking year leave till retirement . melissa I have get forty . podacter I will tell you who do it . it be that goddamn animal rights nut ! always out there with they goddamn sign , animal be born free , stop torturing snowflake ! that goddamn fish life better than they do ! they stop outside Melissa 's office by she secretary 's desk . melissa the police be check into the animal rights people . ( to secretary ) martha , have the police call back about the dolphin yet ? martha no , but I want to tell you , when I lose my cuddle , I hire a pet detective . podacter a what ? martha a pet detective . melissa thanks martha , but we would better leave this to professional . martha well actually , he be quite good . Pet detection be a very involved , highly scientific process . CUT to : ext . roof of house - same time close on ace - cooing like a pigeon . wide to reveal , Ace precariously perch on the roof of a two story building . he be four foot away from " the " pigeon . ater a beat , he make a mad , spastic , yet scientific , lunge for the bird . ace aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh !!!!!!! the bird make a clean getaway . unable to stop he momentum , Ace fly past the edge of the building and slide down the side of the roof . ext . ground - continuous action bam !!! Ace crash to the ground . as he lie face down , in a heap of trash , he beeper go off . ext . dolphin headquarters / bobby riddle stadium - day parking lot . Ace 's clunker drive by some real nice car . employee stare at he . int . security check point - day a stern guard be admit people into the stadium . he scan each one with a security detection wand . man # 1 Art wheeler . sport supplies . the guard scan he . he go . man # 2 Tom Anderson . concession . the guard scan he . he go . ace Ace ventura . Pet detective . the guard stare at Ace , accusingly . int . melissa' office - day martha enter . martha ah Mr. ventura to see you . melissa okay , send he in . martha exit , Ace enter . melissa ( cont 'd ) hi , I be Melissa Robinson . do you have any trouble get in ? ace no , the guy with the rubber glove be surprisingly gentle . melissa ( apologetically ) Super bowl week . Security 's tight . Mr. ventura , I will get right to the point she slip a tape in the vcr and gesture for Ace to sit . melissa we mascot be steal from he tank last night . be you familiar with snowflake ? the tape show snowflake do a trick . the trainer , dress like a quarterback , shout out signal . trainer ( on tape ) Blue ! 42 ! Blue ! 42 ! Hut ! Hut ! snowflake swim over , snatch the small football out of the trainer 's hand , swim the length of the pool , do a end zone dance on he tail , then return the ball to the trainer . melissa ( o.s. ) we get snowflake from the Miami seaquarium . he 's a rare bottle nose dolphin . that 's the new trick he be go to do during the half - time show . while Ace study the tape , he chew sunflower seed in a bird - like fashion , place the shell in a neat little pile on she desk . melissa would you like a ashtray ? ace no , I do not smoke . he add more shell to the pile . Melissa be already wonder if she have make a mistake . melissa to be honest , Mr. ventura . I be pretty skeptical . before today , I do not even know there be such a thing as a pet detective . ace well , now that you do , you will know who to call if you schnauser ever run away . melissa how do you know I have a schnauser ? Ace pull a , invisible - to - the-nake - eye dog hair off here blouse and present it to she . ace he 's young , about five pound , black coat , white speckles ( sniff the hair ) like to chase car . melissa very impressive . ace you should see what I can do with a good stool sample . melissa I can hardly wait . look , we have get a problem . can you help I or not ? ace ( coy ) well , sea faring creature be not really my expertise melissa we will give you three thousand dollar on delivery . Ace immediately become the narrator of a nature show . ace the dolphin be a social creature . capable of complex communication . travel in large group or school ext . playing field - a short time later the dolphin player practice . a crowd of reporter interview Marino . marino we just choke in 82 . we have a chance to win it and we do not . nobody 's gonna choke this time , and if they do , I will kill them . Ace and Melissa head for snowflake 's tank . melissa the police be here this morning . apparently , the kidnapper use the back gate . Ace bend down to look at some tire track on the field . melissa ( cont 'd ) they say some kind of a '' ace four wheel drive van load from the rear . Ace sniff the turf . podacter enter nervously . melissa oh , hi , Roger . how be you hold up ? podacter well if it look like I be walk funny it 's because I have a bunch on reporter up my ass . they have be ask I about snowflake all day . who 's this ? melissa Roger podacter , meet Ace ventura . Ace be we pet detective . podacter shake he hand . podacter Nice to meet you . martha metz recommend you very highly . ace martha metz ? martha metz . oh yeah , the bitch . podacter what ? ace pekinese . hyperactive . lose in highland Park area . she be half dead when I find she . be that the tank ? they both follow Ace as he make a b-line . ext . snowflake's tank - moment later the tank be empty . ace cop drain it ? melissa yes . this morning . Ace hop on the ladder . ace if I be not back in five minute call Lloyd bridge . int . dolphin tank - moment later while eat sunflower seed , Ace meticulously examine the tank , include the scratch where the hand bang up against the wall when snowflake be steal . all the while , he be sing a bastardize version of the theme from , " flipper . " ace wonderful flipper glorious flipper magnificent flipper the flippiest flipper podacter and Melissa , watch from the rim , look at each other like , " what have we get ourselves into ? " podacter spot something . podacter oh , great . a hoard or reporter be head they way . podacter ( cont ) I will try to head they off . melissa ( to Ace ) get out of the tank . ace ( still sing ) can not hear you flipper , flipper lookin ' for flipper , gotta find flipper melissa I say , get out of the tank ! now ! the reporter draw closer . podacter head they off . reporter so where 's snowflake ? podacter ah snowflake be just , ah , not available right now . reporter come on , I be suppose to get a shot of he new trick for the evening news . reporter # 2 what ? be he sick ? other reporter chime in . various reporter do something happen to snowflake ?! what be you hide ..?! Melissa and podacter do not know what to say . then , a strange voice be hear . ace / heinz ( o.s. ) ( unrecognizable accent ) how cun I be get dis vork dun mit all da shouting ? what for be dis shouting ? reporter who the hell be that ? melissa that ? that 's ace / heinz heinz kissvelvet . I be trainer of dolphin . you vant to talk to ze dolphin , you talk to I ! reporter what happen to the regular trainer ? ace / heinz vy do you care about the dolphin ? do you know he ? do he call you at home ? do you have a dorsal fin ? ( beat ) to train ze dolphin , you must zink like ze dolphin . you must be get oonside ze dolphin 's head ! just yesterday I be ask snowflake " ee , eee , eee . " he say , " eee , eee , eee , eee . " und you can quote he . Ace spit at the reporter ' foot . podacter jump in . podacter gentlemen , please , coach shula 's press conference be just about to begin . why do not I take you over there and let , ah , heinz , do he job . he usher the press away . melissa ( sotto to Ace ) be you finish , heinz ? ace not yet . Ace go to the filter outside the tank , open it , and pour out its content '' mainly leave , small twig and gunk . he root through it , notice a very tiny amber stone . he smile to himself . ace now I be finish . ext . metro police department - later that day a flurry of activity in the detective division . as Ace enter , several cop taunt he on sight , lead by the obnoxious , sergeant aguado . aguado hey , ventura ! make any good collar lately ? another cop or be they leash ? they all bust up . aguado spot a bug on the ground . aguado uh oh . ( step on the bug ) homicide , ventura ! the cop be fall all over themselves laugh . aguado how you gonna solve this one ?! Ace walk up to they and look at the squash bug . ace good question , aguado first I would establish a motive . in this case the killer see the size of the bug 's dick , and become insanely jealous . the other cop all react with a big " ooooooo " . aguado have no comeback . Ace come face to face with he . ace then I would lose thirty pound pork he wife . aguado suddenly lose it and swing at Ace . with a lighten move , Ace sidestep the punch and force aguado 's face down next to the dead bug . ace now kiss and make up . Ace walk off . ace ( to himself ) llloooser ! Ace walk to the desk of emilio echavez , a young energetic member of the homicide division . Ace have a silly impish look on he face . ace ( playfully ) I miss you . emilio it 's not a good time , Ace . if einhorn see I talk to you I be gonna be history . ace okay . just tell I what you get on snowflake . that 's all I need . emilio I can not say anything . my hand be tie . ace ( effeminate ) sound like my kind of a party . a cop come to emilio 's desk . cop look alive , einhorn 's on she way down . emilio Ace , please ?! ace just tell I who 's work the case ? emilio aguado . ace aguado ?! he 's pimple juice ! he 's the poster child for lead paint chip eater ! emilio look , Ace . we be a little busy with murderer and drug dealer . a miss dolphin be not exactly a high priority . the elevator be get closer . emilio Ace , gimme a break will ya ? Ace nonchalantly sit back in a chair , pop a sunflower seed into he mouth and crack it loudly . emilio ( quickly ) okay , okay . we check all the local animal rights group , taxidermist , and we be run a check through dmv on all recent van rental . so far , nada . ace any unusual bet be make ? emilio Ace , it 's the Super bowl , of course there 's bet be make . ace what would you find out about the tank ? emilio nothing weird . just the tire track and the exit route . the guard do not see anything . ace that 's it ? emilio that 's it . I swear . now please go away ! ace you know something ? ( again impish ) you're nice ! Ace get up and exit the room . then just as emilio sigh with relief , Ace pop back in . ace what about crazy Philly fan ? the elevator bell ring . out step police lt . lois einhorn , mid 30 , with a slender build , a great pair of leg and a bad tude . ace Holy testicle Tuesday ! einhorn ( to emilio ) what the hell be he do here ? ace I come to confess . I be the second gunman on the grassy knoll . einhorn spare I the routine , ventura . I know you be work the snowflake case . May I suggest you yield to the expert on this one ? we will find the porpoise . ace ( mock relief ) whewww now I feel better ! Ace turn to go . ace ( cont ) of course , that might not do any good . you see , nobody 's miss a porpoise . it 's a dolphin that 's be take . the common Harbor porpoise have a abrupt snout , point tooth , and a triangular thorasic fin , while the bottlenose dolphin , or tursiop truncatus , have a elongate beak , round , cone - shape tooth , and a distinctive serrate dorsal appendage . ( beat ) but I be sure you already know that . ( beat ) that 's what turn I on about you . hey maybe I will give you a call sometime , lieutenant . you number still 911 ? alrighty then ! Ace exit . CUT to : int . tea room - night a wild thrasher club . a incredible thrash band be on stage cranking . kid jump wildly into the mosh pit . Ace enter , see a burnout at the bar whose head be circle insanely to the music . ace ( shouting ) Excuse I ?! be greg here ?! the burnout 's head thrashes on . no acknowledgement of Ace . ace thank you ! Ace head for the basement stair . int . basement stair - night Ace descend the stair , stop at a large steel door . Ace bang on it three time . a voice be hear from inside . voice ( o.s. ) password ! ace Tom vu ! I pay for sex ! you can too ! click ! the door electronically unlatch and slide open . int . basement - night Ace enter . Green peace " save the whale " poster abound . greg / woodstock , a laid back , ex-hippy with long gray hair , sit at a very impressive computer set up . Ace and he have they own distinct banter . a thud from above . Ace look up . ace' Pov part of the ceiling be make of metal grate , so you can see the bottom of the dance floor . a guy 's face get smashed into the grate . we see that it be the burnout from the club . ace ( to burnout ) found he ! woodstock hey ! St. Francis ! how 's it goin ? ace Super , and thank you for ask . hope you be have a nice day . woodstock do you ? ace do not I ? and what be you up to ? woodstock just watch the fishies , man . there be a blip on the computer screen . woodstock alright , you be just in time for the party . you see that blip ? ace I certainly do . on the screen a map with several ship on the ocean . he quickly tap in some command and the ship start sailing in all different direction . woodstock that 's a norwegian whaling fleet . I be send they new directional coordinate they will find Jimmy hoffa before they find any humpback . ace gravy . woodstock move to a different screen . woodstock check this out . more computer graphic come up on the screen . woodstock just change the formula for purina 's puppy chow . ( turn to Ace ) too much filler , do not ya ' think ? ace ( act turn on ) I be very attract to you right now . woodstock chuckle . woodstock be you ? ace be not I ? can you still tap into all the aquatic supply store in the area ? woodstock of course I can . why ? ace I want to trace the sale of any equipment for transport or housing a dolphin within the past few month woodstock c'mon , Ace . I think you might have a challenge for I woodstock start hack away . ace okay then , try to remember the sixty . woodstock wow ! God one ! let 's see Marine winch sling , feeder fish , 20,000 gallon tank he wait . we hear a beep . woodstock that 's it . I find the culprit . ace who be it ? woodstock ( dramatically ) Sea World . ace bastard . woodstock hang on , hang on ( he tap a couple key ) well , what do we have here ? that 's a lot of equipment for a civilian . the printer spit out some data . woodstock rip off the page and hand it to Ace . ace Ronald Camp ? the billionaire ? woodstock billionaire and rare fish collector . ace rrreheheally ! a picture of camp come up on the computer screen . woodstock that , my friend , be the face of the enemy . he page through he file on screen . woodstock always tryin ' to get he hand on endangered species newspaper article fill the screen . one show a picture of Camp and some dolphin player . ace hold on , this guy 's connect with the dolphin ? Ace lean in . woodstock Camp donate the land the new stadium 's build on . ( be : article ) oh , look at this , he 's throwin ' another , " I be the richest man in the universe " party . ace ( think ) hmmm I wonder if I can find myself a date . int . camp mansion - night it 's a magnificent home . there be a extremely formal party in progress . twenty to thirty people have champagne , caviar , and hot air . we see Dan Marino sit with a audience around he . dan we just choke in 82 . we have a chance to win and we do not . but nobody 's gonna choke this time ; if they do , I will kill them ! everybody laugh . ext . camp mansion - night Ace and Melissa climb a impressive stairway lead to Camp 's mansion . melissa I be really go out on a limb here , ventura . Camp 's social event be strictly a-list . ace ( a la Love connection ) ' well , Chuck the date start off good , but just before we get to the party , she seem to tense up . ' Melissa roll she eye , then tap a huge door knocker . melissa I swear , if you do anything to embarrass I in front of Camp ace you mean like this ? Ace start do a spastic body convulsion . just then a bald - head butler , who look a little like gavin mccloud , open the door . Ace do not notice until Melissa hit he with she purse . ace owwwe !!! he see the butler . ace oh , hi Captain stube . Melissa storm in , already piss . int . camp mansion - cont Ace and Melissa enter . Camp look over . camp Melissa ! glad you could make it ! oh , and who be this ? melissa this be my date . he 's a lawyer . camp well , do he have a name , or should I call he " lawyer " ? melissa I be sorry , it 's Ace - ah , Tom Ace . Ace be very unimpress with she lie ability . he jump in . ace Tom Ace . wonderful to meet you , Mr. Camp , and congratualtion on all you success . you smell terrific . camp ah , well , thank you . please , come in . Ace boldly lead the way over to a hor ' oeuvre table . Melissa closely follow . melissa ( sotto ) this be insane . there 's no way that Camp steal snowflake . ace ( spread pate ' on a cracker ) will you just keep he occupy , while I work my magic please . she cross the room . he put the cracker in he mouth and begin to crunch . a man in a tux beside Ace spread pate ' on he own cracker . ace ( with a mouthful , to man ) smooshy , be not it ? off the stuffy man 's reaction int . camp mansion - second later Ace approach Camp . ace Excuse I , ron , I need to use the bathroom ? ( palm he stomach , whisper loudly ) I think it 's the pate ' . camp um , it 's just over there . ace thanks . stuff probably look better on the way out , huh ? Ace laugh , slap Camp hard on the back and head for the bathroom . int . bathroom - cont Ace waste no time . he lock the door , turn on the water faucet , step onto the toilet seat , open and climb out a window . ext . mansion court yard - cont Ace drop to the ground . he follow a pathway , through a gazebo and into a doorway , all the time quietly sing the musical score to ' Mission impossible ' . int . camp mansion - fish tank - cont Ace browse through a myriad of dramatically light , salt water tank , still sing . they be all fill with colorful exotic fish . very impressive , but nothing large enough to house a dolphin . he continue on towards a large door . int . tank room - second later a huge above - ground tank be cover with curtain to discourage onlooker . Ace swing open the large door and enter . ace gravy . Ace climb a ladder on the side of the tank , sing more intensely now . the ladder lead to a narrow catwalk over the center of the water . Ace grab a feeder fish from a pail and walk carefully out there . close on ace . this be it . he look into the dark pool , but see nothing . now he stop sing , quietly squat down and dangle the fish over the water . ace ( gently ) snowflake here , snowflake snooowflaaaake a great white lunge out of the water and snap its jaw a inch from ace' face !!! needless to say , ace be a tad surprised . he reel back , fall off the catwalk , into the water . int . camp mansion - same time Melissa be admire some beautiful tropical fish . Camp approach . camp wonderful , be not they ? melissa ( nervously ) yes . they be incredible . camp no matter what be go on in my life , I can always watch they swim and be completely at peace . int . indoor pool room - same time the water be still for a moment . then , Ace break the surface . ace ( frantic , to himself ) it 's not snowflake it 's not snowflake . instantly , Ace 's body be thrash around back and forth through the water , the entire length of the pool . ace ( scream ) it's not snowflaaaake !!! it's not snowflaaaa !!! int . camp mansion - later a line be form outside the bathroom . Camp and Melissa be seat nearby . he 's get curious . camp be you sure he 's okay ? it 's be a awfu ; ;y long time . melissa who , Tom ? oh , I be sure he 's fine . Ace suddenly open the bathroom door and stand there , completely drench from head to toe , with he pants in shred . everyone stop . they all stare at Ace in amazement . ace ( loudly to the entire room ) do not go in there ! ( fan the air ) whewww !! ext . camp mansion - later Ace and Melissa be exite . Camp stop in the doorway . camp ( still confuse ) I be very sorry , Mr. Ace . I will have the plume check immediately . ace be sure that you do . if I have be drink out of that toilet , I might have be kill ! Ace shake Camp 's hand and notice he ring . he hold on to get a better look . it 's a very distinct , commemorative ring . Camp want he hand back but Ace will not let go . Melissa finally drag Ace away . melissa we would better go . Camp look on and shake he head . int . melissa be car - night Ace be think . Melissa be piss . melissa y'know , I do not even want to know why you pants be miss ! I do not care what happen ! you could have cost I my job . ace ( on he own wavelength ) I be wrong about Camp . he 's break the law but he 's not we guy . melissa it 's a sure thing ! it 's definitely he ! just get I in there ! let I work my magic ! Ace take the stone out of he pocket and study it intensely . ace this be the key . right here ! melissa hire you be the biggest mistake I ever make ! ace so small ! so unnoticeable ! yet a invaluable piece of we twisted little jigsaw puzzle ! Melissa stare at Ace like he 's go crazy . there be a flash of headlight and a car horn . Melissa swerve back into she own lane . Ace drop the stone somewhere on the seat and begin to search for it frantically . ace damn it ! ( to Melissa ) try to keep it on the road . int . melissa' live room Melissa enter , follow by Ace . melissa so , you find a pebble in snowflake 's tank . Excuse I while I call CNN . ace I find it in the filter . and it 's not a pebble . it be a rare , triangular cut , orange amber . Ace hand Melissa the stone and quickly go to one of she bookcase . melissa what be you talk about ? ace tonight I see the exact same stone in Camp 's ring . Ace find a book on the dolphin team and flip through it . melissa I think you say he do not do it . ace n. Camp 's clean . his ring be not miss a stone . but whoever be in that tank have a ring just like he . melissa wait a second . what ring ? Ace hand she the book . it 's open to a photo of ace the 1982 dolphin afc championship ring . Melissa hold the stone up to the picture . it 's a perfect match . ace I find the ring with the miss stone , I find snowflake . melissa how be you gonna do that ? ace simple . music up CUT to : ext . track - day Ace be wheeze and gasp for air as he struggle to jog up beside a large man who 's run around the track at a very fast pace . when he finally catch up , he awkwardly try to catch a glimpse of the man 's ring and trip . the man just keep go . int . footlocker - day Ace sit wait with one shoe off . the store manager , a ex-player for the ' 82 team , set down several shoe box . Ace check out the ring . close on a poster of the ' 82 team . the player we just see be be cross out . ext . HOTEL - day Pan a few kid get autograph from Marino and other player , end on Ace dress up and look like a pimply kid . as the player sign , he check they ring . ext . track - day Ace be again try to catch the large man on the track . this time , just as he draw near , the man leave he in the dust . int . sport bar - day two big guy finish arm wrestle . Ace step up to challenge . he spend a undue amount of time prepare he grip , as he check out the ring . Ace finally get set and give the " go ahead " nod . he be instantly throw across the room . close on the poster of the ' 82 team . another group of player be be cross out . ext . STREET Ace spot a player drive along side he . he can not see he ring . Ace deliberately cut off the player 's car and flip he off . the angry player flip Ace off . we see he ring be intact . Ace wave and drive off . int . men' room one huge lineman use a urinal . Ace , use the urinal next to he , nonchalantly try to catch a glimpse of the guy 's hand . the lineman have a very angry look on he face , but after a beat it change to a " come on " smile . close on the poster of the ' 82 team . there be only one face that have not be cross out . Ace circle it . ext . track - day once again we see the large , fast man jogging toward camera . suddenly Ace run up behind he , with a desperate look on he face , pour a bottle of chloroform into a cloth . he leap onto the man 's back , smother he with the cloth and hold on for dear life . the man slowly give up the fight and collapse . Ace casually check the ring , then walk away disappointed . ext . melissa' backyard - early evening Ace sit in a lawn chair depressed . Melissa console he . melissa Ace , that stone could have come from anywhere . a earring , a necklace ace ( with murder in he eye ) it come from a ' 82 afc championship ring . melissa Lt. einhorn think it be a animal rights group . have you hear of fan ? ace free animal now ? start in 1982 by chelsea gamble , daughter of the famous industrialist , Fischer gamble ? over half a million member from Florida to Finland ? ( beat ) no . who be they ? melissa do you know that last year they send threaten letter to 127 college team , demand the release of they mascot ? at last count '' ace what do you feed you dog ? we see Melissa 's dog lie near Ace 's foot . melissa ah dog food , why ? ace he 's miserable . melissa what be you talk about ? ace he 's just very unhappy , I feel sorry for he . bad diet , isolate environment . it 's amazing he 's still alive . melissa you be just mad because you stupid pebble theory do not work out and you do not know how to express you anger . ace yeah ? and you be ugly . melissa I be not even gonna ' talk to you , please leave . ace what , so you can beat he ? fatty ! melissa you be unbelievable . the phone ring inside the house . Melissa go to answer it . melissa hire you be a huge mistake ! the door slam and Ace be alone with the dog . after a moment he reach down to pet it and we all see that it be one of the happiest dog in the world . ace you like she , huh ? yeah , she 's alright . Ace , feel guilty , walk into the house . int . melissa' den - cont Ace walk toward Melissa . ace look , Melissa , I , ah Ace stop when he see Melissa . she be sit , hold the phone in she lap with a completely stunne look on she face . something be very wrong . ext . high rise apartment build - night Chaos . Police , light flash , paramedics , crowd of people . Ace and Melissa see Roger podacter 's body take away in a ambulance . ace you okay ? Melissa nod bravely . emilio join they . ace what would you find ? emilio podacter , Roger . routine suicide . he be alone . he would be drink . no sign of a struggle . neighbor hear he scream on the way down . just you classic fifteen story swan dive . Melissa shudder . Ace give emilio a " way to go " look . emilio sorry . int . highrise lobby - night the three enter . emilio push the button for the elevator . melissa it just seem so out of character . he be go to retire in two year . ace do he leave a note ? the elevator arrive . emilio no . that 's nothing unusual . some do , some do not . he do not . the elevator door close . int . podactor' apartment - moment later Police be everywhere . emilio , Ace and Melissa enter and be immediately approach by one of the officer . emilio miss Robinson , this be officer carlson . carlson even , mar 'am . I wonder if you could answer a few question about the decease ? Ace slip away , we follow he as he eavesdrop on conversation . neighbor ( to a cop ) I tell you , I be across the hall in my apartment , I hear a scream . the door be lock , so I call the manager the manager reiterate she story to the cop . the manager be about 100 year old . manager the place be empty , except for the damn dog in the other room . then I open the balcony door , look over the railing , and splat , bang , pancake time Ace , continue he investigation notice podacter' desk in perfect order . next , he notice police come in and out of the balcony , close the door behind they , shutting out the noise . int . podacter' bedroom - night a dog be cower in the corner . Ace try to comfort the little guy . ace hey , fella , have a bad night ? Ace examine its paw . Ace then get down and find scratch in the door . two feet interrupt . Ace stand . he be face to face with einhorn . einhorn who let Dr. doolittle in ? emilio step in immediately . emilio ah , Lieutenant . he come with miss Robinson '' einhorn this be official police business . we will let you know if the coroner find any tick . cop snicker . emilio I just think since Melissa '' ace E , forget it . she 's right . besides , I would not want someone trace my step and point out all the mistake I make . Ace cross to ext . podacter' balcony - cont Ace examine the area . einhorn be in hot pursuit . einhorn oh , so , you do not think this in a obvious suicide , Mr. Pet detective ? ace well , I would not say that . Lord know , there be plenty of evidence here to support you theory , except of course that spot of blood on the balcony . on the railing , sure enough , there be a tiny spot of blood . einhorn glare at a couple of nearby cop . they look down . ace May I tell you what I think happen ? alrighty then ! Ace move as he talk . ace Roger podacter go out after work . he have a few drink , and he come home . but he be not alone . someone be with he in this apartment . there be a struggle , and then Roger podacter be throw over that balcony . Roger podacter do not commit suicide . he be murder . a beat as everyone consider this . einhorn well , that 's a very entertaining story , but real detective have to worry about that little thing lawyer call evidence . Ace pick up a lottery ticket on podacter 's desk and become a condescending kid show host . ace let 's take a trip to clue corner , shall we ? can anyone tell I why a man busy a lottery ticket on the day he be go to commit suicide ? or why the family pet , suffer from acute canine trauma , claw at the bedroom door until he paw ble ? how about the blood on the railing ? I will bet if we put we think cap on we will see that it be the result of the struggle that take place inside this apartment while Mr. podacter be still alive ! ( sing ) next time you don't have a clue come on back to clue corner ! boop ! everyone look to einhorn . einhorn not a bad try for a pet detective , but not near conclusive enough for we real investigator . ( beat ) first , people buy lottery ticket everyday . it 's a habit . it do not prove a thing . second , the dog be not suffer from canine trauma , he be suffer from bladder trauma . sergeant neilson find a piss stain as big as Lake huron near the bed . and third , the blood on the railing . simple . he do not jump far enough and whacks he head . a fact confirm by the paramedics who find cut on he scalp , with trace of a white chalky substance . i.e. plaster from the balcony . einhorn show Ace the paramedics report . everyone be impressed with einhorn . einhorn so much for you murder , ventura . aguado uh oh , I think I hear a toilet flush . maybe someone lose they turtle ? everyone have a laugh . Ace look beat . ace well , maybe I be just a little out of my league , here . einhorn Ace hold out he hand , einhorn shake it . ace good work . Ace and Melissa head for the door . ace oh , there be just one more thing , Lieutenant . ( be : the neighbor ) this man be Roger podacter 's neighbor . he life across the hall . he say he hear a scream , be that right , sir ? the neighbor nod . Ace turn to the apartment manager . ace and you say you have to open the balcony door when you key into the room ? manager that 's right . Ace walk out onto the balcony and turn , face they . ace you be certain you have to open this door ? she nod . einhorn what 's the point , ventura ? ace only this aaaaaaawwwwwwwwwww Ace sustain a incredible pavorati note , while he repeatedly open and close the glass door between they . when the door be close nothing can be hear . ace ( tapping the door ) this be double pane , sound - proofed glass . there 's no way this neighbor could have hear podacter scream on the way down with this door shut . the scream he hear come from inside this apartment , before podacter be throw over the railing ! and the muderer close the door before he leave ! ( celebrate insanely ) yes ! yess ! I have exorcise the demon ! ( a la poltergeist ) this house be clear . int . ace' car - a short time later Ace drive straight ahead . melissa what be you think ? ace I be think this whole thing be connect somehow . ( frustrated ) I be think I want to find that other ring ! melissa you check all the ring . ace I know , pessimistress . could anyone else have get a ring that year ? melissa no. Camp be the only honoree . just player and coaches . everyone in the photo . ace receipt ! there must be receipt ! you have a key to the office . melissa Ace this have be a really tough day . can not we do this in the morning ? Ace look at he watch . ace absolutely . ext . dolphin headquarters - 1:00 am Ace 's car screech to a stop , in front of the building . Ace jump out , follow by Melissa . int . dolphin headquarters - hallway - night it 's dark . team picture adorn the wall . melissa ( o.s. ) this file go back to seventy - eight . int . dolphin office - continuous Ace be flipping through a file cabinet , look at receipt . Melissa be start to warm to he . melissa that be pretty impressive , what you do back at the apartment . ace ( still look ) you do not have to tell I . I be there . melissa maybe you should have join the police force become a real detective . ace ( shaking he head ) I do not do human . Melissa get a bit closer . melissa you really love animal , do not you ? Ace stop search and look into she eye . ace I feel a kinship with they . I understand they . wanna hear something kinda spooky ? melissa sure . she get closer still . ace one time , when I be about twelve , I have this dream that I be be follow by a dog with raby . he have this really bloodshot eye and foam come out of he mouth and just before I get to my front door he jump on I and sink he tooth in . then I wake up , and feel the back of my neck check this out . Ace motion for Melissa to feel the back of he neck , but when she do , he snap at she hand , bark like a vicious dog . ace ararar !!! Melissa jump out of she skin . melissa ohhh !! you bastard ! ace ( snicker ) I be sorry . I could not stop myself . be this all the receipt ? melissa ( mildly annoyed ) I do not know . ace there 's only a dozen of they here . Ace turn from the file cabinet with a hopeless look on he face . Melissa begin to clean up he mess . melissa ( pointedly ) gee maybe they be misplace because somebody do not put the file back when he be ace who the hell be that ? melissa what Ace cross to a big picture of the ' 82 team that hang on the aadjacent wall and point out a player . ace that ! who the hell be that ?! he quickly pull out he cross out picture of the team and begin to compare the two . melissa oh , that 's Ray finkle the kicker . do not you know who Ray finkle be ? ace no ! how come he 's not in this picture ?! Melissa check Ace 's photo . melissa this be the picture you be use ? this be take earlier in the year . finkle be not add to the roster till mid-season . she start to realize what Ace have already figure out . melissa ( cont 'd ) he 's the guy that miss the final field goal in the Super bowl that year . cost the dolphin the game . ace but he get a ring ? melissa definitely . int . stadium / public relation office - later Ace and Melissa look through finkle 's file on a microfiche screen . newspaper article , headshot flash before they melissa ' replacement kicker have great Year ' ' ready for Super bowl , confident kicker boast ' . ace ' field goal sail Wide , dolphin lose Super bowl ' . melissa the kick hear round the world . that be finkle . the dolphin lose by one point . another headline hit the screen : finkle contract not renewed . melissa poor guy . ace poor guy with a motive , baby . where be he now ? melissa last I hear , he go back to he home town , collier County . he use to work in a bar up there . ace ( ponder ) reheheally . melissa can you drop I off before you go ? ace ( shaking he head ) no way . it may not be safe at you apartment , and you should not be leave alone . melissa what do you suggest ? CUT to : int . ace' bedroom - later we see a person 's butt under a sheet come up into frame repeatedly . skin , sweat , sheet fly , as Ace and Melissa roll back and forth on the bed . Ace be take no prisoner . CUT to : 50 animal at the bottom of the bed , with eye as big as silver dollar , watch they silently . we cut back and forth between furious lovemake and shot of stare animal . Melissa and Ace simultaneously reach the pinnacle of pleasure . melissa ( totally amaze and exaust ) oh man oh man ! oh wow ! ace ( mock embarrassment ) I be sorry that 's never happen to I before . I must be tired . ext . highway one - day various travel shot of Ace en route to a ' deliverance ' type town deep in the everglade . a sign read " Gas - food - 2 mile " but the word " food " be cross out . int . bilbo' gas station - day a pitifully sad country song play on the radio . fern bilbo sit at he cluttere desk with the end of a old shotgun in he mouth . he be struggle to reach the trigger . through the glass behind he , we see Ace 's car pull up to the only gasoline pump . ding ! the bell ring . fern begrudgingly take the gun out of he mouth , set it down and walk out . ext . bilbo' gas station - cont Ace get out of he car . ace Excuse I , sir . do you know where I can find the pigskin Sports bar ? fern do I have a " kick I " sign on my back , son ? ace I would not know anything about that , but if you could point I toward the bar . fern break down , sobbing . fern they all leave I all of they ! ace well hypothetically speak , say they all leave you and go to the pigskin Sports bar . how would they have get there from here ? fern two mile down and take the first leave . ace thanks very much ! take care now , ' bye ' bye then ! Ace get into he car and pull out . int . bilbo' gas station - cont fern enter , sit down at the desk , place the end of the shotgun in he mouth , reach for the trigger and ding ! another car pull up to the pump . exasperate , he take the gun out of he mouth . fern ( murmer to himself as he get up ) can not get anything do around here ext . pigskin sport bar - day a weathered dive in the middle of a swamp . Ace park . int pigskin sport bar - day if depression have a home , this be it . several deject man , with various degree of miss tooth , sit around the bar . a couple hapless guy play pool . one throw dart . Ace enter , pop a sunflower seed in he mouth and address the room . ace Excuse I , guy ?! my name be Ace ventura , I be a pet detective . I would like to ask you a few question if I could . no one even look at he . ace just a few question , that 's all . still no one react . ace ( very up ) who want gum ?! again , no reaction . Ace walk over to the bartender and slide a five across the bar . ace I be look for a guy who use to work here . the bartender take the money . bartender that right ? ace he be a kicker for the dolphin . Ray finkle . a pool ball fly by Ace 's head shatter a mirror behind the bar . all eye be on Ace . ace ( to guy who throw it ) that would be a scratch . toothless giant you a friend of finkle 's ? ace ( think ) yes ? crash ! the giant guy smashes he bottle . ace sorry , I have " say the opposite of what you mean " disease . several undesirable surround Ace . toothless giant that bastard ruin this town . ace ewww I hate that ! hick # 2 we bet everything we have on that Super bowl and that son of a bitch gag . ace what a diiick ! they all move closer in a threaten manner . hick # 3 shanked a goddamn 26 yarder !!! ace death to finkle ! death to finkle ! the bartender step in . bartender we have a hell of a thing go here . tourist come to see Ray finkle 's home town . he be stand right over there when he get the call from the dolphin . the bartender point to a payphone . it have have the shit beat out of it . every expletive you can think of be graffity around it . ace do he come back after the Super bowl ? bartender yeah but the boy here have way of let he know he be not welcome . hick # 1 Excuse I , I gotta take a wick finkle . laughter . toothless giant what 's the difference between finkle and a jackass ? a jackass can kick . more laughter . hick # 2 why do finkle cross the road ?! ace ( facetious ) wait I know this one . hick # 2 he do not ! and I have get the hair on my bumper to prove it ! maniacal laughter and chant ensue . mob finkle suck ! finkle suck ! finkle suck ! ace it 's good you be deal with the anger . ( beat ) I do not suppose anyone 's see he lately ? the chant stop and the guy all look at Ace . bartender no but we know where he parent live ! do not we boy ?! hick # 1 yeah ! we sure do ! they all laugh insanely again . ext . house - day Ace pull up outside a two -story stilt house . the place have be completely desecrate by graffiti , bullet hole and paint bomb . toilet paper be strewn through the tree . Ace walk up and knock on the door . a wooden peephole slide open revealing a suspicious pair of eye . ace hi , I be look for Ray finkle . a gun slide out into Ace 's face . ace ( with a gulp ) and a clean pair of short . a deep gruff voice from inside . voice what do you know about Ray finkle ? ace southpaw soccer style kicker . graduate from collier High in June , 1976 . stetson University honors graduate , class of 1980 . hold two NCAA division one record . one for most point in a season , one for distance . former nickname the mule . the first and only pro athlete ever to come out of collier County . and one helluva model american . after a beat the peephole close . the door slowly creak open revealing mr . finkle , a unsmile , taciturn , elderly man hold the gun . mr . finkle be you another one of they scumbag from ' hard copy ' ? ace no , sir . I be just a very big finkle fan . this be my graceland , sir . Mrs. finkle , a sweet , adorable elderly woman come over . mrs . finkle will you put that gun down . the boy 's a fan of we son . so nice to meet you . I be Ray 's mother , and this be Ray 's father . int . finkle house - day ace it 's a real honor . mrs . finkle my Ray be so appreciative of he fan . he will be so pleased you stop by . ace be you expect Ray anytime soon ? mrs . finkle oh , yes . I expect he home any minute . Ace be surprised . mrs . finkle would you like some cookie ? I just baked they . Mrs. finkle hurry off to the kitchen . Ace smile at Mr. finkle . the guy 's a corpse . ace wow Ray finkle 's house ! can not wait to meet he ! mr . finkle Ray be not comin ' home . ace but you wife say you expect he home any minute . mr . finkle she expect he home any minute . he point to he head , and look toward the kitchen . mr . finkle engine runnin but there 's no one behind the wheel . ten year ago we son escape from Shady acre psychiatric Hospital in Tampa . they be still buggin ' we to pick up he stuff . Mrs. finkle return with a plate of football shape cookie . mrs . finkle ( sweetly ) it be all that Dan Marino 's fault , everyone know that . if he have hold the ball lace out , like you be suppose to , Ray would never have miss that kick . Dan Marino should die of gonorrhea and rot in Hell . would you like a cookie , son ? Ace take a cookie . holding it up . ace hey , what do ya know . they be little football . mrs . finkle lace out ! crash !! a large stone smashes through the window . outside , a pickup truck fill with drunken patron from the pigskin Sports bar drive by yell they finkle chant . mob finkle suck ! finkle suck ! mrs . finkle I tell you he have a lot of fan . Mrs . finkle pick up the rock and hurl it out the break window . it hit one of the vandal , knock he out cold , as the truck peel away . mr . finkle ( aside to Ace ) she get the arm . the boy get the leg . int . hallway - a short time later Mrs. finkle and Ace be walk down the hallway to Ray 's room . mrs . finkle when Ray get back and start kick again , he will never even know he be go . I keep he room just the way he leave it . she open the door to Ray 's room . Ace step in . int . ray' room - continuous it 's a death shrine to Dan Marino . complete with lifesize cutout of Dan Marino , some with noose around the neck , other hack to piece . paint on the wall : " death to Marino ! " , Marino must die !!! , etc . ace oooh boy . mrs . finkle what a sport nut , huh ? in the center of the room be a movie projector . ace May I ? mrs . finkle oh yes . by all mean . Mrs . finkle shut the light off . Ace turn on the projector . the film flicker over the " Marino must die !!! " graffiti . it 's the final play of the Super bowl . Marino take the snap , finkle kick and the ball sail wide . the film repeat itself ad infinitum . ext . bilbo' gas station - day Ace on the payphone . we see the gas station in the background . ace Melissa , it 's Ace . int . melissa' office - day melissa Ace ? where be you ? intercut ace / melissa ace I be in psychoville and finkle 's the Mayor . where 's Dan Marino ? melissa Marino ? why ? ace because he 's about to join snowflake . I gotta know where he be . melissa okay , hold on Melissa check Marino 's itinerary . Ace wait , impatiently . ace ( to himself ) come on . come on in the background , we see two paramedics exit the gas station office roll a dead body on a gurney . the area of the sheet that cover the face be a giant red spot . we widen to see they load good old Mr. bilbo into a ambulance and drive away , ringing the station bell one more time . Ace do not notice . melissa ah , he have practice . then he have a commercial shoot out at the Prescott sound stage . ace where be that ? melissa it 's on Route one by the six cut off . thirty minute outside of town . ace okay , that 's about fifteen mile from I . call the police . get extra security over there now . melissa Ace , tell I what 's go on . ( beat ) Ace ? the payphone dangle off the hook . Ace be ext . highway one - day in he car racing out of the swampland , he heaad now back out the window so he can see . he leave a fade , old , barely legible sign in he wake : " welcome to collier county . home of ray finkle " the " F " in " finkle " have be replace with " ST " in spray paint . int . prescott studio - day rehearsal for a isotoner ad in progress . marino so I protect the hand that protect I . with isotoner . Marino get carte off by five huge linemen . director good . remember , exit camera right . that 's to you leave . alright , let 's get ready to shoot this . first a.d. ( to the linemen ) helmet on this time ! the linemen disperse . ext . STREET - day Ace run a red light cause car to skid in every direction . int . prescott studio - day Marino be in the make - up chair . marino ( to make - up girl ) see , in 82 we just choke . we have a chance to win it and we do not '' director Dan , be you ready ? marino ah , sure . ( to girl ) I will tell you later . ext . studio - day the cop race onto the lot . int . studio - day Marino take center stage . a.d. quiet on the set roll speed director and action ! marino hi , I be Dan Marino . if anyone know the value of protection , it 's I we see a old clip of Marino get sack . ext . studio - day cop scramble on foot to the sound stage . int . studio - day the commercial be wind up . the linemen ready themselves . marino so I protect the hand that protect I . with isotoner . the five linemen grab Marino and run off camera . director and cut ! that be good . again from one . but two of the linemen keep run with Marino director I say cut !! and they keep run . director ( cont 'd ) what the hell be they do ? right out the studio door . then the cop arrive and race after they . two linemen stumble out of the dress room hold they head . ext . SOUND stage - day Ace skid around a corner , look way up ahead . he see Marino be shove into a black 81 Ford bronco . they drive off . the cop come out of the building on foot . too late . Ace in hot pursuit almost run the cop down . ace ( yell at cop ) s'cuse meee ! Pet detective ! ext . CITY street - day Ace 's head be out the driver 's window through the entire chase . as he start gain on the bad guy , they start shoot . Ace wisely put he head inside the car . ace' Pov he can not see shit through he break windshield . he poke he head out again . they shoot again . Ace swerve off the road into ext . park - day Ace 's car smashes through bench and table . then it flip over a few time and land on its wheel with a horrid smash . Ace be still strapped into the driver seat , unconscious . Ace 's prize white pigeon land on the car door right beside he . Ace crack he eye and see the bird . then , with a sudden quick lunge he successfully trap it in he hand , and forget all about Marino . ace I do it ! I do it ! I catch the white pigeon ! I catch the white pigeon ! Ace jump out of he car and start skip around the park with the pigeon hold high over he head . he look insane . ace ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) I catch the white pigeon , I catch the white pigeon , I catch the white Ace slow down and begin to look around warily . there be now a unusual number of bird perch on the telephone wire around the park and on the monkey bar , and on the swing . the sky grow darker . he slowly turn and try to get back to the car . all the bird take flight . Ace set the white pigeon free and start to run , but it 's too late . the bird be on he . peck , and gouging , and rip he flesh . now we see ten bird fly away with a leg . five bird fly away with a arm . twenty other be try to take Ace 's leave arm off , and half he face be miss ace aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh !!! CUT to : ext . park - day Ace be back in he wreck car with he arm hang out the window . a small boy be pull it . boy hey mister . hey mister . Ace come to suddenly , and look at the boy with a craze expression . boy ( cont 'd ) that be a really neat crash , mister . do it again ! Ace sigh with relief . ext . miami - day various headline hit the news stand : " marino kidnapped " " STAR qb missing " " dan where be you ? " the globe headline : " marino abducted by alien franchise ! " on the cover , Marino stand with several Space alien in football gear . ext . police station - later that day a chaotic press conference . Zillion of reporter shout all kind of question at einhorn . reporter Lieutenant , have there be any ransom demand ? einhorn there 's be no communication with the kidnapper at this time . reporter # 2 what 's go to happen to the Super bowl ? will it be postpone ? einhorn as of now , the game be go on as schedule . reporter # 3 why be not the public tell about snowflake 's kidnap ? einhorn secrecy be essential . we do not want any public interference . reporter be the crime related ? and what about Roger podacter 's murder ? einhorn I be sorry . I can not comment any further . now if you will excuse I . einhorn push she way through the crowd of reporter . int . police station - moment later einhorn be bark out order to other cop as she head for she office . einhorn emilio , get I the autopsy on podacter ! aguado , send out a memo . no one talk to the press int . einhorn office - continuous action einhorn and somebody get I a cup of coffee ! ace ( tv announcer 's voice ) tonight on " miami vice " , crockett geet the boss coffee ! Ace be in she office , pop sunflower seed , kick back . einhorn walk to she private bathroom . einhorn ventura , when I get out of this bathroom , you better be go . ace be it number one or number two ? einhorn turn and glare at Ace . ace I just want to know how much time I have . einhorn go to the sink and begin wash she hand . ace oh , by the way , I go ahead and solve that pesky , snowflake / podacter / Marino thing . einhorn ( o.s. ) ( humoring he ) oh yeah ? ace yeah , ever hear of a former dolphin kicker name Ray finkle ? the water shut off . einhorn appear around the corner . einhorn alright , ventura . make it quick . ace I find a rare stone at the bottom of snowflake 's tank . it 's from a dolphin ' 82 afc championship ring . it would have be a Super bowl ring , but Ray finkle miss the big kick . blame the whole thing on Marino . we be talk paranoid , delusional psychosis . I see the guy 's room cozy , if you be hannibal lector . einhorn so how do Roger podacter fit in ? ace my guess be finkle be snooping around . podacter recognize he . end of story . as for snowflake they give he finkle 's number , and teach he how to kick a field goal . finkle take it personally . einhorn listen with great interest . einhorn so where be finkle , now ? ace he break out of a metal hospital . do a Claude raine . he 's be plan he revenge for year . wait for the perfect time to get back at the dolphin . the time when it would hurt they the most . Super bowl time ! man , I be tired of be right ! einhorn walk in front and sit on the edge of the desk . she 's totally soften she demeanor . einhorn congratulation . you have do some fine detective work , Ace . ace ahh , could you talk in my good ear . I think I hear you call I Ace . einhorn get real close . einhorn maybe I be wrong about you . maybe you be more than just a pet dick . she suddenly plant a major , tonsil cleaning , OPEN mouthed kiss on ace . object be knock off the desk as they lean back . ace you gun 's digging into my hip . more kissing , the Ace stop . einhorn ( still come on ) what 's wrong , Ace ? want I to read you you rights ? ace maybe later . einhorn what be it ? that bony little bitch , Melissa Robinson ? ace ( defensive ) no . you just do not do anything for I . he quickly adjust he crotch , to conceal the erection . einhorn withdraw with a coy smile . einhorn I will be here if you ever want a real woman . there 's a sharp knock at the door . einhorn what be it ? aguado open the door . aguado everything okay in here ? Heard some commotion . einhorn Fine , sergeant . aguado you want I to throw he out ? einhorn why do not you throw yourself out . aguado yes , mar 'am . a crestfallen aguado exit . Ace head for the door . einhorn Ace , I want you to leave everything to we . ace can not do that , Lieutenant . I be hire to find snowflake . einhorn when we find Marino , we will deliver snowflake . ace when I find snowflake , I will deliver Marino . he exit . int . tea room - night a full on thrash metal band be cranking on stage . kid leap wildly into the mosh pit . the same burnout be still thrashing he head wildly to the music . ace ( shouting ) Nice to see you again ! the burnout just keep thrashing . Ace spot woodstock watch the band and join he . woodstock St. Francis , how 's it goin ' ? ace ( kid ) that 's none of you damn business . woodstock be not it ? ace be it ? woodstock anything new on that dolphin ? ace get he picture on some tuna can , but nothing so far . a singer roar on stage . he sound like a garbage disposal full of cutlery . singer arroohhghhh ! myrrrooohghhhh ! geroooghhh ! woodstock so , what can I do for you today ? ace I need info on a football flunky name Ray finkle . woodstock sorry , Ace , I can not help you right now . I gotta watch this band ! they be the shit ! ace be they ? woodstock be not they ? ace alright then . do not worry about it . I mean dolphin be not exactly a endangered species . it 's not like the whole food chain 's gonna be affect if one highly intelligent mammal die a slow and painful death ! Hell , if the band be loud enough , you will not even hear its pitiful whimper !! Ace do he best suffer dolphin impression . woodstock be no longer enjoy the band . CUT to : int . basement - night woodstock be at he computer . Ace look over he shoulder . finkle 's Social Security information appear on the screen . woodstock this guy 's last report income be September , 1982 . ace well then . we know he 's incredibly thrifty . woodstock be he ? ace be not he ? woodstock type in more information . finkle 's trw flash on the screen . woodstock well , I think we can be pretty sure he 's involved in the kidnap of the dolphin . ace really ? what make you say that ? woodstock there 's two - thousand dollar worth of smelt on he visa card . after a beat Ace realize it be a bad joke . ace please yank I no further . I beg of you . woodstock alright already . the last time this guy use he credit card be June , ' 84 . he rent a car from avis . and eww he be a bad boy . they find it abandon two month later in South Miami . ace anything else ? woodstock nope . ace well you do all you could . thanks for nothin . woodstock hey man , accord to this , you friend Ray finkle do not exist . ace hmm , I know what that 's like . woodstock do you ? ace do not I ? int . tea room - night Ace emerge from the basement . the band be between song . Ace stroll by the burnout whose head have now stop . ace ( to burnout ) do you get all the spider outta there ? Ace head out , then freeze . the two thug that take Marino be stand at the exit . then they see Ace and start towards he , reach inside they coat . suddenly the music start . the burnout 's head wail again . his manic gyration interfere with the thug long enough for Ace to bolt . one of the thug push the burnout violently against the wall as they pursue Ace . burnout ( call , as he get up ) thanks , man ! you be a great dancer ! Ace push he way through the crowd . the thug follow . Ace near the stage . it 's wild . people be diving off and get moshed . before the thug grab he , Ace run up and throw himself from the stage . the insane crowd begin to pass he around over they head . the thug exchange a look , then dive after Ace , and a " mosh " chase ensue . Ace be pass back onto the stage as the song come to a end . the singer be lie there exhaust . Ace see the crowd start to put the thug down , so he quickly grab the microphone off the floor . ace ( scream ) one , two , three , four , spank I mommy !!! the audience look at Ace for a second . then the band member exchange a look and go for it !! it 's a nightmarish little ditty . Ace sing like one of Satan 's minion . ace urghhuurraaaw ! arghuurrrreeew ! the crowd seem to understand . they throw the thug high in the air again and mosh they away from the stage . the thug be shoot stray bullet the whole time . Ace incite the crowd , even more now , with a punch gesture . the crowd follow they new leader , punch with one hand , mosh with the other . the thug get the live crap " moshed " out of they . when the song end , Ace raise fist in the air . the cheer crowd violently drop the thug . they be out cold . ext . tea room - night Ace 's car peel out and race by the park ' 81 Ford bronco . ext . melissa' apartment - night Ace 's car skid to a halt . he hop out . int . melissa' apartment - night there 's a loud banging at the door . Melissa awaken , look at the clock : 3:32 a.m . she drag herself to the door . melissa who be it ? ace ( o.s. ) ira . melissa ira who ? ace ( o.s. ) I refuse to do a ' knock knock joke ' . come on , open up ! Melissa open the door . melissa Ace , what be you do ? it 's the middle of the night ! ace you have to commit I . ext . highway - dawn Ace 's clunker speed down the highway . ace ( v.o. ) finkle escape from Shady acre in Tampa . they still have some of he stuff . melissa ( v.o. ) so you think they be go to let we just waltz in and look around ? ext . shady acre - establishing - day a state hospital locate on acre of green , manicure lawn . int . shady acre - day the reception area . a doctor be before Melissa . doctor Mrs. Robinson ? I be Doctor handly . now who be it that you would like to have we look at ? melissa my brother Eugene . angle on ace - look like the football player who never wear a helmet . ace I be ready to go in , coach . just give I a chance . I know there 's a lot riding on it , but it 's all psychological . get to stay in a positive frame of mind . memorize the play book . Study the film . Ace strike a dramatic pose and freeze , with a craze look on he face . ace ( con 't ) I be gonna execute a button-hook pattern ! he begin to make a play in slow motion . ace ( con 't ) Super slo-mo ! CUT to : ext . shady acre hospital - day Melissa walk with the Doctor . patient be sit around , do outdoor therapy , etc . doctor you be brother will not be the first professional football player we have treat . melissa be that right ? doctor yes . we be very sensitive to the emotional stress athlete have to endure . Ace run across the b.g. scream " I be open ! I be open ! " doctor we will have to do some preliminary evaluation , but I think you brother will fit in nicely here . melissa that 's a relief , Doctor . Ace take a " snap " from a three - foot hedge and dive over it into the end zone . Melissa and the doctor stop to watch he . doctor he seem to have some difficulty let go of the game . have he have a long history of mental illness ? melissa ( truthfully ) as long as I have know he . Ace do a wild touchdown dance with some of the other patient participate . int . shady glade acre - hallway - day the doctor be show Melissa around . Ace be walk alongside they adjust he imaginary shoulder pad . doctor this be we therapy room Arts and craft they turn a corner . Ace squat to pick the dirt out of he cleat . doctor ( con 't ) that 's the storage room . this hallway lead to another recreational area '' Ace whistle loudly and gesture like a referee ace halftiiiime !! Ace stick he head in the water fountain then sit down on the bench outside the storage room . melissa he will be fine by himself for the next twenty minute . doctor well , why do not I show you the dormitory , then ? they leave Ace . after a beat , Ace get up and do a quick spin pattern into the storage room door . int . storage room - continuous action carton everywhere . Ace do a quick search and locate several box make finkle . Ace look through the first couple of box and find only clothes . in the third box , he hit the jackpot : he find sicko art and craft dedicated to Marino . die - Dan potholder , shred isotoner glove . he open a little diary . " lace out ! " be insanely scrawle on every page . Ace find a newspaper clipping , the headline read : search call off for missing hiker ace ( read ) a massive search end today when rescue worker be unable to find the body of lois einhorn ( stunne ) a camper report lose since Friday ( to himself ) lois einhorn holy shit ball . Ace sit bewilder . int . police station - day the phone ring at emilio 's desk . he answer it . emilio echavez . int . shady acre - hallway - day Ace be on the phone . a crazy guy be hover nearby . ace this be Chicken Little . the sky be fall . emilio what ? back to emilio a beat as he listen to Ace 's news . emilio I do not get it . what 's it mean ? intercut ace / emilio ace it mean she 's involved in this . the article 's date the day before finkle disappear . emilio before who disappear ? ace finkle . Ray finkle the guy who take the dolphin ? the guy you be suppose to be look for ?! einhorn do not tell you , do she ? emilio hey , Ace . I see where you be goin ' with this and you be goin ' alone . a crazy guy stand next to Ace now and begin mimick everything he say . ace come on , E. I tell she about finkle , she do not tell a soul . I have a article here that connect she with finkle . you gotta ' check she out . ( to crazy guy mimick ) do you mind ? the crazy guy stop and move to one of the phone . emilio Ace , I like my job . I get health insurance and benefit . crazy guy ( into receiver ) I be the lindberg baby . come and get I . ace emilio , einhorn be involved . you be gonna ' have to make a decision here . ( beat ) listen , I gotta get off the phone . I think I just solve the lindberg case . Melissa and the Doctor return . doctor well , look who 's try to use the phone . Ace cover the phone receiver and whisper to they in a heartfelt voice . ace Brian piccalo be dead . Ace break down . Melissa hang up the phone and lead he away . we hear a thrash version of the theme to " Brian 's song " as they exit the hospital . int . police station - night emilio stand at a window , watch einhorn drive off . the coast be clear so he sneak into int . einhorn office - continuous he rifle through she file cabinet . he tear through papers . then he look in she desk . stuff in the back of the drawer he find a personal note : we can make out the signature . Roger . he pocket it and walk out . ext . melissa' apartment - night Ace and Melissa pull up in the old heap . ace good job today . you be quite a dirty rotten filthy liar . melissa ( flatter ) thanks . be you sure you do not want to stay here with I ? ace naw , I get some think to do . besides , you would be safer with salman rushdie melissa okay . she get out of the car , then turn and lean in the window . melissa listen I know there be not much time leave . the game be tomorrow . but I know you have do you best . it 's just a impossible situation . I do not expect .. ace hey Ace lean over and kiss she . ace ( cont 'd ) bet on the dolphin . int . ace' apartment - late night close up : answering machine wiggles ' nose enter frame and hit the play button . message # 1 ( shickadance rasp ) venturaaaa ? you time be up ! you be out ! you hear I ?! no rent no roof ! we widen to find Ace on the couch listen . message # 2 Ace , it 's E. get something you might find interesting . it 's a note from podacter to einhorn , thanking she for a wonderful Saturday night . this be too weird , man ? ace wiggles , rewind . wiggles obediently hit another button and rewind the phone tape . Ace pop sunflower seed , and hold some evidence aloft think . a bird eat seed out of he naval . ace what the hell do lois einhorn have to do with Ray finkle ? come on , think ! dissolve to : later . Ace be pose like rodin 's " the thinker " . ace finkle and einhorn . in it together . how ? why ? a small monkey sit in the same position . mock Ace . dissolve to : later still . Ace pace , jump up and down . try to get he intuitive juice flow . the monkey be likewise , jump on the mantle . ace alright ! here we go ! answer 's right there ! just gotta get some blood to the brain ! finkle and einhorn ! finkle and einhorn ! finkle and einhorn ! finkle and einhorn ! the animal all watch he like he 's crazy . dissolve to : daybreak . Ace sit stare at a picture of finkle on the coffee table . he 's totally spend and on the verge of tear . ace ( whimper ) finkle and einhorn . einhorn and finkle . he turn to see the monkey crash out in a heap on a sofa pillow . ace ( to sleep monkey ) quitter . wiggles jump up onto the coffee table now . Ace can not be bother with he . ace what do you want ? huh ? wiggles whine at the tone of Ace 's voice . ace ( cont 'd ) what ? I get no food for you . you gotta have money to buy food . I gotta find the dolphin to get the money . I do not see any dolphin around here , do you ? face it , it 's hopeless you master be a loser . Ace bury he face in he hand . his dog wiggles do the same . then Ace look up again . ace loo hoo suddenly he be silence by something amazing . wiggles ' dark haire floppy ear be lie around finkle 's picture like a wig . Ace comb the hair over the head shot . the " make - over " be unmistakable . it 's einhorn !! ace oh , my god ! that 's it ! he jump up , estatic . ace einhorn be finkle ! finkle be einhorn ! einhorn be a man !!! Ace 's expression quickly turn sour . ace oh my GOD !!! einhorn be a man !!! music up : aerosmith dud look like a lady Ace make a mad dash into the bathroom . int . ace' bathroom - morning - quick cut Ace furiously brushes he tooth . Ace rinse with mouthwash , spit it out and gag . Ace be in the shower . he slowly curl up into a ball under the steaming water with a expression of horror on he face . int . einhorn house - day close up : a woman 's leg be shave . woman sexily put on nylon . woman hand squeezing perfume bulb . woman 's hand put on afc championship ring . one stone be miss . ext . einhorn house - continuous Ace stick wad of gum in he mouth while he watch einhorn 's house from he car . ace ( remember ) you be gun be stick into my hip . yeeeekkkk ! einhorn come out she front door and get into she car . Ace shudder once more and then follow she . ext . miami STREET - day the road be jamme in one direction . go towards the Super bowl . einhorn drive in the opposite direction . out of town . Ace tail she at a safe distance , with he head out the window , of course . int . bobby riddle stadium - day various shot of crazy fan , pile into the stadium . int . stadium owner be BOX - day Melissa , bobby riddle , and guest all amidst the usual pre-game hobnob . most of the talk center on the loss of Marino . emilio , in full uniform , and a couple cop be provide extra security for the box . ext . highway one - day einhorn drive south out of town . the area 's get remote . Ace follow . einhorn turn down a desert road and come to ext . industrial plant - day a large , abandon industrial facility . einhorn park , disappear inside a few beat later , Ace kill the engine and exit sing the score to " Mission impossible " . int . industrial plant - day immense machine and swim pool size cauldron . Ace cautiously make he way through the desolate site , sing quietly now . he stop when he hear a familiar voice . JOHN madden ( o.s. ) I particularly like the match - up of the defense . Ace see a weird sight : a huge tv projection screen tune to the Super bowl pre-game show . Marino be tie to a football tackle sled . the two thug take turn run into Dan with they shoulder , drive he back five foot each time . JOHN madden ( on tv ) but the real story of this game be the absence of Dan Marino . him be kidnap and all have get to be a strain on this Miami team . I really feel sorry for that guy ! I mean , it 's hard enough endure the pressure of the Super bowl , without you star quarterback gettin ' himself kidnap . this be the whole ball of wax , folk ! you wanna ' get kidnap , you do it in the off season ! Marino look incredulously at the screen . next to he , snowflake " watch " from a ground level cistern serve as a ad hoc tank . Ace sneak closer . int . bobby riddle stadium - day the crowd quiet as jon bon jovi prepare to sing the National anthem . various shot of fan all stand at attention . in the owner box , Melissa look to emilio . nothing 's new . int . industrial plant - day einhorn be now in front of the big screen tv singing the National anthem along with bon jovi . the thug , vinnie and roc , be behind she stand at attention . the song end . the crowd cheer . in a sultry fashion einhorn circle Marino now . einhorn I just love Super bowl Sunday , do not you , Dan ? a magical afternoon where dream be make or crush ! dan look lady , if you want ticket , you be go about it in the wrong way . einhorn do I look familiar to you , Dan ? do it seem as if we have meet someplace before ? dan I do not know I get hit in the head a lot ! on the tv the ref make a announcement . ref it 's tail . the eagle will receive . Dan really struggle now . einhorn oops . look like we be go to have to kick , Dan . einhorn step behind a football set up on a tee . and in perfect sync with the kicker on tv , she boot a ball through a window of the warehouse . Marino do not know what to think . einhorn I make some refreshment , Dan . would you like some refreshment , Dan ? I will be right back , daaaan !! she go . Dan struggle , but to no avail . marino look , I do not know how much psycho woman be pay you guy , but I can double it . vinnie sorry , Danny boy . psycho woman keep we out of prison . vinnie grab a feeder fish and entice snowflake to the surface . roc raise a football . roc hey , Marino , check it out . I be throwin ' pass to a dolphin ! he chuck the ball and hit snowflake , hard . the thug both laugh hysterically . snowflake make a angry leap and drench the thug . snowflake laugh now , the thug be furious . vinnie get some more fish ! int . behind machinery - continuous roc walk behind a big piece of machinery , reach down for the pail of smelt , but see nothing . roc where the hell 's the smelt ? he stand up straight and we all hear that familiar " pop " of a sunflower seed be crack open . roc 's eye widen . he turn and see Ace coyly smile at he , blow the sunflower seed shell into he face and clang ! he whacks roc in the head with a pail full of fish . ace ( do brando ) he sleep with the fish . int . industrial plant - continuous vinnie hey roc , what the hell be that ? vinnie cock he gun and go to check out the sound . int . behind machinery - continuous vinnie round the corner and see nothing . he walk a little further and notice a trail of smelt line up on the ground . he follow the trail around a corner and we see roc , unconscious but moan . he be sit against the ground , with he leg spread apart and the pail over he head . the trail of smelt lead to he crotch . there be one halfway into he zipper , with its tail flipping . vinnie take in this sight , then rush over to roc and stand he up . vinnie hey man ! what happen ? what 's goin on ? we see Ace at the top of a giant machine . he be aim a 200 pound steel hook , that hang on a chain from the ceiling . ace guess what , boy , it 's nap time . Ace gently release the hook . just as vinnie and roc turn to look , the iron hook shear both of they head clean off . two headless body fall to the ground in slow motion with blood gush from they neck . close on ace - horrified ace hooooly shiiit ! oh my god ! I do not mean to - oh man !!! Ace hold he head and dance around , completely freaking out what he have do . ace ( look to God ) Lord , I swear ! I just want to knock they out ! Ace abruptly stop to think . ace be that murder ? I do not know . they be gonna kill I . but they do not but they try . that 's self defense . that 's it !! I have nothing to worry about !! CUT to : Ace nervously whistling as he wipe he fingerprint off the hook . int . ironworks factory - factory Ace check on snowflake then go to Marino . he signal for Dan to keep quiet , then start to untie he . marino ( whisper ) who be you ? ace ( whisper ) Ace ventura . Pet detective . I have be send in with a special play . ( whisper ) quarterback sneak . we hear the click of a gun . einhorn ( o.s. ) penalty . too many man on the field . Ace turn . einhorn 's hold a gun on they from the other side of snowflake 's tank . einhorn ( con 't ) I warn you , ventura . ace what happen to " Ace " ? einhorn good question . she pull out a cellular phone and dial . ace be careful with that phone , lieutenant . I would not want you to get a tumor . einhorn ( into phone ) sergeant aguado , it 's Lt. einhorn . get some man over to the old ironwork factory on Victoria Road . I have get the kidnapper trap in the warehouse . it 's Ace ventura . he 's kill Marino and snowflake . einhorn smile as she put the phone away . einhorn vinnie ! roc ! get in here ! Ace get a very guilty look . ace what ? who be they ? you mean there 's other people here ? ext . police station - day a battalion of cop car screech away as we hear radio dispatcher ( v.o. ) attention all unit . code 11 in progress at 343 victorville Road . Officer need back - up int . bobby riddle stadium owner be BOX - day the cop and emilio listen to they ear piece radio dispatcher ( v.o. ) suspect 's name : Ace ventura , male caucasian , he be armed and dangerous emilio nudge Melissa . emilio it 's Ace . let 's go . int . hallway - continuous emilio high tail it out of there . dodging concession stand patron , bathroom line , etc Melissa run behind , try to catch up . melissa emilio , be he in trouble ? emilio do not worry , there 's nothing Ace can not handle ! int . ironworks factory - day einhorn cock she gun . Ace 's face be glisten with tear . he 's a complete wreck . ace do not kill meeee !! pleeheeheeheeheeeezzz !!! I will never tell anyone ! I swear ! ( indicate Marino ) he 's the one you want !! kill he !! marino ( indicate Ace ) no kill he ! the two argue . einhorn fire a shot in the air to stop they . einhorn no , I be gonna kill the dolphin first . ( to Ace ) I would not want you to miss that . einhorn walk to the edge of the tank . she aim the gun at snowflake and fire ! we see the bullet miss snowflake under water . snowflake swim wildly . she fire again ! miss again . suddenly , Ace hollers ! ace Blue forty -two !! einhorn turn to Ace . einhorn shut up !! ace blue forty-two ! einhorn shoot at Ace ! he dive out of the way . ace hut ! hut ! suddenly , snowflake leap out of the water and take the gun out of einhorn 's hand , like the trick we see earlier . snowflake swim around the pool with the gun in he mouth . ace ( smug ) yes . the highly train dolphin . perhaps the smartest mammal in the animal kingdom . see how he know exactly what I want he to do , as if we mind be somehow in complete synchronization . they have be know to save man at sea you know . they have they own language . ( to snowflake ) snowflake . come here , snowflake ! bring I the gun ! ( make dolphin sound ) eeeeee ! eeeeee ! eeeeee ! just like the trick in he routine , however , snowflake swim around the tank , pass Ace , then hand the gun back to einhorn . he finish with a tail walk . ace ( under he breath ) stupid fish . on tv : Miami 's kicker boot a perfect field goal from fifty yard . JOHN madden he get all of he leg into that one ! the field goal kicker be hugge by he teammate . ace good to see someone who do not buckle under the pressure ? marino yeah , not like in 82 when we choke einhorn walk to Ace and put the gun against he head . einhorn what would you know about pressure ? ace well , I have kiss a man . JOHN madden ( on tv ) of course , there 's never be a more crucial kick than the famous kick hear ' round the world the famous footage air on tv . they all turn to watch . JOHN madden I mean , it 's clear to I that it be a good hold . finkle just boot it . einhorn the lace be not out . the lace weren't out !! einhorn take a shot at the screen , create a hole in madden 's forehead . Ace use the moment to smack the gun out of she hand . a huge , no-hold - barred fight ensue . Ace and einhorn punch each other about the face and stomach . einhorn throw a punch at Ace . Ace go down . einhorn go for the loose gun . Ace leap and tackle she . they both crash into old rusty equipment , raise a mountain of dust . Marino struggle all the while try to get free . einhorn kick Ace . he fly into Marino . marino have a little trouble with the lady , Ace ? ace ( out of breath ) you do not understand , she 's a '' einhorn grab Ace , throw he into a head lock and begin wail on he face . meanwhile , cop start arrive , swat team member disperse onto the catwalk as the fight continue . they try but can not get a bead on Ace as the two roll around on the floor . more punch . they fight up a flight of stair , then back down . to the amazement of the swat team , Ace and einhorn slug it out as equal . aguado ( catch up ) get he , lois ! now they crash through a plate glass window together . Ace get to he knee first and wobble toward the gun . it 's the first clear shot the swat team have have . einhorn ( scream ) shoot he ! shoot he ! we all hear the gun cocked . we see Ace in the rifle sight . we see finger twitch on triggers . a loud voice come from off camera . emilio don't shoot ! hold you FIRE ! Melissa be hold emilio 's gun under he chin . melissa put down you gun or this cop get it ! the swat team hesitates . melissa ( cont 'd ) I mean it !! much to emilio 's surprise , she cock the gun . emilio ( whisper to Melissa ) ah Melissa ? that 's a hair trigger . ( loud to cop ) she 's not joke ! the swat team leader signal he man . they lower they gun . einhorn get back to she foot . einhorn he kidnap snowflake . he kill Roger podacter , and he be about to kill Dan Marino and I ! ace Ho , ho ! fiction can be fun ! but I find the reference section much more enlighten . ( do he best clarence darrow ) for instance , if you be to look up ' professional football 's all time bonehead play ' , you might read about a Miami dolphin kicker name Ray finkle , who miss a twenty -six yard field goal in the close second of Super bowl seventeen . ( in one breath ) what you would not read about be how Ray finkle lose he mind , and be commit to a mental institute , only to escape and join the police force under the assume identity of a miss hker , seduce she way to the top , in a diabolical plan to get even with Dan Marino whom he blame for the entire thing !!! Ace gasp for air . everyone be totally confuse . aguado what the hell be you try to say ? ace she 's not lois einhorn ! she 's Ray finkle ! she 's a man ! einhorn he 's lie ! shoot he ! Ace walk over to she . ace let 's just see who 's lie . would a real woman have to wear one of this ? Ace dramatically pull at einhorn 's hair , think it 's a wig . einhorn 's head fly back . the hair be real . Ace keep tug it . the swat team ready themselves . ace ( cont 'd ) Boy , that 's really on there ! but tell I this : would a real woman be miss this ?! Ace rip open einhorn 's blouse , and reveal two beautiful feminine breast . the sharp shooter be tensing . Ace be laugh nervously now . ace ha , ha , ha ! that kind of surgery can be do over the weekend ! but I doubt if she could find the time during she busy schedule to get rid of Mr. knish !! Ace rip off einhorn 's skirt . einhorn now stand there fully nude . she appear to be the perfect figure of a woman . ace oooh boy . Ace look at Melissa and emilio and shrug he shoulder . then , just when it seem all be lose , Dan Marino who be back behind einhorn , motion for Ace to come over . marino psst Ace . come here . ace ( to everyone ) could you excuse I just a second . Ace go to Dan . Melissa still hold emilio hostage . einhorn shoot he . shoot he , now !! melissa ( to cop ) do not anybody make a move ! Marino whisper something in he ear . Ace look confident again . he once more address the crowd . ace lady and gentleman , my esteem colleague Mr. Marino , have just bring some new evidence to my attention . now , history have certainly show that even the most intuitive criminal mind can be wrong , from time to time . but , if I have be mistaken if the lieutenant be indeed a woman then my friend , she be suffer from the worst case of hemorrhoid I have ever see !!! Ace spin einhorn around now , expose to the world , the healthy set of male genetalia that finkle have learn to keep tuck between he leg . ( and if we have any ball , we will actually show it . ) everyone gasp . close up on einhorn / finkle . he finally drop the facade . finkle ( deep voice possible ) it be Marino 's fault . the lace be in . ( break down now ) they be in !!! Quick cut of all the cop spitting with disgust . then emilio spit . then close on Marino spitting . they all have kiss she / he / it. even snowflake blow he spout . Ace confidently crack a sunflower seed . ace somebody read it its rights . suddenly , finkle pick up a shard of break glass and lunge at Ace . finkle die animal boyyyyy !!! think fast Ace sidestep finkle and send he head first into snowflake 's makeshift tank . after a few second finkle fight he way to the surface and thrashes around , helplessly . finkle ( gasp for air ) help I can not swim !!! finkle go under again . we see he under water sink down . snowflake swim to he now , allow he to grab onto he fin and pull finkle gently to the side of the pool . finkle lie there exhaust . Ace reach down into frame , remove the ' 82 afc championship ring from finkle 's finger . we see that it 's the ring with the miss stone . Ace replace it with the stone in he pocket . it 's a perfect fit . ace llloooser ! lloo hoo serr herr herr !!! Melissa be still hold the gun on emilio . emilio Melissa you can give I back my gun now . Melissa have forget she even have the gun . she hand it to emilio and faint in he arm . now aguado appear beside Ace . aguado I do not know how you do it , ventura but that be damn good police work . alright guy , let 's wrap this up ! ext . highway - day twenty or more police car in single file provide more than ample escort for Ace and Marino in Ace 's chevy bel - aire with the crack windshield . both of they have they head stick out so that they can see . Marino have a wad of gum in he mouth . high angle the long line of flash light and cop car drive at top speed up Route one . Ace 's bel - aire right in the middle . marino ( o.s. ) hey Ace ? ace ( o.s. ) yeah , Dan ? marino ( o.s. ) get any more gum ? CUT to : int . stadium - day the Super bowl halftime show be in progress . Marino be in uniform warming up . emilio be drool at the cheerleader . Ace and Melissa be stand near the fifty yard line take in the awesome spectacle . some firework go off around the tank . a march band play a triumphant tune . we see a helicopter come up over the side of the stadium carry snowflake . announcer ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman , the Miami dolphin be proud to welcome back to bobby riddle Stadium , we beloved mascot and star of the halftime show angle on the helicopter lowering snowflake into he tank . announcer ( o.s. ) snowflake !! as the crowd roar , Melissa turn to Ace , and with snowflake in the background perform spectacular flip , they kiss . another angle as Melissa and Ace kiss , the prize ' White pigeon ' land on a gatorade dispenser in the foreground . Ace spot it and start to make a move . just as he close in for the grab , the Philadelphia eagle mascot eagle walk up to get a drink and shoos the pigeon away . Ace be furious . ace you idiot ! do you know what you have do ?! the giant eagle head look up at Ace . mascot huh ? Ace grab he . ace you just cost I ten thousand buck , polly ! mascot yeah blow I . ace ree hee hee heelyyy ?!!! pull back to find Eagle 's mascot and Ace argue . we can not hear what 's say , but there 's a lot of finger point . emilio stop he leer to check out what 's go on . the announcer up in the booth read a release . announcer the National football League would now like to offer a special thank you to the man who rescue Dan Marino and we beloved snowflake on the field the mascot shove Ace . Ace shove back . announcer ( cont 'd ) a great humanitarian , and lover of all animal Mr. Ace ventura ! Ace be straddle the eagle , pound the shit out of giant head . the image be flashed on the big stadium screen . we freeze frame on this huge picture of Ace , as he look into camera with he fist raise . music up : thrash metal roll credit the end ( loki note : my copy of this script have the bloody end of vinnie and roc physically cross out by three black marker line , presumably by the author . fortunately , they be cross out diagonally , so I could still type the scene out for all to enjoy . )