ad astra written by James Gray & ethan Gross rt feature 8/11/16 ad astra superimpose the legend : one hundre year from now . black . we tilt down to reveal : the earth , as viewed from above . we hear music : a cheerful piece , incongruous with the awesome image of we planet . CUT to : a news report on pbs . the introductory music accompany the logo for the Public Broadcasting system . ext . sky - day the bright blue sky of earth . then : the largest antenna we've ever see . a structure stretch inconceivably high in the sky , into the outer reach of the atmosphere - - around 100,000 foot in the air . a majestic lattice of multi-wire , high - voltage tether , studd with hardware . tower from earth , up through and above the cloud formation . over this , a upbeat voice : reporter' voice if this look to you like something out of one of you child 's comic book adventure , then you be not alone ! series of shot of the antenna under construction over which the reporter narrate : reporter 's voice ( cont ’d ) but child 's play it be not . this represent the beginning of a new era in celestial communication . it 's call the gravitational interferometer Space antenna , or '' gisa , '' to that of we who can not remember that mouthful . its goal ? series of shot of worker in what look like spacesuits . on scaffold , hang from wire , etc . over these image : reporter 's voice ( cont 'd ) to search throughout the universe for intelligent life . with the recent confirmation of so many planet capable of sustain life throughout the galaxy , gisa may finally prove , once and for all , that we be not alone . file footage of astronaut on spacewalk . reporter 's voice ( cont ’d ) the antenna will allow we to listen in , across the galaxy , through gravitational wave -- see as the ultimate mean of communication through space . now : footage of machine go this way and that , spin a lattice of tether . they be almost like spider on a web . or hydras , with cyclop - like bright light in they center . reporter 's voice ( cont ’d ) self-replicator be use for its construction . and it 's not just machine ; a select few highly - train folk from the Army Corps of Engineers will have to check every inch of the carbon fiber for flaw . it have prove one of the most demand job on Earth , but this man and woman be up to the task . engineer Major Roy McBride of Las cruce , New Mexico , say he 's not afraid of the challenge : image of four young men and two young women , seat on a sofa , in a nondescript office environment with a Army Corps of Engineers logo / graphic on a screen behind they . one of they be roy mcbride . Roy McBride : forty , handsome . his eye be light blue , seemingly friendly , but reveal little about the man himself . he be even -tempere , but one would not call he kind ; there be a icy quality to he . still , he be not overtly cruel or petty , and to talk to he , one could never question he intention or he integrity . Roy speak slowly , formally , deliberately , as though he do not want ever to repeat himself . he seem guard , sincere , precise , competent . his face be blank but prone to the occasional awkward joke , and that joke be make almost for self - amusement . he do not seem morose . in fact , he smile all the time , and he face often light up with little motivation . he speak with a very slight midwestern / western accent . think Neil armstrong . as he speak , on the screen appear the title '' maj. Roy c. McBride '' . roy mcbride the Army Corps of Engineers train we to deal with we fear . and this team here be real inspiring -- Lt. parsegian do a repair skywalk during a episode of pulmonary edema . now when you see something like that , you just wanna get up there and do it as good as she do . be part of that team . so we all feed on each other in that way . reporter' voice McBride be only the latest ina long line of aerospace pioneer . his father , note activist and educator H. clifford McBride , be part of a astronaut colony tragically lose in space eighteen year ago . it be clifford mcbride whom we be looking at . look somewhat like Bill Clinton in that old georgetown photo -- almost like a countercultural figure , a_ sharp contrast with Roy 's buttone - down appearance . angle back on roy : roy mcbride my dad be ... he be certainly a different kind of astronaut . he be a free-thinker . he go all the way to Neptune . it do not end up go the way he want , but he 's the reason I do what I do . I just think you can not worry too much about the past because you do not have control over it . so I look forward . and like I say , we have certainly get ourselves a helluva team here . reporter' voice ( cheerful again ) that team be always on the go . ( more ) reporter 's voice ( cont 'd ) in the cloud , it 's all about the work , and one get the sense that Roy would rather be leave alone to perform he duty than talk to this reporter : roy mcbride what I want ... be to serve , to do my job as good as I can , away from the spotlight . it 's real critical to maintain control and not to be vulnerable to outside factor . Roy flash that smile . reporter' voice with all of the risk , do you ever contemplate the larger meaning of what it be you be try to accomplish ? how we may be able , for example , to detect intelligent life out there , and find out what they might have to say to we ? roy mcbride no ... not really ... that 's not for I to comment on -- I do not consider that sort of thing . ( the smile return ) but ... I do thank you for you interest in the program , and we hope you continue support lead to we success . angle on roy as we : fade out . fade in : ext . gisa tether station — day the antenna stretch high into the sky . look like it 's almost do . int . gisa tether station - day we be inside a crowded , cramped place , where no attention be pay to aesthetics and a lot be pay to practicality . expose wire and computer and electronics . a circular logo of '' gisa '' ( the gravitational interferometer Space antenna ) . video monitor be everywhere , but so be sign of recreation : a ping - pong table , board game , card , etc be mix with more high - tech game equipment . hank william 's music be playing . it 's sort of like a party atmosphere here . close on : men and women smiling -- and look into the camera . waving , gesticulate , clap , egging we on . but we can not hear they ; we hear merely the hank Williams and the SOUND of whirring : a airpack , for a spacesuit of some kind . it be Roy 's point-of -view . he walk in a spacesuit and helmet , in he own world . a radio voice break in , over the hank Williams : radio ( os voice , radio filter ) let 's see , we get some score for ya , Roy ... it be auburn over Georgia tech , 35 - 16 ... Oklahoma 17 , syracuse 9 ... and San Diego State beat Oregon , 23-20 . smiling woman ( muffle ; through radio filter ) skywalk 714 ! you go , boy ! Roy wave , give the thumb up . then : int . pod aid by three man in white jumpsuit ( the back of which be stamp by corporate logo for raytheon ) , Roy be position inside a small compartment with a latch . to a jumpsuite man name sal : roy mcbride I guess there will not be too many more of this soon , huh sal . sal yes sir , almost do ! sal start punching something into a nearby computer . Roy reach around sal be ear , pull a golf ball from behind he ear . Roy tap sal , who smile at the quite nerdy trick , nodd -- he 's see it before . Roy grins widely . the steel door slide OPEN , and sal genuflect ... only now do we realize that we have be in a station float inconceivably high in the sky . not in space , certainly earthbound , but frighteningly high up -- higher than any aircraft we have ever be inside of . we move outside , above a small platform . ext . the bright blue atmosphere we be in the outer reach of the atmosphere -- around 100 thousand foot in the air . the ground far below be both blue , where the water be , and tawny , where the land be . the earth 's curvature be beginning to be apparent . the air be frigid and thin , and the environment hostile . but there be no doubt it be beautiful . we be not in space ; we be still connect to the earth , as Roy stand at the station 's exterior . we cannot see he face , which be shielded by he helmet 's dark visor . we go with Roy as he step out of the pod and walk onto -- ext . gisa platform Roy begins to climb down a SMALL ladder . hair -raising silence . Roy look up . the edge of space above . back down : roy mcbride ( radio filter ) the earth sure be beautiful today . as always ... as he move , we see , below he , the tether cord , never - ending , or so it seem . and , thousand of feet below roy , the earth . it pass below he feet , and it 's just the most spectacular vista . the cloud formation be like Van gogh 's '' Starry night , '' magnificent swirl , vibrant . between Roy and the ground be much air activity . about a dozen shuttle ( mostly unmanned ) crisscross below we , carry tether , buss , tether - deployment spool , and other building block for modular architecture . some tether be dozen of mile long . self-replicating machine , look like hydras make of graphene , maneuver up and down the antenna . with the shuttle below he , and satellite high above he , Roy be sandwich -- with a lot of space -- in between . the project be visually exciting , but for Roy , it 's business as usual . we hear static . and out of the static , roy 's radio filter voice : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) Control , I have establish visual with tether oh-niner- four-five . please confirm it be offline . over . control ( radio filter ) that 's affirmative , Roy . tether oh - niner - four- five be offline . roy mcbride Roger that . Roy float down perpendicularly alongside a several - mile - long , multi-wire structure . Roy appear small , like a ant on a tree . we hear he breathing ... he rappel down , rather gracefully . turn some kind of a wheel that allow two part of the tether to become attach . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) Control , I be ... close the loop now . over . a power surge have hit the tether . Roy be startled : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) ( some concern ) Control , I just experience some unusual power surge . they appear to be quite extreme . control ( radio filter ) ( alarmed , but completely under control ) uh , yeah Roy , we pick that up too . we -- we advise abort here , we uh , repeat - - we do advise abort . roy mcbride Control -- I have not yet complete my task --— suddenly : along the entire length of the tether to which Roy be attach , the buss 's activation light come on , one by one . ( the light be how we tell the structure be active . ) the hydra machine start up again ! Roy can see the tether be become active , section after section , at breakneck speed -- and he push himself away from it at the last second , just as it activate . he rebound against another , parallel ( active ! ) tether , be shocked , as he ricochet against it -- change direction -- and begin to spin out of control . he spin so very fast ... be he dead ...? but remarkably , he 's able to speak -- rather calmly , give the situation . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) ( through heavy breath ) Control -- as Roy continue to tumble , the radio in he helmet squawk away -- though never in a panicked tone : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) obviously a serious malfunction here -- I have lose balance , over . roy continue to spin , crazily , madly . violently . he barely avoid hit more tether ... roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) I be gonna try and level out as soon as this air thicken up . ( beat ) Control ? ( beat ) Control , do you read ? no answer . then , as he descend : roy stretch he arm and legs out . in the denser AIR , he stop the spin . at last , Roy straighten himself out . like a great skydiver . he pull the ripcord ... a parachute shoot out from the back of he suit and open with tremendous force , yanking he up and away from US . he rights himself and begin to float safely to the earth ... CUT to : ext . colorado mountain - plateau Roy sink to the surface . a wide shot as we see : score of people running to help he ... man 's voice ( pre - lap ) I must say , you seem to be in remarkably good shape , Major . int . hospital - colorado spring campus - night a row of hospital beds . Roy be sit up , on one of they . each seat / bed have a screen next to it . large window look out into the colorado wilderness . a pair of mo tech be here , do check on Roy . Roy sit alongside a window as they check he heart , lung , blood pressure , temperature , etc . Roy look out the window . Earth , dusk . beautiful , with cloud formation . he have trouble keep eye contact with the Medical officer . a man take roy' photograph . mo tech # 1 ( cont 'd ) how do you feel ? roy mcbride well ... my leave shoulder 's a little sore . it be likely hyperextend at some point during descent . mo tech # 1 ( cont ’d ) yeah , you get yank around pretty good . but you be in one piece . ( beat ) sad to say , some of you fellow engineer be not so fortunate . roy mcbride ( beat ) what 's that , sir ? mo tech # 1 we lose you support crew , on the wire -- and four hundred some odd more here on earth , too . be tragic . roy mcbride gee ... that 's real unfortunate . I be real sorry to hear that ... 10 . mo tech # 2 would you like the shade down , Major ? roy mcbride no , it 's okay . I like to observe the , the cloud pattern and the mountain . the Med tech hear this , nod , then type something into a small iPad - type device , except it unscroll . the camera tilt up the electronic document to see : '' mild autism '' . as the Med tech pack up , Med tech # 1 hold a earplug-sized item . mo tech # 1 ( hand Roy the earplug ) you might want to put this in you ear , sleep with it overnight . just to check for any head trauma . and try to stay put , if you can . roy mcbride yessir . I would like to be able to return to my work . mo tech # 1 [ if ] you head check out , you can be clear to go back as soon as tomorrow . roy mcbride okay . I have like that very much . give all that 's occur , they be probably pretty shorthand up there . mo tech # 1 ( stare for a beat ; then ) of course . try to rest . he pack up and leave . int . dormitory - later Roy be in bed , sit up in hospital white . a GREEN light and a buzz to he leave . he push a button . projected in front of he , a very advanced form of facetime be show : his mother . leanne mcbride . late sixty . seem older than she age ; she face be line , she mouth slightly downturned . 11 . she sees he , exploding with emotion . the sound be worse than the image , for some reason : leanne mcbride Roy ! tear flow forth from her : leanne mcbride ( cont 'd ) thank the good Lord ! I could not lose you up there too . you be all I have get ... roy mcbride hello , ma. I be all right . I be gonna go back to work soon . leanne mcbride I love you -- so much . I be just so sick with worry -- roy mcbride ( smile ) there 's no reason for any kind of concern . the fuss be unnecessary . leanne mcbride oh Lord ... I know you do not understand -- you can not . maybe someday you will ... I be sorry you be alone there ... roy mcbride it 's okay . ( beat ) I prefer it . leanne mcbride I love you , Roy . you will always be my little one . maybe I can see you for Thanksgiving ? roy mcbride it 's possible . Goodbye , ma. leanne mcbride Goodbye , darling . he push a button and it shut off the image ... dissolve to : 12 . int . dormitory - late night the room be dark . roy be prostrate , in bed , asleep . restless . we hear he pulse , he heart ... Roy 's eye OPEN , and he be cover in sweat . his eye widen -- like he 's seeing a ghost . awake , he have a vision . flashing : a image appear to he , and to we : the strike eye and most of the face of a young boy . he seem around 8 year - old , look off - screen at something . he 's smile and blink , in extreme , step - printed , slow motion . but the image be very unclear . it 's blurry , almost like a reclaim moment from the Zapruder footage . wider shot -- again , extreme slow motion . a SMALL boy ( probably the same person as the one in the previous image ) run across what might be a wet , cobble - stone street , on a cloudy day . this time : a girl , a older girl , be joining he . the image be haunt . the final image : strike , mainly because it 's so odd . a medium shot of what look like a medieval castle ( !) iron gate , coming down , in the same extreme , step - printed , slow motion as in the other image . roy 's breathing become labored . close shot on roy as he then look out the window . his panic abate somewhat , he allow he head to rest back , on the pillow . his eye dart back and forth , look out to the ceiling -- and to the heaven ... fade out . CUT in : int . hallway —- morning a young woman in army fatigue come down a hallway . int . dormitory she approach roy , who be dress and sit up . go through a '' Scientific american '' on-screen magazine . 13 . young woman in army fatigue Morning , Major . I be here to take you to spacecom Control . for debrief . be that okay ? roy mcbride course , ma’am . int . fort carson - control CENTER - morning it 's the center of the base . a big '' usspacecom '' sign . Roy be be escort by the woman . a restaurant , a souvenir stand . muzak play softly . families be here , excited . there be a tourism board desk ( a sign read , '' ready to meet a alien ? go to space ! '' ) . a large alien character , mean to appeal to child , grace the paint board : '' Andy the alien '' . two young child get they photo taken in ill-fitting army spacesuit in front of a powder - blue backdrop . int . fort carson - control CENTER - corridor Roy be lead down a long , wind corridor until he reach a close door . young woman in army fatigue would you like anything to eat or drink , Major ? roy mcbride ( friendly smile ) no , thank you . the food 's real good in the dorm . young woman in army fatigue that 's wonderful to hear . we bring in a new caterer last month and I think it 's get a lot better . and a latch open : int . fort carson - control CENTER - usspacecom headquarters this be usspacecom 's covert op headquarters . present be five of Roy 's superior . he salutes they , mumble cordial '' hellos '' . 14 . they be : brigadier general fallon , lieutenant general sharpe , colonel epinger , and a woman , adjutant general amelia vogel , who refer to a pda - type device . among the other here be a older man , seat silently in the corner . observe . his name , we will learn , be dr . martin pedrosa . more on he later . brigadier general fallon Major , I be brigadier General fallon . this be Lieutenant General sharpe , director of spacecom special Operations . and adjutant General Vogel . roy mcbride ( nod ; then ) sirs. ma ’am . the door be close behind they . actually , more sealed than close . fallon motion for Roy to sit , and he do as well . as the other sit around he , he 's look at a file : brigadier general fallon please -- sit down . you profile 's certainly very interesting . you have do exceptionally well on the assessment test . say here -- you have get a near-photographic memory . Basic combat ... space training , too -- just exceptional , ' cross the board . roy mcbride ( subtly prideful ) thank you , sir . brigadier general fallon ( look up from dossier ) you pulse 's never go above 80 during any spacewalk or skywalk ? even on this most recent fall ? that true ? roy mcbride it 's what we be train for , sir . I can not take any personal credit for that . lieutenant general sharpe you know Major , generally we look for people like you , people who will not let emotion or fear get in the way of a task . ( more ) 15 . lieutenant general sharpe ( cont 'd ) people who might be call '' on the spectrum , '' if you will . I do say that with respect . ( beat ) so you must not be surprised that we have reach out to you . roy mcbride no , sir ... I expect a debrief on account of the accident . ( beat ) I be surprised that ops be handle it , but it 's certainly not a problem of any kind . brigadier general fallon well , we have travel a long way to see you here today . and it be not a coincidence . the full - wall video screen behind Roy play real - time image of Fort carson . Lieutenant General sharpe consult he pda device . fallon stare at Roy for a moment , then : adjutant general vogel General , we be ready . lieutenant general sharpe ( nod ; then back to Roy ) Major , this be not about you accident -- at least , not directly . ( beat ) we have ... something of a highly classified nature to show you . on the wall - screen , a video begin to play . look like outer space . through a telescope . no star or anything visible . until , tiny on the screen , a blue dot . but not the pale blue dot of Earth . CUT to : closer shot . we see that this be the magical , mysterious blue of : neptune . lieutenant general sharpe ( cont ’d ) that be the planet Neptune you be look at , obviously . image from the shun-barcelli telescope . two day ago . this distant planet be almost all blue , with none of the organic brown of Earth . 16 . it 's like a shiny marble jewel , its sheen a uniform hypnotic ultramarine , except for a few darker streak and a few white smudge of elongate cloud . unearthly , that 's for sure . then , we vantage point move , and we CUT closer , longer focal length . we find we view of Neptune momentarily obscure by a faint , partial ring of dust and ice . a arc of white . and then , a oblong object come into view between we and Neptune . larissa . lieutenant general sharpe ( cont ’d ) this be one of Neptune 's close moon , larissa . the small moon be dark against the eighth planet , exhibit a mild , azure glow , perhaps the reflection of the color of Neptune . it 's heavily crater . we gradually perceive that something odd be go on : lieutenant general sharpe ( cont ’d ) the degradation begin here . follow by -- the peaceful blue diorama be suddenly invade by a faint greenish blush that start small as a pinprick and grow slowly larger . all be not right with larissa . its blue complexion be overcome by a green blemish which spread outward and seem to utterly transform the moon 's very substance , crack and fissure it ... lieutenant general sharpe ( cont ’d ) catastrophic destruction . the moon formerly know as larissa become a color that alternate between dark green ... and dark yellow ... and black ... and then ... it explode . in deafening silence . rock and dust scatter in every direction , as gravity fail to hold together the transformed matter , which now glow green and yellow . close on roy 's eye . then we linger on this unsettle scenario , until we return we focus to the unblink blue eye that be Neptune ... 17. lieutenant general sharpe ( cont ’d ) that event be most likely the cause of the fluctuation we experience here , on earth . the one that almost kill you . and cause many other disaster on the ground as well . roy mcbride ( nod ) I would surely like to know what cause that , sir . the light come up . beat . colonel epinger Major , what do you know about the lima Project ? a turn . Roy freeze for a slightly perceptible millisecond : roy mcbride it be a research expedition to Neptune , sir . from twenty -- I be sorry , twenty - one -- year ago . colonel epinger mmm-hmm . anything else ? roy mcbride its objective be to construct a telescope in order to search for sign of extraterrestrial life . my father be director . ( beat ) all crew be lose . as everyone take note , adjutant General Vogel slide e- photo to roy . they be of he father , H. clifford mcbride : colonel epinger do you remember how he departure affect you ? it be a one - way mission , be it not ? roy mcbride it be , sir . but the family be not tell he absence would be permanent . he say at the time only that it be top national priority to gain knowledge of extraterrestrial life . 18 . colonel epinger and how do you handle that ? roy mcbride my , my mother have often express she devastation by he abandonment . ( beat ) it 's the consensus that he departure be unforgivable . Roy let loose a small laugh ( ! ) . a awkward beat . he sober : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) Sir , if you be try to test my loyalty or fitness here , it 's not necessary . I assure you , I be in no_ need of any kind of support in this manner . I do accept my father 's mental illness . and I acknowledge it lead to the mission failure . the other look at each other . colonel epinger Roy , we have something that might come as quite a shock to you . ( beat ) we have intercept secret communication send to Neptune , we believe from Mars . they lead we to conclude that you father and other from the Project be still alive and for reason we do not understand , appear to be conduct some extremely dangerous experiment . about which we be deeply , deeply , concerned . adjutant general vogel the last intercept communication reveal discovery on Neptune of large quantity of antimatter , Major . enough when harness to destroy the entire solar system . Roy be blown away ; that slight smile disappear . a darkness overcome he countenance , and he turn inward . colonel epinger Major ? 19 . roy mcbride ( finally ; clear throat ) my father be ... alive , sir ? lieutenant general sharpe we believe so . the lima Project 's a.i. be still online , and as you know , this would indicate crew have survive . we must ensure they can do no further harm . as such , you relationship to he be potentially invaluable to we . roy mcbride yes sir ... lieutenant general sharpe we would like you to try and contact whoever be communicate with the lima Project . we have determine that the signal be come from Mars . presumably , any message send there would ultimately reach you father , on Neptune . we have try already without success . it 's a bit of a hail Mary ... but we have like you to give it a shot , find out he location and any other information you can gather . ( beat ) you ’1ll have to go to a secure spot on the moon , of course - - for a quantum connection that can not be hack . roy mcbride Sir , in the event that contact be make , you will then ... attempt to apprehend he and bring he to justice ? lieutenant general sharpe that be we intention , yes . can we count on you participation ? ( beat ) Roy ? roy mcbride well sir , I - - I be just try to understand -- brigadier general fallon Major , have you not be listening ? ! ? ( more ) 20 . brigadier general fallon ( cont 'd ) you father have threaten the destruction of we entire solar system . do that not mean anything to you ?!? roy mcbride yessir . it surely do . beat . dr . pedrosa ( 0.c. ) Roy , I be Dr. joao pedrosa . about to answer , Roy turn . at that moment , the old man off to the side , Dr. pedrosa . he speak with a much kinder tone : dr . pedrosa ( cont ’d ) I be currently Commander of spacecom lunar operation , at tycho . I know you father very well -- we study neuroscience together , at purdue University . he be a very brilliant man - - a true legend in the department . he look at thing he own way and contemplate vast concept . so I can understand well he struggle -- because keep sanity in the face of the infinite can be a monumental challenge . pedrosa get up , approach : dr . pedrosa ( cont ’d ) like you , I be skeptical of he survival . but after review the Neptune transmission , I be now convinced of they authenticity . of course under usual circumstance , you would want no part of this . but if he be truly alive , we do not dare lose he twice . will you help we try to find he ? angle on roy . Roy look down again , at the screen . it 's a electronic dossier . ( like a old - fashioned bank file , that open , but its papery surface be capable of display digital information . such as photo , map , graph , etc . ) they push the file gently toward roy . he see he father 's image in a photograph . he stare at it . Roy look back up at the man : 21 . roy mcbride I will , sir . brigadier general fallon you depart for the moon in twenty - four hour . adjutant General Vogel slip he a black leather folder : adjutant general amelia vogel all non-relevant information have be redact . please familiarize yourself with its content ... the sound fade out as we : CUT to : int . prep room a small , bright room dedicated to prepare for space travel . what look like black leather eame chair , case , man and woman in white pants and shirt help astronaut get ready . Roy be be fitte with he suit . Roy slide open a kind of foldable iPad and place earbuds into he ear . we hear a radio voice : radio voice Slate one-niner - four . transmission lima Project , 7/19/15 . Voice of H. clifford McBride . he be listen to a file . we hear , with radio filter : H. clifford mcbride ( v.o. ) ( tone : banal , scientific ) we be come to you now from we base of operation for the lima Project . and we be go to send you image in a bit from we new ocular telescope . sponsor by we good friend at brookhaven solar . over this : roy 's Pov as : man and woman prepare for spaceflight , finish they attire - - as Roy listen , a image of clifford mcbride come up on he screen . it be like a skype call go wrong ; the image be high - quality , but the feed be poor , vacillate between a still frame of clifford McBride and a sped - up image . the audio be constant . 22 . H. clifford mcbride ( v.o. ) now that we believe there be microorganisms on many extrasolar planet , and so many goldilocks planet perfect for life , we ask the question , '' how soon will it be before we find intelligent life in the universe ? '' roy' screen now feature image of space , then neptune 's moons and neptune surface as the audio continue : H. clifford mcbride ( cont ’d ) we be so excited about this prospect . and who really know if we have not be contact already ? who know if we cosmic friend have not try to reach we through gravitational wave , or some other method we can not fathom ? we might be cockroach walk along a chessboard , not know about the great game of chess ! now --i ... ama little surprised we do not have anything yet . [ surprise by ] the silence . but -- I have confidence . so ... thank you , brookhaven solar ! we have many -- the screen goe black . '' portion redacted . '' a man in white pant and shirt then check with Roy . Roy close the screen . refer to he suit : man in white pant and shirt how 's that , Major ? not too snug ? roy mcbride no , it 's fine , thank you . man in white pant and shirt the pre-breathe for the moon should take about fifteen minute . roy mcbride thank you . the man place a breathing apparatus over Roy 's mouth and nose . he move to another passenger . 23 . int . galley Roy ascend the narrow scaffold , with pedrosa right behind . it 's oddly primitive ; the way to the shuttle entrance be a fifty - foot stepladder which go straight up to where the lunar shuttle await , nose - up . harrow climb for most of we , but there be several people on this ladder , look surprisingly businesslike and quotidian . a voice through a loudspeaker : loudspeaker voice please use the safety strap for you wrist as you ascend . you will find they locate on the rail on either side . int . lunar shuttle Roy and pedrosa , on the shuttle . both man look into a small scanner on the side , near the seat , while step on a degaussing pad . then : voice degauss complete . the craft seem to be part of a consortium between the Army and a Southwest Airlines - type company . a hi-tech space . Little attempt at aesthetics -- most everything be there for practicality , functionality . banal . a dozen or so passengers be aboard . Roy find he seat and snap together he restraint . announcement be make in English and then in mandarin and Spanish by a male flight attendant . another flight attendant ( a stout , warm woman ) be give everybody pill and whisper into certain passenger 's ear . then , aloud , a recording voice : flight voice as we exit the earth 's gravitational field , please remember : object will float if not properly store or secure . male flight attendant guy -- we rear passenger attendant , Michelle grierson , be ... married today , everybody ! give her a hand ! 24 . the passenger applaud as roy strain to see this Michelle person behind he . ext . earth - high angle the shuttle take off and begin its ascent to the moon . int . lunar shuttle - later at the moment when gravity be go , thing begin to float -- stray pen , paper , etc . Roy of course have follow the rule , but he neighbor , of indian nationality and middle - age and burly , laugh at he own ineptitude as he thing start to float away from he . Roy scan the screen in the seat in front of he : map of the lunar surface . close shot on he eye as he processes the contour of the moon 's various crater and other area . the Flight attendant hand out package of nut . the pilot make a announcement : shuttle pilot' voice on the leave there , many of you can catch a excellent view of petavius on the eastern limb . the moon 's gibbous period 's wane , so you can also see the atlas , to the north . Roy look out the window , sees the landmark . but also light , sign of mining and human development / habitation . tracks and angular pattern . snap Roy out of he observe , with a accented voice : a voice you first time to the moon ? Roy turn around . it 's he neighbor , across the aisle . the neighbor be of indian descent . roy mcbride no , sir . I have be a couple time before , as a child . indian neighbor ( try to make conversation ) a child ! well , it 's my first time ! ( laugh awkwardly ; then ) there 's some good new restaurant I read , though . ( more ) 25 . indian neighbor ( cont 'd ) I be stay near copernicus - — - they tell I that 's safe . how about you ? roy mcbride my visit will be very brief . indian neighbor oh ... I be in artificial intelligence . ( with enthusiasm ; want to talk ) it 's a very strange thing , you know , that we have so much technology and we keep all we system without any real awareness . I understand why , but it 's ... it 's strange , no ? roy mcbride ( that gentle smile again ) Sir -- I would really love to talk to you , but I be afraid I be just not allow . I be real sorry . indian neighbor okay . okay , no problem ! the neighbor act like he 's not offended . but he be . the Flight attendant then make she way down the aisle and guide herself via a series of hoop and webbing overhead . she check to make sure everyone be fastened and happy . she be hand out pill . Roy take a pill and sip a drink she hand he from a straw . shuttle pilot 's voice ( perfunctory ) as we begin we approach : in accordance with fasa regulation , we must remind you that many area of the moon be in a state of extreme lawlessness . the United States government do not recommend travel to certain district -- please check you nearest usspacecom outpost for a complete list . thank you and safe travel . Roy secure himself as the flight attendant hand out a custom form card to fill out . she hand the neighbor a stylus : 26 . flight attendant ( with a laugh ) do not steal my pen ! Roy look out the window to see : as the craft get closer to the surface : lot of satellite of vary size . a tether - type system that may remind we of the gisa . mining site , greenhouse , space junk , depot , and live quarter that look like they could be housing complex in Boulder , Colorado . there be also house of worship : a large church with a open roof ( center by a giant cross ) . lit sign announce chain we recognize : McDonald 's , dunkin ' donut , etc . mag -lev train link together various basis and neighborhood , at extreme velocity . ext . moon - lunar base the ship adjust its gyropscope and turn over ( e.g. in elon musk 's rocket design ) , make a gentle landing near the army 's tycho base . the base be heavily guard . int . lunar hangar the underground look almost like New York 's Penn Station , combine with a enormous parking garage and the most banal of airport . the shuttle move into position , closer to a entrance . int . lunar hangar —- corridor Dr. pedrosa lead Roy through the corridor , which be , weirdly , wood -panel . or be it fake wood ? there be four men and two women who come from the opposite direction , all talk amongst themselves . when Roy and pedrosa walk toward they , they stop talk . dog roam about , smell they and they belonging . pedrosa move to talk to some of the man and woman . Roy face brighten at the sight of a dog : roy mcbride ( to the dog , warmly ) hey ! how you doin’ there , big fella ? 27 . dr . pedrosa this be Major Roy McBride . as you know , he be here to help we . everyone ( to Roy ) good morning , Major . roy mcbride ( look up from the dog ) ' Morning . a woman , leslie cortez , fifty , step forward . a man stand near , hold a piece of equipment that look like a small ekg machine . leslie cortez we have keep a spot for you in the dormitory . a overnight stay will be necessary . roy mcbride yes , ma ’am . but I be just here to do what I need to . I have my duty on the antenna , and they 'il probably be need I soon . leslie cortez of course ... cortez lead Roy with she hand as we hear : man 's voice ( pre - lap ) uplink should be ready to go in just a moment . int . lunar base —- communications CENTER - later Roy and the other be in what look like a recording studio . a glass of water before he . Roy be seat . don a headset . technician one ( cont 'd ) we be prepare the connection now . outside the booth , two technician make adjustment . Roy look at a monitor before he , which give he cue , as well as technical info regard high - rate pulse-position modulation and error-correcting code . a red light go on . Dr. pedrosa approach : 28. dr . pedrosa whatever you say into this microphone will be transmit to Mars , and then hopefully on to Neptune . the first step be to try to make contact . and then perhaps a negotiation of some kind . roy mcbride yessir . interrupt : the control booth chime in : technician one point-to-point contact with the Mars signal be now engage . through the squawk box , Major . roy mcbride Roger that . dr . pedrosa depress the button in order to speak . remember , you father may be listen . roy mcbride Sir ... what -- what precisely be it that you have like I to say , in order for we to achieve optimal result ? Dr. pedrosa take out a piece of paper : dr . pedrosa we have assemble a text for you , one that we believe be appropriate for elicite a response . it be write use language consistent with you own , utilize data from you profile . Roy take the piece of paper . he look it over . weak joke , but a broad smile nonetheless : roy mcbride maybe I should have take act class ! okay ... here go ... Roy move to depress the button . flick on the mic . begins to speak : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) this be Major Roy McBride , I be currently on tycho base . ( more ) 29 . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) repeat . this be Major Roy McBride . I be currently on tycho base . on the monitor : as he speak , there 's a voice print analysis . close on roy . Roy 's emotion be deeply bury as he read the prepare script : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) Dr. McBride ... it 's you son , roy. ( beat ) Prior to this message , I believe you be dead . we family be inform of this approximately two decade ago . we be tell the stress of deep space have alter you behavior . and ... as a result , US spacecom be force to terminate you life support system . however , spacecom now believe you have survive . and attempt contact , without revealing yourself due to fear of hack . if this be true , I be very much look forward to hearing from you . I have always feel that it 's very important to have a true bond between father and son . we could have this bond . I do recall we would watch motion picture together , very old one in black and white -- funny one . and I remember you laugh even more than you face . I would like very much to reconnect with you . I will surely be able to move past any feeling of abandonment you departure present I with . you loving son , Roy . beat . nothing . this word have unlock something in Roy . he flick off the mic , stand . any warmth desert he : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) hopefully that achieve the desire result . the prepare speech be lit on FIRE by a man , its ash place in a wastebasket . 30 . dr . pedrosa any transmission will take approximately 36 minute , due to the distance . so we must wait . int . hall - later Roy be stand outside , look out the large window . outside : a nearby sign with a neon cowboy , pumping a '' thumb up '' gesture -- just like the famous neon cowboy from Las Vegas 's fremont Ave . pedrosa emerge from the Communications Center . a grim look : dr . pedrosa there be no response . thank you for you participation . you will be return to the earth tomorrow morning . roy mcbride I understand . thank you , sir . sorry I be not of more help . the man shake hand . dissolve to : int . lunar base —- barracks - roy 's room - later the room 's almost like a economy room in a hotel . with the exception be that , out the window , hang Earth . the camera dolly over to see : a half - eat meal on a tray . Roy sit , near a speaker : roy mcbride confirm --shuttle 4339 , moon to earth , reservation number eh77902 . last name , McBride . voice reservation confirm , McBride , Roy c. number eh77902 . he hang up . a beat . a tv screen be seamlessly embed into a wall . some programming ( news ... sport .... something animated ... ) . 31 . the programming form a low level of constant noise . and then : the screen change --completely black . silence . a beat . Roy look up . a light , static noise . fading in be the sound of : a man singing : '' hello , I must be go . / I can not stay , / I come to say / I must be go . / I be glad I come / but just the same / I must be go ... " Roy look at the screen as groucho marx appear . groucho resume sing after Margaret dumont 's part : " I will stay a week or two , / I will stay the summer through , / but I be tell you , / I must be go . " beep ! the screen goe black . silence . then text , on the screen : '' bre you coming ? '' a series of number at the bottom of the screen . close shot : roy 's eye . then we see that the screen goe black . we hear : roy mcbride ( pre - lap ) they appear to be coordinate of some kind , sir . int . lunar base - conference room - later Roy stand as Dr. pedrosa and two men and leslie cortez sit around a conference table , with looseleaf binder in front of they . moon photograph , illuminate from behind , line the wall . chair all around . coffee . Roy be reluctant as he stand at attention . he stare straight ahead , no eye contact . the other seem stunned into silence . roy mcbride I believe the proper first step would be to get I to Mars , to the specify coordinate . I would of course be willing , in order to help resolve this crisis . 32 . leslie cortez we be very grateful to you for you service , Major . we will analyze the information you receive . but you may return to Colorado now . roy mcbride no ma‘am , I be sorry , but I do feel I should continue to aid the mission . my father be the individual at issue here . and under the circumstance I feel I should remain involved in order to bring he appropriately to justice . dr . pedrosa ( lean forward ) a personal connection be a unknown variable and represent serious risk . roy mcbride yes sir . however , the task itself inherently involve risk , especially as it appear you will not have multiple chance . and if it really be my father who be try to reengage , obviously I would be anxious to confront he . but I be also consider the task itself , and not merely my personal view . none of they answer . Roy step forward : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) a situation may arise that only I be able to respond to . ( beat ) so for this reason , I believe I should be part of any continue mission . pedrosa can tell that Roy 's serious , determine . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) sir ? ma ’am ? do I have you permission to continue on in this manner ? 33 . angle on pedrosa as we : CUT to : int . lunar base - mazelike corridor security men all surround roy , like he 's the President . a Pov shot of roy as he walk toward : at the end of the corridor be Dr. pedrosa . over this : dr . pedrosa ( v.o. ) you will travel on a United States military craft already designate for Mars . it contain a payload of a classified but routine nature , and the crew will know of you only as a passenger - - a higher - rank officer make a visitation to the outpost . it will depart from outside standard surveillance , on the Far side of the moon . as you participation be unanticipate , the path from we current point will take we through only recently - settle territory . we will be escort by the United States Army 's Space division . and I will protect you as far as I be able . int . medical unit Roy be sit up on a medical table . we still hear dr . pedrosa 's voice . a medic approach roy . close shot on a injection into roy 's arm . dr . pedrosa ( v.o. ) member of the crew be select on the basis of skill and limited social need , and as such should be no impediment . CUT back to : int . corridor Dr. pedrosa and Roy board a monorail . as they do , we hear : dr . pedrosa ( v.o. ) you will be contact by a Colonel lipset once you reach Mars . ( more ) 34 . dr . pedrosa ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he will assist you as you attempt to communicate with you father . you stress level will be monitor at all time . if psychological failure be indicate , you will be remove from the mission . this be necessary due to you relationship with the target . roy mcbride ( v.o. ) my focus be entirely on achieve a proper resolution , sir . you need not be concerned . he be emotionally unfit , and I be not . they stop at a gate . int . large hangar several lunar rover be line up , in the distance . they be not slow , lumbering thing , however ; they be durable and tough and fast and fill with artillery . the rover whir and whine with ferocity , they engine warming up and get ready for the trip ahead . Roy and pedrosa enter , join a host of military astronaut . one of they , a cheerful , burly man name willy levant , late forty , pull up a interactive 3d map . it show the lunar territories in incredible detail . Roy listen intently as levant check he clipboard . willy levant should be fine , but ... we be gonna be go through what be still technically a war zone . ( look up , with a laugh ) here we be , mean to tame the solar system , and instead seem like we have just bring we chaos . this you first time ? roy mcbride ( broad smile ) no , sir . I have be to many Army - navy game . willy levant ( turn dark ) this be serious business , Major . there 's no real way to know how any man will react in combat . it 's always a surprise . ( more ) 35 . willy levant ( cont 'd ) ( louder ; to everyone ) -- almost a full moon . the Far side 's gonna be real black . fortunately we should have a clean route from here to veda . we have have a little problem since September with mining pirate , look for helium - 3 . but we boy do a heckuva job and sweep it all up a few day ago . Roy notice that pedrosa be fiddling with the crucifix around he neck . pedrosa sees Roy look at he . dr . pedrosa you wish to join we , Roy ? fora prayer ? roy mcbride ( quietly ; without any condescension ) no thank you , sir . it 's be my experience that prayer do not affect outcome . pedrosa eye Roy for a moment , nod , then start to pray with levant and the other as Roy prepare he suit . dr . pedrosa almighty and merciful God , who hast commission thy angel to guide and protect we , command they to be we companion from we set out until we return ... moment later Roy and the other -- in full spacesuits -- board a soupe - up and unenclose lunar roving vehicle ( lrv ) . int . lrv this rover be cramped . pedrosa have a smaller version of he mapp computer in front of he and he be next to levant . levant be drive , and he make a final consultation of the route . on the top of the windshield : photo of nude women . like old playboy centerfold ... Roy be in the back seat : 36 . willy levant arright , let 's go . veda , Sea of moscoviensis . radio voice you should be clear to veda , over . willy levant autodrive engage . ext . lunar base the lrv depart , burst forward with ferocity . note : all dialog in this sequence will have a '' radio filter " effect unless otherwise note . int . / ext . lrv - moving levant be look around with hi-tech binoculars . Roy be hunch back , right behind he , watch and listen : willy levant setting two-niner -oh . the lrv traverse the lunar surface . occasionally , the lunar dust kick up , obscure we vision . the SUN be shining , and yet the sky be jet-black . Roy turn back as the base recede into the distance . the earth be in the sky ! pedrosa point to it , then down to the surface , for roy . a tall obelisk , make of steel , in the lunar dirt , near the legs of the lunar module : dr . pedrosa [ that be ] tranquillity base monument . roy mcbride surely be a magnificent sight . series of shot of lunar surface . ext . the moon - moment later a caravan of about ten black , armor -plated rover that we will call the Russian name of lunokhods appear on the horizon , come toward we guy . the lunokhod be drive by mysterious astronaut in dark blue spacesuits and helmet with mirrore visor . 37 . willy levant ( surprised ) what the fuck be this ...? ( to radio ) Alpha , what do we get here ? ( to radio ) Alpha , we have what look like between ten and twelve mining lunokhod approach we position . radio voice Roger that , willy . we will see if they be certified , over . willy levant I be sorry , gentleman . they say they would clear this zone out . I be sure we will be on we way in just a minute . as they approach , levant look through binoculars . he darken considerably . willy levant ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) uh ... Alpha ... we may have some problem . ( beat ; more heat ) they appear to be armed . possibly with stilettos . backup request . Roy steel himself . the lunokhod be close in on we lrv . willy levant ( cont 'd ) Alpha , they be definitely assume hostile formation -- ( to computer ) engage manual operation . roy brace himself . Dr. pedrosa turn around , point to a BOX next to Roy 's feet . Roy open the box : weapon . grenade and a gun which look almost like a rocket launcher . ( the blue astronaut in the lunokhod brandish a weapon call a stiletto -- a electromagnet - propel jet of liquid metal resembling a solid bar of light . ) ( visual note : lunar dust periodically obscure the vision . ) 38 . ext . the moon - the promenade do luna the lrv turn onto a route that run adjacent to a power plant . the lunokhod open fire on we lrv : willy levant ( to radio ) Alpha , we be now take fire ! we need backup asap ! int . lrv everyone bounce forward in they seat , restrain by they seatbelt . roy arm himself . ahead of they , he sees three possible ramp : one to the right , one to the center , and one to the leave . a fork in the road -- the leave side of the fork be close off , block by a barricade . the lrv be head right for it . at the last second , levant jerk the rover to the right . the lunokhod 's driver can not react in time . slam into the barricade . the blue astronaut be hurl from he lunokhod , crash through the windshield , fly through the air . the lunokhod flip over and over -- no air resistance , so it seem like it will not stop ... levant struggle to control the rover , which be in a major spin . int . / ext . lrv - moving our lrv stop spinning . restarting , they take the leave . a bullet / SMALL rocket hit the back windshield , which crack slightly . the lunokhod be out of view now , but they be out there . a radio voice pipe in : radio voice colonel , we do confirm you 're facing pirate activity . be you all clear now , over ? Roy be looking behind he : 39 . roy mcbride there be at least two behind we -- willy levant ( to radio ) that 's a negative , Hawk . they be still out there , behind we at 140 and 220 degree . Roy lean out . his jaw jutting forward just a bit , he seem anxious to do damage , a strangely violent coldness come through here . he reach down , take out a weapon . roy mcbride ( under he breath ; to no one ) I will handle this ... he aim he weapon at the horizon . then it appear . it come closer and closer ! the lunokhod be almost upon they -- he fire he weapon . a explosion . another lunokhod appear on the horizon . gain on they . roy aim , fire again . another puff of dust . willy levant ( surprised ) excellent shot , Major ! excellent ! roy mcbride thank you , Colonel . a darkness overtake US . it be permanent night : the far side of the moon . ext . the moon - far side we now reach the Far side ( i.e. the side always face away from Earth ) and be weaving amongst chinese thermonuclear reactor . enormous light switch on in front of the rover . willy levant ( into radio ) spacecom , we have just enter the Far side . we need a push in 2500 click ! 240 degree , 58 second ! roy look over to pedrosa . angle on pedrosa , from roy 's Pov . he be slumped for a beat ! he sit back up ... 40 . ext . the moon - far side - road multiple spaceship descend and drop ordinance . '' Daisy cutter '' - esque moab do they thing . it 's gruesome , spectacular , and Roy spot it look behind he . it 's a ferocious scene , vicious and unforgive , make all the more bizarre by the utter lack of SOUND . the silence and carnage be astonish . the explosion be beautiful and ferocious . the sky 's light up for mile . moonbase veda be just ahead -- it 's build over a massive crater and be underneath a dome . willy levant we be approach veda now , Major . ( beat ) godspeed to you , gentleman . pedrosa salute . levant and the rest of the crew depart , unsentimentally , leave behind dr . pedrosa and two faceless astronaut to accompany roy . ext . the flattened lunar landscape Roy disembark from the lrv , flanke by the faceless and pedrosa . pedrosa and the two men bound down the side of the crater , with Roy . they reach the bottom , a launch pad for the fusion - power craft , the cepheus . int . vehicle assembly structure a mammoth hangar in a covert underground silo . greenhouse , other life -sustain structure inside , too . the silo be impregnable , surround by a kind of heat moat which form a giant red circle around the pad ... roy move to a steel bar . dr . pedrosa put he forearm under a blue light . the silo open . int . launch pad the spacecraft -- the cepheus -- be poise on the pad , glow in the beacon light . Dr. pedrosa remove he helmet and glove . Roy do the same . 41 . we pull back to reveal the massive nature of the spacecraft / rocket . a woman , sergeant romano , approach : sergeant romano Major , be you all right ? we would be tell a officer would be join we , and we hear about you trouble get here -- roy mcbride yes , ma ’am . the chaos be real infuriate , no doubt . but we be able to engage they on they term . pedrosa interrupt Roy , pull he aside . something be wrong ; he 's sweaty , white as a sheet . sotto : dr . pedrosa Roy -- please , take it -- he hand Roy a thin silver card . Roy look at he , bewilder : dr . pedrosa ( cont ’d ) ( sotto ) it be the redact section of you father 's profile . the password be '' daisywheel '' . examine it only when you be off the grid . the hard drive will protect you from any viral interference . Roy spot blood , cascading down Dr. pedrosa 's hand . look around for help -- dr . pedrosa ( cont 'd ) Roy . Roy spin back around . pedrosa grab he , smearing blood on roy' sleeve : dr . pedrosa ( cont ’d ) spacecom do not trust you . try to remain as alert as possible ; do not allow they to cloud you perception . and you will be require at time to be less than completely honest -- but you must , to preserve the mission and the broad truth . ( beat ) I have faith in you . 42 . roy mcbride ( ferociously ; to other ) medic ! pedrosa crumple to the ground . medic collapse on he as roy back away . Roy be surrounded by army , among they sergeant romano . they pull he away from the die pedrosa . Roy hold the card in he hand , pocket it . int . silo elevator the door open , Roy exit . over this , we hear : a woman' voice ( pre - lap ) Major McBride ? int . suit room sergeant romano hand a spacesuit to Roy : sergeant romano you vital be all here , on you sleeve . Standard . pulse , oxygen , c02 , blood pressure , and so forth . ( beat ) this be you Mission Commander , Captain lawrence blunt . ( to blunt ) Captain blunt , this be Major Roy McBride , he will be hitching a ride to Mars on the jump seat . nearby , three man be don they suit and go through they exhaustive checklist . they eye Roy with vary degree of trepidation . focus on lawrence blunt -- early 40s , dark wavy hair , dark eye , powerful physical presence . captain lawrence blunt right -o . welcome aboard . blunt shake Roy 's hand . captain lawrence blunt ( cont ’d ) sound like you go through some tough territory to get here , Major . roy mcbride we surely do . significant force prove necessary . 43 . blunt nod . he look through a clipboard , then : captain lawrence blunt you be certified , I be guess . roy mcbride yes . in eva and spacecraft mechanic . roy notice pedrosa 's blood all over he suit . captain lawrence blunt terrific ... this 's first Lieutenant scobee -- we Mission specialist . he refer to donald scobee -- late thirty , brown hair in a comb-over . he 's in excellent physical condition . look like old Nixon aide John Dean . he stare at Roy with he pierce eye as he extend a hand . roy mcbride how do you do . a handshake . scobee be courteous but tough as nail . donald scobee Major . and franklin yoshida . mid-forties . totally remote , taciturn , a man of science . barely make eye contact with Roy . captain lawrence blunt Frank yoshida 's we medic . and Lt. Alan tanner be on for navigation and payload . finally , alan tanner . early -30s . a firm handshake and muttere greeting . Roy respond : roy mcbride good to meet all you . Roy try to turn he forearm to hide pedrosa 's blood . a young cadet walk in with food . blunt look down at a illuminate solar system map . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) I be head to helios South , on Mars . 44 , captain lawrence blunt that 's pretty close to where we be head . we have get a payload for the North division , but you can shuttle South once we be there . roy mcbride will do . grateful for the ride . captain lawrence blunt ( be : food plate ) well all right then ... make yourself comfortable . look like there 's some ginger beer and farme salmon for final meal ... Roy turn to sergeant romano . sotto : roy mcbride sergeant -- do we know the condition of Dr. pedrosa ? sergeant romano yes . unfortunately , he pass , Major . Roy nod , then turn , look through glass at the rocket that will take he to the star ... the cepheus ... here , as everywhere , armed men and women abound . look down at he hand : clutching that dossier card . ext . launch pad Roy , in he spacesuit , walk with the other hold they airpack into the top of the rocket . int . the cepheus - cockpit the cockpit be aglow with instrument and screen . Roy move past blunt and scobee as they be ensconce to perform final preparation and check . Roy strap in . captain lawrence blunt ( into the radio ) checklist complete . we be ready when you be , spacecom . destination helios Station North , mars. over. 45 . spacecom ( radio filter ) ( v.o. ) affirmative , Captain . t-minus 15 second . ready to go . spacecom commence countdown . engine roar to life . the rocket shudder from the force . donald scobee ( v.o. ) ten , nine , eight , seven , six ... ignition sequence begin . we have main engine start . int . / ext . the cepheus the liftoff team scramble to get away . the cepheus , barely hold to the gantry , be ready to go . ext . the moon a great fire alight beneath the cepheus . donald scobee ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) Three , two , one . the cepheus rise , shaking off its tether . donald scobee ( v.o. ) we have lift off ... it explode forward , hurtle around the Far side . int . the cepheus - sedation area Roy fight the g's. spacecom ( radio filter ) ( v.o. ) cepheus , you be a go at throttle up . stand by for separation . ext . the moon - cepheus the cepheus fire its booster and explode forward , hurtle around the Far side with increase velocity . darkness return to the launch pad . 46 . int . the cepheus the group settles in just a bit . the distant sound of the engine be a soothing , rhythmic lullaby . donald scobee spacecom , we be commence ctp ingestion . everyone take a pill which come eject from the console -- except for roy , who palm the pill and slip it into he pocket . int . the cepheus - cockpit - later Roy look at he fellow traveler , all engage in checklist task , other mundane activity : donald scobee Pilot report a one -niner , Mars trajectory ... the burn be on time . the residual before null - - minus 0.1 ... roy mcbride Captain , I think my suit 's suffer a oxygen leak . it 's go to require a epoxy patch . lawrence blunt happy to assist , sir . roy mcbride that will not be necessary , Captain . thank you . I have get it . as Roy get up , we see , to he right : '' caution : manual booster control '. int . cargo area Roy float in to a seclude part of the ship . he pull out what pedrosa give he . the dossier / amulet , a thin , silver card . he insert it into a slot of a small computer that be in he sleeve . insert a earbud . lasers and optic read he irise . screen on he helmet inside display he biorhythm . roy mcbride password daisywheel . Slate 23 . 47 . the password and bioscan activate the electronic dossier . the dossier open up on a screen before he -- in what look like mid - AIR . on screen : '' lima transmission intercept : 12/14/16 . untelevised canadian broadcasting channel interview : H. clifford mcbride '' int . fiat lux - oculus base professor H. clifford mcbride , look into the camera . unlike video from today 's astronaut , this be hd , fluid image . H. clifford mcbride hello cbc ... Toronto ... H. clifford McBride be on a space station , but exactly where be unclear . he look haggard and unkempt . unhinged . H. clifford mcbride ( cont ’d ) I would like to use this opportunity to reach out directly . to my son . if you could get this to he ... please ... ( beat ) Roy ... solitude have increase my perception ... I look so far into the universe here , and I see how cruel it be in its indifference ... so many planet potentially suitable for life , yet as of now we hear and see nothing ... I have come to worry that we own long - term survival be in doubt . my death be not something I fear . but -- the extinction of all idea , of all human expression -- that be the true terror . we consciousness must extend into the future , past any force that render we extinct . we must commit ourselves to this goal ... ( beat ) and so I , I ... if you see this -- we be , we be real far away . and some people have not be able to keep they composure ... ( look down , avoid ) it 's be very difficult ... 48. angle on roy . his face register that this be he father , address he directly -- and he father do not look good . Roy look down , at he sleeve . his vital . over this : H. clifford mcbride ( cont ’d ) I be sure you will have a lot of question about the choice I have have to make . but ... perhaps someday you will understand . I do miss you . I be sure you miss I , too . roy' pulse start climbing ... so he have to stop watch before the computer redflag he bioactivity ... CUT to : int . cepheus - cargo area Roy take the small stick give to he by pedrosa and put it in a airlock , add the pill they give he to take . releases the lever and send the item into space ... lose forever ... a voice , through radio earpiece , from another part of cepheus : a voice Major ! major ! Roy turn , move to int . another section of cepheus scobee and yoshida seem to be in some kind of quiet panic . silently attend to the equipment around they . then yoshida come to roy / US ( the camera be now subjective ) as roy settles back into the main area of the craft . yoshida turn to Roy , with urgency : franklin yoshida Major -- we be receive a '' mayday '' from a craft that 's in we zone . per regulation , it may require you to accompany Captain blunt on a eva . roy mcbride no -- we can not stop . 49 . franklin yoshida ( surprised ) Major ? roy mcbride we need to reach Mars . franklin yoshida ( smile , a uncomfortable laugh ) Major , this be protocol . we have a mayday -- roy mcbride we can not stop ! Roy move past yoshida into : int . the cepheus - control room Roy enter the control room , see that the other man have put on they helmet . the electronic beeping alert play , and data flash across the main monitor on the bridge . lawrence blunt to the radio , with radio filter : lawrence blunt ninety - seven hundred kilometer away , on the proximity alert . roy look over there shoulder to see : on a panel screen : the image of the vesta ix . a small , rotate station orbit of '' Earth 's second satellite , '' the asteroid call toro . Roy be agitate : roy mcbride the helios Station be the destination , Captain - - why be you stop ? lawrence blunt we have a mayday , major - - this be standard -- ( into comm ) vesta nine , this be cepheus Seven , United States armed force Space division . do you read , over ? Roy look impatient , unsure how to press the case : 50 . roy mcbride other craft will be in the vicinity . we have we destination . lawrence blunt ( confuse ) Major , with respect , we be obligate to stop . as you be merely a passenger , I be not sure I comprehend you position . unable to reveal anything , Roy turn away as tanner look through flight information : alan tanner the craft be register as norwegian , the vesta nine , orbit asteroid toro . registered for biomedical research . on another screen : a scan of the vesta ix appear . and on another screen , ship schematics . lawrence blunt ( into comm ) vesta nine , do you read , over ? still nothing . Roy look at a screen for information . eye the schematics for the vesta nine . lawrence blunt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) vesta nine , accord to the Outer Space Treaty we be respond to you distress call . ( beat ) do you read ? roy overhear : alan tanner I just access they log . last transmission be Sept. 17 , 13:37 pm . lawrence blunt ( to Command ) Command , I be go eva . possible force entry require . ( to Roy ) you be the only non-essential member of this craft . as you know , protocol be for you to come along . ( beat ) will this be a problem ? 51 . Roy think for a moment , then , with thinly - veile anger , he start to suit up . int . the cepheus - equipment section Roy and blunt strap on equipment and make final suit augmentation for they eva . Roy sees blunt be arming a weapon , a gunlike object . lawrence blunt ( stare at Roy for a uncomfortable moment ; then : ) I would advise you to arm yourself as well . you be no longer ina predictable environment . roy mcbride ( curt ) I be aware of that . frustrate , Roy turn , look through glass to see : the vesta ix , about the size of the cepheus , slowly roll in place . we hear Donald scobee from the cockpit ... donald scobee ( radio filter ) ( v.o. ) head three - three - four . can not confirm live contact . Range three - zero-seven - zero meter and close . ( beat ) reactor be still hot . ( beat ) optimum approach angle , thirteen degree . come around to three - three - four . blunt lead Roy towards the hatch ... int . the cepheus - airlock Roy and blunt stand before the airlock door ... which open into space . out they go ... ext . the cepheus a few glitter light distinguish the cepheus from absolute darkness . Roy and blunt jet towards the vesta ix . 52 . ext . space they venture away from the cepheus and frighteningly into deep space . the vesta be still distressingly far ... and yet , the vesta get closer ... and closer ... ext . vesta ix and then they be upon it ! Roy reach the airlock first . he punch button on the doorframe , to no avail . static noise . blunt motion to Roy , who use a gatling gun to blow open the airlock . in silence . int . vesta ix - airlock Roy and blunt enter the craft , pulse weapon at the ready . no one 's in sight . donald scobee ( v.o. ) gentlemen , one of you be require to find the flight recorder box . blunt point to Roy , and he and Roy move in different direction ... int . vesta ix - deck Roy float through the craft -- it 's vacant , jamme with idle instrument , empty console chair . it 's quiet , except for a electrical hum . we hear : captain lawrence blunt ( v.o. ) vesta , this be cepheus , respond to you mayday signal ... do you read ...? the zero gravity render a lot of thing float : pencil , notebooks , equipment , lit flashlight . they spin in the craft . int . vesta ix - lab Roy float deeper into the craft . it 's dark . Roy scan he tracking device from side to side . the spinning flashlight illuminate spot for brief moment . Roy grab one as it move . 53 . by the look of the lab equipment , it appear the craft perform research on viruse and disease . Roy continue ... int . vesta ix —- passageway Roy move towards a open that lead to a deck . light be come from that area . int . vesta ix - another deck much clutter here , lot of item float around . Roy move silently . a screen come on . a bearded man , grizzly and haunt . a norwegian astronaut : norwegian astronaut this be a eulogy for 12 good man ... Men who come to space to advance scientific understanding of the universe . but ... we supply generator have fail ... we can no longer see the earth -- and it be not visible from we current perspective ... no more earth . and we be adrift , without purpose ... with no hope in sight , we have decide to do the only logical thing ... then : something weird ... crimson orb be float here and there . there must be at least a dozen . most be baseball - size , some be larger , some smaller . roy touch one . liquid . he remove he finger , the orb divide into smaller orb . then -- something else be floating toward US ... a larger Mass ... roy back up -- and bump into a body . a dead body . he be startle . Roy push past they . more dead body ahead . one body leak blood , which bubbles out of the man 's tear suit , up , down and around , in every direction , form the crimson orb . 54 . roy mcbride cepheus , I have one expire individual here , no sign of anyone alive . I believe I have view a suicide video file of some kind . donald scobee copy that , Major . uh , Major , we have momentarily lose contact with Captain blunt here . roy mcbride appear I have as well . will attempt eye contact . int . vesta ix - b-deck Roy be in the aft of the ship and be downloading information from a central computer shaft . pull out a black BOX from the console . a small light on Roy 's tracker flash . roy mcbride ( radio filter ) Captain ? no answer . Roy tense , look around . start to float in that direction . Roy move between cramped row of shadowed equipment . there 's movement in front of he . he hesitates . then , another shadowy movement ... roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) Captain blunt ? again , no answer ! Roy raise he weapon . move forward to reveal : around the corner : we see a truly grotesque sight : a baboon devouring captain blunt 's face ! it 's a big one , a chacma , close to 100 pound . it 's insane and hungry . Roy jump back , beyond startle . 55 . roy 's p.o.v . -- the baboon sees roy , shriek ( loudly -- but silent to US because of we helmete p.o.v . ) . it knock over some equipment as it swim toward we in the gravity - free space , float towards roy 's jugular . bang ! roy kill the primate with he weapon . it tumble away , dead . Roy come over to help . he look in what remain of blunt 's eye . the pupil be not dilating . Roy punch a button on the side of he helmet . out of breath : roy mcbride cepheus , a research primate have attack the captain . he 's critically injure . suggest retrieve the vdr and move the Captain to the cepheus as soon as possible . please advise . donald scobee we confirm , this be we view as well . over . just then : a rush of monkey appear , charging at roy . he pull himself back , through a airlock , yanking the SMALL black data BOX as well as blunt inside . just in time , too , as the monkey slam into the airlock door . insanity . int . airlock - vesta Roy pull out a helmet from a row of they , inside the airlock . lock it into place on blunt , place carefully it over blunt 's bloodied face . ext . space Roy and he cord -- pull the black box as well as a inanimate blunt -- move back to the cepheus . ext . cepheus as Roy approach , the cepheus be spinning . he get to the surface of the craft , wait until the airlock door approach . int . the cepheus - airlock the airlock door whoosh open , and Roy rocket in with the 56 . equipment and blunt 's body on a tether cord . the door close behind he . he take off he helmet . yoshida help he / they through the airlock ; pulling off blunt 's helmet , he 's horrify to see what 's become of he Commander . yoshida begin immediately to work on blunt . Roy be out of breath . franklin yoshida ( to Roy ) what the hell happen in there ?!? roy mcbride it be a scientific vessel -- they lose control somehow . ( with gritt tooth ) I try to tell the Captain ... all of you . franklin yoshida tell we what ? roy mcbride that we have a task in front of we . and that to stop would be a waste of fuck time . yoshida go back to work on the unresponsive blunt . lean he head in through the corrugate arch , alan tanner reach for the black BOX . he pull it toward he . then , sotto : alan tanner ( be : blunt ) what 's he status ? yoshida simply shake he head . the captain won ’t make it . alan tanner ( cont ’d ) I 'il inform Don , he will have to be certified for flight . as tanner pull the black box , Roy follow he into : int . command module - moment later tanner begin to draw on the black BOX data . scobee be go through he checklist , compare it the black BOX data that be come in on the computer . Roy move closer . the radio interrrupt : spacecom voice cepheus , we receive you message concern Captain blunt . we have cpt . ( more ) 57 . spacecom voice ( cont 'd ) scobee 's retinal scan on file , and he be now in control of the craft . over . donald scobee this be cpt. scobee , spacecom . Roger that . over . sotto , to scobee , Roy grab scobee 's arm : roy mcbride Mars be we assign destination . that be what require we complete focus . donald scobee understood , Major . we be on we way to helios Station . ( louder ; to tanner ) prepare booster D - 6 , D - 9. alan tanner booster D - 6 and D - 9 , roger that . Roy hear something . turn back to see : int . near airlock the life be leave blunt . roy can see the body , entombed inside he spacesuit . yoshida finish read last rite : franklin yoshida .+- I commend you to almighty God , and entrust you to you creator . May the angel and the saint come to meet you , as you go forth from this life . May you see you redeemer face to face and enjoy the vision of God for ever ... ( to the man ) airlock engage . donald scobee airlock engage , roger that . the airlock open . a whooosh ! ext . space the cepheus release blunta body into the void ... 58 . they fall commander tumble away , into the darkness . the cepheus 's booster rocket FIRE , and the craft speed away -- leave blunt 's body to tumble . forever ... dissolve to : ext . mar - later the red planet , float in space . a space elevator with a spinning docking station be tethere to the planet . the cepheus arrive into view , its retros thrust . int . cepheus the man speak : donald scobee ( to radio ) spacecom , we be approach Mars , helios North . over. ext . outside the space elevator it slow to a stop as it dock with the docking BAY connect to mar . int . the cepheus - continuous as Roy , tanner , scobee , and yoshida ready themselves to leave : a download commence . spacecom voice cepheus , this be spacecom . we have a secure download for passenger Roy McBride . donald scobee send it through . over . the file download . Roy take the chip and : int . secure corner Roy download the chip : 59 . spacecom voice a additional message be send to the moon 's communication center , approximately seven hour after you departure . roy focus . on a screen come : the image of the medieval castle that roy have obsessed over ! the music be odd , a strange '' easy listen '' tune ... roy move close to the screen . then , the imagery cut out , leave a text sentence , white text on black screen : '' bre you coming ? '' new line of text : '' 06:10:00 '' angle on roy as we : CUT to : int . docking area - cepheus Roy shake the hand of scobee and yoshida and tanner : roy mcbride my condolence for Captain blunt , gentleman . I do appreciate the ride and wish you the best on the rest of you journey . donald scobee thank you , Major . glad we could be of service ... the hatch open for roy , and he glide through . int . shuttle Roy be in the shuttle to helios South . int . docking BAY - moment later he enter the docking bay of the space station . nobody 's here to greet he , although there be camera and active screen . beeeep ! roy speak : roy mcbride McBride , Roy c. submit. 60 . step forward and put he eye in the scanner . woman on a screen approve . a moment , then a whoosh ! a large door open to : int . space elevator the crew , enter in the elevator . Roy look out , seeing the red planet 's surface approaching as the thing descend . int . helios station - mar surface the elevator '' land '' on mar . the large steel door unlocks automatically . roy step out . we do not see any people here yet . but several siberian huskies walk up and down the hall of the installation . a couple of they come up to we man and sniff around . a weird screeching sound pervade -- as if something large deep inside the station need repair ...or , at the very least , wd40 . then : a few scientist staggering down the hall , too--singing some unknown song badly , somewhat drunkenly . a guy in roller - skate speed past in the background . a seemingly insane mar officer , a woman of fifty , charge to Roy : mar officer do you bring we seed ?!? what about can produce , do you do that ? roy mcbride no. I be sorry . I do not have any . sorry ... be you commanding officer -- Roy look past she . it 's madness . more passersby , more revelry ... and the return of the roller -skater . next come a unctuous officer name sergeant peter bello ( fiftysomething , strangely tan ) greet we man . he may not be drunk , but it 's unclear if he have he wit about he . sgt . bello ( with a slightly mad grin , too loud at time ) ( more ) 61 . sgt . bello ( cont 'd ) good afternoon ! or evening -- or whatever the fuck ! welcome to the very last manned outpost in our solar system ! [ I be ] sergeant bello ... you comin’ from earth , or the moon ??? or what ?!? wait , whose retinal scan have I approve ? roy mcbride I have be send by spacecom to conduct a inspection near vallis marineris and I need access to the location as soon as possible . I need to see a Colonel lipset . sgt . bello oh , I bet he 's at shunga show , brother ! where we should be ! keep ourselves right in the head -- and down below , if you get my meaning -- roy interrupt he . roy mcbride I need to talk to he . it 's urgent . sgt . bello okay , cowboy ... okay ... int . helios station - shunga parlor a enormous dark space , almost like the whale room in New York 's american Museum of Natural History . it 's light only by black light . projected all over , we see ... several physically perfect stripper ( holographic - - but also totally lifelike ) . roy join the throng of scientist & military . everyone be smoking pot and do a lot of other stuff . Roy walk through some of the stripper . sgt . bello ( excitedly ) they keep we company ! do not misunderstand I , we be not allowe dot make ‘em sentient , course . but we scientist here have tampere with ' they -- give ' ema little more personality , we will say ! ( more ) 62 . sgt . bello ( cont 'd ) they be still well within legal a.i. cognition limit , I promise you ! Roy look around he at a couple of gorgeous ( fake ) woman , gyrating in unison to '' talkin 's loud and sayin 's nothing '' . Roy sees a large buffet table with processed food . the virtual holo women move around Roy like ghost . it 's James Brown night , evidently . the godfather of soul be actually here in person , '' on stage '' - - a perfect , life - like hologram . Roy 's sort of push the holo woman away , like swatting fly . his hand just go through they . Roy and the rest of the crew encounter : sitting on a cushion , smoking a bong and work on god-know - what with old - fashioned pencil and paper , be astrophysicist samir malik -- bearded , thirtysomething , bespectacle , hippyish . a shit -eate grin . he wife , cheryl , be next to he . project around they be a warm space , almost like a high - end log cabin . stand nearby : colonel lipset , a grizzle man , about forty - five year old . line face , gaunt . he stare at roy ... sgt . bello ( cont ’d ) Sam , this guy 's get order , from spacecom . look for a Colonel lipset . malik smile broadly , hold out a hand to shake Roy 's . completely stoned . his hand be robotic , a metallic gold ( for no explain reason ) . samir malik samir malik -- I be superintendent . with National Institute of Sciences . Cal - tech mafia ! this 's my wife , Cheryl . cheryl please to meet you . samir malik ( with a snort ) well , it 's a pleasure to meet anybody this far out -- ’specially anybody with they head screw on straight ! end of the line here ! 63 . awkward pause , the men look around at the surroundings . colonel lipset be still stare . then : samir malik ( cont ’d ) ( let out a laugh ) gotta maintain that human connection somehow ... the officer reach down to a metal plank below he foot and flip a switch . off goe the holographic room around they , that '' high - end log cabin '' , revealing the real space around they . stepping forward be Colonel lipset : colonel lipset Major , I be Colonel lipset . roy mcbride sir. yes . as colonel lipset move to shake Roy 's hand , he leans in , softly into Roy 's ear : colonel lipset I have be fully brief . straighten up , and louder : roy mcbride yessir . Roy turn , hand lipset a printout . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) my destination be this coordinate . colonel lipset ( look , then to malik ) Dr. malik ? malik look at it , then up at they , like roy 's nut . grow deadly serious . turn to he wife : samir malik honey , I have gotta go back to work . ( back to Roy ) why do not you take a ride with I . int . helios corridor - monorail roy , samir malik in a speed monorail . a lit map be in front of they . with malik be he right -hand , a woman name kathryn collin . colonel lipset be with they , silent . samir malik the spot be in the middle of we complex of fission reactor . it 's a westinghouse design , build -- I wanna say six earth year ago ? he look to Collins : kathryn collin that 's right . samir malik right . well , there be a meltdown in reactor three a few month after completion . likely a result of industrial sabotage . roy mcbride what 's its current status ? samir malik Kathryn know more than I do here . Roy turn to the map in front of they as it scroll northern hemisphere , then stop . like Google Maps 's View '' -- a remote camera have capture the exterior of reactor . Roy study the location . Collins point to the map , which show a '' skeleton '' reactor 's innard . kathryn collin ( cont ’d ) this area be wall - off after the disaster . they pour concrete to prevent further contamination . and many of the tunnel be still fill with cool water . 64 . up to the '' Street a martian of the Roy be study image of a large telescope array near the reactor in valle marineris . roy mcbride what be that , to the right ? kathryn collin a radio telescope . still active . which be why we be continue to pump electricity , water , and oxygen through the reactor . no one ’1ll spend the money to build a new telescope away from the contaminate area , and it need that thing to operate . 65 . roy mcbride so this whole zone be desert now -- but it still have power , that 's what I be to understand ? colonel lipset that be correct , major . everyone fall silent . lipset 's interjection be odd . then : kathryn collin spacecom ''s use Cornell University to do a ongoing study of the disaster . one of they fellow 's name francesca desanctis . she 's they point person . as Roy sift through the reactor scan : roy mcbride I would like to debrief she - - if that 's okay with you . colonel lipset we will get she to you . a tense beat . then : samir malik anything we should know here ? colonel lipset I be sorry , Doctor - - how do you mean ? samir malik ( look to Collins , then ) well ... we have a power surge , couple of week ago , and we have a lot of repair work on we hand . colonel lipset I seem to recall read that quake happen here from time to time , maybe that be the cause . samir malik they do , but ... ( beat ; shrug ) look , we have hear rumor . about a explosion , off Neptune . ( beat ) I guess I be wonder -- should we ... evacuate ? 66 . Colonel lipset look to Roy , who respond '' properly '' : roy mcbride the mission 's classified , I be sorry . malik purse he lip . not the most encourage answer . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) please find the woman . CUT to : int . the helios - chapel / lab - continuous what be once solely a chapel have be convert to a lab mix with a weird version of a 1960 's hippy ashram . blanket , lamp , etc . a woman whose back be to we . samir malik her name be francesca desanctis - - she be bear here . she 's part of the Cornell extension program and have be work on the Mars geology project . so she 's be research the territory for year . a close shot on francesca desanctis , early forty , as she turn around to we . Lovely but also fragile . not physically delicate , but somehow , we can tell she 's emotionally vulnerable . she be whiter than white -- as if she skin have never see sunlight . vein be visible beneath she temple . she look into the camera , then stand up , walk toward we as roy enter . francesca desanctis hello . roy mcbride good evening . francesca desanctis ( wide smile ) or morning . roy mcbride ( gentle smile in return ) right , yes . ( beat ) I be from usspacecom , and I have some question for you . 67 . francesca desanctis all right . roy mcbride I ask you not to be concerned , I just need to know what you know -- francesca desanctis ( interrupt ) I be not concerned . roy mcbride okay , that 's good ... Dr. malik inform I that you have be study the reactor ? francesca desanctis yes . for about four year now , for a spacecom study . I tour the area myself before a series of quake hit the area . I be the last to enter . ( wry smile ) I guess I be the lucky one . ( beat ) all my record be on file , and I have adhere most strictly to all regulation . my scientific work be very important . it 's , it 's what I have . roy mcbride ( nod ; then ) you have not notice anything unusual inside the reactor ? francesca desanctis apart from the physical activity ? roy mcbride what do you mean ? francesca desanctis I inform spacecom about sign of a physical disturbance inside the reactor . do not they tell you ? roy mcbride ( throw ) no ...i , I have no information on that matter ... francesca desanctis well , it 's my feel that a person have be inside the core . I have notice what I think be some very obvious sign . roy be stunned . francesca desanctis ( cont 'd ) I can take you down there -- if , if that 's where you need to go . I know the route and I can help . roy mcbride ( cut she off ) thank you . I think I have enough information for now . I x11 contact you . int . helios conference room 68 . CUT to : Roy and Colonel lipset be huddle . lipset look at data paper . in medias re : roy mcbride I do believe now it 's possible that my father escape from Neptune , yes . ina craft of some sort , perhaps -- something of 3 - D fabrication . we have have to find out where he 's hide here on Mars , course . colonel lipset either that , or it 's not he . roy mcbride Sir , with respect , there 's no one else who have knowledge of the thing that have be send to I . it be he . lipset look up . a beat . then : colonel lipset no one 's be inside there for year . we do not know what 's down there . ( more ) 69 . colonel lipset ( cont 'd ) it could be extremely dangerous -- the radiation , the , the self - replicator may still be active . and you do not know the way -- roy mcbride I would go with Ms. desanctis . she would guide I to the location and I could then initiate the contact with my father . I would set she free and convince he to surrender . you would have continue access to my data , and you could speak with I directly through my mmu . ( beat ) this be the necessary mission , sir . and time be critical . lipset begin to burn the data paper . colonel lipset we will have to follow you close behind , ready to move and hopefully obtain intel on the lima Project 's precise location off Neptune . Roy look troubled . doe not speak up . colonel lipset ( cont 'd ) be this a problem for you ? roy mcbride ( beat ) no sir ... colonel lipset good . because we be only here to help . angle on roy as we : CUT to : int . helios preparation room francesca be get a spacesuit put on she . she 's rarely have one on before ; it look awkward , almost preposterous , on she . she 's older than Roy ; she be lovely in she vulnerability . incredibly aware and sensitive eye -- as well as a seemingly easygoing manner : 70 . roy mcbride be you uncomfortable with the unit , ma ’am ? francesca desanctis I have grow up with this but I have never like they . roy mcbride this one 's considerably better than the earlier model . I have notice increase flexibility with the new mmus . they have all we vital here . and you can release all the nitrogen fuel at once , if you need to , from the pack or even from you boot , here . ( beat ; sense she stress ) if you breathe normally , there 's no cause for panic . francesca desanctis that 's what I try to do . ( smile ) '' breathe , '' I tell myself . it should be easy . it probably be , for you . she accept that . Roy reach for a SMALL electronic flat screen , which he unfold : roy mcbride be this map accurate ? francesca desanctis ( nod ; then ) yes . but when we get there , there 's also a guide rope that we install through the tunnel right after meltdown . it lead to the center of the core . roy mcbride okay ... ( beat ) and -- and thank you , ma ’am . you can rest assure that this be of great importance , what you be do . for the Earth . francesca desanctis ( nod ; then ) I have only be to earth once , actually . as a child . ( more ) 71 . francesca desanctis ( cont 'd ) I have a tissue disorder because I be bear here . they say I would die if I try go back , through the radiation belt . but they be work on new medication . unexpectedly , she stop speak . look at Roy . her eye well up : francesca desanctis ( cont ’d ) I remember it very well -- I remember , it be extremely beautiful . roy mcbride some part , yes . ( let out a laugh ) other part ... not so much . francesca desanctis ( interior ) I wish I could be there ... I wish , more than anything else ... ( louder ; ease ) a lot of people here get lonely . and they break down . the mental hospital at helios be always full of patient . ( sotto ; look at the map ) it 's why I always think the reactor crew itself cause the meltdown . I think they just lose it ... a beat . she seem to get a idea : francesca desanctis ( cont ’d ) hey , I think I see a news program on you , from a few year back . I just realize , I think I know you ! roy be momentarily confuse : francesca desanctis ( cont ’d ) it be -- it be about the Space antenna ! roy mcbride oh yes , the gravitational wave antenna . it 's almost finish now . it 's go to be a excellent project . we will be able to hear any intelligent life , possibly even respond . 72 . francesca desanctis maybe I 'il be able to go to the Earth and see it someday ... roy mcbride yes , it will be complete soon . we team be really work toward that . all of we , back home . it 's a very worthy endeavor -- communication with other potential lifeform . desanctis look at she suit . then : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) I think you be ready . a button on francesca 's suit be pushed and it collapse around her , snug . she look uncomfortable -- but ready . Roy smile at she ; he 's comfortable . there 's even a level of sexual attraction , maybe . maybe . Roy talk to he sleeve : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) Doctor , Colonel -- I think we be good to go here . angle on roy as he look up . through glass , we see : samir malik and colonel lipset look at they . CUT to : int . underground station a maze- like installation . a rover about to depart . int . rover in the rover be Roy and francesca . with kathryn collin drive . ext . mar - shuttle port - day the ground open up and the rover emerge onto the strikingly bright martian terrain . ext . mar - valle marineris - later the rover drive alongside one of Mars 's monumental canyon , valle marineris . it 's amazing . 73 . int . rover a wonder to behold . all dialog be radio filter : francesca desanctis that be valle marineris , over to you right -- it 's a thousand time bigger than the Grand Canyon on earth . and just about every other month a earthsick person throw himself off it . int . / ext . front rover - continuous francesca desanctis gesture to a large structure that they be about to pass . francesca desanctis the area we be enter be self - sufficient at one time , with a greenhouse and self - replicate unit for maintenance and repair . ( to Collins ) you can take we right to that white circle , Kathryn . kathryn collin will do . Collins pull the rover over to the side of the road , near a white steel circle tube in the dirt -- about 10 foot in diameter . Roy lean forward . to Collins : roy mcbride I have activate gps so you can find we . when we be do . it report that we have twenty - six minute until we need to be inside . kathryn collin Roger that . we will be more than happy to come pick you up on we Mars taxi service ! ( no answer from Roy , so ) good luck , both of you ! ext . mar - valle marineris - continuous the rover 's door open . Roy step out . Roy and francesca be leave all alone as the Rover leave behind a trail of dust . 74 . it 's silent . the landscape be mostly barren -- the greenhouse , the radio telescope , and a few other structure be in the distance . a purple dust STORM materialize , gather , grow , approach . the atmosphere be obscure . luckily , the atmosphere be so thin that this twister be harmless -- they just leave a red / violet hue over Roy 's and francesca 's spacesuit and helmet . francesca find a hatch , cover in dust and dirt . point to roy . Roy bend down , shove the dirt away and find a metal protuberance . after remove more dirt , he be able to lift up the hatch . down they go , into a underground chamber . int . underground chamber a concrete sarcophagus . a wall . with a circular wheel , lead downward . francesca gesture . roy turn the wheel . it open , and they descend into the dark water : int . tunnel they be now swimming in a tunnel of darkness . Roy and francesca have helmet light which illuminate a few foot in front of they . they pull themselves along by the guide rope . roy 's sleeve blink : '' excessive radiation '' int . deeper into the tunnel they be dark . only a few foot in front of Roy be illuminate . the two pull themselves along the rope slowly and carefully . into the darkness . but then we see the movement of particulate in the air . something be cause dust to disperse in that dark tunnel ... roy mcbride something appear to be move . 75 . the breath quicken . terror on she face . he look down the pipeway ; he can focus on nothing else ... something begin to appear in the darkness ... francesca desanctis I just receive a text message , implore we not to proceed . it say if we do we will be destroy ... slowly but surely we begin to make it out ... it be a creaturelike self -replicating machine . we have see something like it before ; they be work on the tether , in the beginning of we story . but this one be larger , somehow more unforgive . its head be one headlight ; the head look like odilon redon 's portrait of the cyclop ... it charge at they in silence , through the dense water . it appear to be welding -- it have tendril , like a hydra , which it use to push itself down the tunnel . it get closer and closer ! roy mcbride please send it code , tell it that we will proceed no further and it need not be concerned . she be type into she sleeve . a tendril reach out about to grab francesca . and then it stop . stop proceeding . Roy step forward . approach the enormous hydra , which seem freeze and no longer threaten . at incredible speed , he withdraw he pulse weapon , fire at it . direct hit ! it move spasmodically for a moment after it be hit -- almost as if in physical pain . roy approach it , close , firing the pulse weapon to the CENTER of the eye of the head ... the hydra jerk spasmodically again . roy then grab francesca 's arm ; reach over and pull on what look like a ripcord of sort from he mmu . 76 . the mmu on roy 's back release all the nitrogen in the pack , yanking her and roy with tremendous speed past the destroyed hydra ; they tumble through the water , blowing away from the hydra and toward relative safety . roy find the cable , and , hold onto francesca , he use she own mmu for power . int . tunnel airlock the two enter : francesca lead he . roy mcbride ( to radio ) Command , it appear we encounter a self - replicator of some kind , perhaps one mean to secure the structure . command voice copy that , Major . be it still active ? roy mcbride negative . it have be disabled . command voice all right , proceed to the core . you have twelve minute until you reach the time indicate . int . different tunnel the two enter a long , blue - light tunnel . after a few step , Roy stop . something 's wrong : francesca desanctis Major ? be you all right ? a beat . roy mcbride my pulse be get a little more rapid here . francesca desanctis mine be as well . we do not expect to encounter that . ( more ) 77 . francesca desanctis ( cont 'd ) the unit be perhaps agitate by the recent quake -- disorient by have to operate alone . roy mcbride no ... ma ’am -- that 's , that 's not it . situation of that nature do not present difficulty for I . ( check he number ) and this be indicate that my metabolic level be increase only now , as we approach the core . ( beat ; to himself ) I , I have to address this ... francesca desanctis should we wait to enter ? ( beat ) perhaps you be get anxious about what you 's 1ll find there -- roy mcbride ( interrupt ) no . we must enter the core . int . underground corridor they move through the corridor to : int . underground chamber - the core a massive chamber . Roy and francesca come across the enormous base of the reactor . a flickering series of fluorescent light illuminate half the room . it look almost live - in , freeze in time . like there should be half - drunk cup of coffee on the console . francesca desanctis 's back be to roy . roy mcbride be this it , ma’am ? francesca desanctis yes . roy mcbride all right . ma ’am , I have to inform you , I have get a operation I need to conduct shortly , and it 's classified . so ... you be not go to be able to remain here . ( more ) 78 . roy mcbride ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be sorry . she lift the helmet off her head . we stare for a beat at the back of her head . then : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) ma ’am ? do you hear what I say ? francesca desanctis do it -- ever seem possible that you might find out something about yourself ? something that might -- change you ? roy mcbride I do not know exactly what you be refer to . as I say , I have some objective , and we conversation have to be terminate now . francesca reach over , hit a large key on a console . a rectangular monitor begin to play image we've see , of the boy and girl at the cloister ! francesca desanctis it always feel like we be destine to meet again . like it be fate . this time , we see the entire set of image . a large family , at the cloister . the young boy be drawing for a somewhat older girl . a SMALL picnic , or party ... and the girl move to sit on ... H. clifford mcbride's lap . the boy hand a drawing to the girl . francesca desanctis ( cont ’d ) it 's the only time I see you , the only time I be on earth . but -- I feel as though I know you so well . you father photograph you a lot as a child . and I still look at the picture and the video all the time . so ... I feel very connect to you . ( beat ) I wish you know about I . roy be flustered . for the first time in we story , he be truly thrown . 79 . the radio begin to SOUND in roy 's head : command radio Major , we be register she non - compliance . we be within ten meter , ready to engage . she turn toward he and US , holding a black folder in her hand . she take a step toward he . he reach down , toward he pulse weapon . francesca desanctis you father be so lonely in he travel . he have another life here , on Mars . another family . she smile to he , gently - - a genuine though somehow melancholy smile . francesca desanctis ( cont ’d ) he be my father , too . francesca desanctis then push the black folder toward roy . she flip it OPEN . it be the drawing that the boy give the girl in the video . roy look at the drawing . it 's incontrovertible . he realize . it 's true . francesca desanctis ( cont ’d ) he want I to reach out to you . I be afraid you could not be trust at first . but then I lose touch with he and when I see you , I know it be the right thing to do . ( beat ) I call for you , Roy . the message be from I . he approach the screen . now it be footage of roy through the year , beyond the image we have see . he as a toddler , as a teen , as a cadet . francesca be now behind he again . command radio Major , we be ready to intercede . roy mcbride what ... be it you want from I ...? he eye begin to water . yes , we be seeing tear begin to form in he eye ! 80 . francesca desanctis he need we help . roy mcbride ( for himself ) Dr. McBride ...abandoned I ... francesca desanctis you father go to Neptune to try and save we . now francesca , emotional as well , she back to we again : francesca desanctis ( cont ’d ) the mission go too far from the Earth , and many in the crew go insane ... ( over she shoulder , to Roy ) you have see for yourself how hard it become when the Earth be no longer visible . when they attempt they sabotage , he do what he have to do to continue on . ( eye back down to the floor ) he be a truly great man . he tell I they find antimatter , that he want to make it all anew . but he 's go silent now . all he finding have stop be send to Earth . I be concerned -- I worry for he so much ... ( she turn to Roy ) he need we help . I can locate he . I will give that to you . Roy stare at her for a moment . lose , almost as if he 's short circuite : roy mcbride I have ... my own ... directive . she approach he : francesca desanctis we be he family . he have no way back , but maybe you will . ( beat ) please . he need we help ! he care about you , he do . he love you , all this time . I know he do -- 81 . he be shaking . a beeping begins ; it 's he vital , on he sleeve . they 're out of control ! she touch he arm with tenderness . all of a sudden : the duct slide OPEN . stepping in : tanner and yoshida , in they suit . pointing weapon right at her . the threat be clear . francesca be startle . to she : alan tanner down ! on you knee ! right now ! Roy begin to approach francesca . the other intervene . a chaos build . as tanner pull out a strange cord : alan tanner ( cont ’d ) we will handle the interrogation from this point forward , Major . roy mcbride she -- she may well have information only I can access here ! alan tanner Major , you be currently under no condition to continue this interview . roy mcride that 's incorrect . it 's imperative that you interrogate she with I present - — as tanner attaches it to her : alan tanner order be now that you be to retrieve all relevant data and return to the cepheus . there be a shuttle wait for you . she 'il be process appropriately . tanner pull her away . she be yanked out of the space , and as she be , she stare at roy as the two exit . yoshida remain , with Roy . Roy move to the console , where he family history continue to play out in front of he : franklin yoshida Major , we have to proceed now . 82. Roy do not move . like a short circuit . franklin yoshida ( cont ’d ) Major . ( beat ) major . ( beat ) you order be to retrieve the data cell and return to the cepheus . yoshida depart . roy move to the console and begins to remove the data card from the board , unscrewing the card . the image of he disappear from the screen as he take all the intel he can . ext . mar surface - later roy emerge , board the automated , driverless gps - guide rover that be waiting for he . int . space elevator close on roy ... in the silent elevator car as it lift up , away from Mars . int . / ext . docking platform Roy enter / float into the deck , return from the elevator . Roy retreat inward at the sight of Colonel lipset : roy mcbride ( distant ) the task be complete . everything from the core 's system 's be obtain ... colonel lipset I be sorry , Roy . spacecom and I feel it necessary to contact you associate from you trip to Mars . you behavior with they do cause concern . we have fully brief they now . roy mcbride concern ...? 83. alan tanner you send data into space . you also neglect to take you sedative capsule , and you protest the response to a standard mayday call . roy mcbride ( sotto ) you know why I resist now ... a warning light goe off on the console . franklin yoshida I would recommend a sedative for you , Major . roy mcbride no . my metabolics will return to normal in just a moment . the environment on Mars be high - stress , and it be a standard reaction . I just need to do this -- Roy attaches the data BOX to the cepheus . data begins to flow from it into the craft 's computer . yoshida try to hand Roy a pill and a cup of water . franklin yoshida Major -- colonel lipset Major , take the sedative -- roy mcbride I have to do this right now . this be my task . Roy push they away . Alan tanner look to Donald scobee . scobee move to speak into the console as the cepheus decouple from the elevator 's docking platform : donald scobee spacecom , we be ready to proceed . angle on roy as he be turn inward . no eye contact with the rest of the crew . franklin yoshida Major , I be go to have to insist . 84 . roy mcbride ( to Colonel lipset ) what -- be the result of you interrogation of Ms. desanctis ? the man have no reaction at first . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) do you gain any further information from she ? then , without a word , lipset reach over and presses a button on the crafta console monitor . he type in something , and on come a surveillance camera image : the surveillance image be of francesca desanctis , seat , in what look like a small white room with a drop ceiling and fluorescent light . we hear some murmuring , which be unintelligible from she , and from the other who surround she . roy watch , in turmoil . the men who surround she be we team : lipset , tanner , scobee , yoshida . they be at moment on , and offscreen , they back to we . they appear to be interrogate she . we hear snippet . '' what be you do there ...? " '' you be sit there , without any ... " she be not look at they . enter the frame be lipset : colonel lipset look at US . after a beat : francesca desanctis I will not speak to you until Major McBride be here . he need to be present . colonel lipset Major McBride be not part of this particular operation . so you be go to need to respond to we -- right now , ma’am . francesca desanctis you do not understand . I be not you enemy . you be talk to I like I be you enemy -- and I be not . 85 . colonel lipset you be admit that clifford McBride be you father , and you have be in contact with he . that 's correct , be it not ? she stare at lipset . colonel lipset ( cont 'd ) you be aware he be pose a potentially catastrophic threat ? francesca desanctis I need to see my brother . Major McBride . colonel lipset what be the precise location of the lima project ? francesca desanctis I need to see my brother . she stand up . tanner move behind her with incredible speed . as this be happen -- lipset throws she back , to the chair . violently . but she still tries to get up , so lipset slap her , hard , across the face . she flail . the men charge at her , and tanner put she in a chokehold . francesca start to gasp . and shake . francesca desanctis ( cont ’d ) I -- I need help -- donald scobee if you want help , you 'il tell we -- francesca shake violently now . be it a seizure ...? franklin yoshida hold it , hold on there -- whoa -- she crumple to the ground , she body vibrate with uncontrollable force . weirdly quiet , fast ... tanner put he knee on her back . we hear the man through muffled SOUND : the image end . back to : 86. int . the cepheus - cockpit where the man be now ominously surround Roy . tanner at the control , initiate stage - 1 liftoff away from the dock : alan tanner .+- booster look good at 4 minute . level sense arm at 8 plus 17 ; outboard cut - off at 9 plus will ... roy mcbride ( disturb ) where -- where be she ? colonel lipset the subject be dead . she stop breathe and could not be revive . but we extract the coordinate of the lima Project transmission . from the Mars reactor data . we know where to go . roy mcbride ( interior ) you ... kill she ? franklin yoshida it be likely some kind of congenital disorder . roy 's rage be building . colonel lipset Major , you contribution to this mission have come to a close . the ship 's stage - 1 thruster ( minor , low -velocity ) be firing , power the ship away from the helios 's upper station ( the top of the space elevator ) . roy mcbride ( revert to form ) what 's -- what 's important here be ... the mission . colonel lipset we be appreciative of you contribution . roy mcbride i_have follow order and accomplish my objective . I need to brief spacecom. 87 . franklin yoshida spacecom 's already fully aware of the situation . you fail you last two psych-eval . Roy stop himself . he see they surround he . scobee be in front of a control panel . the cepheus have reach a safe radius , about a mile away ... so the stage - 2 , high - power rocket thruster now have room to fire safely . tanner initiate stage - 2 procedure , a countdown begin . the suspense intensify , and it 's eerie , as everyone 's just float , suspend , wait ... Roy 's face goe white . colonel lipset Major . we do not want to have to eliminate you . yoshida move towards Roy . yoshida continue forward , towards Roy -- Roy 's eye burn with intensity . tanner grasp he pulse weapon . it 's clear they do want he dead . scobee approach Roy , too . lipset stay back . just as scobee be near Roy -- Roy ignite he mmu 's boot jets , which blow scobee back against the opposite wall with such force that scobee 's kill instantly , and he crush and kill lipset -- behind he - — - as well by the force of he body . the other move to roy , who --pull down on a thruster on the console of the craft . the entire craft begins to revolve , making a full revolution every second . the centrifugal force push everything to the side of the craft -- all the clipboard , flight plan , pens , procedure board , etc . stick to the wall . the men be all shaken up . completely disoriented for a moment . tanner be shake loose and hit hard , but he 's only stunne . by this point , yoshida attack Roy with vicious blows . Roy lurch toward the wall of the capsule ; he pull a small , metal cannister that be strapped to the wall near he . 88 . he swing the cannister at yoshida and connect with yoshida 's skull . yoshida tumble away . now , it 's just Roy and tanner . Roy be bleed . tanner be hold a pulse weapon . all Roy have be the cannister . but with the craft spinning , it 's virtually impossible to AIM . tanner pull the trigger -- the weapon blast . Roy manage to twist out of the way of what be bad aim due to the spin . the blast barely miss he . roy grab a pen from the side of the craft . he stab yoshida in the neck . yoshida 's blood bloom . this form globule of blood in the weightlessness ! Roy use the moment to evade tanner . utilize the netting / wiring along the side of the ship , Roy scramble away . the sunlight come through the window flash as fast as a strobe light ... int . the cepheus - another area - continuous Roy move around a corner , disappear into a darker area of the ship ... int . the cepheus - cockpit -— tanner pull the reentry lever over he head . the craft stop spinning . he wrap yoshida 's wound with a towel , to stop the blood . he turn back around to follow / kill roy . int . the cepheus - another area - continuous tanner pursue Roy . tanner press a button to OPEN the fair door , and lean into that section , when ... suddenly , Roy emerge from the tangle of wire and other material against the wall where he have be hide , and shove tanner deep into the fair section . and Roy press the button to close the fair section door . he 's trap tanner in this part of the ship . 89 . the stage-2 countdown approach liftoff , and Roy hurry to the safety of a harness just in time . he hold onto the harness as the cepheus explode forward . as the staging occur , and the inter - stage fairing section and rocket engine beneath it can be see through the window below Roy , fall away into the void . note : the physical environment in the ship be now especially chaotic and messy : wiring , equipment , debris , ball of blood and sweat ... all criss -crossing this way and that in the zero - g .-- int . the cepheus - cockpit Roy move into the cockpit . he check 's yoshida 's pulse . nothing . yoshida be now dead . Roy eye the float corpse of former crewmate scobee and yoshida . int . the cepheus - airlock Roy prepare the two body with none of the ceremony or religion that be afforded to blunt . he leave they in the airlock and step out , back into -- int . the cepheus - outside airlock he press a button to open the airlock to the void . ext . space - the cepheus the ship release the two body as the cepheus speed away ... int . cockpit Roy grab a fresh helmet and move into the cockpit . a man alone . he pause for a moment ; he hand be blotchy and bleeding ... rocket computer voice significant damage to rocket staging capability ... reentry protection in section three destroyed ... 90 . ext . the cepheus - space the spaceship be move at such a terrific velocity that there 's perceptible movement in the surround field of star : approaching star appear blue , receding star become amber . ( this be the '' red shift '' effect . ) int . cockpit Roy be seat at the fore of the ship . he 's still bleeding profusely . he go through a medical kit , apply gel to he wound . he 's try to stem the seeping tide of blood . he be ghostly and alone in the ship 's darkness . and outside of the ship 's darkness : infinite pitch black . but ... finally ... a slight glow appear from the cockpit monitor ... roy mcbride destination , Neptune Moon galatea coordinate . computer voice length of journey : 19 day , 4 hour , 8 minute . sedation be advise . Roy hook himself up to a feed tube , into he arm . he buckle himself in , and strap start send electrical pulse to he body , to keep he muscle in some sort of tone . Roy settle in , and the rocket alight ... he be on he way ... dissolve to : ext . space the craft pass a unmanned space probe ... a distant asteroid field ... jupiter , distant ... int . cepheus Roy examine the view outside he window . he grow agitate . all of a sudden , blood start pouring into the craft , from every wall ! it fill the capsule ! 91 . yoshida and scobee be back , inside . they be assaulting roy ! the capsule begins spinning again ! what be happening ? and then -- through the spinning --he reach over to the console and inject something into he arm . within moment , the craft be no longer spin . the astronaut be gone . he be hallucinating ... dissolve to : ext . space - saturn - later the giant gas planet saturn loom magnificently against the black backdrop . its ring look like thin ribbon encircle the planet . so perfect be this gas giant , so symmetrical and flawless in its geometry ... it almost look unreal . we tilt down to see the cepheus pass US by . int . cepheus Roy 's eye be half -mast . his p.o.v. : a watery surface over he eye cause a slight oblong , double-vision view of the capsule console . computer voice now pass final unmanned outpost , trojan qf99 . conserve oxygen and food supply if possible -- roy close he eye . dissolve to : ext . space - uranus the planet , in the distance . Roy 's spacecraft pass it ... dissolve to : 92 . int . cepheus sound . it 's a 1930 's radio show that somehow he craft have pick up . roy 's eye OPEN . a strange and natural and unexplained space phenomenon occur . what look like fireflies flow through the capsule . it 's hallucinatory and roy sees they through sedate eye . he reach up to touch they ; the SPARKS seem to float right through he hand . ( this unexplain phenomenon do exist . ) his body begins to lift up , out of the seat . he stays in place because of the seatbelt . his breathing become heavier . Close to some kind of panic . Roy start to hyperventilate , struggling . he inject something into he arm . as we : CUT to : ext . space - neptune the blue planet . still . eerie . int . cepheus a chime : computer voice Task load index complete . roy unbuckle himself . move back to the pilot 's seat . ext . space - near neptune now : Roy 's spaceship , the cepheus , come into view , its retro - thruster fire on full blast ( in utter silence ) to slow its velocity . new angle more prominently now , the ring of neptune . closer angle 93 . on one of the outer ring . the cepheus be tiny against the magnificent vista . int . cepheus Roy pilot the craft as it near the edge of the ring , and keep pace with the speed of the ring 's orbit . Roy look down at the console . blinking : '' craft oxygen level : 12 percent '' he look out he window and be momentarily energize by Neptune 's blue glow . the ring be more visible now . they be magnificent , comprise of various - size rock of dirt and ice that circle around we , almost like car on a racetrack . Roy look at the control panel , the monitor . roy mcbride locate signal source . computer voice the source be [ scientifically correct location , tbd ] . he pull a large switch . the cockpit board flash : '' autopilot engaged '' . roy punch the galatea coordinate into he spacesuit sleeve . a blinking red light on the console . he reach over , toggles the switch : ext . the cepheus —- continuous Roy emerge from the craft , in he suit . he remains tethered to the craft . the craft , move along with the orbit ring of detritus , begin to move closer to the ring ... closer to the ring he maneuver he way behind the cockpit section of the craft , so he be protect from the detritus of neptune ring by the crafta body itself . he remove a SMALL solar panel --about five feet in length , and about three feet in width -- from the side of the cepheus . 94 , he climb to the rotating artificial gravity wheel . he grab onto one of the spinning windmill - like blade . he unhook he tether . he hold on . spinning and spinning . dizzying . he look at he sleeve . a compass number keep scanning different directional coordinate . and then -- at just the right moment -~ he lets go . he be propelled through space , without he tether . ext . through the ring he enter the ring . miniscule particle begin to hit the solar panel that roy use as he shield . some come insanely close to roy , to he head , to puncture he suit . the solar panel be getting nicked and damaged by the particulate , but it protect Roy . ext . cloud of neptune he tumble further , now entering the cloud of neptune . the cloud be dense , like bad cloud cover during a airplane flight . except --they be a rich , intense blue . as Roy tumble , the shade of the cloud go from that blue to a beautiful and beyond -this - earth pink , then to a deep magenta . and then it begins to appear , ever so faintly . a spacecraft . it be tethered to the slowly rotating moon call galatea which orbit neptune inside Neptune 's atmosphere . it be the lima project . closer and closer it come to we . roy seem spinning toward it , out of control . 95 . and then he throws the thruster in he pack . his tumble gradually get under control . he stop . outside the lima project station . in the distance : a symmetrical series of scanning mirror telescope . in a lattice . new angle of roy - behind he , in the deep distance , be Earth , a tiny pinprick of light 900 million mile away . ( see recent cassini photograph . ) then , CUT to what he sees : hover over the station , still far away from Roy , be : astronaut . appear as figure on the dark blue horizon , levitate over neptune . the line of astronaut float , still . roy push a button on he wrist . we hear static . roy mcbride lima project . this be Major Roy McBride . I have take control of the cepheus , United States armed force Space division . I be attempt to reach Dr. clifford McBride . over . static . no movement . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) repeat : lima Project , this be the cepheus , of the United States armed force Space division . I be attempt to reach Dr. McBride . do you read . no response . roy turn he right wrist over . '' mmu oxygen level : 21 percent '' '' thrust level : 39 percent '' he move toward the surface of the lima project station . as_ he doe , he look to he right to see , maybe a mile away ( hard to tell relative direction here ) , the very beginnings of a graphene arc . 96 . ext . / int . lima project station Roy '' float '' inside . the craft / Station have a kind of large a - frame . Roy venture through the CENTER of the station . huge space fill with self-replicators that do not resemble anything anthropormorphic , but rather look like the kind of machine which make automobile . we hear Roy 's breathing . roy 's p.o.v . - the robot be in repose , ready to be awaken . we continue to hear Roy 's breathing ... he pass the anthropoid robot , and enter another , even larger , area . roy 's p.o.v . - a flurry of automated activity , as we pass every species of robot , from giant vehicle to small , squat machine , glide to and for . some be fitte with grab and manipulator and cut / welding equipment . again , no sign of human . the robot move slowly , with secret purpose , warning light whirling for the benefit of the unseen human . int . inner sanctum roy now venture to see , on both side : window , through which we can spot the interior of the lima project . as Roy make some final adjustment to he equipment , we notice one of the very small robot on the side of the a - Frame . a camera mount on it silently rotate towards Roy , and a red light blink on next to the camera . it know Roy be here . Roy look right into it : roy mcbride I be Major Roy McBride . do you read . I be attempt to reach Dr. McBride . again , no answer . roy place explosive charge on the doorframe of the lima station . they blow . just then , a aperture on the station open up . roy venture inside . like he be entering a dream . 97 . int . lima project —- dormitories human body be floating , gravity - free . the fluorescent light flicker . we still hear only roy 's breathing . loud , present . we be completely inside he head . Roy find himself inside a kitchen - type area , which be house somewhere within a laboratory . there be machine and equipment and table and sink , but no people besides Roy . there 's zero gravity here . roy' point-of - view : a door be OPEN , revealing a dark passageway light only by blue light . int . passageway Roy enter / float into it . all of a sudden , all the monitor on each side -- and there be several --switch on . the light brighten . on the screen : roy 's father ! dr . H. clifford mcbride . Roy halt : H. clifford mcbride this will be the final message record by the lima Project . we effort have come to a end , and its entire story must be tell in the hope that someday it will be know . roy move closer to the screen . it be he father , virtually seem to speak from the dead : H. clifford mcbride ( cont ’d ) we come here to pursue mankind 's most noble goal : the search for intelligent life beyond the Earth . but we telescope have repeatedly confirm only the singular importance -- and ephemerality -- of we moon , ocean , and magnetic field . after extensive analysis , we now confirm that we be entirely alone in the reachable universe . we shall no longer honor false god ; there be no intelligent life elsewhere , and the rage of the cosmos will destroy we in time . ( more ) H. clifford mcbride ( cont ’d ) for this reason , we on the lima Project have begin to devise a plan for a new system -- with galaxy , star , and planet . we dream to be the first lifeform to make the universe anew . close angle on roy mcbride . int . narrow stairwell Roy climb the step . we still hear , continuing : H. clifford mcbride ( v.o ) with the vast store of antimatter we have discover here , we research focus on the creation of a new big bang . such a project would take perhaps several thousand year to develop . but only such a bold , long - term endeavor would untether we from the earth and ensure the permanent survival of we species . int . control CENTER - station 98 . CUT to : Roy float toward the Control Center . like the Control Tower of a large airport , it 's somewhat dark -- but everything be on . multiple monitor , screen , gauge , etc. , all like a symphony of blink , flutter color and light . H. clifford mcbride ( v.o ) we research be contain on the onboard vd recorder . it be the most extensive set of data ever assemble about the visible universe . this must be bring back to Earth so that we scientist can be convinced to act . however , we computer system be currently prevent all outside communication . as it be charge only with the continue pursuit of intelligent life , it have be unable to adapt to we change prerogative . all attempt to reprogram it have fail . with no alternative , we seek to return to the Earth . 99 . Roy look around at the many screen in front of he ; they be like security cameras , constantly cut from one angle to another . one angle reveal : a spacecraft , with a gantry . modest size . close shot on roy . then close shot on image of spacecraft . then : roy scan through BASIC blueprint plan of the lima project 's craft . int . databank —- lima project it be rows of data , store . a cloud for all the information collect by the Project . Roy float through it , approach two large orange steel cannister : '' voyage data recorder '' he pull they out from the frame . over this , we still hear : H. clifford mcbride ( cont ’d ) a craft be assemble from 3 - D - print part , piece by piece , out of view of the onboard system . but it be recognize upon completion , and we nuclear fuel have be intentionally destroy by the system . this result in the catastrophic destruction of moon larissa . all of we have suffer severe radiation poisoning . Brain death be imminent . the onboard system will likely maintain only we organ function in order for it to remain operational . int . live quarter close shot : '' DR. cliff mcbride '' . a paper tab , handwritten . on the door of he live quarter . Roy float into / enter the live quarter . H. clifford mcbride ( v.o. ) we hope we will be mourn by a mother Earth that dare send so many of she son and daughter into the unknown . in ancient day , human being look at star and see they heroes in the constellation . in modern time , we heroes have become creature of flesh and blood . ( more ) 100 . H. clifford mcbride ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) other will follow we , and surely find they way home . we mission must not be deny . he look around . he sees the space . it be modest , with science book , and diaries , and family photo everywhere , pin on the wall . then we hear francesca 's voice , more present than clifford mcbride 's have be : francesca 's voice '' the brain be wider than the sky , for , put they side by side , the other will include , with ease , and you beside ... '' ( beat ) it 's so beautiful ... do you want to hear another one ...? then , appear : francesca ! seated , somehow still obey gravity as roy float ! she stare , say nothing . Roy do not know what to do , or say . he stop he movement . he lift he arm toward she ... she get up , begin to walk toward roy ! ! near he now , he reach out , and ... he hand and arm go right through her !!!! she walk right through he , sit down at the other end . Roy look around the space and sees now that it 's like he home where he grow up , he home from picture . projected . it 's all hologram . he sees : himself , as a child , on the floor , playing with truck . and he mother , leanne , younger . his hand can go right through they , too . ( as roy float , this hologram remain '' earthbound '' ; that be , they seem to have '' gravity '' . ) Roy turn back to look at francesca . she be in conversation with someone '' offscreen , '' smile , look lovely and warm and everything a idealize version of she would be . close angle on roy . we hear the pitter - patter of rain . rain ? all other SOUND drop out . and we : CUT to : 101 . ext . new york - the cloister - rainy day a lower gray sky . desert . a monastery on the upper west side of new york 's manhattan island . a portcullis . cobblestone . the video we see , yes , but now we be '' here , '' in the space . a group of child play . adult speak to each other , stand behind the child , watch they play , make small talk . the scene have a strange , dare we say , unearthly quality to it . there be a distance to it ; not a emotional distance , but a visual distance . a haze , almost . a dreamlike quality . a smaller group of adult , and two child , be here , too . they be nearby and yet somehow apart . we see : roy 's mother , leanne . much younger . she seem preoccupied , though she smile a lot as she attend to the child . also here be some other woman we do not know , about leanne 's age . she be completely quiet , almost nervous , as she watch the child play . then there be H. clifford mcbride , who be involved with the child , make hat for they , draw for they , joke with they . among the child : the young roy . and the young francesca ( though she be older than Roy -- she seem around 16 or 17 , he around 8 ) . she have a grin from ear to ear ; Roy do not , instead dedicated to whatever he seem to be drawing . H. clifford McBride stop clowning with another child and move to Roy 's side . warmly : H. clifford mcbride Roy ? ( beat ) Roy ? ( to Young francesca ) he get very involved in what he 's do . young francesca ( a laugh ; a smile ) it 's okay . H. clifford mcbride sweetheart , I need you to listen to I for just a moment -- you can go back to you draw very soon . Roy finally look up -- for just a brief beat . 102 . H. clifford mcbride ( cont ’d ) this be francesca . young francesca ( ebullient ) hello ! roy mcbride ( back to he draw ) hi. H. clifford mcbride she 's someone ... very close to I , someone I really care for . I want you to meet she -- I think you will really like she . Roy keep draw -- and then turn he back to her a bit . H. clifford mcbride ( cont ’d ) it 's not so easy for Roy to meet new people . it 's something we be try to work on with he . ( quieter ) we be hope he ’1ll break through it someday ... clifford approach Roy . not unsympathetically , he touch he son and attempt to communicate a important lesson about human interaction : H. clifford mcbride ( cont ’d ) ( to Roy ) when someone talk to you , you say hello , you look they in the eye . you listen , and you ask how they be -- you do not want they to think you do not care about they . Roy react immediately . he start to get teary out of embarrassment and awkwardness . sense this , she move to comfort he : young francesca it 's okay , you can go back to you draw . he just want we to meet . Roy then eye she directly , and without a word . she look at he draw . warmly : young francesca ( cont ’d ) that 's a wonderful picture . be that a rocket ? 103 . roy mcbride ( nod ; then ) my father go into space . young francesca that 's where I be from . roy mcbride ( look up , interested now ) where ? young francesca I be from Mars . which be really , really far . roy mcbride yeah . sometimes it 's more than 140 million mile away . but right now it 's only 80 million mile . young francesca ( again with a laugh ) I do not know that ! roy mcbride be you by yourself there ? young francesca no , but it feel like that sometimes . that 's why I be so glad I meet you . unexpectedly , respond to she kindness to such a degree he can overcome he shyness , he hand he draw to she . francesca look at the draw and she be very move . tear of happiness come to she eye . Roy stare at the tear as though they be foreign object . the swell of emotion from she be as strange as anything he have see . young francesca ( cont ’d ) oh -- thank you so much ! that 's so sweet of you ! it 's beautiful ! she give he a big , tender hug . Roy allow himself to be '' crush '' by the hug . Roy 's father beam ... dissolve to : 104 . int . hull of craft - corner of mcbride residential quarter a chamber that appear almost like a old '' Iron lung '' machine . Roy approach it . close shot : '' mcbride , clifford , 788919-0323 '' it 's a small , illuminate medical identification card . widen to reveal : roy , coming upon he father 's body , inside what look like a kind of electronic sarcophagus . Dr. H. clifford McBride exist in a vegetative state , rest in a large silver case . through glass , we can see that he eye be slightly OPEN , he body hooked up to life support system . monitor around the case measure he pulse and other vital sign . he be kept cold . roy move to it , open the sarcophagus . stare at he father 's lobotomized face . he lift he father 's stiff , lifeless body out of its electronic sarcophagus , pull off the diode and ivs which keep he '' alive '' . when the body emerge from the sarcophagus , it seem almost to float stand stiffly upright . it start spinning in the weightlessness . roy grab the spinning body , in a way that become a embrace . pulling the body with he , he float back out ... CUT to : ext . outside the lima project station - in space roy release he father 's body into space , pushing it toward the surface of neptune . in the distance , we see H. clifford mcbride 's body drift toward a ring around neptune . the body come in contact with a SMALL ice rock . it shatter into a million piece . like broken windshield glass . almost at the very instant that H. clifford mcbride 's body be destroy , light come on in a formerly darkened section of the lima craft . 105 . ext . space - near the lima craft - outside 3-d printed craft a spacecraft which remain docked . it have be construct for Dr. clifford McBride 's return , presumably . it now hum with life . int . 3-d printed craft Roy enter the cockpit , holding the orange vdr ( " voyage data recorder '' ) cannister . examine the craft 's system , he and we recognize that it be astonishingly similar to the cepheus . ( the spacecraft be all construct by 3-d printer , and there be a uniformity to they design and construction . ) the entire system of the craft come to life , online . as doe : radio static from the earth ! communication have be restore : roy presses the radio button , turn dial for a certain code : roy mcbride spacecom . this be Major Roy McBride . I have take it upon myself and have reach the lima Project ; all crew be decease . I have recover significant material for analysis , which I be now in the process of forward to you . the self - replicator here malfunction and must be destroy to prevent any unforseen further catastrophe . therefore , I be input target coordinate 34.34 North , 81.92 West from Earth standard vector 100 . ( beat ) I be go to attempt a return to the earth now . the onboard system indicate I 'il be arrive in approximately 41 day and 9 hour . my journey will have keep I in a isolate state for a considerable period by that time . I ... I be very much look forward to the day that solitude end . over . he flip off the radio . he pull down on a large lever which look almost like the kind of control switch for a 747 airplane . 106 . he move around the capsule , observing a printed checklist . adjust several switch . moment later Roy be settling in to he cockpit seat . he be about to put a oxygen mask on . he activate the craft 's gyroscope and control stick . then : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) outgoing mail . McBride , Roy M. send to leanne McBride . he sees a image of he mother . it 's a photo of she , with he as a little boy . a little animated bee fly around the picture , make a putt - putt SOUND . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) record voice message . after a beep -- Roy begin to record he message . as we know , he 's not much one for communicate -- especially when emotion be concerned . but here ... roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) mother , I be on a classified mission right now . ( beat ) I be by myself . the camera slowly -- almost imperceptively so-- push into he : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) ( equivocate ; then he steel himself ) I be attempt now to return to the earth . in the event I cannot , I do not want you to wonder about I . ( beat ) I would like to express to you that I realize that you give I a excellent childhood . I be grateful to you now for attempt to nurture friendship and other relationship . perhaps you do not think I remember much , but I do . sometimes the smell of certain food will bring back exceedingly pleasant memory ... on this mission I have encounter people who know father . ( more ) he stop . he head . 107 . roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) I do not know how much you know about this , but it appear he have another child , a daughter name francesca . we both meet she once . she and I talk . she inform I that father act out of the noblest principle . and that he sacrifice himself in the name of science . tear well up again . he close he eye and bow then begin to speak again : roy mcbride ( cont ’d ) mother , I , I be unable to protect she . I regret this -- terribly . even worse than I regret any negative feeling toward father . it 's lead I to commit act that you would condemn -- but be require by circumstance . it have force I to be alone , a situation I now find unacceptable . ( exhales ; regroup ) but I have succeed in my mission . I want to say goodbye now , and whatever occur on my return , I be forever you loving son . he shut off the recorder . angle on the frozen image of roy' mother . ext . space - 3-d printed craft the craft 's gantry release the ship . slowly . the craft begin to move , its rocket firing . almost at the same time : a beam , high - intensity , hit a part of the station . it explode ! in silence . the color of the explosion , set against the deep blackness of space . then another silent and colorful explosion . int . 3-d printed craft Roy look through he window to see : a series of lasers hitting various part of the station and telescope . 108 . in silence , the explosion be vast , ferocious , and somehow oddly beautiful . they illuminate the dead blackness of space even as they be utterly destructive , devastatingly so . ext . space - 3-d printed craft Roy 's rocket start to stage , after its initial burst . it leave the continued devastation of the lima project in its wake as it propel forward . int . 3-d printed craft Roy 's head shake to and fro ; the rocketas force be astonishing . ext . space - 3-d printed craft the craft fire a new set of rocket . it move on , deeper and deeper and deeper toward the earth . the radio pipe up , and it 's in the most straightforward , almost banal , tone imaginable : spacecom voice Major McBride , this be spacecom . we have verify the authenticity of you coordinate and have begin to target site accordingly . upon reentry to earth 's orbit , we will intercept you craft and you will be debrief . however , we do acknowledge the potential of you data file to transform rather radically we view of what the universe may hold . ( beat ) we wish you godspeed on you journey homeward . US spacecom out . finally , Roy 's rocket disappear from we view , hurtle back toward the earth . the end