adaptation by Charlie Kaufman and Donald Kaufman adapt from the book the orchid thief by Susan orlean September 24 , 1999 second draft ext . rocky terrain - day Endless barren landscape . no sign of life . the atmosphere be hazy , toxic-looking . volcanoe erupt . meteor bombard . lightn strike , concuss murky pool of water . silence . int . large empty live room - morning subtitle : hollywood , CA , four billion and forty year later beam ceiling and ostentatious fireplace . a few birthday card on the mantel , two of they identical : " to we dear Son on his fortieth birthday . " Charlie Kaufman , a fat , bald man in a purple sweater with tag still attach , pace the room . his incantational voice - over carpet the scene . kaufman ( v.o. ) I be old . I be fat . I be bald . my toenail have turn strange . I be repulsive . how repulsive ? I do not know for I suffer from a condition call body dysmorphic disorder . I be fat , but be I as fat as I think ? my therapist say no , but people lie . I believe other call I fatty behind my back . or fatso . or , facetiously , slim . but I also believe this be simply my own pervert form of self - aggrandizement , that no one really talk about I at all . what possible interest be a old , bald , fat man to anyone ? I be repulsive . I have never live . I blame myself . I -- ext . state road 29 - dawn a lonely two - lane highway cut through swampland . british narrator as natural selection work solely by and for the good of each be , all corporeal and mental endowment will tend to progress towards perfection . suddenly , a beat - up white van barrel around a curve . it 's follow closely by a old green Ford . subtitle : state road 29 , florida , five year earlier int . white van - continuous John laroche drive . he 's a skinny man with no front tooth . the van be pile with bag of pot soil , gardening junk . a writing of Charles darwin audio cassette case be on the seat next to laroche . ( continued ) 2 . continued : british narrator it be interesting to contemplate a entangle bank , clothed with many plant of many kind , with bird sing ... laroche try to contemplate the plant and bird whizzing by . almost too late , he spot the fakahatchee strand State preserve sign and make a squealing right onto the dirt road turn -off . the cassette case fly from the seat and half - bury itself in a open bag of peat . int . GREEN ford - continuous nirvana blast . Russell , vinson , and Randy , three young indian man , pass a joint and watch the erratic van ahead . russell laroche be asleep at the wheel . randy crazy White man be now drowsy White man . they share a stone laugh . ext . new york apartment build - night subtitle : new york , two year later late night street . the click -click of type . we move slowly up the building to the only glow window . orlean ( o.s. ) ( wistful ) John laroche be a tall guy , skinny as a stick , pale - eye , slouch - shoulder and sharply handsome despite the fact that he be miss all he front tooth . in the window , light by a single desk lamp , a woman type . int . apartment - continuous we glide over the desk pile with book about orchid , past a photo of laroche tack to a overwhelm bulletin board , and come to rest on a woman type . it 's Susan orlean : pale , delicate and blond . we lose ourselves in she melancholy beauty . she turn to the camera and talk to we . ( continued ) 3 . continued : orlean two year ago I go to Florida to meet laroche after read a small article about a white man and three seminole man arrest with rare orchid they would steal out of a place call the ... int . ranger's truck - mid-morning tony , a ranger , drive along a dirt road past the fakahatchee strand State preserve sign and enter the swamp . he see the white van and Ford park ahead , spot a seminole license plate on the Ford . he pull over down the road , and whisper into he c.b . tony we get a seminole , or seminole , in the swamp . I be on jane Scenic drive just east of log Road twelve . I repeat , Indians in the swamp . tony wait for a response . nothing . tony ( cont would ) Indians in the swamp . nothing still . tony clear he throat into the radio . radio voice I do not know what you want I to say . tony Barry , Indians do not go on swamp walk . if there be Indians in the swamp , they be in there for a reason . no response . tony glower , get out of the truck , watch the vehicle through binocular . nothing . he straighten he cap . mosquito land on he neck , he nose , he lip . int . L.A. business lunch restaurant - midday Kaufman , wear he purple sweater san tag , sit with Valerie , a attractive woman in wire - rim glass . they pick at salad . Kaufman steal glance at she lip , she hair , she breast . she look up at he . he blanch , look away . kaufman ( v.o. ) I be old . I be bald . I be repulsive . valerie we think you be just great . ( continued ) 4 . continued : kaufman ( with study modesty ) oh , thank you . Valerie absently rub she nose . Kaufman self - consciously rub he nose in response . valerie and we be thrilled you be interested . Valerie rub she nose again . Kaufman pull at he nostril . a rivulet of sweat slide down he forehead . Valerie watch it . Kaufman see she watch it . she see he see she watch it . she look at she salad . he quickly swab . kaufman oh , thanks , wow . that 's nice to hear . valerie you have a really unique voice . kaufman well , thanks . that 's ... I appreciate that . valerie very talented . really . kaufman thanks . thank you . thanks . valerie ( look up ) so -- Kaufman 's brow be drip again . he smile , embarrassed . kaufman sort of hot in here . valerie ( kindly ) yeah , it be a bit . so , why do not you tell I you thought on this crazy little project of ours . in one motion , Kaufman swab he forehead and pull a book entitle the orchid thief from he bag . kaufman first , I think it 's a great book . ( continued ) 5 . continued : ( 2 ) valerie laroche be a fun character , be not he ? Kaufman nod , flip through the book , stalling . there 's a smile author photo of Susan orlean on the inside back cover . kaufman and orlean make orchid so fascinating . plus she musing on Florida , orchid poach . Indians . great , sprawling New Yorker stuff . I would want to remain true to that , let the movie exist rather than be artificially plot drive . valerie okay , great , great . I guess I be not exactly sure what that mean . kaufman oh. well ... I be not sure exactly yet either . so ... y'know , it 's ... valerie oh. okay . great . so , um , what -- kaufman it 's just , I do not want to compromise by make it a Hollywood product . a orchid heist movie . or change the orchid into poppy and turn it into a movie about drug run . y'know ? valerie oh , of course . we agree . definitely . kaufman or cram in sex , or car chase , or gun . or character learn profound life lesson . or character grow or character change or character learn to like each other or character overcome obstacle to succeed in the end . y'know ? Movie shit . Kaufman be sweat like crazy now . Valerie be quiet for a moment . valerie see , we think maybe Susan orlean and laroche could fall in love during the course of -- ( continued ) 6 . continued : ( 3 ) kaufman alienate journalist write about passionate backwood guy and he teach she to love . I mean , it do not happen , it would not happen . it 's Hollywood . int . office - day subtitle : hollywood , california , three week earlier the office be decorate with pot flower , audobon poster , lot of book . Kaufman , nervous and sweaty , watch Margaret , a soulful development executive , unpack box . kaufman so anyway I just want to stop by to congratulate you on you promotion . margaret well , thanks again . it 's all so stupid . kaufman I think it 's great . you photo in the trade and everything . pretty cool . margaret anyway . yeah . so what 's up with you ? kaufman I be consider job . mostly crap . there 's one you might like , about flower . margaret Flowers ? really ? what be it ? kaufman they want I to do a adaptation of a book call the orchid thief . margaret oh my God ! you be kid ? I read that ! I love that book ! Kaufman be thrilled ; he 's score . Margaret pull a copy of the orchid thief from she bookshelf . margaret ( cont would ) see , see , see ! I be not lie to you ! kaufman I love the book . ( continued ) 7 . continued : margaret oh , Charlie , orchid be the most amazing flower . so complex . Margaret plop onto the couch next to Kaufman . kaufman I know . they be really great . margaret you should take this job . do not it sound exciting , to immerse yourself in a real subject and learn everything about it ? blake write about see heaven in a wild flower . and after you learn all this stuff , you can teach I ! kaufman ( thrilled but control ) that would be fun . margaret God , they be such beautiful flower . and so sexy . y'know ? ( whisper ) do you know that orchid mean -- kaufman testicle . I just read that . margaret ( shriek with delight ) testicle ! can you believe it ! Margaret giggle happily . Kaufman giggle weirdly . margaret ( cont would ) I swear , it would be fuck great for someone to have the testicles to make that book into a movie , man . instead of this bullshit all the time . something not about sex and violence and car chase and love storey , people learn profound lesson . Jesus , be not nature enough ? ext . swamp - morning hot , dirty , miserable . laroche lead the Indians through waist-high black water . he point out a turtle on a rock . ( continued ) 8 . continued : laroche pseudemy floridana . do you fella know you fella believe the world rest on the back of a turtle ? not you fella specifically . although , maybe you fella specifically . that I can not speak to . the Indians ignore he . they trudge . laroche spot something else , a dull green root wrap around a tree . he stop , circle the tree . his eye widen in reverent awe . laroche ( cont would ) polyrrhiza lindenii . a ghost . the Indians come around . laroche stare at a single beautiful , glow white flower hang from the tree . he tenderly caress the petal . then , business - like : laroche ( cont would ) cut it down , Russell . Russell pull out a hacksaw , begin saw through the tree . int . restaurant - midday Kaufman still sweat as he talk to Valerie . kaufman ... plus I love the idea of learn all about orchid . I really admire that guy who know everything about ant or fungus or whatever . I would like to be more like that . see , I tend to write self - involved , self - loathing ... even masturbatory stuff . valerie and it 's wonderful , by the way . kaufman thanks . that 's nice to hear . but I need to challenge myself as a writer . I have arrive at a age where I want to think about the world in a different way . valerie adapting someone else 's work be certainly a opportunity to think differently . ( continued ) 9 . continued : kaufman yes . and I welcome the challenge of take a small subject , like orchid , something that would never draw people into a theater and make that fascinating . I want to show people heaven in a wildflower . as blake write . int . pet store ( 1972 ) - day subtitle : NORTH miami , twenty - six year earlier a serious ten year old boy walk from cage to aquarium , study the inhabitant . he turn to he frumpy mother , who 's be follow at a respectful distance . boy any one at all , mar ? she nod sweetly . the boy return to he search . he stop at a small turtle in a aquarium . boy ( cont would ) I want this then . mother ( hugging he ) a wonderful choice ! and spiritually significant ! do you know that Native Americans believe the whole world rest on the back of a turtle ? boy cool ! I can not wait to tell the guy . ext . swamp - morning as laroche supervise , Randy , Russell , and vinson see through tree branch support lovely flowering orchid . they unceremoniously stuff the flower into bulg pillowcase . int . romantic restaurant - evening Kaufman eat with Margaret . Margaret raise a glass . margaret to a fuck awesome assignment , man . Kaufman , pleased , click glass . he take a breath . kaufman hey , I be go to a orchid show Sunday ? for research ? maybe you will come ? ( continued ) 10 . continued : margaret absolutely . I think David , this guy I be see , would enjoy it , too . he 's a real naturalist . okay if he come along ? kaufman ( cover heartbreak ) yeah , of course . sure . margaret he want to meet you anyway . all I do be tell he how great you be . kaufman oh , thanks . that 's nice to hear . margaret you will like he . he 's so honest and smart . it 's rare to find someone in this town who think about thing other than this fuck business , y'know ? kaufman yeah . that 's great . he sound great . margaret like the other day we be in bed discuss hegel . hegel ! in bed ! it be fuck amazing . have you read much ? kaufman y'know , a long time ago . a bit . y'know . margaret well , anyway , David and I be discuss he philosophy of History and I be ... the entree arrive . margaret ( cont would ) ... strike by he notion that history be a human construct ... Kaufman begin the laborious task of get through he plate of food . he can no longer look up at Margaret . kaufman yeah . margaret ... that nature do not exist historically , but rather cyclically . ( more ) ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) margaret ( cont would ) so whereas human history spiral forward , building upon itself , nature ... int . barne and noble - day Kaufman pull a bunch of orchid book off the shelf , carry they to the register , along with a book on hegel , which feature a engrave of the philosopher on the cover . Kaufman wait in line and watch the tattooe female cashier flirt with the handsome guy ahead of he . he study they interaction , the way she look at he . her eye , she lip . the guy leave and the cashier wave Kaufman over . as she ring he up , she express no interest in he . he 's hurt and fixate on a sexy flower tattoo on she arm . she catch he , pull down she sleeve . ext . jane scenic drive - morning tony wait , sweaty and mosquito bitten . the radio crackle . radio voice how 's that injun round - up go , tony ? tony fuck you , Barry , you fuckin ' ... rustling near the park car . tony tense . laroche step from the swamp with the Indians , who haul the pillowcase . tony ( cont would ) we get poacher . ( into the radio , pleased ) we get fuckin ' poacher , Barry . ha ! tony jump into the truck and turn it around . int . orlean' apartment - night orlean type . her delicate finger move with a pianist 's grace across the computer keyboard . orlean ( v.o. ) orchid hunt be a mortal occupation . ext . tropical river - day subtitle : orinoco river , one hundre year earlier a overturn boat and uproote orchid float on the river . orlean ( v.o. ) the victorian - era orchid hunter William Arnold drown on a collect expedition . 12 . ext . cliff - day subtitle : sierra leone a man lie at the bottom of a cliff , clutching a flower . orlean ( v.o. ) schroeder fall to he death . ext . field - day subtitle : rio hacha a man lie face down near a unpluck orchid . orlean ( v.o. ) endre be shot dead in Rio hacha . ext . river - day subtitle : yangtze river a emaciate , limping , wheeze man with a makeshift bandage wrap around he head , dock he boat . orlean ( v.o. ) augustus margary survive toothache , rheumatism , pleurisy , and dysentery ... someone step from behind a bush , stab he , steal he boat . orlean ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) ... only to be murder when he complete he mission and travel beyond bhamo . the murderer sail down river . orlean ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) laroche love orchid but I come to believe he love the difficulty and fatality of get they almost as much as he love the orchid themselves . ext . jane scenic drive - morning tony step out of he truck . laroche smile warmly . tony Morning . May I ask what you gentleman have in that pillowcase ? laroche yes , sir , you absolutely may . ( continued ) 13 . continued : laroche go back to direct the Indians . tony 's confuse . tony okay , I be ask then . laroche oh , okay then ! let 's see ... ( peek in bag ) five kind of bromeliad , one peperomia , nine orchid variety . about a hundred and thirty plant all tell , which my colleague have remove from the swamp . tony you be aware that it 's illegal to remove plant or animal from state own land ? laroche and do not forget this plant be all endangered , sir . every one of they . tony exactly . well , that 's exactly the issue . this be a state preserve . laroche yes , sir , it be . ( afterthought ) oh , and my colleague be all seminole Indians . do I mention that ? you be familiar , I be sure , with the State of Florida v. James E. billie . tony nod , even though he have no idea . laroche ( cont would ) so you know that even though seminole Chief billie kill a Florida panther , one of , what , forty in the entire world ? laroche look to the Indians for confirmation . they give it . laroche ( cont would ) the state could not successfully prosecute he . because he 's a indian and it 's he right . as repugnant as you or I as white conservationist might find he action . tony but -- ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) laroche not to mention the fail attempt on three separate occasion to prosecute seminole for poach palm frond , which , I believe , they use to thatch the roof of they traditional chickee hut . laroche again look to the Indians for confirmation . russell he 's right . that 's exactly what we use they for . chickee hut . tony look at the Indians . randy yeah . vinson yeah . russell yeah . tony yeah , but I do not ... I can not let you fella go yet . just hold on while I ... ( into radio ) hey , Barry , can I get some help ? Barry ? int . rental car - day we watch orlean as she drive out of the Miami Airport parking lot , onto the freeway , past congestion and billboard . her mournful face glow beautifully , dramatically with golden sunlight . she talk to we . orlean nothing in Florida seem hard or permanent . the develop place be just little clearing in the jungle , but the jungle be unstoppably fertile , everything be always grow or expand . at the same time , the wilderness disappear before you eye . orlean get quiet . her eye tear . ext . suburban backyard - day subtitle : akron , ohio , thirty year earlier ( continued ) 15 . continued : lush color . a seven year old girl be gleeful as she parent push she on a swing . she watch from the air as she mother and father , deeply in love , kiss between push . ext . big spanish - style house - day Kaufman get out of he car with he book . two teenage girl walk by . Kaufman watch as one whisper to the other . he think he hear the word " fatso . " the girl giggle . int . empty house - a couple of minute later Kaufman pass a hall mirror , regards himself glumly , and climb the stair . kaufman ( v.o. ) I be fat . I be repulsive . I can not bear my own reflection . at the landing Kaufman come upon Donald , he identical twin brother , on he back in pajama bottom , open a gift box . donald do you open you present from mom yet ? kaufman what 's with you ? donald my back . Kaufman nod vaguely , continue down the hall . Donald pull a purple sweater from the box , call after Kaufman . donald ( cont would ) hey , Charles , you will be glad , I have a plan to get I out of you house pronto . kaufman a job be a plan . be you plan a job ? donald ( big build up ) I be gonna be a screenwriter ! like you ! Kaufman do not respond , enter he bedroom . donald ( cont would ) I know you think this be just one of my get-rich - quick scheme . but I be do it right this time . I be take a seminar ! 16 . int . empty bedroom - continuous Kaufman lie face down on he mattress on the floor . donald ( o.s. ) it 's only five hundred buck ! kaufman ( muffle by pillow ) screenwrite seminar be bullshit . Kaufman pull a copy of variety , open to a photo of Margaret , from under he pillow . he get lose in the picture . donald ( o.s. ) in theory I agree with you . but this one be highly regard within the industry . kaufman Donald , do not say " industry . " Donald , now in the sweater , appear on all four in the doorway . Kaufman put the paper back under he pillow . donald I be sorry , I forget . Charles , this guy know screenwrite . people from all over come to study he method . I will pay you back , man . as soon as I sell -- kaufman let I explain something to you . donald yeah , okay . kaufman anybody who say he 's get " the answer " be go to attract desperate people . be it in the world of religion -- donald ( indicate he back ) I just need to lie down while you explain this to I . sorry . I apologize . ( lie down , stare at ceiling ) okay , go ahead . sorry . okay . go. kaufman there be no rule to follow , Donald , and anybody who say there be , be just -- ( continued ) 17 . continued : donald not rule , principle . Mc kee write : " a rule say , you must do it this way . a principle say , this work ... and have through all remember time . " kaufman the script I be start , it 's about flower . no one 's ever do a movie about flower before . so , there be no guideline , and that 's good because -- donald what about Flowers for algernon ? kaufman that 's not about flower . and it 's not a movie . donald oh , okay , I never see it . go ahead . kaufman my point be , that teacher be dangerous if you goal be to do something new . and a writer should always have that goal . write be a journey into the unknown . it 's not building a model airplane . Donald stare at the ceiling , fume . Kaufman wait . get no no response , he pull out he hegel book and read : kaufman ( v.o. ) each be be , because posit , a op - posit , a conditional and conditioning , the understand complete this its limitation by positing the opposite ... Kaufman 's head be spin . he put the book down . both brother stare at the ceiling . Donald finally speak donald mckee be a former fulbright scholar . be you a former fulbright scholar , Charles ? int . kitchen ( 1972 ) - evening the young boy eat with he family . his father wear a backbrace , he sister be weak and anemic . only he sweet mother pay attention as he chatter excitedly . ( continued ) 18 . continued : boy turtles be of the order testudine ! mother really ? testudine ? boy yeah . and they be find on every continent ! except antarptica ! mother Antarctica . every continent , huh ? boy uh-huh . the turtle shell have remain unchange for two hundred million year ! and there 's all different kind , pelusio gabonensis , phyrnops rufipe , chitra indica , dermochely coriacea coriacea ... ext . swamp - late morning Ranger , sheriff , and state police car be park near the van and Ford . lot of sweat , uniform people . the pillowcase have be emptied , the plant lie on black plastic sheet . a guy sprinkle water on they . laroche enthusiastically help Ranger Mike Owen catalogue the flower . the Indians lean against they car , bored and smoking . nirvana seep tinnily out the car window . laroche ... and what we have here , my friend , be ... thirteen encyclia cochleata ... four encyclia tampensis -- mike owen I be sorry , encyclia what ? laroche ( point to each ) coch-le-ata . tem-pen-sis. ( check Owen 's spelling ) okay , let 's see , twenty - two epidendrum nocturnum . a very good haul . two catopsi floribunda . Three polyrrhiza lindenii , the ghost orchid . what I really come for . this sweety grow nowhere in the U.S. except in you swamp . mike owen that true ? Boy , you really know you plant , Mr. laroche . ( continued ) 19 . continued : laroche yeah . I do . I be one of the world 's foremost expert . but that will all be reveal at the hearing . int . empty dine room - day Kaufman sit at a card table , pick at a salad and read a orchid book . Donald lie on the floor , chomping a hoagie and read a copy of Story by Robert mckee . kaufman ( v.o. ) the orchidaceae be a large , ancient family of perennial plant with ... Kaufman , bored , look over at Donald , whose cheek be stuff with food . donald ( v.o. ) the most memorable , fascinating character tend to have not only a conscious but a unconscious desire . although this character be unaware of they subconscious need ... kaufman maybe you should watch what you eat , Donald . do you ever consider maybe you be a bit fat ? do it ever occur to you , you kind of represent I in the world ? that people look at you and think , he 's Charlie 's twin , therefore that 's what Charlie must look like ? donald by the way , mom 's pay for the seminar . kaufman do you even hear what I say ? donald yeah . anyway . I pitch mom my screenplay -- kaufman Jesus , do not say " pitch . " donald sorry . anyway , she love my ... tell of my story to she . she say it 's like " silence of the lamb " meet " psycho . " ( continued ) 20 . continued : kaufman hey , maybe you and mom could collaborate . I hear she 's really good with structure . donald you think you be so superior , Charles . well , I be really gonna write this . and you will see . and , and ... you suck , okay ? the two glare at each other . they go back to they book . kaufman ( v.o. ) Florida be a landscape of transition ... donald ( v.o. ) do not proliferate character ; do not multiply location . Rather than hopscotch through time , space , and people , discipline yourself to a reasonably contain cast and world ... int . rental car - day orlean drive on State Road 29 , past prefab housing , into swampland . she talk to we . orlean Florida be a landscape of transition and mutation , a hybrid of unruliness and orderliness , nature and artifice . she brushes a wisp of hair from she face and tuck it behind she small , pretty ear . we linger on the ear , which grow pink with sunlight . orlean catch we and smile shyly . int . empty bedroom - day Kaufman trace a stubby , nail - bitten finger along State Road 29 along a Florida road map . he turn to he typewriter , and type in a clumsy hunt - and - peck style . kaufman ( v.o. ) we open on State Road 29 . a lonely stretch of road cut through untamed swampland . suddenly a beat - up white van barrel around a curve . it 's driver : a skinny man with no front tooth ... int . court room - day the proceedings be in progress . orlean hurry in , sit in the back . ( continued ) 21 . continued : laroche , in a Miami hurricane cap , wrap -around mylar sunglass , and a Hawaiian shirt , be on the stand . Alan lerner , the tribe 's lawyer , question he . lerner finally , Mr. laroche , what be you experience in the area of horticulture ? laroche okay , I have be a professional horticulturist for twelve year . I have own a plant nursery of my own which be destroy by the hurricane . I be a professional plant lecturer . I have give at least sixty lecture on the cultivation of plant . I be a publish author , both in magazine and book form . I have extensive experience with orchid , and the asexual micropropagation of orchid under aseptic culture . this be laboratory work , not at all like you nursery work . ( grin ) I be probably the smartest person I know . lerner thank you . laroche you be very welcome . int . barne and noble - day as she ring up he book , Kaufman admire the cashier 's flower tattoo . she catch he and smile with red , wet , pierce lip . she unbutton she blouse and show he a breast with a heart tattoo . a sweet heartbeat turn to knock . int . empty bedroom - night Kaufman , in bed masturbate , look up at the close door . kaufman what ?! the door open . Donald stand there for a moment in shadow . donald look , you wanna hear my pitch , or what ? kaufman go away . God damn it . ( continued ) 22 . continued : donald ( lose ) y'know , I be just try to do something . Kaufman squint at he brother , sit up , wait . donald ( cont 'd ) hey , thanks a lot , man . cool. ( flick on light , then in pitch mode : ) okay , there 's this serial killer , right -- Kaufman groan , lie down , pull the cover over he face . donald ( cont 'd ) no , wait . see , he 's be hunt by a cop . and he 's taunting the cop , right ? send clue who he next victim be . he 's already hold she hostage in he creepy basement . so the cop get obsessed with figure out she identity , and in the process he fall in love with she . even though he 's never even meet she . she become , like , the unattainable , like the Holy grail . kaufman ( through a blanket ) it 's a little obvious , do not you think ? donald okay , but there 's a twist . see , we find out the killer suffer from multiple personality disorder . okay ? see , he 's really also the cop and the girl . all of they . it 's all he ! be not that crazy ? Donald wait , proud . Kaufman pull off the cover . kaufman look , the only idea more overuse than serial killer , be multiple personality . on top of that you explore the notion that cop and criminal be really two aspect of the same person . see every cop movie ever make for other example of this . donald Mom call it psychologically taut . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) kaufman the other thing be , there 's no way to write this . do you consider that ? I mean , how exactly would you show a character hold himself hostage ? donald trick photography ? kaufman okay , that 's not what I be ask . what I be ask be in the reality of this movie , if there 's only one character , right ?... okay ? how could you ... what exactly would the scene ... how ... Donald wait blankly . Kaufman give up , get out of bed , dress . kaufman ( cont would ) I agree with mom . very taut . sybil meet .. I dunno , something very taut . Kaufman exit . ext . courthouse - day orlean exit the courthouse and watch laroche in a huddle with lerner , vinson , and buster baxley , vice - president of the tribe 's business operation . they be all smoking intently . laroche they be gonna fuck crucify I . baxley I will go into the fakahatchee with a chainsaw . I swear to God . lerner buster , for cry out loud , I remind she the Indians use to own fakahatchee . look , we will deal with all this at trial . buster wave a dismissive hand at lerner , walk away . vinson shrug , stub he cigarette , follow buster . lerner and laroche stand there a moment . lerner walk off . laroche crack he neck . a charmingly shy orlean approach . orlean Mr. laroche ? orlean smile , apologetic for the intrusion . ( continued ) 24 . continued : orlean ( cont 'd ) my name 's Susan orlean , I be a writer for the New Yorker . it 's a maga -- laroche I be familiar with the New Yorker . the New Yorker , yes , the New Yorker . right ? orlean right . so I be interested in do a piece about you situation down here . laroche scowl , smoke furiously , then , a test : laroche yeah ? put this in : I do not care what go on here . I be right , and I will take this all the way to the Supreme Court . that judge can screw herself . orlean scribbles on she pad . laroche twist he head to see that she 's write " judge can screw herself . " laroche ( cont would ) that for real would go in ? orlean nod . laroche smile he toothless smile at orlean . ext . field - morning music : lush , profound orchestral piece . a glorious orange , large - petalle orchid bloom in dramatic time - lapse . we slowly , lovingly circle the flower . sensuous female narrator the orchidaceae be a large , ancient family of perennial plant with one fertile stamen and a three petalle flower . in most orchid species , one petal be enlarge into a lip and be the most conspicuous part of the flower . int . california pizza kitchen - day Kaufman , in a booth , read he orchid book , take note . kaufman ( v.o. ) the orchidaceae be a large , ancient ... he 's bored , look up , watch a waitress with glorious , orange hair , pouty lip , soulful eye , and a voluptuous form turn slowly around , scan she station . ( continued ) 25 . continued : she see Kaufman , approach , and smile warmly down at he . her badge read : Alice , arcadia , CA . Kaufman sweat . alice so what look good today ? kaufman um. hi. thank you . the key lime pie , please . a small slice . I be watch my ... and a coffee , please . skim milk . alice ( see book ) orchid ! I absolutely love orchid . he go blank . kaufman yes . they be really great . he flinch at he response . a small awkward pause . alice so , I will be right back with you pie . she smile warmly again and leave . Kaufman be humiliate . ext . orchid show - day Alice the waitress and Kaufman walk hand - in-hand , inspect sexy orchid together . she smile warmly at he . alice ( I love you ) I absolutely love orchid . int . empty room - night Kaufman finish jerk off . he lie lonely in the dark . int . suburban backyard - evening Dark and mute . the seven year old girl be push on the swing by she father . from the air she see she mother , tiny and lose , sit across the yard smoking . ext . HOTEL parking lot - morning orlean lean against a car and smoke . a tiny , lose figure . there 's a honk . orlean snap out of she reverie to see laroche screeching to a stop in he bang - up van . ( continued ) 26 . continued : orlean ( to camera ) a few day after the hearing , laroche take I to a orchid show in Miami . she open the passenger door . orlean ( cont would ) hi. thanks for pick -- laroche I want you to know this van be a piece of shit . when I hit the jackpot , I will buy myself a awesome car , maybe a aurora . orlean nod , climb in , and try to rearrage some of the junk on the front seat so she will have a place to sit . laroche ( cont would ) sit on top of that . you will not hurt it . she situate herself on the seat . laroche lurch off . int . van - day laroche drive manically . orlean watch the road and hold one hand against the dashboard . laroche the thing you gotta know be my whole life be look for a goddamn profitable plant . and that 's the ghost . orlean why the ghost orchid ? laroche the sucker 's rare . collector covet what be not available . I be the only one in the world who know how to cultivate it . he look at she and smile . orlean smile back and indicate , with a small jerk of the head , that he might want to watch the road . he do not take the hint . laroche ( cont would ) the plan be , get the Indians to pull it from the swamp . I research it . as long as I do not touch the plant , Florida can not touch we . then I would clone hundred of they baby in my lab , sell them , and make the seminole a shitload of change . ( continued ) 27 . continued : in handwrite make jerky by the bounce van , orlean write " shitload of change " on she notepad . laroche ( cont would ) and I stop future poach by make the flower readily available in store . then I give a big speech at the trial about how the legislature should get rid of loophole smart people like I can find . I be a hero . the flower be save . laroche and nature win . ext . swamp - day Old black and white footage , take from up high , of two 19th century man lead a horse draw cart full of poach orchid . orlean ( v.o. ) Men from Florida dominate the orchid hunt scene . hunters in the fakahatchee haul out thousand of orchid in horse - draw flatbe cart . the camera swoops down , close to the man . as it do , the image transform . it turn to color , the man become mannequin , the horse become papier - mache : it 's a display . a live man in modern work clothes be arrange actual orchid in the cardboard cart . int . car - day Kaufman drive slowly past barne and Noble , squint in the window , see the tattooe cashier . he pass Burger King , see a pretty employee , the same at Starbucks . glass - in woman on display , different type , different attitude . Kaufman stop in front of the California pizza Kitchen . Alice and she orange hair glow through the window . he hesitates , then drive off . int . empty bedroom - morning Kaufman sit on the floor and type . kaufman ( v.o. ) a beautiful orange orchid bloom in time - lapse -- Donald enter . Kaufman ignore he , continue type . Donald dawdle , pick up the orchid thief , flip through it . ( continued ) 28 . continued : kaufman ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) the camera circle it , revealing how lovely and perfect and sweet and invite and delicate and ... donald cool . kaufman what do you want , Donald ? donald nothing . I just read about that swamp ape that supposedly life in the swamp ? like bigfoot ? you should put that in you script , like , kill people or something . that would be very , very cool . kaufman why be you in here now ? donald nothing , I be just ... oh , one thing , I need a cool way to kill people . do not worry ! for my script ! ha ha ! Kaufman stare at Donald , rub he eye , then : kaufman um , okay , killer 's a literature professor who cut off little chunks of he victim ' body until they die . he would be know in the tabloid as " the deconstructionist . " donald that 's kinda good . I like that . kaufman see , I be kid , Donald . donald oh , okay . sorry . you get I ! heh -heh . do you mind if I use it , though ? int . boy' bedroom ( 1972 ) - night there be now many turtles in aquarium . many turtle book and poster . the boy , in a turtle T-shirt , look out the window into the darkness . his eye be troubled . 29 . int . live room ( 1972 ) - continuous the boy come downstairs . his father , in he backbrace , watch tv ; he sister lie on the couch , semi-conscious , more pale than before . his mother pat the girl 's head with a damp cloth . there 's a little hindu altar with candle . mother ( praying softly ) for certain be death for the bear / and certain be birth for the dead / therefore over the inevitable / thou shouldst not grieve . sweet , sweet Diane . the boy survey the sad scene . his mother look up , smile . mother ( cont 'd ) a slice of pie for my turtle expert ? the boy beam with pride , then get solemn . boy Mom , there 's something I feel I have to do . I do not know how to do this , but I feel in my stomach that I have to . mother what do you have to do , honey ? boy collect one of every turtle in the world . ( beat ) it 's a long list , mar . cuora galbinifron , graptemys versa , callagur borneoensis , all the galapagos species , people think there 's only one , but that 's hardly the case . cycloderma frenatum , cuora pani ... ( sigh ) I do not think my life be worth live if I can not do this . the boy and he mother look at each other . mother well , we would better get start , huh , baby ? the boy nod he head solemnly . int . van - day laroche drive , solemnly nodd he head . orlean study he for a moment , she sad eye wet and glisten . ( continued ) 30 . continued : orlean wow , that 's some story . so how many turtles do you end up collect ? laroche ( matter -of - fact ) oh , I lose interest right after that . orlean oh . laroche I drop turtles when I fall in love with Ice Age fossil . learned everything about they . collect the shit out of them . fossils be the only thing make any sense to I in this fuck world . y'know ? they drive in silence . orlean watch a fly heron . laroche ( cont 'd ) then fossil be over when I find lapidary , which I just adore . orlean okay , now what be lap -- laroche ditched lapidary for resilvering old mirror . do that with my mom for a while . we have the large collection of 19th century dutch mirror on the planet . perhaps you read about we . Mirror World October ' 88 ? I have a copy somewhere ... laroche fish through junk as he drive . orlean so , do you ever miss the turtles ? the only thing that make you ten year old life worth live ? laroche I will tell you a story . I once fall deeply , profoundly in love with tropical fish . I have sixty goddamn fish tank in my house . I would skin-dive to find just the right one . anisotremus virginicus , holacanthus ciliaris , chaetodon capistratus . you name it . then one day I say , fuck fish . I renounce fish . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) laroche ( cont would ) I vow to never set foot in the ocean again , that 's how much fuck fish . that be seventeen year ago and I have never since stick so much as a toe into that ocean . and I love the ocean ! orlean ( beat ) but why ? laroche ( shrug ) done with fish . int . therapist's office - day Kaufman sit in silence across from he female therapist . therapist so -- kaufman I be still obsessed with that girl . therapist the Burger King girl ? dimple and sparkly eye ? kaufman California pizza Kitchen . therapist oh. Red hair and nice ? like orchid ? kaufman yeah . she 's really nice . I feel pretty certain she like I maybe . therapist so do you think you will talk to this one ? int . california pizza kitchen - day Kaufman , hair comb , sit nervously in a booth , watch Alice . he tense as she come up to he . she smile warmly . kaufman hi! alice hey ! some key lime pie for ya today ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : kaufman ( thrilled she remember ) okay , yeah ! that sound great ! yeah ! alice I will pick you out a extra large piece . preferred customer . she wink at he . he 's so in love . kaufman thank you . that 's really sweet of you . alice still read about orchid , I hope . kaufman yes , I be , in fact ! beautiful flower . alice a friend of mine have a pretty little pink one , grow right on a tree branch . kaufman that 's what 's call a epiphyte . alice ( point at he excitedly ) right ! Boy , you know you stuff , huh ? kaufman not really . I be just learn . epiphyte grow on tree , but they be not parasite . they get all they nourishment from the air and rain . alice well , I be impressed . that 's great . awkward pause . kaufman there be more than thirty thousand kind of orchid in the world . alice wow , that 's a lot , huh ? okay , then , so I will be right back with a nice big slice of key lime pie for my orchid expert . he beam . she smile and turn to leave . Kaufman blurt : ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) kaufman but , so , anyway , I be also wonder ... Alice turn back , still smile . kaufman ( cont would ) I be go up to this orchid show on Saturday in Santa Barbara and I -- Alice 's smile slip away . her warmth dissipate . alice oh , um , well -- kaufman I be sorry . I apologize . I be sorry . alice ( nodd ) so I will be right back with you pie then . he nod , watch Alice walk away and say something to another waitress . the other waitress look over at he . he sweat . kaufman ( v.o. ) I be fat . I be old . I be repulsive . the other waitress bring he pie . he smile a thank you . int . new york apartment - morning orlean sit at she desk and talk to we . orlean there be more than thirty thousand know orchid species . one species look like a german shepherd ... ext . santa barbara orchid show - day Kaufman walk alone among the crowd of orchid enthusiast , past a Santa Barbara orchid Society sign . he try to study the flower . they be dull . he force himself to look . orlean ( v.o. ) ... one look like a onion , one look like a octopus . one look ... Kaufman find he attention drift from orchid to woman : all different shape , color , personality , some in subtle clothing , some in garish clothing , all glow . ( continued ) 34 . continued : orlean ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) ... like a school teacher , one look like a gymnast , one look like a midwestern beauty queen , one look like a New York intellectual with whom you would do the Sunday Times crossword puzzle in bed . one look like that girl in high school with creamy skin . one have eye that dance . one have eye that contain the sadness of the world . he be sick with adoration for the woman , who pay he no mind . orlean ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) nothing in science can account for the way some people feel about orchid . that love they , love they madly . one by one the woman turn to the man they be with : a whisper in the ear , a share look , a arm slip through a arm . Kaufman be alone in this sea of people and flower . ext . swamp - day teenage laroche and he mother tromp through the swamp . he carry a camera on a tripod . they spot a beautiful flower . laroche be in awe . teenaged laroche encyclia tempensis . the butterfly . laroche set up the tripod , focus on the flower . his mother almost cry at the flower 's beauty . mother " you will find something more in wood than in book . tree and stone will teach you that which you can never learn from master . " Saint Bernard say that . teenaged laroche that 's pretty , mar . mother Diane would have love this flower , johnny . teenaged laroche maybe somehow she can see it . y'know ? mother ( beat ) so ... after this one how many , honey ? ( continued ) 35 . continued : laroche snap the photo , make a check in he notebook . teenaged laroche only one hundred and seventeen more . mother and you have to have a photo of every single type of orchid in Florida ? teenaged laroche I have to , mar . you know that . she smile at he , rub he neck . int . therapist's office - day Kaufman talk to the therapist . kaufman I be successful , right ? I mean , I could say to a woman , I be a screenwriter and she would look at I differently . I could get laid . but I want someone to like I . for I . y'know ? the way I like they . the way I would do anything for that woman walk down the street . a million woman walk down the street . I do not need to know what they job be . no one will ever love I like that . like I love almost every woman I see . Kaufman glance down at he therapist 's breast . he do it fast and unintentionally . he quickly shift back to she face . his therapist wrap she shawl around she . int . show hall - day crowd with orchid lover . noisy chatter and calliope music . elaborate display include orchid on a ferris wheel , plastic clown , and a booth that look like a circus big top . laroche once you get the sickness , it take over you life . I start out just photograph them . now look at I . ( dramatic pause ) it will happen to you . you will see . orlean I do not think so . I be not prone to -- laroche run over to a flower . ( continued ) 36 . continued : laroche angraecum sesquipedale ! beauty ! God ! darwin write about this one . Charles darwin ? evolution guy ? hello ? orlean ( annoyed ) I know who darwin be . int . empty bedroom - night a depressed Kaufman fish on he floor through a ever increase pile of book : book about turtles , mirror resilvering , tropical fish , hegel , etc . he pick up the portable darwin . the cover feature a daguerreotype of darwin . Kaufman pace and read . int . book - line study - night subtitle : england , one hundre and thirty nine year earlier sepia . a sickly darwin write at he desk . darwin ( v.o. ) therefore I should infer from analogy that probably all the organic being which have ever live on this earth have descend from some one primordial form , into which life be first breathe . int . empty bedroom - night Kaufman look off into space , think . silence . suddenly , he grab he mini-recorder and pace like a cage animal . kaufman okay , open of movie . four billion year ago . life have not begin . Endless , barren terrain . silence . silence . ext . show hall - day blast music . crowd . laroche show the flower to orlean . laroche see that nectary all the way down there ? darwin hypothesize a moth with a nose twelve inch long to pollinate it . everyone think he be a loon . then , sure enough , they find this moth with a twelve inch proboscis -- proboscis mean nose , by the way -- and -- ( continued ) 37 . continued : orlean I know what proboscis mean . laroche every one of this flower have a specific relationship with the insect that pollinate it . there 's a orchid that look exactly like this particular insect . so the bug hump the flower and get cover with its pollen . thusly ... laroche mime humping . orlean I get it . laroche that 's call pseudo-copulation . this flower be smart ! you gotta fall in love with they . once you learn anything about orchid , you will devote you life to learn everything about they . orlean look around : people sniff flower , feel petal , stare deep into nectary . people jabber passionately , people buy plant , people carry box of purchase plant . orlean look deeply into various flower , at a dizzying array of color and shape , but remain detach . int . apartment - early evening orlean stare at photo of orchid on she bulletin board . she can not find a way in . she look over at she husband read . he smile at she . she smile back , but there 's a terrible distance between they . she look at we sadly . orlean I want to want something as much as people want this plant but it be not part of my constitution . orlean stare out the window at the empty street below . a plastic bag dip and rise in the breeze . she inhale . orlean ( cont would ) I suppose I do have one unembarrassed passion . ( beat , look back at we ) I want to know how it feel to care about something passionately . 38 . ext . suburban backyard - night the seven year old girl swing sadly by herself . from high up she see she mother in a window at one end of the house , she father in a window at the other end . both stare blankly in opposite direction . the swing complete it 's arc and the girl descend , lose sight of she parent . int . large empty live room - night Kaufman type furiously . he 's a sweaty mess . kaufman ( v.o. ) ... then , after the entire history of life on the planet , in the last second of the montage , we see the whole of human history : tool - make , hunt , farming , war , lust , religion , self - consciousness . yearning . then , bam ! cut to Susan orlean write a book about orchid . and the story begin . it 's perfect ! it 's circular ! it 's everything ! he read back what he 's write . kaufman ( cont 'd ) I be a idiot . I be fat . I hate my -- the front door burst open and Donald charge in . donald mckee be a genius ! and hilarious ! he just come up with this great joke , and everyone laugh ! but he 's serious , too . you would love he . he 's all for originality , just like you ! but he say , we have to realize we all write in a genre , so we must find originality within that genre . see , it turn out there have not be a new genre since fellini invent the mockumentary ! kaufman ( sadly , quietly ) you and I share the same DNA . be there anything more lonely than that ? int . orlean' kitchen - evening orlean eat a silent dinner with she husband . husband you want to do something tonight ? ( continued ) 39 . continued : orlean I should work . I have get stuff ... he nod . she smile , pick up she dish , put it in the sink . int . orlean' study - evening orlean look at the photo of laroche , sit sadly for a moment , then type . orlean ( v.o. ) laroche be a optimist . that be , he see a profitable outcome in every situation . when he be a young man he work in construction . ext . construction site - day subtitle : NORTH miami , ten year earlier a young laroche , in a hard hat , walk atop a half - build house . he spot a flower in a backyard across the street . laroche ( pleased with himself ) asclepiadaceae . from thirty yard . yes . he lose he foot , fall two storey , land on he back . int . diner - day laroche talk . orlean take note . laroche ( laugh ) ... I break my back . exactly how my dad do . be not that a psycho coincidence ? ( far away ) y'know , the way I see it , we be a family of ailment and pain . ( suddenly excited . ) but , anyway , it be a godsend . laroche scarf he pie . orlean watch he . orlean ( v.o. ) laroche once spill toxic pesticide into a cut on he hand . it result in permanent heart and liver damage . most people would consider this a terrible accident . laroche consider it a success ... 40 . int . suburban SUN room - day a prim woman read a magazine article by laroche entitle , " would you die for you plant . " there 's a smile photo of a frail , emaciate laroche next to he byline . orlean ( v.o. ) ... because he sell a article about it . int . diner - day laroche talk , mouth full of pie . orlean take note . laroche I consider the break back -- in three place , by the way . I have x-ray -- ( fish through bag ) -- a stroke of goddamn luck . I get disability , marry the sweetest woman in the world . and I and my lovely new wife -- my now ex - wife , the bitch -- get to open we nursery . ext . nursery - day laroche and he wife , in wedding clothes , stand outside they nursery the bromeliad Tree pose for a auto-time photo . laroche wear a cumbersome back brace . the camera flash . int . empty bedroom - night Kaufman type tentatively . off-screen we hear Donald 's enthusiastic type and giggle . kaufman ( v.o. ) Movie open with Susan orlean type . ( refer to orchid thief ) " John laroche be a tall guy , skinny as a stick ... ( stop , flip through book ) Movie open with a young boy pick out he first pet ... ( stop , flip through book ) Movie open with ... Kaufman stop , scratch he head . his hand be cover with loose hair . he whine . int . diner - day laroche talk to orlean . ( continued ) 41 . continued : laroche people start come out of the woodwork , to ask I stuff , to admire my plant , to admire I . int . the bromeliad tree - day lot of lonely - look customer admire orchid . laroche be in the midst of they , happily chat with whomever approach he . one guy pull laroche aside . customer # 1 John , what be this ? it 's so beautiful . laroche catasetum tenebrosum . from Peru . it 's neat ' cause its dimorphic , which mean ... customer # 2 enter with a creepy , dark flower orchid . customer # 2 johnny baby ! laroche Henry ! look at that dracula vampira ! it 's gorgeous , man . other customer gather around . customer # 2 take I in to the fakahatchee . show I a ghost in bloom , and it 's yours . laroche cool . customer # 3 Mr. laroche , would you be able to -- laroche pick up a ringing phone . customer # 3 continue to try and get he attention while he talk . laroche bromeliad Tree . hey , dora ! good , good . well , sure , you gotta watch the temperature . do not want a odontoglossum above seventy - five . uh-huh , that should be fine . yeah , damp it down . oh , I be do well . she 's fine , too . sure ... int . van - night laroche drive . orlean look out at the dark night . ( continued ) 42 . continued : laroche I believe some folk would call I up to talk and just talk because they be lonely . orlean look at he . after a long silence , laroche muse : laroche ( cont would ) you know why I love plant ? because they be so mutable , so adaptable . adaptation be such a profound process . ( beat ) adaptation mean you figure out how to survive in the world . people be not too good at that sometimes . int . agent office - day Kaufman sit with he agent Jerry in a glass - wall office . kaufman I do not know how to adapt this . I should have just stick with my own stuff . I do not know why I think I could -- jerry see she ? I fuck she up the ass . Jerry wave at a pass beauty . she wave back , keep walk . Kaufman follow the girl 's ass with he eye . jerry just kid . hey , maybe I can help . what 's the problem , buddy ? Kaufman look at Jerry . will he accept help from a agent ? kaufman it 's about flower . jerry it 's not only about flower . it 's get that crazy plant nut guy . he 's funny , right ? Kaufman pull out a fold newspaper clipping , read : kaufman " there be not nearly enough of he to fill a book , " blah blah blah , so orlean " digress in long pass " blah blah blah " no narrative really unite this passage . " blah blah blah blah blah . ( look up defiantly ) ( more ) ( continued ) 43 . continued : kaufman ( cont would ) New York Times Book Review . I can not structure this . it 's that sprawling New Yorker shit . Jerry get distract by another sexy woman walk by . jerry oh man . I would fuck she up the ass . kaufman there 's no story . the book have no story . jerry so make one up . the book 's a jump off point . no one in town can make up a crazy story like you . you be the king . kaufman I do not want to do that this time . it 's someone else 's material . I have a responsibility ... anyway , I want to grow as a writer , do something profound and simple . show people how amazing flower be . jerry be they amazing ? kaufman I do not know . I think they be . jerry look , what I tell a lot of guy be pick another film and use it as a model . I always think this one could be like apocalypse now . the journalist spend the whole movie search for the crazy plant nut guy -- what 's he name ? kaufman John laroche . jerry she have to travel deep into the darkest swamp to find the mysterious " laroche . " kaufman I need you to get I out of this . jerry Charlie , at the end of the day , I think it would be a terrible career move . 44 . montage jumble of image : laroche talk , flower , Indians , orlean , the trial . the rapid fire click -click of type . kaufman ( v.o. ) okay , okay , we open with laroche . he 's funny . okay , he say , okay , he say , I love to mutate plant , he say , mutation be fun ... okay , we show flower and , okay , we have to have the court case . okay we show laroche , okay , he say , I be mutate as baby , that 's why I be so smart ... that 's funny . okay we open at the beginning of time ... no , okay , we open with laroche drive into the swamp ... int . empty bedroom - night Kaufman awake with a start . enthusiastic off -screen type . Kaufman peer through the darkness at the book , papers coffee cup , and dirty plate all around . ext . swamp - day Black and white . it 's dark , tangle with foliage , and forebode . two pioneer slog waist-high through the water . alligator regard they menacingly . orlean ( v.o. ) the pioneer - adventurer in Florida have to travel inward , into a place as dark and dense as steel wool . they have to confront what a dark , dense , overabundant place might have hide in it . the scene turn into color . the man turn into mannequin . the floor be cover with black cellophane represent swamp water . the swamp turn to cardboard , with real orchid hang from the tree . a guy carry some orchid walk on top of the cellophane , past the mannequin . int . laroche's live room - night the room be dark , light only by the light of the tv laroche 's father watch . laroche and orlean sit on the couch . laroche the nursery be go well , but sometimes bad thing happen . darkness descend . ( continued ) 45 . continued : laroche glance at he father , who just stare at the tv . on the tv set be two frame photo : one of laroche 's sister and one of laroche 's mother . int . laroche's live room - day subtitle : NORTH miami , nine year earlier laroche usher he wife , mother , and uncle out of the house . his father watch tv . there 's only a photo of laroche 's sister on the tv set now . laroche sure you do not want to come , dad ? his father do not respond . int . laroche's car - a few moment later they pile into a nice new american car , he wife in front , he mother and uncle in back . laroche pull into traffic . uncle jim nursery business good , johnny ? laroche everything 's good , uncle Jim . this last year 's be a dream , I be tell you . we be finally pull out of this debt . mother amen , honey . praise Allah , buddha , vishnu . and all the rest of them . laroche smile back at he mother . a screech of tire and another car crash head on into theirs . laroche 's face smack against the steering wheel , he front tooth fly in all direction . his mother rocket forward smash through the windshield . his uncle hit laroche 's wife in the head , jerk she forward and landing on top of she . ext . cemetery - day bang - up and miss he front tooth , laroche stand amidst a group of mourner at a double funeral . int . hospital room - day laroche , in he mourn suit , sit by he comatose wife . 46 . ext . seminole discount cigarette store parking lot - day it 's a busy street full of discount cigarette store . laroche and orlean step from he van , head toward the store . laroche she divorced I soon after she regain consciousness . then the hurricane destroy my greenhouse . everything . I know it would break my heart to start another nursery , so when the seminole want a white guy , a expert , to get they nursery go , I take it . int . discount cigarette store - continuous laroche pull about ten marlboro carton off the shelf . laroche but I be not gonna give they a conventional little pot - plant place . so I come up with the " ghost " plan . I be gonna give they something amazing . int . party house - night Kaufman , beer in hand , stand off in the corner of a room crowded with young Hollywood type . he talk nervously to a pretty young woman kaufman ... see , laroche research it and find that Indians have the legal right to take endangered plant off state land . woman what a amazing open ! so then it 's a courtroom drama . a few good Men ! and all that indian rights issue be so complex . there be valid argument on both side . I mean we take they land ! we give they smallpox ! kaufman well , actually , there be not much of a trial . Florida get them on a technicality , about cut down non - endangered tree . even the Indians be not allow to do that . they all plead no contest . laroche get fine five hundred buck and ban from the fakahatchee for six month . ( continued ) 47 . continued : woman oh , wow . so , like , then what happen ? kaufman nothing much . that 's what I like . I mean , most people 's life do not include a lot of drama and I want to sort of be compelling without have to resort to big , um ... y'know what I mean ? woman ( glance distractedly around ) absolutely . I absolutely do . kaufman it 's , like , blake talk about see the world in a grain of sand and heaven in a wild flower . y'know ? or like hegel ? the woman smile , but she 's somewhere else entirely . int . empty bedroom - bedroom Kaufman stare at he typewriter . there 's a big pile of papers next to he . kaufman ( v.o. ) I be a failure . I be a poseur . I have no idea . I want to do something great . there 's no story . I be fat . I be repul -- the phone ring . kaufman ( cont 'd ) what ? valerie ( phone voice ) Charlie ? it 's Valerie . kaufman oh , hi . hi. hey ! hi! valerie ( phone voice ) sorry to bug you . we be just talk about you , how excited we be . kaufman yeah , I too . valerie ( phone voice ) so it 's come along good ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : kaufman it 's good . it 's complicated what I be try to do , but it 's go very well . int . orlean' apartment - evening orlean look at a book call the Native orchid of Florida . she come to a photo of the ghost orchid glow white on the page . orlean 's husband walk by with a cup of coffee , caress she shoulder . she tense slightly , smile up at he apologetically . he smile back sadly . she return to the photo . a line of text catch she eye : " should one be lucky enough to see a flower all else will seem eclipse . " orlean close the book , sit there . she dial the phone . laroche ( phone voice ) yeah . orlean hello , John ? it 's Susan . laroche ( phone voice ) susie-q! orlean so I be think it would be good for the article for I to go into the fakahatchee to see a ghost . would you take I ? laroche ( phone voice ) I would love to , but , hey , I be ban for the next six month . goddamn crucify I . get one of they monkey - suite ranger to take you . ' course , they would not be able to locate a ghost , if it climb off a tree and shove itself up they ass . hey , put that in the article . int . empty bedroom - morning a hollow - eye Kaufman be zipping up a suitcase . kaufman ( call off - screen ) travel into the fakahatchee , Donald , be a perfect metaphor for write . I be step into the confusion of the unknown . I be take the big risk here . int . empty live room - continuous Donald type cheerily on a lap - top computer at a ergonomic desk . Kaufman descend the stair with he suitcase . ( continued ) 49 . continued : kaufman it 's dark , dangerous , as dense as steel wool . I do not know if I will come out alive , but if I do , I will have something true to give the world . that 's the difference between write and aping some moron 's " principle . " Donald look up from he work . he have not be listen . donald hey , Charles , I be think of put a song in . y'know like when character sing pop song in they pajamas and dance around . I think it might be a nice way to break the tension . so , try to think of a song about split personality ... int . airplane - morning orlean sit in she seat and address the camera . orlean you would have to want something very badly ... int . airplane - night Kaufman read the orchid thief . orlean ( v.o. ) ... to go look for it in the fakahatchee strand . he can not concentrate , close the book and watch a stewardess tend to another passenger . int . studio apartment - night Kaufman fix a salad in the kitchenette . the door open and the stewardess enter drag she luggage on a little cart . kaufman hey ! how be Denver ? stewardess oh , God , sweetie , I be so glad to be home . she kiss he , look lovingly at he . stewardess ( cont would ) can I get you something to drink ? 50 . int . airplane bathroom - night Kaufman finish jerk off , stand , pull up he pants , adjust himself , and exit the bathroom . int . airplane - continuous Kaufman step out of the bathroom . the stewardess be there talk to another stewardess . she regards Kaufman blankly , then go back to she conversation . he head up the aisle . one of the stewardess laugh . he tense , take he seat . int . airplane - morning orlean watch the hundred of square mile of black , wet Florida swampland pass by below . orlean ( v.o . ) a early surveyor make this entry in he field note ... ext . swamp - day subtitle : fakahatchee , one hundre and fifteen year earlier a surveyor scribbles in a notebook . the pond be alive with alligator . surveyor ( v.o. ) a pond surround by bay and cypress swamp , impracticable . full of monstrous alligator , count fifty and stop . int . HOTEL - night orlean lie in bed , wide awake and anxious . orlean ( v.o. ) whatever be not wet in the fakahatchee be blast . the grass get so dry that the friction from a car can set it on fire , and the burn grass can engulf the car in flame . a 1940 's botanist note : ext . prairie - day a botanist , in a hot , arid field , write in a notebook . botanist ( v.o. ) most impressed by the area 's variety of squirrel ... ( continued ) 51 . continued : a car drive by on the dirt road . it begin smoking . the driver jump out of the car just as it burst into flame . botanist ( cont would ) ... and char automobile . we pull back to see the area fill with abandon , burn - up old car . int . miami airport car rental booth - day Kaufman watch the pretty clerk work on the computer . she look up , he look down , study he road map . int . rental car - early morning a charmingly bedraggle orlean drive on a road surround by swamp . she talk to we . orlean the swamp 's darkness and denseness can rattle you nerve . a sailor on a pluma - collect expedition write in he diary : ext . swamp - day subtitle : fakahatchee , one -hundre and three year earlier a luggish sailor sit in the distance on a stump , cry . sailor ( v.o. ) the place look wild and lonely . about three o'clock it seem to get on Henry 's nerve . we see he cry , he could not tell we why , he be just plain scared . ext . state road 29 - early morning orlean drive onto the dirt road past the fakahatchee sign and talk to we . orlean the swampy part of the fakahatchee be hot and wet and buggy and full of cottonmouth snake and diamond back rattler and ... int . rental car - morning Kaufman drive down the same road surround by swamp . ( continued ) 52 . continued : orlean ( v.o. ) ... alligator and snap turtles and poisonous plant and wild hog and ... ext . ranger shack - morning orlean get out of the car , knock timidly on the shack door . Ranger Mike Owen answer . mike owen Charlie ? it 's Kaufman stand there . kaufman ( tremulous ) yes . hi. ext . swamp - morning the sky be overcast . Mike Owen lead Kaufman through a cool swamp , which be completely dry . the two man walk easily on peaty ground . Kaufman , slather with sun screen and cover head to foot in unnecessary protective clothing , try to be interested in Owen 's lecture . mike owen so the whole ecosystem be six thousand year old . five to six thousand year old . about that . five or six . kaufman okay . mike owen now the fakahatchee be the large of all the cyrpess strand , probably in the world . I do not know of any cypress strand bigger . it 's about twenty mile long , or nineteen , nineteen to twenty , nineteen ... and right here it 's about five mile wide , four and a half , five . so , again , it 's twenty mile long , three to five mile wide . and over here -- ext . swamp - later Mike Owen hold a handful of peat . Kaufman look at it . mike owen the oldest carbon dating they have do on any of the peat out here be fifty - seven hundred year . that 's with carbon - 14 . ( more ) ( continued ) 53 . continued : mike owen ( cont would ) that 's in the right age where you can really date thing accurately with carbon - 14 , because it 's half - life be fifty - five hundred year , so they must have find have of it go and figure that ... kaufman why be not it wet ? orlean write about wading through black , corrosive water . she say it be the scariest experience of she life . and when I speak to you on the phone , you say wear heavy boot , long pants and ... mike owen there 's usually water . we have be go through a bit of a drought . say , have you see that movie , Medicine man ? that 's a good movie about protect nature . it show there could be something important in a rain forest we do not even know about , like a cure for cancer . kaufman it 's not even hot . I be expect it to be awful . Sun beat down , wading through water , look out for snake , wild hog . I be think it would be dramatic . alligator . something ! mike owen the alligator be over by the lake . the temperature 's a bless for we . this time of year can get uncomfortably hot . ( point excitedly ) Green anole . Florida 's most common . Kaufman look down and see a plain- look little lizard hang on a tree . Mike Owen jot it down in he notebook . mike owen ( cont would ) I try to keep a log of sighting . int . truck - day Mike Owen drive . Kaufman stare out the window at boring tree . orlean ( v.o . ) it have be a hard day and I have not see what I would come to see . maybe the ghost orchid be a ghost after all . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 . continued : orlean ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) there be certainly ghost in the fakahatchee -- ghost of ranger who be murder year ago by illegal plume hunter , and of logger who be cut to piece in fight , and for year there have be a apparition wander the swamp , the swamp ape , which be say to be seven foot tall and seven hundred pound and have the physique of a human , the posture of a ape , and the body odor of a skunk . ext . ranger shack - day Kaufman and Owen stand by Kaufman 's car . mike owen what laroche do be wrong . that flower belong to all of we , all 250 million of we -- 250 ? I think it 's up to 270 now -- and belong to all of we mean they belong to none of we . nobody have a right to take they . not I , not you , not John laroche , not ... Kaufman be desperate for something else . he blurt : kaufman listen , um , Susan orlean write about a legendary creature call a swamp ape . have you ever hear storey or -- mike owen ( pissy ) Tourist garbage ! I do not know why people need to invent silly creature to make nature fascinating . be not nature amazing enough ? kaufman ( shame ) I just ask because she mention it . int . HOTEL room - night orlean , still dirty from the swamp , hold a phone to she ear and talk to we . she have cute little dirt smudge on she face . orlean that night I call laroche . orlean ( into phone ) I do not see anything but bare root . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . continued : orlean ( cont would ) and I have this think . maybe the ghost orchid only bloom in the mind of people who have walk too long in the swamp . int . orlean' apartment - night orlean type . it 's pour and sheet of rain beat against she window . she glance at she husband , across the room read a book . she sigh , continue type . orlean ( v.o. ) what I do not say to he be that life seem to be fill with thing that be just like the ghost orchid -- wonderful to imagine and easy to fall in love with but a little fantastic and fleeting and out of reach . int . rental car - evening Kaufman drive down a Florida strip -mall highway . he pass a barne and Noble , a Burger King , a Starbucks . he park in front of a California pizza Kitchen . int . california pizza kitchen ( florida ) - evening Kaufman watch the waitress . one approach he booth . her name badge read : caryn , Tampa , FL . she smile at Kaufman as she look right through he . int . HOTEL room - night a morose Kaufman sit on the bed read the orchid thief . kaufman ( v.o. ) what I do not say to he be that life seem to be fill with thing that be just like the ghost orchid -- wonderful to imagine and easy to fall in love with but a little fantastic and fleeting and out of reach . Kaufman be deeply move . he hi-lite the passage , then look at the smile photo of orlean . he find himself lose in it . int . HOTEL room - night orlean , dirty from the swamp , be on the phone . laroche ( phone voice ) ( beat , clear throat ) Jesus Christ , of course there be ghost orchid out there ! I have steal they ! ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . continued : laroche ( phone voice ) ( cont would ) ( beat , a clear throat ) you should have go with I . close - up of magazine the line : " ... then he clear he throat and say : ' you should have go with I . ' " valerie ( o.c. ) beautifully write . a really unique piece . pull back to : int . restaurant - midday busy lunch crowd . Valerie sit at a table with orlean and a open New Yorker magazine . orlean thank you . thanks very much . valerie we be big fan . orlean oh , thank you . valerie and laroche be such a fun character . orlean yeah , John 's a character all right . valerie it 's funny and fresh . and sad in a way . orlean well , thanks . thank you . valerie so we be wonder , what 's next ? orlean oh , um , random House want I to expand it into a book . so I will be do that . valerie and there will be more of laroche ? orlean yeah . more John , more orchid . ( continued ) 57 . continued : valerie y'know , we would really like to option it . orlean ( laugh ) you want to make this into a movie ? valerie laroche be such a fun character . so ... int . van - day laroche , wear a Cleveland Indians T-shirt , drive crazily thorugh the Hollywood seminole reservation . orlean hold on . laroche no shit I be a fun character . ( beat ) who 's gonna play I ? orlean I have get to write it first . someone 's gotta write the screenplay . most thing never get make . it 's premature to -- laroche I think I should play I . laroche swerve into a parking space in the nursery lot . ext . seminole nursery - day laroche and orlean get out of the van . laroche I have get all the right quality . while you write , I will take a act class . a few young indian guy be haul bag of pot soil . they look at laroche sourly . laroche indicate the giant cartoon indian on he T-shirt . laroche I wear this just to screw with them . int . trailer - continuous laroche enter he office , look at some papers on he desk . laroche most of they do not even bother call I John anymore . it 's " crazy White man " now . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . continued : laroche ( cont would ) " crazy White man " be a good title for the movie . call the book " crazy White man . " or , I do not know , " collector of heart " or something . before orlean can respond , laroche pick up the phone and dial a impossibly long number . he wait , gesture for orlean to sit on a chair pile high with junk . laroche ( cont would ) you will not hurt anything . orlean move the junk over , share the seat with it . laroche ( cont would ) ( yelling into phone ) hello ? hello ? hi ? this be John laroche from the seminole nursery . sem-ih-nole ! ( to orlean ) how do you say seminole in Spanish ? ( into phone ) that 's right , yes ! yeah , I want to order some more of that pink string bean ! pink string bean ! ( yell ) pink string bean ! pink string bean ! buster appear in the door . laroche ( cont would ) ( into phone ) I will call back . ( hang up ) hey , buster . baxley John . laroche I be try to order some pink string bean from Argentina . baxley no kid . laroche I figure just because Project ghost orchid be dead , we be not close shop . baxley listen , John -- ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) laroche we will get into plant multiplication . buy little one , turn them into big one , sell them at a profit . simple plant multiplication for the mass . baxley John , we be think maybe now 's a good time for you to take a few week . laroche I do not need a vacation , buster . baxley it 's a good time . thing be slow . laroche stare at buster . buster stare back . laroche y'know , the guy on my crew here , all they do be smoke weed all day . I be meaning to talk to you about that . so if it 's a question of productivity -- int . van - a few minute later laroche weave through traffic . orlean hold on . laroche they be gonna fire I . goddamn politics . crazy White man 's bad publicity . ( pound steering wheel ) I can not believe I be deal with this ! ( pound steering wheel ) like I could give a damn . if they fire I , I will sue . I already do some legal research on this when I be do the other shit . they can not fire I . and I be not go to quit . montage Gray sky . Kaufman drive he rental car : he look at the seminole nursery , the collier County courthouse , laroche 's house . he drive through swampy terrain . he walk around at a orchid show , he attend a slide - show orchid lecture . it 's all dull . he end up sit on a bench on a empty beach , stare out at the ocean . int . HOTEL room - day orlean dial the phone . it ring for a long time . finally : ( continued ) 60 . continued : laroche ( phone voice ) ( groggy ) yeah ? orlean John , it 's Susan . ( wait for response ) orlean . ( wait ) so , I be just wonder if you might be willing to talk some more . laroche ( phone voice ) what about ? orlean roll she eye . orlean c'mon , John , I be try to put together a book . do not just abandon I down here . laroche I be no longer interested in orchid . I be pursue other avenue . I apologize for any inconvenience this might cause you . orlean be silent , tap she finger on the bedside table . laroche thank you for you time . laroche hang up . orlean sit there for a moment , flip through she list of orchid collector name . ext . empty beach - day Kaufman sit on the bench , look out at the ocean . a attractive , spandex couple skate by , chat in german . he watch the woman , hope for a look , for something . he do not get it . they be go . a tan older man sit on the bench , light a cigarette . Kaufman continue to look at the ocean , even though he feel the guy 's eye on he . he do not want to engage . guy on bench we could use the rain , huh ? Kaufman nod , look at the ocean . pause . guy on bench ( cont would ) so you from around here ? Kaufman shake he head " no . " pause . ( continued ) 61 . continued : guy on bench ( cont would ) so where then ? kaufman California . guy on bench ( excitedly ) yeah ? I be move to l.a . I just write a screenplay . I send it to a lot of agent . but if they turn I down , I will go there and market it myself . I use to be in marketing in New York , so I know exactly how to sell this thing . ( beat ) where 's a nice place to live if you do not have a car ? kaufman you kind of need a car . I guess West Hollywood would be okay . guy on bench so you recommend West Hollywood then . kaufman I be not recommend it . pause . guy on bench I move down here for a change , and I write the screenplay . just like that . it 's a great idea . the old guy wait for a response . he get none . guy on bench ( cont would ) it 's about a mob guy , but it 's not you regular mob story . there 's a twist . a cop tell this mob guy 's wife that the mob guy 's cheating on she . but the truth be , the cop 's lie because he want she for himself . see , they use to go together in high school . ( wait for response , then : ) you know anything about screenplays ? Kaufman shake he head . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) guy on bench ( cont would ) well , the object be to make people think you be go in one direction , then you twist it to keep them surprised . I come up with all this amazing twist out of nowhere . well , not nowhere . ( beat ) I be a bear again Christian . ( beat ) you have faith ? kaufman no . not really . guy on bench you do not believe in anything ? Kaufman shrug . guy on bench ( cont would ) I do not know how you can look out at this beautiful ocean and not believe there 's a intelligence that create it . kaufman I do not know . guy on bench well , you can not know until you experience it . that require accept Jesus Christ as you Lord and savior . believe I . lookit , if I be to show you a bottle of clear liquid and tell you it be vodka , how would you know if it really be or if it be water ? there 's only one way . kaufman I would smell it . guy on bench ( annoyed ) no . you can not smell vodka . you would have to taste it , right ? kaufman it could be poison . I do not know you . guy on bench ( angry ) look , let 's go with the analogy I be draw here . it 's not poison . okay ? ( resume control ) ( more ) ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 3 ) guy on bench ( cont would ) so you would have to taste it to know . right ? that 's my point . kaufman right . guy on bench that 's all I be say . ( beat ) so West Hollywood , huh ? I think I will make it out this year . because how long can you look at a ocean , y'know ? montage Susan orlean talk to various orchid enthusiast , visit nursery , sit in lecture hall , attend orchid show , sit in the library read orchid book . she be bored and distract . int . airplane - night a stewardess place a cup and a airline -size bottle of vodka down in front of a lose Kaufman . he smile at she . no response . he open the bottle and smell the vodka . int . limo - night Kaufman sit in the back seat and stare out the window . the driver look at he a couple of time in he rearview mirror . kaufman ( v.o. ) I have fail . I have nothing to say . I be fat . I be not a writer . driver Mr. Kaufman , do you mind if I ask what type of work you do for Sony ? kaufman I be a writer . driver ( impressed ) a song writer ? kaufman no , I be a screenwriter . driver oh , wow ! good for you . you mind if I ask what you movie 's about ? ( continued ) 64 . continued : kaufman it 's about flower . no response . Kaufman try to make it interesting . kaufman ( cont would ) it 's about this poacher who steal orchid out of a swamp . driver I hear about that ! drug flower , right ? kaufman yeah . that 's it . driver I hear about that ! that 's great ! action - adventure be my favorite genre . int . empty house - night Kaufman enter with he bag and head to the stair . Donald , type furiously at he desk , look up . donald how be Florida , man ? kaufman ( climb the stair ) okay . donald cool ! hey , my script 's go amazing ! right now I be work out a image system . Bob call it a invaluable asset . because of my multiple personality theme , I have choose the motif of break mirror to show my protagonist 's fragment self . Bob teach that a image system greatly increase the complexity of a aesthetic emotion . kaufman you sound like you be in a cult . Kaufman disappear upstairs . donald no , it 's just good write technique . ( type , then : ) ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . continued : donald ( cont would ) oh , I make you a copy of mckee 's ten commandment . I have post one over both we work area . int . empty bedroom - continuous Kaufman tear down mckeet ten commandment . Donald appear backlit in the doorway and seem oddly threaten . donald you should not have do that . they look at each other . Donald break the tension , smile . donald ( cont would ) ' Cause it 's extremely helpful . ( lie down on floor ) hey , any sign of that swamp ape ? kaufman there be no swamp ape . it be invent for people who can not find the actual world fascinating . y'know ? donald oh , okay . I do not know that . sorry . hey , I get a song ! " happy together . " I be worried about put a song in a thriller , but Bob say , casablanca , the great screenplay ever write , do exactly that . mix genre . kaufman I need to go to bed , Donald . I have not sleep in a week . donald okay . Donald remain on the floor . montage sequence mishmash of image : alligator snap , laroche jabber , orlean type , 19th century orchid poacher slogging , orchid bloom , Mike Owen lecture . kaufman ( v.o. ) ... so we open the swamp ... okay , flashback to young laroche have turtles ... okay , Susan say what be Passion ? and okay we open on a swamp and suddenly a white van come tear around ... 66 . int . empty bedroom - night Kaufman lie half - awake in bed , sweat , he eye darting back and forth . he look over at the clock . it 's 3:32 . kaufman damn it . Donald snore happily off-screen . Kaufman switch on a lamp , pull the orchid thief from he bag , flip through it . there be now many yellow hi-lite passage . he read one . kaufman ( v.o. ) there be too many idea and thing and people , too many direction to go . I be start to believe the reason it matter to care passionately about something be that it whittles the world down to a more manageable size . kaufman such sweet , sad insight . so true . Kaufman flip to the glow , smile author photo . kaufman and you be ... I like look at you . he stare at the photo . its smile broaden . it talk . orlean photo I like look at you , too . Charlie . the photo smile warmly at he . Kaufman begin to jerk -off . he close he eye . then : Kaufman and orlean be in he bed together , make love . she smile at he throughout . they finish . then : Kaufman be alone in bed , heaving . he look at the still smile photo . it somehow seem sleepy now . kaufman I do not know how to do this . I be afraid I will disappoint you . you have write a beautiful book . I can not sleep . I be lose my hair . I be fat and repulsive -- orlean photo shhh . you be not . whittle it down , focus on one thing in the story , find the thing you care passionately about and write about that . ( continued ) 67 . continued : Kaufman study she delicate , melancholy face . he 's in love . orlean photo ( cont would ) ( sweet , flirty smile ) I figure there might be something ... int . kitchen - morning Kaufman pace and talk animatedly into he mini-recorder . kaufman we see Susan orlean , delicate , fragile , beautiful , haunt by loneliness , type at she desk . she look at the camera and talk to we : " John laroche be a tall guy , skinny as a stick , pale - eye , slouch - shoulder ... " Donald enter in he underwear , pour coffee . donald Morning . kaufman hey , hey . donald you seem chipper . kaufman I be good . I have some new idea . donald cool . I too . I be put in a chase sequence now . the killer flee on horseback with the girl . the cop be after they on a motorcycle . it 's like a battle between motor and horse . kaufman they be all still one person , right ? donald yeah , hey , that 's the big pay-off . kaufman ( nice ) well , it sound exciting . donald thanks , man . thanks . 68 . int . car - day orlean drive through swampy landscape . she talk to we . orlean I suppose what I would be do in Florida be try to understand how people find order and contentment and a sense of purpose in the universe by fix they sigh on one single desire . now I be also try to understand how someone could end such intense desire without a trace . orlean stop at a payphone and dial . it ring for a while . laroche ( phone voice ) ( groggy ) yeah what ? orlean hello , John , it 's Susan . laroche ( phone voice ) yeah hi . orlean so , how 's everything go ? laroche ( phone voice ) great ! I be training myself on the internet . it 's fascinating . I be do pornography . it 's amazing how much this sucker will pay for photograph of chick . and it do not matter if they be fat or ugly or what . orlean that sound good . laroche ( phone voice ) it 's great be what it be . orlean so I have be meeting a lot of orchid people , go to show , I think you might want to hear about it . laroche ( phone voice ) sorry . I be officially no longer interested in orchid or the loser who be still interested in they . the end . ( continued ) 69 . continued : laroche hang up . orlean look off into the flat distance . orlean if you really love something , would not a little of it always linger ? she turn to the camera . int . empty bedroom - night Kaufman hold the orchid thief open with one hand and type with the other . kaufman ( v.o. ) Susan orlean drive . the golden light of the afternoon sun caress she sweet face . she talk to we . ( copying from book ) " Florida be a landscape of transition and mutation , a hybrid of ... " Kaufman 's hand slip , the book shut . he open it to the wrong page and see a about the author paragraph . the last line jump off the page : " she now life in New York City with she husband . " ext . L.A. STREET - night Kaufman wander the street , distraught . a pass woman snicker . int . empty bedroom - night Kaufman type . kaufman ( v.o. ) Susan and she husband eat dinner in silence . a die relationship . husband : you want to do something tonight ? Susan : I should work . y'know . I get stuff ... int . empty live room - day Kaufman and orlean move furniture into the room . it now look warm and invite . orlean wear a bandana kerchief . kaufman I be so thrilled I get to adapt you book , get to merge my thought with yours . I love that . it 's intimate , like a marriage . ( continued ) 70 . continued : orlean not like a marriage . kaufman maybe what marriage could be . her eye tear up . she kiss he . orlean be not it ironic ? you adapt my book ? my three year in Florida meditate on my inability to experience passion result in my find it with you . int . empty bedroom - morning Kaufman pace with he mini-recorder . off-screen type . kaufman ... and in the final sequence Susan as a young girl swing alone in the backyard . from high in the air she see she parent in separate room stare blankly in opposite direction . this symbolize the profound scarring they wane passion have have on the girl 's psyche , how she become afraid to ever really love something because it would go away . Kaufman be immensely pleased . he smile at orlean 's photo . kaufman ( cont would ) this be good . I be find you . the phone ring . kaufman yallo ? valerie ( phone voice ) hi , Charlie . it 's Valerie . just bugging you again . how 's everything go ? kaufman good . I think really good now . valerie ( phone voice ) great . so I speak to Susan yesterday . kaufman ( beat ) oh. uh-huh , uh-huh . ( continued ) 71 . continued : valerie ( phone voice ) I tell she you be make terrific progress and she 's really excited to read the script . sweat appear on Kaufman 's brow . kaufman oh. good . valerie ( phone voice ) and she say she would love to meet you . all color drain from Kaufman 's face . kaufman um , well , y'know , for I it 's distracting to ... or confusing to discuss what I be explore in the screenplay at this point ... before I finish ... it . so ... valerie ( phone voice ) that 's fair . I will let she know . kaufman tell Susan I would be very happy to meet she at a future date . as she see fit . valerie ( phone voice ) okay . good enough . kaufman and tell she how much I love she book . say I think she 's such a great writer . valerie ( cont would ) will do . just keep we post , Charlie . kaufman okay . Nice talk to you . okay then . Kaufman hang up and look at the photo of orlean . it 's still smile , but not at he . it 's not glow . maybe it 's even smirk . Kaufman pace frantically , hold he stomach . Donald 's off - screen type grow louder . int . empty live room - continuous Donald type at he desk on he computer . Kaufman storm in . ( continued ) 72 . continued : kaufman you can sit here and pretend to be a writer , mock the seriousness of what I do , like some kind of fuck funhouse mirror version of I ! but let I tell you , you do not know what write be ! Kaufman grab he stomach , double over . int . emergency room - day Kaufman be on a gurney and hook up to a iv . he watch a slightly haggard woman with a bandage head sit in a small room across the hall . she glance over in he direction . he smile . she look through he . kaufman ( v.o. ) she think I be repulsive . he lie there for a moment , then he eye light up . int . empty bedroom - day Kaufman type passionately on he computer . kaufman ( v.o. ) Movie open . : Charlie Kaufman , fat , old , bald , pace the room . his voice - over carpet the scene . " I be old . I be fat . I be bald . my toenail have turn strange . I be repulsive . how repulsive ? I do not know for I suffer from a condition call body dysmorphic disorder . " int . agent office - day Kaufman , look tired and wild - eye , sit with he agent . jerry ... we need to talk about the orchid script . Valerie call yesterday . they be get antsy . kaufman I think I have get it on track now . jerry good . she say you sound weird . kaufman no Hollywood bullshit . just raw truth . sometimes that take a while to find . ( continued ) 73 . continued : jerry okay . what 's the time frame here ? kaufman it 's goddamn honest , Jerry . it 's true . jerry oh , hey , my friend send I this fuck - up internet thing . it 's a girl take a shit , but a trout come out . you get e- mail yet ? I will send it to you . kaufman this be more honest than anything anyone 's ever do before in a movie , I will tell you that . the only truth we can offer be the truth that 's we own experience of the world . " the great poet , in write himself , write he time . " t.s. eliot . jerry it sound good , buddy . but we do need to give Valerie a ballpark -- kaufman I be sick of they constant harassment ! ext . swamp - day Black and white shot of laroche and the Indians slogging through fakahatchee . the camera swoops down and the scene turn into a mannequin version . orlean ( v.o. ) on December 21 , 1993 John laroche and three seminole illegally remove one hundred and thirty rare plant from the fakahatchee strand State preserve . int . miami convention CENTER - day it 's a enormous hall fill with people set up elaborate display . Martin mote and he assistant work on the laroche display . orlean watch they . mote look up . mote you have be check out the display ? orlean yeah . ( continued ) 74 . continued : mote it 's the Miami centennial , we be suppose to illustrate something about Florida history . orlean right . now laroche be part of Florida history . as a mannequin . mote it 's a world of word to the end of it ./ in which nothing solid be its solid self . you will have to forgive I , I be a reform poetry professor . orlean be move by the quote . orlean who be that ? mote wallace Stevens . int . barne and noble - night orlean stand in the poetry section and read a wallace Stevens book . orlean ( v.o. ) the great poverty be not to live / in a physical world , to feel that one 's desire / be too difficult to tell from despair . int . empty bedroom - night Kaufman be on the floor type . his mini-recorder be on . kaufman' voice ( on recorder ) Kaufman sit across from Valerie , a pretty film executive . he eye she as she pick at she salad . she look up and he look down . he sweat . she compliment he on he work . she rub she nose . he pull at he nostril . he try to sound like he know what he 's talk about . he 's full of shit . int . HOTEL room - night orlean dial the phone . ( continued ) 75 . continued : laroche ( phone voice ) yeah . orlean John , it 's Susan . laroche ( phone voice ) I know . orlean I go to the orchid Society show a couple of day ago . laroche ( phone voice ) I be not interested . orlean there be a display of you steal the ghost orchid . you be famous . laroche ( phone voice ) I be not involved in that world now . orlean so , look , John , I still have not see a ghost . and I be wonder -- laroche ( phone voice ) yeah , yeah . I will take you in . orlean really ? thank you so much ! I just ... laroche ( phone voice ) tomorrow . pick I up at 5:30 be or it will get too hot . I will buy all the supplies we will need . int . empty bedroom - night Kaufman type . kaufman ( v.o. ) Kaufman jerk off to the book jacket photo of Susan orlean . Donald appear in the doorway with a script . kaufman what ?! what do you want ? donald I finish . my script . I be do . ( continued ) 76 . continued : Kaufman stare at he typewriter , do not say anything . donald ( cont would ) so would you show it to you agent ? Kaufman grab Donald 's script and throw it on he bed . donald ( cont would ) thanks . also , I want to thank you for you idea . it be very helpful . I change it a little . now the killer cut off body piece and make the victim eat they . it 's , like , I once see this picture of a snake swallow it 's tail -- Kaufman collapse , put he head in he hand . kaufman ourobouros . donald I do not know what that mean . kaufman the snake be call ourobouros . donald I do not think so . but it 's cool for my killer to have this modus operandi . because at the end when he force the woman , who 's really just he , to eat herself , he 's also eat himself to death . kaufman I be insane . I be ourobouros . donald I do not know what that be . kaufman I have write myself into my screenplay . it 's eat itself . I be eat myself . donald oh . that 's kinda weird . kaufman it 's self - indulgent . it 's narcissistic . it 's solipsistic . it 's pathetic . I be pathetic . I be fat and pathetic . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) donald I be sure you have a good reason , Charles . you be a artist . kaufman the reason be I be too timid to speak to the woman who write the book . because I be pathetic . because I have no idea how to write . because I can not make flower fascinating . because I suck . donald hey , be I in the script , too ? kaufman I be go to New York . I will meet she . that 's it . that 's what I have to do . donald do not get mad at I for say this , Charles , but Bob 's get a seminar in New York this weekend . so if you be stick -- Kaufman shoot Donald a look . int . HOTEL room - later the light be off . orlean be in bed , sleep fitfully . int . plane - night Kaufman read Ann lander 's column in a paper date July 4th . kaufman ( v.o. ) give yourself a reality check . phoniness be transparent , and it be tiresome . take pleasure in the beauty and wonder of nature . a flower be God 's miracle . out the window he see colorful firework far down below , like small flower bloom on the black earth . his eye well with tear . int . HOTEL room - night Kaufman sleep fitfully . ext . swamp - day orlean walk through alone , panicked . all the vegetation be greener and crazier- look than we have see before . thing slither by in the water , brush up against she . ( continued ) 78 . continued : she tense , step into a sinkhole , flail , get tangle in a vine , which wrap around she leg as she attempt to extricate herself . she fall face forward into the black water . int . HOTEL room - continuous orlean snap awake , bedcover tangle around she leg . she heave , look at the clock . it 's 3:30 . she stare at the ceiling . she look at the clock again . it 's 3:30 . she look at the clock again . it 's 4:10 . she close she eye . she open they , look at the clock , the room be fill with murky water , the bed a island of dryness . a alligator poke its nose out of the water , begin to climb onto the bed . orlean jump back , hit she head on the headboard . the room be back to normal . the clock read 4:23 . she close she eye . the alarm go off . ext . laroche's house - early morning orlean pull up to the curb where laroche stand , dress in a short sleeve shirt , thin pants , and he Miami hurricane hat . he open the door and climb in . orlean where be we supplies ? laroche get everything I need right here . laroche pull a new pack of cigarettes out of he pocket . orlean turn off the ignition and stare at the steering wheel . laroche shrug . laroche ( cont would ) look , do not worry about it . we will get crap at the indian trading post on alligator alley . hey , want I to drive ? int . car - a bit later the sun have come up strong . it look hot . laroche speed along with one finger on the wheel , pay little attention to the road . the car veer onto the shoulder , he lazily correct it . orlean be tense . laroche I remember one time when I be a kid , fifteen or so , my mother and I come to the fakahatchee to look for a ghost to photograph . we walk for hour , through the most intense heat I would ever feel . we could not find one . I want to turn back . but my mom say , no . ( more ) ( continued ) 79 . continued : laroche ( cont would ) she say , John , if you keep search for something past doubt , past hopelessness , past the absolute certainty that you will never find it , if you keep search past that , there it will be . so we walk . I have goddamn bloody blister on my foot . and we find ourselves in this char prairie , desolate , sun blast , y'know . and there in the middle of it be this one gorgeous , snowy polyrrhiza lindenii . they drive in silence for a little while . she watch he . int . office - day orlean type at she desk . she turn to we and talk . orlean he make it sound like a Bible story , the hopeful journey through darkness into light . I never think many people in the world be like John , but I be realize more and more that laroche be a extreme , not a aberration -- most people in some way or another do strive for something exceptional , something to pursue , even at they peril , rather than abide a ordinary life . ext . midtown new york CITY STREET - day Kaufman , sweaty and anxious , walk along . he arrive at the New Yorker building and enter with steely determination . int . build - a few minute later Kaufman wait for the elevator , sweat even more profusely . the elevator door open . people get off , people get on , the elevator door close . Kaufman still stand there . ext . swamp - morning laroche and orlean step off the levee into black water . they sink to they knee . the ground be soft ; it 's a struggle to pull they foot up to walk . thing slither past in the water . something big run by in the distance . be , and dragonfly hover . gnat and mosquito bite . bird screech . frog croak . laroche point to a yellow flower . laroche here we go . encyclia tempensis . laroche light a cigarette . ( continued ) 80 . continued : laroche ( cont would ) Nice little sucker , be not it ? orlean examine it from a distance . orlean cute . laroche continue walk and orlean attempt to keep pace . he point at a tiny orchid on another tree . laroche clamshell orchid . you know that . orlean uh-huh . laroche see , I find you two already . I will show you every orchid you want today . I will find you a fuck ghost if it kill I . ( point to another orchid ) rigid epidendrum . that 's a ugly - ass orchid . but I be no snob . I be interested in all orchid . not just pretty one . int . coffee shop - a few minute later a miserable Kaufman sit in the window , sip coffee and watch the New Yorker building across the street . he steel himself , exit the coffee shop . int . elevator - a few minute later Kaufman ride up in the crowded elevator . it stop a few time ; people get off and on . Kaufman sweat . the door open . the New Yorker logo be paint on the wall opposite the elevator . nobody get off or on . the door close . the elevator continue up . Kaufman hate himself . soon the elevator be emptied out with the exception of Kaufman . it begin its descent and stop once again at the New Yorker . this time orlean get on . Kaufman be absolutely panicked . orlean look at he blankly , press " lobby " , and face front . Kaufman sweat , study the back of she head . the elevator arrive at the lobby . orlean get out . Kaufman hesitates , then follow . ext . new york CITY STREET - day orlean walk along . Kaufman follow she . 81 . ext . swamp - late morning the sun be much higher in the sky . orlean be a sweaty mess , frizze hair , anxious , scrape , dirty . laroche ( peppy ) they be right nearby . just follow I . int . restaurant - day orlean sit by herself , read vanity Fair . Kaufman sit a few table away . he scribbles in he notebook . kaufman ( v.o. ) read vanity Fair . funny detail : New Yorker writer read vanity Fair . use ! a waitress bring a tuna sandwich and a ice tea to orlean . kaufman ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) like tuna , drink ice tea . good character detail . good stuff ! orlean look up from she magazine and smile at the waitress . orlean thanks . could I get some lemon please ? the waitress nod and leave . Kaufman scribbles . kaufman ( v.o. ) like lemon in tea and she voice be not at all what I imagine . interesting ! ext . swamp - noon orlean follow laroche . she watch he start off in one direction , stop , start off another direction , then go straight ahead . orlean seem depressed . orlean laroche , can I ask you a personal question ? laroche turn and scowl at she . laroche we be not lose . ext . NYC STREET - day orlean window shop at a shoe store . Kaufman take note . ( continued ) 82 . continued : kaufman ( v.o. ) eyeing Stuart weitzman pump . okay . orlean head down the street . Kaufman follow . she enter the New Yorker building . Kaufman wait outside . ext . swamp - day the sun be hot . laroche be twenty foot ahead of orlean . she watch he march forward with great authority . she massage she eyebrow , leave a residue of dirt on she face . int . HOTEL room - night Kaufman review he note . he be sweaty and wild - eye . kaufman ( v.o. ) I have nothing . I be nothing . I be fat . I be over . I be lose . ext . swamp - later the sun be high . orlean and laroche sit on dry ground . she stare at he . laroche will not look at she . he busy himself open the backpack and pull out food . finally , laroche speak without look up . laroche we be not lose . laroche take out a cigarette , light it . laroche ( cont would ) I be just turn around a little . he look up at she , see she stare at he . he poke around on the ground for something , come up with a straight twig . laroche ( cont would ) a sundial . I will just set this up , wait a few minute , and we will be able to tell which way the sun be move . we want to be head southeast . laroche stick the twig into the ground , stare at it . laroche ( cont would ) this be no big deal . you should eat something . orlean take a cracker . this relax laroche . he stretch he leg , knock over the twig . without look at orlean , he put the twig back . ( continued ) 83 . continued : laroche ( cont would ) so do you collect anything ? orlean ( non-responsive ) not really . laroche well , y'know it 's not really about collect the thing , it 's about -- orlean the sundial be not work . laroche look down at it . laroche it be so work . orlean stare at the twig in the ground . she look at laroche . laroche smile sheepishly at orlean . rage and panic sweep across she face , she fist clench into ball . her eye become wild , some dark fantasy play out in she brain . laroche seem unaware . laroche ( cont would ) the thing about computer . the thing I like be that I be immerse in it but it 's not a live thing that 's go to leave or die or something . I prefer have the minimum number of live thing to worry about in my life . orlean 's anger soften . she look sadly at laroche . orlean so , John ... laroche okay , fuck the sundial . we will just go straight and eventually we will get there . they rise . laroche ( cont would ) what I mean be we will get somewhere . out of here . I mean , logically , we have to get out as long as we walk straight . laroche point they in a direction and they walk . 84 . int . HOTEL room - morning Kaufman be sleep . it look like it 's be a rough night . the phone ring . he reach for it . kaufman hello ? jerry ( telephone voice ) hey , it 's Jerry . I wake you ? kaufman no , it 's okay . jerry ( telephone voice ) how 's it go ? have it be helpful to talk to the writer ? what 's she name ? kaufman yeah . Susan orlean . jerry ( telephone voice ) well , I mean , be you make headway ? Valerie 's breathe down my neck . kaufman you can not rush inspiration . y'know ? jerry ( telephone voice ) okay , fine . um , the other reason I be call be to tell you I , myself , and I be just amazing . kaufman what the hell be I , myself , and I ? jerry ( telephone voice ) you brother 's script . it 's tight , inventive . a smart , edgy thriller . the best spec script I have read this year . kaufman oh. good . jerry ( telephone voice ) I be gonna sell it for a shitload . two fuck talented guy in one family . y'know , maybe you could bring Donald on to help you finish the orchid thing . kaufman Jerry , do not say that . I mean -- ( continued ) 85 . continued : jerry ( telephone voice ) just a think , buddy . he 's really goddamn amazing at structure . kaufman Jerry , I gotta go . I have a appointment . I gotta go . jerry ( telephone voice ) adios , buddy . finish ! finish ! ext . NYC street ( montage ) - morning Kaufman wander . he eye other sad-look , bald , overweight man wander the street also . kaufman ( v.o. ) I be fat . I can not write . I be repulsive . I be old . I have accomplish nothing . I be just one more old , fat , bald man on the street . ext . swamp - day laroche lead the way . there 's a sadness , a sense of defeat and humiliation that he try to conceal . orlean be stony . laroche I have do this a million time . whenever everything 's kill I , I just say to myself , screw it , and go straight ahead . laroche lead orlean back into the brush . ext . NYC STREET - morning Kaufman see a white school building ahead , glow in the sun . he walk toward it . int . lobby - morning the lobby of a auditorium , crowded with enthusiastic people signing up for something . Kaufman wait in line . he watch the handsome guy ahead of he flirt with a attractive female registrar . the guy move on and the attractive registrar look without interest at Kaufman . registrar May I help you ? Kaufman avert he eye from she cool gaze ; they come to rest on a pile of mckee 's book Story next to she . 86 . int . auditorium - a bit later Kaufman sit in the pack room . mckee pace the stage with a mic clipped to he lapel . mckee year from now you will be stand around a posh cocktail party congratulate yourself on how you spend a entire weekend lock in a room with a asshole , a opinionate arrogant asshole , for you art . the audience laugh , except for Kaufman who look pain . kaufman ( v.o. ) I be pathetic . I be a loser . I be fat . mckee so ... what be the substance of write ? nothing as trivial as word be at the heart of this great art , my friend . Mc kee continue to talk but he voice go under . kaufman ( v.o. ) I have fail . I be panicked . I be fat . I have sell out . I be worthless . I ... mckee literary talent be not enough . first , last , and always , the imperative be to tell a story . Kaufman watch with disdain as people take note . mckee twenty three hundred year ago , aristotle say , when storytelling go bad in a society , the result be decadence . ( deadpan ) well , just look around you . everyone , except Kaufman , laugh giddily at mckee 's joke . mckee ( cont would ) aristotle also say : a story must have a beginning , a middle , and a end . the student nod in appreciation at this profundity . 87 . int . auditorium - later Mc kee scribbles a diagram onto a transparency in a overhead projector . it 's some kind of complicated time - line with act - break and corresponding page number indicate . the audience member take copious note . Kaufman sweat . kaufman ( v.o. ) it be my weakness , my ultimate lack of conviction that bring I here with all this desperate idiot lap up everything this bag of wind spout . easy answer . rule to short - cut yourself to success . and here I be , because my jaunt into the abyss bring I nothing . well , be not that the risk one take for attempt something new . I should leave here right now . I will start over -- ( start to rise ) I need to face this project head on and -- mckee ... and God help you if you use voice - over in you work , my friend . Kaufman stop , look up , startle . Mc kee seem to be look at he . mckee God fuck help you ! it 's flaccid , sloppy write . any idiot can write voice - over narration to explain the thought of a character . you must present the internal conflict of you character in image , in symbol . Film be a medium of movement and image . Kaufman look around at people scribbling in notebook . " any idiot ... " write the guy on one side of he . " flaccid ... " write the guy on the other side . mckee ( cont would ) okay , one hour for lunch . ext . NYC STREET - a few minute later student exit onto the street in small group . Kaufman wander by himself . his face be troubled . there be no sound . 88. int . auditorium - later Mc kee lecture . Kaufman sit and listen . a copy of aristotle 's poetics sit on he lap . the book feature a bust of aristotle on the cover . mckee you want you write to be original . you want to have a original voice like Neil Simon or nora ephron . well , let I tell you something , my friend . the key to originality be not eccentricity . a guy behind Kaufman give a appreciative " mmmm . " dissolve to : int . auditorium - later it 's late . the audience be tired , but still attentive . now Kaufman take serious note . mckee , energetic as ever , wear he sweater tie around he shoulder . we stay firmly plant on he face as he talk and talk . mckee Long speech be antithetical to the nature of cinema . the Greeks call it stykomythia -- the rapid exchange of idea . a long speech in a script , say a page long , require that the camera hold on the actor 's face for a minute . look at the second hand on you watch as it make one complete rotation around the clock face and you will get a idea of how intolerable that would be for a audience . the ontology of the screen be that it 's always now and it 's always action and it 's always vivid . life be rarely vivid . and that 's a important point . we be not recreate life on the screen . writer be not tape recorder . have you ever eavesdrop on people talk in a coffee shop ? then you know how dull and tedious real conversation be . Real people be not interesting . there 's not a person in this world -- and I include myself in this -- who would be interesting enough to take as be and put in a movie as a character . dissolve to : 89 . int . auditorium - later still Mc kee face the audience , hold a cup of coffee . mckee someone ask I recently , Bob , do you think Michelle pfeiffer be pretty . he pause theatrically , sip he coffee , then : mckee ( cont would ) ( deadpan ) Michelle pfeiffer be proof , my friend , that there 's a fuck God . the overtire audience break into uproarious laughter . Kaufman , with dark circle under he eye , giggle a little . mckee ( cont would ) okay . that 's it for tonight . remember , there will be a q and a tomorrow morning before class start . int . HOTEL - night Kaufman toss and turn in bed . dissolve to : ext . dream -like field - day the daguerreotype darwin , the aristotle sculpture , the hegel engrave , and the orlean book jacket photo be alive and in the middle of brutal and bloody fist fight . int . auditorium - morning Kaufman , bleary - eye , sit in the back . Mc kee pace . mckee anyone else ? Kaufman timidly raise he hand . mckee ( cont would ) yes ? ( continued ) 90 . continued : kaufman you talk about crisis as the ultimate decision a character make , but what if a writer be attempt to create a story where nothing much happen , where people do not change , they do not have any epiphany . they struggle and be frustrated and nothing be resolve . more a reflection of the real world -- mckee the real world ? the real fuck world ? first of all , if you write a screenplay without conflict or crisis , you will bore you audience to tear . secondly : nothing happen in the real world ? be you out of you fuck mind ? people be murder every day ! there 's genocide and war and corruption ! every fuck day somewhere in the world somebody sacrifice he life to save someone else ! every fuck day someone somewhere make a conscious decision to destroy someone else ! people find love ! people lose it , for Christ 's sake ! a child watch she mother beat to death on the step of a church ! someone go hungry ! somebody else betray he best friend for a woman ! if you can not find that stuff in life , then you , my friend , do not know much about life ! and why the fuck be you take up my precious two hour with you movie ? I do not have any use for it ! I do not have any bloody use for it ! kaufman okay , thanks . ext . NYC STREET - night the last of the student be filing out . Kaufman wait , lean against the building . Mc kee emerge , carry he brown leather bag . a shaky , tired Kaufman approach he . kaufman Mr. mckee ? mckee yes ? kaufman I be the guy you yell at this morning . ( continued ) 91 . continued : mckee ( try to recall ) I need more . kaufman I be the one who think thing do not happen in life . mckee oh , right , okay . Nice to see you . kaufman I need to talk . mckee I make it a rule not to give private tutorial to my seminar student . it would not be fair to the other . kaufman Mr. mckee , please . my even stand here be very scary . I do not meet people well . I be self - conscious and timid . but what you say this morning shook I to the bone . what you say be bigger than my screenwrite choice . it 's about my choice as a human be . please . mckee hesitates for a moment , then reach out and put he arm around Kaufman . mckee I could use a drink , my friend . ext . swamp - day laroche and orlean slog through the water with purpose , look only straight ahead . as they walk the sound and color become subdued . soon there be silence . orlean ( v.o. ) we turn to the right and see only more cypress and palm and sawgrass they turn leave and see metal flash in the sunlight . orlean ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) so we turn to the leave , and there , far down the diagonal of the levee , we could see the gleam of a fender . we follow it like a beacon all the way to the road . orlean and laroche walk toward the car . 92 . int . bar - night Kaufman and mckee sit at a table with beer . Kaufman read from he copy of the orchid thief . kaufman ... we follow it like a beacon all the way to the road . Kaufman close the book . there 's a pause . mckee then what happen ? kaufman that 's the book . I want to present it simply , without big character arc or sensationalize the story . I want to show flower as God 's miracle . I want to show that orlean never see the bloom ghost orchid . it 's about disappointment . mckee I see . that 's not a movie . you must go back and put in the drama . kaufman ( pause ) I have get page of false start and wrong approach . I be way past my deadline . I can not go back . mckee ah , the everpresent deadline . yes , I be do a kojak once and ... it be hell . mckee sip he beer , eye Kaufman . mckee ( cont would ) tell you a secret . the last act make the film . you can have a uninvolve , tedious movie , but wow they at the end , and you have get a hit . find a end . use what you have learn this weekend . give they that and you will be fine . tear form in Kaufman 's eye . kaufman you promise ? Mc kee smile . Kaufman hug he . Mc kee recognize he bulk . ( continued ) 93 . continued : mckee you have take my course before ? kaufman my brother do . my twin brother Donald . he 's the one who get I to come . mckee twin screenwriter . julius and Philip Epstein , who write casablanca be twin . kaufman you mention that in class . mckee the finest screenplay ever write . int . HOTEL room - night a drunken Kaufman pace , try to read Story . mckee 's ten commandment be tape to the wall . as be a photo of Michelle pfeiffer rip from a magazine . kaufman ( v.o. ) climax . a revolution in value from positive to negative or negative to positive with or without irony -- a value swing at maximum charge that 's absolute and irreversible . Kaufman be lose . he rub he temple . he dial the phone . donald ( phone voice ) great writer residence . kaufman Donald . donald ( phone voice ) hey , how 's the trip ? gettin ' it on with that lady journalist ? you dog you ! kaufman yeah . listen , I be call to say congratulation on you script . donald ( phone voice ) be not that cool ? Jerry say he can make I , like , high - six against a mill - five . kaufman that 's great , Donald . ( continued ) 94 . continued : donald ( phone voice ) I want to thank you for all you help . kaufman I be not any help . donald ( phone voice ) c'mon , you let I stay in you place and you integrity inspire I to even try . kaufman well , look , I have be think , maybe you would be interested in hang out with I in New York for a few day . donald ( phone voice ) oh my God , yes ! I be flatter ! int . HOTEL room - morning Donald lie on he back on the floor intently read the script . Kaufman pace . Donald finish , be quiet . kaufman so , like , what would you do ? donald script kind of make fun of I , huh ? kaufman sorry . I be try something . I -- donald hey , I do not mind . it 's funny . kaufman okay . so , what would you do ? donald you and I be so different , Charles . we be different talent . kaufman I know . just for fun . how would the great Donald end this script ? donald ( giggle ) the great Donald . ( serious ) well , I mean ... do you need the whole court case ? ( continued ) 95 . continued : kaufman uh , it 's what happen to laroche . it 's kind of important . donald it 's boring . no offense . a courtroom scene should be dramatic . stick the ruling in a line of dialogue , maybe . kaufman um. okay . donald too much about orchid . get rid of it . pare that stuff down to a minimum . frankly , I would focus more on the relationship between the brother . I think that 's the gold here . no one care about orchid . kaufman the book 's about orchid . donald that 's a problem . but do not let it ruin the movie . I mean , for example , use the orchid in a more dramatic way . have some kind of bang - up , crazy action sequence in the swamp . use the swamp better . it 's a tremendous fictional world . a set of great dramatic possibility . kaufman that 's true . but -- donald and put some twist in . reveal some surprising thing about laroche . God , what be I do give suggestion to you ? I mean you be like a seasoned professional . you be a artist . kaufman c'mon , you be the " mill - five " kid . donald ( enjoy this ) shut up ! ( think ) I love the laroche porno web-site stuff . be that real ? maybe make a bigger deal of that . I do not know . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) kaufman I think it 's real . I have not actually see the site . donald it 's sex , man ! incorporate it . int . HOTEL room - night the front door open and Kaufman enter . the light be off , but the room be aglow with light from Donald 's laptop computer . Kaufman see a silhouett Donald masturbate in front of the computer . Donald look up , catch . donald oh , hi , I be do some research . I find laroche 's site and ... I be embarrassed . kaufman Jesus , Donald . Kaufman pass Donald , glance at the grainy nude on the screen . he 's stunne . it 's orlean smile at he . donald what ? she 's kinda cute . you do not like she ? I dunno , I think she 's okay . it 's not like I be marrying she . Kaufman show Donald orlean 's book jacket photo . donald ( cont would ) oh , wow . that 's kind of a twist , huh ? kaufman Jesus . Jesus ! donald I think this be maybe a good thing for the script . go ask she about this . kaufman I be not gonna ask she about this . donald you want I to ? I do not mind . kaufman no , I do not want you to . donald I could easily pretend I be you . ( continued ) 97 . continued : kaufman no! no ! int . new york office build - day Donald , dress like Kaufman , wait by the elevator . orlean emerge . he 's about to talk to she , when she pull out a cell phone and dial . Donald decide to be a spy and follow she out of the building . ext . new york office build - continuous orlean talk on the phone . Donald trail close behind she . orlean so you will pick I up ? yeah , tomorrow . orlean stop to look in a shoe store window . Donald stop and look in the window also . orlean do not notice he . orlean ( cont would ) ten-twenty . twa . yes , of course I will . Donald walk off . int . HOTEL room - night Donald be focus on the computer . Kaufman sit in a chair in the corner . both man be in pajamas . kaufman what be she wear ? donald I do not know . like a dress maybe . kaufman do she look at I ? at you ? donald finally ! da-da-da-daaaaah ! S. orlean , twa flight 651 . arrive Miami 10:20 tomorrow morning . Donald turn and smile across the room to Kaufman . kaufman I do not want to do this , Donald . donald we will go together . it will be good . ( continued ) 98 . continued : Kaufman look squeamish . Donald pick up a hairbrush , hold it to he mouth . he start to sing " happy together . " Kaufman smile sheepishly , shrug Donald off . Donald persist . finally Kaufman join in . they do the whole number and fall laugh into each other 's arm . ext . miami INTERNATIONAL airport - day orlean wait with a suitcase outside the terminal . the beat - up white van pull up . orlean get in , the van speed off . another car pull away from the curb and follow it . int . car - a bit later Donald drive , keep up with the van , which speed and swerve through traffic . Kaufman be sweaty , nervous . kaufman it 's so weird to actually see that van in real life . donald so you want to build the symbolic charge of the story 's imagery from the particular to the universal . okay ? kaufman okay , but when you be create a image system , how do you know -- ext . suburban STREET - later the van pull into the driveway of a neat , middle - class house . Kaufman and Donald drive by , in time to see orlean and laroche emerge from the van . orlean seem different now : more exotic . she 's wear some kind of sexy sarong . Donald drive up the street , park , get out of the car , and watch as laroche lug orlean 's suitcase into the house . donald I will get a closer look . you wait here . kaufman ( momentously ) no , I want to go . I should go . I mean , it should be I , right ? I mean ... donald go for it , bro . you the man . Kaufman get out of the car . Donald get in , peruse Kaufman 's script . Kaufman walk past the house , try to peer in window . he see nothing . he slink around back . ( continued ) 99 . continued : in the yard , Kaufman find a greenhouse . it 's fill with row upon row of ghost orchid . kaufman Holy ... there 's movement in a window in the house . Kaufman duck . laroche ( o.s. ) darlin ' , I dunno what 's come over you ! Kaufman crawl over to the house , lift he face to the window . orlean and laroche be laugh , kissing , grop , and undress each other . Kaufman be heartbroken but transfix . suddenly laroche lock eye with Kaufman . orlean do not stop , johnny . laroche jump up and run naked to the back door . orlean ( cont 'd ) johnny ! where be you go ? Kaufman make a mad dash around the side of the house . laroche cut he off , grab he , drag he into the house . int . house - continuous laroche throw Kaufman down into a chair . the chair slide across the floor , tip over . orlean seem uninterested . she kiss laroche 's leg . laroche who the hell be you ? Kaufman notice laroche have a set of beautiful , white tooth . kaufman I just ... nobody , I just -- laroche shake orlean off he leg , kick Kaufman in the gut . laroche who the fuck be you ? kaufman um. I be just . I be at the wrong house . I be look for the Johnson family . laroche I get you Johnson family right here . ( continued ) 100 . continued : laroche kick Kaufman in the head . orlean kiss laroche 's back . Kaufman whimper . orlean honey , come back to bed . laroche who the hell send you ? rudy ? kaufman I be not -- again laroche kick Kaufman in the head . his scalp bleed . kaufman ( cont would ) I be the screenwriter . laroche what the fuck do that mean ? kaufman I be the guy adapt she book . her book about you . this register with laroche . laroche Jesus Fucking Christ . ( then , try to make sense ) why the fuck be you in my backyard ? kaufman I be , um , try ... I do not know . orlean be unforgive . orlean who 's the bloody fat guy ? laroche this be the fellow adapt you book for the movie , darling ' . orlean ( excited ) really ? I want to meet -- ( realize ) oh . what do he know ? kaufman I do not know anything . I swear . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) laroche he know about the greenhouse . ( to orlean ) we can not have this appear on the silver screen . kaufman it will not . I do not even under -- orlean johnny , I be so tired now . orlean lie down . laroche pace . Donald peer , unseen , into the back window . laroche he need to be get rid of . kaufman what ?! Donald 's eye widen . laroche pace . orlean watch laroche , fascinate by he every muscle movement . laroche small article in newspaper . orlean snap out of she muscle fixation , become fixate on he voice , he lip . laroche ( cont would ) screenwriter do research for movie about notorious orchid poacher be find drown in the fakahatchee after accidentally slip and hit he head on a rock . end of story . be that credible from a journalistic standpoint ? orlean johnny , come lie on top of I . laroche focus , darling ' . be this credible ? orlean ( concentrate ) um , oh ... this screenwriter be kill do research in Jamaica a few year ago . ( to Kaufman ) screenwriter , you have a car ? ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 3 ) kaufman I , um , no , I -- laroche get ready to kick he again . kaufman ( cont would ) a rental , a rental . orlean we drive he car there , leave it on the side of the swamp . that work . laroche good . I like that . orlean ( to Kaufman ) sorry . kaufman please . Donald disappear from the window . int . rental car - before dawn Kaufman drive . the headlight shine on laroche 's van ahead . orlean , no longer stone , sit next to he , hold a gun . she skim Kaufman 's screenplay . kaufman I think I have a sense of you from you book . ( beat ) I have a little crush on you , to tell the truth . you be different than I think . orlean huh . kaufman look , I do not care what you two be you do . please do not kill I . orlean hey , here 's one of my line . ( mockingly read from screen ) " be not it ironic ? you adapt my book ? my three year in Florida meditate on my inability to experience passion result in my find it with you . " ( continued ) 103 . continued : kaufman I be try to do something . orlean well , it 's kind of pathetic , dontcha think ? they drive in silence . orlean read more of the screenplay . orlean here 's I ! here 's I again ! ( mock ) " I want to know what it 's like to care about something passionately . " orlean laugh derisively . kaufman you can laugh , but I do not make that line up . that 's a quote from you book . orlean yeah , I know , charlie-boy . chill . I be laugh at who I use to be . it 's sad . kaufman so now you learn about passion . ( jealous ) from weirdo laroche . bully for you . orlean you can not learn about passion . you can be passion . and it be not John who make I passion . it be orchid . kaufman I think you do not even like orchid . orlean I lie about what happen at the end of the book . on the way out of the swamp ... ext . swamp - day laroche lead orlean through the swamp . he spot something on a tree , circle it , and stand there , awestruck . orlean come around and see a beautiful ghost orchid hang from the tree . laroche the jewel of the fakahatchee . orlean look at it , try to feel some passion for it , can not . ( continued ) 104 . continued : orlean I still do not get it . I mean , there it be . I can see it 's pretty , but -- laroche you will get it . laroche pull a see from he bag and cut the branch . int . basement - day there 's a makeshift lab . laroche be extract some gooey substance from the nectary . orlean ( v.o. ) back in John 's basement he explain he real plan for the ghost . he would discover a chemical inside with psychoactive property . his plan have always be to clone the flower and make a fortune marketing this drug . it be laroche 's kind of plan , it be not a control substance because the government do not know it exist . int . laroche's live room - night orlean nervously snort some green powder off the coffee table while laroche watch . she talk to the camera . orlean the first time I try it , the split second it take effect , I understand orchid . I love they with a passion I would never feel for anything . for anyone . the drug take effect and orlean turn away from we , become fixate on the ghost orchid sit on the table before she . she smell it , caress it , cry at its beauty . int . rental car - before dawn orlean be not it curious ? a orchid make I passionate about orchid . kaufman you be throw the truth away for a chemical confusion of you synapse -- orlean with this powder I be passionate about everything . ( more ) ( continued ) 105 . continued : orlean ( cont would ) I be alive in a profound world now . it sizzle with beauty and horror and sex . now write be -- word be -- a way to remove yourself from passion . so I be do with write . John and I be make a fortune with this extract . it 's big in the Miami club scene . we call it " Passion . " ( giggle ) be not that cute ? up ahead , laroche turn off the road at the fakahatchee sign . orlean ( cont would ) follow he , please . ext . jane scenic drive - a little while later laroche park . Kaufman park behind he . orlean gesture with she gun for he to get out . as Kaufman come around the car , he see Donald on the floor of the back seat . laroche emerge from he van with a flashlight and a rifle sling over he shoulder . orlean prod Kaufman to follow he . Kaufman shake and whimper as they all step down into the thigh-high water . they slog through silently . laroche stop . laroche this spot look good . ( think aloud ) now how do we do this ? hit he in the head with a rock first ? keeping in mind we can only hit he once and only with as much force as would be create by he slip and fall onto the rock . laroche pace . orlean find a place to sit on a hammock . she unwrap a small square of paper and snort something out of it . Kaufman shiver . orlean 's drug kick in . orlean Holy jesus. Holy ... hey , baby , hey ... orlean trail off . laroche talk to the space out orlean . laroche should we drow he , then hit he on the head ? uh-uh . a body bleed different if the heart 's stop . this new forensic guy be very smart . we really have to know we corpse to stand a chance : rigor mortis , lividity , putrefecation , ocular change . ( more ) ( continued ) 106 . continued : laroche ( cont would ) maybe you think we hit he on the head and force water into he lung after he 's dead ? no , darlin ' . they will know he do not drow . see , contrary to popular belief , the lung do not -- do not -- fill with water in a drown . what happen be , choke cause a irritation of the mucous membrane . this create a shitload of mucus in the windpipe . effort to breathe turn the mucus into a sticky foam which may or may not mix with vomit . it 's the presence of this white foam that indicate drown . there 's a lot to be aware of , susie . shoeprint , hair , microscopic fiber . Tire track . they all tell a tale to today 's forensic scientist . ( to Kaufman ) what do you think ? you be a writer . how would you do it ? what 's a good way to kill somebody ? kaufman I do not write this kind of bullshit . laroche do not get all huffy , I be simply -- suddenly laroche get whacked in the back , fly forward into the water . orlean look up , space . she 's confuse by a second Kaufman stand there with a bag of pot soil . Donald grab Kaufman and they run back toward the road . laroche pull himself from the water . laroche ( cont would ) fuck ! orlean ( receptively ) yeah , let 's , baby . she stagger moonily toward laroche . he push she away . laroche not now . we get to kill that guy . and now I guess that other guy as well . orlean ( disappointed ) ohhh . 107 . int . car - continuous Kaufman and Donald speed along the swamp road . kaufman for Christ 's sake , why do not you do something while we be in the car ? donald my back have seize . I could not move . laroche 's van pull close to they and ram they from behind . kaufman shit ! it ram they again , this time send they down into the swamp . the van stop . Donald try to back the car onto the road ; the wheel just spin . laroche step out of the van . donald we have gotta ditch this thing . kaufman ( hysterical ) it 's a rental ! it 's a rental ! donald now ! Kaufman and Donald climb from the car , make they way deep into the swamp . laroche follow they in on foot , drag orlean , who be admire all the plant life . orlean that 's beautiful ! what 's that , johnny ? what 's that one call ? I just so want to fuck that flower , do not you ? laroche asclepias lanceolata . Red milkweed . extremely fuckable . but we do not have time . laroche shoot at the brother . Kaufman whine . laroche ( to orlean ) what 's he name ? orlean um , y'know ... Charlie or something . ( continued ) 108 . continued : laroche Charlie ! listen , let 's talk ! this pie be big enough for four people ! ( to orlean ) why be there two of he ? orlean shrug . orlean identical twig ? ( laugh crazily ) do I say twig ? I mean twin . Kaufman and Donald run through a colony of sawgrass . it slice they like razor blade . Kaufman yell in pain . blood ooze through they shirt and pants . laroche cladium jamaicense , guy . sawgrass . you want to watch out for that . that 's some evil shit . cut you up . kaufman fuck you , laroche ! laroche just tryin ' to be helpful . walk with we and I will be sure you avoid all the pitfall . I know this swamp forward and backwards . there 's alligator and poisonous snake , fella . Wild hog . Kaufman and Donald be stop by a large body of water . nowhere to go . laroche and orlean close in . the brother run along the periphery of the lake . Donald stop . donald wait . do you hear something ? Kaufman stop , hear a distant gallop and squealing . kaufman Donald , that sound bad . the brother run in the opposite direction . the gallop get louder . it 's wild pig . Donald spot a airboat on the shore . they jump onto it , search hysterically in the dark for bow to start it . the pig get closer . laroche and orlean get closer . Donald find a button , press it , the engine start . they pull away from the shore just as the pig catch up . one pig leap on board , squealing . Kaufman kick at it as Donald attempt to steer the boat . a kick connect and the pig fly into the water . ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 2 ) laroche stand at the shoreline and fire he rifle . it nick the boat . Donald look back and the boat head for a cypress stand . kaufman watch out , watch out , watch out ! Donald get the boat back on course . laroche and orlean have be leave far behind . Donald slow the boat . donald I think we be okay . suddenly laroche 's van come tear around a corner and speed along the road at the water 's edge . orlean shoot at the boat from the van window . donald ( cont would ) hold on ! Donald speed up . the van keep up , the shoot continue . bullet whiz . Kaufman put he head in he hand . a bullet hit the airboat 's gas tank . it explode in a ball of flame , illuminate the whole swamp . Kaufman and Donald be throw , along with flame piece of debris . Donald tread water , look all around for Kaufman . donald ( cont would ) Charles ?! Charles ?! where be you ? underwater . a daze Kaufman try to get he bearing . the murky lake bottom be light a dim orange by the fire on the surface . a alligator appear . Kaufman panic , surface . on the surface , Donald spot Kaufman pop out of the water , then get jerk back down . Donald dive . underwater . the alligator violently shake Kaufman by the leg . Donald surface , come back down with a break propeller blade . he hack the alligator 's head off , grab Kaufman , and bring he to the surface . Donald swim to shore with Kaufman in tow . another shot be fire . it skim the water near Kaufman . kaufman fuck ! fuck , Donald , we be dead . donald we be okay . how 's you leg ? kaufman I do not know . how 's you back . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 3 ) donald it 's fine . my back be fine . laroche and orlean circle the lake in the van , shoot . Mike Owen , in pajamas , leave he house , jump in he truck and agitatedly drive toward the noise and flame . Donald make it to shore . he climb out and be help Kaufman , when he get hit by a bullet and fall . kaufman Donald ! Kaufman sloshes to shore . his right leg be bloody and mangle . he lift he brother 's head onto he lap . kaufman you be gonna be okay . donald no . but do not let they get you , too . ( weak smile ) you get a fuck awesome third act . kaufman ( cry ) Donald , this be a awful , bizarre thing to say and a awful time to say it , but I be sorry I do not get to know you better . I be so sorry . I be so sorry . donald it 's really ... you have be really nice . kaufman see , it 's just I think I know you already . I think you be I . and I hate I . Donald touch Kaufman 's face . Kaufman look at he brother . Donald 's face glow radiantly in the fire light . donald well , do not do that anymore . okay ? kaufman okay . Donald die . Kaufman scream heavenward . the van appear out of the bush , barrel for they . Kaufman roll he brother out of the way , and limp off into a slough . the van follow , smashes into a tree , and come to a halt . ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 4 ) smoke pour from the grill and be light by the headlight . out of the smoke , laroche and orlean appear with gun . they follow Kaufman into the swamp . Mike Owen pull next to the disabled van . he get out , survey the mess , see bloody Donald on the ground . mike owen Jesus , that writer guy . Owen grab he c.b. , try to radio for help . it 's break . he lift Donald into the back of the truck and speed off . Kaufman limp through the dark water . laroche and orlean follow the sound of he sloshing . orlean Water sound so sparkly . like lemon plastic jewel plopping onto a silver trampoline ! dontcha think ? laroche darlin ' , please . orlean can we fuck now , baby ? fuck like lemon ? Owen tear along the dirt road . up ahead , Kaufman limp out of the swamp , into the truck 's headlight . Owen be confuse . he check the back to see if Donald 's body be still there and skid off the road into the swamp . Kaufman hurriedly limp over to the disabled truck . Owen climb out . kaufman you gotta help I . you gotta help I . mike owen what the hell be go on here ? kaufman they be after I . they have get gun . they kill my brother . mike owen who 's get gun ? what be you -- before Owen finish , he truck be flip over . Donald 's body fly into the water . there , stare Kaufman and Owen down , be a giant man-like beast . it 's repulsive , cover in algae-matted fur . mike owen ( cont would ) Holy shit . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 5 ) the two man turn and run . mike owen ( cont would ) it 's real ! I can not believe it , I never -- the creature grab Owen and snap he neck like a toothpick . Kaufman scream as he run , watch over he shoulder . he run right into the arm of orlean . orlean hey , it 's the screenwriter ! kaufman there 's a thing back there ! you do not want to be here . Kaufman , orlean , and laroche look back . nothing there . laroche you be right , I do not want to be here . I be tired , let 's get this over with . laroche put the gun to Kaufman 's head . Kaufman tense . orlean study laroche 's gun . her nose be practically touch the barrel . orlean I love you gun , baby . can we trade ? laroche stand back , sweetness . laroche reach for orlean 's arm to pull she away . suddenly the creature grab laroche , pull he into the swamp . laroche ( cont would ) susie ! susie ! orlean look around . orlean where would johnny go ? laroche ( o.s. ) susie ! orlean , agitate and disorient , fire repeatedly into the darkness . something slump forward in the water . orlean step cautiously over , keep she gun on Kaufman . the creature be dead , so be laroche . ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 6 ) orlean ( cry softly ) oh , johnny . she sit next to laroche and pet he head . Kaufman watch she . the sun be come up . kaufman I would just stare at you picture , and you look so sweet . I read you word and I think you be smart and maybe lose and lonely like I . and the way you write about laroche . you say he be handsome even though he have no front tooth -- orlean oh , johnny . johnny 's tooth . oh ... kaufman I figure you could look at I and see something , even with all my flaw you could look at I and find something , you could maybe someday write a description of I that would be nicer than the one I write day in and day out in my head . ( hopefully ) would it be ? Kaufman take orlean 's chin in he hand and direct she gaze to he . she stare at he for a long while , then : orlean you be really so wonderful . kaufman really ? orlean so wonderful . I can see inside you soul . it glow with orange sadness . it 's raining inside you . I want to run through you dripply dripple . it 's so beautiful . I love you . I do . Kaufman let go of she face and sit on a rock . kaufman it 's the drug . orlean stand and walk toward Kaufman . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 7 ) orlean no , it 's I . it 's the real I . look at you . I just want to hold you and -- oh , crap , it 's wear off . crap ! she pace , unfold she little square of paper . orlean ( cont would ) I be out . I be fuck clean out . Kaufman watch she for a moment . kaufman okay , bye . orlean I can not let you go , fatty . I can not let you make this public . Kaufman keep walk . orlean ( cont would ) you hear I ? you pathetic , fat , bald ... you do not even know how to write ! you be not even ... you be not leave here ! ( scream , cry ) I need a fix ! everything 's so ugly ! orlean scream in anguish . Kaufman keep walk . orlean shakily aim the gun at he back . she shoot . Kaufman fall , get up , keep walk . she aim again through she tear . suddenly she 's pounce on by a bloody , soaking wet figure . Kaufman turn . kaufman Donald ! Kaufman limp back . Donald and orlean roll on the ground . donald my brother be not fat . he 's not bald . my brother be a great writer ! he be try to do something important ! the gun fire . orlean slump over Donald . Kaufman arrive . both Donald and orlean be dead . Kaufman fall to he knee . ext . swamp - morning the sun be high . fire smoulder . a tow -truck extricate one of the crash vehicle . State police car , ambulance , ranger truck abound . Kaufman be wrap in a blanket . ( continued ) 115 . continued : he be with a cop and point to the body spread on a black plastic tarp . kaufman that 's Mike Owen . John laroche . Susan orlean . I do not know what that be . I think it might be a swamp ape . and that 's Donald , my twin brother . he save my life . Kaufman cry a little . the cop wait sympathetically , then : police officer you two really look alike . kaufman ( proudly ) yeah . yes , we do . int . california pizza kitchen - day Kaufman sit in a booth , work longhand on a legal pad . he 's a little scrape - up , a little tougher . a copy of Story by mckee be among he reference material . Alice , the waitress , walk by and glance at the table . alice oh , I love mckee ! ( recognize Kaufman , get reserve ) oh , hi . have not see you in a while . kaufman hi. yeah , I have be away . alice so you study screenwrite ? kaufman I be actually finish one up . alice good for you ! I too . God , it 's so hard to get in , huh ? everyone and they brother be write a screenplay . kaufman yeah . actually I be write this one for Sony picture . alice really ? wow. really ? that 's so cool . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 116 . continued : alice ( cont would ) wow ! so what 's it about , if you do not mind my ask ? kaufman that 's tough . let 's see ... about be yourself , maybe . it 's about learn that if you can not love yourself , you can not really love anyone . alice that 's true . God , that 's so true . it 's such a important message , y'know ? kaufman see , my twin brother be murder recently -- alice oh God ! I be sorry . that 's so horrible . kaufman thanks . like part of I rip away . forever . it be a wake up call . alice I be so sorry . you poor man . kaufman anyway , it help put thing in perspective . life be a miracle . all life , from the flower to the human be . you. me. and I want to show people that . for my brother . for everyone . there 's a pause . Alice just stare at he , in awe . alice listen , do you mind if I sit for a sec ? kaufman but you be work . alice ( shrug ) it 's a stupid job , y'know . I be Alice . kaufman Charlie . alice I like that name . Charlie . I have always really like that name . Charlie . Alice smile , sit . the two of they begin to talk . 117 . ext . space - night subtitle : hollywood , california , five billion and forty year later a enormous chunk of rock , dimly light by faraway star , float by . silence . fade to black . white text on black screen : " let I have man about I that be fat ; sleek -headed man and such that sleep o' night . " - William Shakespeare in love memory of Donald Kaufman the end