" affliction " screenplay by Paul schrader base on a novel by Russell bank 1997 shoot draft credit still - life tableaus . lawford , n.h. , a town of fifty building on a glacial ridge , neither mountain nor plateau . develop as 1880 's forestland , discard in the Depression . Winter have set in . Halloween day . snowy field yield to overcast sky : oppressive , horizonless , flourescent . -- wickham 's Restaurant . where Route 29 bend . 24 - hour diner . margie fogg work here . -- trailer park in shadow of parker Mountain . Home of Wade whitehouse . -- Toby 's Inn . Roadhouse three mile from town on the river side of Route 29 . everything not tie down end up here . -- Glen whitehouse farm . White clapboard . -- first congregational Church . North on the common from City Hall . -- lariviere Co. ramshackle well - digging firm embarrassingly near the town center . Wade work here . -- merritt 's Shell Station . cinder-block . -- alma pittman 's house . like so many other . -- town Hall . rolfe whitehouse's voice , thirtiesh , articulate , speak over credit tableaus : rolfe ( v.o. ) this be the story of my older brother 's strange criminal behavior and disappearance . we who love he no longer speak of Wade . it 's as if he never exist . by tell he story like this , as he brother , I separate myself from he family and that who love he . everything of importance -- that be , everything that give rise to the tell of this story -- occur during a single deer- hunt season in a small town in upstate New Hampshire where Wade be raise and so be I . one night something change and my relation to Wade 's story be different from what it have be since childhood . I mark this change by Wade 's tone of voice during a phone call two night after Halloween . something I have not hear before . let we imagine that around eight o'clock on Halloween Eve , speed past Toby 's , Route 29 , come a pale green eight - year - old Ford fairlane with a police bubble on top . a square - face man wear a trooper 's cap be drive the vehicle . beside he sit a child , a little girl with a plastic tiger mask cover she face . the man be drive fast -- -- Route 29 tableau dissolves to night . a pale green police Ford fairlane drive past . end credit int . / ext . police car - night WADE whitehouse , drive , sit beside jill , he daughter , ten year - old , wear a black - and - yellow tiger plastic mask . WADE I be sorry for the screw -up . but I could not help it it 's too late to go trick - or-treate now . I could not help it I have to stop at penny 's for the costume . and you be hungry , remember . jill who 's fault be it then if it 's not yours ? you be the one in charge , daddy . WADE ( shake cigarette from pack ) yeah . jill look . that kid be still trick - or - treat . they be still out . Wade watch boy in the headlight , light cigarette . WADE that be the hoyt . jill I do not care . they be out . WADE can not you see ... look out there . nobody 's get they porch light on anymore . it 's too late . that hoyt kid be just out to get in trouble . see , they put shave cream all over that mailbox there . they chop down herb crane 's new bush . Little bastard . Jesus H. Christ . Wade grimace , hold he jaw . the fairlane swerve around break pumpkin under a caution light . jill why do they do that ? WADE do what ? jill you know . WADE break stuff ? jill yeah . it 's stupid . WADE I guess they be stupid . jill do you do that when you be a kid ? WADE well , yeah . sort of . nothing really mean . I and my pal , I and my brother . it be kind of funny then . stealing pumpkin , soap window . stuff like that . jill be it funny ? WADE to we it be . jill but it 's not funny now . WADE it 's not funny now . I be a cop and I gotta listen to all the complaint people make . I be not a kid anymore . you change . jill I bet you do lot of bad thing . WADE what be you talk about ? jill I just think you use to be bad . WADE no . I do not use to be bad . no sir . where do you get this stuff ? from you mother ? jill no . she do not talk about you anymore . Wade look at she , want to lift she mask , see she face . CUT to : ext . town hall - night the fairlane approach town Hall , a square two -story building on the north side of the common . exhaust billow from idling car as parent and child come and go . CUT to : int . town hall - night clown , tramp , angel and vampire fill the brightly light room . Parents watch from the wall as gordon lariviere , a beefy fiftiesh man with a silver flat - top , announce the costume contest . Wade nod to various townspeople . lariviere we be look for the funniest costume ! and the scariest ! and the most imaginative ! and the best costume of all ! WADE ( nudge Jill ) get here just in time . go ahead . jump in line . maybe you will win a prize . Jill step forward , retreat . Wade look at she flaxen hair , she blue sneaker protrude from she pathetic costume . his heart aches he love she so . WADE go on , Jill . some of that kid you still know . jill I do not want to . WADE why ? why not ? you know this kid from when you go to school here . it have not be that long . jill it 's not that . WADE what then ? jill it 's stupid . WADE it 's fun . jill ( voice break ) I want to go home . ( Wade kneel down ) I do not like it here . WADE oh , Jesus , come on , will you ? do not mess this up anymore than it 's already be mess up . join the other kid . do that and before you know it you will be as happy as a goddamn clam . Wade inch she toward the circle of child . Gordon spot they : lariviere Wade ! and who 's that tiger ? be that Jill ? come and join we . Jill in the spotlight , join the costume child . a former classmate call she name . Wade , relieved , watch , then step outside for a smoke . CUT to : ext . town hall - night Wade step outside , light a cigarette . jack hewitt , 23 , clean -cut , handsome , cocky , stand with chick ward and frankie lacoy , local boy . WADE what be you boy up to ? chick same old shit . frankie you see the damage this little son - of bitch be raise tonight ? WADE ( to Jack ) you be go to have to move you pickup . jack I know . chick ( offer whiskey pint ) take a bite . WADE do not mind if I do . jack lariviere 's have a hell of a time in there . master of fuck ceremony . WADE where 's that gun you be brag on today ? Jack stop over to he double - park burgandy pickup , remove a brown bar .30/06 with a scope , hand it to Wade . jack no brag . just fact . WADE ( admire gun ) get you for -- 450 , 500 buck ? ( pass it to frankie ) frankie Nice . jack ( to Wade ) see you get Jill tonight . how would you manage that ? WADE ( turn ) do not forget to move you truck . ( walk inside ) CUT to : int . town hall - night on stage , lariviere arrange the contest winner . a fairy godmother with a wand beam while , nearby , a hobo writhes in he mother 's grip -- a hard loser . Wade look for Jill , first among the winner , then among the loser ; she 's nowhere to be find . he head toward a hall lead to the restroom . Jill stand alone in the corner next to the pay phone , tiny , forlorn . Wade realize at once he be wrong to leave she before she have find a friend . WADE some party , huh ? sorry I lose sight of you . I have to step outside for a smoke . you find anybody you know here ? there must be some kid you use to know from school . you want to go tomorrow ? see you old teacher ? be more fun than hang out with I all day . jill no . WADE no what ? jill ( lift mask atop head ) no I do not see anybody I know . no I do not want to go to school here tomorrow . I want to go home . WADE you be home . there be lot of kid you still know here . jill I do not want to be here . do not worry , I love you , daddy , I do . but I want to go home . WADE ( sigh ) Jesus . listen , Jill , tell you what . tomorrow morning , you still want to go home , I will drive you down . I will get off work or something . jill ( pause ) I call mommy . WADE what ? you call mommy ? just now ? jill yes . WADE Jesus , why ? jill I ... because I want to go home . she say she would come and get I . WADE come and get you ! shit ! it 's a damn half hour drive each way . why do not you talk to I about it first ? jill see , I know you would be mad . WADE yeah . yeah , right , I be mad . what would you tell she , for Christ sake ? jill I tell she I want to come home . daddy , do not be mad at I . WADE well , I guess I be . I plan this , I plan all this , you know . I mean , it 's sort of pathetic , but I plan it . you should not have call you mother . ( take she arm ) C 'mon , we be gonna call she before she leave . CUT to : ext . police office - night Wade lead she to a frost - glass door read " police " , enter . Inside , he flip on flourescent light , dial the desk phone . more utility room than office . he wait . there 's no answer . Jill look down . WADE she 's go already ! ( hang up ) go already ! could not wait . jill yes . WADE that 's all you get to say ? " yes " . jill yes . WADE she will not be here for a half hour . think you can stand it that long ? jill yes . WADE where do you expect to wait for she ? obviously downstairs with the other kid be not good enough . Jill sit in a chair face the dark window pane . WADE sit right there by yourself if you want . wait for she by yourself . that 's fine with I . just dandy . I be go downstairs . jill that 's fine with I too . when mommy come , tell she I be up here . Wade whitehouse stalk out . CUT to : ext . town hall - night Wade step outside , notice Jack hewitt and he kewpie-doll girlfriend hettie , 20 , sit in the cab of he double - park pickup , share a joint , talk to lacoy alongside . WADE I think I tell you to move that truck ! jack relax , Chief . we be leave . you wanna toke ? WADE ( step over ) you gotta be more careful about that shit . Gordon or one of that guy see you smoking that wacky tabacky around I they will expect I to bust you . and I will be outta a job . jack some job . here , have a hit . do not be such a hardass . I know you get problem , but everybody 's get problem . ( offer joint ) WADE not here . lacoy laugh : that Jack hewitt , some guy . Wade hold he aching jaw . he look at Jack 's young athletic body , he pretty girlfriend , envie he . jack well , c'mon , then . get in and we will take a little ride , my man . Wade look up to the window where Jill wait , walk around the front of the truck , get in . CUT to : int . / ext . jack truck - night Jack 's high - body pickup growl in low gear as it drive past merritt 's Shell station toward saddleback Ridge . Jack lower the radio as Wade ask he about deer season ; hettie lean forward to hear the music . jack get a job first thing in the morning , first day of season . Saturday I will hunt for myself . twombley something . - er -- WADE Evan . he 's a mucky - muck union official from Massachusetts . you be lucky . jack do not know about lucky . the guy 's a full - blow asshole . pay 's good , though . $ 100 a day . I get to guarantee a kill , of course . which I can do . there 's some monster buck hide out up there . WADE how would you get the job ? jack Gordon , he 's always get some angle work . he want to keep twombley happy , I be he boy . Wade grimace as he pass the joint back . hettie what 's wrong with you ? WADE toothache . ( to Jack ) you should get close to he . make yourself irreplaceable . guy 's load . jack like you and Gordon ? WADE right . the sonofabitch could not get along without I . jack ( laugh ) yeah , he would go break tomorrow if you quit he . WADE ( laugh ) right ! a car flash past . jack bastard 's get he high beam on . WADE ( watch ) shit . hettie what ? WADE my ex- wife lillian and she husband . that be they in the audi that just pass we . jack audi 's a good car . hettie what 's she up here for ? WADE aw , shit , she 's here to get Jill . I and Jill have a little argument . Jack , I get to get back , get back to town . move this thing , will you ? see if you can get back to the town Hall before they get there , okay ? jack piece of fuck cake . Jack brake , wheel the 4 x4 around , head back to town . CUT to : ext . town hall - night most parent have leave or be leave with they costume child . hewitt 's burgundy pickup break alongside the audi . Wade swing open the passenger door , jump to the ground : WADE lillian ! lillian where 's Jill ? lillian , 40 , attractive in a ankle- length hood coat . whatever pose Wade strike , she strike the opposite . her dress and demeanor set she apart . WADE I and Jill , we just have a little spat . she feel kind of leave out , I guess , from not know some of the new kid -- lillian where be she now ? be she in the truck with you friend ? Jack and hettie neck inside the cab . WADE she tell I she want to wait for you . Inside . Jill at the window in she tiger mask . lillian wave ; Jill motion she will be down . lillian while you go off for a few beer with you friend ? be that hettie rodger there , with whatzizname ? WADE yeah . lillian she 's grow up some , have not she ? WADE oh , Jesus , lay off , will you ? it look like you have win this fuck round already , so lay off a little , for Christ 's sake . horner , 45 , lillian 's new husband , thin with thinning hair and a tyrolean hat , see Jill at the entrance and head toward she . WADE horner ! leave she be . this 's get nothing to do with you , so just act like the chauffeur . get it ? horner Wade . nobody want any trouble . horner greet Jill , walk she to the silver audi . pass parent , listen , give Wade a wide berth . WADE I do not want she to go , lillian . lillian do not cause a scene . no one 's try to win any ' round ' . do not make it any worse . WADE I be not make it any worse . you be . I and Jill could have work this thing out . it 's normal , it 's even normal for I to get a little touchy about it . believe it or not . how do you think this make I look , treat she like some tragic victim or something ? horner open the car door for Jill , shut it . Wade shove he : WADE just wait till we be through , goddamnit ! horner 's hat fall . lillian , icy , stare at Wade . he back off . Wade sometimes wonder : how would lillian pittman of lawford , n.h. , get so much class ? WADE do not you say a word . I do not hit he . I be not go to hit anybody . horner sit behind the wheel . lillian silently stare Wade up and down , get in the car beside Jill . the automatic lock latch as the audi drive away . its taillight merge with vanish traffic . Wade look down , pick up horner 's dark green tyrolean hat , examine it , as if unsure of its function . Wade walk toward town Hall . margie fogg , exite , greet he : margie New hat ? ( no answer ) Jill 's up , I see . WADE ( vague ) for a while . margie how 's she do ? WADE okay . she 's fine . margie you two want to do anything tomorrow and need a third party , give I a call , okay ? I be off . nick wickham , 45 , marg 's boss , pass by : wickham like hell you be . tomorrow 's first day of deer season . I will need you at least in the morning . margie ( shrug ) well , that 's that . nick ( walk off ) take care , Wade . WADE you be careful of that little bastard . he 's die to get in you pants , you know . margie ( laugh ) do not worry . I can protect my virtue . I mean , c'mon , Wade , give I a break . WADE see you tomorrow , maybe . margie you okay ? WADE yeah . Wade , lose in think , continue toward town Hall . at the door , lariviere , one of the last to leave , eye he . Wade toss horner 's hat inside . WADE tomorrow , Gordon . lariviere watch this snow . it 's come down tonight . Wade nod as he light a cigarette . alone , he watch the last car pull out . he hold he jaw . CUT to : ext . wade's trailer home - dawn pre-dawn light silhouettes a dozen weather - beat mobile home set off Route 29 . snow continue to fall . a sheet of white stretch down parker mountain . CUT to : int . wade's trailer - dawn 6:40 . a clock radio pierce the silence with classic rock . Wade whitehouse roll over , run he tongue across mossy tooth , shut off the music . he look out the window , grunt : " shit ! " he step over to the phone by the fray plaid couch , dial . Wade 's trailer be surprisingly neat , consider its owner smoke too much , drink too much , eat take - out and rarely clean up . WADE ( on phone ) lugene ? Wade . hoya doin ? ( fumble for cigarette ) look , I be wonder , with the snow and all , if you get school today ? ( light cigarette ) how the hell do I know ? you be the principal . all I be suppose to do be direct traffic from 7:30 to 8:30 . ( listen ) yeah , okay , I be sorry -- I only just now see it be snow , that 's all . my whole day be fuck . I gotta plow all day . if I do not get over to lariviere 's early enough , I be stick with the grader . I be just hope you would have call school off . ( beat ) you check the weather bureau ? ( acquiesce ) okay , I hear you . I will be over in a bit . ( hang up ) CUT to : ext . wade's trailer home early - morning Jack hewitt 's 4 x4 pass Wade 's trailer , continue up 29 . Tire chain splice the path . CUT to : ext . jack truck early - morning Jack behind the wheel . beside he evan twombley , 60 , fleshy , irish , wear brand new scarlet wool pants , jacket and cap . he feed on the misfortune of other . twombley it 's not enough snow , not for tracking the bastard . no advantage there , kid . jack do not worry , Mr. twombley , I know where that sucker be . rain or shine , snow or no snow . I know deer . we will kill we a buck today . guaranteed . before ten . twombley guaranteed , eh ? jack yep . right about now the do be hole up in the brush pile . the buck be right behind they and we be right behind the buck . ( gesture to gun rack ) this gun get fire before ten o'clock . whether it kill a deer or not be more less up to you . I will put you inside 30 , 35 yard of a buck the first four hour of the season . that 's what you be pay I for , be not it ? twombley damn straight ! hewitt look at twombley 's rifle : a Winchester m - 94 pump - action , custom carve stock and not a scratch on it . never fire , at least not by twombley . jack done much shoot with that rifle yet ? twombley ( eye he ) tell you what . you get I close to a big buck by ten , kid , there 's another hundred buck in it . jack if you get it ? twombley yeah . jack you might not kill it . twombley you think so . jack you might gut - shoot it or cripple it for somebody else to find and tag . can not guarantee that will not happen , especially with a new gun . I may have to shoot it . twombley you take care of you end , kid , I will take care of mine . jack mmm . twombley you understand what I be say ? I want a deer , a dead one , not a cripple or whatthefuck . jack I get it . ( disdain ) no sweat . you will get yourself a deer and you will get he dead . and you will have he by coffee time . twombley and you will get you extra hundred buck . jack ( smile ) wonderful ! the pickup disappear behind a curve of pine and spruce tree . CUT to : ext . school - morning Wade whitehouse , wear a reflective vest , wave a district school bus into the parking lot . noisy , jostling grade schooler emerge from the bus . Jill 's former classmate . straight as a statue , Wade hold back traffic . Cars and truck be back up on the unplow road . horn honk and bleat ; a woman 's voice yell , " whitehouse , we ' be not get all day ! " Wade , daydream , seem oblivious to the commotion . oblivious -- or just plum contrary . a shiny black BMW approach , speed , pass traffic on the shoulder . a man and a woman in a fur coat sit in front , two child in back . whitehouse wave for it to stop . the BMW accelerate through the intersection , ignore Wade and the traffic . it whizze past , spin Wade , and be quickly up the road , spew ice and exhaust . Wade slip to one knee . honk ensue ; every car go where it wish . Wade , brush off snow , follow the last bus as it pull in . lugene brooks , 60 , school principal , rush over : lugene be you okay , Wade ? what be wrong ? why be you hold everyone up ? WADE do you see that sonofabitch in the BMW ? he could have kill somebody . lugene do you get he number ? WADE I know who it be . lugene good . who ? WADE mel Gordon . lugene I still do not understand -- WADE from Boston . Evan twombley 's son - in - law -- he be drive . I know where they be head . up the lake , agaway . the old man 's out deer hunt with Jack hewitt , so they probably get some big weekend party plan . Wade set he face , think . CUT to : ext . wood - day snowprint lead from Jack 's pickup to where he and twombley walk , gun point skyward . they enter a line of tree . Jack watch twombley walk ahead of he , wrap like a huge infant in red bunt , crunching twig underfoot . he look from side to side , check he gun , return to watch twombley . they be alone . jack Safety on ? twombley nod , slip , thump to the ground . his rifle land silently . Jack sprint over , help he up , safety latch the Winchester . hand it back . twombley I be okay . jack follow close . we will cross the next meadow . Jack find a path , one eye on twombley : jack I use to play ball . twombley yeah ? jack drafted by the Red Sox . twombley you play for the Sox ? jack double A. New Britain . twombley oh . jack pitcher . " best ballplayer to come out of New Hampshire since carlton fisk . " twombley really . jack they say . twombley hmm . jack the only difference between I and that clemen on tv be luck , shit luck . twombley what happen ? jack ruine my arm . bring I along too fast . why would it have to be my fuck arm , I use to think . then I realize it have to be somebody 's fuck arm . Jack wait for twombley as they enter a meadow . Jack aim he rifle at twombley as he approach . twombley hey , hewitt ! slow the fuck down ! Jack aim away , follow a imaginary bird . twombley step alongside . jack Safety on ? twombley yeah . jack this way . twombley ( walk loudly ) Sun 's gettin high . jack ( finger to lip ) deer have ear too . CUT to : ext . lariviere CO . - day milky sky flatter lariviere Co. , a sprawl of well - digging , septic and snow plow equipment . billboard declaime : " lariviere CO . -- our business be go in the hole ! " a motto repeat on every truck and piece of equipment . Wade 's green fairlane be park outside the office . CUT to : int . lariviere CO . - day Wade , puffing a cigarette , pass elaine's ( lariviere secretary ) desk , she large red " no smoke " sign , ease into a office modum chair . he unzip he jacket , slap he cap against he thigh , spraying drop of melt snow . Gordon lariviere , speak on the phone past a glass partition , call to Wade : lariviere told you the snow be come down . take the grader . WADE where 's the plow ? lariviere Jimmy take it . Jack 's out hunt with Evan twombley . WADE his son- in - law damn near kill I . lariviere ( hang up ) huh ? WADE at the school crossing . in he BMW . coulda hurt some kid . I be gonna bust he ass . lariviere do not go play policeman . WADE what be I -- a security guard ? you hire I , you and you selectman friend . lariviere you do not want the extra police pay ? WADE I be not say that . lariviere get the grader . go out 29 past Toby 's . do not let lillian get to you . she do not belong here . that 's why she leave . WADE fuck you . lariviere that 's what I love about a small town . you know everybody . Wade exit toward the blue grader . CUT to : ext . wood - day Jack and twombley walk through fresh snow . the hillside 's thick with pine tree . twombley , red-face , puffing , lean to speak to hewitt . Jack lift a finger to he lip : jack stay here , stand where I be . twombley peer over a slight cliff at a lumber trail twenty foot below . Jack point : jack Fresh track . ( sniff ) Deer shit . Big one . here 's you buck , Mr. twombley . I will circle around . twombley you only get a little while if you want you hundred buck . Jack zig - zag down the incline , while twombley , gun poise , waddle along the edge . Jack stop fifty foot away , watch twombley , a cartoon character . a stag poke he nose through the pine , step into a clear . Jack aim he rifle , look at twombley . twombley turn to see the buck , lose he foot , tumble down the twenty - foot cliff . CUT to : ext . toby's inn - day a open cab grader ( " we Business be go in the hole " ) sit in the rutte lot outside Toby 's , a beer joint with fake wood siding and 24 - hour neon sign . a four-wheel drive plow with the lariviere motto pull in , park beside the blue grader . jimmy dame , 40 , get out , glance at the grader as he enter . CUT to : int . toby's inn - day Jimmy join Wade at the bar , call for a beer . frankie lacoy bullshit with two long -haire local at a nearby table ; they conversation drift in and out . country music play through a break juke box speaker . Wade touch he tooth , grimace . jimmy how 's it goin ? WADE cold . how you think ? jimmy sorry about that . why 's it every year , come first snow , you get stick with the grader ? WADE School . traffic crossing . ( light cigarette ) I gotta quit this thing . jimmy what we do after ? Wells ? ( Wade nod ) do not work too fast . Business the way it be , Gordon 's probably look to lay I off earlier than usual this year . he 's get too much money as it be . why 's it always the little guy that get kick in the butt in hard time ? Wade shrug . lacoy 's conversation have catch he ear . he turn to watch . lacoy ... that be no pisser . I will tell you who be a pisser . Glen whitehouse . there be a real pisser . he be mean normal , but when he drank it be like he burst on fire . canadian Club . always drank CC . one Christmas there 's this cord of wood out back he forget about and he decide to have he two boy stack it . except it 's be out back two month and it 's snow and rain and froze so now the wood 's all iced in . he take the boy . he be drunk , of course . Wade 's face as the story come to life : CUT to : ext . whitehouse farm - day ( 1964 ) thirty year before . glen whitehouse ( " pop " ) , 42 , push he boy , Wade ( 13 ) and rolfe ( 10 ) , toward snow - cover lump of firewood behind the barn . he 's drunk . the boy carry shovel and a pickaxe . pop move it ! daylight in the swamp ! rolfe pop , the kid be wait for we . WADE ( reproving ) rolfe . pop a lesson in work and its reward . you will thank I for this one day . ( to house ) Sally , turn off that tv ! his son chip at the wood . hopeless . frozen solid . WADE ( to rolfe ) just do it . pop atta-go . rolfe please , pop . let 's go back . Wade notice he mother , sally , watch from the window . pop what be you , a quitter ? CUT to : int . toby's inn - day lacoy roar with laughter . long -haired local ( puzzle ) so what happen ? lacoy beat I . that 's all I hear . Wade would know more about it . ( call ) Wade ! we be just talk about you Old man . " what be you , a quitter ! " Wade grab he key , walk over . Jimmy follow . WADE Jesus , lacoy , you get nothing better to do than sit around and tell storey . pity be , some college student will come some day and believe this shit cause you be the only one dumb enough to talk to he . take care . Wade and Jimmy head out . CUT to : ext . backroad - day Wade , shiver in the open grader , plow a narrow wind road . he light a cigarette , exhales steamy smoke . lacoy 's laugh triggers a memory : CUT to : int . whitehouse farm - day ( 1964 ) the flashback continue : Glen whitehouse push he son inside . Sally step from sight . out back , the firewood lie freeze amid futile shovel mark . pop that be some job . rolfe we will work at it everyday , promise . pop I think we make the point . WADE ( mumble ) you just need a drink . pop , swigging canadian Club , turn : pop what be that ? ( no answer ) you get something to say , say it ! say it ! WADE ( soft ) nothing . pop you no - good pup ! rolfe run from the room scream , " Mom ! " CUT to : ext . wickham be - day the town 's 24 - hour restaurant . a bright new sign read : " Home make cook . " Wade 's grader out front . CUT to : int . wickham be - day Wade , eat lunch at the counter , talk with Nick wickham : WADE it do not look right . nick what ? WADE the sign . it look like it 's spell wrong or something . nick fuck. Wade whitehouse . it 's people like you that keep this fuck town from prosper . whatever somebody do to improve thing around here , you gotta find fault with it . WADE I be not find fault . it 's a good idea , good for you , good for the town . Real modern too . nick this town suck . WADE aw , c'mon , I be only say there 's something wrong with " Home make cook " , that 's all . the sign 's fine . what it say be wrong . margie fogg head over , sit : margie who need it ? everybody who come here have be come for year so what they need a sign for ? Nick go back to work . margie you okay ? WADE yeah . margie I be sorry about what I say . WADE Said what ? margie about you and Jill and need a third person . she go back to lillian ? WADE forget it . margie ( touch he arm ) I be sorry . WADE I be go to start one of that custody suit . I do not give a fuck shit . you know ? Wade 's eye well up . margie you do not mean that . WADE yeah . I mean that . margie ( arm around he shoulder ) no you do not . you be piss , that 's all . you ought to cool off for a few day then have a long talk with lillian . you know ? work it out with she , tell she how you feel . lillian 's not out to get you . WADE the hell she be not . lillian 's be try to nail I to a cross since the day I meet she . I be gonna hire I a fuck lawyer from concord and get this thing , this divorce thing , rearrange . I have be think about it a lot . it 's like she own Jill or something . nobody own nobody , especially not kid . and I pay she . nick ( call ) marg ! WADE that goddamn woman . thinks she can cart Jill off and leave I alone like this . I be more than piss , margie . I be a whole lot more than piss . I be that plenty and I know the difference . this be different . nick marg ! you get order ! Wade and margie stand . she want to kiss he . margie call I . WADE ( genuine ) tonight . let 's get together . margie okay . Wade meet Nick halfway to the door . nick you talk to Jack ? WADE not since last night . he take a guy hunt . nick the fucker shot himself . ker-bang ! that 's what it sound like . not on purpose . I assume accidental . WADE ( shocked ) Jack ? nick the other guy . WADE where ... how would you hear that ? nick cb . Little while ago . one of the boy on the way in pick up Jack on the cb call for state trooper . I figure you would know what really happen . the fuck guy kill himself ? this twombley , who the fuck be he , anyhow ? WADE no , I ... I have be out on the grader all morning . twombley 's summer people . Massachusetts . friend of gordon' . it be he idea for Jack to take he hunt . ( suddenly engage ) I gotta go . margie step over as Wade exit . nick he do not care for you . margie stop be jealous . CUT to : ext . lariviere CO . - day Elaine look up from she desk as Wade pull the grader into the lot , jump out , head for he car . laviviere stand outside . lariviere what 's the hurry ? WADE a hunt accident . Jack and twombley . lariviere huh ? WADE I figure you already hear . lariviere ( urgent ) twombley , Jesus . we get to get move : I get to get up there . how would I know ? c'mon , you drive . we will take my truck . they head for lariviere 's blue 4x4 dodge . CUT to : int . / ext . lariviere's pickup - day Gordon and Wade drive up the same road Jack take twombley . Wade fiddle with the cb . no use : static . lariviere fuck . turn it off . ( Wade do ) all you hear be there be some kinda accident ? WADE twombley 's shot . I hear that . not Jack . he 's okay , I assume . lariviere fuck . you do not know how bad or anything ? WADE you mean twombley ? lariviere yes , Wade , I mean twombley . put out that cigarette . fuck. fuck. fuck. lariviere grunt disapproval as Wade slip the butt out he window . WADE he more than likely just shot himself in the foot or something . that 's what usually happen . lariviere I shoulda send you instead of Jack . WADE I wish you have . I would rather be deer hunt instead of freezing my ass on that fuck grader . lariviere you be not the hunter Jack be . and he can not drive the grader worth shit . WADE like hell . ahead , they see flash light and car . a white emergency vehicle pass , jolting the pickup . lariviere ( frighten ) that must have be twombley . Jesus . I bet that be twombley . WADE you want I to follow they to littleton ? lariviere let 's get to the top and talk to Jack first . he will know what happen . he fuck better . if this coulda be avoid , I will put that kid 's ass in a sling . CUT to : ext . accident scene - day Wade pull behind three state trooper car . Jack stand joke with the troopers , one of whom hold a german shepherd on a leash . lariviere and Wade jump out . Jack , suddenly serious , turn to lariviere : jack you hear the news . lariviere I hear twombley get shot . jack yeah . Wade walk over to trooper asa brown , pet the shepherd . brown watch the dog , Wade . take a mind to , he will tear you fuck head off . lariviere ( to Jack ) bad ? brown thirty - thirty at close range . lariviere Jesus . WADE will he make it ? brown ( shake head ) d.o.a . blew the bastard wide open . have a hole in back you could put you head into . pretty big hole in front too . you could have put you fist into that one . lariviere ( to Jack ) you see it ? jack nope. Heard it . we be not far apart . I spot this buck , then I hear the gun go off and twombley be go . I look over the little cliff we be use for a stand and there the fucker be , deader and shit . call it right in . lariviere this be gonna be one fuck mess to clean up . twombley 's son- in - law and daughter be up the weekend . do not you say you would see he , Wade ? WADE I see them . near run I over . brown you wanna tell them , Gordon ? you know the old man . lariviere what the fuck . my day 's already ruin . ( to Wade ) give I the key . you can go back with Jack . you still get a shitload of plow to do . WADE it be not do , if that 's what you mean . lariviere something bugging you ? WADE yeah . a few thing . lariviere well , right now we be not too interested . finish up what you gotta do , then you can get bugge on you own time . Brown walk off with shepherd . lariviere ( to Jack ) might as well take the rest of the day off . you look sort of fuck up . you have be pay for the day , anyhow , right ? jack not exactly . I mean , he never pay I . lariviere you will get you money . do not talk to any newspaper about this . twombley 's a big deal down in Massachusetts , you know . tell they you lawyer say you should not comment . jack lawyer ? I do not need no lawyer , do I ? lariviere no , of course not . just say it , that 's all . Wade watch lariviere get into he pickup , drive off . WADE where would twombley get shot ? jack in the chest . WADE ( offer cigarette ) no , I mean whereabouts . jack ( point ) a half mile in , along the old lumber road . WADE you bring he up yourself ? that 's a steep climb . jack the ambulance guy lug he up . WADE you stay away ? jack yeah . WADE where would you get the blood ? jack what blood ? WADE on you sleeve . jack musta ... how would I know ? what be you do , play cop ? WADE I gotta make a report to Fish and game . I be just wonder , that 's all . what would he do , to shoot himself , I mean ? jack who the fuck know ? musta slip or something . I just hear the gun go off . WADE I never see a man shot before . not even in the service . must be something . jack well , I do not actually see he do it . like I say . WADE sure you do . jack what ? WADE saw he do it ? jack what the fuck you tell I , Wade ? I never see the guy get shot , I tell you that . WADE you musta see he get shot . I know you do . jack let 's get the fuck outta here . you be not make any sense , man . they walk over to Jack 's burgundy pickup . Wade eye the rifle in the gun rack . WADE there 's you old twenty - gauge , and that there 's the new brown you be show I last night . this must be twombley 's gun . brand new . very fancy tooling . probably fire one time . it 's a beautiful piece of work . ( touch it ) but what the hell , Jack , I guess you deserve it . right 's right . jack ( start engine ) yeah . WADE twombley sure as hell will not be shoot it again . jack he sure as hell will not . CUT to : int . wade's trailer - night late . Wade whitehouse , lie in bed with a icepack on he cheek , talk on the phone : WADE rolfe . rolfe ( o.s. ) Wade ? WADE yeah , brother , look , I be call cause -- have there be anything on tv in Boston about a hunt accident with a guy name twombley , Evan twombley ? rolfe ( o.s. ) there be something . it happen up you way . WADE yeah , I know he -- the kid that be with he . maybe you do too . Jack hewitt . he work for lariviere with I . he 's my best friend . rolfe ( o.s. ) Wade , it 's late . I know you be probably at Toby 's , but I be in bed read . we get different habit . WADE no , not tonight . I be in bed too . I be call because I need you to listen . you be suppose to be a smart guy . you be a professor . I get this theory . Jack say he do not see twombley shot but he do . CUT to : ext . accident scene - day Wade 's theory -- in black - and - white : twombley 's foot slip . Jack turn to watch . twombley 's gun hit freeze rock , fire , blow a hole through he chest . CUT to : int . wade's trailer - night WADE it will come out Jack lie and the kid will get hang for it . rolfe ( o.s. ) he be schedule to testify for a committee investigate organize crime in New England and the construction business . WADE who ? rolfe ( o.s. ) twombley . WADE no shit . rolfe ( o.s. ) you think Jack shot he ? WADE well , it be a accident . rolfe ( o.s. ) they be out deer hunt , right ? Jack probably hear the gun go off , then come back and find the body . CUT to : ext . accident scene - day another theory : Black -and-white . Jack see a figure run from twombley 's body . CUT to : int . wade's trailer - night Wade shift the phone from ear to ear : WADE lillian be here . in lawford . rolfe ( o.s. ) huh ? WADE the night before the shoot . rolfe ( o.s. ) how be she ? WADE picked up Jill . she be suppose to visit for the weekend for Halloween . she want to go home . rolfe ( o.s. ) who ? WADE Jill . I be think of get a lawyer . maybe you can help I . rolfe ( o.s. ) what happen ? WADE a divorce lawyer . a custody lawyer . you know , ' cause of Jill . CUT to : ext . wade's trailer - night timecut : mobile home . CUT to : int . wade's trailer - night rolfe ( o.s. ) do not think about it . you be exhaust . WADE yeah , I guess . rolfe ( o.s. ) get some sleep . WADE I get to feel like a whipped dog some day , rolfe , and some night I be go to bite back . I swear it . rolfe ( o.s. ) have not you already do a bit of that ? WADE no , no , I have not . not really . I have growle a little , but I have not bit . sound of gunshot . CUT to : ext . mountain - day Wade 's bubble - top fairlane drive through snow cover hill . CUT to : ext . mel gordon be house - day the fairlane be park outside a substantial summer house with a wide porch and freeze pond . the " speed " BMW in the drive . Wade knock on the front door . a 8 year - old boy answer the door . Wade speak ; the boy go back inside . mrs . gordon , 30 , delicate , beautiful , wear a dark green robe , come to the door . her eye be red-rimme . Wade have see she before , but not this close . he feel awkward . mrs . gordon who be you ? WADE I be ... I be Wade whitehouse . I be wonder , be you husband here ? mrs . gordon he 's asleep . we be up very late . WADE well , yes , I be ... I want to say that I be real sorry about you father , Mrs. twombley . mrs . gordon Mrs. Gordon . thank you . WADE well , yeah , I suppose . sure . I just have a little business to settle with Mr. Gordon . I be the local police officer . mrs . gordon something about my father ? WADE oh , no . no , it 's a ... it 's a traffic thing . no big deal . mrs . gordon can not it wait , then ? mel gordon , 40 , dark - eye , wear a tartan robe , step behind he wife . mel gordon whitehouse . next time , phone ahead . WADE how 's that ? mel fold he arm . his wife go inside . mel gordon I say , ' next time , phone ahead . ' WADE Jesus Christ . Mr. Gordon , when I come all the way to serve somebody a summon , I do not call ahead for a appointment . mel gordon what the hell be you talk about ? WADE I be issue you a ticket . move violation . mel gordon move violation ! I just get out of bed and you be tell I you be give I a goddamn speed ticket ? now ? be you nut ? be that it , whitehouse ? you be nut ? WADE ( write ) yesterday morning , you pass a stop school bus , which be flash its light , then you -- mel gordon ( stop Wade 's arm ) hold on ! WADE ( wrench hand free ) do not ever put you hand on I , Mr. Gordon . mel gordon you be talk about a goddamn ticket , from when I pass you at the school where you be decide to hold up traffic while dream of become a traffic cop or something ? WADE do not give I a hard time , Mr. Gordon . I be just -- mel gordon do you fuck job . I know . I watch television too . WADE yes . here 's you ticket . mel gordon ( refuse ticket ) you get the hell out of my house now , asshole . and know this -- you be go to be a lucky asshole if I have not get you fire before the day be out . I can do it with one phone call , and I be piss enough to do it now ! mel Gordon move Wade out of the door , slam it . Wade step away , look back at the house . Mrs. Gordon watch he from the window . CUT to : ext . margie fogg be house - night a wood frame house off the main drag . snow . CUT to : int . margie' bedroom - night Wade and margie , post - coital : margie Jack 's sort of sensitive , I guess . more than most . but he will be okay in a few week . WADE there 's something funny about that shoot . there 's lot funny about it , actually . margie I hear he be drunk at Toby 's last night and get in a fight with hettie . he drive off without she ... WADE I be sure , I be positive it do not happen the way Jack say it do . margie ... Jack 's turn into one of that man who be permanently angry . he use to be a sweet kid , but it 's like , when he find out he could not play ball anymore , he change . now he 's like everyone else . WADE I have be wonder if maybe Jack shot twombley , instead of twombley shoot himself . I have be wonder maybe Jack shot he on purpose . margie Wade ! how can you even think such a thing ? why would Jack hewitt do that , shoot twombley on purpose ? CUT to : ext . accident scene - day Black -and -white . a further theory : Jack bend over the fall twombley , hold a tarp to protect he chest from blood spray . he shoot twombley with he own gun . CUT to : int . margie' bedroom - night WADE money . margie Jack do not need money . WADE everybody need money . except guy like twombley and that sonofabitch son- in - law of he . people like that . margie Jack would not kill for it . besides , who would pay he ? WADE lot of people . guy like Evan twombley , Boston union official , probably get lot of people want to see he dead . the government 's be investigate he link with the mafia . margie ( laugh ) the mafia hire Jack hewitt ? WADE no , I just know Jack 's lie about what happen . he just seem -- I know that kid , what he 's like inside . he 's a lot like I be at he age . margie you would not have do anything like that , shot someone for money . WADE no . not for money . but , if somebody would give I half a damned excuse -- I be pretty fuck up , you know . margie ( smile ) but not now . Wade sit on the edge of the bed , sigh . lapse into think . margie caress he back , kiss it . he wince . margie when you gonna get that tooth fix ? Wade look at she , brushes the hair off she face : WADE I can see what you look like as a kid . margie you know I as a kid . WADE yeah , but never what you look like . not really . never really study you face , like now . I be never able to see you as a kid when you be a kid until now , this way . margie what way ? WADE after make love . I like it . it 's nice to see that in a grow - up person . margie it 's nice . Wade walk naked to the kitchen , return with two beer , one for marg . he get in bed . she , think , sip : margie do not you think , do you still think it 's a good idea to press this custody thing -- just now ? WADE I be she father -- suppose to be , but I be not able to . yes . yes , I be . it may be the only thing in my life I have be so clear about want . even if it take a big fight . margie then ... I guess you have to . WADE ( silence ) there 's another thing I have be think about . I do not know how you feel about the idea , margie , because we have never talk about it . but I have be think lately , I have be think we should get marry sometime . you and I . margie ( uncertain ) oh , Wade . WADE I have be think about it , that 's all . margie you have be marry twice -- WADE it be to the same woman . I be just a kid ... ( marg look ) it 's not like a marriage proposal or anything , just a think . something for you and I to talk about and think about . you know ? margie alright . I will think about it . WADE good . he kiss she . his jaw wince in pain . CUT to : int . whitehouse farm - daybreak ( 1964 ) the flashback continue : Glen whitehouse , plaster , yell at Wade , age 13 : pop I have get son , goddamnit , oh my God , have I get son ! Wade ? rolfe ? elbourne ? you love I boy ? do you love you pop ? of course you do ! Wade , frighten , retreat as Sally enter in she housecoat . sally Glen , stop -- pop oh , Jesus , Sally , you be such a goddamn good person ! Capital G . you be so much better than I be , I who be no good at all , you who be a truly good person , like a fuck saint ! Beyond fuck com-pare . Glen reach for the canadian Club ; Sally try to block he hand . Glen pull he arm from hers , clipping she cheek with the bottle . Sally gasp , grab she cheek . Wade push between they , protect he mother . pop my big boy burst out of the seam of he jeans ! pop clenches he fist . Wade vainly look rolfe 's direction for help . sally do not ! pop you little prick ! pop 's fist come crash down . Wade raise he arm to protect himself . Wade 's arm bone crack with the blow . Wade grimace in pain . sally Glen , stop ! CUT to : ext . margie fogg be house - day margie get into Wade 's idling Ford . CUT to : int . / ext . WADE be car - day Wade , wash and change , drive ; marg sit beside he . they head north . Deer rifle echo from the wood . margie do you tell they ? ( no answer ) that we be come ? WADE do not you think it 's proper for a fella to introduce he girl to he parent ? margie I know you parent . WADE I just want to pick up my divorce papers . for the lawyer . it will not take long . CUT to : ext . whitehouse farm - day Sun slant over parker Mountain ; they pull up . the house , once white , be peel . polyurethane flap over dark window . the 1960 red Ford pickup sit long freeze in the open barn . margie ( get out ) be you sure they be home ? do you call ? WADE the truck 's here . look like they have stay inside since the snow start . they stamp they foot on the porch ; Wade turn the knob . lock . it seem abandon . WADE strange . margie think they be alright ? WADE of course ! I would have hear . margie how ? WADE I do not know for Christ 's sake ! they round the house , try the back door . Wade knock loudly . glen whitehouse , 70 , open the door , stand inside . he wear long underwear , stain woolen trousers , slipper . CUT to : int . whitehouse farm - day WADE pop , pop , you okay ? Glen shuffles toward the stove ; they follow . he start a fire . WADE Jesus , pop , how can you stand the cold , dress like that ? where 's ma ? pop sleep . WADE you remember margie fogg ? pop from wickham 's . be a while . like some coffee ? WADE how you and ma do ? have not see you in town for a while . pop we be alright . you ma 's sleep . you want I to get she ? WADE yeah . pop go to the bedroom . WADE ( to marg ) Jesus . nothing 's change around here . pop return . WADE where 's ma? pop she 's come . margie have you be heating the house ? not just with the stove . pop there 's a furnace . margie you be not use it today ? pop it 's break I guess . there 's a electric in the bedroom . margie maybe Wade should take a look at it . you pipe will freeze . ( pop nod ) Wade , would you do that ? Wade , concerned , push open the bedroom door : WADE ma? it 's Wade . can I come in ? he step inside . on the bed , Sally whitehouse , wrap in blanket , lie dead . he walk over , beside the small electric heater , touch she forehead . her skin be chalk white . WADE oh , Lord . margie step into the doorway . pop join : pop coffee 's perk . margie when do she die ? pop be ...? she 's dead then ? WADE yeah . pop I check on she . she have the electric heater . cold do not bother she as much as I . which be why I give she the heater . WADE ( kneel over mother ) be there something wrong with the phone ? pop in the live room . WADE why do not you call and have the furnace fix ? pop Wade . I think she be alright . till this morning she be . pop go to the dresser , pour himself canadian Club . Wade open he mother 's mouth , attempt respiration . pop it make I sad . margie can --? pop ( sit ) make I sad it be she . instead of I . I shoulda froze . CUT to : ext . rolfe's car - day rolfe whitehouse , 38 , drive he four-door Toyota west : through Massachusetts , toward New Hampshire . his face bespeak tolerance , objectivity -- in short , education . it 's also Wade 's face . rolfe ( v.o. ) Wade call I , as usual , late at night . I know it be Wade -- no one else call I at that hour -- and I be ready to listen to another chapter in one of he ongoing sagas . there be the detective story concern the shoot of Evan twombley and the family melodrama about Wade 's custody fight with lillian . but not this time . CUT to : ext . whitehouse farm - day rolfe 's Toyota sit with other car . rolfe ( v.o. ) Wade be tell a different story , or so it seem then , one in which I myself be a character . he have call to tell I that sometime the previous night we mother have die , and he have discover the body when he would go over to visit she and we father with margie fogg . pop be okay , but kind of out of it . worse than usual , maybe , though no drunker than usual . CUT to : int . live room - day Friends and relative gather in the live room : Wade , rolfe , Glen , lariviere , margie , a aging couple , reverend doughty , 30 , thin , wear glass and a avocado- green suit . WADE ( finish a beer ) should not we get this show on the road , now that rolfe 's here ? no one move . lariviere check he watch . Wade shrug : WADE pointless to stand around in church with nothing to do , I guess . rolfe what about Jill ? be lillian bring she ? margie 's face tell rolfe he 's touch on a sensitive subject . margie they will be at the church and the cemetery . Wade open the frig , take out another beer : WADE anyone else want one ? rolfe ? rolfe no thanks . I do not drink . WADE yeah . I forget . lariviere how you hold up , Wade ? WADE I be fine , fine . lariviere you rolfe ? ( rolfe nod ) I remember you from high school . you be a teacher now ? Harvard ? rolfe b.u. lariviere I have not see you around . I do not suppose there 's much reason for you to come this way . Rev. doughty call for Glen whitehouse , who have be sit , silent , drink , to join the other : rev . doughty come , Glen , join we . let 's kneel for a moment of prayer before the service . Wade ? rolfe ? rolfe well ... Wade , expressionless , look at rolfe . rolfe , embarrassed , try to do the right thing , help he father kneel beside Rev. doughty . the other join the circle . WADE this be nut . margie ( reproving ) Wade . rev . doughty dear heavenly Father , Lord of host , we come to thee to beseech thy blessing and commend to you the soul of we beloved wife and mother , Sally whitehouse , to be one with you and walk with you -- pop mutter something . Wade , rolfe and marg exchange glance . he mutter louder : pop ... goddamn hair on she head . he rise over lariviere , turn , exclaim : pop not a one of you be worth a goddamn hair on that good woman 's head ! doughty freeze . WADE pop ! do not do this now , pop . pop knock back a drink as the other stand . lariviere maybe I will head on over to the church . rev . doughty this be a difficult time . Gordon and the couple file out . doughty , Glen , rolfe , Wade and margie remain . WADE listen , it 's no big deal , pop . pop ( raise fist ) come on , smart guy . tell how it 's no big deal . tell I how a single one of you be worth a single hair on that woman 's head . rev . doughty give up this demon . pop go fuck yourself ! Wade , eye blaze , square off . Son to father . rolfe Wade , just leave it . pop ( mock ) listen to you little brother . ' Wade , just leave it . ' candy -ass . all of you . that 's what I have get for child . candyass . ' Wade , just leave it . ' praise the Lord ! ' just leave it ! ' Wade stiffen . pop cock he fist . marg , scream , jump between they as pop swing . the old man bounce blow off margie 's arm and shoulder . Wade push marg aside , grab he father in a bear hug and walk he backwards , flat against the wall . Wade release he . pop , frail , collapse to the floor . Wade kneel over he : WADE if you ever touch she again , I will kill you . I swear it . CUT to : ext . cemetery - day townspeople and friend cluster around the gravesite : pop , lariviere , Jack and hettie , lacoy , chub merritt , Nick , Jimmy , lillian , Jill and horner , rolfe , Wade and margie . rolfe ( v.o. ) the day of the funeral be almost springlike . the snowline cross New Hampshire west to east , retreate northward to concord where it melt by midmorn . Rev. doughty finish . the mourner exchange farewell . Wade look at lillian . margie and rolfe , escort Wade 's father , let he be . he walk over , hug Jill . jill dad . WADE ( to lillian ) I be glad you be here . can you stay for a while ? lillian hesitates , shake she head ' no . ' WADE you ever come to you father 's grave anymore ? lillian no , not anymore . it 's too ... it 's too far . WADE we should talk . lillian we have do all we talk , Wade . WADE it 's just ... lillian let the past be . ( beat ) I be sorry about you mother . I like she . you never know how much woman like that suffer . it 's like they live they life with the sound turn off -- and then they be go . jill ( tug at lillian ) Mom . lillian she have a ice-skate lesson at four . jill I be take ice-skate , daddy ! he kiss Jill , say goodby , walk back to rolfe and margie . ahead , lariviere walk with Jack . CUT to : ext . whitehouse farm - day Wade and rolfe leave margie and pop in the kitchen as they step out back . WADE let 's dig out pop 's truck before the skin of the snow freeze up . they grab snow shovel propped against the porch , walk to the barn . firewood 's stack alongside . CUT to : int . barn - day shaft of light filter through the ramshackle structure . a snow drift nearly bury Glen 's red truck . Wade and rolfe break away the pack snow . rolfe what about margie ? WADE what about she ? rolfe well , do you still plan to get marry ? WADE yeah . she will probably quit she job and stay out here with pop . we can not leave he alone here , he will set the damn place on fire . with Jill here a lot , it will be good to have margie around . thing be go to change in that department , by the way . I get a custody lawyer in concord . I be gonna see he tomorrow . all hell 's gonna break loose , but it 's worth it . they finish clear the snow . Wade get in the truck , start the engine . rolfe wait for Wade . WADE I want to let the gas run out . I do not want the bastard drive drunk , and he 's always drunk now . after , we will hide the key . rolfe anything new about the shoot ? twombley ? WADE ( reluctant ) I guess it be a accident , like everybody think . rolfe want to know what I think happen ? Wade open the glove compartment , find a bottle of canadian Club . he unscrew the cap . WADE find they everywhere . ( swig ) rolfe I think you first response to the twombley shoot be the correct one . WADE which be ? rolfe that it be not a accident . WADE then who shot he ? rolfe well , you friend , I think . Jack hewitt . WADE motive . you gotta have a motive . rolfe money . WADE who would pay he that kind of money ? not the mob . they get they own guy . specialist . rolfe ( agree ) they would not deal with a guy like Jack . who else benefit if twombley be suddenly dead ? WADE ( swig ) I do not know . you tell I . rolfe okay . it 's likely there be people in the union who do not want twombley to testify . they probably include he son-in - law who 's vice - president and will probably be the next president . I read that in the papers . what 's he name , mel Gordon ? WADE yeah , the guy with the BMW I tell you about . I do , do not I ? rolfe here 's my theory . twombley , unaware of illegal union loan or whatever , start nose around cause of the investigation and find out . find out he son- in - law be involved . WADE so mel Gordon would not want a professional hit . that would make the fed dig deeper . he want a accident . rolfe a hunt accident be perfect . WADE shit , around here , you shoot somebody in the wood , you say it be a accident , you get fine fifty buck and you hunt license lift . Jack 's probably say the guy shot himself cause he be not get he deer yet and do not want he license pull . the truck sputter , stop . Wade pull the key . WADE it 's too neat . thing be not that neat . it make I mad . that somebody can pay to kill somebody , he own father - in - law , and not be punish for it . do not that piss you off ? rolfe not particularly . WADE right 's right , goddamnit ! do not you care what 's right ? rolfe I care about what happen . the truth . I be a student of history , remember ? the sun be down . Wade tuck the key in a knotted board . rolfe I be think about that story you tell I , about pop and chopping the firewood out of the ice and after . WADE yeah . rolfe I hate to disappoint you , but I do not think it happen . WADE of course it happen . why would I lie about it ? rolfe it may have happen , but not the way you say . WADE you think I would not remember a thing like that ? rolfe it be not I . I be not there , but I hear about it . when I hear about it , it be about elbourne . WADE we would have to go digging in Vietnam to ask he . rolfe and elbourne and Mom take you to the doctor and tell he you fall from the hay loft . WADE ( laugh ) well , I never hear that one . rolfe I remember clearly cause when I hear I become real careful around pop . I be a careful child and I become a careful adult , but at least I be not afflict by that man 's violence . WADE ( laugh again ) that 's what you think . rolfe look out : the cobalt sky have turn black . rolfe I gotta head back . it 's a long drive . they walk toward the house . CUT to : ext . lariviere CO . garage - day Wade walk in as Jack and Jimmy prepare to head out , they drilling rig load with pipe . Gordon yell at Jack : lariviere put out that fuck cigarette ! Jack open the truck ashtray . lariviere not there , asshole . flush it ! hewitt trudge to the john . WADE Morning , Gordon . lariviere smile , go to he office as Wade hang he coat in he locker . Jack cruise over . jack I be fuck out of here . WADE lawford ? jack out of this fuck job . this job suck . work outside in the winter suck . Jack get in the cab of the drilling truck . Wade follow . jack open the door , will ya ? WADE why do not you quit now , you want out so bad ? jack open the door . we be late . WADE I mean it -- you get enough money now . head out for California . surf 's up , Jack , and you be digging well in the snow . jack what do you mean I get money ? I be as break as you . Wade grin , go to activate the door . WADE looney tune , Jack . Fucking looney tune ! the drilling truck pull out the garage , onto the road . from the opposite direction a black BMW slow , enter . mel Gordon . Wade , all eye and ear , watch . mel Gordon park in front of the office , get out . Elaine call : elaine ( o.s. ) Mr. Gordon ! mel gordon the boss in ? elaine ( o.s. ) yes indeedy ! Wade flip the door switch . mel Gordon and lariviere talk . yeah . CUT to : ext . concord - day the South Main Street office of J. Battle Hand , lawyer . concord be a real town , with traffic , store , people with place to go . CUT to : int . lawyer' office - day J. battle hand , 60 , sit in a wheel chair behind he desk . Wade , uncomfortable in work clothes , try not to show it . WADE I screw up the divorce . I agree with everything she say . I want she to like I . I just want to be a good father . hand it would help if you be marry , if there be someone at home while you work . WADE I plan to . soon. hand how soon ? WADE this spring . hand good . it would help if there be some drug or alcohol abuse on the part of you ex-wife . sexual problem upsetting to the child . WADE it look pretty hopeless , do not it ? hand no , not exactly . I will look at the divorce decree , see if we can get it redrawn . interview you daughter . Jill , right ? WADE yes . hand Fine . I will need a $ 500 retainer . you can mail it . WADE Jesus . how much ... how much will the whole thing cost ? hand hard to say . if we go for custody , deposition , psychiatric evaluation , it could drag on . ten or twelve thousand dollar . she could win on appeal . if we just want to get the visitation rights redrawn , assume they be unduly restrictive , it would not be more than twenty - five hundred . WADE oh . hand ( sense situation ) you might be better off legally as well as financially to just go for the -- WADE yeah . I know . the custody suit thing be just my get back at she . I be not as dumb as I look . whatever you say . I love my daughter . ( Hand nod ) I will send you the five hundred . Wade stand ; Hand motor to the door . Wade put he finger in he mouth . his tooth throbs . CUT to : ext . lariviere CO . - day fairlane squad car in its customary spot . CUT to : int . lariviere's office - day Wade and Gordon speak . lariviere be relaxed , open : a " new Gordon . " WADE sorry about the long lunch . my clutch be go out again . lariviere you ever think of get a new car , Wade ? WADE on what you pay I ? lariviere Elaine ! call chub meritt and have he pick up Wade 's car , fix the clutch . elaine ( o.s. ) what ! lariviere ( to Wade ) use the pickup . I will bill it to the town . you be the town police officer and the town police officer should have a decent car . you want a new car or not ? WADE what do I have to do for it ? lariviere nothing , Wade , I have be think . you do not get enough appreciation around here and it 's time we change thing a little . WADE I see mel Gordon in here this morning . lariviere so ? WADE he say anything about the summon I try to give he ? sonofabitch would not accept it . lariviere Wade , that be not smart . go out right after the man 's father - in - law shot himself . let it go . call it a favor to I . WADE you ? why ? lariviere mel 's do some business with I . it 's nice to do favor for people you do business with . he be in a hurry . no big deal . WADE that be before twombley be shot . before he know . lariviere what 's the difference ? take my truck , take a rest -- stop worry about mel Gordon . have you decide what to do with you old man 's place -- he go to stay there ? WADE ( take out cigarette ) want to buy ? lariviere do not light that in here . I be allergic . WADE I will not . you interested ? lariviere maybe . WADE you and mel Gordon ? lariviere could be . WADE ( voice rise ) always count on old Wade for a good screwing . why should I always pay more , sell cheap ? why should you guy make all the money . you and mel and Jack . right 's right . Wade pull out bic , light cigarette . lariviere ( wave arm ) out ! out ! Wade smile , exit . CUT to : ext . rt. 29 - night Wade , drive Gordon 's 4x4 with run light and roll bar , take 29 toward pop 's farm . a pickup pass he : Jack hewitt 's burgundy Ford . Wade stop . Jack turn up parker Mountain -- the road to the accident scene . something 's up . Wade turn and follow . Jack 's fresh track lead the way . hewitt be drive fast . Wade keep up . Jack , far ahead , approach the accident scene . stop . night have fall . Wade come over a low rise , spot Jack 's pickup . he kill the light , park to block Jack 's exit . silence . footstep in the snow . Wade watch , listen . what 's he do ? look for evidence ? the burgundy pickup engine suddenly roar -- Jack 's back and at the wheel -- the tire squeal , spit snow as he spin past Wade . Wade start he engine , give pursuit . the pickup gun they engine , bumper to bumper , down mountain road , lumber road , rocky trail . Wild headlamps they only guide . CUT to : ext . pond - night a trail turn sharply past a shallow beaver pond -- too sharply for Jack . he crash through a stand of skinny birch straight out onto the pond . the pickup 's momentum carry it across the pond . Wade drop into first gear , follow , he headlight reflect ice . he drive directly to Jack , bumper to bumper , headlight to headlight . Jack stick he head out : jack you crazy sonofabitch ! you will sink we both ! get off the fuck ice ! get off ! Wade do not budge . Jack back away ; Wade inch forward . hewitt 's trap . tree behind he . neither truck have traction on ice . Jack step out , swinging he fist wildly . Wade get out . jack grab he rifle , point it : jack I will shoot you , Wade , I swear it ! I will fuck shoot you dead if you do not move away from that truck ! Wade back off . jack do not move ! I will shoot you dead if you move ! Jack get back in he pickup , maneuver it slowly around the dodge , cross the ice and be go . Wade stand in darkness . the only sound he idling truck , the wind . then a third sound -- the snap of ice . Ice crack ripple from the middle of the pond . Ice plane tip around the truck . lariviere 's snazzy dodge slip , descend , disappear . headlights glow under water , then go out . " we Business be go in the hole . " Wade , alone in darkness , plop into the water , paddle to shore . freeze , he find Jack 's tire track in the snow . he bang he jaw . CUT to : ext . wickham be - night a car drop Wade off . " Home make cook . " CUT to : int . wickham be - night Wade enter the empty diner . his clothes freeze . nick you father 's in back , Wade . marg have to babysit he . she move in with you , huh ? ( look closer ) what happen ? Wade go to the kitchen . Glen whitehouse , wash dish with margie , look up : pop ah , the prodigal son . nick about fuck time . pop look , get I a new job , second cook and bottle washer ! margie what happen ? WADE Jesus Christ , pop , let 's go home . I get waylaid . sorry . pop the fuck you get waylaid . you follow you prick around like it be you nose . nick ( enter ) can it , whitehouse . ( to Wade ) get he out of here . it be funny at first , but I be tired . margie there 's clothes in the back . Wade 's old man talk as he dress : pop let 's go home ? what home be that ? you home ? my home ? let 's have a talk about that . you be fuck sly , Wade . you mother 's dead so she can not make any excuse for you anymore ! you gotta deal with I ! no more sugar tit , asshole . Wade , redress , enter : WADE pop , for Christ 's sake ! pop you think you can take I now ? come on , try . margie and Nick guide pere et fil to marge car . Nick speak to she : nick marg , get out of this . fast . margie I can not . marg drive off . CUT to : int . margie' car - night Wade lean close to he father , he breath on he : WADE I wish you would die . pop spit directly into Wade 's face , raise he arm . Wade catch it , twist it . margie shriek : margie stop it ! stop it ! just stop it ! they do , glaring as they approach the farmhouse . CUT to : int . bathroom - night Wade look in the bedroom , see margie sleep , go to the bathroom . he peer , stand before the sink , wash he hand slowly . drying he hand , he look into the mirror , startle by the image of he own face . a phone conversation play over : WADE ( o.s. ) no shit , rolfe , I glance up and there he be , only it be I . but it be like I have never see myself before . it be a stranger 's face . hard to explain . you fly on automatic pilot , like I be do all night , and you disappear . CUT to : int . live room - night Wade sit alone in the darken room , speak on the phone . his cigarette glow . WADE then you accidentally see you body , or you face , or whatever , and you do not know who the hell it belong to . strange . it 's the business with the old man , I know , and how incredibly piss I be at he , and also chase Jack hewitt like that , and the goddamn truck go through the ice , not to mention margie 's be so upset -- one thing on top of another . rolfe ( o.s. ) Wade , be you alright ? WADE but you gotta hear this . you will not believe it . mel Gordon have come by to visit lariviere and so now I be in he office . CUT to : int . lariviere's office - day Wade 's theory expand : Jack and Gordon argue in the office . a extension of scene 55 . like Wade 's other theory , in black - and - white : lariviere he 's on to we ! jack shit ! what be we gonna do ? lariviere maybe I can buy he off . I gotta talk to mel . jack you can not buy Wade off . lariviere we buy you . jack that be I . CUT to : ext . alma pittman' house - day Wade drive margie 's car toward lariviere 's . in he rear view window he spot chick Ward drive chub merritt 's tow truck , light blink , pull lariviere 's pickup like a dead fish . he pull over , let it pass . he 's park in front of alma pittman 's house . a sign on the lawn read , " alma pittman , town clerk . " he look at the house , decide to go in . Wade walk up the shovele step , knock on the door . alma , 60 , wear plaid shirt and slack , greet he with a smile : alma Wade ! come in ! have a cup of coffee . CUT to : int . alma pittman' house - day they step into alma 's live room / office . she 's be keep the town secret for as long as anyone can remember . WADE you get yourself a computer , alma . alma be put my file into it . you take sugar and milk ? WADE no. Black . they sit by she desk at the bay window . she study he . alma be you alright , Wade ? WADE yeah , sure . why ? I get this damned tooth , I get a few thing bugging I , like everybody else . but I be okay . alma well , you look ... sad . upset . I do not mean to pry . I be sorry about you mother . it be a nice funeral . WADE alma , I think there 's some dirty business go on in this town . alma always have be . WADE this be maybe worse than you and I be use to . ( beat ) what I be talk about , I be talk about murder . among other thing . alma who ? WADE Evan twombley , the union boss who get shot . somebody murder he . alma who ? WADE you know Jack hewitt , the kid I work with ? CUT to : ext . merritt' station - day Gordon lariviere examine he damage pickup outside the Shell station . CUT to : int . alma pittman' house - day Wade finish : WADE ... if Jack tell the truth , he could be free by the time he 's my age . alma sometimes thing be simpler than you think . let I ask you a question . WADE you do not believe I ? alma ( cross to she desk ) about Jack ? no . have you check out the tax bill on you father 's farm lately ? WADE I know he 's due for the last two year . I be think of pay it when the insurance come in . alma have anybody offer to buy it ? WADE as a mater of fact , yes . lariviere . alma punch she computer . dozen of item flash up . alma this be all the real estate transaction in this town the last year . most of it unused land . most of it for little more than the back tax owed . she punch again : only three item . alma this be from three year ago . some difference , huh ? WADE ( look ) what be the northcountry development Association ? alma I go down to concord to check it out . the president be mel Gordon . the vice - president and treasurer be Gordon lariviere . that boy be buy up the mountain , Wade . $ 364,000 this year . I believe that 's out of lariviere 's league . WADE twombley involved ? alma no . WADE he musta find out . they have to get rid of he . and Jack will get blame . alma all the figure show be that Gordon lariviere be go to be a very rich man use he position as selectman . in a year or two , you will not recognize this town . CUT to : int . lariviere's office - day Wade storm in , shouting . Jack and Jimmy choose donut by the file cabinet . lariviere 's behind he desk . Wade 's tooth make it hard for he to talk without pain : WADE you sneaky sonofabitch ! I have get you number now , Gordon ! all this year I actually think you be a decent man . ( pound fist on desk ) can you believe that ? Jack , combative , look at Wade . Gordon stand before Jack can speak : lariviere Wade , you be do . ( extend hand ) let I have the shop key . WADE ( to Jack and Jimmy ) you two , do not you get it ? he 's use you . you be he slave . ( soft ) Jesus Christ , Jack , do not you see that ? lariviere the key , Wade . WADE yeah , you can have the key . it 's the key that 's keep I lock to you all this year . I give it to you with pleasure . ( pass key ) now I be free . see how easy it be , Jack ? all you get to do be give back what the man give you , and you be free of he . ( turn to leave ) I have get to call my brother . Wade 's phone conversation play over as he go to margie 's car . WADE ( o.s. ) I know what it mean . I be just run out of way to use it . rolfe ( o.s. ) for what ? CUT to : ext . route 29 / merritt' - day phone conversation continue as Wade drive to merritt 's Shell station . WADE ( o.s. ) to help , Jack , of course -- and to nail that sonsofbitch , the two gordon . that 's what alma call they . Jesus , rolfe , whose side be you on ? rolfe ( o.s. ) take care of the little thing first , the thing that be distracting you from take care of the big thing . call chub merritt , get you car back , call a dentist , for God 's sake , and get you tooth pull , do not trust the local , get you fact straight and go straight to the state police . let they work on this . chick ward , 30 , chub merritt 's mechanic , greet Wade outside the station . we join they conversation : chick the good news be we have not get to you car yet . the bad news -- WADE just tell I when you will have it fix . chick -- the bad news be there 's a problem with Gordon 's truck what somebody drive through the ice last night . figure you would know something about that , Wade . WADE ( beat ) yeah . I know about that . chick lariviere say he be not gonna pay for the fixin ' of you car . a couple hundred for the clutch . I get some more bad news . wanna hear it ? WADE tell I . chick chub say you be fire . WADE he can not fire I . lariviere already do that this morning . chick he 's a selectman . the town . he say to tell you to turn you badge in and clean out you office . I be suppose to pull the cb and police light out of you car . they be town property . CUT to : int . whitehouse farm - day Wade , open phone book in hand , walk back and forth speak into the receiver . margie look up from the kitchen table , a old newspaper in front of she . WADE what do you mean , you can not take I today ? I tell you -- the other party have hang up . margie stand , upset . Wade slam the phone down . margie what on earth be happen to you ? why be you act this way ? WADE it 's my tooth ! my fuck tooth ! I can not even think anymore because of it . margie I hear you talk . you get fire this morning , do not you ? WADE look , that 's temporary , believe I . there 's so much shit gonna hit the fan the next few day , my get fire by lariviere and merritt will not matter a bit . pop enter from outside with firewood , pass . WADE I will get another job . people be go to need I . after this be over , they will make I into a goddamn hero . you wait : you will see , I will deliver . I will be the best father who ever live . you need I , even pop , for Christ 's sake , he need I . this town need I . maybe now they think they can send I howling into a corner like a kick dog , but my God , it will be different soon . margie 's face fall . she retreat from the room as he speak , take she coat and pocketbook . Wade and he old man , she think : just the same . Wade look out the window and she get in she car , drive off . Wade hold he inflame jaw ; he can hardly see straight . pop turn on the tv in the live room , boost the volume . pop come back in the room , get the canadian Club , pour himself a drink . WADE leave the bottle out ! pop growl , go back to wrestle on the tv . Wade walk to the cabinet , remove a pair of plier from the tool drawer , go toward the bathroom . in the bathroom , Wade open he mouth -- it hurt -- take a bite of whisky , set the bottle on the toilet tank . he look at the stranger in the mirror , reach inside he mouth with the plier . prying he mouth open , Wade whitehouse lock the plier onto a large molar in the back , squeeze and pull . he steady himself , pull again , yanking the plier from he mouth . the bloody rotted tooth clatter in the sink . he take another bite of whisky . rolfe 's voice play over : rolfe ( v.o. ) you will say I should have know terrible thing be about to happen , and perhaps I should have . but even so , what could I have do by then ? Wade never go inside . he live almost wholly out there on he skin , with no interior space to retreat to , even in a crisis . Wade take another swig , set the whisky bottle in the live room beside the tv set . Wade and pop exchange look . Wade exit through the kitchen , snatching he coat . CUT to : ext . barn - day Wade spit blood into the snow as he grab a gallon can of gasoline from under the porch . he cross to the barn , prepare to pour the gas into the beat - up red truck . CUT to : ext . concord - day Wade 's Ford pickup pass J. Battle Hand 's office , keep go . grass peek through the snow at this lower altitude . CUT to : ext . lillian be house - day Wade park the truck , walk past leafless bush to a charcoal - gray split- level with pink shutter . he push the door bell ; the first note of " frere Jacques " play . lillian open the door ; Jill 's footstep approach . lillian wait there . she will be right out . ( look back ) be there snow on the ground up in lawford ? WADE yeah , lot . lillian ( to Jill ) see . get you boot . WADE hi honey . jill ( go back inside ) hi. lillian have she back tomorrow night by six . WADE no problem . look , I ... lillian you make I sick . I can not believe you have sink so low . WADE low as what ? what have I do ? it 's bad to want to see you own daughter ? lillian you know what I be talk about . for what you be do to I and to the child you say you love so much . Love . you will not get away with it . Jill return , wear parka and boot , head out with she father . lillian bye , honey ! call I tonight if you want . Wade and Jill approach the truck . jill be we go in this ? WADE yeah . my car 's in the shop . this will be fine . jill it 's pretty old . WADE it belong to pop . jill pop ? WADE grandpa . my father . it 's he . jill oh . Wade open the truck door . Jill climb in with she overnight bag , look back to the door where lillian watch . CUT to : int . / ext . wade's truck - day the Ford head north . WADE ( winking ) how about a Big Mac ? jill mommy will not let I eat fast food . you know that . it 's bad for you . WADE c'mon , we can always sneak a Big Mac . and a cherry turnover . you favorite . what do you say ? jill no . WADE what do you want , then ? jill nothing . WADE you can not have nothing , Jill . we need lunch . Mr. pizza ? jill same thing , daddy . mommy say -- WADE I know what mommy say . I be in charge today , though . jill okay . so we will get what you want . what do you want ? they stop for a light . silence . WADE nothing , I guess . I guess I can wait till we get home . maybe we will stop by wickham 's for a hamburger when we get to lawford . that suit you ? you always like wickham 's . jill ( look ahead ) okay . WADE Fine . pause . Wade look over at Jill and realize she be cry . WADE oh , Jesus , Jill , I be sorry . what 's the matter , honey ? she shove she clench fist hard against she leg . WADE please do not cry . please , honey . jill ( regains composure ) what be you sorry for ? WADE I do not know . for the food business . I guess . I just think , you know , we would sneak a Big Mac on mommy , like we use to . jill I want to go home . WADE ( quick ) you can not . Jill look away . Wade pull a six - pack from under the seat , pull off a beer , take a swig . jill ( quiet ) that 's illegal , you know . WADE I know . jill you be a policeman . WADE nope . not anymore . I be nothing anymore . jill oh . CUT to : int . wickham be - day Wade and Jill enter wickham 's , crowded with out - of-state hunter at the end of the deer season . WADE jillie , you want a cheese grill sandwich ? nick it 's call a grill cheese sandwich , you dub . Wade , flaring , reach across the counter and grab Nick by the shirtfront ! Nick 's arm knock over a cup of coffee . the diner go silent . hunters look up . Jill 's face be white ; she start to cry . Wade look over -- it take he a moment to react -- bend down , comforting she . he wipe she nose with a napkin . WADE Jill , please , it 's alright . nothing happen . jill I want to go home . WADE ( rigid ) okay , let 's go home , then . they head for the door . Nick ease over : nick ( delicate ) Wade , I get a message for you . ( Wade turn ) Jack hewitt , he 's look for you . want you to clear you stuff out of he office in town Hall . WADE his office . you mean my old office . nick well , I guess -- that 's what he say . WADE he get he deer yet ? nick no , he 's out now . somewhere on the mountain . I would stay away from he if I be you . he 's real piss . Wade take Jill 's hand , exit . CUT to : ext . town hall - day Jill wait in the old red truck park outside . Wade emerge with cardboard box of office miscellany , rifle laid across top . he shove the box and gun into the back of the pickup , get in and drive off . CUT to : ext . whitehouse farm - day Wade and Jill pull up the drive , past margie 's car , into the barn . her trunk and two side door be open . margie come out back with a batter suitcase , go to she car . she 's leave . a plastic bag of clothes sit in the trunk . Wade and Jill get out , approach : WADE go somewhere , margie ? margie I be just clean out some of this stuff that 's build up . for the rummage sale . and some thing for the cleaner . and the laundromat . WADE do not lie to I . you be leave I , I can see that . margie do not be silly . hi , Jill . Jill , suitcase in hand , look pathetic , try to smile . a sadness pass over Wade 's face . WADE ( hurt ) marg . margie , watch he , quiver , start to cry . she drop she suitcase , out of nowhere bawling like a baby . Wade go over , put he arm around she , pat she back . his face be rack . he , too , seem about to cry -- if he could . in he arm margie feel trap , overwhelm by Wade 's circumstance and terrible sadness . she push : margie ( cry ) leave I alone ! leave I alone ! she struggle in Wade 's grasp . Jill , frighten , wildly hit he from behind : jill leave she alone ! leave she alone ! Wade move back like a bear , cover he face and arm . Jill , near hysterical , keep after he , arm and fist fly . Wade stumble backwards into the snow . Jill still swing . margie dash to intervene as Wade swing he arm wide . Jill fly into marg . her nose be bleed . Wade 's catch she across the mouth and nose . she take cover behind margie , cry . margie and Jill stand side by side , say nothing . Wade look up stunne , as if hit by a rock . marg slowly back away , she arm behind she hold Jill . margie ( to Jill ) get in . marg ease Jill into the front seat , close the door , edge around the car slamm the trunk and get into the driver 's seat . Wade stand . jill I want to go home . will you take I home ? margie yes . she close the front door , start the car . she back out the drive . in she rear view mirror she see the image of Wade recede , stand freeze , stare down at the snow . pop emerge from the house , look at he son , grin . Wade look at he old man , that dumb devilish grin plaster on he father 's face . Glen whitehouse hold a empty whiskey bottle like a pistol . hunters ' gunshot echo in the distance . pop ( satanic delight ) you ! by Christ , you -- I know you . ( point bottle ) yeah , you goddamn sonofabitch , I know you . you be a goddamn fuck piece of my heart ! WADE ( dead ) you do not know I . you do not know I ! ( beat ) so fuck you . fuck you . pop Nah -nah - naw ! you do do finally do it ! like a man do it . done it right . I love you , you mean sonofabitch ! pop hold up the bottle , pretend to fire it at Wade . WADE Love ! what the fuck do you know about love ? pop Love ! I be make of love ! WADE call it what you want . pop everything you know be from I . WADE yeah . pop bang ! WADE you and I . Wade wave he old man off , trudge toward the barn . pop where the Christ you go ? you sonofabitch , you leave my fuck truck where it be ! I need ... give I the goddamn key ! I need to get I to town ! WADE crawl ! pop nothing in the fuck house to drink . not a fuck thing . my house , my money , my truck -- steal ! WADE I do not know you . my goddamn father and I do not know you . Wade walk from the glisten snow into the dark barn . CUT to : int . barn - day Wade unload the cardboard box fill with he office belonging from the back of the truck and set they on the ground . he gather up he rifle . suddenly ! a whiskey bottle slam against the back of he head . he drop to he knee , the gun scatter . he look up with child 's fear and guilt at he father . Glen whitehouse hover over he , huge and ferocious : a colossus , lift the bottle like a jawbone . Wade cringe , scramble for the drop rifle . he grab it by the barrel and , twist around , swing it in a slow motion arc , smash the edge of the wood stock against he father 's head . a cold hard crack of bone . Glen whitehouse -- shrivel again , no longer mythic -- fly back like a stuff dummy . he collapse beside the empty C.C. bottle . Wade , bleed from the head , stand , stagger off pop 's inert body , aim he rifle at the old man 's face . WADE I know you now . I love you too . Wade bolt the rifle , flick off the safety , fire -- a loud click . the gun 's empty . WADE ( smile ) joke . you scared I . he kneel down , lovingly touch the old man 's face , caress he lip , cheek , nose , brow , smoothes back he stiff gray hair . pop 's eye be cloud . blood suddenly drip from he ear to the ground . Wade rest the rifle against the truck . he bend over , slip he hand under he father 's body , lift he up . he carry pop over to the workbench , lay he out . groping beneath the bench , Wade find the kerosene lamp . he unscrew it , pour kerosene the length of pop 's body . Wade take out he cigarette lighter , ignites it , hold it for a moment , place it to Glen whitehouse . Fire spread the length of pop 's body , burst like a shroud of yellow flame . the oil -stain bench crackle ; flame shoot up the old weathered wall . Burning flesh and heat drive Wade backwards . CUT to : ext . whitehouse farm - day Wade stand in snow and sunlight . the entire barn be engulf in flame . Black smoke billow through the clear winter sky . Inside Glen whitehouse , a pyre , burn . rolfe ( v.o. ) the historical fact be know by everyone -- all of lawford , all of New Hampshire , some of Massachusetts . fact do not make history . we storey , Wade 's and mine , describe the life of boy and man for thousand of year , boy who be beat by they father , whose capacity for love and trust be crippled almost at birth and whose best hope , if any , for connection with other human being lay in a elegiac detachment , as if life be over . CUT to : ext . parker mountain - day pop 's red truck be park behind Jack hewitt 's 4 x4 on a snow - bank road . Wade , hunt rifle point up , trace Jack 's footstep down the slope of the mountain . rolfe ( v.o. ) it 's how we keep from destroy in turn we own child and terrorize the woman who have the misfortune to love we ; how we absent ourselves from the tradition of male violence ; how we decline the seduction of revenge . Wade spot Jack poise in a spruce grove , watch for deer . Wade bolt he rifle , release the safety , aim and fire . Jack , hit in the chest , fall bleed between tree . blood stain the snow . rolfe ( v.o. ) Jack 's truck turn up three day later in a shopping mall in Toronto . even without the footprint , the bullet , Wade 's utter disappearance seem evidence enough of he guilt . CUT to : int . whitehouse farm - day camera glide from room to room , glimpsing detail , fragment of former time , as if this be a historical site or memorial . the wall resonate : life be mold here . rolfe ( v.o. ) lariviere and mel Gordon be indeed in business . the parker Mountain ski Resort be now advertise all across the country . Jimmy Dame tend bar at the lodge . chub merritt open a snowmobile dealership , Nick wickham run the new Burger King . margie fogg move to littleton , nearer she mother ; lillian and Jill go with Bob horner to a new job in Seattle . out a window , worker gather char timber from the barn , throw they on a truck . rolfe ( v.o. ) we want to believe Wade die , die that same November , froze to death on a bench or a sidewalk . you can not understand how a man , a normal man , a man like you and I , could do such a terrible thing . unless the police happen to arrest a vagrant who turn out to be Wade whitehouse -- or maybe he will not be a vagrant ; maybe he will have turn himself into one of that faceless fellow work at the video store and life in a town - house apartment at the edge of town until he mailman recognize he from the picture at the post office -- unless that happen , there will be no more mention of he and he friend Jack hewitt and we father . the story will be over . except that I continue . the end