28 hour later a script by Jack felson base on character create by Alex garland Jack felson email : jack_felson@hotmail.com '' copyright 2015 this screenplay cannot be use or reproduce without the express write permission of the author . fade in : int . cctv room - timeless a operator be asleep , in front of all he screen that go black one after another . CUT to : int . corridor - timeless a door supervisor be lie in a corner , unconscious . a voice yell through the radio at he belt . voice Security , we have a break - in , get to section ... the communication be cut off . the door supervisor slowly come back to life . he stand back up , hold he head . he take he radio out . door supervisor jay ? jay ...? do you see it on you screen ? y y y no response . door supervisor ( cont would ) jay ? no response . door supervisor ( cont would ) ( louder ) jay ! still no response , he give up and walk . soon he hear some noise , that get louder and louder . door supervisor ( cont would ) what ...? he reach a larger corridor , with many door on both wall . the loud voice sound to come from one of the room in the back . a small group of people - three man , one of they in a white overall , and one woman - , rush out of one of that room , in a distance . they look enraged , snarling , drool blood . they eye be blood red . they turn they head almost at the same time and see he , and they violently freeze , look dagger at he ; then they run straight to he , faster and faster , snarling ferociously . the heavy pain stop he from quickly realize what 's happen . when he finally do , it 's too late . ext . laboratory - day a big white truck be park just outside , face the lab entrance door . two man , two activist , seat on the front seat , be wait . int . truck the one on the passenger 's seat keep he eye on he outside mirror . he move as he see he teammate rush out . activist # 1 here they be ! activist # 2 about time . activist # 1 ( frown ) they be not carry anything . activist # 2 open the back door . activist # 1 be uncertain as he still leave he seat , on he way to open the back door . he do it and the first and only thing he see be he female teammate , mika , stand right in front of he , look straight at he . her eye be blood red , she face , expressionless . the only thing she carry be one single monkey . Dead , cover with blood . activist # 1 ( interrogative ) mika ... she suddenly snarl and throw herself towards he , make both fall inside the truck . she bite he ferociously in the throat , he yell with heavy pain . david ( activist # 2 ) turn and see this , freeze . he stand up , stay close to he seat . david mika ! mika ! what the hell be you do ? what be this ? mika stop the bite and look up at david , who discover a evil version of the woman he know . her eye be red dagger , point straight at he , ready to be throw . almost supernaturally , she stand up , about to attack he , and as she do , david sit back down and put he foot down . mika be throw backwards , out of the truck . david can see she end up on the pavement , through he rear-view mirror . he keep drive away . activist # 1 be still inside the truck . kind of convulse on the floor . david see this too , in he mirror . he stop the truck , and turn to he mate . david Bruce ...? he see bruce ( activist # 1 ) stand up in he turn . then bruce turn , abruptly , show david a horrible face , totally twisted . before give he the time to rush he , david open he door and get out ... ext . truck ... slam the door behind he . he run away , terrify . int . truck what use to be bruce keep snarling in the truck as he watch david run away . its rabid condition make it unable to think good enough to open the door normally . it run out through the back - and ' join ' its infect ' teammate ' as they attack anybody else in sight . david keep run until he reach a phone box . he get inside . int . phone BOX — day he pick up the phone and dial the police number and speak as the fury start to spread outside . david this be a emergency . yes ! hurry . I have to go now . you do not believe I , then believe cctv ! he hang up and stay there , wait . then he walk out . ext . phone BOX he start run back to the truck as fury and panic gain ground . int . truck he get back into the truck through the driver 's door and lock it , as he start the engine again a infect show up , bang the window . david drive away , quickly . he turn and through the back door that be still open , he see that he 's chase by at least two infect one , run very fast . as one of they be about to board the vehicle he drive faster , lose the thing that fall down on the pavement . ext . street — day he have to jump a light that just go red , and the infect give up on he , rush other people . int . truck he take out he own cell phone , dial a longer number . david honey ... it 's I , David . everything 's all right ? okay look ... you have to quit you job right now . do not ask I why , just do it . go to school and pick up the kid at the exit . I be on my way there . int . veterinarian shop - day wanda be a beautiful brunette veterinarian , in a white overall . she 's work on a sick pet . wanda what be you talk about ? david ( v.o. ) just do as I say ! int . truck david ( cont would ) something terrible be gonna happen , it 's actually happen right now and it 's gonna hit the news in any minute . you need to act before it hit the news . you get that ? you go now . woman ( v.o. ) David , what 's the problem ? what happen ? david no time to explain ! just trust I and do as I say . go to school . I will not make you promise because we do not have time . just do it . okay ? do it now . he cut . int . veterinarian shop wanda 's teammate penny be in the same room . penny who be it ? wanda ( after a break ) give I the remote . penny pick it up and throw it to she , she put up the volume on a tv set . then she keep change channel , until she stop on BBC News . she do not see anything so special right away , so she put she phone down and keep work on she pet . int . police station - day katharine harris , a police detective , be inside she own office , on the phone behind she desk , receive a emergency call , take note with a pen . katharine thank you . she stand up , a piece of paper in she hand . she look daze . she leave she office and walk through the station , strangely empty . almost everybody have converge towards another office . a private office . they be all gather at the door , and pretty agitate , all talk together at the same time . she manage to find she way through the pack and see the lieutenant in he office , seat behind he desk . there be a pile of report on the table . he 's busy read one of they , then he get rid of it and take another on the pile . after a very short moment he get rid of it as well and get another he get rid of quickly , then he look up at the people pack at he door . lieutenant what the hell be this ? ( as he stand up ) God know if I have work plenty of case at the same time in my career , but this ... ( he shake he head ) ... this be nut . he leave he office through the human pack . nobody say a thing to he , except ... ... katharine , who hand he the report she have . katharine Lieutenant , we just receive some more call , we also have some footage now , come from cctv operator , may I suggest you have a look ? the lieutenant stop and look at she , stunne . he see the report . katharine ( cont would ) I get all of it on my computer . lieutenant you be not the only one . it 's already everywhere . he pass she , not take the report . he look highly surprised about how quickly all this be go . the report have come in within less than fifteen minute , and all of they be about the same thing . lieutenant ( cont would ) let 's have that look . I hope it 's not some stupid kid joke . he go to a corner of the station where a big screen be set high up on a wall . it 's divide into 16 square screen . the lieutenant enter the place , almost all he squad follow . the footage be play as soon as he look up . what they see defy we imagination . it be like a riot , but with something else . the police or army be not involved . only civilian people attack other civilian people , and do it with extreme violence ... and for absolutely no reason . everybody be watch , like hypnotize , unable to move and say anything . it last a moment until the lieutenant turn . lieutenant hey , what be you do ? wake up ! they all do as he speak . lieutenant ( cont would ) what ? be I dumb , or be I suppose to go out there by myself and play rambo on this guy ? just move and send all unit there ! everything you have ! and I want the whole area seal off within a 30 - mile radius ! 30 mile , you hear I ? the one concerned disperse at once . some other stay close to he . katharine include . as he watch again : katharine Sir , there 's something I need to show you . it 's very important . lieutenant what ? we be watch it right now . katharine that report be about something on the footage . about what could have start this . it 's there but I suggest we have a look . lieutenant we have footage about this ? katharine apparently yes . lieutenant let 's see it . they go to a desk and a computer on it , control the big screen , and both have a seat in front . katharine one cctv operator find it and write that report he follow to we as quickly as he could . she start work on the computer and soon , the big screen show one image instead of sixteen . she rewind the image . katharine ( cont would ) okay ... apparently it all start from that spot . the image show a big white truck , with no outside mark or brand , parking . then ... three black shape come off the back , enter a building . lieutenant what be this ? some robbery ? katharine it may be what happen before this ( more ) 10 katharine ( cont would ) whole thing start , sir . that three guy be hood , but they have no gun . lieutenant they have no gun ? what 's make you so sure about that ? katharine I be not , sir . the operator be . you should be as well when you see what happen next . now the place they just get in , it 's not a bank or anything else financial . it 's something else . lieutenant it can be anything . like some flat . katharine not on this . I do not think any robber would break in any flat in downtown London during daytime . lieutenant do not be too sure about that either . she fast - forward the tape . katharine from the report , they come out six minute later . she keep fast - forward , until ... the footage show they come out . five people instead of three . all act mad . and attack people at once . lieutenant ( astonished ) my God ... katharine notice anything ? lieutenant yes , that 's the start point all right . katharine 11 and the three guy , sir , the three guy . lieutenant they bring out some friend . katharine with they hood off . they do not wear they any more . lieutenant that 's right . this mean we will be able to identify they . this be very good . katharine Sir , you will not be able to even go for they . they have go mad . they be finish . lieutenant of course . she freeze the image . katharine anything else ? lieutenant yes , the guy in white ... katharine must be some scientist . Doctor , researcher . lieutenant oh ... katharine it mean that the guy break in medical or research place . like clinic , or a lab . and that they unleash something that should stay lock . lieutenant yes ... holy shit . she play the footage again . or have 12 katharine look at this . the footage show the truck abruptly start , then stop about fifty yard ahead . then the driver get out of the truck and run away , frantically , like he 's chase by the Devil himself . until he enter a phone box . the guy be all dress in black , like that who enter the mysterious place . he 's not hood . lieutenant he escape from he own friend . katharine it 's possible to identify this guy . lieutenant ( show no joy ) good , you do that . very good job . ( he stand up ) you do that while I alert all the medias , right away . she nod , he leave . int . truck - day david be still head to the school . his radio be on . as he approach the school , he begin to hear about the mysterious wave of fury . radio voice we have to interrupt we program to report you of something totally unusual currently happen on the street of London ... several assault , still unexplain , have occur and apparently have not stop yet ... we be wait for more detail from the police but the motive of this aggression be still to be ... david manage to park the truck , he have to turn off the radio as he get out . he run to the school entrance . 13 int . veterinarian shop — day wanda look stunne as she watch the first tv development . her eye and mouth widen . the news be host by one single man , revealing the break info : wave of FURY breaking out in london news host it have start for about twenty minute and do not seem to have stop , since report from call witness be still come in ... again , a mysterious wave of assault be currently occur in London , many people have be attack , for no apparent reason , and the number be still grow . we still have no precision about what be still cause this assault but as it develop we will keep you inform ... wanda suddenly drop she tool and turn , run to she coat and handbag and rush out of the room . penny the door slam , the pet moan on the table . the door reopen , wanda reappear . wanda penny , close the place and go . she slam the door again . int . school - reception desk - day david walk to a big reception desk . there be two women behind , he go to one of they . david hello ... receptionist hi mister . 14 david I be look for my kid ... receptionist be they all admit here ? david they be . please tell I where my eldest son Robert be . receptionist he 's probably have he class . can you give I a good reason why I should give you this info ? david ( hesitate ) when be the class finish ? receptionist ( check she watch ) all the current class finish in ... seven , eight minute . david I need the classroom location or its number . please . receptionist why ? david ( impatient ) he 's my son , I need to talk to he personally , and I need to do it now . I will not make any trouble , I will not interrupt the class , I promise . just give I the room location or its number , I will go and wait at the door until the bell ring . receptionist ( sighing ) give I you name . and you so n's . she finally give he the info , a bit reluctantly . david thank you very much . 15 he leave quickly . the receptionist notice . as david climb some stair the two woman at the reception desk hear from a small tv set about what 's happen . the sound be low but they can hear . they focus on the screen , suddenly highly worried . soon some portrait of suspect come up . the receptionist who talk with David recognize he quickly from one of they . she pick up the phone , dial 999 . int . school - corridor david walk through a empty corridor , watch the wall , look for a door with the correct number . he finally find it . he look inside the classroom through a rather small square glass window , try to spot Robert , he eldest son , among all the pupil . some of the kid turn they head to he . none of they be Robert 's but david manage to locate he . he fight the urge to get into the room and drag he son out , decide to wait for the class to finish . his tooth clinch as he look at he watch . four minute before the bell ring . he stay put . int . school - reception desk two police officer in uniform , walk in , both receptionist wave to they and they go to the desk . officer # 1 lady ... receptionist # 1 ( the one who talk with David , sounding concerned ) Officer , what be this on television ? officer # 2 do not you worry . we will get this under control . be you the one who call we ? 16 receptionist # 1 yes . the man you be look for about this , be here . and ... officer # 2 ( interrupt ) he 's here ? receptionist # 1 that 's what I say on the phone . officer # 1 good . which way ? receptionist # 1 Sir , before I answer that question , there 's something I have to tell you about ... something I didn 't mention on the phone ... officer # 2 yes , what be it ? receptionist # 1 the guy be look for he kid here . he be look very concerned . he be sounding almost panicked . he be looking in panic . and he leave run . officer # 2 so ? receptionist # 1 so I believe he know much more about what 's go on than you guy do . ( very seriously ) Sir ... what be go on ? she look at the tv screen . the two cop and the other receptionist do the same . the news have break all over . it 's everywhere . the image show be awful . receptionist # 1 ( cont would ) ( turn to the two cop ) you say that you will get this situation under control ... be you sure about that ? 17 officer # 1 we will . that 's what we be pay for . officer # 2 ai not we ? both woman stare at they , say nothing , not convinced at all . officer # 1 take out a envelope , then he take out big photo from they . officer # 2 now ... can you tell we which way you send the guy ? you know he 's want . receptionist # 1 I do . ( wave she arm , show the direction ) I send he to the second floor . she give a door number . officer # 1 lay the photo on the desk . they be portrait . the same one that be show on tv . four man , one woman . officer # 1 which one be it ? receptionist # 1 immediately point at David 's photo . receptionist # 1 it 's he . officer # 1 thank you . receptionist # 1 be he involved in what be happen ? officer # 2 you do not need to know . receptionist # 1 I will take it as a yes . officer # 2 whatever . 18 as the two cop leave with the photo , the bell ring . loud. int . school the door open , let out a whole bunch of shouting kid . david watch carefully . then : david ( shouting louder ) Rob ! almost all the kid turn to he . only one of they call back . ROBERT , a blond -haire boy , twelve year old . ROBERT daddy ! he run to david and they hug each other . ROBERT ( cont would ) dad , what be you do here ? david we be go home . ROBERT now ? david yes . right now . ROBERT why ? I have two class leave ... david it 's okay . you will catch up . now I will ask you to trust you dad . okay ? ROBERT sure ... david you have you mobile ? ROBERT yes , I have it but dad , I have to go ... 19 david you be gonna call you brother and sister , and you be gonna do it now . ROBERT ( surprisingly ) why ? david do you trust you dad ? ROBERT yes but ... david then do as I say and do not ask so many question . ROBERT okay . david good boy . you tell they to go to the exit , and to stay there until you mother show and pick you up . ROBERT ( disconcert , blink , after a couple of second ) all right . david do it now . ROBERT take out he mobile phone , and they start walk together along the corridor that progressively go empty even if it 's still pack . they turn a corner and david spot two shape in uniform , in a distance . Police uniform . david ( cont would ) what 's happen ? do you get anything ? ROBERT I be try to reach emilia , there 's no answer . david keep try . let it ring . 20 they keep walk , and david notice the two cop hold something . like a envelope . look down at it , then back at he , alternatively . identification . sooner or later they will recognize he . david hey sonny ... ROBERT yes ? david I be afraid I will have to leave you . ROBERT ( more and more disconcert ) why ? david do exactly as I say . you call you brother and sister and meet they at the school exit . and you stay there until you mother pick up all of you . do you understand ? ROBERT yes dad but ... david do I make myself clear ? ROBERT you do . david if they ask you why , just tell they that ' dad tell you to ' . be that a deal ? ROBERT yeah but ... where be you go ? david one last thing to do . I will see you at home . sooner than expect . okay ? ROBERT sure . 21 david bye son . he turn and walk the other way . he walk , very normally . among people take different direction . he keep walk , straight ahead , without take the same corner . Fighting the urge to turn round . he take the next corner and take out he mobile phone , as he start to walk faster . he dial wanda 's number . and he look over he shoulder . he do not see the cop right away . david honey , where be you now ? ext . street - day wanda 's car roll fast . int . car wanda I be on my way to the school , Dave ! I be come . david ( v.o. ) okay , fine ! fine. eta ? wanda five , I guess . david ( v.o. ) should be okay . pick them up fast , straight - up , all right ? do not waste any time . wanda Dave , what be this all about ? int . school david no chat now ! just get the kid and go home ! 22 he cut , put the mobile away and stop , turn to the cop . the corridor be still rather crowded as they come closer to he , as he show he back to the wall . they all stand there for a short moment . the cop be a bit surprised by he attitude , not try to run away . david please do not cuff my hand here . there be kid around . officer # 2 we can wait until they be all out of sight . david we can not wait . officer # 1 okay , we can not . but there be a procedure . turn around , face the wall . ( David turn . ) spread you leg . ( David spread he leg . ) hand behind you back . david ( as he put he hand behind he back ) be discreet . officer # 1 shut up . he take out a pair of cuff , and tie david 's wrist with they . then they both grab he and take he away . ext . school —- day as he 's take by the two cop through the school main yard to the exit ... ... david see he three kid stand close to the gate . he freeze and turn away at once . officer # 2 hey ! what the f...? 23 david that 's my kid over there . officer # 1 really ? david yeah , really . officer # 1 and you do not want they to see you like this ? officer # 2 I think you be a good dad . david cut that shit out . and get a trash bag to cover my head . both cop chuckle . officer # 2 ( shaking he head ) the world 's go crazy . officer # 1 take it easy , we be just fuck with you . ( catch a kid pass by ) hey kiddo , go get we a trash bag . a clean one , and fast . thanks . CUT to : ext . school the same cop , take a man in black , with he head cover by a black trash bag , away from the school through the gate , towards a police car park by . among the people stand by the gate and watch , be david 's three kid who do not recognize they father and make the connection . the man with the trash bag over he head be push inside the car , which roll away ten second later . int . police car ( patrol 76 ) - day they all stay quiet in the car for some time . 24 both police officer look relax , with the feel of a job well do . david look different , he keep look outside the car , leave then right then straight ahead , sometimes in the back . in all direction . he do not look frantic . but he 's like he 's feel the storm come after calm . officer # 2 ( the one not drive - suddenly ) hey fellow ...! david yes. officer # 2 can you confirm you name ? david what for ? officer # 2 just make sure we do not arrest the wrong guy . david you do not . what 's make you feel differently ? officer # 2 you do not look like a outlaw . david I be both . in and out . officer # 1 why do you guy do that ? david you mean , try to set animal free ? officer # 1 be you only aware of what you have start ? david you guy do not seem to worry very much about that . officer # 1 ( to he partner , shrugging ) forget it . after a short break , the radio burst out . radio voice ( female ) patrol 76 , what 's with you suspect ? over . officer # 2 ( take the radio ) he 's in the car with we . eta , ten . over . radio voice very well . the lieutenant need to talk to you ... as she finish , a heavy shock be hear . a infect just land on the hood . snarl at the two cop who gape at he . as the bloody guy move to they with the obvious intention to 25 smash the windshield with one of he hand , officer # 1 brake . the creature be throw off the hood . lieutenant ( v.o. ) hello ...? because of the brake , the car behind they have to turn quickly to avoid the shock . it pass they ... and become the target for another infect . we can hear a window be shattered . then some scream . they can do nothing but watch , helpless . lieutenant ( v.o. ) hello ? david God ... 26 officer # 2 take out he gun as he see another infect one rush to they . he put he window down and shoot . all of it very quickly . the infect collapse . officer # 2 drive ! officer # 1 put he foot down as he partner talk in the radio again . officer # 2 ( cont would ) Lieutenant ? lieutenant ( v.o. ) yeah . what happen ? officer # 2 we have get trouble ! wait a second ... they have to take a quick turn as a couple of other rabid one rush to they . officer # 2 ( cont would ) Lieutenant ... lieutenant ( v.o. ) you be okay ? officer # 2 no worry ... so far . lieutenant ( v.o. ) how 's the suspect ? both cop turn to david , who look very agitate . they nod . officer # 2 he 's all right . lieutenant ( v.o. ) tell he to confirm the address of that lab they break in . ( he give a address . ) go ahead . officer # 2 turn to david again , officer # 1 look at he through the rear-view mirror . david nod a yes . 27 officer # 2 ( in the radio ) he say yes . lieutenant ( v.o. ) okay . make sure he 's alive and kick and listen . we have some trouble here as well . officer # 2 have you be attack in there ? lieutenant ( v.o. ) no , but the place be almost empty . two police headquarters , both locate in a short distance from that lab , have be overrun . so many guy here have not wait for the same thing to happen here , they go to pick up they kid at school or straight home . we be receive always less and less report of the situation , and this report always get more and more specific about that disease and the damage it just keep cause . officer # 1 it 's a disease ? lieutenant ( v.o. ) it 's something in the blood . so yeah , it 's a disease . rage , I would say . a secret virus . int . police station the lieutenant be speak inside he office , seat behind he desk . as he speak , several police car patrol throughout the city of London , some of they be attack one after another . we alternate from one car , attack or not , to another . and from police station to patrol 76 . lieutenant I be talk now to all car , and I be ask you to listen to this without interrupt , even if you get attack . the situation have not improve , but it have not go worse either . it can get better only if you keep shoot that freaky thing on sight . from some of the ( more ) 28 lieutenant report we receive , once they get infect , they start run around and they do it very quickly , frantically , without stop , until they hit anybody else . that 's mainly why it 's spread that fast . the underground traffic also help much . if possible , do not wait until they rush to you to pull the trigger , since they infect blood may hit you and reach you eye or enter you mouth . the situation be consider so serious that the upper hand be just give to the army , over the government . int . patrol 76 brian and jeff look at each other as the lieutenant continue . lieutenant ( v.o. , cont would ) the army 's already give everyone the instruction to stay home , lock they door and window and close they shutter . they have also post soldier in front of every public place in town , especially school and hospital , it do not mean you can not use you gun on that thing any more . but it mean that all we regular communication will be shut down . we also can expect radio and tv station to stop broadcasting in any minute , until the situation be under control again . that 's why I ask you not to try to ask any question and to start any discussion . we do not have much time leave . just keep use we car to go home and put you family together and safe . many civilian will try to leave the city ; please do not do the same . we need all of you here . now this be for patrol 76 . the other car be dismiss . thank you . officer # 2 Lieutenant ... lieutenant ( v.o. ) Jeff ...? 29 officer # 2 yes. Brian be drive . lieutenant ( v.o. ) check on we guy . check he face . jeff he 's look green now . he just shit he pants . lieutenant ( v.o. ) I guess you understand you can not bring he here . there will be nobody to question he , not even to take he to the toilet . you will have to let he go . david I know it . brian do not play with we now . david I be not . I could have say that way before , but I be polite . lieutenant ( v.o. ) all this be you fault , mister . if I be you I would not be so proud . david go say that to that who make that stinky virus . lieutenant ( v.o. ) I be say that to you . you be stupid enough to try to release animal that have be injected with all kind of shit . you also know that most lab experiment be classified . it 's you only fault . brian Lieutenant , instead of let he go , what about shoot he right away ? he deserve to pay , he should pay . david I be not inside the lab , I do not see what happen . if we know for sure that ( more ) 30 david ( cont would ) the chimp be infect with that shit , we would have shot they all , instead of try to set they free . lieutenant ( v.o. ) no excuse , please . you be the one who release that thing . nobody else do . david I be not say otherwise . do you really believe we do not suffer ? my own friend attack I . now they be go . I really luck out . lieutenant ( v.o. ) you guy take he home . once there with he family he will not be able to go anywhere , it 's too dangerous , I guess he know it better than anybody else . over and out . he cut . jeff put down the radio . david ( after a few second of silence ) well , I would say you be not cop any more . what do you say ? brian you be right , asshole , but you know what ? we be not taxi driver either . david what do you mean ? jeff if you really believe we will take you home , you be out of you mind . david and what about what you lieutenant say ? brian you just tell we , we be not cop any more . you be right about that . and we radio communication will be shut down at any time . he will never know . 31 jeff unless you go report to he at the station , but I do not believe you wanna do that . both ' cop 's reach the next corner , then brian stop the car . he take out he gun . and have look all around . ext . patrol 76 he get out of the vehicle , he gun in he hand , not point . nothing suspect around he , so he open one of the back door . brian get out . david ( get out ) you be leave I here ? brian turn around . david that 's not what you be suppose to do . brian ( as he uncuff david ) I know . but we have family too . we do not have time for you . just take the underground or a cab . jeff join they , he gun in he hand as well , look around . jeff ( hand something to david ) take it . david what 's that ? jeff what do it look like ? it 's a walkie - talkie . it 's on my private frequency . keep it carefully and use it if you manage to get home . ( as david take the device ) good luck , asshole . 32 both cop get back in they car and drive away . ext . street — day david stay there , not move . and not totally believe . after escape from infection and do everything so he family do not have to face it , he be expose again . with a fair chance to escape from it again though . but he do not know at once what to do or which way to go . he do not even know where exactly he be . he stay there , like he 's wait for a taxi . but there 's no one come . from the lieutenant on he radio , he know the underground be no more a option . so he keep wait . ext . school - day David 's kid , ROBERT , emilia and vee be in quite the same situation , wait for they mother to come and pick they up . they look rather anxious , since they can hear more and more siren , from more or less big distance . ROBERT 's phone ring . he take the call . wanda ( v.o. ) Robert ...? ROBERT mum ! wanda ( v.o. ) be you in front of the gate ? ROBERT yes , we be all wait ! what be you do ? 33 int . wanda's car wanda I will be right there , baby ! I be so sorry , I be block at a intersection ... ( she see a infect one get into the traffic ) ... look , I have to hang up , just stay where you be ! I will be right there ! she cut and watch for a moment . the infect one , a girl , manage to smash a car window . the people in the car scream in terror . the light go green but there 's no car move . and no horn yell . wanda turn she wheel and get on the sidewalk , drive away from the scene just as some other car finally follow ... and as another infect one show up , attack another car still stop . ext . street — day david 's still stand at the same spot . still no taxi . he look at the radio device Jeff give he . unusable , despite the operational frequency . he take he cell phone out of he pocket . usable ? yes . his network 's still operational . but he battery 's almost dead . he look around , try to find a street name he can use . the first valuable thing he see be ... ... a infect one , run frantically from a distance , look around for a prey . then run straight to somebody and attack with amazing ferocity . david look away , escape from that sight of savagery surround by panic . he dial a number . int . car — day wanda can hear she phone ringing as she approach the school . so she can not take the call . 34 ext . school - day ROBERT , emilia and vee be still wait outside , among a grow number of other kid , wait as well . it 's not school bus time yet . the gate be wide open , there 's one soldier in he uniform stand close by , hold a machine gun , and carry a gun in a pocket . wanda 's car finally get on the street , at high speed . but she lose control and hit a park car . and there it stay . the engine have stop . wanda be not injure but look knock down . emilia & rob ( simultaneously ) mum ! the three kid run to the car , which be not seriously smashed . ROBERT manage to open the driver 's seat and see she mother , half unconscious . he shake she , as hard as he can . ROBERT mum ! mum , come on ! ( keep shaking she ) come on ! wake up ! the two other start cry as ROBERT keep shaking and shouting . then ... some heavy snarling . ROBERT hear it , despite the weep . he freeze . he slam the door , open the back one and rush he brother , sister and himself into the car . int . wanda's car he lock both back door , then he take the passenger 's seat , quickly , and lock both front door . ROBERT ( harshly ) get down , and keep quiet ! he take he still unconscious mum down with he , as the two other obey . 35 ROBERT ( cont would ) now do not move a inch ! ext . school —- day on the outside , two infect one get closer , come from different direction . one of they run straight to the small group of kid . the other one stop on the sidewalk , close to the park car . int . wanda's car ROBERT ( whisper ) both of you , hit the floor ! and do not make a sound ! as emilia and vee reach the floor , wanda moan a little . ROBERT put a hand on she mouth . ext . car the creature be still stand on the sidewalk , snarling in the empty , still seem to wonder which car to tear apart . it move quickly , reach the front of wanda 's car . it stand there , wait for some signal to attack , and see nothing , feel no movement inside right away . ext . school the other creature approach the group at high speed , roaring with dementious rage , ready to attack and bite deep . holding he machine gun in he leave hand , the soldier use he other hand to take out he gun . he aim and ... fire . only once . the infect one drop dead , shot in the chest . ext . car the thing hear the gunshot and turn he tear face to the group , with a mad snarl . and it run to they , like crazy , scream louder than ever . the soldier fire again . 36 int . wanda's car ROBERT move up . the thing be go . he start work on he mum again . ROBERT mum ! mum ! wake up ! mum , come on ! after a short moment she finally emerge . wanda oh ... Rob ... the three kid hug they mum from all side . wanda ( cont would ) ( hold she head ) what happen ...? ROBERT you have have a little accident ... she seem to remember . wanda oh ... she shake she head . emilia mum , I wanna go home ! wanda sure , baby . she turn she key , but the engine just splutter . she try , two , three more time . no positive result . then she look up , and freeze . a shape be stand on the outside , right in front of the car , look straight at she . then it move to the side . it stop by she door and knock on the glass , two time . it 's the soldier . wanda put the glass down . soldier hello guy . sorry if I scared you . 37 wanda it 's all right . soldier be everything okay ? wanda not really ... soldier I see . I have many kid with I , they need to go home but they parent have not show yet . be it possible for you to take some of they ? we would really appreciate it . wanda we would love to , but I think my car be dead . soldier try again . she do , turn the ignition key again , two more time . nothing . soldier ( cont would ) keep you foot down on the accelerator . it will go . she press the accelerator and turn the key again , and after a little time , the engine start at last . ROBERT yes !! soldier good . please stop by the school gate . wanda okay . as she drive to the gate , the soldier take out he machine gun for better cover . ext . street — day a soldier in he uniform be unload he machine gun . he 's 38 stand inside a big army jeep , along with some other soldier . one of they be also fire . many people get ruthlessly riddled with bullet before go down . we do not know if they be infect or not . the guy do not take any risk . then another soldier , not hold a weapon , jump off the vehicle . he take out a gun as he walk to the body for check . some of the face be tear , the other be not . he turn he body , head and gun to a shape , a man-like be stand not far from the scene , not move . the soldier hesitates . from where he be , the guy 's face look normal . it 's david . he put he hand in the air . david I be okay ! I be not infect ! the soldier put he gun away , look around for safety . soldier all right . david I make the call about this . soldier come with we . int . army vehicle david be on the phone . david how do it go ? ( a pause ) I get kind of lucky , a army truck just pick I up . I be on my way too . ( a pause ) look , I really can not talk right now . and you can not either , right ? you can not drive and listen to a complete exposé at the same time . can not you be a little patient ? that 's all I ask . just try to keep the kid and anyone else safe . 39 he cut . int . wanda's car wanda put she phone down . the car be full . her three kid , along with two teenage girl - be also in the car . the eldest girl you be almost there ! wanda I hope you have a key to get in . the eldest girl my mother give I a copy . wanda where be you parent ? the eldest girl in hospital . daddy 's have a accident at work , today . they will be back tonight . that 's what mommy say on the phone . wanda okay , keep look around , baby ! we be approach . ext . house she stop by a range of similar house , in front of one of they . the neighbourhood be quiet . both teenage girl be seat by one of the back window , the eldest one get out first , she sister follow . the eldest girl ( to wanda ) so many thanks . we should pay you . wanda you both get inside fast , baby , right now ! and take care ! as she roll away , both girl rush to they house entrance door , and the eldest one search she pocket . she find she key , they get inside fast and slam the door behind they . 40 just as they do , three infect freak appear , run furiously along the street after wanda 's car . and as they pass the girl ' house , a light be turn on from the inside , shine through the window 's glass . int . house - dusk it 's sunset when david get inside he own house . he do not hear anything right away . david hello ? no response . he 's alone . or maybe not . he start a inspection process right away . try to make it as quick and specific as possible , turn no light on . he quickly check the ground floor , then he go upstairs , open every door without enter the room . nothing and nobody . relieved , or kind of , he get inside every room , open every window and close all the shutter . then he go back downstairs , walk to every window and , after carefully check the outside , open they and carefully and silently close the shutter . except one , in the live room from where he can see he family show up . there be still no light on . he take out the radio Jeff give he , and push a button . david hello ? int . patrol 76 - dusk jeff take out he radio in he turn . 41 jeff hello ? ( a pause ) who be this ? int . house david try to guess . we alternate from the house to the car . jeff oh . the asshole . david that 's right . jeff of course . so you have make it back home , huh ? david I have , but my wife and kid be still out there . what about you ? jeff my partner be home safe . I be now work on my case . david how be it go ? jeff not too good . there be more and more of that thing out there . I get attack twice since Brian drop himself . david do you get any call from any of you relative ? jeff not for some time . david from where I be , I be not receive any news myself ... oh ... 42 a car just stop in front of the house . wanda 's car . jeff what ? david I think they be here . I be afraid I gotta go . jeff okay asshole . I be happy for you . david feel free to come back to I . he put down the radio , without cut off the line . then he go to the entrance door , open it and walk out . ext . house the car be park in the alley , wanda and he three kid come out quickly and run frantically to he , shouting . wanda come on , go in , quick ! quick !! david be stunne by the loud , panicked voice from he wife . he have no time to wonder why . several enraged shape be run straight to they . int . house - hallway they manage to get inside and david lock the door just before a big thud hit it , follow by more . the hallway be almost totally dark . david no light on ! he have no time for hugging . he have something very important to do first . david ( cont would ) ( almost whisper ) kid , go upstairs . lock yourselves up in you room . and make no noise . 43 ROBERT , emilia and vee start climb the stair , as the infect all snarl together outside , try to break in . david ( cont would ) ( to wanda ) keep all the light off for the moment . do not turn any one on . I have a shutter to close , in the live room . if they see any light on , they will break the window and get in . wanda follow david to the live entrance door . david ( cont would ) stay here . live room he walk through the dark room to the window , to the radio which be sounding . david ( cont would ) Jeff ! you be here ? jeff yeah . everything 's okay ? david we have some problem . jeff I can hear that . gimme you address . I will follow it to the army . int . bedroom - dusk ROBERT , emilia and vee be lock in the same bedroom . the light be on inside . the shutter be close , so they can not see what 's happen outside . ROBERT be hold he tremble little brother and sister tight . then he release they and walk to the window . ROBERT turn off the light . emilia no , Rob ! 44 ROBERT turn it off ! emilia turn off the light , and ROBERT open the window , then the shutter a very little bit . he look down and for the first time , he can see what the infect look and act like . they still try to break in through the entrance door , bang it hard . two of they stand at some distance , look at something else , probably a window , wait for a sign to break in the house through it . then one of they suddenly look up , and ROBERT pull out of sight . so he can not see a army vehicle show up . but he can hear the first of a series of gunshot . he jump . ext . house the infect get shot one after another , first the one stand not far from the window . the other turn crazy face to the shooter , they run to they and get shot in they turn . two soldier jump off the vehicle , hold gun . no machine gun be use . they fire some more , make sure . then they walk back to the vehicle , they get back inside and the vehicle leave . int . house it 's all silent now . david emerge from the floor , and risk a look outside . through the window he see several bloody body lie motionless in front of he house . he open the window and close the shutter . fade to black . card : 9 hour after virus outbreak fade in : 45 int . live room - night a tv screen , a news break emerge . a woman be show ... on the street ! she hold a microphone , act like everything be normal . woman we be about to enter the close police station from Buckingham Palace , it 's also the most protect and guard one . the city be on high alert but let 's see if we will be able to collect some valuable info about the situation ... she enter the building . Inside she see people , some with army uniform , some other with police uniform . wanda nothing else ? david and wanda be seat beside each other , in a couch face the set . the screen show the woman stop a soldier . woman Sir ? the man turn to she , then to the camera . soldier no photo , no interview , please . woman could you tell we how the situation be evolve ? soldier we be do the best we can . that 's all I can say . woman anything else ? soldier yes . turn off that camera and go home . that 's the best you can do to help we . that 's it . 46 david and wanda smile at each other . the light be on in the room , there be also many light candle all across it and all across the house , in case the light go off . david change the channel , and see a blank screen . he continue change channel . and finally come back to the still broadcasting one . this time the woman stand close to a police officer . police officer ... the most important thing to understand be that people must stay home and lock themselves up , but many of they do not follow that very simple instruction or make mistake , do stupid thing , like throw party and make noise . from where we be we have be receive report of family attack in they home . as long as this kind of thing occur , this plague - because we can call it a plague - will always gain ground . you want to know about the situation ? it 's not good , and it 's not get any better . I will not lie to make people feel better . even if we get this situation under control again , there will be many casualty . woman what about the Royal family ? police officer you can check for yourself outside . Buckingham Palace be close to the public and it will stay close until this be definitely behind we . thank you . woman thank you for talk to we , officer . police officer now you should go home . especially if you have a family . it 's dangerous on ( more ) 47 police officer ( cont would ) the street . in case you do not know , there be a army of psychopath grow out there . woman thanks again . ( to the camera ) let 's go back outside , and try to get closer to Buckingham Palace where some Royal family member take refuge a few hour ago ... the screen go blank . david just change the channel . wanda give it up . what you have to tell I be more interesting . david turn off the television . david there be nothing to say . I be not in the lab when the whole thing start . I be in the truck . wanda and ...? tell I . what happen ? david they be all infect when they come out . and they attack we first . I and Bruce . wanda go on . david I be at the wheel , so Bruce go to open the back door . mirka attack he , he get infect , they both attack I , I run away . wanda I see ... david it all happen very quickly , it 's difficult to explain . one sure thing I can tell you , I be lucky . 48 wanda what about this ... infection ? david we do not know . nobody know . it be a lab , they build plenty of viruse in that kind of place . whatever we be face , it be not suppose to get out . wanda I have to check the grill . she stand up and walk to the chimney . some pork rib be roasting inside . she open the chimney and work on the rib with a fork . then she close the chimney , put the fork down , stand back up and come back to david , sit down close to he like before . Robert , emilia and vee be sleep on another couch . they be still asleep when david and wanda start kissing softly . until a voice break off . jeff ( v.o. ) hello ? david look around . jeff ( v.o. , cont would ) hello ? the three kid move in they sleep , without awaken . david ( stand up ) I have to take this . wanda who be this ? david pick up the radio . david what 's up coppy ? 49 jeff ( v.o. ) the coppy have a name , asshole , it 's Jeff . david good to know . so what 's up ? any good news ? jeff ( v.o. ) I guess the army show up . david they be fast , thanks again . jeff ( v.o. ) how long ? david one , two minute . jeff ( v.o. ) that fast ? david yeah , why ? jeff ( v.o. ) why ? you get lucky again . david yeah , I guess so . you think I do not deserve to be ? jeff ( v.o. ) I think you deserve to be hang . david why do you help I then ? jeff ( v.o. ) I do not know . maybe because I kind of like you . david brilliant . I guess we can kiss good news goodbye , right ? jeff ( v.o. ) right. 50 david be you home ? jeff ( v.o. ) no . david where be you ? int . patrol 76 they cut , jeff I be head to the police station . my car be still there , I will try to get it back . david ( v.o. ) be you crazy ? jeff it 's a great car . I do not want it wreck or steal . david ( v.o. ) be you car great than you family ? jeff I do not really have a family , asshole . I have a wife , but we be separate and she keep the kid . she do not return my call . david ( v.o. ) you have a kid ? jeff yeah , a girl . I have not see she in eight month . david ( v.o. ) I be very sorry to hear that . jeff do not be . I will call you back . david ( v.o. ) good luck . jeff put down the radio . 51 int . house - live room a pause . wanda who be it ? david the cop who arrest I today . wanda ( frown ) arrested ...? david unofficially , yeah . they could not take I in . when this situation get under control again , I guess they will come back for I again . wanda what if it do not ? david ( shrugging ) I do not know . wanda be it he who give you that radio ? david yes . wanda why do he do that ? david I do not know . ext . street - night jeff approach the police station . he turn off he car light and park not far from the parking lot . he take out one of he gun , check it 's fully load , do the same with another one . he get out of the car and walk slowly and silently to the 52 parking lot , then he walk through it , very carefully , look around , one of he gun point . everything be quiet . it 's almost all dark around , despite some street light still on . he quickly reach a back door , but he can not open it . then he quickly get back in the police car shadow and ' protection ' . he move again , head to the station 's main entrance through the parking lot . he reach the right level , then he run to the entrance door . he open it and get in the building . all of it , very silently . int . police station - night it 's weakly light by wall source activate by the usual spare generator . the visibility be okay , everything be quiet as well . jeff keep walk through the station until he reach a range of locker . he open one of they , have to make some noise . the gun room . not totally empty . some weapon and ammunition box leave , among some other thing . he enter the small room , and take all . he 's so busy do it , make more noise , he 's still able to hear a creak sound from the outside . quickly , he turn around , point a gun . at two dark , weakly light shape , stand outside , in different position , but they head turn to he . at once , they snarl savagely . jeff fire , twice . they drop , dead . he pick up one last gun and leave the empty room , two gun point . as he see more shape snarling , run to he , he shoot at that come from the entrance side . fortunately they be less numerous than that come from the other side . 53 ext . police station he leave the building , chase by four rabid creature . one of they wear the police uniform . he run through the parking lot to he civilian car , heavily load . the infect get closer so he have no choice but turn to they and fire . he kill two more , the close one , quite easily . then he run again , approach he car . as he reach it , he turn around , drop he loot and shoot the before last one of they . this leave he just enough time to pick up a riot mask and to put it on , just as the last one reach he , he mouth wide open . the creature be so fast , it manage to disarm jeff , who grab he throat , as the creature fall down on he . they both fall down , jeff end up under the rabid guy but he keep squeezing its throat as he keep its face away from he . the creature suddenly spit a whole lot of blood down at jeff who 's now almost blind , he mask red spoiled with infect blood . they keep fight that way for about half a minute , roll around on the pavement , jeff keep squeezing , the infect keep snarling and spitting blood at he . until the infect stop move . strangle , choke to death . everything be quiet again . both stay motionless for a moment . then jeff stand up , slowly . he take off he bloody mask and drop it . then he pick up he gun and look around . nothing . he take out he key , open the front door of he civilian car , and throw the arsenal inside the vehicle , the spoiled mask include . then he get in the car , start the engine ... ... but he do not drive away . not yet . 54 he take a long breath , then he pick up he two gun , he reload they , then he take he flashlight ... .. and he get off the car . he walk back to the station , he gun point , stay carefully away from the infect dead body . int . police station once inside , he turn on the flashlight . the building be definitely empty and quiet . he head to the main room . to he own desk . he open one of the drawer ( the biggest one ) and take several radio device out of it . CUT to : ext . police station he get back in he car , get rid of he stuff , start the engine and drive off the parking lot at full speed . int . house - live room - night david and wanda be sort of asleep in the couch when the radio call again . jeff ( v.o. ) hello ? david open one eye and move in he half sleep . jeff ( v.o. , cont would ) hello ? david pick up the radio , which be right beside he , lie on the couch . david Jeff ? wanda move and open she eye in she turn . jeff ( v.o. ) yeah , asshole , look , be it possible that I spend this night at you home ? 55 david why , what happen ? jeff ( v.o. ) let 's say I do not wanna be on my own tonight . david that 's it ? jeff ( v.o. ) no . I be attack at the police station . but I be okay . david oh ... jeff ( v.o. ) do not worry , I will not put you under arrest . I just wanna keep feel like a cop . you know , protect , serve , that kind of shit . david I see . okay , I will be wait . jeff ( v.o. ) be you sure ? david yes . just do not park you car too close from we house , keep it some distance away . jeff ( v.o. ) I will do that . I will horn two time when I show up . david all right . just one condition ... jeff ( v.o. ) yes ...? david you stop call I a asshole . jeff ( v.o. ) ( laugh ) of course . we get a deal . david I have a name too , it 's David . jeff ( v.o. ) I know that . david good . here 's my address ... jeff ( v.o. ) I have it , you give it to I before . I will be right there . they cut the comm . david stand up . wanda be he come ? david yes . wanda be you serious ? david of course . wanda I mean , you be gonna host the cop who arrest you ? david ( smile and shrugging ) he let I go after that . wanda you mean he drop you on the street . david same thing , basically . forget about it . ( look at the kid , then at wanda ) should I wake they up ? wanda ( after a pause ) no. 57 david you be right , it 's better that way . he leave the live , wanda follow and they go to the entrance door . they keep the light off in the hallway . david ( cont would ) he say he would horn twice . wanda he already know where to find this house ? david when you come back with the kid , we have a big problem , I have to inform he . ext . street -— night jeff 's car roll through the dark street . it take two turn , then it slow down and finally park . int . car jeff manage to take all he stuff , and as he get ready he horn two time . he get off the car . ext . car he look around , the noise from the horn be probably hear . he start walk , a gun in he right hand , a flashlight in the other , stay in the middle of the street . he hear some furious roar from cat , in a distance . he turn he head to the source of the noise . he see two very normal cat , run very fast to he . he can see and hear they snarling furiously as they get closer . he fire , two time . int . house - night hallway the door bell ring . david unlock the door , open it . and jeff come in . david Jeff ? jeff ( v.o. ) yeah ! all he gun and radio stuff . jeff many thanks . he look relieved and dismay in the same time . a pause . david ( lock the door back ) my god. jeff yeah , I do not look good . david we just hear some gunshot ... jeff ( look at he ) it be I . david honey , this be Jeff . Jeff , this be my wife , wanda . wanda ( hold out a hand ) good evening , officer . jeff ( not take it ) good evening , mar 'am . wanda it 's wanda . 58 carry 59 jeff ( chuckle a little ) all right . you can call I Jeff . sorry , I can not shake hand with you guy now . it 's not safe . david of course . wanda I perfectly understand . jeff later , promise . ( a pause ) well ... I would need a clean - up . wanda you will be better off upstairs . please follow I . jeff okay . thanks again . he follow wanda as she start go up the stair . bathroom jeff wash he bloody mask . the water be black and red as it go down into the sink . then he take off he police clothes . live room the whole family be around the dining table , along with jeff . they all look very tired . but they can not go to sleep . wanda ( about the numerous light candle on the table and all across the room and house ) all this have nothing to do with religion . jeff ( smile ) I know . the roast pork rib be also on the table , along with some pan with the dinner inside . jeff ( cont would ) all this look and smell really nice . wanda thank you . jeff 's radio gear be also on the table . and it 's on as well . some voice break off once in a while . david what can you get with this ? jeff everything . wanda which be ? jeff as you know , David , the police radio comm have be shut off . now the army be lead this , but they still collaborate with the police at a certain level , notably with some of we mount division . especially about the protection of the Royal family and the government . with this I can pick up they chat from they walkie-talky . and keep myself post about the situation . david why do you bring all that stuff in here ? jeff why not ? it 's better than a black tv screen . do not you think so ? david I do not know . jeff you do not know . I be not sure if you be really aware of the seriousness of the situation . 60 61 david I be , do not worry about it . I have survive many attack today . and I be probably the only one to have do so . jeff you luck out , David . that 's what you say . since this start you have be very lucky . and because of that you may believe that everybody else will be as lucky as you have be , and still be . you be the first man expose to the infection , and also the first one who survive a attack . so you begin with sort of a advantage . you be prepare when nobody else be . think about that . david say nothing . jeff ( cont would ) ( to he ) I need to talk to you privately . david all right . both man stand up . jeff ( to wanda ) it will not be long . you kid do not need to hear this . jeff and david leave the live . hallway jeff do you know what happen to I just outside , as I be walk to you house ? david no , what ? jeff I be attack by cat . 62 david cat ? jeff yes . infect cat . david how can animal get infect with this ? jeff how ? this start with that infect lab monkey you guy try to set free , right ? david I be talk about normal animal , not lab guinea-pigs . jeff what 's the difference ? a virus can mutate and adapt to any environment . Lab or not . david what do you know about it ? jeff it 's pretty obvious , you do not need to be a expert to know that . there be many dead body all across London now , you know , lie on the street . I guess cat and dog , also fox , come to that body and lick the blood off they . david of course . I have not think of that . jeff I think that the infection spread like this at night . most of the way . david my God . jeff as soon as I see that cat rush to I , they face ... I see that this would be real hell . 63 david we have to deal with infect human ... as well as with infect animal . jeff the army do not bother too much to take the body away . when it 's the first and most important thing they have to do . david do you see the body in front of the house , as you be come ? jeff ( after a pause ) I do see some , yes . david let 's go back . ext . buckingham palace - night the most important number of soldier have be deploy all around the big , long royal building . Inside and outside the property , on both side of the triple - lock gate , they stand on the sidewalk and pavement surround the building , pistol and machine gun and shotgun ready to be fire . there be also many officer from the police mount division , man and woman , young and old , slowly riding they horse , rifle in hand . the light have be keep on all around so they can see what 's happen . the show be impressive but it 's not for the tourist . and it 's not a show . once in a while a soldier take out a walkie-talkie and speak , soon imitate by another one , and so on . int . house - live room all they communication be capture by jeff 's gear . david and he be seat at the table again . ROBERT , emilia and vee be lie on the couch again . jeff sorry for be a terrible guest . 64 wanda it could be worse . jeff ( to wanda ) I do not even ask you what you do for a live . wanda I 'ma vet . jeff veteran of what ? wanda ( chuckle with david ) veterinarian . jeff oh! sorry . wanda it 's all right . david we both share love for each other , and for animal . jeff ( nodd ) yes . david and wanda 's hand join . dissolve to : ext . buckingham palace - night from the leave side , a infect one rush to a stand soldier , who turn he head and fire he machine gun . the thing drop , riddled with bullet . then the soldier use he radio . and keep watch . soldier ( in he radio ) mayday , I just nail one here ! they be come ! the the cop int . 65 alert increase . soon two more infect be put down by soldier . a few second later , another one be kill by a on he horse . live room the radio communication get intense . after a moment they get back to normal . jeff do you have a generator ? david no. jeff ( shrug ) that 's too bad . but it do not really matter . david , he wife and kid be still around the table with jeff . they have finish dinner . wanda what do you mean by that ? jeff what they have to say do not matter . unless something go badly wrong . and in case something serious happen to they at Buckingham or number 10 or any other key point of the city , they will have to cut off the power around , so the infect can not see they . david then they will use infra-re equipment . jeff exactly . all we can do be hope that they do not get overrun , so the power stay on . wanda and if they have to cut off the power , that we block do not get hit . 66 jeff if they cut off the power , they will hit all block . that guy do not move slow . ext . army quarter —- night wanda ( v.o. ) neither do the infect . as she say that , a soldier be chase by a snarling infect gal . the quarter be savagely attack . it 's a small , two - floor facility , desert by its usual staff and take by the army . some gunshot be fire , from pistol and machine gun , some infect one drop but they be quickly replace . the soldier run frantically , as fast as possible , from the mad girl who just keep run after he , without show any sign of fatigue . as we believe he may lose ' she ' , another infect rush he from a side . he 's throw to the ground , and the two infect fall down on he . immediately , they all get shot from nowhere . Inside the quarter the gunshot progressively die down . in the end there be no more shot . the attacker run away first , but they do not have time to go far . they get shot as well , systematically . after a very short moment the lie soldier who be still alive ... stand up again , quickly . infect . they all run away ... and get shot in they turn . the shoot come from a flat above . we can see the smoking end of two machine gun , but not that who hold they . int . police station ( buckingham ) —- MAIN room a police officer be receive a report by phone . police officer okay . thank you so much for you call . 67 the female journalist and she camera man be inside , work and broadcasting , talk to another police officer . the first one hang up . then he walk to the close soldier . police officer ( cont would ) one of you quarter just get attack . soldier ( he eye wide open ) this be impossible ! we have not receive any comm about this . and how do you know that anyway ? police officer I just receive a phone call . soldier a phone call from who ? police officer not from you friend . soldier witnesses then ? police officer I be afraid so . soldier do they tell you where ? police officer Northwest of the city . Close to wembley . soldier shit . he walk away . to a table with a group of other soldier in they uniform , stand by . one of they , a sergeant , pick up a device and call loudly . sergeant Captain hebron , do you copy ? 68 ext . number 10 - night the comm be not take by any of the numerous soldier stand by the building . it 's all quiet there . int . david be house - live room but it be capture by jeff 's gear . soon some other voice break off , make it a mess . a mess not loud enough to wake up the kid . wanda where be this come from ? int . police station sergeant ( put down he device ) there be no response . send a vehicle or a chopper over there . we need to know what happen . as he speak , some noise can be hear from the outside . shoot . sergeant ( cont would ) ( point at two soldier ) you two , go now ! get the chopper ! the two designate soldier rush to the back of the room , to a door they pass . hallway they go upstairs , climb some stair . ext . buckingham palace the soldier and mount police officer have to face another attack . the infect be more numerous than before . plenty of they drop very quickly from a big distance . one of they get closer and closer to a soldier who just run out of bullet . fortunately , as it 's about to reach he and 69 bite deep , the roaring creature drop , shot from aside by a mount cop with a shotgun . the lucky guy look up at the cop who just keep fire he shotgun , aim to the right , then leave , etc . so be all the other soldier and cop . the lucky guy reload and get back to it . int . police station which be also attack , in the meantime . six infect one ( among they ... two soldier ! ) manage to get inside , snarling with hunger and fury , blood drop from they mouth . everybody else inside freeze , gape at they with horror . the cameraman capture it , walk backwards . camera man oh , God ... the shoot start and the woman start yell . int . david be house - live room they can hear the heavy noise . the comm have not be cut off . wanda stand up , terrify . she find the force not to scream as well . int . police station the shoot continue , four infect drop dead , one soldier include , whatever on the floor or on the table . the other infect soldier suddenly turn to one of he mate who be stand close , stare at he / it with horror , unable to shoot . it rush he , they fall down on the floor and it bite he frantically at the throat , with extreme violence . the guy yell . the last infect civilian ( a woman ) rush to the scream woman and she camera man . he see it , she do not , too busy yell with terror and blow she ear . a soldier shoot at the monster with he machine gun but he 's panicked and miss many time , give it the opportunity to reach the two tv worker . the cameraman pass she and ... hit the snarling thing with he camera ! it 's not powerful enough to knock it down but it 70 give it the time to get finally shot , once . it 's throw against the wall by the impact . it stand up again , look dagger first at the still work and filming camera man , then at the soldier who get closer . he shoot it at point blank , in the head . in the meantime the last one be finish by its victim who manage to shoot it from under . his fellow soldier be around he and watch the infection make its effect . the woman be still yell , too terrify to be aware of anything , she camera man do not pay attention ; he come over to the scene and try to capture it but he 's keep away by two of the boy . soldier ( push he back ) go shut she up . the guy turn enraged , he eye turn red , some blood start drip off he mouth and nose . then he look around , at he ' mate ' , he face twisted , he tooth clinch . he do not have the time to attack . one of he mate put a gun on he . sergeant not in the head ! the guy aim at the thing 's chest and fire . int . david be house - live room the comm be still on but there 's no more noise . wanda sit back down . very slowly , she face very pale . the three kid be still asleep on the couch , far from everything . david ( to wanda ) maybe you could take the kid to bed . she nod , stand back up and walk away . 71 int . police station the soldier keep stand around they two dead mate , for a long moment . one of they move to the tv worker . the camera man be hold the sobbing woman tight . soldier you have have enough ? you almost get yourselves kill . camera man I know . it 's part of the job risk . soldier you still want to stay around ? camera man we need to cover this . do not worry about we . soldier ( gesture at the sobbing woman ) be you serious ? the camera man do not say anything more , the soldier look at they with despair and walk away . he join he group . the sergeant get to the table and pick up the radio . sergeant ( in he radio ) Delta 4 , do you copy ? voice copy , over . sergeant what 's you position ? int . army chopper - night soldier ( in he radio ) we be approach the location . eta , two . 72 sergeant ( v.o. ) good , keep we post . soldier what 's the situation on you side ? sergeant ( v.o. ) it 's not too good . we just lose three man . you guy be very careful , do not make it worse . over and out . ext . army quarter - night the helicopter approach the building , and soon hit the ground . five armed soldier come out , with they weapon point , two of they stay close to the chopper , the other walk to the building and can immediately see the damage . Dead body everywhere , on the pavement and sidewalk . Soldiers and civilian , with all they face twisted , and they eye blood red . soldier # 1 they have be shot ! all of they ! the other guy do not say anything . int . army quarter they enter the building . the light be on inside . there be no sound . more dead body on the floor . this time , only civilian . all infect and shot as well . and much blood on the floor and wall . they check the rest of the place , with the same result . other dead body , all civilian and infect . ext . army quarter they meet again just outside . again they check the body , all riddled with bullet . then they nod to each other and , without say anything , they look up . soldier # 2 there ! they follow the direction and all point they weapon at a light source from a flat above . the light source be point straight at they . 73 soldier # 1 who be you ? voice from above we be from the police ! soldier # 3 the police ?? voice from above yes ! we be come down , all right ? soldier # 1 all right ! hurry ! and be careful ! the light source vanish , they put they gun down . dissolve to : int . police station the sergeant be get a radio report . voice ( v.o. ) a massacre . no one survive . all of they be infect . I can not explain what happen . sergeant easy to explain . the infect come too many . they could not kill all of they . voice ( v.o. ) probably . and fortunately a couple of marry cop be live close by , they do the job . sergeant cop ? voice ( v.o. ) yeah . they show we they badge . sergeant good . all right , thank you . ( cut and put down the radio ) okay . we have no choice now , gent , we will have to cut off the power . 74 they all nod sadly . soldier we will have to let the population know about that . sergeant ( shrugging ) of course . ( point a finger at the tv worker ) bring they here . now we be gonna need that two shithead for once . int . david be house - live room jeff they will cut off the electricity . I be pretty sure about that . they do not have a choice . he take he flashlight out of he coat , and check it . wanda I will check what 's on tv . she stand up , and go to pick the tv remote control . as she use it to turn the tv on she quickly notice something burn in the chimney . the woman appear on the screen . she 's still inside the police station . wanda ( cont would ) come on guy , look at this ! david and jeff stand up in they turn and come over . david ( frown ) they be still broadcasting ? jeff ( look surprised ) apparently yes ... wanda ( frown ) she look different than before . 75 woman ... after suffer a couple of bloody attack , the army have decide to cut off the power throughout the city of London , but only during night time , in order to fight the threat more effectively . to the people who be watch this , and who do not have a generator , please get as many candle and flashlight as you can . the electricity will go off in five minute from now . take great care of yourselves , I wish all of you a normal , peaceful night anyway . we will be back on track first time next morning , at sunrise . the camera turn to a soldier stand by . soldier and of course stay home , all you door and window carefully lock . if you have party plan , postpone they and wait until the problem be solve . ( he eye drift to the woman ) come over , follow I . the camera follow the soldier and soon capture he dead mate on the floor . it zoom in on the twisted , bloody face . face of nightmare . david ( horrify ) Jesus . wanda be that what you see ? david yes . jeff I too . wanda we all do . david turn it off . I have see enough . 76 as wanda turn off the tv , david go back to he seat and hold he head in he hand . david ( cont would ) ( after a moment ) if even group of soldier can get infect , with all the weapon they have ... jeff yeah , but in the dark they will have the advantage . let 's hope they will eliminate the threat during this night . wanda we should all go to bed . david ( with a big sigh ) yes ... jeff that 's the only thing we can do now . I will turn this off . wanda I will take care of the fire . as jeff turn off he radio gear , wanda go to the chimney , squat by it , open its door . the thing burn inside be still there . it 's not a pile of wood . it 's something else . something roasting . wanda frown with disgust from the smell . as she give it a poke ... the thing move , very slightly . a part of it turn to she . wanda open she eye wide as she understand , but it 's too late . with a muffle growl , the roasting thing leap off the chimney and reach she hand . and bite . wanda scream with the burn pain , as well as with horror . david and jeff turn to she , to the ball of fire stick to she hand . 77 david wanda !! wanda ( still yell ) help I !! take that thing off I !! jeff take out he gun and point it . both man go to she , not know too much what to do . jeff wanda , stop move !! he get closer , aim carefully and fire . the thing be throw off wanda 's hand to the floor , where it start move and roll around furiously and frantically . soon it reach the back of the de and the long curtain , set fire to they . as jeff keep he eye on the still roasting and roll thing , david look down at he tremble , gasp wife . he squat by she . david baby ... you be okay ? wanda 's burn hand be bleed very bad , the blood come off it almost black . but soon the blood start come off from another part of she shaking body . horrify , david see he wife turn into the same kind of rabid thing he see before , at the lab . he stand up quickly , with a hiccup . in the meantime , jeff shoot the frenzy ball of fire again , kill it for good , as the curtain combust progressively , rather quickly . he manage to get they down on the floor and start work on the fire with he foot . and finally control it , surround by black , heavy smoke . he still can see what 's go on . wanda now infect , still on the floor , she husband walk slowly backwards , away from she , he face in total pain . he cough and wanda suddenly turn to he with a furious snarl . her face have totally change . her eye have turn blood red . 78 she 's finish . jeff put he gun on she . david ( cry out ) no !! do not do it ! jeff shut the fuck up , David ! keep away ! jeff keep he gun on she / it , as david keep walk backwards away , slowly . his face be in tear . the rabid thing keep its eye on jeff and he point gun . suddenly , at full speed , it bolt up and charge at jeff . he fire , as quickly . it get hit in the shoulder and be throw backwards , fall heavily on its back . that 's not enough to calm it down . jeff fire again , one more time , shoot it in the leg , so it can not rush he again . it roar with pain . the noise be awful . jeff ( he eye still on it ) David ... he get no response . jeff ( cont would ) David ? he look at he . david be like paralyze . unable to move and say a word . jeff ( cont would ) ( yell ) david !! david move a bit . and look at jeff . jeff ( cont would ) my blackjack be in my coat , on the chair . go take it and give it to I . david move to the other side of the table . he reach jeff 's coat and finally take the blackjack out of one of he inside pocket . 79 jeff ( cont would ) throw it to I . come on ! david throw the object to jeff , who catch it with he free hand . then jeff start walk to the mad thing on the floor , with much precaution , he point gun in one hand , he blackjack in the other . it can not rush he no more , but it still can spit blood towards he face . and he do not have he mask . the door open and ROBERT appear in the doorway , in pyjamas , not come in . he see he father first . ROBERT dad ...? what 's happen here ? what 's that smell ...? the smell get quickly too strong and he put a hand up to he mouth and nose , with a moan . they all turn to he , with totally different expression , as he look around the heavily smoky room . while jeff and david show total surprise , the thing on the floor snarl furiously , and , despite its shot leg , it charge at the kid , crawl frantically to he leg . jeff knock it on the head with he blackjack before it can reach the boy . he do it again , so it do not move any more . ROBERT , he hand still blow he nose , gape at what use to be he mother . it do not last long , david grab he and leave the room . jeff close the door before too much smoke run out . he put the blackjack on the table , then he look around , take out a pair of cuff and , he gun still on the unconscious creature 's head , he close they around one of its wrist and drag the bleed body until he tie the hand to a pipe run close to the floor , far away enough from the door . this do , he quickly move away from the body , take out a hankie and put it up to he nose , catch he breath through the still heavy smoke . he find he way back to one of the window . the one with no more curtain in front . with he two hand , he open it , then he open the shutter and immediately point he gun around . 80 it 's all quiet outside . not a movement , not a sound but some light wind . the street light be still on . not for long . the burn , smoking curtain be still lie on the floor , jeff have to turn he face away from the outside for two second as he pick they up , then he throw they out . the curtain end up ... on some human shape , move very close ! his face cover . jeff gasp with horror as the shape struggle to get rid of the big piece of tissue . as it finally do , it roar horribly at jeff , show a awfully rabid face , and big , blood red eye light up by the candle reflect in they . jeff manage to shoot it fast and it drop without a sound . jeff ( panting ) what the f...! shit ! still panting hard , he look down at the ground outside and see only the smoky curtain , partly cover the dead body just as a shroud would . as he do it , a card appear , fade in : 14 hour after virus outbreak the card be still on as ... the street light go off . total darkness outside . jeff ( cont would ) dammit ... he close the shutter , fast , and the card fade out . only a couple of second later , a thud hit it hard . he close the window , as david show up . david what happen ? another thud , this time muffle . jeff I have to open a window . david why ? 81 jeff what do you think ? Close the door ! ( as david close the door ) I have to , there be no more air . and I have to get rid of the curtain . david why do you fire you gun ? jeff do not you hear that ? david can hear the muffle bang on the shutter , with the snarling go with it . jeff ( cont would ) watch you wife . david I know . jeff stay away from she . david look down at she / it , still lie unconscious by the pipe , as jeff walk back to the table . he pick up he flashlight , turn it on and put it down on the burn little animal on the floor . david what do you think it be ? jeff ( shaking he head ) no idea . it could be anything , dog , fox , skunk ... one sure thing , it be very young . and it stink . he come closer to david and together they look down at what use to be call wanda . jeff put he gun on it . jeff ( cont would ) you decision . try to make it quick . david ( shaking he head ) I can not make such a decision now . 82 jeff yeah , whatever . she can wait . the first thing you need to do be make sure you son do not tell he brother and sister about what he see here . david yeah ... jeff can you handle that ? david I will have to . jeff examine the door . there be a lock on it . jeff do you have a key for this door ? david it 's upstairs . jeff okay , this door need to be lock for the night . so you kid do not have a chance to see they mother like this . ( david nod . ) and it would be better if you and you kid stay in the same room tonight . david sure . jeff all right . let 's extinguish the candle and go upstairs . come on . without keep watch the thing on the floor , jeff pick up he blackjack from the table , then david blow off one of the candle and ... the screen goe black . dissolve to : int . bedroom —- night david hold a candle as he silently enter the bedroom occupy by he two son . he check the two bed , ROBERT move to he . ROBERT dad ? david yes , Rob . you should be sleep . they almost whisper , all the way . ROBERT what happen ? david we have have some problem downstairs , but everything be okay now . ROBERT I mean , what happen to mommy ? david nothing happen to you mother . ROBERT I hear she scream ! david it be nothing . she 's busy downstairs , she 's fine . ROBERT why be she not here , with you ? david I just tell you , she 's busy downstairs . ROBERT I wanna see she . david you wanna go back to sleep . you will see she later . okay ? landing david come out of the bedroom , close the door ... and dissolves into tear , go down , he back against the wall . fade to black 83 84 fade in : int . david be house - bedroom - night jeff , hold a light candle in one hand , use the other to shake david who 's asleep on the floor , inside emilia 's bedroom , by she bed . jeff ( whisper ) David ...! David ...! david finally wake up . david yeah ...? jeff keep it down . it 's 6.30 . david what ...? er ... jeff it 's sunrise . david oh ... oh , yeah . jeff time of my round . I will need you help . ( as david groan ) sh-sh . do not wake she up . david I be come . jeff gimme you hand . david give he he hand and jeff help he up . jeff ( cont would ) let 's go . they leave the bedroom and close the door , silently . 85 landing jeff ( cont would ) ( hand he the cup with the candle on it ) take this . david take the cup , jeff take out he flashlight , turn it on . then he take out he gun . jeff ( cont would ) follow I . he start go down , he gun and flashlight point , david follow . jeff check the place as they go down . nothing to report . they reach the ground floor and stop by the door lead to the live . jeff keep the light on the lock . jeff have you make a decision ? david I do not think so . jeff why not ? david I be sleep . jeff that 's it ? david yes . that 's it . jeff you have to come with something about this . david not now . later . imagine some break news : a antidote , for instance ! 86 jeff ( shaking he head ) unlock the door . we need to check the news anyway . david nod , take out a key off one of he pocket . he unlock the door , as jeff cock he point gun . and as some snarl get hear . jeff get against the wall . jeff ( cont would ) stay behind I . david get against the wall behind jeff who push the door open , without go into the live . some heavy snarl , but no infect come out . jeff ( cont would ) ( nodd ) all right . we be go in . you stay behind I , and you do not show she you face . understand ? david yes . jeff nod , then he take out he riot mask and put it on - then , he gun and flashlight still point , he enter the live room , the thing in front of he , david carefully follow , a hankie up on he nose . the thing be half squatted , half lie , its arm still tie to the pipe . make more furious than ever by heavy blood hunger and the light , send straight to its face . jeff and david progress inside the room , away from it . jeff go on , switch on the tv ! david I would , if I know where the control be . jeff move he flashlight around , catch the device , david go for it . 87 jeff easy . david pick up the device , push a button and ... switch on the tv set . jeff ( cont would ) ( remove he mask ) the power be back on ! the channel be broadcasting , live from the Buckingham Palace area . with a big difference , it 's now show image from cctv camera around and inside the police station . alternate from one camera to another . david this do not look so good . jeff it 's still better than a black screen . david the tv guy must have be attack . jeff maybe they get home . david look at the door . jeff I see , they be all close . it do not mean a thing . david hope you be right . he change channel ... and find nothing else . david ( cont would ) great ! he get back to the only channel still broadcasting , before turn to the spot where what use to be he wife be stick . it 's still snarling hard . struggle as hard to turn loose . he can hear it suddenly vomit . david ( cont would ) oh , God ... 88 jeff hey David ... look at this . david turn back to the screen . they see a soldier enter the frame , follow by two people . they recognize the female tv journalist , follow by she camera man . the soldier knock three time on the police station 's entrance door , which be open from the outside . and the two tv worker walk out . the soldier close the door . only a few second later ... the light be turn on ! both man be totally catch off guard by this . so be ... a little boy , by something else . he start scream very loud , with terror . jeff and david turn around and see ROBERT in the doorway . the kid just see he mother . or what 's leave of she . david ( yell as well ) rob !! what the hell be you do here ? ROBERT mommy !! mommy , no !! his mommy roar furiously as a response , fight even hard to turn loose . her wrist be bleed hard under and around the tight brace . david get away from she ! jeff ( put he mask back on ) take he away ! he grab david , force he to he son as he stand between . david take ROBERT out of the room , jeff close the door . he still can hear ROBERT cry loud and David say : david ( o0.s . ) stop ! you will wake up the other ! then jeff look at the thing and have a gasp . what he see be horrible . what use to be wanda be lie in a large and thick pool of she own infect blood . blood from she two bullet wound and from she vomit . 89 the creature have change horribly , it 's nothing more than a human shape paint in red blood , with spoiled clothes and a tear face , in a grotesque position . as jeff take out he gun and put it on it , a card fade in : 18 hour after virus outbreak the thing almost calm down , ask for he to shoot . but he do not . instead he walk away , to the tv screen , put he gun down , remove he mask . the card fade away . the woman have start talk . she 's stand outside the station , with soldier surround she . woman the sun be rise over London now , and the electricity be just put back on all over the city by the army which unfortunately have to suffer some other attack and casualty during the night . the situation have not improve so the instruction remain the same for everyone , stay lock up in you home , do not open you door and window to anyone , and watch you youngest kid very carefully in case of bang on you door , so they do not open they . some other army unit be expect to come from other city , not only in England , but also from other country such as Belgium , France or Holland . London be declare yesterday in a state of siege , please do not misinterpret we presence on the street , they be totally dead except around some of the key spot like this one ... the camera turn to the Buckingham Palace area where a large quantity of gunman , mount or not , be gather . jeff ( shaking he head ) no good at all . 90 he turn away from the screen but can not find the remote , so he can not switch off the tv . as the woman keep talk , he put he mask on the ground , then he look for the wire and plug , he find they and unplug the set . then he pick up he mask , put it back on , manage to pick up the set and carry it out of the room , to the kitchen he manage to find the switch and to turn the light on , then he put the tv set on the table . david finally come back , and almost see a stranger with a mask on . until he hear he voice . jeff stay here . he have to go back to the live room and get he radio gear back . jeff ( as he leave the room ) Close this door and lock it for good . david do it , as jeff re-enter the kitchen with he gear . int . kitchen — morning the light be on , the shutter still close accord to instruction . jeff and david be alone around the table . jeff I guess we need to talk . david so do i. jeff how do it happen with the kid ? hallway 91 david you say you want to see she , well ... you do . I be sorry you have to see she like this . ROBERT you say she be okay ! david of course I say she be okay , what else be I suppose to say ? it be for you protection . it be very careless and stupid of you to follow we down here . ROBERT I do not understand . how do it happen ? david a animal ... it come down through the chimney . the smell from the grill probably attract it . it bit she in the arm . ROBERT you mean ... david she 's infect . she 's go . ROBERT oh no ... david I be so sorry ... ROBERT start sobbing , violently . david try to hug he , the kid turn loose , as he keep sobbing . david ( cont would ) Rob ... listen to I . stop cry . the boy can not stop . david ( cont would ) Rob ... please . 92 the boy start go upstairs , david try to stop he but the ROBERT turn loose again , keep go and cry . kitchen david ( cont would ) I will be in you room in a minute . jeff will he be all right ? david ( shaking he head ) I do not know . ( point at the tv set ) have you hear anything ? jeff yes , that journalist give she report . it 's bad , really bad . the soldier be on the edge . more of they be expect from other city and country , but ... you know , the more this be get serious , the more I be wonder if the infect have the ability to see clearly in the dark . david you mean , all they sense , like ... tenfold ? jeff not all , but ... some better vision . something like that . what do you plan to do ? about all this ? david ( shrugging with despair ) what would you do , except try to protect you kid from this ? I guess it all depend on you . jeff not on I . I will not do a thing . and even if I want to ... I could not . I can not even contact my wife and kid . there 's no way for I to know if they be okay . you know why . I get host by you and you family for only one night and I see this . 93 david what do you think we should do ? jeff except wait until something good come up ... I do not see anything . we can not get out of the house , we can not even open a shutter , it 's too dangerous . but I must try to contact the army and tell they to burn any dead body in sight . david I think they know it already . jeff but I do not believe they do it properly . I can bet that there still be body lie in front , and still intact . what about you , any idea ? david you mate be probably look for I again . jeff it 's a possibility . david it 's more than a possibility . but they do not know where I live . this house be under my wife 's name . I mean , she maiden name . not mine . and the army do not have any file on I . jeff so they will not find you ... david -..unless you call they about I . jeff I just tell you ... david I know . even if you want to ... you would not be able to . 94 jeff I would not help they anyway . I see you lose you wife and almost lose you eldest kid , all this within only a few hour . I will not add to it . they will find you , but without my support . david and I guess , not before some time . jeff ( nod ) you should go take care of you kid . I will set everything here . david all right . he stand up and leave the kitchen . as he 's about to pass the doorway , he turn to jeff . david ( cont would ) thank you . landing david get on the landing and slowly enter the boy ' bedroom ROBERT and vee , but also emilia , be together in the bedroom . they all walk to he and he hug they as hard as he can . the screen goe black . card : ten hour later 28 hour after virus outbreak fade in ext . street and sky of london - day a army helicopter fly over the city , as some army jeep and police car roll fast along the street , seem to converge to one point . the vehicle finally stop in front of 95 david' house the helicopter stand by in the air . a whole lot of soldier and policeman emerge from the vehicle , they gun point at the house but not only . there 's no word say loudly , through a speaker or anything else . there be gunshot and some infect drop in the distance . a policeman in he uniform finally walk to the entrance , alone . he bang on the door . the door open and jeff emerge . in civilian clothes . he close the door behind he . policeman David harkins ? ( as jeff nod ) you be under arrest . I guess you know what I be talk about . jeff I do . he put he hand in the air . policeman get on you knee . ( jeff get down on he knee ) hand behind you head . jeff put he hand behind he head , the policeman put he down to the ground and take out a pair of handcuffs he use on jeff 's wrist . as he do , there be some more gunshot . policeman ( cont would ) where be you wife and kid ? jeff you do not need they . take I away and let 's get this over with . policeman good idea . better than the one you have yesterday . 96 he take jeff away , push he inside one of the police car through the back , all the man get back inside the vehicle who leave the area with no delay , hunt by some infect run frantically . so do the chopper . back at the house ... another door open . the garage one . wanda 's car be park just in front . int . helicopter - day there be three soldier inside , the pilot and the co- pilot in front , and a gunman in the back , handle a big machine gun . co- pilot yes , what be you say ? over . voice get back to the house right now and waste it . co- pilot sorry ? voice the guy we just arrest be not the suspect . he 's one of we . co- pilot what ? voice you hear I , do not make I repeat . go back and tell you guy to have fun with he machine gun . make sure he hit the right house , and that he do not miss , not even once . we want the fucker dead . at this point , he family be expendable . over and out ! the pilot and the co- pilot look at each other , stunne . the helicopter turn around . soon it get back to where it be before , face the house . this time it turn 90 degree so the gunman can face the house and fire straight at it . then it stand by . the car be not in front of the house 's garage door any more . it 's go . nobody inside the chopper notice . 97 the guy pull the trigger and the house get riddled with heavy bullet for about forty second . int . house every front shutter and window fly into piece , the bullet and daylight break in the room , destroy everything inside , as well as the entrance door ... everything . what use to be call wanda be brutally hit a couple of more time , in the leg and abdomen , and it roar with the pain . another bullet hit its tie arm and brace , set it free ! ext . house the shoot finally stop , three army vehicle show up and stop by the destroy house . there be nobody , no civilian person , come out of any other house around . a whole unit of soldier emerge , some of the man enter the house through the doorless entrance , while the other look around , they gun point . int . house - hallway it 's dark but smoky inside , so the soldier progress very carefully , as silently as they can . some gunfire from the outside make they jump a bit , but they keep go . one of they find the switch and turn on the light , make the other turn around to he , in one go . one of the soldier fuck ! they all catch they breath , and keep go . none of they can see the blood on the floor , cover with dust and piece of concrete , plaster and wood . one of they reach the door lead to the kitchen , open it quickly , not go in , he gun point , two other guy behind pass he and inspect the room - which be almost intact . the same one open the door lead to the live room , not go in . Three guy behind pass he and enter the room . 98 int . house - live room none of they see wanda hide under the big table . despite she wound she suddenly jump from under and savagely bite the first soldier in the throat ! he yell like crazy , they both fall down on the floor , back in the hallway , the creature on he , bite deeper , always more frantically . the soldier be too surprised and shocked to react properly at once . the creature look up at they , they step back , despite its wound in the leg it manage to half stand up , stop in a incredibly threaten position , and they all fire . it 's throw backwards , riddled with bullet . they keep step back slowly as the bitten soldier convulse on the floor and finally turn to they as he start stand up , show they a twisted face and blood red eye . they fire again , before he can attack . dissolve to : ext . buckingham palace - day card , fade in : 28 hour after virus outbreak the soldier and mount policeman around the building face a massive attack , fire they gun non-stop . as they handle it , without we able to know the result , three helicopter slowly take off from behind the gate . the card be still on and add to itself , as the helicopter gain height . 28 hour after virus outbreak the royal family be evacuated . the government followed the day after and the exodus began . fade out .