after the wedding screenplay by Bart freundlich base on the film direct by susanne bier written by ander Thomas Jensen and Suzanne bier ext . calcutta india . from above - morning we soar above the busy , dilapidate city , towards the outskirt of town , where we close in on the remnant of what look like a ancient , abandon temple . int ./ ext . dilapidated temple , outskirt of the CITY isabel ( 39 ) , lead a meditation . she 's not native to this part of the world , though she skin be deeply tan and she hair be streak from the sun . her eye be close and she emit a subtle chant sound . her lid flutter and she eye open and look right at we . what she sees : sitting face she , be a dozen indian child attempt to meditate . one lie on he back look up at he hand , pretend they be a bird , fly over head . isabel stand and walk to he . she kneel next to he and look at he bird -hands . after a moment , she lie next to he . she whisper in ' bengali 's . isabel ( in bengali ) what kind of bird be that ? the 7 year old boy , jai , look at she and shrug he shoulder . isabel put she hand up in the air and make a bird of she own . they fly together . isabel ( cont ’d ) ( bengali ) why do not you sit up and meditate with the other and you can imagine as many bird as you like . jai ( bengali ) I do not want to close my eye today . isabel examine he precious face . isabel ok . but help I with the bell . Jai smile and excitedly scamper to he foot . he put he hand out to help isabel up . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 2 . Jai go to the front of the room and grab a bell . he look to isabel in anticipation , and she nod . with all he might , he shake the bell and a low ring emanate , signal the meditation be over . the other open they eye . Jai laugh at they surprised expression as they see it 's he with the bell . ext . dilapidated temple - day 3 like the pie piper , isabel lead the child out of the beautiful but break down temple , back into the rundown village street . title : after the wedding ext . calcutta STREET , impoverished area - later that day 4 isabel , Jai , and a few other child from the orphanage , ride in the back of a open pick up truck down a dusty street . a group of hungry local child chase the truck as it pull up in a open square and stop . the driver get out and the local kid surround the truck . isabel and the orphan begin they routine of serve a meal from giant pot ; rice and lentil . the hungry child wait with cup and get food ladle in . int . back of truck - late afternoon 5 the exhaust group ride back toward the orphanage . the sun have just set and the sky be a silvery blue . Jai be glue to isabel 's side as they all sing a song . int . / ext . orphanage - evening 6 isabel 's truck pull in . a french aid worker , jaque ( late 40' ) , be lay out some supplies he have bring in a van . isabel 's truck pull in and she hop out , anxiously . isabel ( to jaque ) what do you get ? she blow by he to check out the supplies . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 3. jaque ( sarcastically ) it 's nice to see you ... isabel look through what he 's bring . she pick up some sheet . isabel where be the bed ? the food ? and there be suppose to be school supplies . jaque we can hang hammock . temporarily . a beat as they look at each other . jaque ( cont 'd ) it 's all I could get . for the money . she look at he slightly confuse , then shake she head and march away . int . orphanage office - moment later 7 isabel march in . isabel where 's the money we be promise ? how long be we suppose to wait ? the director of the orphanage , preena ( 60' ) , sit at she desk , go over some paperwork . she remove she glass and take a deep breath . preena they want you to go meet with they . isabel what ? preena in New York . to tell they why we be a worthy cause . isabel be take aback . isabel how many hoop be we suppose to jump through ? preena watch she . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 4 . preena they money , they term . this infuriate isabel . isabel well , I be not go to go teach compassion when the kid need I here . tell they to go save the fuck whale . isabel head out the door . preena they want to give we 2 million dollar . isabel be stop by the number . she and preena look at each other . ext . country road , oyster BAY , long island - late 8 afternoon from above , we follow a luxury sedan as it wend it 's way down a country road . int . theresa 's car - continuous 9 theresa young ( 51 ) , drive she car while the radio blast , Lady gaga . she speed around a turn , then down a narrow strip of road , border by a beautiful bay . ext . theresa 's driveway - same 10 a big beautiful estate , with gorgeous landscape and a few impressive sculpture scattered around the grounds . theresa 's car wind its way down the driveway . int . theresa 's car - day 11 as the car approach the house , gaga be interrupt by the phone ringing . the screen in the car read : office . theresa pick up on speaker . theresa gwen , what be it ? I be just pull in . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 5 . the voice of gwen , theresa 's assistant come through the speaker . gwen I have Simon and Tanya for you . theresa come to a stop in front of the house . theresa ok , great . put they on . she turn the car off and take the call on she phone as she get out . ext . theresa 's driveway / front of house - continuous 12 theresa step out of the car and balance she bag and a few file . we hear a voice leak through the other end . she stand look out at she beautiful yard while she listen to Tanya and Simon . theresa ( into the phone ) no , no , Tanya , it 's ok . you do not need to sell they , just guide they through it . and give they all the information they be ask for . what else ? theresa open she front door and walk inside . int . house , foyer - continuous 13 she walk through the beautiful entryway still on the call . theresa hang on , we need Bill on this call . she put she file down and head toward the kitchen as she continue the call . int . live room - continuous 14 theresa walk through the gorgeous live room . wall line with art . mid-century modern furniture , a piano . a fire be light in the fire place . theresa ( phone ) can you shoot he a email ? ( more ) pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 6 . theresa ( cont 'd ) I do not want to go through this twice so call I tomorrow and we can go over it together . 15 int . kitchen - continuous 15 theresa open the door to the kitchen to find cibele , housekeeper / baby-sitter , clean up dinner . theresa mouth '' where be the boy ? '' . cibele point up stair . theresa ( phone ) gwen can you stay on a minute ? she head out of the kitchen . 16 int . estate hallway / stairway 16 theresa head up the stair . theresa ( phone ) get Bill on first thing tomorrow , then get I . 17 int . house upstair hallway / landing 17 theresa ( phone ) be cahill at home or in the office ? text I he cell please . thank you . she hang up . let 's she gaze linger through a window down onto the sprawling yard , where we see the beginning of a party set up . theresa take a breath then : theresa ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) chicken ! I be home ! 18 int . twin boy' room - evening 18 theresa walk in to find she 8 year old twin boy , otto and Theo play a video game . theresa what 's go on here ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 7. twins ( distract by the game ) hi mom . theresa look at the screen as the boy 's avatar fight each other . theresa you know I do not like this game . they groan a little . twins dad say we could . theresa well , now mom 's home . minute later all three sit together on the floor , the boy on either side of theresa as she read they a book . '' meet my staff '' . she do all the voice . they lean on she . int . new york CITY art gallery - evening 19 a sculpture exhibit be be install . oscar carlson , ( early 40' ) , somewhere between artist and construction worker , meticulously measure , hoist , and tinker with the lighting . some mover and gallery staff stand by to help . he climb down off the ladder and approach a tower look sculpture make of balanced rock . he watch how the light that now slowly rotate above illuminate the rock structure . he take a step back and look . everyone wait . oscar it 's catch at about 12 o’clock he look at the beam above where the light hang . oscar ( cont 'd ) we may need to re-rig so the power cord can run vertically . the worker take a deep breath . oscar take a further step back and we see now there be a translucent pattern curtain with a hole in it through which the audience be mean to view the sculpture through . as he look : pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 8 . oscar 's phone ring . '' gracie '' call . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) hi Bunny . 20 int . gallery / ext . new york restaurant terrace 20 grace ( 0.s. ) hi daddy . grace carlson be 21 , pretty in a tender way . she 's dress for a night out . oscar be happy to hear from she . oscar what 's go on ? grace nothing . just get marry this weekend . oscar yeah , not that big a deal . she hang on the line . look behind she to a whole group of friend all drink and eat together . they be rowdy and make a ton of noise . jonathan ( 26 ) , attractive in a conservative way , beckon she back over . jonathan c’mon Grace ! milly buy we a round of shot . oscar sound like fun over there . grace kind of ... she 's clearly not into it . oscar can read she . oscar ( comforting ) it 's go to be perfect . Mom have everyone work at maximum efficiency . he laugh and Grace smile warmly . a quiet moment . the group beckon Grace again . grace how 's the show look ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 9. oscar work in progress . thanks for ask . grace thank you daddy . I just want to say hi . oscar I love you . grace Love you too . she let out a little excited - nervous sound . oscar laugh . 21 int. / ext oscar 's truck - grand central parkway - night 21 oscar fly down the highway with the music blaring and window open . he sing . 22 ext . centre island road , oyster BAY - house driveway . 22 oscar 's truck pull in the driveway . 23 int . theresa / oscar 's bathroom - night 23 theresa soak in a bubble bath with she ipad propped up on the side of the tub and a glass of wine in she hand . oscar walk in , a puzzle look on he face . oscar what 's wrong with the boy ? why be they read ? theresa ( take off she glass ) do you tell they they could play mortal kill ? oscar mortal combat . I may have . he give she a face . she roll she eye . he sit on the edge of the tub and lean in for a kiss . theresa ( be : show ) so , how do it look ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 10 . oscar never quite like I imagine . she 's use to hearing this . theresa ( the work be beautiful ) , it 's go to be great . just try to relax and enjoy it . he smile at she and take she foot out of the tub . he rub it . oscar Gracie , call . I think she want some reassurance . she sound nervous . theresa I guess it run in the family . he smile . oscar be you nervous ? theresa be you nervous ? oscar Excuse I for a minute , I have to take this ... he take she foot and use it like a telephone . oscar ( cont 'd ) hello ... sorry , she 's too nervous to talk . she laugh and try to pull she foot away . theresa that tickle ... seriously . she start to laugh and struggle . he hold it tighter and bite up she leg . she grab he hand to stop he . he let himself slide into the tub , all he clothes on . she be shocked and let out a scream of surprise . he pull she close and they kiss passionately . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 1 . int . isabel 's bedroom , india - middle of the night 24 a slight breeze blow , gently sway she curtain . isabel lie in bed awake . jaque sleep next to she . a scream from the other room . isabel sit bolt upright . int . bunk room , orphanage - middle of the night 25 about 20 bed , as well as some make shift bed on the floor and some hammock . Jai be stand next to he bed cry . isabel rush in , follow closely by jaque . Jai who look at isabel guiltily , then down to he tatter short which be wet in the front . some of the other child sit up and look . isabel go to he . she see the mattress be soak through . isabel Jai , it 's okay ... she try to calm he , then turn to jaque . isabel ( cont 'd ) ( to jaque ) get I some sheet , ok ? jaque nod and exit . isabel ( cont 'd ) ( to the other in bengali ) go back to sleep . she hug jai. isabel ( cont 'd ) ( comforting ) shhh ... shhh . I be right here . int . isabel 's bedroom - 3 am 26 she sit on the edge of she bed , exhaust . jaque lay a hand on she back . isabel I be not go to leave he . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 12 . jaque nod . isabel ( cont 'd ) ( strongly ) do you hear I ? jaque I do ... jaque think . jaque ( cont 'd ) why do not I go New York and meet with they ? you can fill I in and I 'il take they through it . she look at he . jaque ( cont 'd ) it 's on my way to Argentina . sort of . 27 int . orphanage office - day 27 isabel and jaque sit opposite preena , who be on the phone with the money people in New York . isabel be anxious to hear what they will say . preena ( into the phone ) yes . I understand . of course . she hang up and look at isabel . preena ( cont ’d ) it have to be you . isabel get agitate . isabel why ? that 's ridiculous . preena be we really in a position to ask why ? isabel stand and walk out . 28 ext . trail through the wood , near theresa and oscar be 28 house - morning theresa , be take a morning walk through the wood while she talk on she headphone . a29 29 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 13. theresa ( into phone ) what 's they response to the truncate retention period ? she listen . theresa ( cont 'd ) that 's not go to work . we can give on the defer compensation , but the retention period be non-negotiable . she listen . wider . we see the beauty of the path . Bill lay out the term he will go back with . theresa slow as she see something up ahead . a massive tree that have fall in last night storm , split at the base of its trunk . theresa ( cont 'd ) ok , I be on my walk . I be go to call you back from the car . she hang up and approach the tree which block the path . at the tree : theresa be dwarf by it . she examine it , walk down the length until she get to where it split . it 's a violent but beautiful sight ; splinter wood , root with moss still attach point up to the sky , tree sap hang on the point of the razor sharp break in the wood . she touch it in fascination . a little sap on she finger . she let they stick together . then , just over to the side , she spot something else . a bird nest on the ground . theresa go over to it and bend close . she clear away some leave to see the carefully make nest have shard of break blue egg in it . she touch one gently , then look up in the sky . a bird circle above . a plane cut through the sky a29 int . AIR india , first CLASS - day 29 isabel sit uncomfortably amongst mainly business people . 30 31 32 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 14 . she look at they face . so different from that of the child she 's just leave . she look out the window and flash back to earlier in the day . int . / ext . india - earlier that day 30 Close on isabel 's hand in Jai 's hand as they walk together . we wander up to he face which look tense and sad . jai will you be back for my birthday ? she look at he tenderly . isabel what do I tell you ? jai you do not miss birthday 's . she smile . isabel that 's right . int . AIR india 31 on isabel look out at the sky , think . ext . orphanage - earlier that day 32 the child all crowd around she as she take she bag and put it in a cab . jaque stand on the other side of they , look at she . he give she a wave . she offer a tense smile . isabel hug preena . isabel ( to preena ) check on he . every night . preena we be here long before God bring you to we isabel . isabel take a deep breath . 33 34 35 36 37 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 15 . isabel I be come back with a suit case full of money . int . JFK airport , baggage claim 33 isabel exit with the throng of people . get to the other side of custom . a chauffeur await , with a sign : '' isabel andersen '' . she approach . he take she bag from she and lead the way . ext . orphanage - earlier that day 34 isabel 's taxi pull away . the child from the orphanage run next to it , yell they good - by . she wave . int . tesla / ext . new york CITY 35 Inside the car , be every conceivable New York news publication . isabel pick up '' the New York Post '' . some horrific political scandal on the back . she put it down and pick up '' the Wall Street Journal : '' market bullish over tax plan '' . not she world . she roll down she window . from the '' kosciusko '' Bridge . Manhattan in all it 's glory off to the west . ext . bowery HOTEL - day 36 the car pull up in front of this chic bowery Hotel . the manager of the hotel wait to greet isabel . a bellman at she side . as isabel get out , the manager approach . manager miss andersen . the manager put she hand out and lead she into the hotel . int . bowery lobby - continuous 37 they breeze through the chic lobby , not stop at the front desk . 38 39 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 16 . int . bowery HOTEL , elevator 38 they ride up in the elevator . manager everything be prepare for you stay . the reach '' ph '' and the door open . int . bowery HOTEL , penthouse 39 the manager lead isabel inside . manager it 's one of we penthouse suite . live room , bedroom , one and a half bath . full kitchen . the place be stun and fancy . the manager walk to the fireplace . manager ( cont 'd ) this be gas and operate with a switch . she ignites one then continue the tour . manager ( cont 'd ) fully stock refrigerator and kitchen . she open the door to the fridge : it be pack . manager ( cont 'd ) we could not get a answer on what you like , so we have to do some guess work . anything that be miss , please let we know . isabel be look out the window at the city scape , only hearing half of what the manager have say . manager ( cont 'd ) the shade be all control by remote control , from this ipad , here . the manager hand she a cell phone . manager ( cont 'd ) this be you cell phone . there be a car at you disposal . my number and the driver be both program . the manager smile . 40 4l 42 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 17 . manager ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l let you get you bearing . and , welcome . the manager head out . isabel be leave alone . she take a deep breath , then walk over to the refrigerator and open it . there be a ridiculous amount of food and drink . she shake she head at the excess . int . / ext . oscar' studio - on property - day 40 a large shed like building with a little courtyard . we can see the house in the background . the courtyard and the studio be fill with sculpture and tool . some be large . some make of wood , some stone . there be also a kiln in the corner with block of clay and pot in various stage of be glaze . oscar stain a wood piece , that stand about as tall as he . we can not quite see it in it 's entirety . his phone ring : '' theresa '' . int . outside horizon conference room - same 4l theresa have step out of a meeting to call oscar . int . oscar' studio / int . outside horizon conference room42 theresa I think I forget to tell the caterer no sesame or nut . oscar I do it . theresa thank god . and I be worried about the lobster risotto . I think I pressured she into it . oscar she need to have something to resent we about . let it be the lobster risotto . oscar breathes a sigh of relief . oscar ( cont 'd ) also , I get a call from the fire Marshall . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 18 . silence . theresa oh shit . what do he want ? oscar he 's ask we to cut down the firework by half . theresa oh c’mon . I x11 call he . ( pause ) do you get a car for you parent ? theresa ( cont 'd ) oscar ? oscar I be kid , I do it . he jot down '' car for parent '' . theresa ok . I gotta get back to work . oscar wait . theresa what ? oscar why be this happen ? theresa Cause it 's what she want , baby . oscar do not mean it 's a good idea ... theresa be this what you be think about when you be up last night ? oscar how do you know I be up last night ? theresa well , it 's a big deal . 43 44 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 19 . int . bowery HOTEL - day 43 the elevator open and isabel step out . she have clean up and wear a nicer outfit but still look out of place . she carry a folder and a dvd . Jonathan , who we see at the bar with Grace , approach isabel . jonathan you must be isabel . she 's take aback . jonathan ( cont ’d ) I be Jonathan . he extend he hand and she shake it dubiously . jonathan ( cont ’d ) I be here to take you to you meeting . she look at he . isabel ok . they look at each other awkwardly for a moment . he smile and extend he arm as if to say , ' after you 's . ext . bowery HOTEL - continuous 44 they emerge onto the busy street . jonathan how 's the hotel ? be you comfortable ? isabel yes . he seem happy . jonathan good . I choose it myself . they arrive at the curb and Jonathan raise he hand , beckone the tesla which wait at the corner . Jonathan open the door which swing upward , like a spaceship . isabel be startle . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 20 . int . tesla - minute later 45 isabel try to get she window down but can not seem to find the right button . Jonathan help . jonathan be it the french spelling ? she look at he . jonathan ( cont ’d ) ( with accent ) '' isabelle . '' isabel isabel . jonathan ah , that 's not the french . another awkward moment . isabel look out at the city . jonathan ( cont ’d ) have you ever meet theresa ? isabel no . jonathan she 's very impressive . she build ' Horizon 's from nothing 22 year ago , and now it 's one of the biggest media buy company in the world . isabel media buy ? jonathan we connect brand to consumer and vice versa , through a understanding of demographics and psycho-graphics . isabel look at he blankly . isabel so , what do you sell ? jonathan whatever the client be sell . she nod , half understanding . 46 47 48 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 21 . jonathan ( cont ’d ) it 's theresa 's brain child . do not be intimidate by she . that 's a mistake . isabel sound like you know she well . he smile . jonathan I have work at the company for 4 year . ( admit ) and she 's my mother in - law ... or will be on Saturday . I be marrying she daughter . isabel oh. congratulation . jonathan ( happy ) thanks . int . horizon waiting area - day 46 isabel sit , wait . modern and beautiful . lot of glass . stun view of the city . after a moment , theresa 's executive assistant , gwen ( 30' ) , approach isabel . gwen isabel . she stand . gwen ( cont 'd ) follow I . int . horizon office hall and stair - continuous 47 isabel follow gwen down the labyrinth modern hallway - up a staircase , past wall of glass and employee . and finally : int . hall just outside theresa 's private conference room 48 gwen and isabel arrive and stop . Glass window allow we to see in . Inside , theresa be just finish up a meeting with simon ( 43 ) , tanya ( 55 ) and Bill ( 60 ) , she lawyer . they have someone on a conference call . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 22 . gwen sorry , they be almost finish . can I get you a water ? isabel no , thank you . a phone on gwen 's desk ring from down the hall . gwen Excuse I . gwen hustle to get it . isabel wait awkwardly shifting she gaze between the conference room and the view out the window . we can just hear theresa and the other though they be mute by the glass . theresa ( into the phone ) christine ... ( get irritate ) christine ! here be the important point . the valuation potentially change if this leak into next quarter . if get it do quickly mean concede a few of this point , then do it . theresa see isabel . theresa ( cont 'd ) I need to go . simon ( into speaker phone ) Tanya and I will call you back in a bit with some suggestion . he hang up . theresa look at she team . theresa ( to she team ) I be not sure why we hire someone to guide we through the process , who we now need to guide through the process . tanya she 's just not a great communicator . but she 's be through this before with other company , which be valuable . theresa head out of the conference room toward isabel . +e pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 22a. theresa okay . but can we think about renegotiate she fee because we be do most of the work here . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 23 . Tanya nod . theresa stand and exit the conference . 49 int . hallway outside conference room 49 theresa approach isabel . theresa you must be isabel . isabel nod with a tense smile and theresa extend she hand . theresa ( cont 'd ) theresa . theresa take she in for a moment , then look out the window . theresa ( cont 'd ) on a clear day you can see New Jersey from here . do not know why you have want to . isabel do not get it . theresa ( cont 'd ) let 's go to my office . 50 int . horizon , theresa 's office 50 isabel and theresa walk in . beautiful furniture , a wall of wood and a huge photograph of the ocean above she seating area . theresa you have a long trip . isabel nod . theresa ( cont 'd ) please sit . isabel sit . theresa ( cont 'd ) be it comfortable ? isabel it be fine . theresa nod and take a seat opposite isabel . she get down to it . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 24 . theresa so , I watch the video that my group bring back from India . isabel what 's really go on there can not be understand though a video . theresa it give a sense . isabel there be over two hundred thousand child prostitute in the south alone . and five time that amount suffer from malnutrition . the number triple when you go the bigger city . isabel take a paper out of the folder she be hold . she hand it to theresa . it have figure , number and graph . theresa look at it while isabel continue . isabel ( cont 'd ) ( bitter ) hundred of thousand die from minor illness , infection . completely preventable , with very little money if someone have the inclination . theresa study she . theresa it 's infuriate be not it . isabel take back by the question . theresa ( cont 'd ) because it 's preventable . gwen pop in . gwen sorry to interrupt . I have the caterer on the line . they want to know if they can use mussel and shrimp for the risotto . there 's a lobster shortage . theresa be there a lobster shortage , or can they not get enough lobster ? she stand there . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 24a . gwen I be not sure . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 25 . theresa well , then let I know when you find out . the assistant retreat to call the caterer . theresa ( cont 'd ) you have catch I at a busy time . my daughter be get marry this weekend . isabel yes . I meet you son-in- law . theresa Jonathan . theresa stand and pick up a frame photo of Grace . theresa ( cont 'd ) Grace be young . but she say she 's in love . I could fight she on this and tell she she 's too young and have she hate I - I have try that . or I could give she a beautiful wedding . theresa hand isabel the frame picture . isabel look down at it . a beautiful picture of Grace stare back at she . theresa ( cont 'd ) do you have kid ? isabel shake she head , ' no '. theresa ( cont 'd ) partner ? isabel no . my work be all consume . theresa I understand . I really want a family . I think a lot of woman believe it 'il just happen on its own . isabel be not sure if this be a criticism . theresa ( cont 'd ) but personally , I think if you want it , you have to make it happen . I have 2 little boy too . I work hard for they . theresa take the picture back and replace it on the shelf . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 26 . isabel try to refocus the conversation . she reach into she bag and pull out another folder . isabel I have a list of priority here . eventually we would like to take in three time the number of child . theresa glance at the folder then walk to she desk as isabel continue . isabel ( cont ’d ) Change we food program . subsidize and buy from local farmer . vaccinate . which could be do for under 5 dollar per child . theresa nod . theresa what you be do be very impressive . it 's important work . isabel give a tense smile . theresa ( cont 'd ) but there be a lot of good , deserve organization out there . I need some more time to think . isabel be surprised and annoyed . isabel what ? I ... I be under the impression that you have already decide to be involved . she grab the graph off of the table . isabel ( cont ’d ) ( get upset ) look at the information . the need be undeniable . theresa I have a big weekend ahead of I and I feel like I need the time . leave the folder . Monday we will have lunch and I 'il let you know what I can do . isabel be fume , but hold it in . 51 52 53 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 27 . theresa ( cont 'd ) in the meantime , come to the wedding . we can get to know each other better . isabel I be head directly back to India . theresa stay the weekend will not kill you . it 's a big party . you will not be uncomfortable , I promise . isabel be stick . the door open and she assistant come in come in . theresa ( cont 'd ) gwen , get isabel a invitation to the wedding . gwen right away . and Dr. cahill be here for the insurance work up . isabel I need a physical ? theresa not you . me. there be a lot of hoop to jump through when you be sell you company . see you tomorrow . theresa smile at she . the doctor be show in . isabel walk out . we go with she . int . horizon , hallway 51 isabel make she way out . we stay close on she as she make she way through the maze like office toward the front . hard to read she . int . horizon , elevator bank - continuous 52 as isabel approach the elevator bank , she suddenly bail out through the emergency exit and into the back stair well . int . horizon , back stairwell 53 isabel take off she shoe and begin run down . 54 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 28. ext . theresa and oscar' house , driveway and lawn - day 54 a lot of action on the lawn . truck in the driveway , people set up for the wedding . theresa 's car wend down the long driveway toward the big house . it stop and theresa get out . she head across the lawn toward oscar , who be speak to the wedding planner , melinda . she look slightly frantic . before theresa can get to they , the twin , otto and theo ambush she . her face light up as they run into she arm . she bend to scoop they up and they almost all topple over . she laugh . theresa hello my little cookie ... she cover they in kiss . they laugh and resist - and love it . theresa ( cont 'd ) chocolate chip ... and peanut butter ... twins no ! not peanut butter ! theresa oh that 's right , someone be allergic ! sugar then ... she pretend to eat they cheek . they point to the sky where a a hi-tech drine with a camera mount soar above they . twins Mom , mom . look . the man let we fly it . I be make it go . theresa watch as the drine fly back to the young man who be control it . theresa wow ! just do not fly away . twins it 's not for people ! it 's go to take picture of the wedding . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 29 . theresa look over at oscar who be engage with the wedding planner melinda . theresa ohhh I see . have you see you sister ? twins she tell we to stay away from she . theresa well , bride be crabby . theresa stand . theresa ( cont 'd ) go ask that man if you can fly it again . they run off . theresa walk to oscar . 55 ext . lawn 55 theresa walk up to oscar . they smile at each other in acknowledgement of how much be go on . oscar I nix the ice sculpture . melinda 's have a fit . they look over at some huge ice sculpture which be be carry away around the side of the house . melinda be frantically point to the man where to put they . theresa and oscar watch she . theresa I guess this be not the time to tell she we need one more chair . oscar look at she , quizzically . theresa ( cont 'd ) somebody from work . oscar sigh . oscar I think I just will not tell she and add it when she 's not look . another scream . the boy be buzzing melinda with the drine . she be ducking . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 30 . theresa where 's Gracie ? oscar look toward the epic tent . another kiss . ext . wedding area , back of house - minute later 56 lush and beautiful . tables be be set , flower place . theresa see Grace count chair , excitedly and anxiously . theresa take Grace in for a moment then approach she . Grace turn and see theresa and give she a wide , nervous smile . theresa smile back . they go to each other and hug . grace can you believe this be happen ? theresa no , I can not . be you okay ? any doubt ? grace you wish . theresa hold she face and look right at she . theresa no . I wish what you wish . Grace smile and hug she mom again . grace thank you . theresa I do not see what would be so wrong with just live together for a year ... Grace have hear this before . grace really ? theresa and , he 's not as good look as you . she 's clearly use to this . grace anything else ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 31 . the look at each other deeply again . theresa yes . you 'il always be mine . remember that . this clearly touch Grace , but she try to slough it off , but it make she emotional . grace you be honestly the worst . and try , if you can to get all of you cry do before the wedding , because it set I off . theresa put she hand up like she be take a oath . int . house , stairway 57 theresa walk up the stair . int . theresa and oscar 's bedroom 58 theresa enter the bedroom . she walk through the room into she dress room / closet . int . theresa 's dressing room / closet 59 it 's big enough to be another bedroom . meticulously organize . her dress for the wedding hang on the far side of the closet , ready for tomorrow . she take off she shoe . at her bureau , she remove she earring and other jewelry . place it on a tray . next to the tray we see the bird nest with the three little crack egg in it , that she bring back from she walk . theresa open a drawer where she keep a pill box with pill / vitamin divide into daily dose . she grab '' Friday '' , put the pill in she mouth , and swallow they without water . on the closet window , we hang on a empty frame . theresa walk up to the window . expression unreadable . theresa 's view outside pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 32 . she look out at the big oak tree . branch outstretch like arm . she breathes in . breathes out . breathes in . breathes out . then out the window , what look like a bird , fly over the tree . she lean closer to discover it 's the drine . it fly high above the tree , swoop this way and that . we hear the child 's giggle from below . theresa close she eye and we see : the drone Pov swoop , beautiful aerial of the tree , the house , the people below . and it climb , up , and up , and up . back on theresa she open she eye and she face break into a cry . she cover she mouth to muffle it . int . aerial shot of lower manhattan 60 we close in on the bowery Hotel penthouse . ext . bowery HOTEL - evening / ext . india orphanage 61 isabel be out on the balcony look over the city , on the phone with Jai . isabel yes , it 's big . but also small . all the building be squeeze together into a small , small space . jai would I like it ? she seem to actually reflect on the question . look out . isabel one day maybe you will see it for yourself . jai be there bird ? isabel look out at the pigeon . isabel kind of . but not like we be use to . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 33 . she stand and look through the glass into the room where two housekeeper have let themselves in . view inside the room housekeeper be follow by the Hotel manager . they carry 2 different dress on hanger . isabel look puzzle . the manager wave and direct housekeep to hang the dress so they be on display . jai when will you be back ? isabel look through the window at the dress . isabel as soon as I can . but you need to set a example for the other while I be go . he nod , though of course she can not see it . isabel ( cont 'd ) can you hand the phone to preena ? jai okay , goodbye Ms. isabel . Jai hand the phone off . preena so , what do you think ? isabel I think we could get 100 new bed for what they be pay for this hotel suite . preena I hope this be not too good to be true . isabel I be not come back without ... preena --. a suitcase of money . I know . isabel yes , I 'il call you soon . 62 63 64 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 34 . int . bowery HOTEL penthouse - continuous 62 isabel enter . isabel what 's this ? the manager stand in presentation . manager Ms. Young think you might need a dress for the wedding . isabel take they in . ext . theresa and oscar' house - wedding day - afternoon 63 the grounds look beautiful . lantern line the driveway . around back , the ceremony be about to start . ext . theresa and oscar' back yard - same 64 theresa , oscar , and Grace , all dress in they wedding attire . they stand on a little brick patio in front of a small greenhouse ; wait . about 50 foot away , the guest be seat , wait . oscar and theresa stand on either side of Grace . they look across at she , and then anxiously to each other . Grace look straight ahead , avoid they gaze . theresa reach up to Grace to fix a stray hair . Grace pull away annoyed . grace please ... theresa nod . they settle back into wait . after a moment : oscar you look beautiful , sweetheart . grace you have tell I that ... a lot . ( thank you ) theresa well , it 's true . Grace take a deep breath . 65 66 67 68 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 35 . grace ( tense ) thank you ... again . wait . then music begin . they jump , startle . then gather themselves , and begin walk . ext . house , back lawn - continuous 65 about 75 people . everyone turn to see the bride and she parent as they walk up the isle . Jonathan smile as he wait at the front , next to the Buddhist monk who will be preforming the ceremony . people take out they phone to take some picture and video . on Grace , all smile as she arrive next to Jonathan . her parent kiss she , then take they seat . look between the bride and Groom , we see the beautiful stone sculpture oscar be finish earlier . it 's a abstract depiction of 2 entwine body . somewhere between Picasso and giacometti . ext . parkway - same 66 the tesla sit on the Grand Central parkway in terrible traffic . int . tesla - continuous 67 isabel be dress nicely but still in she own indian flavor outfit , have opt not to wear theresa 's dress . she anxiously try to look past the traffic . driver we might be a little late , but I will not let you miss it . up ahead we see a State patroller deal with a stop vehicle . ext . parkway 68 the tesla drive up on the shoulder and scoot around the mess , then take off down the freeway . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 36 . ext . house driveway - afternoon 69 the tesla pull in . the door flip open and isabel rush out . one of the wedding staff point she toward the house . she kick off she shoe and run up toward the wedding . ext . house , back yard , wedding area 70 the monk deliver the vow . monk remember to be patient with yourselves and other , know that change come slowly and gradually . seek inspiration from you family and friend . theresa and oscar sit in the front , a mixture of nerve and excitement . a usher quietly show isabel to a seat in the back . a few people turn to look at she . she smile uncomfortably and try to focus on the ceremony . monk ( cont 'd ) to make you relationship work will take love . this be the core of you marriage and why you be here , today . in front : theresa put she hand on oscar 's leg . oscar look at theresa and smile . in back : isabel take it all in . gradually , she eye fall on oscar 's profile . she freeze . monk ( cont 'd ) it will take trust , to know , that in you heart , you truly want what be best for each other . it will take dedication , to stay open to one another - and to learn and grow together . heart beat out of she chest , isabel lean in subtly try to see oscar more clearly . monk ( cont 'd ) it will take faith , to go forward together , without know exactly what the future bring . and it will take commitment , to hold true to the journey you both have pledge to today . 71 a72 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 37 . again on oscar 's profile from isabel 's perspective . Quick cut . feet running on the beach swimming in the dark ocean two body intertwined on a beach . back to present isabel quickly stand and head in the back door of the house . int . theresa and oscar 's house , foyer / live room 71 isabel pace nervously in the front foyer . she catch herself in the reflection of the glass and try to gather herself . she look back outside through window where the bride be just kissing the groom . guest stand and cheer . she see oscar as he crane he head to look to where isabel be sit . int . live room - continuous a72 isabel walk in and take in she surroundings . beautiful , expensive art on the wall by the fireplace . a grand piano . a small metal sculpture by the window that look like a man , look out . Art book be laid out on the table . she go over to one . it 's a catalogue from a show . she look down at the cover . '' oscar carlson , Sculpture 2003-2010 '' she leaf through a couple page . arrive at he picture in the front . he look young . she linger on it for a moment . a staff member startles she . staff miss ? drink be be serve on the side porch . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 37a . ext . side porch area - minute later 72 the guest mill about , celebrate . the twin chase each other around through the chair and guest . on the bar be list the specialty drink '' the Grace '' and '' the Jonathan '' people congratulate the happy couple . isabel step out onto the back porch , but keep she distance from the party . everyone be in celebration mode . the photographer gather the bride and the groom 's family together for a group shot . isabel continue to watch from a distance . as the picture be be take , oscar 's gaze fall on isabel stand in the background . time seem to stop as they look at each other . Close on each of they stare across a sea of people . they seem to be the only two people there . oscar excuse himself from the group and approach isabel . as he step in near she , the electricity be palpable . he look confuse and be not sure what to say . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 38 . oscar what be you do here ? isabel take a deep breath . on theresa , as she spot isabel talk to oscar . theresa excuse herself and head over . theresa isabel , I be so glad you could make it . isabel try to mask she discomfort . isabel congratulation . it be a beautiful ceremony . what I see , at least . there be a accident . and I be stick in traffic . theresa oh no . well , you make it for the party . she study isabel for a moment . theresa ( cont 'd ) do you meet my husband ? isabel nod , awkwardly . theresa ( cont 'd ) ( to oscar ) isabel run a orphanage in India I may be funding . oscar be reeling . he nod . Grace appear , glow with nervous energy . grace Mom , do you think I should change my dress before dinner ? theresa keep it on sweetheart . people love to see the bride in she dress . Grace be beam . her eye fall on isabel . isabel congratulation . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 38a . grace thank you . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 39 . theresa Gracie , this be isabel . the smile at each other isabel it 's a beautiful dress . grace be not it ? it 's my mom . theresa your now . Grace smile . oscar stand by in a stunne silence . isabel give a tense smile . Jonathan appear . jonathan baby , people be stare to sit down already , let 's head over . he see isabel . jonathan ( cont ’d ) oh hi . glad you could make it . grace you know each other ? jonathan I drive she to the office the other day to meet you mom . some awkward smile . the photographer come over and push they all together . photographer let 's get a picture . nothing to do but pose . could not be more awkward . the camera snap . grace dad , come on . oscar okay , sweetheart . grace ( to isabel ) you too ? isabel nod uncomfortably . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 39a . jonathan we be go to party like it 's 2019 . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 40 . some minor laughter . Grace push he playfully . omitted 73 int . tent - late , late - afternoon 74 beautifully decorate with flower . fill with guest and waiter buzzing about . everyone enjoy themselves . Young and old . Close on the menu in the middle of a table : '' lobster risotto '' . two long table hold 40 each . isabel be down in siberia with a few of the more peripheral guest . mostly older , except for one conservatively handsome man , frank ( late 40' ) who sit next to she . she glance at he . only a lone piece of meat sit on he plate . at the front , Jonathan call everyone to attention . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 41 . frank I be on this paleo thing . train for a tri. in Hawaii , on the big island . isabel look at he then back to the front where Jonathan call everyone to attention . jonathan hi everyone . I want to welcome all of you . he take a deep breath and look at the big crowd . jonathan ( cont ’d ) wow . I think the say ' I do 's part would be the hardest . people laugh . Grace roll she eye . Jonathan rub she back . theresa and oscar smile at each other . jonathan ( cont ’d ) thank you for come to celebrate with we . he take a speech out of he pocket . jonathan ( cont 'd ) when I start work for theresa at ' Horizon 's , right out of school ... friend you can say Harvard ! they laugh . Grace shake she head . Jonathan smile and continue . jonathan I think I be just get a great job for one of the most forward - think , entrepreneur I have ever read about . theresa smile , a little uncomfortable . jonathan ( cont 'd ) but very quickly I come to dread come into work . it be not my boss 's fault . well , sort of it be . you see two year ago , Grace start come in with theresa . she be work in the design department for the summer . Grace shake she head , embarrassed . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 42 . jonathan ( cont ’d ) she 's a amazing artist , for any of you who do not know . anyway , I see they come through the lobby ; this two beautiful , powerful woman . and I froze . ( to Grace and theresa ) in fact , there be room in you elevator , but I could not bring myself to get in . people think it 's cute . a older woman at isabel 's table make a aside to she friend . older woman ( to she friend ) which one be he in love with ? jonathan well , I spend the next month try to find a way to be in the same place at the same time with Grace . and finally , I brave a elevator ride with she . Grace blushes . jonathan ( cont ’d ) do you remember my genius banter ? she nod . grace '' what floor ? '' everyone laugh . jonathan I would plan thing to say when I see she , but they never come out . until one day , I get lucky . people hoot . jonathan ( cont ’d ) not like that you pervert ! Roaring . jonathan ( cont ’d ) we be in the company pub , and she be on line right in front of I . and she have forget she wallet . so I pay . best $ 14 I ever spend . some applause . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 43 . jonathan ( cont ’d ) Grace , I love you more than anything . and I could not be happier that you agree to marry I . even if it be out of guilt about owe I money . Grace stand and they kiss . everyone clap . it go on for a while and the crowd love it . theresa smile at they and oscar try to , but it 's go on a while . at isabel 's table , Frank lean in . frank that 's go to be a fun honeymoon . the bride and groom pull apart . Grace remain stand and clink she glass . grace hi , hi . you be not quite free yet ! Grace 's hand shake as she speak . oscar take it . grace ( cont 'd ) sorry . that of you who know I , know how much I love to speak in public . some laughter . isabel watch she . Grace gather herself , fight through she shyness . grace ( cont 'd ) Jonathan , I love you . and I be so happy to be you wife . ( blush ) I can not believe I can say that ! ( deep breath ) but this speech be not for you , it 's for Mom and dad . she turn to she dad , whose hand she be still hold . grace ( cont 'd ) dad , I do not know a girl who be closer with she father than I be with you . and I be so grateful for that . ( pause ) most of the time . oscar beam at she . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 44 , grace ( cont 'd ) I have get so much from you . my sulk , my sense of humor ... unfortunately my nose ... and my love for art ; my draw . we see the audience in rapt attention . grace ( cont 'd ) not many father would have do what you do at such a young age . they clearly have a special connection . isabel be fascinate . grace ( cont 'd ) ( to oscar ) and thank you for you beautiful gift . she motion to the carve statue which have now be move behind they in the tent . people oooh and ahh and clap . oscar smile and kiss she hand . he beam . jonathan ( joke to the room , be : sculpture ) I be not sure if it 's I and Grace , or Grace and she dad ! some laugh awkwardly , but the joke do not go over well with oscar . theresa make eye contact with oscar . jonathan ( cont ’d ) I be kid , of course . we absolutely love it . Grace turn she attention to theresa . grace and mom . theresa look at she wide - eye , with tear brewing . Grace look like she might go over the edge as well . grace ( cont 'd ) I tell you to get you cry out yesterday ! theresa laugh and push away a tear . theresa I try . the room laugh . Grace compose herself and continue . pink Rev. ( 05 Grace gathi she look isabel sit Grace take /28/18 ) be ? 45 . grace you have make this day so special . thank you for put up with my pre-wedd craziness . er . grace ( cont 'd ) you be the most caring , loving , strong , best example of a woman I could have ever have for a mother . down for a moment . grace ( cont 'd ) and for that of you who do not know , I have the rare experience of get to choose my own mother . 's up . tension building in she . grace ( cont 'd ) it be just I and dad for the first year of my life . 's a moment . grace ( cont 'd ) .-. after my birth mother be not well enough to care for I . on isabel , freeze . grace ( cont 'd ) and dad and I go everywhere together ; I strapped to he chest . on the crowd in rapt attention . she turn he smile . grace ( cont 'd ) one day , we be walk down the street in soho . and this beautiful woman , with shockingly red hair , have just move to the neighborhood and be look for a good place to have a coffee . I guess my dad and I look like local , so she come up , and ask if we know of a place . to she dad . grace ( cont 'd ) and what do you say ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 46 . oscar I say ; '' I do not drink coffee , so I would not know '' . some laughter . theresa remember . isabel be spin . grace and that would have be that , except , I have grab hold of she hair , and I would not let she go . tear roll . theresa and Grace hold hand . grace ( cont 'd ) so my dad really have no choice but to start drink coffee . people clap . grace ( cont 'd ) ( a long beat ) I be so happy I choose you . everyone be near tear . Grace take a deep breath . grace ( cont 'd ) to my parent for give I this wonderful life , and this beautiful night . and , oh yeah ... to angelic brother ... the boy smile and play and pretend to fart in she direction . grace ( cont 'd ) I love you . she raise a glass . the guest stand , clap , cheer . a guest yell out . guest ( toast ) to Grace and Jonathan ! we be with isabel who be freeze in she seat . she stare off into the middle distance for a few moment . frank ( encourage she to get up ) hey , we be toast . she stand and head out of the tent . most of the guest be catch up in the toast and do not notice , but oscar do . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 47 . on isabel as she walk out of the tent . ext . boat dock - dusk 75 isabel sit by herself on a bench on a dock jutting out into the water , out of sight of the festivity . she try to gather herself and put all this together . suddenly up the dock walk Frank with two glass and a bottle of champagne . she see he and shake she head to herself . he approach . frank I could not agree more . I be not into wedding . he sit next to she with the glass and the bottle . isabel I would like to be alone . frank tell I about it . crowd be awful . he pour she glass . she push it away . when he try to hand it to she . frank ( cont 'd ) I can take one for the team and drink they both . she can not believe any of this be happen . frank ( cont 'd ) you know how at every wedding there be always a few single people pretend not to care that they be single ? well , we be that people . weird , huh ? I be divorced . what 's you story ? isabel my story be ; I would like to be alone . frank ( try to be charming ) you think you want to be alone ... isabel get the fuck away from I . 76 77 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 48. she get up and walk away . frank okay ... ext . tent area - night 76 isabel approach the tent purposefully . Inside , all the guest mill about , some dance . Jonathan spin Grace . theresa and oscar watch happily . outside , isabel hang in the shadow , watch . close on grace as isabel watch her , studying her face . oscar 's vision be draw to isabel . she look back at he . between the two of they , Grace and Jonathan dance . isabel step closer , stare intently at oscar . after another moment , oscar break away from the crowd and_head toward isabel . ext . back yard - continuous 77 oscar walk by isabel , who follow he away from the entrance and the party guest inside . they stand and face each other . isabel what do you do ? oscar look at she . oscar what be you talk about ? isabel do not . too much add up . oscar look behind he at the tent then back to isabel . isabel ( cont ’d ) but then I think , you would not have do that . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 49 . he look nervously behind he at the tent where people be start to head out onto the lawn . oscar do not know what to say . isabel ( cont ’d ) I can see it . all oscar can do be look away and shake he head . we do not know if it mean ' no’ , or ' I can not believe this 's . he look right up at she . oscar isabel . we can not talk about this now . a party worker open the tent and make a announcement . party worker firework be start ! follow the lantern ... Party worker stand outside in a line ready to hand out sparkler and drink to people as they exit the tent . the guest whoop it up on the way out of the tent to the beach for the firework . oscar look from they to isabel . oscar I have to go . i’1l call you tomorrow . oscar back away , then move to join theresa , Grace , and the other who pour out of the tent . isabel watch , in shock . ext . driveway of house - minute later 78 isabel walk away from the party down the big lawn , toward the driveway where the car be line . behind she , a huge bang , and the sky be light up by the first of the firework . ext . back lawn , over looking water - night 79 the crowd ooh 's and ahh 's at the firework display . 80 81 82 83 84 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 50 . we find Grace and Jonathan stand next to theresa and oscar , they face illuminate by the different color firework . ext . grand central parkway - night 80 isabel ride in the back , alternate between illumination and darkness as the car pass through the parkway light . ext . wedding area , late night 81 everyone be pretty loose . theresa dance with oscar . drunk and happy . int . theresa and oscar 's bathroom - 3 am 82 theresa finish wash she face , then take a pill . int . theresa 's and oscar' bedroom - continuous 83 theresa walk into the dark bedroom turn the light off behind she . oscar be in bed . she climb in next to he . theresa I think people seem to have a good time , do not you think ? oscar look at she through the darkness . a long moment . oscar why have you do it ? theresa get close and lay on he chest . theresa ( quietly ) God , I do not know . I do not know it be she . oscar look back at she , dubiously . int . / ext . bowery HOTEL penthouse - morning 84 isabel sit out on the balcony wrap in a blanket , phone in she lap . she have not sleep . the phone ring and she run in to pick it up . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 51 . isabel hello ... her face fall with disappointment . we can just hear the voice leak through the phone . housekeeping ( 0.c. ) hi Ms. andersen . we be call to check to see if you need more towel , or new linen ? isabel no . she hang up . wait a moment think , then stand . ext . bowery HOTEL - day 85 isabel wait while a bellman hail a taxi . int . taxi , grand central parkway - day 86 isabel sit in the back stare out the window . her indian driver be on the phone with a headset in . he speak to the person on the line in bengali . driver ( sub-title ) White girl . very tan . hot. probably like to have sex all night . late 30s ? who know ? I can not tell the difference with white girl . on isabel . he look in the mirror . driver ( cont ’d ) ( in English ) you want to hear some music ? isabel ( in bengali ) no , I prefer it quiet . the driver 's eye widen as he realize she can speak he language . int . theresa and oscar 's house , live room - day 87 Grace and Jonathan sift through a mountain of gift with theresa and oscar , while the twin play . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be7 52 . Jonathan unwrap a present . it 's a table cloth . have a pattern . he and Grace unfurl it . jonathan it 's a blanket ...? grace no , I think it 's a table cloth . jonathan maybe it 's a cape . oscar look closely . oscar I think it might be the confederate flag . they laugh . theresa look at the card . theresa I think it 's one of we lawyer ... oscar who you should order a background check on . theresa laugh . the doorbell ring . 88 int . front hall 88 theresa open the door . it 's isabel . they look at each other for a long moment . theresa come in . isabel enter . theresa ( cont 'd ) wait here . theresa head back into the live room where they be open another gift . she walk over to oscar . 89 int . live room 89 theresa ( quietly ) we have a visitor . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be7 53 . grace ( 0.s. ) oh hi . isabel have step into the doorway of the live room . theresa and oscar do not quite know what to do . grace ( cont 'd ) isabel , right ? isabel uncomfortably nod . grace ( cont 'd ) thanks for come yesterday . isabel be take with she . isabel ( awkwardly ) of course . thank you for have I . oscar stand . oscar I be go to call you . isabel but you do not . there 's obvious tension . Grace and Jonathan sense it . theresa would you like something to drink ? isabel no . theresa and oscar look at each other . theresa why do not we show you around ? she nod and they begin to head out of the room . the air be heavy . jonathan be everything okay ? theresa it 's fine . but , keep open . otherwise we will be here till next week . she smile at Grace to try and alleviate any tension . 90 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 54 . theresa ( cont 'd ) boy , stay with you sister . int . kitchen 90 oscar walk in follow by isabel , then theresa . theresa close the door and make sure it 's shut . isabel and oscar look at each other . so much weight between they . oscar what do you want ? she let out a shocked laugh . isabel ( choke up ) I want to know why my daughter be in the other room . he look at she with a mixture of fear and contempt , then turn away . isabel ( cont ’d ) how do you live with yourself ? he 's stunne into silence , then regains he foot . oscar a lot more easily than if I have leave she for someone else to raise ! isabel how do it even happen ? we decide we could not keep a baby . oscar no , you decide . theresa watch . isabel you agree ! oscar I be ... a kid ! isabel exactly ! we ... we give she up for adoption . because we decide that be best for she . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be7 55 . a long moment where no one know what to say . theresa try to calm thing . theresa isabel , we try to find you . isabel you have all the money in the world , you could have send a army look for I . you do not want to find I . you like be the hero . ocsar do not you talk to she like that ! you do not want to be find . you run the second they let you out of the hospital . isabel you be god damn right I do ! you know how painful that decision be to make . you be there . oscar I do not remember it be hard for you at all . and if it be , you do not tell I . you just shut down . you be a fuck zombie . isabel so that give you the right to take she and raise she behind my back ... because I be conflict about be a mother when I be 18 ? oscar conflict ? you be fuck crazy ! one second tell I we be go to have some great life , the next that you be go to kill yourself . isabel ( scream ) I never say that . oscar yes you do ! you did ! they be scream . theresa step in . theresa okay , okay , calm down . isabel try to collect herself . she look at oscar . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 56 . isabel why do not you just tell I you be go to keep she ? oscar take a moment and compose himself . oscar I do not know until you leave . and by then I could not find you . he shake he head . oscar ( cont 'd ) I be not go to justify it to you . I do not owe you anything . she can not believe this . isabel owe ? be not this you daughter we be talk about ? do not she deserve to know she mother ? oscar be shaking he head . oscar you choose that . not I . isabel look at he nakedly . isabel where do she think I be ? oscar stare back . ocsar you can not suddenly just show up ... she take a deep breath . isabel what do you expect I to do now ? turn my back ? oscar look at she , as if to say ' if the shoe fit '. isabel ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) do not fuck judge I ! isabel gather herself . she nod . 91 92 93 94 95 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? isabel ( cont 'd ) ( calmly ) you tell she , or I will . isabel walk out of the kitchen past oscar and theresa . int . hallway - continuous with isabel who contain she emotion as she walk down the long hallway toward the front door . int . live room - continuous Grace and Jonathan have be open gift with the twin , and have not hear the yell . they watch as isabel open the front door and exit without a look or a good - bye . Jonathan and Grace look at each other , sense something 's off . Jonathan go to the window and peer out . ext . theresa and oscar 's house , driveway isabel walk down the driveway toward she NYC taxi that have be wait for she this whole time . int . theresa and oscar 's house , live room at the window , Jonathan watch isabel go . behind he Grace look confuse . int . live room - minute later a tearful , shocked Grace , sit opposite she father who try to hold she hand . she pull it away . she look to theresa to see if it 's true . theresa 's face tell she it be . on each of they face . theresa take a deep breath . Grace run out . 57 . 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 58 . ext./ int . oscar 's studio - night 96 the door be open . oscar sit alone smoking a cigarette , as he stare back at the house . a few room illuminate . on a work table sit a pile of old drawing . seem to be a series of charcoal line intertwine . all the sketches have the same theme , though the specifics and material use vary . quick flash - night foot intertwined on a beach . reflected flicker of a camp fire . back to present after another moment , oscar put out the cigarette , reach down and pull the extension cord apart . the barn go dark . int . grace and jonathan' NYC apartment - next day 97 oscar be in the middle of a fight with Grace . oscar I consider everything and I do what I think be best for you . it never occur to I it be not the right decision . Grace be angry . grace how could what 's best for I be to not know the woman who give birth to I ? this be hard question for oscar to answer . oscar it be not simple . grace seem like it would be simple . like you have always tell I : '' tell the truth , that way you do not have to remember anything '' . oscar be on shaky ground . + * * pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 59 . oscar ( half to himself ) I can not believe this be happen . grace now that sound like the truth . Grace put a couple thing in she bag . grace ( cont 'd ) what hotel be she stay in ? oscar look back at she . oscar Grace you do not understand . at every moment , I make the best decision I could . but it be very complicated . grace you be fuck right ! I do not understand . oscar do not curse at I ! ( a deep breath ) I do not know what I be do . I do my best . the story just develop . you think I do everything on purpose ? Grace look at he , still angry . oscar ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to know that she give you up . so I tell you she have die . can you not understand that ? I do not want you to have the hurt - that self doubt . she look at she father , emotionally . grace and you think I do not feel that anyway ? you think I do not feel ... incomplete ? he look at she , try to process . grace ( cont 'd ) you have no right to do what you do . and it 's not my job to make you feel better about it . and I will not . she zero in on he . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 60 . grace ( cont 'd ) what hotel ? he do not answer she . Jonathan walk in . he easily clock the energy in the room . jonathan hi. she turn and run out . after a moment , he follow . 98 int . / ext . bowery HOTEL - day 98 Jonathan and Grace pull up to the hotel in a taxi . the bellman open the door and they get out . on the street . Grace take a deep breath . jonathan you sure you want to do this ? I mean , you already have a really great mother . Grace look at he in disbelief . jonathan ( cont ’d ) Grace , I just mean ... he change course . jonathan ( cont ’d ) I ' 1l wait for you . 99 int . bowery HOTEL - day 99 Grace walk through the lobby . toward the elevator . we watch the determination give way to nerve . 100 int . bowery elevator - same 100 she ride up . 101 int . bowery HOTEL penthouse - continuous 101 Close on isabel as she meditate . a knock at the door . she open she eye . another knock . 102 103 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? int . bowery , outside isabel 's room / int . room Grace wait . 61 . 102 Inside , isabel approach the door . she look through the peep hole . the distort image of Grace , stand on the other side of the door . isabel 's heart race . Grace 's begin to sink , think there be no one there . another moment and she turn to leave . then suddenly the door open . Grace turn . she and isabel stand face - to-face . isabel hi. grace hi. Long moment . isabel come in . int . bowery HOTEL , isabel 's room Grace walk in and isabel shut the door . Grace around . grace it 's a nice room . isabel it 's very big . Grace smile . isabel do not know what to say . grace I do not know you exist . isabel nod . Grace see that she 's hurt . grace ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . isabel you have nothing to be sorry about . you be the only one . 103 look pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 62 . isabel look at she , gently . Grace smile nervously . isabel ( cont 'd ) would you like something to drink ? we have ... well , everything . isabel open the fridge . grace wow . um. i’1l have , that . she point to a orange can of '' pellegrino '' . isabel get it and hand it to she . grace ( cont 'd ) my dad say you be dead . isabel I be not . they smile . isabel ( cont ’d ) you want a glass ? grace sure . isabel get a glass . Grace open the can and pour . isabel look at the bright orange soda . isabel what 's it taste like ? grace Fancy orange soda , I guess . isabel smile . grace ( cont 'd ) have a sip . she hold the glass out for isabel who take it , though Grace do not let go , so both they hand be on it , finger touch . they bring it to isabel 's mouth and she drink . she spill a little down she chin . Grace take the glass . isabel sweet . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 63 . grace you do not have this in India ? isabel we have ' arto 's . not so much at the orphanage , though . a long moment of silence together . grace I have so many question . isabel nod . isabel I do not know how good I ’1l1 be at answer they . Grace give she a little smile . grace how long be you stay ? do you have time to meet ? isabel yes . I would like that . grace I could call ... now , that I know you exist . they share a smile . isabel or I could call you . if you want . the interaction be awkward , but sweet . grace okay , yes . great . let I give you my number . isabel stand look at she daughter . grace ( cont 'd ) do you have a phone ? isabel get she cell phone and hand it to Grace . Grace put in she number . as she do , isabel take the opportunity to really look at she . she hand isabel she cell phone . they stand , face each other . 104 105 106 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 64 . grace ( cont 'd ) I should go . Jonathan be wait for I . isabel nod . after another moment , they embrace . isabel walk Grace to the door . she open it . Grace walk out with a little wave . isabel close the door . int . bowery HOTEL hallway , outside isabel '’s room 104 Grace walk away from isabel 's room , a grow sense of wonder on she face . ext . bowery HOTEL , isabel 's balcony - evening 105 isabel stand out on the balcony look out . ext . orphanage - flashback 106 isabel say a special good - bye to Jai . he kneel . isabel I want you to help teach the meditation class while I be away . you need to show the other how it 's do . he look unsure . she take he in . isabel ( cont 'd ) Close you eye . she wait . he do not close they . isabel take she hand and close Jai 's eye , then close she own . isabel ( cont 'd ) they be not close . they be look inside you . and only you get to see that . jai I see darkness . isabel no , really look . and you can see all the people you love , everything you imagination can create . and you hear that ? he listen with he eye close . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 65 . isabel ( cont ’d ) the drum ? boom boom ... boom boom . boom boom . jai that be not a drum . isabel what be it then ? jai my heart . they open they eye and look at each other . she smile . 107 int . rose of india restautant , 6th ST - night 107 the place be entirely red , with Christmas light lining every square inch . loud indian music play . four waiter be gather around a table in the back , sing a indian version of happy birthday as they clap . isabel and Grace sit at a table near the front , watch the celebration . it finish and the light go back on . grace I think it might remind you of home . ( embarrassed ) it be probably stupid . isabel no , it be thoughtful . they smile at each other . grace Jonathan take I here on one of we first date . it seem exotic then . isabel you two seem happy together . Grace nod . grace ( pause ) to tell you the truth , it 's kind of hard to think straight about anything right now . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 66 . isabel I get it . the waiter refill they glass . grace do I have any brother or sister I do not know about ? isabel be take by surprise by the question . isabel no . I mean , not exactly . Grace be unsure what she mean . isabel ( cont ’d ) there be one boy at the orphanage who I have pretty much raise . we find he on the road when he be just 1 . abandon . grace how old be he now ? isabel 8 next week . jai. grace '' jai’ . isabel nod . isabel he love bird . and he want to be a professional football player . grace soccer you mean ? isabel smile and nod . Grace look at she for a long moment , then reach into she bag and pull out a leather bound picture album . grace ( cont 'd ) I bring some picture . if you want to see ? isabel I would love that . Grace open the book , revealing a picture of she as a 5 - year - old in the bath . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 67 . grace that 's I ... in the bath . I be 5 I think ... isabel look closely . Studies it . Grace turn the page . grace ( cont 'd ) this be second grade . isabel and who 's that ? she point to a little boy . grace that 's lyle . isabel be he you boyfriend ? grace for a minute . but he dumped I when I get he out in dodgeball . isabel smile . isabel better off . no one like a sore loser ... Grace laugh and turn the page . a picture of Grace with theresa . look like a first day of school . another of Grace sit behind theresa 's desk , pretend to be the boss . isabel take they in . a family shot with oscar . Grace on the couch hold both she newborn brother . Grace and oscar hold surf board on a beach when she be about 15 . snap shot of a whole life . isabel take it all in . grace dad say you be depressed . isabel move she head back and forth , consider . grace ( cont 'd ) and that you both drank too much . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 68 . isabel probably . we be really young . Grace think . grace I do not think I could give up a baby . isabel take a deep breath . isabel be not in my plan either . isabel look at she . isabel ( cont ’d ) but I know I could not take care of you . Grace try to understand . isabel ( cont ’d ) the best I could do be to bring you into the world . isabel nod to herself . isabel ( cont ’d ) I have spend a long time live with that . Grace nod . 108 ext . tribeca STREET - later that night 108 pretty desolate . isabel and Grace have be walk for a while . Grace be behind isabel look at a tattoo she have on she shoulder . it 's the earth , a globe . Grace be fascinate . isabel I draw it myself and have they copy it . grace do not it hurt ? isabel fuck , yes . they laugh and Grace cringe at the think . isabel ( cont ’d ) but , it make I appreciate it more . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 69 . grace ( resolve ) I be get one . isabel I be sure that would make you mother really happy . the air get thick for a second . grace actually , theresa have a tattoo . isabel look curious . isabel oh yeah ? grace it 's for my dad . a ' o '. right here . she touch she rib . Grace look at she face . grace ( cont 'd ) do that make you feel weird ? isabel weird ? grace jealous ? she laugh . isabel no . Grace smile at she . grace good . they walk for another moment . then isabel stop . isabel I want you to have this . isabel take off she necklace and hand it to Grace . isabel ( cont 'd ) of course , you do not have to wear it . Grace stare at it for a moment , then hug she . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 70 . 109 int . theresa 's bathroom — morning 109 she downs she morning vitamin . 110 int . closet - moment later 110 she put on she jewelry . as she do , she look over at she shelf where she have put the bird nest and egg she find . it 's not there . she go over and look more closely . no where to be find . she look agitate . 111 int . kitchen - continuous 111 cibele , they housekeeper , be clean . theresa stomp in . theresa cibele there be a nest in my closet . do you movie it ? cibele look puzzle . theresa ( cont 'd ) ( impatient ) a bird nest with blue egg . do you move it ? cibele no . I do not see it . theresa look annoyed . 112 int . barn - morning - continuous 112 oscar be show two man around he new studio . one wear a suit and look like he be a collector . the other be he art advisor . theresa walk in . she immediately spot the nest on one of oscar 's work table . oscar and the man appear from around the other side of the huge stone he 's work on . oscar tess . this be jamey and Andre . I be show they the new piece . she barely acknowledge they . theresa ( to oscar ) do you take that from I ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 7 . he 's try to understand what 's go on . he step away from the other to try and speak privately with she . oscar I ... I see it in you closet . theresa what be you do in my closet ? oscar I see it when I be replace a bulb for you . it be start to fall apart , so I think I have repair it for you . the two other hang awkwardly in the background . theresa you do not need to fix everything . you be not the fuck handyman ! she stare dagger at he then leave without a goodbye . he take a deep breath , then turn back to the other , who wait awkwardly . oscar ( lightly ) sorry about that . the down side of work at home . he force a smile and lead they back to the work . 113 int . aretsky '’s patroon - day 113 theresa sit at she regular corner booth of this up scale , business - orient restaurant , drink a martini . the maitre do show isabel to the table . theresa smile at she . theresa oh good come sit down . isabel slide in the booth . theresa finish off she martini . theresa ( cont 'd ) I be celebrate . I have officially sell my company . she raise she hand to the waiter for two more martinis . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 72 . isabel no , thank you . theresa you do not drink ? isabel not in the middle of the day . theresa not at the wedding either . isabel realize theresa be watch she . theresa ( cont 'd ) oscar say you guy party a lot . be it cause of that ? isabel do not feel comfortable , and it show on she face . she shake she head . isabel why be I here ? two man in suit approach the table and greet theresa . richard just want to stop by to say congratulation . eddie we hear you make out pretty well . theresa be that a surprise ? now , I be just a very rich employee . they smile at she . theresa ( cont 'd ) this be my friend , isabel . Richard - Eddie . the man smile at isabel . theresa ( cont 'd ) I be about to donate a small fortune to the orphanage she run in India . isabel be take by surprise by this information . richard wow , now I feel bad about myself . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 73 . theresa it 's about time . they all laugh and the man leave . the martini arrive , theresa start on it . isabel I assume after the other night ... theresa why ? it make more sense now . we be practically family . isabel look at theresa , try to read she . the waiter approach . theresa ( cont 'd ) ( to the waiter ) the sole . for both of we . he nod and scurries off . theresa ( cont 'd ) you 'il love it . isabel narrow in on theresa . isabel why be you do this ? theresa smile . theresa just be grateful and try not to ruin it . isabel I just know when something sound too good to be true . theresa the only thing you need to know be what you can do with the money . isabel 's mind be spin . theresa ( cont 'd ) it 's a good day for both of we . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 74 . theresa finish she second martini . she look at isabel . theresa ( cont 'd ) it must have be strange see oscar again . isabel nod , tentatively . theresa ( cont 'd ) do he look different ? isabel I do not remember . theresa oh gimme a break . I mean , he be handsome now , but back then ... isabel you know who I be when you invite I here , do not you ? theresa no. I do not . all I know be what my people tell I ; that there be a good charitable opportunity . the rest be fate . isabel I do not believe you . theresa well , that do not matter . isabel what do you want ? theresa the real answer ? isabel yes . theresa I want to make money . theresa smile . isabel look at she dubiously . theresa ( cont 'd ) Grace say you two have dinner . isabel nod . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be7 75 . theresa ( cont 'd ) good . I be glad you be spend time together . gwen , theresa 's assistant , appear at the table . gwen I be sorry to interrupt ... theresa then why be you ? gwen swallow hard . gwen you have a conference call . I be try to text you but you be not pick up . theresa who schedule a call during lunch ? gwen you ask I to . theresa well , I be not available to talk right now , so push the call . gwen stand there . gwen you specially ask I to schedule it before London close . theresa raise she voice . theresa ( loudly ) Jesus Christ ! do I work for you or do you work for I ?! people turn and look . gwen be freeze . isabel sit uncomfortably . theresa ( cont 'd ) which one be it ?! gwen I work for you . theresa very good . that 's use you brain . now go push the fuck call and if you can not then do not come in tomorrow . 114 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 76 . the few people leave in the restaurant watch the scene . ext . theresa and oscar' house , back porch - evening 114 theresa sit stare out into the darkness with a mostly finish drink in front of she . oscar walk out carry a few folder . oscar hey . she do not move . he put the folder down in front of she . oscar ( cont 'd ) the office drop this off . she look at he with a dark expression . he examine she . oscar ( cont 'd ) they also want to know if you be okay . theresa ( drunk ) I decide to go ahead and finance isabel 's orphanage . oscar be not sure what to say . theresa ( cont 'd ) be you go to say anything ? oscar I be sure she 's happy about that . she laugh . theresa you two be perfect for each other . he 's totally take aback . oscar what the hell do that mean ? theresa it mean she do not seem that grateful either . this hit he hard . he take a beat . 115 116 117 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be7 77 . oscar I be go to assume that 's the vodka talk . theresa good solution . ( finish she drink ) no responsibility that way . oscar look at she and shake he head . she stand . oscar you think you be the only one affect by this ? he try to make eye contact with she but she seem far off . she move to leave , and he grab she arm . they look at each other . oscar ( cont 'd ) do not go up to the boy room like this . g pp y ' she blow up . theresa do not tell I what to do . do not tell I how to be a mother ! it 's not like you be the better parent . and I be get pretty sick of hearing that single dad story . you do not do it all on you own . she break free from he grasp and walk out . int . theresa and oscar 's bedroom - middle of the night 115 theresa be dead asleep . oscar lie awake . he look over at she . int . horizon , reception area - day 116 isabel wait . after a moment , gwen approach . gwen follow I . isabel and gwen look at each other . isabel stand . int . hallway outside theresa 's office 117 gwen and isabel walk toward theresa 's office . 118 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 78 . int . horizon , theresa 's office 118 gwen open the door and show isabel in . theresa stand . theresa I want to apologize . I be awful . hope I do not scare you . theresa look at gwen and smile gently . theresa ( cont 'd ) gwen , I need a extra fifteen minute . could you please tell they I be go to be late ? gwen nod and exit . theresa motion for isabel to sit . she join she . theresa ( cont 'd ) I have decide to amend my offer . I would like to make it more generous . isabel be cautious . theresa ( cont 'd ) it 's go to require you stay a few more day while we get the detail work out . isabel stiffen . isabel I have to get home . I can not stay . theresa I know , I understand . but I the circumstance have change . you have convinced I that this be too important to just be a one off donation . and , it mean a lot to I that you be Grace 's biological mother . isabel do not understand . theresa ( cont 'd ) so , I have talk to we lawyer about establish a fund . isabel try to process this . theresa ( cont 'd ) it would be in both you and Grace 's name , and you would run it together . isabel do not know what to say . 119 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 79 . theresa ( cont 'd ) I be think 20 million over six year . isabel what ? theresa from the research I have , it could cover fifty thousand kid a year . medication , shelter , education . anything you would need . isabel be reeling . theresa ( cont 'd ) include you local farming project . she look at theresa . isabel what be you get out of this ? theresa ( lightly ) wow . * isabel look uneasy . theresa soften . theresa ( cont 'd ) stay . stay a little . get to know Grace better . talk to oscar . go out dinner with they . spend some time with they . isabel look at she and shake she head . give a little laugh . theresa ( cont 'd ) I know , I do not like it either . ( pause ) look , I be not go to be here this weekend . I be take the boy to my sister 's in DC for the weekend . go see they while I be go . I be sure you have a lot to talk about . +e isabel stand , so do theresa . theresa ( cont 'd ) congratulation . int . driveway of house - morning 119 oscar load a couple bag in the back of theresa 's car . the boy try and help . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 80 . oscar C ’mon , you can do it ! they struggle . the other one come and push from the bottom . oscar help they . theresa appear with a to- go cup of coffee . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( be : weight of bag ) my god , what be you bring with you ?! they hoist the bag in . theresa you need a lot of footwear choice when you be go to so many museum . twins nol ! theresa I be teasing . maximum 3. they groan again . theresa ( cont 'd ) now hop in , I do not want to hit traffic . oscar usher they in . stick he head in so theresa can not hear . oscar ( to the kid ) there be snack in the back . the twin get in . oscar turn to theresa . oscar ( cont 'd ) why do not you take the train , you will not have to worry about traffic ... or crash . theresa I be a better driver than you . and I want to drive . it 's just DC . she kiss he , then climb in the driver seat . theresa ( cont 'd ) besides , ' they talk to you in the car . 's he smile . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 81 . oscar sound familiar . theresa see , I be listen ; even when you think I be not . oscar say hi to you sister . and please be careful . she wave to he and start the car . she turn the radio on and music blare . oscar ( cont 'd ) I could come ... she turn it up very loud and make a motion like she can not hear he . he back off . she pull away . 120 int . house , kitchen - later day 120 the news play on the radio . oscar make a sandwich . the doorbell ring . he look up , not expect anyone . 121 ext . front door of house 121 oscar open the door to reveal isabel . he 's surprised . isabel can we talk ? oscar about what ? she shake she head about how contentious he 's be . isabel you wife . 122 int . live room - moment later 122 the tension be thick between they . oscar ( reluctantly ) do you want a glass of water ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 82. isabel do you know that theresa ask I to administer a fund ? oscar well , that 's what you come here for , right ? isabel with Grace . we would run it together . oscar look surprised . isabel ( cont ’d ) I do not know if Grace even know . or if any of it 's even real . frankly , I do not really trust you wife . oscar you do not trust she ? she offer you money to run a charity and you question she integrity ? isabel 20 million dollar . oscar can not hide he surprise . isabel ( cont ’d ) be it real ? oscar you do not need to be poor to have good intention . there be people with money and ideal . isabel oh really ? that 's not what I remember you say when I know you . oscar well , I be a idiotic idealist and I grow up . do you ? isabel you do not know I so do not pretend you do . they glare at each other . oscar think . oscar ( defensively ) Grace be not go to India with you . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 83 . isabel you think you be in charge of she ? he stay still . isabel ( cont 'd ) I hate to tell you , but she ’1ll do whatever she want . we all do eventually . the depth of the truth in that statement lie there between they . oscar go to the window and look out . isabel watch he . isabel ( cont 'd ) theresa do not care about the orphanage . she barely want to hear about it . she care about business . so what do she want ? oscar think . oscar maybe to give Grace some direction ? he soften . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( admit ) I do not know . oscar look defeat . he sit . oscar ( cont 'd ) seem to be a theme for I this day . isabel nod . isabel join the club . she sit opposite he . they be not sure where to go . isabel ( cont 'd ) I look up some of you work online . he look at she . oscar yeah ? isabel it 's pretty terrible . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 84 . he laugh . oscar I look you up too . isabel ( dubious ) really ? oscar yeah . you sound very noble . at least on the internet . she nod . isabel the orphanage be my best side . they smile at each other . oscar can I make you a coffee ? 123 int . barn - dusk 123 we be close on oscar 's art . the sketches , the older sculpture , the new unfinish work . oscar and isabel wander around the massive stone he be get ready to work on . isabel how do you choose it ? oscar I can not really describe it . isabel can not or do not want to ? he smile . oscar both ? isabel Fair enough . he reconsider and decide to let she in . oscar ( hesitantly ) certain rock kind of glow . to I . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 84aa . isabel ( little smile ) like a ' aura 's ? he shake he head and smile . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 84a. oscar ( slightly embarrassed ) maybe . 124 125 126 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be7 85 . isabel and that be the one you take . oscar not right away . I leave they , and then I go back . and if they be still ... lighting up ... then I take they . ( lightly ) I have get to be sure because they be heavy . she smile and touch the huge stone , amaze by it . after a moment : isabel be that what happen with she ? oscar look puzzle . isabel ( cont 'd ) Grace . she be lighting up ? a long moment . oscar be not sure what to say . tentatively , he touch the back of isabel 's hand . she look at he tenderly . isabel ( cont 'd ) I think you have come look for I . he take it in . breathes . oscar I think you have come back . int . car - night 124 on isabel riding home . ext . workshop - same 125 oscar step outside and breathes in the cold air . he look up at the night sky . ext . grace 's loft - next day 126 Grace sit at the computer . jonathan ( 0.c . ) be it too ass kissy to wear a tie ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 86 . she do not take she eye off the screen . grace for what ? Jonathan appear with a couple tie . jonathan my presentation . I be pitching pizza hut . I be the lead on it . pretty sure I tell you . grace a tie be nice . she look up . grace ( cont 'd ) but not the Harvard one . she go back to the screen . jonathan be you go to meet we at nobu or wanna come by the office ? grace for what ? jonathan for dinner . with Ben and xandy ? she keep scrolling through picture on the computer . jonathan ( cont ’d ) what be you do ? he look over she shoulder . picture of India . jonathan ( cont ’d ) be that India ? grace I think we could go . he clearly be not into the idea . jonathan when ? grace maybe for we honeymoon . there be suppose to be great hotel . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 87 . he look at the screen , then stand and angrily start do he tie . he shake she look jonathan we be go to costa rica . I want to surf . grace maybe we can do both . jonathan India be too far babe . and I can not take that much time off work . we be just go to be go for a week . grace well , maybe you can just come for a week I can stay longer . jonathan we just get marry babe . I want to be with you . grace I know . but maybe I want to see India . jonathan you want to be alone in India ? you hate be alone . grace I will not be alone . i’1ll see isabel . he head . jonathan yeah . I get it . I be not stupid . at he perplex and hurt . grace why be you be so shitty ? he look at she , then shake he head . jonathan I ? how do you think it feel to marry someone and then a week later have they turn into a different person . grace well , a few thing have happen . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 88 . jonathan and be that fair to I ? they look at each other for a long moment . she can not believe he . grace so , you think I would stay the same forever ? he be agitate . find he shirt . jonathan Jesus Christ , Grace . that 's not what I be say . grace ( angry ) then what be you say ? jonathan ( struggle ) you can not change thing now . she give you up . it 's a thoughtless comment . 127 ext . union square GREEN market - day 127 isabel walk amongst the local and tourist who shop for they fresh fruit , vegetable and flower . she take it all in . she watch someone choose a couple of muffins and some bread from a stand . flashback 128 ext . india , market - day 128 we be walk through a busy street in kerala and be in isabel 's Pov . food and goods for sale on either side . isabel be hold Jai 's hand as they navigate the street . Jai see some sweet and he drag isabel over to the stall . jai isabel ...! ( please ) isabel smile at he . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 89 . isabel ok , but it 's we secret . she order a sweet from the vendor . Jai bounce in anticipation . 129 omitted 129 130 int . oscar' studio - late morning 130 some worker be prepare the big stone for cut . Grace appear at the door . grace be my father here ? worker he take a break . 131 ext . trail through the wood - day 131 oscar walk through the wood , look at the light as it cut through the tree . he check a little compass app . on he phone that track the sun . behind he , Grace call . grace dad ! he turn , she catch up to he . grace ( cont 'd ) what be you do out here ? oscar take she in . oscar Gracie ... I be just ... think . he look weigh upon . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 90 . grace I hate fight with you . oscar you think you 'il forgive I ? she look at he and shake she head . grace what 's my other option ? he 's relieved . grace ( cont 'd ) but I want to know everything . oscar nod , take she hand . oscar of course , Bunny . grace do not call I that . oscar ok . what should I call you ? grace how about my name . he nod slowly and look at she . take a moment . oscar when you give a child up for adoption , you have a period of time to change you mind . 30 day . a '' grace '' period . she listen intently . thinks . grace so , how long do it take for you to decide to come get I ? oscar 29 day . visit every day . Grace listen intently . oscar ( cont 'd ) we have agree once you be bear we would both leave . she keep up she end of the bargain . oscar remember . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 91 . oscar ( cont 'd ) and I mean to . but I think ; ' I ’11l just go see she for a hour . 's then I could not stop go . stare at you , talk to you . Grace digest all this . grace and they do not have to contact the mom ? oscar a '' good faith effort '' , they call it . just send a letter to the last know address . but she do not even have one and I know they would not find she . she look at she dad , pain and relive to be hearing the real story . grace do you marry mom for my sake ? so I would have a mother ? a moment before he answer . oscar I know she have be a great mother ; but I marry she because I love she . grace do you ? oscar look at she for a long moment . oscar yes . grace so , isabel be just a mistake ? she 's really grill he . oscar no , not a mistake . we be just ... young . he look off . grace then why do not you tell I about she ? oscar think . 132 133 134 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 92. oscar I want to forget . grace do you ? oscar think . oscar no . he look off . int . house - afternoon 132 oscar walk up the stair , hold the reconstruct bird 's nest . int . theresa and oscar 's bedroom 133 oscar walk through to she closet . int . theresa 's closet - minute later 134 oscar stand on a stool try to rig the bird nest so it can hang from the ceiling , suspend by a eye hook and monofilament . he get it rig . there be some excess monofilament at from where he 's tie it off and he try to break it with he tooth . it will not break . he get down off the step ladder and look around for a scissors . open a couple drawer . approach theresa 's make - up table . he open one drawer , then another . no scissors , but something catch he eye : a weekly pill sorter with unidentifiable pill in it , sort by day . he lift it . underneath be a lock box . he rattles the top . it will not open . he open the other drawer , look more and more urgently for the key . finally , he take the middle drawer completely out and rifle through she thing . there be a small cup fill with coin . he dump it out , and amongst the coin find a little key . he reach for it . 135 136 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 93. on oscar as he slip the key in the lock box . it fit . he turn it and the top open . the box be fill with prescription drug bottle . oscar read the prescription : kepra , oxycodone , prednisone . he be confuse . int . theresa 's car - afternoon 135 theresa pull into the driveway with the kid . they all be sing to the radio . ext . driveway of house - day 136 theresa help the boy out of the car . they each carry a huge stuff animal . oscar come out to greet they . theresa go show daddy . and tell he we win they . otto and theo run to oscar . Theo daddy , look what we win ! they hold out they animal . oscar wow , that be huge ! how do you win they ? the boy do not have a answer . the both look back to they mom , who be take she bag out of the car . theresa we stop at a lovely go - kart track off the highway that have a few carnival game . otto and mom say the game be a waste of time so she buy they for we . she 's catch . give oscar a funny smile . theresa it really smell like foot and hot dog in there , and I want to beat the traffic . she give he a kiss and hand he she suitcase . 137 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 94 . theresa ( cont 'd ) do you mind take this be for I ? I have to get to the office . oscar look at she searchingly as he take she bag . she sense something but turn away . theresa ( cont 'd ) boy , go in with daddy and take a bath . they run toward the house . theresa head back to the car . oscar theresa ... she reluctantly turn . theresa I should be back for dinner . she 's about to get in . oscar I speak to you doctor . she freeze for a moment . oscar ( cont 'd ) you have know for 3 month ? she get in the car . oscar go around the passenger side and open the door . int . / ext . theresa 's car 137 theresa yell . theresa what ? he speak to you ? we relationship be confidential . he 's not allow to tell you anything . I could sue he ! oscar he think I know . he say you promise to tell I right after the wedding . theresa I do not have time for this right now , I have to go . oscar theresa ! we need to talk about it . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 95 . theresa there 's nothing to talk about . he do not move . theresa ( cont 'd ) get out , please . he do not budge . theresa ( cont 'd ) get out ! get out I have to go work ! he look at she , emotionally . oscar no . I be not get out . I be you husband . I be never get out . they look at each other . she fight off she emotion . take a long moment . theresa do not tell Grace and the boy . oscar look at she , tenderly . oscar baby ... theresa do not tell they . please . he look at she , eye welling . oscar nod . oscar we will figure something out . theresa I have figure it out . oscar there have get to be a experimental treatment ; something they be testing . theresa you think I have not look into everything ? there 's nothing I can do . nothing that will not just prolong it ... and make it worse ... and make it worse . I do not want you all to see I that way I do not want you to see I that way . 138 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 96 . oscar so you expect I to do nothing . theresa we do not get to choose ! he put he hand on she arm . she give into it for a second then push he away . theresa ( cont 'd ) let I go . she push he harder . theresa ( cont 'd ) let I go ! he pull back from the car as she start to drive with the passenger side door open . we stay in the car with she as she lean over to try and pull the door shut . the car swerve and she almost go into a tree , before she rights herself . ext . india , crowded STREET - flashback 138 isabel stand in a little makeshift stall at the market be fit for the dress she wear to theresa 's office the first day . a local '' tailor '' measure . preena and a few of the kid from the orphanage look on . jai how long will you be away ? isabel just a week . jai so you will be back for my birthday ? isabel I do not miss birthday party , Jai . there 's ice cream . she wink at he . Jai smile wide . the tailor drape some fabric over isabel . the kid laugh . isabel ( cont 'd ) keep laugh . you dress be come next . a wide eye Jai laugh and shake he head . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 97 . 139 int . bowery HOTEL / ext . orphanage - day 139 isabel hang on the phone . her eye be glassy with emotion . silence . india on the other end , preena hold the phone out the window of she office toward the courtyard where Jai 's party be go on . the group sing happy birthday . on she end , isabel listen intently , and mouth a few of the word . they finish and people cheer . Jai look up to the window and see preena with the phone . she give a wave . Jai shake he head ' no’ , then return to the party . preena we be go to do the ice cream now . isabel swallow , know this mean he 's not come to the phone . preena ( cont ’d ) isabel . you be do something important . call I as soon as you sign the contract . isabel nod . isabel ( happy birthday ) tell he , '' subha janmadina '' preena ( God bless you / good luck ) Allah tomara mangala karuka 140 int . theresa 's office - afternoon 140 isabel sit and read contract while theresa watch she . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 98 . isabel there be a couple of point I do not understand . theresa look over she shoulder . theresa oh , that just mean if you and Grace can not agree on how the fund be distribute , oscar will be the tie break vote . I think it would be better if it be not I . she smile and sit . isabel not that . ( point ) this . theresa read . isabel ( cont 'd ) it say I have to ' reside 's in New York ? theresa nod . theresa yes . you cost of live will be take care of . isabel be baffle . isabel I can just come for board meeting , do the rest over skype . theresa look at isabel impassively . theresa I be afraid it 's a requirement . this rub isabel the wrong way . isabel that make no sense . why ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 99 . theresa ( deep breath ) I know you be use to run thing at the orphanage , but you be not familiar with what it take to manage million of dollar . so I would like you here . * isabel shake she head and think . isabel 6 month here and 6 there . theresa look at she dead on . theresa it 's non-negotiable . isabel struggle to understand . theresa ( cont 'd ) and please do not waste we time pretend you be not go to do it . * isabel begin to let she anger out . isabel you think I give a shit about you money ? * theresa * I do . * isabel * you think I be for sale ? you can not buy I . * isabel get up . * theresa I do not want to buy you . this be a * opportunity . * isabel become more and more agitate , like a cage animal . isabel ( yell ) bullshit ! that 's what it say here . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 100 . she push the contract off the table and some papers fly . theresa stay calm . theresa call it whatever you want . but think what you could do with the money ; how many kid you could help . she narrow in on isabel . theresa ( cont 'd ) I know you would sell yourself for that . isabel fuck you , you do not know I . isabel turn to walk out . theresa actually I know all about you . 39 year old . bear in Troy , New York ; raise by adoptive parent in Connecticut . go to board school upstate , then syracuse for a year before drop out and join the peace Corps - where you meet oscar ... you be a good person ; a idealist , well intentioned . you be ... just like Grace . isabel be reeling . she shake she head . isabel I have a life ! theresa you life will be good here . isabel you think because you rich I be go to get down on my knee and lick you fuck asshole ? theresa lose she temper . theresa you think that because you be a do - gooder it make up for the fact that you abandon you child ? it 's a gut punch . the two woman stand face each other , nakedly . then isabel turn , and walk out . * 141 142 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 101 . theresa watch she go , then close she eye and breathes in deeply . int . horizon stairwell 141 isabel run down the stair , foot fly . ext . hudson STREET - minute later 142 isabel walk away from the office building , clearly upset . theresa appear and call to she . theresa isabel ! isabel do not stop . theresa run to catch up . theresa ( cont 'd ) isabel . stop. come back . I be sorry . isabel turn to she , furious and wounded . isabel you be cruel ! you think you be so important . you sell ... nothing . and the world decide that 's worth a lot ! theresa take a deep breath . theresa listen to I . listen . she 's we daughter . we share she . I have have she for the last 20 year , and now she need you . theresa 's emotion begin to take over . isabel be confuse . theresa ( cont 'd ) and oscar need you ... theresa start to cry . isabel can not handle it all . isabel you be crazy . theresa no ! theresa look at isabel . * 143 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 102 . theresa ( cont 'd ) I be sick . I be sick . ( breath ) I be die . isabel be knock back by the information , the emotion of theresa , and what it all mean . isabel look at she confuse . theresa ( cont 'd ) help I ! my boy be 8 year old ... theresa be lose for a moment . isabel be freeze . theresa explode with desperation . isabel what ? theresa do I have to be half way across the world to get you help ! not know what to do , isabel back up , then turn and walk away from theresa . int . bowery HOTEL - evening 143 isabel stand look out the window , try to process it all . some image of India . of oscar . of Grace . the phone ring break she out of she reverie . she go to answer . as she move , she reveal she pack bag behind she . a knock . isabel I ' will be right down . a knock again . annoy , she go to the door and open it . Grace stand in front of she , look vulnerable and upset . isabel ( cont 'd ) Grace . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 102a . grace can I talk to you ? 144 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 103. isabel look concerned . isabel yes , of course . what be it ? Grace walk in and look at isabel , face crumpling . grace I do not think I want to be marry anymore ... she lean into isabel 's arm . int . bowery HOTEL , isabel 's bedroom - later 144 they sit on the bed face each other . grace he say I have change . that I do not talk to he , or laugh at he joke ; or want to go out with we friend . ( think ) his friend really . isabel listen patiently . Grace look far off . grace ( cont 'd ) and he 's a good person , but I look at he now ... and ... he do not want to know I ... I mean '' I '' . isabel have you tell you parent how you feel ? she shake she head ' no 's . grace I can not . they think I be too young to get marry . and they be right . ( get upset ) I wish I be not marry . she lean on isabel . isabel hold she , unsure of what to say . grace ( cont 'd ) do everyone feel this way ? isabel I would not know . she comfort Grace for another moment . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 104 . grace tell I what to do ? Grace look up at isabel searchingly . isabel Grace , I can not do that . grace please ... everyone will hate I if I get divorced ... but I do not know if I can stay marry . isabel no one be go to hate you . Grace shake she head . grace yes , they will . I be stupid ... I should not have do it ... isabel it 's you life . you decide . Grace look up . grace like you do ? isabel look at Grace . isabel like we all do . they be enter tricky territory . grace when you give I up , be you do what you want ? isabel look at she . isabel it be more complicated than that . Grace 's anger and emotion rise . grace not to I . isabel let this land . she nod . Grace get upset . 145 146 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 105 . grace ( cont 'd ) not to I ! do you think about what you be do to I ??! Grace have shocked herself with she outburst . she get emotional . grace ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... I be sorry . Grace start to cry and isabel hug she . isabel I be sorry . int . bowery HOTEL , isabel 's room - dawn 145 over some room service trays and into the bedroom , where Grace lie asleep in a hotel robe . isabel sit up next to she . the clock read 530am . int . / ext . bowery HOTEL , balcony -room 146 isabel walk out with the phone into the morning air . she dial . preena pick up . preena hello ? isabel it 's isabel . preena isabel , do we get the money ? she look out at the city . isabel yes . we hear pure joy from preena 's end . preena this be a miracle . it 's a miracle !! let I get Jai for you . we will celebrate ! isabel be quiet . isabel no. no. not now . 147 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 106 . preena what 's the matter ? she be not sure how to say this . isabel I be not come back . I be stay in New York . preena what do you mean ? for how long . isabel to live . preena be confuse and concerned . this be hard for isabel , but she be clear . int . bowery HOTEL lobby , breakfast room - morning 147 isabel sit with a cup of coffee , wait . oscar enter and find she . he walk to she table and sit . he look exhaust . oscar be she okay ? isabel nod . isabel she 's confuse and upset . she think she make a mistake . oscar be not clear . isabel ( cont 'd ) apparently , she do not love he . he nod . half satisfied half worried . oscar and she come to you ? isabel nod with a little shrug . oscar ( cont 'd ) what do you tell she ? isabel I tell she ... that it be she life . oscar take this in . he take a deep breath . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 107 . oscar thank you for let she stay . Grace walk in , surprising they . oscar stand . oscar ( cont 'd ) hey , there you be . she be sheepishly emotional when she see she dad . they look at each other at she for a moment , then he hug she . grace do you hate I ? oscar be you kid ? isabel watch the embrace . they part and sit . isabel smile at she . Grace wipe a tear away . the three sit together . odd . after a moment Grace reach over and take a sip of isabel 's coffee . isabel sure , have some . Grace laugh while drink . grace I will get some more . she stand up . grace ( cont 'd ) do you want some , dad ? he nod . isabel and see if they have any pastry . grace walk into the main lobby toward the restaurant . oscar she 's so sensitive . isabel where could she have get it ? he smile . then uncomfortable with the situation , he rub he face . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 108 . oscar I do not get a lot of sleep last night . isabel take he hand . isabel oscar . you have to tell she about theresa . this catch oscar off guard , and he fight back some emotion . a long moment . oscar she make I promise I would not . isabel it do not matter . she have to know . oscar bow he head , try to keep it together . isabel take he hand . oscar ( struggle ) I do not want to hurt she . isabel who ? Grace arrive balance 3 cup of coffee . grace they say they have bring the pastry over . they all sit again . Grace start to get upset . grace ( cont 'd ) oh , I forget the milk ... he face crumple . oscar it 's okay , baby . oscar reach out for she and isabel put she hand on Grace 's arm . 148 int . horizon office / theresa 's conference room - day 148 isabel sit around a table opposite theresa , Bill and a few other lawyer . a lawyer prepare the proper page . he pass it to isabel . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 109 . lawyer sign here . isabel take the paper and sign . lawyer ( cont ’d ) theresa . you turn . they pass the paper to theresa who put on she read glass . she begin to sign but the pen do not work . theresa shake it , still do not work . immediately , everyone else in the room offer she they pen . she take one and sign . look up with a smile . theresa it 's official . I have a lot less money . everyone laugh . isabel you be change a lot of people life . isabel look at she with some hide melancholy . there be a unintend double-meaning . theresa I hope you can do everything you want with it . theresa 's assistant gwen open the door . gwen sorry to interrupt , but Grace be here . theresa look confuse and slightly flustered . isabel get she stuff together . theresa oh. ( take a moment ) I be not expect she . theresa 's gaze fall on isabel . theresa ( cont 'd ) bring she in . isabel stand , ready to go . isabel ( to the lawyer ) thank you all for you time . 149 150 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 110 . she approach theresa , who look at she curiously . theresa why do not you stay ? isabel I do not think she come to see I . isabel look deeply at theresa . isabel put out she hand . slowly , theresa shake it . isabel smile , then be off . theresa take a deep breath . int . horizon , hallway outside theresa 's conference room 149 continuous isabel walk away from the conference room as Grace be walk in . they stop briefly . isabel ( quietly ) you okay ? Grace nod , subdued but determine . they grasp hand for a moment before continue by each other . int . conference room 150 theresa stand as the lawyer and board member be exite . Grace walk in . theresa Gracie . I do not know you be come in today . I would have clear myself for lunch . Grace look at theresa , tear already in she eye . she wait for the last person to leave and close the door . theresa ( cont 'd ) ( try to stay casual ) do you see isabel on the way out ? Grace ignore it . she turn and look and look at theresa , unwaver . theresa can not ignore what 's come . grace ( plainly ) why do not you tell I ? pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? ql . Grace seem intensely vulnerable , but clear . theresa do not know what to say . grace ( cont 'd ) ( hurt ) why do not you tell I yourself ? she look away . grace ( cont 'd ) you be lie ; every minute you know and do not tell I . theresa look away . theresa I be sorry . Grace 's emotion be collide . grace everybody 's sorry ! theresa look at she , tenderly . theresa I do not want to make you sad . Grace tear up . grace and you do not think I have be sad if you just die one day ? theresa no. I ... theresa struggle . grace what ? theresa I do not want anything to change . people act differently sometimes . grace how would you know ? you do not tell anyone ! theresa nod . theresa maybe I be wrong . 151 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 112. they sit face each other . Grace cry . theresa stoke she face . Grace look lose . grace if I know you be die , I would not have spend my time do other stuff . Grace start to sob . theresa hold she hand and kiss they . theresa do not cry sweet heart . do not . it 's okay , you will be okay . Grace be shaking she head . grace I do not want to be okay ! theresa and isabel will be with you ... Grace look up at theresa , feeling collide . grace I do not care about isabel ! you be my mom . I do not want anyone but you . if you do not tell I , I can not say all the thing I want to say ... tear begin to run down theresa 's cheek . grace ( cont 'd ) I can not tell you that ... I love you ... and I do not want you to die . theresa cry with she . they hold each other . kiss each other 's tear . theresa look at Grace , nose - to-nose . she hold she face . theresa I love you . we find Grace 's hand , as she intertwine a lock of theresa 's hair tightly through she finger , grasp . she will not let go . they cry . int . / ext . theresa and oscar' house 151 we see a series of shot around the grounds and inside the house . most of they be either nature : a deer drink out of the pool - or inanimate object in the house that have meaning to the make - up of they life . 152 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 113. a book on the table with the ring of a coffee cup on it . in oscar 's studio , the huge stone , wait . piece of the architecture of the house . the boy clothes in the hamper . int . theresa closet - evening 152 Close on the bird nest with the break egg that have be glue . we can see the crack . past the nest , we focus on theresa 's dress table where she sit , look in the mirror . she wear a beautiful dress and be make -up . after a moment oscar appear , dress nicely , look handsome , hold a glass of water which he set down for theresa . she take a couple pill , not have to hide it any more . oscar pull read glass out of he pocket and kneel down next to she , face she profile and hold out he hand . she hand he the earring she 's have trouble with . theresa this pair always give I trouble . he put on he read glass and focus on get the post through she earring hole . it 's very intimate . oscar I love be need . make I horny . she can not move but she roll she eye and smile . oscar ( cont 'd ) almost ... we see they in the mirror , she watch he in the reflection , take in the whole thing . he smile and finish . oscar ( cont 'd ) one more second ... he take theresa 's phone off the table and hold it behind they as they pose in the mirror for a selfie . 153 154 155 156 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 114 . int . theresa and oscar 's house , hallway 153 theresa walk down the hall and we follow she . she come to the boy room and push the door open . int . boy room 154 the boy be already in they pj 's . they have a couple of friend over . they be all play '' dance , dance Revolution '' , on X - box ; all dance like maniac . she watch they for a moment then walk in front of the tv block it , face the boy . theresa a dance party ! oh good ! I love to dance ! she start to dance . they yell and scream , try to get she to move . the twin try and push she out . she just keep dance . twins ( otto and Theo ) Mom , this be serious , get out of the way . theresa I do not know it be serious ! I be sorry . she hug they , and they go right back to play . theresa ( cont 'd ) be good for bellie . int . / ext . theresa 's car parkway - late evening 155 oscar drive . theresa look out she window . Music play . after a moment , oscar turn to she ; sense he , she turn to he . oscar open he mouth , about to speak . CUT to : int . minetta tavern - night 156 theresa , oscar , and about 30 other , have take over the whole back room of this village bistro . a mixture of theresa 's work associate and friend . isabel sit with Grace midway down the long table . theresa and oscar sit together at the end , surround with friend . someone be mid-toast . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 115 . tanya there be not many people who have the power and tenacity to will they vision into existence - and in the process to change the way we industry work . not to mention employ over a thousand people , raise a family and , oh yeah , make a shit load of money . they all laugh . we be with isabel and Grace as they listen . tanya ( cont 'd ) I have know theresa for 20 year now , so when she tell I she be think of sell the company I say : ' do not I get a vote ? 's he look at theresa . tanya ( cont 'd ) to which she reply : '' no '' . lot of laughter . tanya ( cont 'd ) so why sell ? when you have build this big , thriving , behemoth of a company . why ? scatterd guest why ? why ? everyone laugh . tanya that 's what I ask . why ? theresa shake she head at Tanya . tanya ( cont 'd ) and she say because she like beginning - and a little bit of hardship . when thing get to easy , she get bored . we bored she ! some jeer and laughter . tanya ( cont 'd ) theresa , congratulation . we love you - we can not wait to see what you do next . and we be sorry we bored you ! Big smile and laughter . +e F fh * pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 115a . isabel touch Grace 's leg in support . everyone raise a glass . tanya ( cont 'd ) to theresa , for bring we all together . everyone to theresa . CUT to : 157 overlap ' happy birthday 's be sung 157 oscar carry out a cake that look more like a sculpture . clearly he brainchild . he set it down as everyone finish sing happy birthday . theresa look embarrassed by the show of affection . she look at the crazy cake . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 116 . take a deep breath and blow out the candle . it take a couple try . people clap . theresa look at oscar and shake she head , as if to say , '' I hate / love that you do this '' . he take some icing on he finger and offer it to she . theresa shake she head but eat it . a deep breath and she stand . theresa okay , okay ... everyone clap . theresa ( cont 'd ) thank you , thank you very much . just to be clear , my birthday be not until next month and 52 be not exactly a landmark birthday , but thank you for be here and for this cake which be clearly a creation of my husband fertile imagination . she gaze at he . theresa ( cont 'd ) ( to the crowd ) I think you all know that he 's a brilliant artist . you see he work all over we office . ( promote ) but you may not know that he have a show up - at anita rodger on greene ... between spring and Broome . so if you be in the neighborhood stop by . maybe buy a piece ? people laugh . theresa refocus . theresa ( cont 'd ) ( a moment ) I have always think of artist as flaky and impractical . so you can imagine my surprise when I fall in love with one . I think I be go to marry a nice banker . a big laugh . theresa ( cont 'd ) but thank goodness there be no nice banker . more laughter . theresa look down at oscar . a long pause . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 117 . theresa ( cont 'd ) do you know what he say to I in the car on the way here ? he take a deep breath . she turn back to the crowd and quote he . theresa ( cont 'd ) ' be it we move through the world , or the world run past we ? 's some sound of acknowledgement from the group . she 's very emotional but push it back . theresa ( cont 'd ) to which I reply , '' let 's not take the Northern State , traffic be horrible this time of day '' lot of laughter . she look at oscar and mouth '' I love you '' . he take she hand and kiss it . theresa gather and switch back to business mode . theresa ( cont 'd ) but this be not about I , it 's not about my family . this be about we and we company and what we have accomplish . together . I know that many of you be wonder what we company be go to look like after the sale . she make brief eye contact with Grace who sit listen next to isabel . theresa turn away and address the other guest . theresa ( cont 'd ) I would be lie if I do not acknowledge that there will be a period of transition . but I must stress how important it be for I to find a partner who would not just continue we culture , but add to it . make it more dynamic , with more resource , great reach . so if you ask yourself do I feel uncomfortable and the answer be yes , then good , cause that kind of discomfort lead to growth . that kind of discomfort make you challenge yourself , that kind of discomfort be transformative ... oscar look down at Grace and isabel . music overlap - '' Brick House '' , by the commodore . 158 159 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 118. later in the evening 158 tables and chair have be move and a dance party have break out . pure abandon , as everyone dance . oscar and theresa let loose . int . theresa and oscar' bedroom - 2 am 159 theresa sit on the bed in she nightgown and robe , she look tired and pale . oscar brushes he tooth in the bathroom . her back be turn to he . oscar I mean to tell you , the school call to suggest that we split the boy into separate class after winter break . they think it would be good for they confidence . oscar finish brush and come in . oscar ( cont 'd ) I just worry about that one teacher , Janet ... she seem a little melancholy for 3rd grade . she do not answer . look to be really struggle . theresa why be you tell I this ? oscar see she do not look good . he go to she . oscar be you okay ? let I get you a painkiller . he go . theresa I do not want it . oscar stop . he sit with she . theresa ( cont 'd ) I want to know why you be tell I this ? about the boy . oscar look at she , confuse . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 119 . oscar because we have to decide ... theresa look at he . theresa we do not need to decide anything anymore . oscar swallow hard . she be exhaust and vulnerable . theresa ( cont 'd ) you need to decide on you own because I be not go to be here . oscar be pain . theresa can not believe she own word . theresa ( cont 'd ) I be not go to be here . she be baffle . oscar put he arm around she . she take he and make she look at he . theresa ( cont 'd ) do you think you 'il be with isabel when I be go ? oscar shake he head . oscar stop . theresa I want to know ... oscar theresa , I love you . she look desperate . theresa I do not feel well . oscar hold she and she let he . suddenly , she look terrify . theresa ( cont 'd ) where will I go ? she 's like a child ask about death . theresa ( cont 'd ) ( adamantly ) where will I go ? 160 161 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 120. he look at she fill with compassion . oscar I do not know . she let all she anger and fear out while he hold she . theresa ( scream ) I do not want to die ! ( more ) I do not want to die ... she crumple in he arm . theresa ( cont 'd ) I be not do ! I be not do ! she slide out of he arm and onto the floor , thrashing and struggle . oscar try to contain she . oscar I know , baby , I know ... he hold she as she scream and sob . oscar ( cont 'd ) I be with you . I be with you ... they sob together . ext . house - night 160 the wind blow in the tree . a small animal listen for danger . rain begin . tolling of a bell . ext . wood , near house - day 161 on foot walk . nature sound . wider to see oscar , isabel , Grace , and the boy walk in the wood together , hold a box of theresa 's ash . they stop in a clear and open the box . oscar turn the box over and the ash blow . they all watch as the ash disappear into the air and the earth . 162 163 164 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 121. isabel lean down and help one of the twin zip up he sweatshirt . the camera move past they to find oscar 's sculpture sit in the wood . he have shape and intertwined the stone he be work on with part of the fall tree and it stand quietly amongst the forest . a memorial . fade down / fade up ext . india , crowded STREET - day 162 a cab honk its way through traffic . isabel be in the back . she look out . ext . orphanage - afternoon 163 isabel get out of the cab in front of the orphanage . she breathes deeply , take it all in . a moment later preena appear . she and isabel embrace . preena take isabel 's hand and excitedly lead she in . they walk into the courtyard . change be already noticeable . preena happily point thing out . - box that contain medical supplies . food . - New soccer goal on the field . - in the sleeping area : New mattress and bunk . isabel smile . int . isabel 's old room , india - later 164 she go through the few belonging she have . not a lot . remnant from another life . she divide it in a ' to keep 's pile , and a ' throw away '. she hear some voice of child who be return from they errand . footstep , then Jai appear in the doorway . jai miss isabel ! she smile wide . open she arm . Jai run into they . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 121a . isabel I miss you . jai I miss you too . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) br? 122 . he remember something and drag she outside . 165 ext . orphanage courtyard - continuous 165 he point to the corner of the roof where a bird have build she nest . jai look . Three baby bird . isabel light up . isabel amazing . jai ( proudly ) I have be up there . isabel really ? jai yes . miss preena bring a ladder . I watch the mother feed they . isabel look at the 3 little bird , as they open and close they little mouth , await a feed . isabel what do she feed they ? lentil ? he laugh . isabel ( cont 'd ) vindaloo ? jai no , miss isabel ! worm ! isabel oh , yuck . he smile . isabel look at he . isabel ( cont 'd ) Jai , I want to ask you something . he wait innocently . she bend so she be eye to eye with he . pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 123. isabel ( cont ’d ) I be wonder if you might like to come to New York with I ? Jai look confuse . isabel ( cont ’d ) ( tenderly ) to live . Jai 's little brow furrow . isabel ( cont ’d ) we could come back here and visit as much as you want . jai but this be my home . I want to stay here . isabel 's face fall for a moment . not what she be expect . jai ( cont 'd ) I would miss my friend . isabel nod . she want to make sure he understand . isabel the thing be , I have to live there . so we will not see each other as much . Jai think it over for a moment . jai you can come and visit . she think , then nod . isabel I can . we hear the other kid beginning to play on the soccer field . Jai 's attention be draw there . isabel ( cont ’d ) you want to go play ? he nod enthusiastically . isabel ( cont 'd ) okay , go . he smile . one more hug then he 's off . 166 167 pink Rev. ( 05/28/18 ) be ? 124. int . isabel 's old room , india - continuous 166 isabel walk back in she room , alone . on her face as she gather herself emotionally . something across the room catch she eye . it 's a little mirror she keep over she wash basin . she see herself in the reflection . let herself look . it 's one of that naked moment , where you can really see yourself . ext . orphanage - a few minute later 167 a game be be play on the soccer field . Jai run after the ball . isabel appear on the periphery of the field and watch . as she do , we rise up and up ; bird 's point of view . slowly fade to black .