after earth Story by will Smith written by M. night shyamalan and Gary whitta revision by Stephen gaghan 10/26/11 revision by M. night shyamalan 12/6/11 revision by Stephen gaghan 1/20/12 shoot script - 12/6/11 Blue revision ( on White ) - 1/20/12 pink revision - 1/26/12 yellow revision - 3/2/12 Green revision - 3/19/12 goldenrod revision - 4/2/12 buff revision - 4/10/12 salmon revision - 5/9/12 int . old raige apartment - day the SOUND of the AIR raid alarm be reverberating through the AIR . nine - year-old kitai have stop play in he room . he move the hair from he eye . he look out and see the walkway outside . this be a apartment only two floor from the ground . he see he sister senshi , 19 , run along the walkway - move people hurriedly . nine-year-old kitai sit frighten . senshi return to the apartment . she be a young Ranger . she be in uniform , hold a cutlass . she look to she little brother . senshi kit , we have to go . right now . suddenly there be a loud terrifying screeching SOUND - a creature SOUND . nine - year- old kitai cover he ear . kital be that ..? senshi they surprised we . send ship . dropped that thing . you be not afraid , be you ? kital no ... yes . another shriek . closer . no way he 's not afraid of that sound . senshi kit , get under the bed . nine-year-old kitai do as he sister say . senshi 's eye search she little brother 's room . she see a rectangular glass box with plant in it . it be cover . she find a remote on the table . she press a button . the lid open and close . senshi strap she cutlass expertly to she back . it magnetically stick . she pull all the plant out of the glass case . she pull the case across the floor and turn it on its side . she shove it under the bed with kitai . senshi climb in here , okay ? it will not be able to smell you . nine-year-old kitai do as he 's tell . she hand he the remote . she hand he a extra cutlass from she bag . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 2. senshi grab she little brother 's face . her beautiful eye be emotional and dead serious . senshi do not come out . no matter what . that 's a order . nine-year-old kitai nod , eye fill with water . kital sen -- another screech , this time much closer . senshi hit the remote in kitai 's hand . the glass box close . nine - year- old kitai watch he sister stand . she pull the cutlass from she back . her finger tap a pattern on the cutlass 's handle that read , '' cutlass C - 6 . '' the cutlass 's thousand of steel - like fiber extend on either side into razor - sharp point . the cutlass be now six foot long . there be a shadow that pass over the other room of the apartment . senshi move into the other room . she spin the cutlass in she hand . senshi be partially obscure by we view from under the bed . we see the creature enter off the walkway . we just get a glimpse of its enormous , six - legge body as it enter the apartment . we get a glimpse of senshi nervously move around in the room , stare at it . senshi move forward bravely . tries to strike it . Furniture get throw in the room . senshi expertly wield she cutlass . she get hide momentarily from we view through the doorway . we see the creature 's arm reach out . senshi parkour off the corner of the room away from it . and then we see senshi get strike . nine-year-old kitai 's face contort in terror . senshi be throw across the room . senshi be daze . she try to stand . she scream as the creature descend on she . she be obscure from sight by its huge body . kitai tap a pattern on the handle of the cutlass in he hand . it extend , razor - sharp at the end . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 3 . he be terrify as he clutches the weapon . he do not move from he hide place . tear stream down kitai 's face . the creature pounce again , then it 's on she , and kitai hear she voice , no longer a Ranger , but a girl -- senshi ( 0.s. ) dad ... when the creature move , we see senshi 's bloody , still body in the corner of the room . there be the movement of people outside on the walkway . the creature strangely grab senshi 's lifeless body and hold it up against the window of the apartment . we hear the group outside the apartment start scream in terror . the creature look around and move after the people outside . nine-year-old kitai stare at the body of he sister . her mangle face stare back at he . match to : int . kitai 's bedroom - dawn a futuristic alarm go off . kitai raige groggily get up . he be fourteen year old now . small for he age . he rub he hand over he buzze short hair . it be still dark outside . he look at a holographic picture on he desk . it be a family picture . a nine - year- old kitai , he father , mother , and the fifteen - year - old senshi . kitai get up . he touch he hand to the figure of senshi . his finger go a little through the hologram . kitai start put on some kind of futuristic fatigue . it be just become light outside the window . CUT to : ext . planet - day thirty set of leg sprint through the gorgeous red and sandstone terrain . a junior military unit - the ranger cadet - thirty - two teenage boy , in four team of eight , all dress identically . after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 4 . reveal : kitai stride ruggedly at the center of the pack , smaller than the other . for they every one stride , kitai have to take two . he 's nearly sprint , just to pace . a huge river cut through a stun red mountain range . immediately we notice something strange . there be - a large planet nearby and a larger sun eat away at a smaller sun . superimpose : nova prime : human settlement year : 1000 a.e . we push in close on kitai run at full gait . sweat . kitai ( v.o. ) there be twelve billion people live on Earth on October 23rd , 2071 - the day mother Earth turn against we . smash CUT to : archive footage . scream . panic in the street . earth : 2071 the archive footage be from vary source . newsreel , security camera , amateur cell - phone video as the world 's major city be rock by : massive earthquake - tsunamis - FIRE - volcanic eruption . kitai ( v.o. ) sudden and drastic change in the atmosphere , the water table , and food supply . all become lethally toxic . rendering the planet uninhabitable . billion perish in the follow month . and , by 2077 , Earth 's human population be zero . a third - world village - toxic river - cattle , hippos , and other lifeless creature float ominously downstream . a hazmat team stand on the river 's edge . CUT to : 5 after earth revise goldenrod 4/2/12 4a . ext . nova prime - day kitai running . he must finish first . his size , he family history . second place feel like death . he 's that determine . after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 5-5a . the company run past a growing station -- a huge , open - fabric structure that shield crop . kitai push through the crowd , bumping he way up , near the leader - bo - a sixteen - year -old , freakishly perfect physical specimen . despite kitai 's lack of size and strength , he muscle to the * front . bo sidle up beside he , all seriousness -- bo this be not a race , cadet ! * but kitai be not listen -- he 's only speed up , leave the company behind , sprinting for a finish line that be not there , in fifth gear when everyone else be in second -- CUT to : 6 archive footage : ecu through the lens of a microscope - 6 poison water . bacteria multiply . Russian citizen choke on the air in a rural town . Cars jamme on the 405 freeway . human flee in terror as acid rain blister they skin . + % kitai ( v.0 . ) * the founding of the United Ranger * Corps , one thousand year ago , be * a global military effort - a * evacuation of Earth . * CUT to : 7 archive footage : member of a multi-national force be lead 7 up ramp into the belly of massive , ark -style spaceship assemble on a airfield at a Antarctic military base . kitai ( v.o. ) the world 's great mind united with the single mission ... preserve humanity . CUT to : 8 omit 8 8a omit 8a * after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 6. 9 omit q* 10 int . testing booth - morning 10 the testing booth resembles a old - school picture booth . this be futuristic test taking . a supersize , picture - booth - like environment . kitai sit respond to computer - generate question present in front of he in holographic form . we realize this be from where kitai have be speak . kitai ( v.0 . ) the expedition take more than one hundred Earth year . 11 12 13 after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 7. archive footage : a older asian woman shoot video from a spacecraft 's window . we see that familiar blue-green marble as we look back on Earth from space . kitai ( v.o . ) the ranger would lead the settlement of mankind 's new home ... nova Prime . we see footage of the first rangers scout in the alien terrain like a latter - day Lewis & Clark . there be cocoon shape in the sandstone wall . like honeycombs . we see rangers putting fabric over these to make cover structure . we see footage of a colony embed in honeycomb structure in the ridge of a reddish rocky landscape . CUT to : int . testing booth - morning kitai nervously await he next computerize instruction . holographic instructor ( 0.s. ) section two. first contact - 243 a.e . the holographic imagery change to : archive : newsreel and amateur footage of dark shadow appear over the colony . a armada of alien ship loom ominously overhead . kitai ( v.o. ) the enemy make no attempt to communicate . shaky footage of the alien fleet attacking . laying the human colony to waste in a massive Pearl Harbor - style attack . CUT to : 11 * 12 13 14 after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 8-8b . ext . narrow desert canyon - day each cadet , with they '' training staff , '' now don a special helmet . they be stare down a ominous narrow rock canyon . kitai ( v.o. ) the ranger be now call upon solely as warrior . cadet go! go! go! gol ... the cadet march forward , in razor formation . above they , on the rim , be the r.i. 's . they monitor the cadet 's '' fear diamond '' on smart fabric . kitai be in the middle of the pack -- he head on a swivel . from the corner of he eye , he spot -- a flash , by a nearby rock . a slight disturbance in the air . could be nothing . but to kitai , it 's everything . kital Left ! Left ! I get it ! bo cadet ! fall back into formation ! ! the rock de-camo 's -- it 's the r.i. kitai expertly wield he training staff in battle . crazy skill . but then -- a scrim horizontally slide across kitai 's vision . he 's blind . kital I be dark ! I be dark ! heavy breathe ; sound dopplere ... then -- kitai 's scrim retract -- and stand in front of he be -- the r.i. -- he whack kitai clean on the noggin with he hit pad . kitai fall backward ... but then spring back up with cat - like agility ! it be kitai that be now landing the blow , but it 's all a bit too fast and fancy -- he overzealousness get he popped again . kitai be down . as the r.i. move in ... r.i. you be out . you be out . but kitai refuse to be submit . he use all he might to squirm out of a submission . then -- the r.i. put he foot on kitai 's neck . game over . 14 + h + % 15 16 17 after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 8c-8d. r.i. ( cont 'd ) you . be . out ! the rest of kitai 's team be now surround by r.i. 's -- the result of kitai break formation . r.i. ( cont 'd ) all of you -- out ! as kitai push to he foot , he fellow cadet click forward to the next exercise . kitai gather himself , follow they . CUT to : archive footage : skrel ship smoking in ruin on a desert 15 floor . skrel ship in retreat . kitai ( v.o. ) the enemy create the most vicious kill machine humanity have ever face . CUT to : another battlefield : more shaky - cam footage as what look like 16 meteor rain down from the sky , crater into the earth . then , emerge from the smoking crater , savage , six - legged alien beast . we see they from a distance as they charge toward ranger infantry position . CUT to : int . testing booth - morning 17 close up : kitai . the camera pan around , revealing : a holographic image of a ursa . kital the ursa be genetically engineered to hunt and kill human . the enemy study we , attempt to discover a single common denominator hold by all human being . they determine it be fear . ( more ) + 18 19 after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 kitai ( cont 'd ) the ursa be technically blind , but see human base on the pheromone we secrete when frighten . they literally smell we fear . once a ursa imprint on a individual , it will hunt that person until death . kitai look intently at the faceless , six - legge creature . CUT to : archive footage : rangers flee across battlefield . a camera on the ground as the operator be hit . a terrifying up - close flash of the ursa before : crash ! the camera be destroyed . kitai ( v.o. ) humankind be again in danger of extinction . and again , turn to the ranger for the answer . int . testing booth - morning kitai strangely begin to smile . almost beam . kital that answer come in the form of the Prime Commander , cypher raige , the original ghost and first human to single - handedly kill a ursa . he be a anomaly . the ursa cannot see he . he be believe to be so completely free from fear , that to a ursa ... he be invisible . this phenomenon be know as ghost . as kitai speak , we see archival footage of the great cypher raige in action , capture by a fellow Ranger 's helmet -cam . CUT to : 18 19 +e HH hf + % after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 10-10b . 20 21 22 22a archive footage : the muscular cypher raige stand atop a 20 * barren mountain range overlooking a enemy encampment . he be * be strapped with equipment for battle , like achilles * preparing for war . cypher 's eye settle on the person holding * the camera . he eye , deeply intelligent , also embody a * nearly transcendent state of calm . he gaze be unwavering . * the camera lower . * CUT to : * int . testing booth - morning 21 holographic cypher and six other ranger pose heroically . kital today there be Seven ghost . they * be the elite member of the United * Ranger Corps . * CUT to : ext . rock face - day 22 on bo -- strong and agile , expertly climb the rock face . * he sense something , look down at -- * kitai , gain on he , fast ! he 's free climbing . * bo * cadet , click into harness ! * kitail * ( as he climb ) * slow I down ! * they reach the peak , and kitai glimpsis the spot just below * the top . he 's on a six - inch ledge with a face that now tilt out -- more than 90 degree -- into space . this require every climber 's biggest fear ... commitment to the void -- kitai find he best right handhold , and swing out , hanging 500 foot above the canyon below -- he swing again , and again * -- with enough momentum to throw he weight over and pull * himself onto the ridge -- * ext . nova prime ridge - day 22a kitai exhales . exhilated . on top of the world . kitai smile , check he time . after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 11 . bo that be stupid . kital they do not give statue for be scared . bo yeah , but they do give plenty of headstone for be dead ! kitai 's already hook onto a futuristic zip -line . he disappear over the other side of the hill . bo clip on and follow . CUT to : 23 24 25 after earth revise salmon 5/9/12 12 . ext . plateau - day kitai and bo zip - line towards the plateau . even when zip - lining , kitai seem to be racing . we catch glimpsis of beautiful nova Prime as they zip past . undulating structure in the canyon ; windmill - type tower and waterwheel ; a airfield with ship in the distance . a stun human accomplishment . then -- kitai ( v.o. ) cypher raige be consider the great warrior in the history of the United ranger Corps . he be responsible for the first true era of peace in nearly eight hundred year . dissolve to : omitted int . testing booth - morning kitali oral history section complete . testing computer please state name . beat . we see he eye blaze with meaning as he say ... kitai kitai raige . 23 24 25 a after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 13. holographic instructor ( 0.s. ) cadet raige . fear simulation and analysis ... CUT to : 26 omit 26 * 27 28 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 14 . omit 27 * CUT to : * int . kitai 's bedroom - night 28 kitai sit on he bed . a well - preserve , ancient book sit in he lap . there be a wind -catch fabric outside he window that move as the wind shift direction . faia raige step into the room and sit in a chair . she be a woman in she forty with eye that can look right through you . she have clearly come from work . she have dust on she coat . faia a lot of spike today . we have a lot of orographic uplift - what be orographic uplift ? kital the vertical force of air by terrain feature like mountain or something . faia good . one day when you be do run around and shoot thing you 'il take over the turbine research division for I . kital sure , Mom . faia how have the test go ? kitai look up . kitai I 'il find out tomorrow . beat . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 15 . kital it will be great when I tell the General I get into the Ranger Program on senshi 's birthday . that 's all be great , right ? faia not everyone get into the Ranger program on they first try . kital yeah , but that guy be bum . beat . faia smile . faia yes , he ’1ll be happy . she see the book in he hand . faia when do you start read that ? kital I be try to get do before the General get home . be he stay here this time ? faia if he want . kitai smile . he look at the book . we see the tatter cover say , '' moby Dick . '' beat . kital there 's line underline . do that mean the General and senshi like this part ? faia I do not know . kitali maybe I should memorize one ? do you think he would like that ? faia I think he 'il like the fact that you be read the book . kital be we do a cake ? 29 30 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 16 . faia we be not do a cake . we ’1ll just be together . kitai nod that that make sense and return to he book . faia I be go to wash off all this dust , I have be on the ridge all day . faia watch he sadly . CUT to : ext . ranger academy quad - day 29 result day : kitai sit on a bench surround by the stone frieze carve in the wall . he sit beneath he father 's image on the wall . he get up and move towards the tube- like elevator that go down into the ground . he join other cadet that be get on the elevator . CUT to : int . ranger academy hallway - day 30 we be down in the honeycomb-shaped cavern . kitai and twenty other cadet , include bo , as focus and present as ever , and rayna , a pretty fifteen - year -old , line the hallway stand at attention . kitai be indeed young and small compare to the other , a full head short than rayna . bo I hear everyone nail the history and no one pass the vr . kital wait . you do not ? bo shake he head . bo spider . bo / kitai ( simul ) I hate spider . they bump elbow . 31 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 17 . bo what be the point of spider ? what function ? I just do not get it . rayna I hear they capture a ursa . both boy 's head swivel -- bo / kitai what ? no way . alive ? who ? rayna who do you think . the ghost . and they be go to move it . and study it . as this sink in a cadet exit the office of commander velan . he 's get a new cutlass , a C - 6 model . we hear ... commander velan ( 0.s. ) raige ! kitai turn sharply and enter . CUT to : int . commander velan' office - afternoon kitai stand at attention in front of velan be desk . this man be a no - nonsense military instructor . a set of cutlass stand on a rack by he desk . a few of the rack be empty from one he 's give out . commander velan scan through a series of holographic document . commander velan you test score be very impressive . kitai look on nervously . commander velan you have get a Ranger 's mind . no doubt in that . it take all kitai have not to scream for joy . Commander velan look at kitai , consider . there be compassion in the commander 's eye . 31 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 18 . commander velan but , I be not advance you this year . kitai cannot believe what he be hearing ! commander velan you take unnecessary risk . you confuse courage with recklessness . you may try again next year . kitai be devastate . commander velan dismiss . kitai 's holographic folder disappear and Commander velan prepare for the next cadet . kitai doe not move . Commander velan look back up from he desk . kital ( nearly hyperventilate ) sir . permission to address the commander , sir . velan denied . Commander velan steady he eye on kitai with a cautionary scowl . kitai misread this pause as permission . kitat sir , I am dedicate , have studied , and consistently displayed conduct become of a ranger , sir . I request that the commander reconsider he assessment , sir . commander velan I understand what it 's like to see someone die , I know what that do to you . kitai steady himself . he be near tear . kital Sir , my father be return home tonight . today 's a special day for we family . I have not see he ... and I have to be able to tell he that I have advanced to phase two. ( plead ) I have get to be able to tell he that I be a Ranger , sir . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 18a . Commander velan study kitai . then ... 32 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 19 . commander velan you tell you father that I say , '' welcome Home . " Commander velan look down at he work . when he look up , kitai be still stand there . almost belligerently . commander velan ( definitively ) you lesson in discipline begin right now . you may leave this room with dignity and decorum befit a cadet . kitai be heartbroken . he turn sharply and exit . CUT to : int . raige live structure - kitchen — dusk 32 the raige apartment be in one of the curve tower that look out over the beautiful city . from the live room window , we see a stunning view of the nearby planet and strange two sun . the table be set for family dinner . kitai and faia sit at the table in silence . kitai be in full Academy formal attire . faia turn to the open landing of the apartment . faia do you notice that ? the wind shift . kitai to the northwest . we see the distant smart fabric sail outside the building shifting towards the wind . there be the SOUND of movement outside . faia get to she foot , as do kitai . he stand at attention . kital how be my line ? she look at he uniform . faia you line be perfect . ( beat ) how be my line ? * 33 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 19a . kital Mom . she head out , into : live room faia open the front door to reveal cypher raige , still in dress uniform and carry he kit bag . he be handsome with intense eye , older than in the film footage . for a moment , neither of they say anything . cypher faia . 33 after earth revise pink 1/26/12 20 . faia hi . there 's a lot of baggage here . cypher see kitai stand at attention . cypher set he bag down , look at he son . cypher you have grow . kital Sir , cadet raige report . cypher do not respond . nod , as if to say , '' okay let 's do this . '' he take a slow , deliberate three - hundred - and -sixty - degree walk around kitai . a military inspection . cypher close the distance and stop directly in front of kitai . cypher ( no emotion ) you collar 's rag . you have a crease on you right pant leg , but not you leave . fold crease . cypher give faia a look over this offense . she stare back . cypher you jacket be improperly fastened . * before you present yourself for inspection , cadet , square yourself in the mirror . be that understand ? kitai yes , sir . cypher but ... this be not a inspection . cypher give kitai a awkward pat on the back . CUT to : 34 int . raige live structure - meal room - night 34 cypher , faia , and kitai sit at the table have a silent family meal . cypher so , how be final ? * cypher look to faia . * cypher * how be final ? * after earth revise pink 1/26/12 20a . kitai glance at he mother , then look down . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 kital I be not advanced to Ranger . cypher where do we look when we speak ? kitai now make eye contact with he father . kital I be not advanced to Ranger . cypher you be not advanced to Ranger ... he lean forward listen for the additional -- kital I be not advanced to Ranger , sir . cypher that 's all right . you be young . kitai I run the canyon eleven second faster than you do . cypher well , if you be ready , velan would have promote you . he 's a good man . know he stuff . you be not ready . cypher return to he food . faia be actively glaring at kitai stare at he plate . then -- kitai I be not hungry . I be go to my room . cypher 's voice be quiet . cypher be you ask I or tell I ? kital May I go to my room , sir ? cypher denied . sit down . 21. he . kitai sit down . faia can not believe how mean cypher be be . faia May I be excuse , General ? 35 36 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 22 . cypher say nothing . faia stand and leave the dining area . beat . cypher stare off . kitai sit there against he will . cypher ( to kitai ) ...- you be excuse . kitai leave . cypher be leave alone . CUT to : int . guest room - night cypher in the guest room , which be part guest room , part shrine to senshi . his bag and cutlass be next to he . picture of family move and float on a smart fabric wall . cypher lean forward and touch senshi -- the fabric wall instantly fill with picture of senshi . she be laugh and play . and the General be watch , armored - up , he eye clinical . some of the picture have icon with they . he be not impervious . cypher reach up and hit a icon next to a picture of senshi in a Ranger uniform ... her image be in holographic form next to he . at a Ranger cadet ceremony . people be cheer in the background . we hear she name call . she walk forward . pass through cypher . and he armor fall and the father be suddenly vulnerable . and he can not take it . momentarily lose it . in the hologram , she walk forward to a platform , a award be pin to she uniform . cypher struggle for control . as he rise find the general reflect in the window , a mirror at night . behind he the crowd cheer senshi . a drill routine with the cutlass . senshi be amazing with it . he turn and watch he beloved daughter . CUT to : int . faia 's office room - later that night faia be hunch over a table with holographic wind turbine . she move they with she hand and write down calculation as the holographic turbine spin . from the picture and diagram on the wall of the office we can see faia be a wind scientist . cypher enter the room , sit down next to she . she turn , look into he eye . 35 36 * + + % * after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 23. faia look at that ... yep. cypher 's back . General raige have he hostage . she smile and it 's genuine . he take she hand . cypher I have a last mission to iphitos . Flying tomorrow . and after it 's complete , I be announce my retirement . faia retirement ? cypher that 's it . it 's that time . faia no , it be most definitely not that time . he 's forget that she often surprise he and then he 's surprised when she do it again . he take she hand again . look deeply in she eye . cypher I want my family back . I want you back . he take out a necklace , antique jewelry from old Earth . it 's incredibly rare and symbolic , but she just look at he . faia that boy in there be try to find you . he be ... a feel boy , he 's a intuitive boy , and I ... he watch you read that book with senshi , he entire life . he 's read that book now . he 's reach for you ... do not get I wrong -- I respect everything that you have do ... but you have a son in there that you do not know . he be drown , and he do not need a command Officer . he need a father . cypher we fight monster . and before that , we learn how to fight they . ( more ) + HH HH + % after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 cypher ( cont 'd ) and before that , we dream about kill they . that be who we be and it be my responsibility to instill that into that boy . 23a . + 37 38 after earth revise pink 1/26/12 24 . faia oh look , the General 's back . cypher you be damn right he be . faia let I make a prediction : when the General be old and no longer look like he statue , the father be go to realize this be the exact moment he lose he son . he turn and walk out . she see that he 's leave the necklace behind and its cold stone shimmer like distant star . CUT to : int . raige live structure - kitai be room - night kitai sit alone in he bedroom . his uniform be crumpled on the bed . he be in civilian clothes . cypher enter the room . kitai become still . cypher sit across from he . they stare at each other . the silence be uneasy . the silence be break as cypher say : cypher pack you bag . you be come with I to iphitos . we depart at second sun . his face fill with disbelief . the roar of fusion - powered engine overtake US . CUT to : int . military MAIN hangar - morning nova Prime 's central military hub . the MAIN hangar be a huge , cavernous , fabric structure , big enough to house several transport ship for load and unload . kitai be a kid in a candy store . he watch a sleek transport ship be fuel . a few yard away cypher stand with faia . a aide , lt . alvarez , 40s , war -movie handsome , approach . 37 38 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 25 . alvarez good morning , General . ( to faia ) ma'am . ( back to cypher ) you ship have maintenance issue . we have get you on the hesper , sir . runway two -seven . it 's only a class - B Ranger and cargo transport , but if you give I another hour ... cypher that will be fine , Lieutenant . alvarez smile like a kid meeting he favorite rock star . alvarez yes , sir . the boy on board be pretty excited to rub elbow with the 0.g. I will see you on board , sir . faia 0.g .? alvarez the original ghost . alvarez exit , leave cypher and faia alone . awkward silence . they watch as Lt. alvarez approach and shake hand with kitai . faia and cypher look back to one another . the silence be break by : a loud bang . cypher instinctively grab faia' wrist and place her behind he . they realize the noise come from someone who have drop a large , wrench - like metal tool . he give a apologetic look . faia look down at cypher 's hand on she arm . she smile as she look up at cypher . always the protector . cypher gently release she arm . they look into one another 's eye . faia delicately remove her scarf , revealing the antique necklace . the significance of the gesture register in cypher 's expression . he 's get a second chance with he wife . faia smile , bittersweet . they embrace . kitai' point of view : after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 26 . kitai watch he parent . he smile in joyous amazement . then , he attention be draw to a oversize , organic - looking pod be carefully load into the aft cargo ramp of the hesper . the pod be large enough to house a Ford explorer . kitai be rivete to the procession and be startle by rayna . rayna okay . I be jealous . I admit it . kital ' Cause I get to do lightstream * Travel ? * rayna because you get to travel with you dad . he 's completely hot . kitai right -- * back with faia who catch cypher watch kitai and rayna share a easy moment . cypher who 's that grow - up hit on we kid ? faia now , now . ( beat ; then ) this be a really good decision . now go make some good memory together . faia be now walk toward rayna and kitai . * rayna * so , um , I will watch you take off * from the tower , okay ? * rayna move off . faia reach kitai and give he a hug . * faia ( sotto ) take it easy on you father . he 's a little rusty . kitai head to he father , backpack sling over he shoulder . ranger ( o.s. ) stand I up ! after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 26a . kitai , cypher , and alvarez turn to see a Ranger veteran in a wheelchair be take to a medical transport ship . he be in a magnetic chair that hover above the ground . he have two attendant with he . the Ranger veteran stare at cypher . 39 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 27 . ranger in chair General raige , I be on the Plateau . you save I and four other . and I just come from see my baby girl 's face for the first time . ( to attendant ) stand I up . cypher that 's not necessary , Ranger . ranger in chair ( to attendant ) damn it , stand I up . the two attendant reluctantly help the Ranger out of he chair . they have to support he . he have one leg amputate . he be shaking , but be hold up by the attendant 's strong arm . the tremble Ranger raise he hand and smartly salute . cypher snap to attention and salute back . find kitai watch he father , see the respect confer . and feel kitai 's long and need for such a look himself . the Ranger 's eye fill with tear . cypher nod to he that it 's okay and then move to he and help he back into he chair . cypher whisper something comforting we can not hear into the soldier 's ear . very move , kitai watch as the soldier be lead to he medical transport . alvarez punch up data on a smart fabric screen . cypher and kitai walk across the hangar to the runway - and , we now realize , the same transport ship we see the heavy , organic - look pod be bring aboard earlier . kitai be intrigue as he watch the pod travel up the ramp and disappear inside the belly of the transport ship . CUT to : ext . military starport - day 39 the heavy transport ship hesper rocket into the sky . it pass over the wind turbine and the fabric structure of nova Prime 's city . this world of curve , flow structure and honeycomb - spot area of rock recede into a mist as the ship ascend into orbit . CUT to : 40 41 42 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 28 . ext . nova prime orbit - space the transport ship hurtle past we , head into the star , leave nova Prime far behind . CUT to : int . transport ship MAIN cabin - space a low hum and low light as the ship travel . kitai look out the window . then at he father who be oblivious , scan a mission dossier . kital I be read moby Dick . now cypher look up , look at he son . cypher you mother tell I . ( beat , half -heart ) that 's great . this be not go to be easy for cypher . they be interrupt by the intercom -- pilot ( over intercom ) nav- com have we arrive at iphitos in twenty - two hour . the cabin light all dim . kitai want to talk more , but cypher cut it off -- cypher I be gonna grab some rack . recommend you do the same . he switch off he light and roll over . kitai mimic he father , but as the camera find he again , he 's wide awake , too excited to even think about sleep . then the camera find cypher , awake with he thought , too . CUT to : ext . space we see the transport moving smoothly through a STAR system ... CUT to : 40 41 42 43 44 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 29 . int . transport ship MAIN cabin - space everyone be asleep . there be only the hum of the ship . cypher and alvarez sleep in they seat . rangers sleep on there back , cutlass on there chest . kitai quietly unbuckle , rise . he make he way down the center aisle past row upon row of sleep soldier . CUT to : int . transport ship aft cargo hold - space kitai come out of the bathroom and look to the rear of the ship . he know that the large pod he see earlier be only meter away . he see a sign that say : restricted area . do not enter . hazardous cargo . kitai hesitates , look back to the passenger compartment , then turn and breach the security area . kitai head ominously down a small flight of metal stair into the belly of the ship . it 's creepy down here . Dark and quiet , nothing but the distant hum of the ship . at the end of a narrow walkway a heavy mesh fabric be draw , obscure what lie beyond . kitai gingerly make he way toward it . he pull back the fabric a little and peek inside . the ship 's cavernous cargo hold be dark and mysterious , all we see be shadowy glimpsis of that organic - looking pod . as kitai peer into the darkness he be suddenly grabbed . the face of a gruff military officer emerge from the shadow , he hand around kitai 's arm . security chief can you read ? kitai just look at he , freeze . security chief I say , can you read ? kital ( defiantly ) yes , sir . 43 44 45 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 30 . security chief there 's a sign back there - '' authorize personnel only " - why do not you read that ? kital ( look past he ) what 's in there ? kitai look over to see some of the pod 's security detail seat around a tabletop , play a virtual game . mcquarrie might wanna go easy on he , sarge . that 's the Prime Commander 's son right there . the Chief look back at kitai , surprised . security chief you be raige 's kid ? kitai stick he chest out to look tougher . kitai glance toward the organic-looking pod . beat . kitali ( louder ) what 's in there ? with a whole new attitude to kitai , now that he know who he father be , the Chief step aside to give he a better look . with a showman 's conspiratorial grin , like a carnival barker : security chief you wanna see ? CUT to : int . transport ship MAIN cabin - space 45 cypher have he head lean against the glass of the window . his eye slowly open . the hum of the ship continue . cypher pull he head away from the glass . he look out the window - curious . there be nothing but darkness outside . cypher put the back of he hand against the glass . he ring touch the reinforced glass . we see the ring vibrate on he finger creating a barely audible , high - pitched tone . 46 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 31 . cypher , with a look of a razor - sharp soldier , turn to kitai 's empty seat . CUT to : int . transport ship aft cargo hold - space 46 kitai take a step toward the rear of the oversize pod , but he nerve get the better of he . kital +.- a ursa ? ( beat ) a dead one ? the Chief just shake he head . kitai 's eye go wide . security chief this be one of three we catch . we * keep all three on iphitos , away from the civilian population . this * one we call viper . this one 's the * biggest and meanest . * ( beat ) you want to see if you can ghost ? some of the other ranger look up with interest . security chief the pod be bio-structural organic armor . she 's strapped and suspend in a gel inside there . you do not need to worry , she be not get * out . * the Chief nod to the harden organic pod . kitai eye the pod with fascination and fear . security chief all you need to do be step over that red line around the pod . the gel do not allow smell at certain distance , but at that distance it can smell you . kitai eye the pedestrian red line around the crate . mcquarrie you be not scared , be you ? small chuckle can be hear . the ranger look to kitai . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 32 . kital I be not scared of anything . the rangers reply '' uhh rahh " ( the ranger war cry ) as applause for kitai 's bravado . mcquarrie ( laugh ) do not worry . even if it imprint on you , it 's strapped and suspend . beat . kitai nod '' yes . '' security chief ...- lady and gentleman , the son of the 0.g. be go to try to ghost . place you bet . we see ranger exchange money in the corner . kitai make he way around to the rear of the organic pod . in the shell - like exterior of the pod there be hole so one can see the gel inside . the gel appear to be empty . kitai stand just outside the red line around the pod . kitali I do not see anything . security chief active camouflage . photosensitive skin cell change color and texture to match its surroundings . it un - camouflage so it can frighten you . so you release more pheromone - they be crafty bastard . kitai move cautiously closer ... and closer to the red line . security chief ghost be when you do not have a trace of fear in you . good luck do that . mcquarrie , tell he what it say in the manual . mcquarrie ( memorize from a text ) '' to ghost one must be so free from fear that you become invisible to the ursa . fear be territorial in you heart . it refuse to share space with any other virtue . you must force fear from you heart and replace it with any other virtue . ( more ) after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 33 . mcquarrie ( cont 'd ) it could be love or happiness or faith , but the virtue be specific to the individual and come from the deep part of that person . '' + security chief ( sardonic ) - you get all that , cadet ? ( beat ) you dad write that helpful tidbit . kitai step defiantly over the line . security chief ( whisper ) try to control you breathe . you blood be fill with adrenaline right now , whether you know it or not . you heart 's beat faster . the pore on you skin be open up and secreting pheromone into the air , a imperceptible amount * seeping into the molecular * structure of the gel . kitai stand inch from the crate . his eye wide . there be silence . the ranger look at each other , surprised that nothing be happen . do the creature not sense he ? and then the pod explode with violent sound and movement . the organic pod move under the tension wire holding it . kitai see the whitish skin of the creature UN - camouflage through one of the viewing hole in the pod . kitai jump back . we hear a large piercing creature scream . the same SOUND we heard in the flashback under the bed . the Chief and the other laugh . * security chief he see you , kid . the ranger instantaneously snap to they foot - they cutlass at attention at they side when they see cypher stand in the doorway . cypher kitai , back in you seat now . ( to ranger ) ranger , go to Red con 1 ! after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 34 . security chief secure all cargo . the ranger snap to ready position and begin lock down anything that could move . CUT to : 47 int . transport ship MAIN cabin - space 47 cypher usher kitai to he seat . cypher under you seat there 's a lifesuit . put it on , now . kitai reach for the lifesuit as he face contort with concern . '' what 's go on ? " cypher full harness ! kital yes , sir . kitai immediately do what he 's tell . cypher turn and head toward the cockpit . CUT to : 48 int . transport ship cockpit - space 48 cypher enter . the pilot and he navigator at the control become formal and tense . pilot good evening , General . ( respectfully ) Care to take the control ? feel she out ? cypher smile cordially . cypher appreciate the offer , Captain , but it 's be a while since I sit ina cockpit . the Pilot and Navigator chuckle . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 35 . cypher ( steely calm ) what 's the last know position of the close asteroid storm ? pilot we be plotted well around that storm , sir . nothing to worry about . cypher I would like you to check again , Captain . the Pilot dutifully check he holographic readout . pilot category - 4 asteroid formation , two thousand km to starboard at plus - four- five declination . bear one - two -seven mark four . cypher that 's head in we direction . navigator yes , sir , but at that distance - cypher I detect graviton vibration in the hull . a cat - 4 storm 's large enough to generate its own gravitational field , correct ? navigator yes , sir , but ... you detect ... how ? cypher graviton build - up could be a precursor to a mass expansion . that storm could be on we in minute . pilot Sir , if I may , mass expansion be one in a million . cypher then let 's just say I do not like that odd . the Pilot and Navigator exchange a look . CUT to : 49 50 after earth revise pink 1/26/12 36 . int . transport ship MAIN cabin - space 49 kitai be strapped in he seat . he be now wear the orange lifesuit . ranger secure cargo throughout the vessel . kitai look nervously into the darkness outside he window . we hear ranger call out - '' left rear secure " - '' cargo hull check " '' right zero locked , " etc . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - space 50 on the holographic Visual navigation system , we see the unmistakable image of a huge swirl STORM pattern . the three man look on with concern . cypher if we try to navigate out , the pull of we own graviton wake could set the thing off . just hold course ... and let 's hope I be wrong . beat . all eye on the cockpit readout . everything look stable , for now . but everyone be very tense . pilot just out of interest , sir ... how often be you wrong ? cypher my wife would give a interesting answer to that question . Long , quiet , excruciate silence follow . only the digital chirping of the computer in the cockpit , and the empty expanse of space beyond the windshield . navigator ( off readout ) graviton count 's decrease . eight hundred part per million ... six hundred and fifty .... finally , the tension seem to ease up . the Pilot exhales , relieved . pilot well , sir , there 's a first time - booooommmmm ! before he can finish he sentence , a terrifying sight suddenly visible in the distant star-field : * after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 37 . like a star go supernova , a massive wave of fragment of asteroid be expanding right toward they . coming at they so fast there's no time to react before it engulf the ship , the impact hitting it like a freight train . the ship be violently buffeted as the rock storm engulf they , turbulence like you have never imagine . CUT to : int . transport ship MAIN cabin - space 51 the main cabin get shake violently . kitai grab he seat - he finger and muscle instantly tense . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - space 52 cypher grab a overhead handhold to stay on he foot as the Pilot wrestle with the control yoke . cypher turn into it ! Match bear ! the cockpit instrument be completely haywire , multiple alarm sounding as the ship list out of control . suv -sine asteroid hit the ship . cockpit computer caution . critical hull damage . caution . Main power failure . the tail of the ship get hit with a violent force . it swing around . pilot she 's a dead stick ! engine one and two be offline ! we be lose she ! cypher . calm . certain . stern . this be why he 's the general . cypher can you travel we out of here ? the Pilot look at cypher , confuse - pilot where ? 53 54 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 38 . cypher the anchorage on lycia . it 's the close . navigator negative , sir ! we cannot wormhole TRAVEL in the middle of this ! cypher do it . a sizeable asteroid hit they square . they be all violently jostle . CUT to : int . transport ship MAIN cabin - space 53 kitai sit terrified , nearly hyperventilate . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - space 54 the Navigator frantically work the holographic control of he computer , but the instrument be badly on the fritz . navigator coordinate for anchorage at lycia lock in , but no confirmation signal , sir . cypher Travel we now . navigator Sir , without confirmation - cypher start pull the jump seat down . cypher that 's a order . cypher sit and pull the double - strap harness over he shoulder . the Pilot throw open the protective cover of a control lever , put he hand on it as the ship list towards another asteroid ... navigator we be hot , go , go ! 55 56 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 39 . another violent hit from a asteroid . we hear the ship' hull break . the Pilot throw the lever - we see a dark space begin to grow outside . some asteroid disappear into it . the dark space - it grow larger outside the window and the ship suddenly rocket forward , pin they hard back into they seat as we be overtaken by the most utter and complete darkness . all SOUND goe away ... CUT to : ext . deep space 55 a rich blanket of glimmer star , silent and serene ... our tiny ship burst through a black hole in space . the transport ship hurtle past US - we can see part of the ship be badly damaged . part flying off of it . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - space 56 the crew celebrate they safe arrival . the Pilot wrestle with the control as the Navigator scan fluctuate readout . the Navigator search frantically on a holographic STAR map . navigator can not get a star fix ! we be way off the grid . pilot ( xe : Control stick ) I still get nothing here ! cockpit computer caution , life support failure . navigator cabin pressure drop , heavy damage to outer hull . breach possible in middle cabin . CUT to : 57 58 59 60 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 40 . int . transport ship MAIN cabin - space ranger scramble to secure the cabin . kitai struggle to breathe . a Ranger hand kitai a oxygen mask and exit to the rear . kitai be physically shaking with fear . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - space pilot find I something I can land on . the Navigator continue to work furiously ... pull up a blue -green planet on the holographic imager . navigator I get something ! bear three - four - zero by nine - five , range eighty - six thousand . look like a c-class - nitrogen , oxygen , argon . can not get a volumetric . CUT to : ext . space - continuous the crippled ship careen toward the blue-green planet . Dark smoke plume from its engine as it pass a small space buoy that activate in proximity to the pass ship . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - space cypher do not seem to notice . his eye stare at the buoy pass by they window . cypher unbuckle and reach to the console past the frantic pilot and hit a button on the panel . every speaker in the control section fill with ... buoy recording ( radio ) warning . this planet have be declare unfit for human habitation . place under class-1 quarantine by the interplanetary Authority . under penalty of law , do not attempt to land . repeat , do not attempt to land . 57 58 59 60 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 41. as the message repeat on a record loop , cypher look up ahead to see the familiar blue- green planet approach . for a moment , he actually look astonished . cypher it 's not possible ... navigator the computer might have default back to a know demarcation point . cypher ( calculate ) we can not ... can you travel we again ? pilot negative , sir ! ( beat ) we either land there or we break apart out here . beat . then cypher turn back toward the main cabin . cypher ( even ) set she down . cypher exit . pilot mayday , mayday , this be hesper - two - niner - niner heavy in distress ! we take heavy damage from a asteroid storm and be go down with bingo power ! request immediate rescue , repeat , request immediate rescue ! the radio give up nothing but static in response . CUT to : 61 ext . space 61 we see the damaged ship breach the planet' atmosphere . CUT to : 62 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 42. int . transport ship MAIN cabin - space 62 the main cabin shudder violently . cypher steady himself as he move down the passenger aisle towards kitai . the ranger be all active . they be help to reinforce the bulkhead area whose warning light be flash above they . they pass the equipment back and forth efficiently and move with great precision . kitai instinctively unbuckle he double harness when he see he dad . a ranger hand cypher a respirator facemask . cypher slam kitai back into he seat . they hear a SOUND like a thousand bone breaking . kitai look around . so do the other rangers . cypher help he , lock the belt and harness and pull it tight . for a moment they eye meet . kitai stare at he dad . cypher finally put on he own oxygen mask . there be the scariest SOUND of snapping and splintering anyone have ever heard . kitai cover he ear . and then the transport ship , where the rangers be soldering and working , break in two . ..+ high - pressure AIR rush into the cabin . the two halve break away from each other . the entire rear section careen away , taking twenty rangers with it . we see the tail section of the ship including the cargo hold spin and head down into the atmosphere away from US ... cypher be slammed into the corner of the MAIN cabin of the ship like a rag doll . it's sickening to see . kitai cry out after he dad as the wind howl around he . the severe ship begins spinning . cypher get whipped to the front of the ship and disappear out of sight . broken part of the ship follow he . the ship spin . kitai tries to stay conscious . the g-force rippling he face prove too much . kitai be eye slowly roll back and shut . we fade out on he rippling face . CUT to : after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 43 . ext . atmosphere - day 63 we see two part of the ship fall and arc away from each other in a dazzling blue sky ... they both disappear from sight . slam to black : over black : the gut -wrenching sound of a ship crash . 64 hold on black . silence . darkness . then : the SOUND of breathing . kitai be breathing . the slight hum of computer . the distant SOUND of insect . fade in : int . transport ship MAIN cabin - day 65 kitai 's eyelid slowly open . everything be slightly slant . he see the back of the seat in front of he . cord hang from the ceiling at angle . kitai slowly try to sit up . he be double-harnessed to the seat . his finger fumble with the buckle . he get to he foot , but he be very unsteady , dizzy and groggy . he be in clinical SHOCK . a few shaft of daylight cut through the passenger window along the side of the fuselage and through the gape hole fifty foot away where the ship tore in half . the severe end reveal some kind of cavern outside . kitai look around , try to get he bearing . his breath fog up he oxygen mask , make it difficult to see . he pull it down around he neck and immediately gasp - finding it difficult to breathe . a digital readout on the mask blink - low oxygen 15 % - caution . he bring the mask back up to he face and take a deep gulp of oxygen . he then tighten he mask and move into the aisle . he see a body tangle between seat in impossible contortion . kitai stare silently . his eye huge and terrify . he move up the aisle - another body crush under a section of ship . after earth revise Green 3/19/12 44 , he move to the door lead to the cockpit . he look around . debris from the plane everywhere . then : beeeeep ! beeeep ! bang ! bzzzzzz ! kitai spin startled - there be a loud grinding SOUND as two sets of airlock door begin close in the passenger section . the body of a dead ranger be push by the heavy door beginning to close . kitai watch as the lifeless corpse be shove outside the cabin , but the arm get stick in the door prevent they from close . there be a tattoo on the man 's hand with the name '' Anna '' on it . the door beep and buzz incessantly . he be transfix and horrify . a computer voice repeat , '' remove obstruction . '' kitai slowly approach the dead man' arm . kitai bend down and pick up a cutlass , extend it to full - out , then use it to shove the hand outside the cabin . the door close with a thud and a suction SOUND . we hear AIR be blown hard through vent . Computer Voice : '' repressurizing complete . '' kitai remove he respiratory mask as the nerve-rack sound finally stop . kitai look around nervously . peer through a * open in the wall beside he that look into the adjacent corridor . then : * * he sees he father' hand on the ground . kitai rush through the open and lift the first piece of * debris off of he . under it , he see cypher lie on the ground . there be a break section of the ship lie across he leg . kitai try to lift it . it do not budge . he look around . he find a long metal rod that have fall from the ceiling . he wedge between the ground and the debris and lift with all he strength . the break section of ship lift off he father 's leg . kitai take small step as he lift the debris until it be vertical and tip over away from he father . it fall with a dangerous slam . the ship echoes with the SOUND and weight of it . kitai kneel next to he father . he can see he father 's mask fogging up the slight bit with he father 's breathe . kitai curl up on the floor next to he father' motionless * body . he stare eerily - intently waiting for any sign of hope . after a few moment ... he begins to cry . he struggle to maintain he composure , but he cannot . after earth revise Green 3/19/12 45 . fade to black . fade in : 66 int . transport ship MAIN cabin - night cypher 's eye slowly open , kitai still by he side . the follow play in real time , no time - cut to interrupt cypher and kitai 's introduction to they dire strait . cypher 's calm eye take in the surroundings and land on he son . see kitai breathe normally without a mask , cypher remove he oxygen mask . cypher let I see you . can you stand ? kitai reluctantly rise . cypher evaluate yourself . kitai roll he wrist , flexe he elbow , rotate he shoulder and neck . leans side - to-side , front - to -back , squat up and down , testing he knee and leg . fully -functional . kital good to go . cypher turn around . cypher watch as kitai turn , inspect he for damage . no sign of injury . cypher pause . thinks . cypher confirm the ursa be contain . kitai ( voice shaking ) it 's go ... the whole back of the ship be go . cypher shout into the main cabin . cypher rangers ! count off ! silence . 66 after earth revise Green 3/19/12 45a . cypher ( cough heavily ) rangers ! count off ! kital most of they be in the back when the tail break off . after earth revise Green 3/19/12 46 . cypher attempt to stand . it 's immediately clear that he cannot put weight on either leg . he yell in pain . he collapse back to the floor . struggle to stay focus . he take a physical assessment of himself . it 's bad . cypher the cockpit be directly above we . go. now . kitai reluctantly , slowly stand . cypher go , kitai . kitai head for the ladder well down the corridor with the pace of a son certain that he father will save the day . kitai move into the cockpit . the Navigator and the Pilot have be crush by a structural beam that have fall on they in they chair . kitai have to lean over the dead crew and the beam to see the control board . he see emergency light blink everywhere . kitai glance to the open avionic room . see much of the equipment still light up and blink . kitai move to a control panel on the wall there . cypher 's voice carry up and through the stairwell -- cypher ( 0.s . ) go to the control board . in front of the leave seat . top row , fourth from the right . activate exterior motion sensor . kitai try to touch the panel . his hand be shaking violently . he clamp he hand together to get they to stop shaking . he try again . he finally find the screen for '' exterior motion sensor . " he hit a button with tremble finger . '' motion sensor activate " appear on the screen . kitai check . cypher ( 0.s. ) over you right shoulder . kitai turn , follow he father 's direction -- cypher ( 0.s. ) to the right of the ladder well you just come through , there be a utility compartment . go through it . there be a emergency beacon . ( more ) * + 67 after earth revise Green 3/19/12 46a . cypher ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) rounded silver top like a saucer , taper at the bottom . nine by three . we need it to send a distress signal . bring it to I . CUT to : int . communication rack - night 67 kitai approach the communication rack . the rack have be damage . kitai find the emergency beacon , like a small interstellar craft the size of a snowshoe . the bottom of the beacon be crush . kitai carry it to cypher . cypher lift the beacon and inspect the damage to the bottom . he switch it on . the activity light stay off . after earth revise Green 3/19/12 47 . cypher detach and examine the mangle lower section of the beacon . the beacon be useless . cypher 's face go white with despair . this be not good . kitai watch curiously as cypher 's mind race . another decision wash over cypher 's face . cypher kitai , my leave shoulder be dislocate . come here . cypher lay down on he back . place kitai 's leave foot on he shoulder . cypher ( to kitai ) take my wrist with both hand . kital ( shake ) wait ! dad . wait ! cypher ( ignore he ) you need to pull as hard as you can . kitai sit . he reluctantly take cypher 's wrist . cypher nod to kitai '' one ... two ...!!! '' kitai pull desperately , he muscle strain . cypher scream in agony . kitai watch , frighten . cypher we do not get it . we do not get it . one more ! pull harder , cadet . I have be through worse . kitai brace himself , determine . cypher one ... two ... Three ! kitai pull again . the cracking SOUND be awful ! cypher aaaahhhh ! 68 after earth revise Green 3/19/12 48 . kitai look on in horror . cypher test he shoulder -- he range of motion intact , to a point . cypher ( gasp for air ) you get it . you get it . ( look around ) we need to get I into the cockpit . ( beat ) there 's a cargo loader at the rear . while kitai move for the loader , we watch as cypher manage to prop up on he good elbow and assess thing : how the ship be twisted like a double helix ; how blood soak through the pants on he left leg and he right ankle can not be turn without pain . CUT to : int . transport ship MAIN cabin - night still in real -time . a flat hydraulic machine with wheel be lower next to cypher . kitai get distract as he notice the window outside have frozen over with ice . kitai return to the loader . it sit on a cargo elevator on the ship 's front bow . there be a small ramp that be flip over . it touch the ground . kitai hit a button and the ramp start to move like a conveyor belt . kitai look at he father who brace he arm at he side . kitai come around . kitai lift he father 's leg . place it on the belt . kitai pause , notice that even the slight touch make cypher wince . cypher start to get drag . kitai hurry and lift the second leg . cypher jockey he upper body until he be on the conveyor belt completely . he be slowly deposit on the top of the flatten loader . there be blood from he legs on the ramp of the loader . kitai 's eye shift from the blood on he hand -- he father 's blood -- to cypher , lie exhaust on the loader . for the first time , kitai realize the statue that be cypher raige can be break . kitai press a button and the elevator begins to rise . he crane he neck to watch he father . cypher ( call down ) inventory up . full asset . now . CUT to : + 68* * + * #* * * 69 70 after earth revise Green 3/19/12 48a . omitted int . transport ship cockpit - night cypher sit in front of the pilot 's control CENTER , occupy the space where the Navigator once sit . the cargo loader act as a adjustable gurney . cypher 's hand move to the control on the chair . he slowly raise he upper body and sit himself upright , prop he leave leg on the console beside he . cypher place he palm on a terminal to activate the cockpit computer . the initial burst of power give cypher some hope . a hologram flash -- identity verify : general cypher raige and the computer fully boot up . the console in front of the Pilot 's seat be completely destroy , but the holographic display in front of cypher spit out initial reading , while he continue to situate himself : * MAIN cabin breach .... self -sealing in progress .... * transport ship .... condition critical .... cypher glance at the cockpit recorder on the other side of the cockpit . as he speak , voice wave undulate on one of the monitor , indicate that the recorder be do its job -- 69 * 70 * * + * #* * * + * after earth revise Green 3/19/12 49 , 70 a 70 B cypher General cypher raige . first quarter Earth day . crash land . CUT to : int . transport ship hold - night kitai pull the dead Navigator to a hatch that be now open in the floor . cold cloud rise from the hatch . a sign on the floor read nitro storage container . kitai pull the Navigator until he fall into the container and quickly close the hatch . touch the dead body have severely shake he . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - night kitai approach he father 's side , carry supplies . his confidence slowly wane . he can see blood drip from the edge of cypher 's pant leg onto the floor . cypher look to kitai , assess he mental condition . supplies be stack nearby , among they six cutlass . kitai place a med- kit and cypher 's kit bag beside the stack . cypher I need you to focus right now . ( beat ) asset ? kitai do not respond . he be lose in he father 's injury . cypher ( calmly ) cadet ? I need a accounting of we asset . kitai struggle to focus . he look to the supplies in front of he . cypher intently probe kitai 's body language . every facial twitch , every stutter , everything . kital four body , I put they in the nitro compartment . Radio non - operational . four Ranger pack . cabin pressure stable . five - ( correct himself ) no -- six functional cutlass . one emergency med-kit . and I get you bag from the troop bay . 70a * a * 70b * + after earth revise Green 3/19/12 49a . cypher manipulate the cockpit control . a holographic image of a landscape arise over the console . it be formed by thousand of wavy line . we see the contour of the land undulating . there be a marker blinking on the holographic landscape . cypher stare at the blinking marker . his expression become grim . he be decide something ... his eye betray uncharacteristic emotion and struggle . he continue to stare at the blinking marker . cypher take a deep breath . his eye fill with decisiveness . cypher Hand I the med-kit . Ranger pack . after earth revise Green 3/19/12 50 . kitai move across the room and retrieve the two item . cypher place the med-kit and Ranger pack in he lap . take kitai 's wrist and turn it over -- activate the navi - band on kitai 's lifesuit . score of information and data layer around kitai 's wrist like a holographic bracelet . kitai 's never see anything like this before . + * the monitor to cypher 's right fill with number and graph that match that on kitai 's navi - band . we realize cypher be synce kitai with the cockpit computer . * * cypher cadet . Center yourself . kitai do so . he calm . the ball shrink and move inside the diamond . kitai pull down he shirt and close he lifesuit . cypher sit back and stare heavily into kitai 's eye . the weight of they predicament hang between they . cypher look to he son . cypher steady he own heart and speak . kitai hang rivete on every word . cypher the emergency beacon you bring I will fire a distress signal deep into space . kitai nod with comprehension . cypher but it 's damage . cypher rapidly run a scan for spare beacon . he do not like the answer he find . he steel himself . cypher there be another one , in the tail * section of we ship . kitai study he father , not sure what he be say . cypher bring up the holographic landscape . it be a stun visual . grainy computerize imagery . we can make out mountain range , river , valley , forest , desert , small storm pattern , animal , bird , etc . there be a blinking marker . cypher ( point to the screen ) this be we here . I can not get a * accurate read , but the tail be somewhere in this area , * approximately one hundred kilometer from here . * after earth revise Green 3/19/12 51 . he point to dark area that move like black cloud and cause information to fall out in that region . we see the tail as a red blink dot . cypher we need that beacon . slowly the realization of what cypher be say begin to wash over kitai 's face . his eye well with tear . suddenly , cypher understand the magnitude of he word . he struggle to be the General , but in this moment he be only a father . cypher kitai , my leg be break . one very badly . you be go to retrieve that beacon or we be go to die . do you understand ? kitai nod he head , '' yes . " cypher 's eye begin to well as he beat back he raging emotion . kitai do not falter . he do not waiver . he simply wipe he eye and like a true Ranger , await he order , but like kitai , he can not help sneaking a glance at the blink red dot as a dark area blot it out . kitai pull he attention from the map . cypher have open a small black medical case mark : universal AIR filtration gel - emergency use only . Inside , six vial be line up . cypher you have air filtration inhaler . cypher remove one of the vial . cypher you need to take one now . the fluid will coat you lung , increase you oxygen extraction , and allow you to breathe comfortably in the atmosphere . cypher demonstrate how to use the inhaler . kitai place the vial to he lip , press the release , and inhale deeply . cypher you have six vial . at you weight , that should be twenty to twenty - four hour each . that 's more than enough . cypher help kitai with he navi-band . a digital map layout appear as a hologram above kitai 's wrist . after earth revise Green 3/19/12 52 . cypher you lifesuit and backpack be equip with digital and virtual imaging . so I will be able to see everything you see and what you do not see . cypher place the Ranger backpack on kitai 's back and turn he around so that he backpack camera be face cypher . cypher tap a control on the console and a monitor in front of kitai come alive -- kitai can see cypher 's face on it . a father look deep into the heart of he child . cypher ( on the monitor ) I will guide you . cypher tap the same control to shut down the monitor . turn kitai to face he . cypher it will be like I be right there with you . ( beat ) take my cutlass . cypher hold out he cutlass . kitai look at it . his dad pass he weapon bring the reality of the moment home . cypher go on . take it . C - 40 . the full twenty - two configuration . kitai hold the weighty cutlass . it look big in he hand . Father and son stare , know full well this may be the last time they ever see one another . cypher this be not training . the threat you will be face be real . every single decision you make will be life or death . this be a class - 1 quarantine planet . everything on this planet have evolve to kill human . ( beat ) do you know where we be ? kital no , sir . cypher this be Earth , kitai . * * + * + after earth revise Green 3/19/12 52a . cypher allow this reality to sink in on he son . kital the ursa ? the very word send chill down kitai 's spine . after earth revise Green 3/19/12 53 . cypher there be three possibility . the first and most likely be that it die in the crash . this think comfort kitai . cypher the second and less likely be that it be injure very badly and still contain . cypher attempt to calm kitai with the certainty in he voice . cypher and the third and least likely be that it be out . the two pause thoughtfully . cypher we will proceed , however , in anticipation of the worst - case scenario . every movement will be under protocol : escape and evade . if he 's out there , I will see he long before he get anywhere near you . beat . cypher do not get ahead of yourself . do everything that I say and we will survive . beat . 71 after earth revise Green 3/19/12 54 . kitai wrap cypher in a hug . he can barely get he arm around * he father 's shoulder , but it do not matter . Father and son hug for what seem like a eternity . he can not see he father 's face , but we can see cypher be frighten for he * son . a time for the General , but the Father be win . * cypher time 's waste . and we have get a lot to do . * kitai force himself out of he father 's arm . do he best to stand straight and stay tough as he snap he cutlass onto * he backpack . * a last look , before kitai manage a weak military turn and * exit . on cypher -- watch he child walk into the unknown . * CUT to : int . transport ship airlock - dawn 71 a startling AIR burst as - two giant door hiss and grind as they slide ominously OPEN , exposing kitai to the unknown . kitai stand in the hallway , between two airlock door . the ice on the window be melting as the first light start penetrate the darkness outside . * kitai turn over he wrist , activate he navi-band and its * many holographic layer . * kital can you hear I , dad ? over . cypher ( voice through communicator ) copy . kitai stare into the shadow . he look to he cutlass gleam in its retract state . he tap a combination on the handle . it instantly form a curve blade that if not for the protective lifesuit would have slice he arm . he stare at the near miss . retract it . he tap another pattern . the fiber extend to six feet long - razor - sharp at the end . reveal a rock cavern . kitai hear the SOUND of SMALL stone falling . he exit the tear end of the ship . he breathes heavily as the large door close behind he , cutlass ready . he jump down - see a few body of rangers hanging dead from the strap of there seat . they be dangling . kitai be frightened . he back away . after earth revise Green 3/19/12 54a . cypher ( voice through communicator ) kitai , take a knee . kitai kneel down on one knee as he 's tell . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 55 . cypher ( voice through communicator ) I want you to take you time . acclimate yourself to the environment . tell I any and everything . no matter how inconsequential it may seem . everything you see , hear , smell , how you feel . over . kitai can see daylight above he . kital ( breathe heavily ) my body feel heavier . cypher ( voice through communicator ) very good . the gravitational pull on this planet be slightly different than at home . kitai calm . he look up . kitai it 's about ten meter to the top . cypher ( voice through communicator ) okay . get go . kital Roger . kitai stand and move cautiously to the wall of the ravine the ship be in . he begin climb . he carefully place each hand and foot . this be a standard rock climb wall . he 's do this a thousand time . he near the top . he secure he leave hand then look back to he right and see : a huge multi - colored tarantula sit on he right hand . kitai freak . kital abhhhh ! he sling the creature from he hand - lose he balance and slip three foot until he catch himself with he leave hand . cypher ( voice through communicator ) kitai ! what happen ? kitai hang by a thread . he stabilize himself and regains he grip . 72 73 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 56 . kital you do not see that ? I think - cypher ( voice through communicator ) what 's you sitrep ? you vital spike . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - dawn 72 cypher watch the monitor as kitai 's vital spike into the red . cypher I say again . what be you situation report ? what happen ? CUT to : ext . cavern - dawn 73 kitai 's face change . he settles back into control . kital ( embarrassed ) no change . I slip . I be good to go . ( lie ) there 's condensation on the stone . I be fine . kitai continue and successfully complete he ascent . he wearily reach the top of the crater and pull himself onto a elevate plateau . reveal : earth - dawn the beautiful purple , orange , and fuchsia color of the earthly sunrise . plant and animal waking up to melodic morning call of eagle majestically soar overhead . mile and mile of visibility . hundred , maybe thousand , of evolve buffalo roam a quarter mile away . the sound of life ring symphonically . it be breathtaking . kitai be dumbstruck . the night frost give way to vibrant color and scent . 74 75 76 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 57 . cypher ( voice through communicator ) there be a escarpment where two Earth continent collide . look like it could be a waterfall . it 's at about forty - five kilometer . we will call that we midway checkpoint . there 's no way you can return after that point . we will assess ration and reevaluate when you get there . but let 's break it into section . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - dawn cypher look at the monitor . we see a icon for kitai and to the north a huge grouping of tree . cypher draw a line from kitai to the tree . cypher first leg be twenty kilometer to the mouth of the north forest . CUT to : ext . plateau - dawn kitai look to he navi-band on he wrist . the holographic imagery match what cypher see in the cockpit . cypher ( voice through communicator ) let 's take it easy . set chronometer for one hundred eighty minute . over . kitai one hundred eighty minute ? that 's not right . I can do 10 k in fifty minute . you will see . kitai look to he navi-band and begin a light jog . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - dawn cypher take this as a disobey command . he sit back in he seat , contemplatively . 74 75 76 * * after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 58 . kitai ( voice through communicator ) I might even do it in under forty minute . over . cypher do not respond . CUT to : ext . plateau - dawn 77 kitai slow down . kital dad , do you copy ? over . kitai come to a stop . kital ( concerned ) dad , do you read I ?! over . still nothing . kitai ( panicked ) dad , do you copy ? be you there ? kitai turn and run back toward the ship . he be in complete terror . kitai dad , I be come back . cypher ( voice through communicator ) no need . you just go ahead . kitai come to stop . kital huh ? cypher ( voice through communicator ) seem to I that you be in charge of this mission . and in my limited military experience , when two people be in command , everybody die . so I will defer to you leadership , cadet . kital dad , I be just say ... after earth revise yellow cypher ( voice through communicator ) what be my name ? kitai confuse - hesitates . kital I do not know what you mean ... cypher ( voice through communicator ) what be my name ?! kitai be shake . kital General cypher raige . cypher ( voice through and who be I ? kitali Prime Commander of the ranger . 78 int . transport ship cockpit - dawn cypher stare at the hologram . cypher you're goddamned right ! this second forward , you to I as sir , commander , general ! you will follow command without question hesitation . am I crystal cadet ? 79 ext . plateau - dawn will refer communicator ) CUT to : CUT to : kitai 's head be spin . his father have never be this angry with he before . kitai snap to attention . kitai sir , yes , sir ! CUT to : 78 79 after earth revise pink 1/26/12 60 . 80 int . transport ship cockpit - dawn 80 cypher sit calmly . ( there be a bit of military performance in cypher 's word ) he 's see many man in combat . he know exactly what they need and exactly when they need it . cypher now at h plus one eighty I need you at that forest . set you chronometer . kitai ( voice through communicator ) sir , yes , sir ! cypher sit back , allow himself a small smile . cypher reach out and turn on the cockpit recorder . cypher General cypher raige . Earth time 6:24 . beginning probe search to confirm ursa be not release . CUT to : 81 ext . plateau - dawn 81 kitai set he chronometer and begin to walk . CUT to : 82 ext . transport ship MAIN cabin - morning 82 we see the front section of the ship wedge into the cavern . suddenly something shoot from the top of the transport ship . CUT to : 83 ext . atmosphere - continuous 83 a projectile rise out of the cavern and into the sky . rising higher and higher into the atmospheric canopy . at the apex of its arc , it explode -- from the explosion , dozen of probe appear , slowly vectore back toward earth , great distance apart . CUT to : after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 61 . int . transport ship cockpit - morning 84 cypher 's monitor fill with probe image : the curve of the earth . topography . ionic cloud drifting , which appear as floating white noise , zapping the imagery . another camera slam into a ocean , sending data on undersea life . another burrow into the earth , revealing soil , weather , erosion data . another crashing in tree , go to black . another floating over pack of animal , thousand of they . cypher flip through the image of the different camera . we see the description , '' probe 3 , probe 11 , probe 24 '' write under each of the corresponding image ... he manipulate the camera . they can hover , swim , and burrow . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - later 85 we see the point of view of kitai move along a horizon of pasture that seem to go on forever . we see kitai 's view along a ridge that look down into a lush valley with a profusion of wildflower and green . cypher study number float over the control board . cypher I estimate h plus four day to reach the tail . use you navi-band . stay on azimuth . the temperature on this planet fluctuate dramatically daily and most of the planet freeze over at night . we see the landscape scroll by in holographic form . we see area demarcate by deep red line . cypher there be hot spot , geothermal node between here and the tail that will keep you warm during the freeze-over . you must reach one of this node each evening before nightfall . over . kitai ( voice through computer ) copy . we see kitai 's point of view look up to he side . shadow of cloud move over the mountain and field like spirit . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 62 . cypher Standard operate procedure till I give you further instruction . kitai ( voice through computer ) copy . cypher look down at he leg . the floor be cover in he blood . he can see he pant leg dripping fresh blood . cypher reach for the med-kit . Hit control on the console . the '' Medical Analysis '' holographic screen come up . cypher pull a flat box out of the med-kit . he turn it on , run it over he leg . light fall over he leg as it scan . the holographic screen over the console erupt with information . '' , .. code 5 trauma to left leg .-.- situation critical ... arterial shunt recommended '' cypher take in the news somberly . he touch the word , arterial shunt , over the console . the holographic screen show a 3-d outline of a human body , a bit too similar to a chalk outline on concrete . the holographic screen zoom in to the left thigh -- zoom in to show arteries and vein . one have be severe and separate . the word , arterial shunt - explanation of procedure , appear on the screen , follow by a coldly mechanical holographic animation : a scalpel appear on the screen . a dotted line extend from the blade to a spot low on the thigh ; the scalpel plunge into the animated thigh -- we do not see the rest . only cypher 's single blink and slight shift , accept the painful reality to come . cypher look in the med-kit . see a cylinder mark '' narcotic . '' look at the side - effect on the cylinder 's side . he read the word , '' impair vision , dizziness , drowsiness . '' cypher look at the screen of kitai 's move Pov . he put the narcotic cylinder back in the med- kit untouched . a wave of pain engulf cypher . a + % 86 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 63. kitai ( voice through computer ) hey dad , you there ? CUT to : flashback : ext . nova prime battlefield trench 86 cypher be in military gear . he be in a battlefield trench . there be other soldier with he . there be a moment of peace . senshi appear on he navi-band . he move it into the shadow to see she better . in the background we see she be in the old raige apartment . a young kitai be play in the background . senshi ( voice through computer ) dad , you there ? after earth revise pink 1/26/12 63a . in the background we see she be in the old raige apartment . a young kitai be play in the background . senshi ( voice through computer ) dad , you there ? after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 cypher smile . cypher I be here . she hold up the old copy of moby Dick . senshi ( voice through computer ) a boy I know have this . it 's a real book , from a museum . it 's moby Dick . cypher not fully pay attention . cypher mm hmm ... senshi he say I could even hold on to it . that get he attention -- cypher hold on to what --? senshi the book , dad . she laugh at she dad 's expression . and he laugh , too . she have that effect on he . cypher stare at he daughter , so full of life and possibility , the future personify . senshi do they really kill this whale ? cypher we , senshi . for they oil . and they almost disappear . just before the Age of carbon fuel ... CUT to : 87 present : int . transport ship cockpit - morning kitai ( voice through computer ) dad , you there ? over . cypher recover from the pain , clear he throat , collect himself before he speak . cypher copy . 64 . 87 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 64a . cypher turn he eye to holographic display . 88 89 after earth revise pink 1/26/12 65 . cypher cadet , the Earth 's rotational cycle be short than back home . you have six hour to reach the first geothermal site . over . kitai ( voice through computer ) Roger . CUT to : ext . rift valley - day kitai move along a jag fissure in the ground . rock jut up from the darkness below as if someone crack the surface of the Earth like a egg . the sun be intensely strong . cypher ( voice through communicator ) let 's stay in the shade as much as possible . direct sunlight be intensely carcinogenic . you must limit exposure . over . kitai Roger that . cypher ( voice through computer ) the rain use to be acidic , but it do not seem to be a problem now . Green slope away on either side of the fissure in the earth . kitai be make good progress . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - day cypher check image from the probe cameras . # 11 be knocked as a large animal brush past -- a huge evolved giraffe . the animal now look into the camera . the giraffe rear up on two leg . the computer send cypher information -- giraffa camelopardalis .. giraffe . cypher look at the live image of the giraffe with awe . it be like see a live dinosaur . then the giraffe swat at the camera . the camera evade . cypher hit the cockpit recorder . 88 89 90 91 after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 66 . cypher probe camera unable to detect sign of ursa in the wild . CUT to : ext . forest landscape - day kitai arrive at the mouth of the forest . a gorgeous view of endless thick valley of forest . kital ( check he navi-band ) twenty kilometer , one hundred eighty - four minute . request breather , Da ... ( catch himself ) sir . cypher ( voice through communicator ) negative . ( beat ) you have get three hour to reach the hot spot . that 's plenty of time . hydrate now and keep move . kitai flip up a hydration tube from he backpack and drink as he move deeper into the forest . kitai swallow he irritation and move into the forest . CUT to : ext . redwood forest - day kitai be in a profound forest . the tree be gigantic - twenty foot in diameter - three hundred foot high . kitai move carefully through the many shadow in the forest . he peer cautiously into the foliage all around he . kitai suddenly look down and notice he lifesuit have become jet black . its surface have turned harder and have bump like a armor . kitai instantly stop walk and become steel . kital my suit 's become black . I like it but I think it 's something bad . over . cypher ( voice through communicator ) you suit 's make of smart fabric . it have motion sensor . ( more ) 90 91 * after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 66a . cypher ( voice through communicator ) I be tracking a lifeform move near you from the west . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 67 . kital the ursa ? over . cypher ( voice through communicator ) negative . it 's smaller . bio sign read only a meter- and - a-half long . kitai stand motionless . beat . kital ( be you kid I ? ) I be a meter- and - a- half long ! over . cypher ( voice through communicator ) it 's close rapidly from the west . do not move ! it be what it be . relax . go ready . try to give I visual . creature on this planet have evolve from the one we have on record because of radiation burst . cypher ( voice through communicator ) it 's at fifty meter , forty , thirty ... kitai be breathe erratically . cypher ( voice through communicator ) it 's slow down . twenty ( long pause ) ten ... kitai stand at the ready . he can hear plant be snapped ! cypher ( voice through communicator ) ( whisper ) it 's right there , kitai . kitai in a panicked whisper . kital I do not see it ! I do not see anything . cypher ( voice through communicator ) relax , cadet . recognize you power . this will be you creation . slowly from the forest - a small evolve baboon creature . its face be hauntingly human , but it walk on all four . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 67a . at least it would if it have not lose one of its appendage in what look like might have be a fight . CUT to : 92 93 94 95 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 68. int . transport ship cockpit - day cypher get a visual from kitai 's lifesuit camera and on the screen come a full description of the creature . cypher it 's fine , kitai . be still . let it pass . do not startle it . CUT to : ext . dense forest - day kitai pick up a rock and threaten . sound be dopplere , he vision tunneling . kital back up ! the creature react with loud screech . cypher ( voice through communicator ) do not do anything ! CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - day cypher be piss ! cypher kitai , no ! CUT to : ext . dense forest - day kitai continue to threaten with the rock . kitali get the hell out of here ! cypher ( voice through communicator ) kitai , stop ! over . kitai throws the rock , glance off the baboon . the baboon just turn and leave . kitai almost hyperventilate . CUT to : 92 93 94 95 96 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 68a . int . transport ship cockpit - day cypher look at the holographic readout . kitai 's vital be spike . 96 97 98 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 69 . cypher you be create this situation ! be still . over . suddenly on the monitor fifteen dot begin move rapidly towards kitai . cypher ( to himself ) damn it ! ( beat ) cadet , get control of yourself ! listen to my instruction ! CUT to : ext . dense forest - day kitai feel like he way be work , the Way of the rock , when six of the creature blast through the foliage , screeching a bloodcurdle war cry . they surround kitai . kitai tap a pattern into the handle of the cutlass . the fiber retract into the handle and disappear . this be not what kitai want . he look up panicked he tap another pattern . the handle separate into two part . the fiber flatten out at the end , make two baton . kitai swing he new weapon in every direction . the creature begin charge and jump back , mimick kitai 's move . they study kitai and all begin to pick up stick and club , mimick the two end of the cutlass . cypher ( voice through communicator ) to you rear , cadet ! out to you rear ! kitai look to he rear sees the open and take off into the forest . the creature give chase . kitai slashes and dart wildly . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - day cypher get the chill firsthand camera view . he watch helplessly as kitai attempt to evade the raging creature . we see from the camera on kitai 's back - the creature getting closer . CUT to : 97 98 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 70 . 99 ext . dense forest - day 99 kitai be really fast . he leap off of rock and sprint through the dense forest . the creature in pursuit take to the tree and begin to overtake kitai . they begin snatching branch and large pine cone from the tree and hurling they at kitai . ten - twenty - now fifty creature fill the tree . swinging and jumping . all throwing huge projectile . kitai , miraculously , be not hit . then : kitai be struck in the CENTER of he back . he complete a forward roll with the fluidity of a gymnast . instantly he be back to he feet . CUT to : 100 int . transport ship cockpit - day 100 cypher sit in steely calm . cypher Cross the river , cadet ! I repeat , cross the river ! CUT to : 101 ext . raging river - day 101 kitai come to the bank of a raging river . he look back . he can hear the creature coming . he secure he cutlass and dive into the river . fifty creature continue a relentless barrage of the branch and large pine cone . the river explode with the unyielding volley . CUT to : 102 int . transport ship cockpit - day 102 cypher watch the underwater view in all its glorious terror as kitai go up and down . bob underwater and above . kitai look back , give cypher the clear view that the creature be not follow . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 71 . cypher cadet , they be no longer in pursuit . CUT to : 103 ext . raging river - day 103 kitai be not register he father 's word . he exit the river on the other side and continue to flee frantically . his lifesuit have return to orange . cypher ( voice through communicator ) ( calmly ) I say again , they be not follow you . over . kitai sprint wildly . cypher ( voice through communicator ) cadet , you be not be follow ! take a knee . over ! kitai slow when he reach a clear and again take out the cutlass he make a three - hundred - sixty degree turn , prepare to fight anything in he vicinity . cypher put my damn cutlass away . CUT to : 104 int . transport ship cockpit - day 104 cypher watch the madden 360 - degree pivot . cypher take a knee , cadet . CUT to : 105 ext . forest clearing - day 105 kitai kneel on one knee . his eye be large and frantic . he try to settle he breathe . seem to calm himself . CUT to : after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 72. 106 107 int . transport ship cockpit - day 106 cypher watch he son . cypher if you want to die today that 's fine , but you be not go to kill I today . you be not out here by yourself . everything you do affect I . I see right now that you do not have the intelligence to think for yourself , so I will be you brain . you do not think . cypher rub he eye . then : beep . beep . beep ... cypher look to kitai 's vital sign readout . cypher ( concerned ) kitai , I need you to do a physical assessment . I be show rapid blood contamination . be you cut ? CUT to : ext . forest clearing - day 107 kitai do not respond . he be shell - shocked . he do not seem like a cadet right now . he seem like a child . his lifesuit have turn yellow . cypher ( voice through communicator ) ( sternly ) kitai , I need you to do a physical evaluation ! be you bleeding ? over . slowly , kitai regains himself and begin to check he body . he try to stand , but be suddenly unsteady and off-balance . cypher ( voice through communicator ) kitai ? kital I be dizzy . cypher ( voice through communicator ) check yourself . + eh HH hk * after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 72a . kitai look at he hand . on he right wrist he spot a evolved leech-like parasite . he pull it off . it tear he skin . a nasty rash quickly blossom across he skin on he wrist . cypher ( voice through communicator ) ( ultra calm ) open you mo -kit , kitai . kitai reach for he belt . his face anxious now . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 73. kital ( groggy ) I can not stand up . kitai open the med-kit . cypher take he vocal tone into complete certainty and calm . he know that he cannot betray even a hint of tension . cypher ( voice through communicator ) ( measure and comforting ) you have to administer the antitoxin in sequence . inject yourself with the clear liquid first . do it now ! kitai take the first hypodermic from the mo - kit , pop off the protective cap . his hand be tremble . kital dad . I can not see . cypher ( voice through communicator ) the poison be affect you nervous system . relax . stay even . kitai fumble twice with the needle . he stop , look up , look around , he eye dilate and swell close . his panic deepen . the vein of he right hand be turn black . kital dad , please come help I . I can not see ! please come help I ! cypher ( voice through communicator ) stay even ! inject yourself directly into the heart with the first stage now ! kitai take a deep breath , grimace as he remove the top of he lifesuit and stick himself in the chest with the hypodermic , press the plunger . we hear a discharge SOUND . cypher ( voice through communicator ) now the second stage . hurry . kitai snatch he backpack off and fumble around blindly in the med-kit . cypher ( voice through communicator ) you leave , to you leave ! kitai find the second hypodermic . he eye now completely swollen close . his hand shaking badly , he just about manage to remove the protective cap . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 74 . he stick himself with the second hypodermic , but he thumb just hover over the plunger , unable to move . kital I can not feel my hand ! I can not ... kitai 's eye roll back , flicker . on the verge of lose consciousness . he fall to he knee . cypher ( voice through communicator ) Press it into the ground ! kitai , roll over on it and press it into the ground ! with a final effort , kitai throw himself forward , the plunger depress against the ground as he slump over . kitai 's limp body lie motionless . CUT to : 108 int . transport ship cockpit - day 108 cypher watch as kitai 's blood contamination level begin to slowly decrease . the red beep light turn to yellow , signal a slow return of kitai 's vital sign to normal . cypher great work , cadet . now you be go to have to lie there . CUT to : 109 ext . forest clearing - day 109 kitai 's body . hauntingly still . alone . cypher ( voice through communicator ) the parasite that stung you have a paralyze agent in its venom . you be just go to have to lie there for a little bit while the antitoxin do its job . CUT to : 110 int . transport ship cockpit - day 110 cypher be precise , but kitai 's backpack camera brutally capture kitai 's swollen face . a single tear roll from a lifeless eye . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 75 . 111 112 this be excruciate . cypher , unable to aid he son , struggle for control in a uncontrollable situation . CUT to : ext . forest clearing - day from a distance we see how small kitai be in this huge cruel forest . the sun perilously slip beyond its apex . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - day cypher glance at the timer . his lifeless son . we pan around cypher to a full - frame view of kitai - seemingly close , yet so far . he stare at he son . CUT to : after earth revise pink 1/26/12 76 . 113 114 ext . forest clearing - dusk 113 the sun be now treacherously low in the sky , threaten to drop . a chilly breeze begin to blow through the retreate forest . plant begin to close in anticipation of the brutal night freeze . kitai still lie motionless . the swell be go from he face but he eye be still close . his lifesuit be orange . cypher ( voice through communicator ) kitai . no response . a gentle dusting of frost begin to form on and around kitai 's weaken frame . cypher grow increasingly distress . the wind howl with ferocious intention . cypher ( voice through communicator ) kitai , it 's time to get up . kitai 's eye give no sign of life . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - dusk 114 cypher look at he son 's beautiful face , praying for any muscle twitch or flicker of life . cypher kitai , I want you to blink you eye . still nothing . there be a long beat . we vaguely hear kitai breathe . a tiny hint of ice show on he leave eyebrow . cypher ( deeply concerned ) Son , I need you to please blink you eye . slowly ... and ever so slightly ... kitai open he eye . kitai ( face on the screen ) ( xaspy voice ) hey , dad . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 77 . kitai still look directly into he backpack camera speak to cypher . we see a full - frame image of kitai . cypher stare at the monitor and the bio-readings and exhales profoundly . kitai ( face on the screen ) ( weakly ) that suck . kitai awkwardly begin to stand and gather he gear . cypher ( voice through communicator ) the temperature be drop five degree every ten minute . you have get twelve kilometer to the hot spot . CUT to : 115 int . transport ship cockpit - dusk 115 kitai 's vital be stable . he have gather he gear and be ready to go . cypher return to General mode . cypher let 's see that '' ten kilometer in fifty minute " that you speak about earlier , cadet . CUT to : 116 ext . forest clearing - dusk 116 kitai set he navi-band and turn to the north . kital ( still weak ) Sir , yes , sir . CUT to : 117 ext . forest landsccape - dusk 117 kitai sprint ruggedly over the vicious terrain . Signs of the deep freeze be prominent and extreme . animal scramble underground . it begins to lightly snow . cypher ( voice through communicator ) sitrep ? after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 78. 118 kital ten mike out . good . all good . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - dusk the word '' arterial shunt '' stare back at cypher from the mo screen . he pull a long , narrow tub from the med- kit and a thin surgical knife . he open a arm on the flat box and lock it to he chair . the box be now position over he leave thigh . he rip the side of he uniform , expose the side of the leg . we see a nasty gash on the side of he leg . the holographic screen show cypher 's arteries and vein in a graphic . one have be severe and separate . the reality be far worse than any animation could ever be . cypher cast a quick glance to kitai 's view , as he sprint through the snowy landscape . a reminder of what 's at stake . without fanfare , cypher plunge the thin knife into the side of he leg . his face and demeanor tighten under the strain . on the holographic screen we see the scalpel CUT into the flesh reaching the end of the severe artery . after reach it , he pull the knife out . cypher take a few prepare breath , focus he eye on kitai 's view of the pass nature , before do it again , higher on the thigh . the knife again cut through he thick muscle . we see it reach the other severe end . cypher recover the knife . cypher be shaking uncontrollably for a moment . he stare at a point in the distance and regains he composure . he insert the tub in one of the incision in he leg . we watch the holographic image of the tube move toward the artery . it slip into the artery . we watch the artery close around it . a tear from effort and pain fall down cypher 's cheek . he look around wildly , like a wolf catch in a trap . he scream and turn toward lens , then look again . as the camera find the general calmly watch he . + % + + % + + % % + + after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 78a . the general I get this . cypher 's face become emotionless . he remove all reaction from he face . he grab the thin tub from the med-kit . cypher be shaking again as he grab the other end of the tube and insert it into the second incision . this end slip into the rag end of the severe artery . the fit be less perfect . cypher wiggle it , almost pass out from pain . readout : arterial shunt 87 % effective . cypher look down and see what we see . blood start flow through the sagging tube hang out of he leg . the artery begin flow again . good enough for now . the word , '' arterial shunt '' disappear from the screen . cypher 's head hit the back of the loader . blood continue to flow through the tube . cypher stare at the screen of he son 's Pov . he strain to stay conscious . we hear kitai 's voice over the computer as he run . kitai ( voice through computer ) five mike out . ( feel he oat ) who be not advanced to Ranger ? who be it ? watch he go . watch he go . + % + after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 79 . 119 cypher stare , on the verge of unconsciousness . his eye close . his eye open . his eye close . CUT to : flashback : int . military ship - night 119 a drop captain yell . drop captain five mike out ! he yell this to the ranger wait in the ship . cypher hold a piece of 12x15 smart fabric in he hand . this be like a future iPad that can be roll or fold . on the fabric be the face of senshi . she sit at a table with a birthday cake in front of she . there be nineteen candle . faia and a nine- year- old kitai sit together . senshi wave the moby Dick book at the camera . senshi ( voice from screen ) there 's this character , the savage . he have a shrunken head . so cool ! he 's my favorite character . cypher ( distract ) he 's a good character . something interesting happen to he later . she hold up the cake toward she father . senshi dad , you help I . cypher no senshi , you go ahead . you blow . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 80 . senshi ( voice from screen ) come on , dad . blow . cypher glance at the ranger watch he . cypher now , you know there 's no way I can actually do that from here . senshi no , I think you can . cypher faia , why do not you step in here and help the girl ? faia come into frame -- faia you can do it . senshi I know you can . cypher shoot a glance over he shoulder . a ranger stand there , stone -face . cypher look at the cake . senshi 's expectant face . he lean forward quickly and blow -- the candle blow out as by magic . then kitai 's face lean into the frame , laugh . he blow out the candle . cypher 's family laugh . cypher happy nineteenth birthday , senshi . a alarm goe off in the ship . all rangers looking at cypher . cypher I have to go . cypher tap the smart fabric in he hand . it turn off . he tuck it away . all the ranger in the ship stand . they strap on they gear . they look to they leader . the back of the ship begin to open . cypher stare at it as it open . cypher ranger ! in formation ! move ! CUT to : after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 80a . 120 ext . geothermal node - dusk 120 a elevate volcanic area . steam rise from the ground . lush overripe fall tree , rich decay everywhere . kital hot Spot one arrival . ( check ) h plus forty - eight minute ! outside the geothermal zone , the forest in all direction be in a rapid freeze . entire forest of giant tree turn to ice . kitai begin to cough . kital Sir . I make it . I be here . CUT to : 121 int . transport ship cockpit - dusk 121 cypher pull out of he reverie , still recover from he effort . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 81. he ignore he own condition , check he son 's situation . he see the geothermal surround . see he son 's vital scrolling . cypher make sure you have everything . take you next inhaler . you oxygen extraction be bottome . CUT to : 122 ext . geothermal node - dusk 122 kitai open the med-kit . kitai 's face change . we see of the five remain vial , two have be broken . kitai quickly close the case , hide the content from cypher 's view . kitai 's face blanch at the realization . he do not have enough breathe fluid . kitai be devastate . cypher ( voice through communicator ) use the next dose of breathe fluid . kital ( strain not to cough ) I be good , dad . I do not need it right now . CUT to : 123 int . transport ship cockpit - early evening 123 cypher look at he son . the general radiate stillness . cypher okay . and he continue to stoically watch kitai . CUT to : after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 81a . 124 124a 124b 125 126 ext . geothermal node - early evening 124 kitai pause . the weight of the world crash down on he . his struggle for breath increase . he cough . his chest make a hollow wheeze sound . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - early evening 124a still cypher say nothing . just wait . he watch stoically as kitai 's struggle amplify . his cough more brutal . the impossibility of life on earth without oxygen supplementation again become vividly clear . the medical computer compound thing -- tell cypher : * '' arterial shunt 70 % effective . '' cypher 's pallor be grey . * he quickly realize the shunt be slipping on the rag end . * he see fresh blood run down to the floor . * the medical computer be tell he to commence transfusion . * cypher need four unit of o positive . * but all he care about , all he can hear , be kitai 's cough . * more brutal , now . the impossibility of life on earth without * oxygen supplementation again become vividly clear . * kitai 's face contort with pain on the holographic screen . * CUT to : omitted 124b * omitted 125 * flashback : int . old raige apartment - night 126 Three year - old kitai march around in pj 's and he father 's huge boot , struggle to hold cypher 's cutlass . cypher that line be tight , son . kitai beam with pride . faia 's '' capture '' the home movie -- kitai safe in he pj 's hug he father . after earth the little boy straighten up and give a salute . revise yellow 2/24/12 cypher and now it 's time for one junior officer to head off to bed . kital noooo -- cypher that 's a direct order from a superior officer , son . lean down and talk seriously to he son . cypher we never disobey a order . not at home , not when deploy . kital yes , sir ! cypher and give you mother a kiss , tell she you love she . cypher look over at faia . cypher one day I be just go to be ' kitai 's dad . 's cypher 81b . * after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 82. 126a ext . geothermal node - early evening 126a * kitai slowly break down . finally , reluctantly , he take the second vial of breathing fluid . rapidly , he oxygen need be meet , he chest slow . kital second dose of breathe fluid complete . over . cypher ( voice through communicator ) Count off remain so you can keep track . over . kitai take a long pause . his face flushed with shame . kital ( a painful lie ) four vial remain , sir . as a pack of wolve slink past , find a spot . nearby deer lie down to sleep . magnificent bison side by side with resting tiger . kitai realize all manner of beast and insect have sought the same refuge as if in some kind of survival accord . at night , while the earth be freeze , it 's game off . kitai stare at monkey with bioluminescent eye . he duck further back into the musty hollow of a rotting tree and the sky open with a downpour of biblical proportion , unlike anything we have ever imagine . kitai be miserable . CUT to : after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 83. 127 int . geothermal node - night 127 * kitai look up from he shelter under the giant fall tree . he 's watch a bee that have a leg catch in a spider web . the bee tug , pull the gossamer thread , which send a message down the line ... after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 84 . a spider , big as a fist , emerge , rush down to the bee . the spider dart in , lay another line . the bee try to sting . the spider back up . as the sky strobe , kitai watch this battle , rapt . the bee fight against the bind thread , which also seem to alert the spider exactly to the bee 's location and strength . as the bee tire , the spider circle closer . the bee stop buz its wing . and the spider back up , seemingly blind without the frantic thrashing of its prey . kitai 's face light up , even more rapt , through the web . as the spider begin carefully testing each thread for its tension -- when the spider come upon the thread upon which the bee rest , he make another assault -- the bee again flail wildly , pull against its bond . the spider come in low , its own venomous fang visible . the bee go still again , cease to fight , and again the spider seem to become confuse , back up , testing the tension on the line until it locate the bee again . the seemingly helpless , exhausted bee barely struggle , tracking the spider circle across its web . then the huge spider charge for the '' kill . '' the bee snap to life , buz up , snap the silky thread , fly up and over the spider , sink its stinger into the soft , exposed back of the spider . sting again and again then fly up and away , still hold by a thread stick to its leg as if tethere ... the poisoned spider move slowly , sluggishly , drunkenly to the middle of its web . the bee , which can not get away and cannot land , be slowly exhaust , and die hang from the thread . kitai be in a kind of awe that exist beyond pity . kitali dad ..? dad -- CUT to : 128 int . transport ship cockpit - night 128 cypher rouse from semi-consciousness . cypher may not be sure if he himself be awake or in the past . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 85 . cypher I be here . sitrep ? kitai ( voice through computer ) how do you beat it ? how do you first ghost ? tell I how you do it . cypher stare at he son , so young in the eerie light . cypher begin matter - of-factly . cypher I be at the original nova Sea of serenity , the settlement . everyone have get off safely . I be just out walk , I be take a walk -- something you be never suppose to do -- and you know there 's that novian centipede ... one drop on my neck . I ... I do not like centipede . at all . it startle I . right at that moment a ursa de - camo 's not more than five foot away . look like the canyon wall , if the canyon wall suddenly grab you and jump really high in the air , I mean it be just daydream . centipede . Air . then we be in the river , we be roll over and over underwater as it try to crush I . finally settling on the bottom . ( beat ) we do not know much about ursa at this point . do it breathe oxygen ? can it swim ? it 's on top of I and I can not move . and everything just slow down . I see sunlight come down through the water and I see my blood bubbling up . and I think that 's really pretty . and I think of faia . she be pregnant with you , and close , too . half - moon 's cycle away , maybe 23 day . she be so beautiful . ( beat ) and suddenly I know one thing with perfect clarity and it obliterate all other thought : there be no way I be gonna die before I have meet my son , before I meet you . ( beat ) and I realize it 's let go of I . and more than that I can tell it can not find I . ( more ) * hhh HH hhh a HH hf hhh a HH hf hhh hf HH hf HH HH HH hf HH HH hf after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 85a . 129 130 cypher ( cont 'd ) it do not even know where to look ... see , I think we be all just tell ourselves a story . and mine change . CUT to : ext . geothermal node - night 129 kitai , deeply move by what he father have just say , take in the majesty of the geothermal safe zone . animal all rest in close proximity to one another . kitai , though exhaust , will not sleep this night . fade to black . fade in : ext . geothermal node - dawn 130 the single SUN of earth be rising somewhere . kitai , eye fight sleep , watch the sun crack the horizon . as soon as the light be up , so be kitai . he take he gear . + after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 86. cypher ( voice through communicator ) fourteen kilometer from the fall . that 's we halfway checkpoint . over . kital reading you . kitai begin he day 's trek , slow and steady , feel the weight of the immense sleep - deprive distance he must cover . CUT to : 131 int . transport ship cockpit - morning 131 the lake of blood around cypher be quickly become a crimson sea . on the holographic screen : arterial shunt - 58 % ... transfusion critical . 7 unit need . cypher turn off the screen with no emotion , ignore the pain , ignore the lake of blood around he . turn again to he son 's Pov . CUT to : 132 ext . forest terrain - day 132 kitai have be hack he way with he cutlass . he pause , very tired . take a swig of water . eat a nutrition bar from he pack . cypher ( voice through communicator ) Seven kilometer from the fall . kitai Roger . he ball up the paper , throw it on the ground . he begin to exit , then stop . he go back for the wrapper . which blows on a gust of wind . he almost get it as another gust carry it through thick vegetation . he brushes into the darker terrain , finally lunging -- get the pesky paper . then slowly looking up -- 133 ext . trampled forest - day 133 reveal : tree have be ripped down . dozen of baboon slaughtered . a violent confrontation have taken place . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 87 . 134 135 136 137 kitai see some of the creature tear in two . a bloody battle that be more of a '' crime scene . " kital what could do this ? CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - day 134 cypher read the hideous sight . cypher double-time it . we need to make it to the fall . hurry ! CUT to : ext . forest landscape - afternoon 135 kitai walk quickly and cautiously under the eerie forest canopy . boooommmmm ! kitai duck , he cutlass at the ready . in the distance : a volcano erupt spewing rock and sulfur mile into the AIR . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 136 cypher frantically check he instrument . cypher volcanic eruption . twenty kilometer east . there be volcanoe all over the planet now . you '‘re fine . keep move . CUT to : ext . forest landscape - afternoon 137 * kitai settles himself and move on . CUT to : after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 88 . 138 int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 138 cypher focus intently on the screen . cross fade to : 139 ext . steep forest hill - afternoon 139 kitai carefully and methodically tap a combination into he cutlass . the handle separate . the cutlass fiber form two pick - a foot -and-a-half long . he begin to use the pick to scale the steep hill . CUT to : 140 int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 140 cypher hold he breath as kitai climb . he can tell how tired kitai be , he breathe heavy . kitai ( voice through computer ) be there anything behind I ? over . cypher negative . CUT to : 141 ext . steep forest hill - afternoon 141 suddenly : kitai freeze he cock he head in the listen position . the moment be tense . a SOUND . it's like static in the distance . kitai I hear something . ( listen ) I think it 's water . a lot of it . cypher ( voice through communicator ) you be close . keep hustling . kitai climb faster , digging further into energy reserve . CUT to : after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 89 . 142 ext . the continental shelf - afternoon 142 kitai step out of the thickness of the foliage . he push the last of the leave with he hand . he emerge onto a rocky ledge . he connect the cutlass together . it contract back to just the handle . he snap it to he back . it stick magnetically . the SOUND around kitai be deafening . kitai 's face register the preternatural beauty before he . a waterfall - '' the eternal fall " - the length of the grand canyon , stretch out on either side of he as far as he can see . it fall a thousand feet to the landmass below . a uncountable number of bird circle in flock . we now realize this be where two continent of earth have smashed into each other . kitai stare at the lower mass of land . its greenness disappear into a mist in the distance . cypher ( voice through communicator ) inventory you remain . kitai slowly begin unload he gear . kital Roger . food ration - half available ... flare - full ... Med - kit - half available ... breathe fluid - kitai hesitates . be he go to lie ? kitai breathe fluid four vial available . cypher ( voice through communicator ) why be not you show I the case ? - let I see it . kital what ? cypher ( voice through communicator ) let I see the breathe fluid case . over . kital why ? after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 90 . cypher ( voice through communicator ) cadet , let I see the case . beat . kitai hold the case up . two vial remain . silence . kitai wait for cypher 's response . kital Sir ? a long beat . finally -- cypher ( voice through communicator ) you be go to have to come back to the ship . kital what ? why ?! cypher you lie to I ! kital I be scared ! I think you would think I be stupid ! cypher ( voice through communicator ) I tell you to stop think ! you have reach abort criterion . you need a minimum of three inhaler to make it to the tail . you have exhaust you resource . abort mission . kitai hang he head . he look out at the Falls . kital I have get eighty percent . I could sky it -- cypher ( voice through communicator ) come back to the ship , cadet . kital you say we would both die if I do not make it to the tail . CUT to : 143 int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 143 cypher be seriously weaken , but he fight upright . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 90a . cypher a error in strategy on my part . I take full responsibility . now , I give you a direct order . CUT to : after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 91 . 144 ext . continental shelf - afternoon 144 kitai begin pace back and forth , very emotional -- kital a error in strategy ? what error be that ? trusting I ? depend on I ? take I with you ? that error in strategy -- cypher ( voice through communicator ) take a knee , cadet . his pace take he closer to the edge . kital I remember you happy . I remember be happy . and then , and then she 's go , and you be never go to be happy again , never gonna be my dad again -- cypher ( voice through communicator ) take a knee , cadet ! kitai have get right up to the edge of the fall . the mist , the bird , the incredible roar of the water far , far below . kital I do not know what to do . I do not know . I ... I ... what do you want I to do ? cypher ( voice through communicator ) nothing , you do the right thing . now come back . kitai whirling , yell at he father , the heaven -- kital what did you want I to do !!?? cypher cadet -- kital what be I supposed to do !!?? losing it , kitai start to cry , yelling louder -- kitai she give I a order ! she told I no matter what . ( more ) after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 92 . kitai ( cont 'd ) she be a ranger and my sister and I never listen and she give I a order ... be I supposed to come out and die , too ? CUT to : 144a int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 144a and we see the House of cypher split in two . in he delirium , the two side of he nature be in stark battle . general tell he the truth . father no . kitai ( voice through computer ) be I supposed to die ? general tell he the truth ! kitai ( voice through computer ) be I ? ( beat ) answer I !! cypher ( softly ) yes . what kitai have dread most , this truth . cypher yes --!! and cypher be now snapping -- cypher / general because we fight and we die , but we don't hide and watch while our family be kill . so yes you should have come out and yes you should have died -- CUT to : after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 92a . 144b ext . continental shelf - afternoon 144b kitai have hear say what he be most afraid of and it do not kill he . and now he can say it -- kital and where be you ? ( beat ) where be you when my sister be kill ? she call out for you . she call out you name , dad . she call and you be not there ... because you be never there . CUT to : 145 int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 145 a sledgehammer blow back at cypher . from he own son . no one 's ever say that out loud to he , the thing he be think , but could never say , he own great guilt and shame and he 's reeling and we be slowly pushing on he as ... cypher /father he be only nine -- ( General ) he be a raige ! ( father ) a child -- what could he have do ? ( General ) fight ! exhaustion , pain , etched on cypher 's entire be . kitai ( voice through computer ) because somewhere there be something more important ... what be it ? you have never tell I . cypher * ( almost to himself ) * my oath ... * and suddenly it all just go out of he and he 's spend -- * cypher * come back to the ship . I be sorry . * nothing from kitai . * after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 93. 146 ext . the eternal fall - afternoon 146 kitai stand there , hyperventilate from the emotion . camera circle as he hear he father speak -- cypher ( voice through communicator ) I give you a order , cadet . kital ( beat ) my name be kitai ! and this be my oath . he turn , take two step and dive off the cliff ! Ground disappear from under he in a dizzying move -- and cypher may not even realize he’s yelling out -- cypher ( voice through communicator ) kitai ... no --!! for a moment - sublime peace . arm outstretch , body float in the air -- suddenly he lifesuit release fabric from he legs to he outstretched arm -- and he soar downward -- past the waterfalls , he change direction like a kite over the river toward the lush landscape below -- he lifesuit turn black . he fly in a free- fall dive , insanely fast past rock wall , over ledge -- out over the dappling river below , he face rippling from the force of the wind -- it 's awesome -- then suddenly something strike he in the AIR -- CUT to : 147 int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 147 cypher see something that we do not . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 94 . 148 149 150 151 cypher kitai , watch out ! CUT to : ext . eternal fall - afternoon 148 kitai be Pov - our first glimpse -- a massive bird - like creature - a descendent of a condor . the condor -like creature circle around for another attack . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 149 cypher get a full view from kitai' lifesuit - cam . a huge bird , skilled hunter , bank effortlessly and take AIM at kitai . CUT to : ext . eternal fall - afternoon 150 kitai pull he arm to he side and legs straight as arrow , a torpedo effect as he slice through the AIR . then crack - the creature strike at kitai again , he razor - sharp talon just missing kitai be face . kitai free -fall awkwardly . we can't tell , but he may be unconscious . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 151 cypher watch as the vicious airborne predator make a third attempt on he son' life . on screen , the creature appear to be coming straight toward cypher . closer . closer . closer . cypher try to get out of he seat . cypher scream and be forced back down . he wince through he terror and agony and stare at the screen . on the screen the creature lets out blood - chilling screech . then : straight into camera - baaaammmm ! after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 95 . slam to black . 151a int . raige live structure - day 151a * we be in nova prime in the raige live structure . * two official - look man knock on the door . faia answer . * they say something and step inside . * we do not hear what they say as they speak to faia . she * begin scream . they bow they head as she scream in * despair . * the two official - look man continue to look away as faia * cry . * fade to black : * fade in : 152 int . nest of creature - afternoon 152 kitai slowly come to . he feel something . a soft pecking at he cheek . he brushes at it with a hand . his eye open to find he 's look at a newborn baby bird , easily three foot tall , nuzzling at he from a inch away . kitai jump back . realize he 's cover in something . it be clear and liquidy . he belch for breath and begin wiping it off . the first thing he can make out be the patchwork of light around he . there be pattern of light made by the gap between the intertwined branch all around he . the baby bird be make a I be hungry sound to he . he slowly turn , notice there be four - foot egg - like shape in the structure with he . and they have all begun to crack . more dark - looking newborn creature - there slick wing open and folding into the AIR . kitai look down . he can see through the bottom of the structure through the gap in the branch - whoa - herd of animal ... evolved rhinos and evolved elephant in a valley beneath US ... one -hundre -and-fifty feet below ! there be a open in the structure of branch . kitai can see a enormous tree branch extend back to a enormous tree . on the branch at the base of the tree limb be a massive bird - like creature . the descendant of a condor - it stand over six feet tall . when it open its wing , its wingspan be over fifteen feet . its beak be razor - sharp . it stand guard at the end of the branch . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 95a . kitai take in everything . eye darting around . kitai look around and see he backpack tear in the corner . clipped to it be he cutlass . kitai start move slowly towards he cutlass . the newborn creature in the egg-shape start break free of they egg . kitai reach the gear . kitai look down below and see a dark shape moving up the trunk of the tree . he can not make out what it be . one of the newborn creature move toward he . kitai push it away with he foot . it fall on its side , almost comically . something dark drop from high above onto the enormous branch . he unclip the cutlass with tremble hand . he tap in a combination on the handle . it extend to its six - foot length . one end have a sharp spear point . the other a flat blade . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 96 . the limb suddenly shake violently . he see through the open in the structure the massive condor - like creature fighting with a grey leopard - like beast . kitai can see glimpsis of they attack each other outside . this be kitai 's moment . he have a clear shot to jump to the branch below and escape . but just then , kitai sense a shadow . the branch shake . leopard -like creature appear on the outside of the branch - entwined structure . kitai can see there be other leopard -— like creature scaling the bottom of the structure . kitai look back at the newborn in the corner of the nest . they squawk at he . beat . kitai move back into the nest and stand in front of they . a huge leopard creature forearm burst between the branch and just miss kitai . creature 's paw reach through the branch everywhere . one of the newborn condor -like creature get struck . the branch begin to tear apart . kitai stab through the branch at one of the leopard - like creature . it cry out as the point of the cutlass pierce its fur . suddenly a entire section of the branch structure break apart . a huge leopard -like creature crawling on the section fall with it to the ground below . other section of the structure crack off . all that 's left be the BOWL of the structure . one of the leopard -like creature crawl over the edge and sink its claw into one of the newborn condor -like creature . kitai stab the leopard -like creature 's arm with he cutlass it reel back in pain and climb back over the edge . more leopard creature try to crawl in . kitai spin he cutlass , slicing one of the creature 's paw . kital leave they alone ! the massive condor on the limb suddenly clutch the leopard creature by a hind leg , flapping her broad wing , drag it struggling off the branch and into the AIR . then dropping it -- the huge creature falling , turning in the AIR , until it thud into the earth far below . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 the massive condor -like creature swoops in and snatch 97 . another leopard from behind , dragging it away from the tree , into the AIR , before releasing it to the death of gravity . a leopard creature reach another newborn . start mauling it . kitai rush forward and skewer the cat - like creature its side . it writhes back in pain , still clutching the newborn . both fall over the edge and plummet down . in kitai and the massive condor -like creature that bring he here fight off the last beast crawling underneath the structure . a final creature fall to its death . kitai turn and sees that none of the newborn remain in the nest . only shatter shell remain . the massive condor dive off the edge of the structure . kitai be unable to unclench he hand from the cutlass . CUT to : 153 ext . massive tree in jungle - afternoon kitai climb down the tree trunk . he carry he gear and cutlass on he back . he land on the ground and see in the foliage the massive condor-like creature hover over the body of a few of she newborn . the massive condor- like creature raise its head and scream ferociously . the unholy SOUND rip through the forest . as the condor -like creature touch its head to its lifeless newborn and then raise its head and scream again , kitai look at the creature again , and we see something shifting in he . he recognize that sound , that loss . kitai back up into the jungle and slip away . CUT to : 154 ext . dense jungle - afternoon kitai check he navi-band . his countenance change -- he presses the band frantically . nothing . there be a hole where a leopard creature slashed at he wrist . kital come on , no ! 153 154 * after earth revise pink 1/26/12 97a . kitai look around , panicked . all alone . his lifesuit have turn orange . he run through the dense jungle , speed up , scramble , crashing through , try to gain altitude to catch the SUN before it vanish . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 camera close on he shoulder as he break pass through a wall onto a strange plateau -- tries to stop -- sliding -- CUT to : 155 ext . ancient ruins - afternoon finally skidding to a stop . kitai look up and see the ruins of a dam . the sight be confusing to he . a shadow pass over he . kitai look up and see the descendant of a condor clipping the top of tree , flying recklessly , angrily . it 's scary , but could also be a form of self - flagellation , of guilt and sadness over the loss of its chick . then it rocket straig up toward the SUN . its every movement display anger over its loss . kitai can see he breath ; the temperature be drop rapidly . he also see in the bird 's recklessness in the aftermath of grief a echo of he own youth . he steady himself , get control , a new kitai emerge , one who be now angriest that he do not get the lesson sooner . tire , and lose , he begin run in the same direction as the giant bird . CUT to : 156 ext . jungle terrain - dusk kitai sprinting raggedly , look for shelter . the sun drop like a stone in the sky . CUT to : 157 int . transport ship cockpit - dusk cypher , in pain and physical exhaustion , drive only by concern for he son , work all of the probe cameras simultaneously . image blasting at he . cypher come on . where be you ? all manner of earth terrain , scanned in blink of a eye . CUT to : 98. 155 ht 156 ss 157 * a + after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 99 . 158 159 160 ext . jungle - dusk 158 the plant begin to close . the night frost be upon we . kitai look leave , then right . nothing . we feel he doom . then he see a SMALL hog -like creature run along . kitai notice the hog-like creature seem neither worried nor lose . so he follows it , use all he agility and quickness , under bush , over pile of rock , around tree trunk -- he see it burrow into a hole in the ground as three smaller hog - like creature follow it into the hole . as a wall of icy night crack across the landscape toward he , kitai do not hesitate at all . he follow they . CUT to : ext . jungle terrain - early evening 159 kitai , frost form over he body , use a flat stone he have find to dig . he dig frantically at the hole the hog just enter . finally he be able to slide he body into it . CUT to : int . hog hole - early evening 160 kitai slide thirty foot down to a soft grassy surface . pitch black . kitai hit a area on he lifesuit . a light on he lifesuit illuminate the darkness . it be on he right shoulder . the fabric there actually glowing . kitai see this hog hole be actually a cave of smooth stone wall . kitai move between the narrow wall . the light from he suit illuminate the wall revealing beautiful hued cave painting . there be herd of bison shown on one wall . flock of bird on another . these be thirty -thousand -year-old painting of animal . there be a figure of a man sleeping , surrounded by various animal in nature . despite the crudeness there be a beauty and majesty to this place . kitai take in all the painting as he try to catch he breath . down below , a tiny rivulet of lava can be see moving in the darkness beneath this slanted pocket in the earth . kitai hear a noise . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 100 . a snake emerge from a seam in the wall of the cave . the snake spread its skin on either side of its body into what appear as wing . it float through the cavernous space . kitai move away , frightened . he watch the flying snake land on a rodent that be scurry in the darkness . it coil itself around the rodent . hold it for a few second , then fly away with the limp carcass . kitai move closer toward the warmth of the tiny rivulet of lava . he find a good spot , cutlass at the ready , ever watchful . kitai try to settle he mind , but can not . he be shaking . gradually the light of the lifesuit dim and go out . CUT to : 161 int . transport ship cockpit - night 161 delirious , cypher search for kitai . rapidly scrolling probe image . nothing . nothing . cypher want nothing but to find he son . probe after probe be empty . he think he see he on a screen . no . a apparition in he mind . he 's lose he son , lost he . and he break . just break from the weight of it . both of he child sacrifice to the raige altar . and he hear the voice of the general seemingly behind he -- general' voice stop it . cypher 's cry . can not control he shaking . general' voice stop it ! cypher can not or will not stop it . his tear -streak , loss - wrack face turn and for a moment he see that stern image of himself , of the General and they stare at each other a beat until the General disappear and cypher , the father , turn back to the search for he boy . cypher come on , come on ! where be you ? cypher slowly hit the cockpit recorder . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 101 . cypher General cypher raige . the mission with cadet kitai raige be a failure . beat . cypher look down . when he look up he be no longer the General . cypher this be a message for my wife . faia , it 's cypher . we son 's alive out there . I can not find he . ( beat ) I do not know what to do . cypher 's eye , the eye of a father , begin to fill with tear . CUT to : 162 int . cave of painting - morning 162 kitai 's cutlass sit on the ground . the camera slow pan across he gear . we see only one vial of breathing fluid remains . we hear a sort of scratch sound . it stop . reveal : kitai have be inspire by the cave painting . he have draw a huge map of he own ... his entire journey . complete with label . '' dad '' - '' baboon '' - '' river '' - '' waterfalls '' - '' nest '' - '' I am here , I think . '' the word '' tail somewhere here '' be mark by a huge area on the leave side of the map . he 's work out a plan . kitai get distract as he see the hog family start to leave the cave . kitai quickly gather he thing and follow they out . CUT to : 163 ext . hog hole - morning 163 kitai come to the surface and emerge . the mother pig look back as if to say '' you be welcome . '' a huge shadow fall over he . the descendant of a condor circle overhead . kitai clutches he cutlass , look to the dangerous bird above , and begin walk south . we see dark circle under he eye . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 102 . 164 165 166 the condor circle overhead . kitai check he cutlass and * begin walk south , navigating by a topographical feature he also sketch in the cave of man 's prehistory . CUT to : ext . dense jungle - afternoon 164 kitai hurry best he can , now look like one of that ultra - marathoner at the end of a three - day race . he glance up and barely catch the streaking figure of the descendant of a condor swooping behind a cluster of tree . he hold up he cutlass wearily and duck behind some thicker * tree to stay hide as he move . kital leave I alone ! CUT to : ext . cluster of tree - afternoon 165 kitai lumber along , all former spryness exhaust , come to a dead stop . sitting on a branch up in the canopy of tree be the massive condor - like creature . the creature be obscure by branch , but it be unmistakably watch he . it be also * unmistakably listless . move rapidly through the cycle of * grief , the descendant of the condor be in depression . * kitai hold he cutlass and walk by calmly . it stare down * eerily . as kitai pass , he start to run . then slow . CUT to : ext . jungle terrain - afternoon 166 kitai walk painfully . he be very tired and clearly fade . then the ground begins to shake . kitai look around , confuse . the SOUND - like boulder rushing toward he - grow louder . the ground shake violently . he suit have turned black with bump in its texture . then a herd of six - foot creature burst through the plant . they be like some evolved type of llama with shaggy hair . kitai deftly avoid the first creature , but be instantly caught in the stampede . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 102a . he be hit by the body of two frantically charging creature . he be knocked to the ground . powerful trampling hoove almost crush he . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 103. he lose he father 's cutlass . it get crushed and broken under the hoove of the creature . the SOUND be deafening . kitai barely make it to he feet . he be hit again . he fall among there trampling hoove . he be about to be crushed when suddenly he feel himself be jerked into the AIR . he be rising above the evolved llama creature . he keep rising and sees the entire stampede charging through the field of massive plant . he rise high enough to see the dazzling landscape of lush greenery . kitai feel himself safe above the stampede . kitai sees something metal glint in the far distance . the SUN catch something man -made in the natural landscape ... kitai register this just as he begins to plummet back to the ground . he fall toward the ground at a sharp angle . the ground rush up at a alarming rate . kitail meet the earth and roll hard into a open between colossal tree . he come to a stop and be day . he make , it to he feet . he look around , not knowing what just happened . his eye catch movement in the tree . he see the descendant of a condor close its wing as it perch back on a limb in the tree far above he . kitai stare up at it , eye still wild with adrenaline . he move he neck from side to side to alleviate the pain from the fall . the massive condor creature move its neck from side to side . kitai become still . stare at the creature above he . he move he head again side - to-side - this time intentionally . the condor creature mimic he again . kitai nod he thanks and it 's clear , whether he 's aware of it or not , that kitai be grow , change , interact very differently . he backpedal slowly into the jungle , turn , and hurry on . CUT to : 167 ext . jungle terrain - late afternoon 167 kitai approach the bank of a river . his lifesuit be orange . he immediately dump he gear in exhaustion . he fumble with he breathe fluid case . almost pass out . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 103a . then stare at the last vial . finally , he take the last fluid that allow he survival . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 104 . 168 169 kitai sit for a moment . he 's so tired . he could just give up . so easily . then he see a log float by in the river . he stare at it . he see a group of fall tree by the river 's edge . he struggle to he foot and start cut long vine that be hang from the tree . CUT to : ext . river' edge - late afternoon 168 kitai pull a small raft tie by vine to the edge of the river . he push it in and quickly jump on it . ext . serpentine river - late afternoon 169 kitai be lie on he back on the raft make of several log . the river be teeming with life . kitai stand in the center of the makeshift raft , use a long branch as a oar . then : a forty -foot anaconda swim alongside the raft . kitai hold he breath for what seem like forever . the snake quietly pass . there be thick , lush jungle on either side . it bend and reach out over the river . kitai relax into this gentle moment of calm . he lie down on he back . the tiny poetic figure of kitai float south through the breathtaking landscape . kitai be completely drain and fatigue . he take this opportunity to close he eye for the first time in nearly twenty - four hour . a symphony of the sound of life act as a haunt lullaby as kitai ... drift off to sleep . a hand reach out and touch he . girl 's voice ( 0.s. ) wake up . kitai open he eye . senshi sit on the raft with he . her hair hang to one side . she stroke he face gently . he look up and smile at he big sister . senshi it 's time for you to wake up . kital hey . he stare at she . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 105 . kital I be just about to come out that day . senshi no you be not . but you do the right thing . kital dad say I should have try . senshi he 's just mad at himself . that 's all . kital why could not you ghost ? she stare down at he . she touch he face again . senshi you be close right now . kital I be ? senshi be you scared ? kital no. I be tired . senshi that 's good . you fill you heart with something else . now you have get to get up . he look up at she . kital I memorize some of moby Dick . senshi kitai , get up . kital '' all that most madden and torment ; all that stir up the lee of thing ; " -- senshi kitai wake up . it 's time for you to wake up . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 106 . kitai cover he ear a little bit -- kital '' all truth with malice in it -- '' senshi kitai , wake up -- kital '' all that crack the sinew and cake the brain ; '' senshi look down , resign . her hair cover she face . when she look up suddenly , her face be mangle and bleeding from the attack . she yell through her mutilated face . senshi wake up ! CUT to : 170 ext . jungle terrain - dusk 170 kitai snap awake , disoriented . the freeze - over be in effect . the river be half -frozen . the raft be up against a riverbank . the jungle be turn gray . the rough gray underside of the plant become a carapace against the cold . kitai look around . he have lose a deadly amount of time . CUT to : 171 ext . jungle terrain - dusk 171 kitai sprint madly . frost form on he upper lip and atop he head . he lifesuit be yellow . ice form on the plant and tree around he . kitai struggle to keep move ... ice be forming on he lifesuit . up ahead , branch begin snapping . shrubbery falling to the ground . kitai be shiver violently , he arm wrap around himself . up ahead ... the descendent of a condor be high in the tree , shaking and violently breaking off leafy branch that tumble fifty feet to the ground . after earth revise pink 1/26/12 107 . 172 the jungle floor begin to freeze . kitai collapse to he knee . his face hit the hard , cold ground . ice form on he eyelids . he face turning blue . his vision fail . series of surreal , blurry , barely visible image . - kitai sees claw digging at the earth . - the entire jungle turn to ice . - kitai 's lifesuit have turned black . * suddenly , the condor creature attack . slam to black : fade in : ext . jungle terrain - morning 172 darkness . we hear breathing . a ray of sunlight flash across the screen , blinding US . kitai wake up in a nightmare . he be buried - trapped under something . he lifesuit be orange . he struggle to move . the * light be painful . kitai cover he eye and crawl toward the light . he force he way out of a leaf -covered ditch . he spill out onto the OPEN ground . a cloud - filled sky , but it be unquestionably morning . the ice be beginning to melt . it be still quite cold . kitai get to he foot . he look around bewilder . turn . he sees the condor -like creature lying over the makeshift nest he be in . he realize the mother condor have kept he warm through the night . he tap her . kital hey . ( tapping she again ) thanks . but she do not move . kitai realize that : she have freeze to death . kitai stand silently . stare . unable to move . moment of heavy silence , then he turn and move solemnly into the jungle . CUT to : after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 108. 173 174 174a 175 176 omit omit 173* 174 * ext . watering hole - day 174a * the subtle trail kitai have be on have lead to water . he emerge from the foliage , clearly at one with nature . he go to the edge of the pool , lean down , cup he hand , and drink steadily ... kitai glance over and slowly widen to reveal a group of okapi drink they fill . kitai silently acknowledge they mutual rights . and as we widen further , reveal to the other side a lioness and cub at the water . kitai be at one with he surroundings . in the water 's reflection , kitai catch he new visage , and what he see be self-knowledge look back at he , a new creature himself . ext . jungle terrain - day kitai search the terrain . he be look for something . he do not find it and continue on . he be experience labor breathe . CUT to : ext . grassland - day kitai move through tall grass . he clear he throat . his breathe fluid be wear off . a slight cough . then worse . it come on suddenly , escalate rapidly as the remain breathe fluid wear off from he system . he have real trouble catch he breath . it get worse still . he drop to he knee . and at that moment , something catch he eye , something shiny . he crawl toward it -- a jagged piece of off -white . number stenciled on it . the word , '' hesper '' appear . kitai reach down and pick up the foot- and - a- half piece of ship . kitai run excitedly forward . CUT to : + + + % % 175 176 * + + % after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 108a . 177 ext . jungle terrain - day 177 kitai run as well as he can with he dwindling oxygen . it 's like he 's be squeeze inside invisible plastic wrap as he lung fight for air . his cough be very frequent now . he pass another piece of ship and another ... he come to a wiry , strange - look tree . he climb aggressively . he make he way to the top and peer out over the dense jungle shrubbery and see : the enormous tail of the cargo ship . just visible up a hill . its reflective surface shimmering in the SUN . + % after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 109 . 178 179 180 181 the tail section have scorched a open flat of jungle terrain . kitai leap from the tree . CUT to : ext . OPEN jungle flat - day kitai struggle forward up the hill for the tail . he be cough and wheeze uncontrollably . with every step the beautiful structure become more visible . but he stumble , falling to the ground . he 's one hundre yard from the tail . he clutches he chest . he be choke . he use he sleeve to cover he mouth as he stand and move toward the tail . CUT to : int . transport ship tail section - day kitai be dizzy . his breath come in tear strip . his face red , he chest heaving ... as he desperately rummage through debris . he go to where the mo - kit should be -- it 's not there . he 's about to lose consciousness . whirl , light and dark merging -- his eye catch -- in the chaos and clutter -- a mo - kit , half - shred . he fall beside it , feebly tear into it , search , finally finding -- a entire pack of breathing fluid . he fumble and awkwardly ingest a inhaler . pause . catch he breath . then immediately ingest a second inhaler . Falls onto he back . his chest heaving for as much precious oxygen as it can get . CUT to : omit omit 178 + 179 + + % 180 * 181 * after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 110. 182 int . transport ship cockpit - day 182 * cypher be slump in he chair . his skin be gray . he move * he head in delirium . his eye be half - close . * slowly reveal a massive amount of blood loss . all around he . * we see on the med- screen that all of cypher 's blood level * be in the danger range . he potassium , creatinine , blood urea nitrogen and myoglobin level be off the chart . the arterial shunt have faile permanently . the computer can * do nothing but recommend immediate medical transport . * he glance at this message . immediate medical transport . * give the extreme unlikelihood of this come to pass , cypher * be out of option . he continue to live by sheer willpower alone . * * CUT to : 183 int . transport ship tail section - day 183 kitai have locate the second beacon . he place it in position * and we hear the heartwarming whir of the beacon cycling and signaling a ready alert . kitai see a set of cutlass C - 40s lock against a wall ina * storage compartment . he move towards it . CUT to : 184 int . transport ship cockpit - day 184 cypher writhes in he chair . sweat and blood and delirium . then a rhythmic beeping fill the ship . cypher stare at the screen with kitai 's vital on it . the line be moving . he son 's heartbeat in rhythmic peak and valley . kitai ( voice through computer ) dad ... be you there ? cypher eye be hazy and bewilder . breathe be shallow and labor . his mind slip deeper into rambling and delirium . one of the screen come to life . kitai 's grainy backpack -cam image come in blurred on the screen . the image be shaky . this be not a clear connection . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 110a . kitai be hold he backpack . he face the lens toward himself . cypher smile longingly see kitai 's face . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 111 . 185 186 the image of kitai 's face fill the monitor . kitai ( voice through computer ) dad ?... CUT to : int . transport ship tail section - day 185 kitai stare into the backpack camera . kital dad , I make it to the tail . over. CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - day 186 beat . cypher just gaze at the monitor . cypher look around to make sure he be not hallucinate . he look back at the screen . kitai be still there . beat . cypher clear he throat . cypher - be ... ( beat ) be you okay ? over . kitai ( voice through computer ) dad ? be you there ? over . cypher ( confuse ) kitai ... kitai ( voice through computer ) dad I make it to the tail . be you there ? cypher I be here ! kitai ( voice through computer ) dad , please copy . cypher I copy . kitai ( voice through computer ) it 's kitai . I make it . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 112. cypher there 's something wrong with the signal , kitai . kitai ( voice through computer ) ..- dad . kitai 's face fill with doubt and panic . kitai ( voice through computer ) ...- dad , you be still there , right ? can you hear I ? over. cypher ( emotional ) kitai ! I swear to you I be here ! kitai look down , desperation wash over he . kital dad , please - cypher gather he strength and slam the console . but the mere fact of he son 's survival have add time for cypher . CUT to : 187 int . transport ship tail section - day 187 kitai sit in the tail section of the transport ship hesper . he make a decision and put on he backpack . CUT to : 188 ext . transport ship tail section - day 188 kitai approach the crate from the storage hold . it now sit in jungle foliage on its side . kitai hold a cutlass out protectively at its six - foot length . as he come around , he see that the pod the ursa be in have be shatter . there be a massive amount of gel on the ground . half of the pod sit empty . there be binding strap on the ground . kitai back away from the break pod . he move in front of the crash tail . he hold the beacon up above he head . he take a deep breath and fire ... and nothing happens . beat . his expression change . he pull it down and look at it . the screen of the beacon read , electrical interference . CUT to : after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 113. 189 int . transport ship cockpit - day 189 cypher 's face as he realize the beacon be not work . cypher bring up the holographic map . the thousand of wavy line rise into a mountain shape just past the blinking dot . cypher watch as kitai throw he backpack . he start go crazy , lose it in frustration and anger . he pull he cutlass and begin destroy the ship with it . scream in rage . cypher ( whisper ) ..- take a knee , cadet . CUT to : 190 ext . transport ship tail section - day 190 the cutlass slice piece of ship away . kitai whirling , scream , raging at the sky , he cutlass whipping through a electronic panel that explode and SPARKS feebly in low oxygen . kitai be exhaust himself in anger . finally he slam the ship a few more time and then stop . and slowly he pull himself together . and ... on he own ... he take a knee . CUT to : 191 int . transport ship cockpit - day 191 cypher see he son kneel on one knee and nod to himself . CUT to : 192 ext . transport ship tail section - day 192 kitai try to think . he do not know what to do . he wipe away tear . CUT to : 193 int . transport ship cockpit - day 193 cypher get emotional stare at he son . after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 114. 194 cypher ...- there be a ionic layer in the atmosphere above you current position . it create electrical interference . that 's why the beacon be not fire . ( beat ) you must be above the ionic layer before you fire the beacon , kitai . beat . we watch kitai on the monitor look at the beacon in he hand . he stare at it , then look up at the cloud layer above he . cypher ..- that 's it . you get it . ( beat ) you should see a black mountain in the distance , directly to the north . the mountain 's peak be above the ionic layer . Fire the emergency beacon there . ( beat ) please see it ... the top of the mountain ... to you north . kitai look around . he stop when he see the mountain in the distance . he stand . cypher wipe the tear from he eye . cypher good boy ... good boy ... CUT to : ext . flat jungle terrain - day 194 we pick up kitai sprinting through the jungle head towards the volcanic mountain . he stop frighten when he path be block by the body of a dead leopard . the leopard be hanging in the tree . kitai hesitates and keep run . CUT to : after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 115. 195 196 197 198 ext . flat jungle terrain - day 195 kitai 's face go pale . he slow as he find himself in a clear where a entire pack of hyenas be hanging in a tree line . kitai look around nervously and keep run . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - day 196 cypher continue speak futilely to he son . cypher it leave they for you . it 's build to scare human , kitai . keep move . there 's nothing on the monitor ... CUT to : ext . base of the black mountain - afternoon 197 a magnificent visual spectacle . a coal - black mountain with hundred of tiny lava river charge down the ebony slope . kitai move through the last of jungle before the mountain . kitai look into the jungle . kitai think he hear something . he look around behind he . he turn and burst out of the jungle and start run up the black slope of the mountain . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 198 cypher watch from the prison of he chair . he watch as kitai navigate the tiny lava tributary . cypher go leave kitai . you 'il save time . you will have a straight shot without have to go through any tunnel . he watch as kitai go right instead . cypher damn it . CUT to : after earth revise buff 4/10/12 116. 199 ext . slope of the black mountain - afternoon 199 kitai bolt up the slope . he be fast and fluid . kitai be swallow in the ionic cloud that consume the mountain at this altitude . CUT to : 200 int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 200 the motion sensor screen goe off . there be a dot move on the landscape towards kitai 's blinking dot . cypher stare at it . his face fill with forebode . cypher I have something move toward you from the west ... it 's find you . CUT to : 201 ext . ionic layer of mountain - afternoon 201 kitai look down and see he suit have turn black with a bumpy texture . kitai freak as he look in the dense mist around he . he can hear scuttle -- something approach from the darkness of the ionic layer . he brandish he weapon out . he back up and find himself at the entrance to a cave in the mountain . kitai look around . kitai - dad ? CUT to : 202 int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 202 cypher watch the dot of the ursa get closer to the blinking dot of kitai . cypher copy . I be here . cypher look at he son 's vital fluctuate . he stare at kitai 's view of the cave . the dot get closer and closer to kitai . this be a father 's nightmare . cypher activate two '' ghost diamond , '' he and he son' . cypher 's '' ball '' be inside the diamond . kitai 's be not . after earth revise buff 4/10/12 117 . 203 204 he watch as kitai move hurriedly into the tunnel . CUT to : int . cave of diamond - afternoon 203 the cave be all onyx . stalactites and stalagmite clutter the cave . they appear to be make of diamond . kitai run into the depth of the cave . he do not know if the ursa be in front of he or behind he . all that matter be that it be after he . his eye range leave and right -- looking for a way out . there -- a shaft of light come down from the ceiling . just as he 's about to follow the light to the top , to the end - he hear that terrifying creature scream . beat . kitai hear claw against rock getting closer outside . kitai move deeper into the cave . kitai gingerly make he way around spear- sharp diamond stalagmite . his movement be hamper by the precarious terrain . another scream fill the cave . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 204 the dot represent the ursa have almost reach kitai . suddenly : cypher 's image flicker , flutter then : black . kitai 's ghost diamond disappear . cypher ( whisper ) kitai ... nothing . cypher can see nothing . he sit back - a father in agony . he have tear in he eye . cypher 's pheromone level be accelerate rapidly . the ball move out of ghost range . CUT to : + % after earth revise buff 4/10/12 117a . 205 int . cave of diamond - afternoon 205 kitai run into the depth of the cave and extend he cutlass . he duck behind a couple of stalagmite and watch the entrance . always keep one eye on that pindrop of light shoot out from the ceiling . his way out . kitai hide behind one of the diamond stalagmite . there be a dispersion of mist at the cave ceiling as if something large move through it . then -- high and above kitai , on the cave ceiling , unbeknownst to he - + after earth revise buff 4/10/12 118. the ursa un-camouflages and reveal itself hanging upside - down from the ceiling of the cave . it have six limb . its movement be intentionally slow - alien in its extreme fluidity . the ursa 's carapace suddenly change to match the texture of the cave making it impossible to detect as it skitter away -- waiting for the best moment to strike . kitai hold he breath as he scramble low between stalagmite . the ursa trail he from above , not making a SOUND . getting closer to making its move . a large crystal have fallen across two rock , creating a makeshift bridge . as kitai move under it , eye alive -- dust drop from above . kitai turn around and look up just in time -- the ursa reveal itself ten feet above as it leap down onto kitai , crushing down on the fallen crystal . kitai cover up beneath the fallen crystal , which fracture on impact . he lose he cutlass . the diamond stalagmite pierce the ursa in two place . for a moment , the ursa be immobilized , skewer by the cave . kitai 's foot be lodged under a shatter section of the crystal -- kitai be stuck . it 's a struggle for they both . the ursa be try to dislodge itself from the stalagmite with one hand , using its other to push down on the part of the crystal that have kitai pinned -- kitai 's do he best to leverage himself free but nothing 's working and the unoccupied ursa claw be dangerously close to slicing off he face -- but the ursa need another hand to free itself . it stop pushing on the crystal long enough for kitai to scramble up , squirm out and off of he back . kitai retrieve he cutlass and whip around , cutlass at the ready -- and he cutlass take the brunt of the punishment as - the ursa smack kitai , launching he ten feet into a outcrop of rock . kitai come out of he daze to see -- the ursa use its hooked claw and push itself up and off the two stalagmite that skewer it . the creature show incredible strength by do this . we see it be oozing grayish bodily fluid from the two wound . it drip this onto the floor where it stand . a chase ensues -- kitai run and deftly parkour he way through the slant stalagmite crystal in the cave . after earth revise buff 4/10/12 118a . gain some space every time the ursa have to break through crystal to get through , no reverence for nature . kitai dive into a small crevice that 's too tight for the ursa . it screech at he , send he reeling and run away , but it 's no matter -- the ursa crash through the crystal and be back on kitai in mere second . kitai parkour over another fall crystal but the ursa clip he leg and kitai go rolling but he 's up quickly -- traversing through a progressively tighter section -- the ursa be make up ground , destroy the crystal as it do so . kitai slide into a small crevice in the cave , two foot in depth . too small for the beast . kitai look out at the cave from he sliver of a view . out at the ursa . it 's just stand there , and then ... it back away . Intelligence . kitai watch as the ursa put one hand on crystal and the other on the rock wall , its texture changing to equal part of each surface as it camouflage right in front of kitai . he can not see where the ursa be . one look at the stalagmite and we see why kitai choose to hide here . it seem safe -- and a space two foot back seem even safer . kitai crawl back there -- and , for the briefest moment , take he eye off the spot where the ursa be . sheer silence , for a beat . only kitai 's eye , stare out through the stalagmite . look . wait . quick flash CUT to : nine-year-old kitai be under the bed . CUT to : kitai be in the same position under the rock . he have terror in he eye . then he hear it -- drip . drip . drip. blood drip to the floor , seemingly out of thin AIR . suddenly the ursa reveal itself upside - down at the mouth of the crevice kitai be hiding in -- closer to kitai , now . a * * a * after earth revise buff 4/10/12 119 . 206 it tries to reach in with its claw . they almost reach he . kitai use he cutlass to ward off the attack as he shimmy even deeper into the crevice . the ursa spit black globule at kitai . they just miss he face as he move he head out of the way . the black globule stick to the back of the crevice . kitai get hit with a black globule . they sear he suit and do the same to he skin . he scream . the force of the globule 's impact send kitai back down the crevice . it slant downward . the ursa move with he . matching he every time he move . the ursa be able to get deeper with every movement ; the claw be just missing he face . more black spit shoot at he . a second globule pop kitai -- this impact send kitai sliding down the crevice . kitai fall two meter straight down and -- -- whap -- get clipped and flipped by a rock and spun over and find himself falling again , farther , into a pool of underground water . CUT to : int . underground lake - afternoon we hear movement underwater but all we see be black . and then kitai 's suit light up around he shoulder . we see kitai underwater . he can see only five to six foot in any direction . he see another shaft of light -- another shot at complete the mission -- and start swim toward it . for a while -- too long -- it 's quiet . we get the sense that kitai have get away , but that can not be right ... he 's look back between stroke , search for the ursa but not see it . then -- he suit illuminate the water and reveal strange - looking fish with no eye that try to bite at kitai . more and more fish materialize out of the darkness . they start tearing away he lifesuit . suddenly there be loud movement sound underwater and the eyeless fish scatter and disappear . kitai turn to look behind he and out of the darkness the fish left behind come the long claw of the ursa behind he . the last direction we expected the ursa to come from . 206 * + after earth revise buff 4/10/12 119a . the body of the ursa be cover by the inky darkness of the water . kitai turn and swim hard . he be swim for he life ina hell of darkness . swim for that shaft of light -- kitai look back . the ursa be now visible behind he . kitai be run out of breath . he swim with a desperation . up ahead in the darkness there be a shaft of light penetrate the water . kitai spot it and swim for it with all he strength . kitai 's suit be in shred . kitai clock a unusually beautiful group of stalactite ahead . it 's a straight , unimpeded line to the shaft of light - - but straight and unimpeded give the ursa a advantage . kitai veer off and swim through the stalactite . use each one to propel himself forward and gain valuable space . turn around when he can to check the ursa 's progress . this frenzy and the adrenaline rush have kitai disorient -- and he find that he no longer know which way be up . he 's spin , lose , a sit duck . bubble blow out of he mouth what could possibly be he last breath -- we realize the bubble be go down . how --? kitai 's training kick in -- follow the bubbles to the top . he follows the bubble as the camera re-orient itself and we realize we be upside - down and now we be right - side up and kitai have manage to reach the light . he swim fast up towards the light . CUT to : + % + + % after earth revise buff 4/10/12 120. 207 208 int . narrow vertical stone passageway - afternoon kitai emerge , desperate for air . he find himself at the bottom of a vertical shaft in the rock . seventy - five foot above he be daylight . kitai pull himself up on a jag piece of rock and pull himself out of the water . he use he foot on either side of the shaft of rock to brace himself . he push he hand outward on the shaft of the rock and readjust he foot higher . the ursa erupt from the water . its claw snag kitai 's legs . the ursa can ’t fit through the open to the vertical shaft . it tries to pull kitai down . kitai look upward and scream . the claw of the ursa begin dragging down he thighs , cutting he . kitai keep scream and rising upward . the ursa 's claw lose there hold on kitai . the ursa fall down into the water . kitai be released and rise up the shaft . the ursa leap out of the water again . its long claw unable to reach kitai . it fall back down . kitai push himself up the shaft . he be scream in anger . he be scream in pain . he be scream in fear . he use all he strength to move up the vertical passageway in the rock . he scream echo and fall down to the ursa below , who disappear from the bottom of the shaft . kitai 's anger push he . he rise skillfully up the seventy - five foot of narrow rock towards the daylight . CUT to : ext . black mountain ionic layer - afternoon kitai 's hand grab the top edge of the passageway . he pull himself up and over the lip onto the upper level of the mountain . he move to he foot , he skin glisten with wetness . 207 208 after earth revise buff 4/10/12 121. 209 210 the ionic layer be dissipating up here . kitai look around . there be gray ash falling everywhere from a eruption near the top of the mountain . there be nowhere to * go from here -- other than over the edge of a cliff . * CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 209 cypher eye be craze . he hold a silver round object in he hand . the computer be make a warning sound . on one of the holographic screen be the word ... '' remote detonation armed . '' he hold the futuristic grenade in he hand . his thumb over the detonation button . the sound of beeping fill the ship . cypher 's eye move to he screen as kitai 's vital pop back on line . his '' fear diamond '' scream . the screen of kitai 's point of view bloom . we see the mountaintop . cypher try to focus on what he 's see . CUT to : ext . black mountain ionic layer - afternoon 210 kitai look to the hole he just come through -- the top of * the passageway . he can see rock collapsing into the hole . he * know the ursa be come . he know he have no time . * kitai rush to bring out the beacon . this be it -- he 's * * activate it , ready to send the rescue signal -- one of the ursa 's hand reach up and out of the hole and * grab kitai -- pulling he legs out from under he and * slamming he face - first into the ground . the beacon goe one * way , the cutlass another . a devastating blow . * before kitai can even react , the ursa smack kitai into * another rock and throws he away like a ragdoll . * kitai hit the ground , limp . nose bleed , neck maybe * break . this be it . he 's dead . oblivious to the fact that -- * the hole be become bigger . the ursa be claw more * frantically now , know a kill when it smell one . * it be only a matter of time before the ursa break through * and finish off kitai . * after earth revise buff 4/10/12 121a . 211 he cutlass lie near the edge in a shower of ash . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon cypher stare at the point of view of the mountainside . he stare intensely at he son 's point of view . cypher ( soft ) when you die , I die . cypher flick back the clear cover over the button on the detonation device in he hand . 211 after earth revise buff 4/10/12 122. 212 213 214 215 216 217 218 219 the computer read , '' Safety off . '' the warning SOUND get louder ... CUT to : ext . black mountain ionic layer - afternoon kitai lie on he back . a die snow angel . his crimson blood mixing with the snow 's clear white . absentmindedly reach for cutlass on he back , but come up with air . he let he arm fall . he look down at the skin of he arm as gray ash stick to he wet skin . that 's really pretty ... flash - the forest the baboon look into he eye -- flash - old raige apartment his sister 's loving eye as she leans close -- flash - outside the hog hole the pig seem to nod at he -- flash - old raige apartment his sister 's loving eye as she turn from the glass BOX -- flash - condor 's nest the mother condor fight to protect she baby -- flash - diamond cave the ursa leaping -- flash - old raige apartment the ursa leaping at senshi from kitai 's Pov -- 212 213 214 215 216 217 218 219 * after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 123. 220 221 222 223 224 225 226 flash - geothermal node 220 the bee jousting the spider in a lightning flash -- flash - raft dream of senshi 221 she 's lean close to whisper something in he ear -- flash - jungle terrain 222 crawl from under the body of the condor -- flash - geothermal node 223 the bee ceasing to struggle , then breaking its bond -- cypher ( v.o. ) no way ... not before I have meet my son . flash - underwater 224 kitai swim in a shaft of light -- flash - raft dream of senshi 225 her lip at he ear , about to whisper the secret -- senshi ( v.o. ) Love ... CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 226 cypher hear he son 's breathing slowing . he watch kitai 's vital begin to steady . kitai 's ghost diamond steadies , the '' fear '' receding into perfect CENTER -- cypher 's ball inside he diamond burst its edge . CUT to : after earth revise buff 4/10/12 124. 227 228 229 ext . mountain above ionic layer - afternoon 227 kitai stare at the gray ash that lightly coat he arm . realization enter he fourteen - year- old eye . * the ash stick to he wet skin and hair ... he become completely cover , a gray version of himself . he watch as plume of ash fall on the field . then the SOUND of the ursa ... nearby ... breaking through the hole and * finally clawing its way to the surface . kitai doe not panic . * he 's in a entirely different space . * then a shape emerge twenty feet away . the ursa step into a shower of ash and get cover and revealed . see its massive shape clearly -- it can no longer camouflage . CUT to : int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 228 cypher take in everything he 's see . cypher ( a incantation ) there be , one know not what sweet mystery about this sea , whose gently awful stirring seem to speak of some hide soul beneath . ( beat ) you be not alone . cypher 's own diamond move to center . he lower the detonation device in he hand . CUT to : ext . eruption of ash - afternoon 229 % after earth revise buff 4/10/12 125. we see the ursa in the shower of ash , gray fluid dripping from its two wound . moving forward for the kill -- but then it stop . it move around where it stand . it move around in all direction . it have lost kitai 's scent . kitai calmly push up to one knee . finally find he way to he foot . he back be to the ursa but that 's of no concern . CUT to : 230 int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 230 cypher stare at he son 's vital . he watch all the measurement move to a even baseline . cypher 's eye fill with emotion and tear . he turn off the detonation device ... CUT to : 231 ext . eruption of ash - afternoon 231 kitai open he eye . it 's almost surreal , how thing may have slowed down ; how kitai be here but he be not , lock into a entirely different plane . kitai walk up to the ursa . walk right by the ursa to pick up he cutlass . the ursa cannot see kitai . he stand defiantly stare at the ursa face he . feeling the ash fall on he face . completely in the moment . kitai put both hand on he cutlass - tap in a combination . the cutlass split and become two blade . he hold they out on either side of himself and begin run . kitai move like a gray ghost - a apparition seemingly float across the black rock of the mountain . the ursa turn , searching . he suddenly sense kitai , but it be too late . kitai doe a fantastic parkour leap from the ground five feet from the alien hunting creature . kitai land on the ursa 's back and sink the two blade into the two OPEN wound on the side and top of the ursa . * after earth revise buff 4/10/12 125a . the ursa release a frightening scream . it begins violently spinning and writhing ... kitai hold on to the end of the cutlass with every ounce of strength . kitai get slammed against the ursa 's back . kitai almost fall off the thrashing ursa three time . kitai hold tight to the handle of the cutlass we see he finger tap a pattern into the handle . after earth revise buff 4/10/12 126 . the creature scream . we see the spear end of one of the cutlass emerge from the wound at the bottom of the ursa as the cutlass extend . kitai tap another pattern into the handle ... the spear tip retract from the bottom of the creature . the creature scream as we see the sickle - like shape of the cutlass emerge from inside the ursa 's mouth . kitai be gutting it from the inside ... kitai hold on for he life . he tap another pattern into the handle . the ursa scream . the ursa falter . the ursa presses forward for the cliff face . try to take * kitai over the edge with it and kill they both -- * kitai tap another combination ... the massive alien creature slow in its movement . kitai re-grip the end of the cutlass . tap another pattern into he cutlass . the creature lower to the ground not two feet from the cliff - * CUT to : 232 int . transport ship cockpit - afternoon 232 cypher be stare at kitai 's point - of - view monitor . the camera be lying on the ground . it look at a canted angle of kitai on the back of the ursa . cypher sees the grainy image of the ursa as its legs give way and it drop to the ground . cypher sees he son on the back of the ursa . when it stop moving , kitai turn it over . kitai be yelling with strain as he doe this . the final image we see be kitai pulling he cutlass in the shape of two sickle sword out and stand atop the dead ursa . kitai look down at the beast , daring it to move . the chill of this image travel through he father 's half - lifeless eye . CUT to : after earth revise buff 4/10/12 126a . 233 ext . eruption of ash - afternoon 233 kitai stand . his arm low and back at he side ; the two curve sword of the cutlass still and wait . his lifesuit turn orange . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 127 . kitai 's calm eye stare down at the dead ursa . there be no joy , there be no fear . he just stare . beat . kitai bring the sword together and snap the end of the cutlass back into one piece . kitai get off the creature and walk to the backpack . he pick it up . CUT to : 234 ext . peak of the black mountain - later 234 kitai 's foot hit rhythmically with agility and strength . his stride exude inspiration and grace . at this altitude , the freeze be fully upon we . kitai trudge through a foot of snow . he appear unaffected . kitai reach the very peak of the black mountain . his hand retrieve the transponder beacon . he switch the power on . he raise the beacon with one hand - look up into the sky and slam the button on the side of the transponder . a majestic white beam slice triumphantly into the night sky . the beam rise and rise ... CUT to : 235 ext . space - same time 235 the thin white beam pierce the atmosphere and suddenly erupt horizontally in all direction into space . it echoes out into space , like ripples on a pond . fade to black . 236 int . transport ship cockpit - morning 236 darkness . we see SPARKS . the SPARKS move in a vertical line . then they move horizontally . a door be CUT in the darkness . it be forced OPEN , revealing a portable silver fabric tunnel . three men in ranger lifesuit stand silhouetted in the bright * light . fade to black : after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 128. 237 238 239 240 int . transport ship cockpit - morning the rangers AIM a beam of light from there ranger armband . the light crisscross the damaged ship . one of the beam find cypher - half - alive - batter . fade to black : int . transport ship cockpit - morning a Ranger kneel down at the base of the control ship console and remove a silver BOX from the chest of the control panel . it be carry out . fade to black : int . portable tunnel - morning cypher be be carry on a transport stretcher through the portable tunnel that have be attach to the crash control section of the ship . they move through the portable tunnel into another ship . fade to black : int . hallway of rescue ship - morning kitai emerge from a room in the rescue ship . he be in new clothes . he run into the main hall of the ship . he look around , see crew member prepare to take off . the technician who take the silver BOX from the crash ship , sit in front of a monitor hook up to the box . the image of a unaware ursa be on the screen . it be clear the ursa doesn ’t know where kitai be . the technician turn to look at kitai as he pass , stare in awe at the fourteen year -old ghost walk by he . kitai move into the hall adjacent to the control room where he father lie on a medical cot , two medic with he . cypher see he son approach . cypher ( to the medic ) ... stand I up . cypher 's leg be in brace . the medic look at cypher . 237 238 239 240 after earth revise Blue ( on White ) 1/20/12 129 . 241 242 head medic General - cypher I say , stand I up ! cypher start to sit up . the medic quickly rush to he . they help he swing the brace to the ground . they carry he under each arm as he rise off the medical cot . his bandage foot touch the floor of the ship be painful to watch . the medic bear as much of cypher 's weight as they can . cypher straighten up and stare at he son . cypher bring he hand up and salute he son . Father and son stare deeply . kitai salute back . profound connection rage between they . kitai approach and gently hug he father . kitai whisper in he ear . kital ( whisper ) dad ... cypher yes. kital ( whisper ) I wanna work with Mom . cypher chuckle a little . neither want to let go , but the medic respectfully separate they and lower cypher back to the cot . CUT to : ext . rescue ship - morning 241 it be raining outside . the rain hit the exterior of the rescue ship . the rescue ship rise from the ground in this rain STORM . it rise higher and higher into the AIR . CUT to : ext . jungle - morning 242 we be in the breathtaking jungle . there be lush greenery everywhere . we hear animal sound in the distance . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 130 . thousand of animal calling to each other . it be like music . we see the ship moving across the sky , out of the rain cloud . CUT to : 243 ext . ocean - morning 243 we be over the ocean . we see the tail of a huge whale - like creature we have never see before disappear into the water of the pristine blue ocean . the ranger rescue ship become a tiny dot and then vanish * up into space . the end . after earth revise yellow 2/24/12 130 . thousand of animal calling to each other . it be like music . we see the ship moving across the sky , out of the rain cloud . CUT to : 243 ext . ocean - morning 243 we be over the ocean . we see the tail of a huge whale - like creature we have never see before disappear into the water of the pristine blue ocean . the ranger rescue ship become a tiny dot and then vanish * up into space . the end .