agnes of GOD fade in : ext - convent - day whisper of nun at prayer . dissolve to : int - chapel - day nun at prayer ; mother miriam , the Superior close the gate and lock it . dissolve to : ext - courtyard - day the nun walk around the courtyard in a anticlockwise direction say the rosary . dissolve to : int - chapel - day a line of nun kneel at prayer . closeup of various individual . dissolve to : ext - convent - night a single shot of the building . int - top corridor - night sister marguerite be lock up for the night , shutting door , turn off light , finally walk off down the corridor . suddenly a terrify scream be hear , the voice of a young woman . ext - convent - night light in the window flick on . int - top corridor - night the nun be run up the corridor in they night dress and cap , call urgently in french . they reach the door of sister agnes ' room and try the door . it be block . push harder they see the blood stain figure of sister agnes . much alarm and cry ... mother superior agnes !... agnes ... ext - convent - night a ambulance come tear down the road , siren blaring . it cut the siren and stop outside the convent gate . the nun open the gate and the ambulance drive inside . int - top corridor - night two paramedics urgently run the stretcher down the hall to the unconscious figure of sister agnes . the mother Superior desperately wipe and kiss she face . paramedic I be just go to put something here to stop the bleed . Excuse I sister . she will be fine . they lift she on to the stretcher and run back down the hall . the mother Superior look around worriedly and go into ... int - sister agnes ' room - night she kneel down by a waste paper basket full of bloody sheet and start to pull they out . then she freeze , make the sign of the cross and start to weep . dissolve to : ext - montreal - night a aerial shot of the great cross of montreal . superimpose over this be the word " montreal , quebec " . dissolve to : ext - supreme court - day a normal busy day . a car pull up with a woman and a man drive . the woman be martha livingston . she kiss the man ( larry ) , get out of the car , run across the road dodgingtraffic and go up the step of the courthouse . there a group of reporter there and a sudden bustle of interest . reporter here they be now . martha watch intently as 3 nun , the mother Superior , sister marguerite , and sister agnes ( dress in a white novice habit ) and they lawyer come out of the court escort by police . the reporter leap on they , take photograph , ask question in English and french . suddenly sister agnes look right at martha , then she be quickly bustle past . martha go on into the courthouse . int - judge's chamber - day Inside eve , lyon , and justice leveau be sit . martha be stand by the window smoking furiously . leveau martha , it 's you . martha what about Roger ? he 's free . eve they want a woman . lyon all you have to do be meet with she once or twice ... then tell the court she 's insane . martha be you dictating my position to I ? we be get into some sticky legal territory here . eve martha , all we be say be , no - one want this to come to trial , not the Church , not the Crown ... least of all I . martha Eve , she strangle a baby ! eve nobody be interested in send a nun to prison . leveau we be not tell you what to decide martha . we be not even tell you to take this . lyon be there any reason why you feel you should not take it ? martha pause for a long moment at the window , then turn . martha today 's my birthday . I always make bad decision on my birthday . the judge , Eve and lyon all chuckle . the judge throw the file down on he desk towards she . leveau happy birthday . 15 int - martha' apartment - night martha unlock the door and come in . she play she answerphone and move over to she cat . martha hi , Kitty . the answerphone whir ... secretary ( v.o. ) hi , it 's helen , call to tell you that Mrs davenport phone to confirm she appointment at nine o'clock tomorrow , okay ? bye bye . some whir and click . roger ( v.o. ) hi martha , it 's Roger . can you call I at the hospital . I would like you opinion on a case . oh , bye the way , happy birthday . bye . secretary ( v.o. ) hi , marty it 's helen again . I cancel you Wednesday afternoon appointment so you can visit with you mother . bye bye . man ( in french ) ??? martha pick up a news paper with a photo of sister agnes on the front . dissolve to : 16 ext - convent - day martha pull up in she BMW outside the convent wall and get out , cigarette in hand . a sign tangle over with creeper read " Les petite soeur de Marie madeleine " . martha jangle a bell . after a wait she press a buzzer . a peephole in the door slam open and sister marguerite look out . martha bonjour , I be Doctor martha Livingston , I ... the peephole slam shut , but the door do open . sister marguerite glare at she . martha ( cont . ) hello ... I be Doctor martha living...ston ... I ... martha realize it be the cigarette that be cause the trouble and hastily grind it underfoot . martha ( cont . ) Excuse I ... I be ... sister marguerite eye flick down at cigarette butt . martha awkwardly try to kick it away . martha ( cont . ) ... the court - appoint psychiatrist . sister marguerite give a frosty imitation of a smile and motion for she to come in . martha ( cont . ) thank you . I um ... I believe you mother Superior 's expect I . martha and the sister walk up the drive to the convent . 17 int - waiting room - day martha follow sister marguerite into a grill wait room . sister move off , leave martha look around curiously . then the mother miriam arrive from behind the grill door , see martha , sigh exasperatedly and enter give martha a slight start . mother superior ( beam at she own little joke ) Doctor Livingston I presume ? I be mother Miriam Ruth . you need not call mother if you do not wish . ( shaking hand ) most people find it uncomfortable . martha well ... I ... mother miriam ( carry right on ) I be afraid the word bring up the most unpleasant connatation in this day and age ... martha yes ... I ... mother miriam you can call I sister . martha ... thank you . mother miriam you must have ton of question . you may smoke if you want to . just do not tell any of the sister . martha sit ; mother Miriam get she a box of match . mother miriam ( cont . ) they would not understand , especially sister marguerite . she would scare the pants off Queen Elizabeth . ( she light martha 's cigarette ) besides , I miss they . martha you be a smoker ? mother miriam two pack a day . martha I can beat that . mother miriam unfilter . martha incline she head impressed . mother Miriam sit down next to she . mother miriam ( cont . ) well , you have question . ( check she watch ) Fire away ... martha who know about agnes ' pregnancy ? mother miriam no-one . martha how do she hide it from the other nun ? mother miriam she undress alone ... she bath alone . martha be that normal ? mother miriam yes . martha how do she hide it during the day ? mother miriam ( indicate she habit ) she could have hide a machine gun in here if she have want to . martha do not she have any physical examination in this time ? mother miriam we be examine once a year . her pregnancy fall in between the doctor 's visit . martha who be the father ? mother miriam I have not a clue . martha what man have access to she ? mother miriam none as far as I know . martha be there a priest ? mother miriam yes , but I ... martha what 's he name ? mother miriam Father martineau , but I do not see he as a candidate . martha could there have be anyone else ? mother miriam ( a pause ) obviously there be . martha and you do not try to find out who ? mother miriam ( stand ) believe I , I have do everything possible short of ask agnes . martha why have not you ask she ? mother Miriam remove a tray from under a pot plant and bring it back to use as a ashtray . mother miriam ( sit again ) she can not even remember the birth . do you think she would admit to the conception ? martha look , someone give she the baby . mother miriam yes , but that be some ten month ago . I fail to see that the identity of that somebody have anything to do with this trial . martha why do you think that ? mother miriam do not ask I that question dear , I be not the patient . martha well I be the doctor . I be the one who 's go to decide what be , or be not important here . mother miriam look doctor , I do not know how to tell you this politely , but I do not approve of you . not you personally ... martha the science of psychiatry . mother miriam ( stand ) exactly . I want you do deal with agnes as speedily and as easily as possible . she will not hold up under any sort of cross examination . martha ( also stand ) I be not with the inquisition . mother miriam and I be not from the Middle Ages . I know what you be ! I do not want that mind cut open . then mother Miriam walk out . 18 int - waiting room - day a little later , martha be sit alone smoking . sister anne enter and indicate that martha should follow she . they exit out of the grill room and head up a steep flight of wooden stair . faintly the voice of a single young woman can be hear sing in Latin . 19 int - top corridor - day martha follow sister Anne down the hall towards the sing . they stop outside agnes ' room . martha look to see ... 20 int - agnes ' room - day ... agnes a almost childlike young woman sing happily , look out the window . then agnes hear a slight sound and stop abruptly . she turn to see martha stand in the doorway . martha hello . I be Doctor Livingston . I have be ask to talk to you . May I ? agnes yes . martha move further in the room . a elderly nun hover outside the door . martha you have a lovely voice . agnes no I do not . martha I just hear you . agnes that be not I . martha be it sister marguerite ? agnes laugh and martha close the door , shutting out the old nun . martha ( cont . ) you be very pretty agnes . agnes no I be not . martha have not anyone ever tell you that before ? agnes let 's talk about something else . martha what would you like to talk about . agnes I do not know . martha anything ... may I sit down ? agnes yes . they both sit . martha first thing that come to you mind ? agnes God ! but there 's nothing to say about God . martha second thing that come to you mind . agnes Love . martha have you ever love anyone ? agnes yes . martha who ? agnes everyone . martha well , who in particular ? agnes right now ? martha uh huh . agnes I love you . martha ( a pause ) agnes , have you ever love another man ... other than , Jesus Christ ? agnes yes . martha who ? agnes ( chuckle ) oh , there be so many . martha well do you love ... do you love Father martineau ? agnes oh , yes ! martha do you think he love you ? agnes oh , I know he do . martha he 's tell you ? agnes no. but ... when I look into he eye , I can tell . martha you have be alone together ? agnes yes . martha often ? agnes at least once a week . martha and you like that ? agnes oh , yes . martha where do you meet ? agnes ( obviously ) in the confessional . a slightly awkward pause . martha agnes , do ever see Father martineau outside the ... agnes suddenly look exasperate . agnes you want to talk about the baby do not you ? martha would you like to talk about it ? agnes I never see any baby ... I think they make it up . martha why should they ? agnes I do not know . martha do you remember the night they say it come ? agnes no . I be sick . martha how be you sick ? agnes something I eat . martha do it hurt ? agnes yes . martha where ? agnes down ... there . martha and what do you do ? agnes I go to my room . martha and what happen ? agnes I get sicker . martha and then what ? agnes I fall asleep . martha in the middle of all the pain ? agnes yes . martha where do the baby come from ? agnes what baby ? martha the baby they make up . agnes from they head ... martha be that where they say it come from ... ? agnes no , they say it come from the waste paper basket ! martha where would it come from before that ? agnes from God . martha after God ... before the waste- paper basket . agnes I ... I do not understand . martha agnes , how be baby bear ? agnes do not you know ? martha yes I do , but I want you to ... agnes ( very agitate ) I do not understand what you be talk about ... you want to talk about the baby ... everybody want to talk about the baby but ... I never see the baby so I can not talk about the baby because ... I do not believe in the baby . martha then let 's talk about something else ... agnes ( stand ) no ... no , I be tired of talk , I have be talk for week , nobody believe I when I tell they anything ... nobody listen to I . martha ( also stand ) agnes ... agnes ( open the door ) no ... no , I do not want to answer any more question . martha would you like to ask they ? agnes ( pause in the doorway ) what do you mean ? martha just that ... you ask and I will answer . agnes anything ? martha ( smile ) anything . 21 int - nun be room - day the elderly nun look out the window into the courtyard where martha and agnes be walk , then pull the curtain across . 22 ext - courtyard - day martha and agnes be walk together . martha be smoking . agnes what 's you real name ? martha martha Louise Livingston . agnes be you marry ? martha no . agnes would you like to be ? martha not at the moment , no . agnes do you have any child ? martha no . agnes would you like some ? martha I can not have they any more . agnes why not ? martha ( a pause ) I have stop menstruate agnes why do you smoke ? martha do it bother you ? agnes no question . martha smoke be a obsession with I . maybe one day I will become obsessed with something else , then I will stop smoking ... do you have any more question ? agnes one . martha what ? they both halt . agnes where do you think baby come from ? martha from they mother and father of course . before that , I ... I do not know . agnes well I think they come from ... angel light on they mother chest and whisper into she ear . that make good baby start to grow . and bad baby come from when a fall angel squeeze in down there , and they start to grow , grow , till they come out down there . I do not know where good baby come out . and you can not tell the difference ... except bad baby cry a lot ... and they make they father go away ... and they mother get very ill ... die sometimes . agnes sit down on a bench and martha follow she . agnes ( cont . ) mummy be not very happy when she die ... and , I think she go to hell because every time I see she she look like she just step out of a hot shower , and I ... I be never sure if it 's she , or the Lady who tell I thing ! they fight over I all the time . ( stare into space ) the Lady ... I see when I be ten . I be lie on the grass , look at the sun , and the sun become a cloud , and the cloud become , a Lady . and she tell I she would talk to I . and then ... she foot begin to bleed and I see there ... there be hole in she hand and in she side . and I try to catch the blood as it fall from the sky , but I could not see any more because my eye hurt because there be big black spot in front of they . and she tell I thing like , like ... right now she 's cry Marie ! Marie ! ... but I do not know what that mean . martha stand up , disturb . agnes be slightly delirious with happiness . agnes ( cont . ) ... and ... she use I to sing , it 's as if she 's throw a big hook through the air and it catch I under my rib and try to pull I up , and I ... I can not move because mommy 's hold my foot and all I can do be sing in she voice ... it 's the Lady 's voice , God love you ! and she cry echoe all around and the dove fly out of the bell tower . agnes ( cont . ) ( to martha ) God love you . martha do you know a Marie ? agnes no ... do you ? martha why should I ? agnes I do not know . 23 int - mother miriam study - day mother Miriam be stand check some papers when martha enter . mother Miriam seem to have entirely regain she good humour . mother miriam well ... what do you think ? be she totally bananas or merely slightly off centre ... or maybe she 's perfectly sane and just a very good liar . martha what 's you opinion ? mother miriam I believe agnes be different . martha from other nun ... ( laugh ) yes I ... I have notice . mother miriam from other people ! ( move across the room ) I believe she be not crazy , nor be she lie . martha how could she have a baby and know nothing of sex or birth ? mother miriam because she 's a innocent . she 's a slate that 's have not be touch except by God . martha ( light a cigarette ) that 's ridiculous ... mother miriam ( move to she desk , start write ) in she case it be not . she 's have very little schooling . her mother keep she home almost all the time and when she mother die agnes come here , to we . she 's never be out there Doctor . she 's never see a movie or a television show . she 's never even read a book . martha if she 's so innocent , how come she murder a child ? mother miriam she do not ! this be manslaughter , not murder . she do not consciously kill that baby . she would lose a lot of blood . she be unconscious by the time we get to she . martha so , someone else could have do it . mother miriam no ... not in the eye of the police . martha and in you eye ? mother miriam I have already tell you what I think . martha that she be unconscious , yes ! so someone easily could have come in the room and kill the ... mother miriam you do not really believe something like that happen do you ? martha it 's possible be not it ? mother miriam who ? martha one of the other nun find out about the baby and ... and want to avoid a scandal . mother Miriam remove the tray from under a pot plant and bang it down in front of martha to act as a ashtray . mother miriam that 's absurd ! martha that possibility never occur to you ? mother miriam no-one know about agnes ' pregnancy . no-one . not even agnes . 24 ext - convent - day martha 's car exit out of the convent and head up the road . 25 int - car - day the car radio be play light band music ... announcer ( v.o. ) you have be listen to mostly Music from montreal . this be cbc Radio . ( and again in french ) martha flick the radio off and stop the car . she think for a moment then ... 26 ext - lonely road - day ... she turn the car around and head back in the direction she come . 27 ext - presbytery - day martha drive in through a entrance and pull up outside the presbytery . 28 int - presbytery - day from inside the house , martha can be see knock on the glass fronted door . presently a huge , fat housekeeper answer . martha be Father martineau in please ? housekeeper ( in french ) ??? martha ( answer in french ) ??? the housekeeper indicate she should enter and walk back inside . housekeeper ( halting briefly ) wipe you foot . they move into the next room . the housekeeper go further call ... housekeeper pere martineau ... ( in french ) ??? martha stand uncertainly at the doorway . the sound of thumping be hear , and then the figure of a very old priest , father martineau appear walk with a stick . 29 int - presbytery dine room - day Father martineau and martha be have tea . he pour a slug of whisky from a flask into she cup and a even larger slug into he own . father martineau ( french accent ) they arise at five in the morning ... and they be in bed by nine at night . even if a man could get to they , he would probably find they praying . that 's why I see that the real question be not only how he get in , but when . martha and you be the only man to see they ? father martineau I promise you Doctor , even if I have the inclination , how could I possibly catch she ? she would have to be a very slow and patient nun . ( they both laugh ) ah no ... they be a very special and rare people that sister . only a few of they leave in this modern world , consecrate to the praise of God . 30 int - nursing home , lounge - day a elderly woman be sit watch " spiderman " on tv cackle with laughter . she be physically alright , but quite senile . martha enter , go over to she and kiss she . martha hello , mama ( pull up a chair ) ... bring you something . mama shut up , I be try to watch this . martha it 's you favourite ... mama who be you ? martha it 's martha , mama . ( hand over a tub of icecream ) there you go . mama Marie bring I icecream too you know . chocolate ... my favourite . martha I think cherry - vanilla be you favourite . mama not any more ... now I like chocolate . martha ( stroking she hair ) do you have a good week mama . be they treat you all right ? mama you know martha never come to see I . you watch it , she 's go straight to hell ... after all the thing she say to I . then she marries that son of a bitch of a frenchman ... have a abortion . I know that one would not work out . not like you Marie . you get marry to God . martha ( lighting up ) Marie 's dead mama . mama I remember when you be a little girl Marie . you come back from the movie and you would say - mama that end be so sad ... and I would tell you they have all the happy ending lock away in a vault in Hollywood . ( chuckle ) and you believe I . martha mama , that be not Marie , that be I ! mama ( a long pause ) who be you ? martha I ... I be martha , mama . 31 ext - convent , chickenyard - day it be raining ... distant thunder in the background . martha be stand under a umbrella talk to sister Anne who be feed the chicken . sister anne the convent be build for over fifty . not many of we leave ... just we and the chicken . martha how do you survive ? sister anne oh , we own the land around here . but we rent it out . we keep a few acre for ourselves , ( indicate ) some wheat , corn , some vegetable . martha well that 's a lot of land . you must have help . do you have field hand that help you ? sister anne no . we work the land alone . no - one but sister marguerite and I be permit contact with the public . martha sister Anne , which be agnes ' room ? sister Anne point up to a window on the corner of the convent . sister anne oh that one there , in the corner . martha the one up on the third floor ? sister anne yes . martha uh huh . 32 int - agnes ' old room - day mother Miriam unlock a padlock on the door , open it for martha . they both enter the room which be totally plain , stripped of everything . mother miriam this convent be lock solid . the only one that have a key be sister marguerite and she would not let Christ in after dark . martha well , it 's be know to happen in the day too . maybe agnes go to he . mother miriam oh come on , you have talk to she . she do not even know how baby be bear , let alone make . martha when do you first learn about she ... innocence , the way she think ? mother miriam shortly after she come to we . martha and you be not shocked ? mother miriam I be appal , just as you be now . martha and what happen ? mother miriam she stop eat completely ... 33 int - chapel - day in flashback : agnes , all in white be lie face down in the sign of the cross in front of the altar . mother Miriam enter . martha ( v.o. ) this be before she pregnancy ? mother miriam ( v.o. ) about two year before . mother Miriam stop in front of agnes . mother miriam agnes , it have come to my attention that you have stop eat . why be this ? agnes ( not look up ) I have be command by God . mother miriam ( sigh ) he talk to you himself ? agnes no . mother miriam through someone else ? agnes yes . mother miriam who ? agnes I can not say . mother miriam why ? agnes she would punish I . mother miriam one of the other sister ? agnes no . mother miriam who ? mother Miriam glance up at a older nun who have be in the chapel watch all along . she take the hint and hobble out . mother miriam ( cont . ) why would she tell you to do this ? ... agnes look at I . agnes ( look up ) because I be get fat . mother miriam oh , for Heaven 's sake . agnes I be , there 's too much flesh on I . mother miriam agnes ... agnes I be a blimp . mother miriam why do it matter whether you be fat or not ... agnes because ... mother miriam ... you need not worry about be attractive here . agnes I do , I have to be attractive to God . mother miriam he love you the way you be . agnes no he do not . he hate fat people . mother miriam who tell you this ? agnes it 's a sin to be fat . mother miriam why ? agnes look at the statue , they be thin . mother miriam agnes ... agnes that 's because they be suffer ... suffer be beautiful , I want to be beautiful . mother miriam who tell you this thing ? agnes Christ say it in the Bible , he say - suffer the little child , I want to suffer like a little child . mother miriam ( genuinely distress ) that 's not what he mean . agnes I ... I be a little child but my body keep get bigger and soon I ... I will not be able to fit in , I ... I will not be able to squeeze into Heaven . mother miriam agnes dear , Heaven be not a place where ... agnes get to she knee and push up she breast . agnes no ... I mean ... I mean look at this . I have get to lose weight , I be a blimp . mother miriam oh my dear child . agnes ( stand ) God blow up the hindenburg . he will blow I up , that 's what she say ... mother miriam who ? agnes mommy I will get bigger and bigger every day and then I will pop but ... but if I stay little it will not happen . mother miriam you mother tell you this ?... agnes you mother be dead . agnes but she watch ... she listen . mother miriam nonsense , I be you mother now and I want you to eat . agnes I be not hungry . mother miriam you have get to eat something agnes . agnes no I do not ... the host be enough . mother miriam my dear , I do not think a communion wafer have the recommend daily allowance of anything . agnes of God . mother miriam ( smile ) yes , of God . then mother Miriam look down and be shocked to see agnes ' white habit be spot with blood , and more blood be drip onto the floor . she pull out agnes ' hand from she habit and gasp with shock ; there be a bleed hole in the middle of she palm . agnes I be be punish . mother miriam why ? agnes I do not know . mother miriam dear Jesus ... she quickly lead agnes out of the chapel . agnes it start this morning and I can not get it to stop . 34 int - agnes ' old room - day back in the present , as before ... martha why do not you take she to a doctor ? mother miriam it be heal by the follow morning and she start eat again ... martha she have a ... a hole in the palm of she hand ! she could have ble to death . mother miriam but she do not ... do she . if anyone have see what I would see she would be public property ... newspapermen , psychiatrist , ridicule . she do not deserve that . martha she have it now . mother miriam I know what you be think , she 's a hysteric pure and simple . martha not simple , no . mother miriam I see it . clean through the palm of she hand . do you think hysteria could do that ? martha it 's be do it for century . she 's not unique , she 's just another victim . mother miriam God 's victim . that 's she innocence . she belong to God . martha and I intend to take she away from him . that 's what you be afraid of be not it ? martha walk out . mother Miriam yank the padlock out of the door . mother miriam you bet I be . 35 int - chapel - day all the sister be present . mother Miriam lead the chant in Latin and the rest of the nun respond at interval . agnes be very happy . they sing continue over , until the end of scene 41 . dissolve to : 36 ext - police precinct - day martha and Larry be at the top of step . he hand she a envelope . larry here you be . do not let anyone know where you get they . martha ( kissing he ) thanks ... dissolve to : 37 ext - convent - day agnes be happily swinging on a long swing attach to a tree . dissolve to : 38 int - crypt - day the sister go about they task . then all together they move to a corner of the room which be laid out with burn candle and make they devotion . dissolve to : 39 int - confessional - day agnes be confess to a rather disinterested Father martineau . agnes last Tuesday , I do not eat all of my lima bean ... hide they under my spoon . father martineau yes ... agnes ( very quietly ) I think ... thought ... about ... father martineau speak up , I can hardly hear you . agnes ( very loudly ) I think ugly thought about sister marguerite . dissolve to : 40 int - martha' apartment - night martha be leaf through a sheaf of police photograph of the sheet and the waste- paper basket . she put the photo aside and puff thoughtfully on a cigarette . dissolve to : 41 ext - convent farm - day agnes be milk the cow . she pour the milk into a large churn . ( the sing finish at this point ) . 42 int - judge's office - day the same four be in a meeting . this time they be all sit except for lyon who be stand by the window . leveau would you tell I why the hell this be take so long . martha look there be a lot of unanswer question here . lyon martha , you job be to diagnose , not to heal and play detective . who do you think you be ? martha I know my job . do not tell I my job lyon . my duty as a doctor be to ... eve martha , you have to make a decision on she sanity as quickly as possible and not interfere with due process of law . martha no ... no , excuse I Eve . as quickly as I see fit . eve the longer you take to make a decision , the more difficult it will be for we . martha why ? eve the bishop be breathe down we neck . martha and the sooner she go to prison , the better off she will be ? leveau ( in french ) ??? martha I do not believe this . I do not bloody believe this . lyon well the bishop will be very upset about this . martha I be fight for this woman 's life , not some bloody bishop . 43 ext - convent graveyard - day it be a strange place ; all the cross be identical and very simple . martha be stand . agnes be kneel in front of a cross mark with the name " soeur Marie Paul " and the date she be bear , consecrate and die . agnes place some winter flower on the grave . martha you like sister Paul ? agnes she be kind to I . she tell I I be beautiful . martha ( crouching down ) what else do she tell you ? agnes she say all of God 's angel would want to sleep beside I if they could . I like that . agnes make the sign of the cross , they both stand and start to move off . agnes ( cont . ) she live here for almost seventy year . every day she would ring the bell , wake we up , call we to God . she take I to my secret place . martha where 's that ?... I promise I will not tell , would you take I ? so agnes take she . 44 int - bell tower - day martha and agnes enter the bell - tower . agnes lead the way up the steep wooden step . martha become breathless almost immediately . martha sister Paul be in she eighty ? do she climb up here often ? agnes no , only when she feel like it . she bring I up here last winter and the next day she die . martha ( halting , out of breath ) no wonder ... wait ... agnes ... agnes how do you feel about baby ? agnes oh , they frighten I , I be afraid I will drop they . they have a soft spot on they head and if you drop they so they land on they head they become stupid . I be drop on my head , that 's why I do not understand thing . martha like what ? agnes ( climb again ) number ... you can spend you whole life count and never reach the end . martha ( follow she ) I do not understand they either . do you suppose I be drop on my head ? agnes I hope not . it 's a terrible thing to be drop on you head . martha oh , I have get to give up smoking . agnes ... wait a minute ... agnes slow down . 45 ext - top of belltower - day agnes climb up through the trapdoor to the bell platform . agnes she say you could see the whole world from up here . but it look much better far away than it look close up . martha arrive exhaust . martha beautiful ... agnes lie down under the bell . agnes and sometimes I get under here ... it make a wonderful sound . she start to sing in a beautiful voice and the sound ring in the bell . martha what happen if the bell ring and you be under there ? agnes oh , it 's even more wonderful then . agnes sing a little more . martha it 's like hide from my mother when I be a little girl . agnes where do you go ? martha oh , no place as wonderful as this . agnes ... have you ever think of leave the convent for something else ? agnes no . there be nothing else . just be here at night help I sleep . martha you have trouble sleep ? agnes I get headache . mommy do too ... oh , but she be not stupid . she know thing that nobody else know . martha what thing ? agnes she know what be go to happen to I . that 's why she hide I away . martha how do she know that ? agnes somebody tell she . martha who ? agnes I do not know . martha agnes ... agnes you will laugh . martha I promise I will not laugh . who tell she ? agnes a angel , when she be have one of she headache . martha do you mother see angel often ? agnes no . martha do you ? agnes no . martha do you believe she really see they ? agnes ( sit up ) no , but I can never tell she that . martha why not ? ( no answer ) mmm ? agnes she would get angry . martha move round close to agnes . martha agnes , do you love you mother ? agnes yes . martha do you ever want to be a mother yourself ? agnes I could never be a mother . martha why not ? agnes well I do not think I be old enough and besides I do not want to have a baby . martha why not ? agnes because I do not want one . martha if you do want one , how would you go about get one ? agnes from someone who do not want to have a baby . martha like you ? agnes ( suddenly frustrated ) no , not like I ! martha how would that person get one if they do not want one ? agnes ( jump to she foot ) a mistake ... martha agnes , how do you mother get you ? agnes a mistake ... it be a mistake ... martha be that what she say ? agnes ( very upset ) if you be try to get I to say that she be a bad woman and hate I and do not want I but that 's not true , she be a good woman , a saint ... ( distort ) martha agnes , I do not believe you know nothing about sex ... agnes I can not help it if I be stupid . martha ... that you do not remember get pregnant ... agnes not my fault . martha ... and that you do not believe you carry a child . agnes I be a mistake . martha what the child ? agnes everything ... I do not have child . martha agnes ... martha put she arm out to agnes who slap it away . agnes do not touch I like that ! you do not touch I like that , I know what you want from I , you want to take God away . you should be ashamed , they should lock you up people like you . agnes disappear down through the trapdoor . martha throw she cigarette away . 46 int - convent - day mother Miriam be comforting a tearful agnes . she see martha come across the courtyard and push agnes gently away . mother miriam you hate we do not you ? martha what ? mother miriam nun ... you hate nun . martha I hate ignorance and stupidity . mother miriam the Catholic Church ... martha I have not say anything against the the Catholic Church . mother miriam Catholicism be not on trial here . I want you to deal with agnes without any religious prejudice or you turn this case over to someone else ... martha how dare you tell I to run my affair ! mother Miriam start to walk away , martha angrily follow she . mother miriam it 's my affair too . martha how dare you think I be in a position to be pressured ... mother miriam I be only interested ... martha ... or bully or what ever you be do . who the hell do you think you be ? you go around here expect applause for the way you treat this child . martha and mother Miriam be climb the stair . they pause briefly . mother miriam she be not a child . martha and she have a right to know that there 's a world out there fill with people who do not believe in God ... ( mother miriam walk on ) ... and be not any worse off than you mother . people who have go through they entire life without bend they knee once , to anybody . and people who fall in love and have baby and occa - sionally be very happy . she have a right to know that . but you and you ... you order and you Church have keep she ignorant ... they reach mother Miriam 's study . mother miriam ??? ( distort ) martha ??? ( distort ) ... virginity , right mother ? Poverty , chastity and ignorance be what you live by . mother miriam I be not a virgin , Doctor . I be marry for twenty three year , two daughter . I even have grandchild ... surprised ? it might please you to know that I be a failure as a wife and mother . my child will not even see I any more , that 's they revenge . I think they tell they friend that I have pass on . and do not tell I I be make up for past mistake Doctor Freud . ( she sit ) martha then help she . mother miriam I be ... martha no , you be shield she . let she face the world . mother miriam what good would it do . no matter what you decide it 's either the ... the prison or the nut house and the difference between they be pretty thin . martha there 's another choice . mother miriam what ? martha aquittal . mother miriam how ? martha innocence . legal innocence . I know the judge would be happy for any reason to throw this case out of court . a long pause . the tension between they dissolves . mother miriam all right , what do you need . martha answer . martha hold she hand . 47 int - mother miriam study - day same place , but a little later . martha be smoking . martha when would agnes have conceive the child ? mother miriam oh , some time in January . martha do you remember anything unusual happen at the time ? mother miriam earthquake ? martha Visitors to the convent . mother miriam nothing . martha do you have a ... a diary or a day book ? mother miriam yes . martha take at look at it . mother Miriam move to she desk and open the day book . mother miriam there 's nothing here . martha be the child full term ? mother miriam ( read through the book ) oh , dear God ... martha what be it ? mother miriam the sheet ... martha what sheet ? mother miriam oh , dear God , I should have guess ... 48 int - convent dine room - night in flashback : the sister be sit around the table at dinner . sister genevieve , the other novice be serve they . mother Miriam fold up a linen towel . mother miriam ( v.o. ) ... I should have suspect something . in flashback , mother Miriam address agnes . mother miriam sister marguerite say you have be sleep on a bare mattress sister . be that true ? agnes yes mother . mother miriam why ? agnes in the medieval day the nun and monk would sleep in they own coffin . sister marguerite give a snort of derision . mother Miriam glance sharply at she , then turn back to agnes . mother miriam we be not in the Middle Ages , sister . agnes it make they holy . mother miriam it make they uncomfortable . and if they do not sleep well I be certain the next day they be cranky as mule . sister where be you sheet ? ( no answer ) do you really believe that sleep on a bare mattress be the equivalent of sleep in a coffin ? agnes no . mother miriam then tell I . where be you sheet ? agnes I burnt they . mother miriam why ? agnes ( a long pause ) they be stain . mother miriam how many time have I burn into you thick skull and the thick skull of you fellow novice , that menstruation be a perfectly natural process and nothing to be ashamed of . agnes yes , mother . mother miriam say it ! agnes and genevieve it be a perfectly natural process and nothing to be ashamed of . mother miriam mean it ! the two girl start to repeat it but agnes start to cry and Genevieve falter into silence . mother Miriam go on more kindly . mother miriam a few year ago one of the sister come to I in tear , ask for comfort , comfort because she be too old to have any child . not that she want to , but once a month she have be remind of that possibility . agnes it 's not that ... it 's not that ... mother miriam what do you mean ? agnes it 's not my time of month . mother miriam should you see a doctor ? agnes I do not know . I do not know what happen mother , I wake up ... there be blood on the sheet , but I do not know what happen . ( start to weep ) I do not know what I do wrong , I do not know and I should be punish . mother miriam for what ? agnes I do not know ... I do not know ... mother miriam ( v.o. ) that be the beginning , the night of the conception . that 's why she burnt the sheet . 49 int - sickroom - night still in flashback , mother Miriam enter the room where sister paul lie die . Father martineau be there and many of the other nun sing hymn . martha ( v.o. ) when be that ? mother miriam ( v.o. ) the twenty third of January . on that night one of we elder nun pass away . martha ( v.o. ) sister Paul ? mother miriam ( v.o. ) yes . I do not remember where agnes be . I be need in the sick room . Father martineau annoint the old woman . then agnes quietly slip in unobserve . sister Paul rally for a moment , try to say a single silent word to she . the smile slip from agnes ' face . then sister Paul lie back and die . 50 int - cathedral - day martha and the monsignor be walk through the church talk . he be quite young and have a rather abrasive manner . ( beginning miss ) martha no . monsignor well you be probably right about that . it certainly can not help sister agnes to have this investigation continue for any length of time . martha why do you call it a investigation ? I never have . monsignor you mother be a resident of Saint catherine home before you move she . martha what do this have to do with ..? monsignor and you have a sister who die in the convent . martha who tell you this ? monsignor do you still go to church ? martha what business be it of yours ..? monsignor oh , we just wonder if you can be very objective about this case . martha look , Father , ah ... just because I do not subscribe to the ... to the belief you subscribe to ... monsignor ( halting ) but what you believe make no difference to we whatsoever Doctor . but it do make all the difference to agnes . martha I do not understand . be you expect I to ..? monsignor well somone 's get to suffer for this Doctor . you have get to be merciful and quick . Excuse I . martha stare at he as he walk away . 51 ext - convent - day a single shot of the back of the convent and the belltower . the bell be ringing . 52 int - belltower - day mother Miriam be ringing the bell and it take quite a considerable effort . 53 ext - convent farmyard - day agnes have a wheelbarrow full of straw and manure . she dump it on a pile . 54 int - cowshed - day martha be watch agnes milk a cow . martha agnes , I be here because I want to help you . agnes I be not sick . martha but you be troubled ... be not you ? agnes that 's because you keep remind I . if you go away then I will forget . martha and you be unhappy . agnes everyone 's unhappy , you be unhappy be not you ? martha agnes ... agnes answer I ! you never answer I . martha sometimes , yes . agnes only you think you be lucky because you do not have a mother who say thing to you and do thing to you that maybe be not always nice but that be because of I , because I be bad , not she . agnes carry the milk pail round to the churn . martha what do you do ? agnes I be always bad . martha what do you do ? agnes I breathe ! agnes fall to she knee . martha move round and kneel in front of she . martha agnes . what do you mother do to you ? ( no answer ) if you can not answer I , just shake you head yes or no . do ... do she hit you ? ( ange shake she head : no ) do she make you do something you do not want to ? ( yes ) do it make you feel uncomfortable to do it ? ( yes ) do it embarrass you ? ( yes ) do it ... do it hurt you ? ( yes ) what do she make you you do ? agnes no ... martha you can tell I . agnes I can not . martha she 's dead be not she ? agnes yes . martha she can not hurt you any more . agnes she can . martha how ? agnes she watch ... she listen . martha agnes , I do not believe that . tell I . I will protect you from she . agnes she ... martha yes ? agnes ... make I ... martha yes ? agnes ... take off my clothes and then ... she make fun of I . martha she tell you you be ugly ? agnes yes . martha and that you be stupid ? agnes yes . martha that you be a mistake ? agnes she say my whole body 's a mistake . martha why ? agnes because she say if I do not watch out I will have a baby . martha how do she know that ? agnes her headache . martha oh , yes . agnes and then ... martha what ? agnes she touch I down there with a cigarette . ( martha gasp ) please mommy , do not touch I like that any more . I will be good , I will not be a baby any more . martha agnes , oh agnes , agnes I want you to do something . I want you to pretend that I be you mother . oh yes , only this time I want you to tell I what you be feel , alright ? agnes I be afraid . martha please ! I want to help you . let I help you . agnes alright . martha agnes , you be ugly !... what do you say ? of course you do . agnes , you be ugly !... what do you say ? agnes no I be not . martha be you pretty ? agnes yes . martha agnes , you be stupid . agnes no I be not . martha be you intelligent ? agnes ( more forcefully ) yes I be . martha you be a mistake . agnes ( shouting ) I be not mistake , I be here be not I . how can I be a mistake if I be really here . God do not make mistake , you be a mistake ... agnes be half shouting , half cry . martha hold on to she . martha oh agnes , oh agnes , it 's alright , it 's alright , it 's alright , it 's alright , I love you . agnes do you really love I or be you just say that ? martha I really love you . agnes as much as mother Miriam do ? martha as much as God love you . 55 int - agnes ' old room - day martha be in there by herself smoking . the elderly nun appear at the door . elderly nun I have be watch . we be fine ' till she come . she bring the devil here . ( make the sign of the cross ) there be blood on she hand that night . martha agnes ? ( the nun shake she head ) who ? mother Superior ? elderly nun ( in french ) ??? martha what ? elderly nun look into the convent record . martha sister ... but the nun have go , walk quickly away down the corridor . 56 int - record room - day sister ( ? ) enter to find martha go through a cabinet . martha ( slightly guiltily ) oh , good afternoon sister , I ... I be look for some biographical data on sister agnes , and mother say I might find it here . the sister smile , go to another cabinet , extract a file and hand it to she . martha thank you . the sister nod and without a word leave the room . martha wait until she have go , then open the cabinet and pull out another file . glancing at the door , she compare the two file . they both have the same surname burchetti . the the door open and mother Miriam be stand there . martha you lie to I mother miriam about what ? martha ( brandish the file ) you niece ! mother miriam I do not tell you because I do not think it be important . martha no , it just make you doubly responsible do not it ? mother miriam I never see agnes until she set foot in this convent . my sister run away from home . we lose touch with she . and when my husband die and I come here , she write to I and ask I if I would take care of agnes in case anything happen . martha and agnes ' father ? mother Miriam turn out of the room . martha go after she . mother miriam it could have be any one of a dozen man from what my sister tell I . 57 int - corridor - day continue , just outside the record room . mother miriam ( cont . ) she be afraid that agnes would follow in she footstep . she do everything she could to prevent it . martha like keep she home from school ? mother miriam yes . martha listen to angel ? mother miriam she drank too much . that 's what kill she . martha do you know what she do to she ? mother miriam I do not think I care to know . martha she molest she ! mother miriam oh , dear God . martha there be more here than meet the eye be not there ? lot of dirty little secret . mother miriam ( cry ) oh God , if only I would know . martha why do not you ? you know she be keep she home from school . you know she be a alcoholic . mother miriam I know that after the fact . martha why do not you do anything to stop she ? mother miriam because I do not know ... ( she leave ) martha oh , God . dissolve to : 58 int - police station , larry office - day Larry be interview a young prostitute in french . martha appear at the door . martha Larry ... larry marty , what be you do here ? martha Larry there 's get to be something miss . larry I give you the picture marty , what else do you want ? martha something they ... that they overlook . larry what ? you think that the girl be innocent ? martha I do not know . larry you get to be crazy . Larry pull out a pack of cigarettes , give one to martha and to the prostitute . martha Larry ... larry what 's the matter with you , you have see the report . it 's a cut and dry case . martha maybe there 's something that 's not in the report that should be . larry you be too involved marty . ( light she cigarette ) Jesus look at you . why do not you turn this case over to someone else ? Larry light he own cigarette and come over to martha . larry ( cont . ) I will ask around , see what I come up with . in the meantime you go home and get some sleep . martha thanks . ( she leave ) larry ( call after she ) if I find anything I will call you . 59 int - martha' apartment - night martha take off she coat , move across the room turn on light . she flick the answerphone on . her cat meow . secretary ( v.o. ) hi marty , it 's helen . Mrs davenport call and be very upset that you would miss she appointment . she want you to call she at home , oh and a couple of reporter have be try to get a hold of you about sister agnes . they seem persistent and they may try to reach you at home . I do not give they number . some whir and beep . martha go into the bathroom . reporter ( v.o. ) ( french accent ) hallo , Doctor Livingston . my name be ( ? ) . I be do a Sunday article on sister agnes for the gazette . I would appreciate it if you would give I a phone call on 942-2424 . more beep and whir . martha start to undress . larry ( v.o. ) hi marty , it 's I . listen I just talk with detective crawley who be at the convent . she say that there be one thing that bother she that do not make it into the report . the waste paper basket . the one in agnes ' room . ( martha freeze in the middle of lighting up ) none of the other nun have one . bye . martha rush over to the answerphone and rewind it . larry ( v.o. ) ... she that do not make it into the report . the waste paper basket . the one in agnes ' room . none of the other nun have one . bye . martha look thoughtful and flick off the desk lamp . 60 int - convent chapel - day Father martineau be say mass . all the sister be there sing together . Father martineau place the host in the sconce , incence it and raise it up . Close on individual nun at prayer include agnes . dissolve to : 61 int - barn - day mother Miriam be kneel in the doorway of the barn , praying when martha enter . mother Miriam pause . martha I have get the court 's permission to hypnotise she . mother Miriam make the sign of the cross and stand up . mother miriam and my permission ? martha I would like yours too . mother Miriam grab a bucket and move across the barn . martha follow she . mother miriam we will see about that . martha do not deny it ! mother miriam I have not decide yet . martha the woman 's health be at stake . mother miriam her spiritual health . martha I do not give a damn about she spiritual health . mother miriam I know you do not . mother Miriam start shovel grain into the bucket . martha sentence she and be do with it , that 's what you be say and I ... mother miriam I be say ( distort ) a beautifully simple woman ... martha a unhappy woman ... mother miriam she 's happy with we and she could go on be happy if she be leave alone . martha then why do you call the police in the first place mother , huh ? martha ( cont . ) why do not you just throw the baby into the incinerator and be do with it . mother miriam because I be a moral person . martha bullshit ! mother miriam bullshit yourself ! martha Catholic Church do not have a corner on morality ... mother miriam who say anything about the Catholic Church ... martha you just say ... mother miriam what the hell have the Catholic Church get to do with you ? martha nothing ... mother miriam what have we do to hurt you ? and do not deny it , I can smell a ex - Catholic a mile away . what do we do ? burn a few heretics , sell some indulgence ? that be in the day when the Church be a ruling body . we let government do that thing today . so what do we do to you eh ? you want to neck in the back seat of a car when you be fifteen and you could not because it be a sin ? this time it be martha who walk away and mother Miriam who follow she . mother miriam ( cont . ) so instead of question that one rule ... martha ( halting ) it be not sex . it be a lot of thing , but it be not sex . you know when I be in the first grade my best friend be run over on the way to school , you know what the nun say ? she die because she have not say she morning prayer . mother miriam stupid woman ... and that 's all ? martha that 's all ? that 's enough ! she be a beautiful little girl . mother miriam and what have that to do with it ? martha I be not . I be not . she be the pretty one . she die , why not I ? I never say my morning prayer . and I be ugly , I be scrawny , I have buck tooth and freckle all over my face , do you know what the nun call I , sister Mary clitus , call I polkadot Livingston . mother miriam so you leave the Church because you have freckle ? martha no , because I ... yeah , yeah I leave the Church cause I have freckle . they both can not help laugh at this absurdity . 62 ext - courtyard - day a couple of nun walk across the courtyard . another be meditate alone . on a bench a nun kiss a dove and let it fly away . 63 ext - gazebo - day it be out the back of the convent near the belltower . mother Miriam and martha be sit there talk . martha be smoking . mother miriam when I be a child I use to hear my guardian angel . she sing to I ' till I be six year old . that 's when I stop listen . but I remember the voice . a few year ago I look at myself and see nothing but a nun who be certain of nothing . not even of Heaven . not even of God . and then one evening I see agnes stand by she window , sing . and all my doubt about myself and God be go , in that one moment . I recognize the voice . please do not take it away from I again Doctor Livingston . that year after six be very bleak . martha my sister die in a convent . and it 's she voice I hear . ( a long pause ) do my smoking bother you ? mother miriam no , it remind I . martha would you like one ? huh ? mother miriam I would love one . martha hand she a cigarette and light it for she . mother Miriam cough a lot . martha pat she on the back . mother miriam I be out of prac ... ( cough ) ... practice . ( cough ) martha all right ? mother miriam Fine thanks ... martha do you suppose the saint would have smoke if tobacco have be popular back then ? mother miriam undoubtedly . not the ascetic of course but , well Saint Thomas more ... martha ( chuckle ) Long , thin and filter . mother miriam Saint ignatius would smoke cigar and stub they out on the sole of he bare foot . ( they roar with laughter ) and of course ( distort ) martha Hand roll . mother miriam even Christ would partake socially . martha Saint Peter ? mother miriam pipe ! martha right ... mother miriam Mary magdelen ? martha ( imitate ) oh , you have come a long way baby . mother miriam and Saint John would chew tobacco . more laughter , then the moment because more serious . martha right . ( a pause ) what do you suppose today 's saint be smoking ? mother miriam there be no saint today . good people yes , but extraordinarily good people ... that I be afraid we be sorely lack . martha do you think they ever exist ? mother miriam yes I do . martha do you want to become one ? mother miriam become ? one be bear a saint . martha well you can try , can not you , to be good ? mother miriam yes , but goodness have very little to do with it . not all the saint be good , in fact some of they be a little crazy . but ... they be still attach to God . agnes have that birth . ( she stand ) no more ... we be bear , we live , we die . no room for miracle . ( martha get up too ) oh my dear , how I miss the miracle . they start walk back to the convent . martha do you think agnes be still attach to God ? mother miriam listen to she sing . martha ( a pause ) I would like to begin . mother miriam begin what ? martha the hypnotism . do you still disapprove ? mother miriam would it stop you if I do ? martha no . they both halt . mother miriam May I be present ? martha of course . mother miriam then let 's begin . 64 int - attic room - day the room be paint white and completely empty with a steeply sloping ceiling . agnes be sit on a chair with she eye close , already under hypnosis . martha and mother Miriam be face she . martha you be listen to a chorus of angel . the music surround you like a ... warm and , comfortable pool of water . and while you be sleep , you be go to be able to recall , all the thing that we want you to remember . and when I count to three and clap my hand , you will no longer be hypnotise . can you hear I . agnes yes . martha who be I ? agnes Doctor Livingston . martha and why be I here ? agnes to help I . martha good . would you like to tell I why you be here ? agnes because I be in trouble . martha what kind of trouble ? ( no answer ) what kind of trouble agnes ? martha start to walk around behind agnes . agnes I be frighten . martha of what ? agnes of tell you . martha but it 's easy . it 's just a breath with sound . say it . what kind of trouble ? agnes ( a pause ) I have a baby . both martha and mother Miriam react with some degree of relief . martha how do you have a baby ? agnes it come out of I . martha do you know what be go to come out ? agnes yes . martha do you want it to come out ? agnes no . martha why ? agnes because I be afraid . martha why be you afraid ? agnes because I be not worthy . martha to be a mother ? agnes yes . martha why ? agnes May I open my eye now ? martha no not yet agnes , very soon but not yet . how do the baby get into you ? agnes it grow . martha what make it grow ? do you know ? agnes yes . martha would you like to tell I ? agnes no . martha do anyone else know about the baby ? agnes I can not tell you that . martha will she be angry ? agnes she make I promise not to . martha who ? who make you promise ? ( no answer ) it 's alright agnes . it 's alright . ( a pause ) let 's go to you room . it 's the night about six week ago when you be very sick . agnes I be afraid . martha oh do not be , I be here . it 's alright . I want you to tell I what you do before you go to bed . agnes I eat . martha hm hmm . what do you have for dinner ? agnes Fish ... ( distastefully ) ... brussel sprout . martha you do not like brussel sprout ? agnes I hate they . martha and mother Miriam can not help smile . martha and then what happen ? agnes we go to chapel for vesper . martha hm hmm . agnes I leave early because I be not feel very well . suddenly agnes leap up from she chair . martha what be it ? agnes someone 's follow I . martha who ? agnes sister marguerite I think . martha be it sister marguerite who know about the baby ? ( no answer ) alright agnes , I want you to see you room as you see it on that night . martha ( cont . ) open you eye . ( she open they ) what do you see ? agnes my bed . martha what else ? agnes a crucifix . martha above the bed ? any ... anything else ? what do you you see , something different ? what be it ? agnes ( puzzle ) a wastepaper basket . martha do you know who put it there ? agnes no . martha what do you think it 's there for ? agnes for I to get sick in . martha be you ill ? agnes yes . martha what do you feel ? agnes I feel as if I have eat glass . martha what do you do ? agnes I have to throw up ... and she fall to she knee , retching horribly . agnes ( cont . ) I can not ... glass ... one of the sister have feed I glass . martha which one ? agnes I do not know which one ( distort ) martha of what ? agnes of I . oh ... god! my God ... ( assume the birth position and look between she leg ) Water ... it 's all water ... martha why be not anyone come ? agnes ( try to wipe up the water ) they can not hear I that 's why . ( in terrible pain ) oh God ... I do not wanna ... mother miriam ( to martha ) stop she ! then agnes try to crawl away as though terrify of something . martha what be it ? agnes please get away from I ... martha who ? agnes go away , I do not want you here . martha be someone in the room with you ? agnes no ... do not hit I please ... mother miriam stop this , she will hurt herself ( step forward ) I be not go to allow this . martha ( haul she away ) no ... no ... I say leave she alone . agnes ( still scream ) you be try to take my baby ... try to take my baby ... no ... ( then quietly ) it be not my fault mommy ... it be a mistake mommy . martha alright agnes ... it 's alright . one , two three ... ( clap she hand ; agnes come to ) it 's alright ... it 's I , Doctor Livingston , it 's alright , alright . thankyou agnes , thankyou . how do you feel ? agnes frightened . martha do you remember what just happen ? agnes ( a long pause ) yes . martha that 's good . do you feel well enough to stand ? agnes yes . martha help she to she foot . agnes cling to she . martha there you go . it 's alright , it 's alright , it 's all over . it 's alright agnes , that 's right , that 's right . 65 ext - land registry - day martha approach the building and enter it . 66 int - record room - day the camera track through shelf of ancient record and map . martha ( off ) ah excuse I . hallo . I be look for some ah ... ground plan for the ah ... Saint Marie madeleine convent in ( distort ) . man ( off ) ( answer in french ) martha and a middle age official come into view . he stop at a long set of drawer and start look through it . man ( in french ) martha ( reply in french ) man oh ... very interesting I guess ... ( he pull out a folder of plan ) Excuse I ... he set the folder down on a table and start go through it . they both look at the plan . man ( cont . ) ah viola ! this have everything . even the secret entrance . they all have that . usually to get from building to building in the snow ... ( he indicate on the plan ) ... like that one . martha ( murmur ) that 's how he get in ... or she get out . man oh excuse I , what do you say ? martha nothing . May I take some note ? man oh yes , ( distort ) martha start draw a rough plan . 67 int - crypt - day the crypt be desert but candle be burn in front of a statue of Saint Michael . martha walk over to it , light a candle and go behind it and find a stairway there lead underground . she go down into ... 68 int - tunnel - day martha walk through the dimly light passage . she stop for a moment to look at a cross carve on the stone floor , then continue . finally she reach more step and go up into the ... 69 int - barn - day martha emerge through a trapdoor in to the barn which be full of dove . it begin to make sense for she . 70 ext - CITY - day various closeup of famous statue . a bell be toll . two nun come out of a building , down street , across the road as though traffic do not exist and into another building . 71 int - lift - day the nun be sister Anne and mother Miriam . in the lift a office girl check she lipstick in the reflective metal wall . the lift stop and the sister get off . 72 int - corridor - day they walk down the modern carpete corridor into ... 73 int - martha' office - day mother Miriam address the secretary , helen . mother miriam be the Doctor in she office ? helen ah , who shall I say be call ? mother miriam ( grimly ) General macarthur . she head onto martha 's office . helen jump up after she . helen just a minute please , you can not go in there . mother Miriam push the door open to reveal martha . martha ( stand ) it 's ... it 's alright helen , just close the door . mother Miriam walk in and throw some papers down onto martha 's desk . mother miriam I have just meet with the bishop . we be take you off the case . martha ( pick up the papers ) you be what ? mother miriam if we want to hire a psychiatrist for agnes . we will find we own , thank you . ( start to leave ) martha one that will ask the question you want ask . mother miriam ( halting ) one that will approach this matter with some objectivity and respect . martha for the Church ? mother miriam for agnes . martha you think she 's a saint ? mother miriam she 's be touch by God , yes . martha how ? how ? she hallucinate , stop eat and bleed spontaneously . be that suppose to convince I she should not be touch . give I a miracle . mother miriam the father ! martha who be he ? mother miriam why must he be anybody ? martha ( laugh and sit down ) my God , you be as crazy as ... mother miriam stop laugh , I do not say it 's the truth , I be say ... martha how ( distort ) ? mother miriam do not be ridiculous . martha well give I a reasonable explanation mother miriam a miracle be a event without a explanation . if she 's capable of put a hole in she hand without benefit of a nail , why could not she split a cell in she womb ? martha this be insane . mother miriam there as no man in the convent on that night and no way for any man to get in or out . martha you be say God do it ? mother miriam no , that 's as much as say Father martineau do it . I be say God permit it . martha but how do it happen ? mother miriam you will never find the answer for everything God do . martha I think you do not believe in miracle today mother ? mother miriam but I want the opportunity to believe . I want the choice to believe . martha but what you be choose to believe be a lie because you will not face the fact that she be rape ... or seduce ... or that she do the seduce . mother miriam she be a innocent . martha but she be not a enigma mother . everything that agnes have do be explainable from modern psychiatry . one , two , three , right down the line . mother miriam that 's what you believe she be ? the sum of she psychological part ? martha that 's what I have to believe ... mother miriam then why be you so obsessed with she ? you be lose sleep over she ? ( martha get up disturb ) you be think about she all the time . you be bent on save she . why ? martha have no answer . mother miriam ( cont . ) ( calmer ) I be not accuse . I be recognize . martha there 's a tunnel out of the crypt into the barn . do you know about that ? there 's a answer mother . that 's how she get out . mother miriam that 's crazy . how could she find out about it ? martha somebody tell she . mother miriam who ? that tun ... that tunnel have not be use in fifty year . martha oh , would you stop lie mother ! mother miriam why would I lie ? martha because it 's murder we be talk about . be not you concerned about what she tell we about the other person in she room . mother miriam I be concerned about she health . martha who be that person mother ? be it you ? mother miriam if you believe this be murder , it be the Crown attorney you have to talk to , not I . and definitely not agnes . she go out and slam the door . 74 ext - pond - day after a couple of establish shot of the convent , the nun be show ice skate on the freeze pond . they be quite uninhibit , like little child . they sing ( off ) from the chapel continue until the end of scene 78 . 75 int - chapel - day sister Genevieve , the other novice be be consecrate . she approach the altar all dress in white , carry a single candle and kneel down . 76 int - law court - day martha and justice leveau come up the step and into the corridor . martha all I want be one more week . leveau why ? ( continue in french , then ... ) you have do nothing to show any progress . martha yes , that 's because I be get to she . leveau you be get to all of we martha , let 's face it . martha I will have a decision by next week . leveau it 's go on long enough . you be out . martha oh Joe ... Joe she do not kill the baby . leveau ( halting ) you have proof ? martha I will have it . leveau when ? martha next week . leveau ( walk on ) no , no , no ... martha I can get you new evidence next week . leveau no ! martha tomorrow ... tomorrow , I will get it by tomorrow . I will . they reach the door of leveau 's office . he think ... leveau yes , demain ( ? ) 77 int - chapel - day the scene consist of a number of shot dissolve into one another . sister Genevieve lie face down in front of the bishop , Genevieve praying on she knee , she family ( 4 ) watch from behind the grill gate . Genevieve 's hair be cut , she joy at the habit be fitte to she , run out to join she family , a jolly old singalong on the piano , this time the nun sing along from behind the gate . 78 ext - convent - day martha drive up in she car and walk across the now snow cover grounds to the convent . 79 int - mother miriam office - day mother Miriam be work away at she desk when a nun interrupt . sing from the party can faintly be hear . nun ( off ) Excuse I mother , Doctor Livingston be here . mother Miriam nod tiredly and go to meet martha at he door . martha hand she a court order . mother Miriam read it briefly and hand it back . mother miriam this be permission to take she apart . martha where be she ? mother miriam have not she have enough ? martha I have a few more question to ask she . mother miriam my God , but you be determine . they move back into the room . martha who know she be pregnant ? mother miriam why do you insist upon press ... martha be it you ? mother miriam be it because she 's a nun ? martha do you know she be pregnant ? mother miriam yes . martha and you do not send she to a doctor . mother miriam I do not guess until it be too late . martha for what ? a abortion ? mother miriam oh , do not be ridiculous . martha too late for what ? mother miriam I do not know ... too late to stop it . martha the baby ? mother miriam the scandal ... martha you go to the room to help with the birth . mother miriam she do not want any help . martha you want that child out of the way . mother miriam that 's a lie . martha you hide the wastepaper basket in she room . mother miriam I do not hide it . I put it there for the blood and the dirty sheet . martha and the baby . mother miriam no ! martha you tie the cord around its neck . mother miriam I want she to have it when no - one else be around , they would have take the baby to a hospital and leave it with they , but it be such a difficult birth , there be so much blood and I panicked . martha before or after you kill the child ? mother miriam I leave it with she and I go for help . martha I doubt that 's what she would say . mother miriam then she 's a liar . 80 int - attic room - day it be the same as before , except that this time martha and mother Miriam be stand . martha agnes , can you hear I ? agnes yes . martha I want you to remember if you can a night last January . the night sister Paul die . do you remember . there be a flash cut to sister Paul be annoint . agnes stir slightly . martha ( cont . ) what 's the matter ? there be another flash cut , this time of sister Paul say that mysterious word that we could not previously understand . agnes she say Michael . martha what do she mean ? there be a third flash cut of the shrine of Saint Michael in the crypt . agnes the statue . she have show it to I the day before . martha and the passage to the barn ? agnes yes . martha why ? agnes so I could go to he . martha who ? agnes him . martha how do she know about he ? agnes she would see he too . martha where ? agnes from the belltower the day she before she die . martha so she send you ? agnes yes . 81 int - tunnel - night in flashback : agnes be walk alone through the tunnel carry a oil lamp . martha ( v.o. ) what happen ? agnes keep walk and finally go up the step into ... 82 int - barn - night still in flashback , agnes emerge into the barn . the dove flap about as agnes move nervously through the barn . agnes ( v.o. ) he 's here . 83 int - attic room - day back to the present : martha be you frighten ? agnes yes . 84 int - barn - night in flashback : the dove continue to make flap and bump sound as they fly around the barn . agnes hallo ... 85 int - attic room - day in the present : agnes ... where be you ? 86 int - barn - night in flashback : agnes be it you ? then she seem to be talk to someone although we can see nothing except the dove . agnes ( cont . ) I ... I be afraid ... yes , yes I do ... why I ?... wait , I want to see you . martha ( v.o. ) what do you see ? 87 int - attic room - day in the present : agnes halos ... 88 int - barn - night in flashback : agnes be still in the barn but now she be lie on she back . still all we can see be dove flash in the light . agnes ( v.o. ) ... divide and divide feather and start , fall , fall into the iris of God 's eye . oh ... oh !... it 's ... it 's so lovely ... it 's so ... blue ... yellow ... blood wing , brown , blood ... and she lift up she hand . 89 int - attic room - day in the present : as she lift up she hand , agnes be horrify to see two hole in she palm weep blood . agnes his blood ... my God ... martha and mother Miriam be equally shocked . martha oh agnes ... agnes run terrify over to the wall blood pour over she white habit . mother Miriam rush after she . agnes it 's bleed ... I be bleed ... my God it will not stop , I can not get it to stop . ( to mother Miriam ) let go of I , I wish you be dead . martha ( try to hold she ) agnes ... agnes ... agnes break free and run over to another wall smear it too with blood . martha follow she . agnes stay away from I ... martha agnes it have nothing to do with the hand of God . he do a terrible thing to you , do you understand ? agnes no ... martha he frighten you and he hurt you . it 's not you fault . it 's he fault . tell we who he be so we can find he . stop he from do this to other woman . agnes not you fault ... martha agnes who do you see ? agnes I hate he ... martha of course you do . who be it ? agnes I hate he for what he do to I . martha yes . agnes for what he make I go through . martha who ? agnes I hate he . martha agnes , who do this to you ? agnes fling she arm back against the wall . agnes God ! it be god. ( sink to she knee ) and now I will burn in hell because I hate he . martha agnes you will not burn in hell . it 's alright to hate he . mother miriam that 's enough . martha agnes , what happen to the baby ? mother miriam ( shouting ) she can not remember . martha what happen to the baby ? agnes it be dead . martha it be alive be not it ? agnes I do not remember . mother miriam ( scream ) oh , do not do this ! martha be not it ! agnes yes ! somehow this declaration seem to calm they down somewhat . mother Miriam be look utterly resign . martha mother Miriam be with you be not she ? agnes yes . martha she take the baby in she arm ? agnes yes . martha you see it all do not you ? agnes yes . martha and then ... what do she do ? ( no answer ) agnes what do she do ? agnes she ... leave I alone with that little thing , and I look at it , and I think this be a mistake . but it 's my mistake , not mommy 's . God 's mistake . agnes ( cont . ) I think I ... I can save she . ( she raise she hand ) I can give she back to God . martha what do you do ? agnes I put she to sleep . martha h... how ? agnes I tie the cord around she neck ... wrap she in the bloody sheet ... and stuff she in the trash can . mother Miriam give a shudder sigh , make the sign of the cross and pray . martha clap she hand lightly together once . 90 ext - CITY - day a shaft of sunlight shine through the winter cloud onto the city . angle on the courthouse . 91 int - court room - day all the main character be present : Eve , lyon , martha , agnes , sister marguerite and mother Miriam . justice leveau be summing up . leveau in view of the situation as it now stand , and the testimony give here this morning , it seem quite clear that the defendant be in no manner responsible for she action . it be therefore the judgement of this court that she be return to the convent of Marie madeleine where she will be care for under proper medical supervision by a visit physician . both martha and mother Miriam show relief at this . justice leveau continue to sum up in french when suddenly agnes stand up . leveau ( cont . ) ( surprised ) oui . do you have something to say ? agnes ( a long pause ) I stand in the window of my room every night for a week . and one night I hear the most beautiful voice imaginable . and when I look I see the moon shine down on he . for six night he sing to I , song I would never hear . and on the seventh night he open he wing and lay on top of I . all the while he sing - ( sing ) Charlie sweet ... Charlie sweet ... Charlie 's a ... leveau please , remove she from the court . martha and mother Miriam step forward uncertainly . leveau would someone please remove the defendant from the courtroom . ( continue in french ) the nun lead agnes , still sing past martha and out of the court . dissolve to : 92 ext - convent - day it be full winter ; many shot of the convent and surroundings dissolve into one another . martha ( v.o. ) I do not know the meaning behind the song she sing . perhaps it be a song of seduction . and the father be a fieldhand . perhaps the song be simply a lullaby that she remember from many year ago . and the father be hope and ... and love and desire . and a belief in miracle . the nun be see walk together through the snow back to the convent over which agnes ' sing can be hear . martha ( v.o. ) I want to believe that she be bless . and I do miss she , and I hope that she 's leave something , some little part of herself with I . that would be miracle enough would not it ? dissolve to : 93 ext - top of belltower - day where agnes be sing she song among the dove . she stop sing and the music fade in on the same key . agnes gently take on of the dove and let it fly away across the snowy landscape . fade out . end title .