Air Force one Andrew marlow fade in : int . c-130 hercule turbo - prop - night eighteen combat-ready special force , wear assault black , jump pack and combat gear , stare down the deep end of a greasy ramp into the night sky . Village light flicker 19,000 foot below . the strike force leader signal to he team . without a moment 's hesitation , they dive into the darkness and plummet toward earth . ext . mansion - night a military guard , old Soviet -style uniform , round the corner of the large estate tote a AK - 47 . a red laser dot appear briefly on he forehead and , after a beat , the red dot seem to bleed . the Guard collapse dead . two other guard be dispatch with single , silence shot . a Strike team member at a junction box await a signal . through infra-re binocular the strike Force leader watch he assault troops as they take position . strike force leader ( into headset / in Russian ) go ! on the estate - as the power go out . the team on the mansion 's front porch pop the door and pour in . int . mansion - night following - the five team member as they rush a stairway in phalanx formation . they nearly knock over a old lady , who in turn let out a blood curdle scream . upstair corridor - the team kick open a door . rushes into the room . int . bedroom - assault weapon point at the bed . the soldier yank back bedsheet to reveal ivan stravanavitch , a middle - age man and he half - naked 18 - year - old concubine . soldier ( in Russian ) get up , now ! up ! the soldier pull stravanavitch to he foot and haul he out of the room . following - as they push down the hallway . mansion security guard rally with haphazard gunfire . out come the strike force 's flash - bang grenade . explode everywhere , disorient stravanavitch 's man . ext . field - night signal flare burn as a helicopter descend on the position . the Strike team evacuate across the field and force a struggle stravanavitch into the low-hover copter . the commando swiftly board the craft as a handful of stravanavitch 's guard break into the clear . they open fire . and the mount machine gun on the helicopter return . one of the Strike team member take a bullet to the neck . he 's ' pull by he comrade into the chopper as it lift into the sky , its gun spitting lead ... strike force leader ( v.0 . ) archangel , this be restitution . archangel , this be restitution . the package be wrap . over . voice ( v.0 . radio ) Roger , restitution . we be stand by for delivery . fade to black the sound of a dinner banquet . fork clanking against plate and the din of a hundred conversation , break by ... the ding , ding , ding of a spoon tapping against a wine glass . super title : " moscow - three week later fade in : int . banquet room - night hundred of man and woman in formal evening wear sit at round banquet table . a hush fall over the guest as the dinging continue . all attention turn to the front table . a rotund , silver haire - man in he late sixty rise and sidle past U.S. and Russian flag up to the podium microphone . he be stoli petrov , President of Russia . petrov ( in Russian ) thank you for join we this evening . petrov 's harsh Russian issue through the room . but over it we hear a young woman 's voice translate . translator ( v.0 . ) tonight we be honore to have with we a man of remarkable courage , who , despite strong international criticism ... at the front table - a translator 's word ring in the earpiece of a handsome man in he mid-forty . worry line crease he forehead and the touch of gray at he temple attest to three very difficult year in office . this man be jame marshall , and he be the president of the UNITED states of america . he busily make last minute change to he speech . translator ( v.0. earpiece ) have choose to join we fight against tyranny in forging a new world community . lady and gentleman , I give you the President of the United States of America ... Mr. President . thunderous applause as Marshall rise and approach the podium . at the back of the room , doherty , a senior policy adviser whisper to the President 's Chief of staff ed shepherd ... doherty maybe we should consider run he for re-election instead of the U.S. the applause die as Marshall begin to speak . marshall ( in Russian with subtitles ) good evening and thank you . first I would ask you to join I in a moment of silence for the victim of the Turkmenistan massacre . the room remain silent a few beat . most guest respectfully bow they head . Marshall begin again , but this time in English . the young woman translate simultaneously for the Russian audience . marshall as you know , three week ago american special force , in cooperation with the Russian Republican Army , secure the arrest of Turkmenistan 's self - proclaim dictator , General Ivan stravanavitch , whose brutal sadistic reign have give new meaning to the word horror . I be proud to say we operation be a success . applause from the audience . Marshall turn the page on he speech . marshall and now , yesterday 's biggest threat to world peace ... today await trial for crime against humanity . during the applause , Marshall pull a page from the speech , fold it and slide it into he pocket . he remove he glass and look out into the crowd . his tone become more personal . he 's not recite the speech anymore . marshall what we do here be important . we finally pull we head out of the sand , we finally stand up to the brutality and say " we have have enough . every time we ignore this atrocity -- the rape , the death squad , the genocide - every time we negotiate with this , this thug to keep they out of gig country and away from gig family , every time we do this.e . we legitimize terror . terror be not a legitimate system of government . and to that who commit the atrocity I say , we will no longer tolerate , we will no longer negotiate , and we will no longer be afraid . it 's you turn to be afraid . applause roll through the crowd . ext . moscow INTERNATIONAL airport - night sprawl terminal spread out to runway like tentacles . on the tarmac - bath in floodlight , perch majestically on the runway , dwarf nearby commuter and military jet , stand ... AIR force one the President 's own boe 747-200 , dub " the fly White House " . the distinctive royal blue stripe over a thin gold line taper to a tail adorn with the american flag and the presidential seal secret service agent and Marines stand guard at the aircraft 's perimeter . a russian news van emerge from the darkness and pull to a stop by a secret service barricade . special agent gibb greet the Russian news team that emerge . gibb gentlemen , welcome to Air Force one . please present you equipment to special agent Walters for inspection . the news team 's segment producer , a crusty old Russian name korshunov raise he big bushy eyebrow . korshunov we have already be inspect . gibb Sir , this plane carry the President of the United States . though we wish to extend you press service every courtesy , you will comply with we security measure to the letter . korshunov of course . I be sorry . korshunov and the five member of he news crew present they video camera , sound equipment and supplies to special agent walter for inspection . secret service dog sniff through the baggage . gibb please place you thumb on the id pad . korshunov put he thumb on the id pad of a portable computer . the computer match up he thumbprint with he dossier and photograph . " cleare " flash on the computer screen . int . hallway - night the President , walk with he entourage . shepherd * CBS say they ' will give we four minute . they think the Russian be a nice touch . marshall I always wonder if my freshman Russian class would come in handy . doherty Sir , you throw out page two . marshall goddamn right I do . I ask for a tough - as-nail speech and you give I diplomatic bullshit . what 's the point in have a speech if I have to ad-lib ? doherty it be a good ad-lib , sir . marshall thanks . wrote it last night . the President exit the building and enter he limousine . ext . tarmac - AIR force one - night Walters hand the bag back to the Russians . walter equipment check out . a strike woman in she early thirty descend Air Force one 's stairway . maria mitchell . gibb gentlemen , this be Maria Mitchell . Press Relations for the presidential Flight Office . she will take you from here . korshunov Ms. Mitchell . so nice to finally meet you in person . mitchell the President and I be delighted that we could accommodate you . now if you be all clear ? ( Gibbs nod ) you can follow I then . they ascend into the belly of Air Force one . mitchell * I will be give you a brief tour , then during the flight , two member of you crew will be allow out of the press area at a time for filming . you will have exactly ten minute with the President and twenty with the crew ... ext . street of moscow , president's motorcade - night winding its way down narrow cobblestone street onto a major thoroughfare . int . presidential limousine - night the limousine be pack with adviser , aide , military staff , include lt . col . perkin , the keeper of the nuclear football handcuff to he wrist . in the b.g. on the limo 's television set , the larry king show indulge in its normal banter . Marshall wearily rub he temple as he stifles a yawn . shepherd you wanna knock of for ? marshall no , no . I be fine . what do the speaker say ? shepherd he and the nra do not like the wording . doherty apparently take uzis away from sixth grader be not as popular as we think it would be . Representative Taylor be work on a compromise . marshall put together a score sheet . I will make some call . shepherd with all due respect , sir , maybe you should give they this one . you number be still pretty low and you call in a lot of chip to nail stravanavitch . marshall I might still have a few chip leave . shepherd * we could always put you in a duck blind with a twelve gauge . the second amendment type will love that . marshall this be a crime bill , Shep . killing a couple duck will not get it through committee . besides , Shep , I tell you ... I do not shoot baby and I do not kiss gun . shepherd other way around , sir . marshall ( realize what he say ) right ... Christ I be tired . do I a favor and keep I away from the press . Marshall 's watch alarm beep and he automatically reach into he breast pocket , pull out a medicine vial and downs two pill with a coffee chaser . on the t.v. larry king ( t.v. ) ... and you reaction to the President 's trip to Moscow . good or bad ? shepherd turn up the volume . shepherd this be the part I want you to see . rep . danforth ( t.v . ) criminal . one of we boy die in Marshall 's little publicity stunt and for what ? so we could claim victory over another country 's problem instead of we own ? and now he 's get the nerve to prance around Moscow gloat , while that poor boy 's family be leave to bury he . if I be Marshall , I would be ashamed of myself . larry king there you have it . harsh word for the President from Michael danforth , the speaker of the House . Marshall mute the television . a quiet moment . shepherd * my opinion . we can not let he get away with that kind of language . Marshall consider . then decide . marshall it 's bait . do not take it . shepherd Sir , the speaker of the House attack this administration on national television . you can not afford to leave that hang . marshall ( ignore shepherd ) do we tape the Duke game ? aide it 's wait on the plane . the end be pretty ... marshall ( interrupt ) please do not tell I . just for once , * let I be surprised . int . AIR force one , corridor , traveling - night Maria Mitchell escort the Russians down the plane 's length . as they pass the galley , Maria motion up a set of stair . mitchell up on the upper deck be the cockpit and the Mission communication Center . the mcc , as we call it , can place clear and secure phone call to anywhere on earth . we be link to a network of military and civilian satellite and ground station . we could run the country or run a war from there if we have to . korshunov this be a remarkable aircraft . mitchell you do not know the half of it . do you know this entire plane be shield from radiation ? we could fly through a mushroom cloud completely unharme if necessary . korshunov a dubious distinction , no ? mitchell I guess it depend on you perspective . they walk by several conference room , run down the starboard side of the plane . korshunov and all this room here ? mitchell Conference room , though some have other function . the one up front double as a emergency medical center . past the conference room , they walk by a small side room where secretary work on computer , generate document . mitchell as you can see , back here 's more like a regular plane . Security and secret service take this cabin . you will be in the rear with the press pool . the rear PRESS cabin , just ahead of the rear galley and bank of bathroom . a handful of disgruntled reporter feign sleep . mitchell here 's a press kit . I will let you guy get comfortable and once we be airborne I will be able to schedule the interview . korshunov thank you . Mitchell exit forward . one of the reporter stir and look up at the news team . he groan . Space be a premium back here . reporter you fella win some sort of fly - with - potus contest ? korshunov potus ? what be potus ? reporter p.o.t.u.s. President of the United States . korshunov ah , no . we win nothing . we be itar -tass news service . reporter right. listen , this here ... this be my row . you will have to sit over there . korshunov trade look with he news team . ext . moscow INTERNATIONAL airport - night the President 's motorcade pull up in front of Air Force one . int . AIR force one - night the President and he entourage ascend from the lower deck platform onto the main deck . col . daniel axelrod , Air Force one 's pilot , snap off a salute as he pass . col . axelrod welcome aboard , Mr. President . marshall ( return salute ) hey Danny . how 's it look tonight ? col . axelrod glassy , sir . Care to take the wheel ? marshall you keep offer , one of this day I will take you up on it . ( to no one in particular ) Rose and Alice back yet ? aide no , Mr. President . the ballet run late . they eta be seventeen minute . Marshall nod as he pull off he bow tie and enter he stateroom . shepherd follow two step behind . shepherd Mr. President ? Marshall halt shepherd with a gesture . marshall thirty second . shepherd nod and wait by the door . Lt. Col. Perkins take a seat outside the president stateroom and open the latest Tom clancy thriller , use the nuclear football as a lap desk . int . president's stateroom - night Marshall collapse on the couch , rub he eye , then close they . a moment of peace in a breakneck day . the knock at the door jar he . marshall yes . shepherd enter . shepherd can I at least issue a press release object to the speaker 's choice of wording ? President Marshall pick up one of the many phone in he office . marshall I say it 's not worth the fight . ( into phone ) steward , please . shepherd we will just say it be in bad taste . * marshall forget it , Shep . the kid give he life for he country and the speaker 's a bastard for turn he into a sound bite . I will take the heat . understood ? shepherd you give I ulcer . marshall that 's my job . a steward enter the room . steward Mr. President ? marshall hey Mike . could you get I a Heineken ? shepherd no , wait . get he one of the Russian beer . the steward nod and disappear from the room . shepherd we have get that Russian news guy on board and it will look good in the papers . Marshall pick up a stack of policy report . thumb through they . marshall c'mon Shep . I have be eat borscht and drink vodka for day . be not that enough ? ( off paper ) New home start be down . the steward arrive with the Russian beer . Marshall take a swig . he swallow hard . piss -water . Marshall cross to he sink and pour the beer out . he hand the bottle to the steward . marshall fill this with Heineken . the steward nod ... steward yes , Mr. President . and slink away with the bottle . marshall catch himself -- marshall I do not believe this . I be play politics with a bottle of beer . a goddamn bottle of beer . I have be in office too long . shepherd look on the bright side ... if the poll do not change , you will not have that problem , sir . Marshall pick up the phone again . marshall yeah . put the Duke game on in my room . int . afo' mission communication CENTER - night three Air Force specialist man the elaborate communication system occupy much of the upper deck . top-of-the-line computer , communication system , video deck , and satellite receiver . AIR force specialist yes , Mr. President . he slide in a videotape and channel the feed to the * president 's stateroom . int . president's stateroom - night a monitor come to life with a basketball game . marshall ( to shepherd ) Defense and State Department in the conference room in one hour . I want to review the Iraq situation . shepherd yes , sir . shepherd exit as Marshall settles into he leather chair and dive into work . he punch a button on the speakerphone . marshall get I the house Secretary ... ext . AIR force one - night the Marine Guards snap to attention once again as the first Lady 's motorcade arrive . rose marshall , a self - assure woman with a aristocratic gleam , alight from she limo . she take a few step , then turn , tapping she foot impatiently . rose c'mon Alice , we be 20 minute late . you father 's gonna have a fit . alice , the President 's 13 - year - old daughter , straggle out of the car , roll she eye . alice it 's not like he have not make we wait a few time . rose well , you be not the President , dear . alice yeah , no duh . int . MAIN deck , AIR force one - night as the first Lady 's entourage enter . rose why do not you go say hi ? again , Alice roll she eye . rose what be wrong with you tonight ? come here . Rose pull Alice aside . rose you do not want to say hi to you father ? alice I be sure he 's busy . rose do not you even want to ask ? Alice toe she foot into the carpet as she release a exasperate sigh . she be , in this moment , the patron saint of know - it - all 13 - year - old girl . Alice wave toward the presidential suite . alice if I go over there to say hi to daddy President , Mike 's go to tell I he 's in a meeting and can not be disturb . then when the plane start to taxi , he will come out and say " hey , be you guy back ? do you enjoy the ballet ? " but he will be on he way to another meeting and will not wait for a answer . then you will get piss at he and he will get piss at you . it 's like you guy rehearse or something . with the weight of the entire world on she shoulder , Alice collapse into one of the many leather chair . it seem to swallow she . jory , a steward pass . alice hey joey , how `bout a cocoa , double whip cream . rose Alice ... alice Mom , just this once , give it a rest . rose you be jet-lagged . we will talk about this back ... alice back at the fishbowl ? Alice eye the swirl of aide who be pretend to work nearby . but it 's obvious that they be eavesdropp . Alice smile and wave at they dramatically . rose we will talk at home . ( beat ) you know , most girl be not as lucky as you . for most girl see the bolshoi ballet would be the experience of a lifetime . alice I know , Mom . ( see the hurt in she mom 's eye and soften ) it be great ... really . Rose nod , smile a half -smile . after a thoughtful beat , Alice get up and cross to the presidential suite . she exchange word with the aide stand outside the door and come back , cover she disappointment . alice he 's in a meeting . he can not be disturb . rose I be sorry , honey . alice no , it 's okay . after all , he be the President , right ? joey the steward hand she she cocoa with a wink and a smile . her eye light up at the mound of whip cream on top . alice when I write my memoir I think I will devote a entire chapter to the cocoa aboard Air Force one . rose you father never mean to be so ... alice I know ... ( beat ) but lotsa time I feel like it 's I versus the world . some kid at school tease I and the same day a plague break out in Bangladesh . I mean it do not take a genius to figure which be more important . rose some kid be teasing you ? alice that 's not really the point . a quiet pause , then ... rose you be right and I will tell you a secret . I know exactly how you feel . alice Big secret . you say the same thing to Newsweek . the plane jolt forward as it begin to taxi . alice we be taxiing . ready . and ... five ... four ... three .. two ... one ... cue daddy . Alice point . and as if on cue , Marshall exit from he office and check he watch . alice oooooh , I be good . marshall hey , you guy back already ? Alice nod . marshall how be ... ( think , then remember ) ... the ballet ? alice ( theatrically ) it be the experience of a lifetime . marshall how `bout a hug for the old man . Alice rise and hug she father . a White House photographer snap off a few shot for the papers . Alice make a face at they . a second later , shepherd come up the corridor , break up the pair . shepherd Mr. President ... they be ready for you in the conference room . marshall okay . hey , pumpkin , you will tell I all about it later , right ? alice sure . as Marshall move toward the conference room , he bend and give Rose a quick peck on the cheek . it all reek of formality . rose May I speak to you for a moment ? marshall can not it wait ? rose no , Mr. President . it can not . int . president's office . Rose shut the door behind they . as she start to speak , Marshall pull she into a long passionate kiss . Rose pull away . rose do not . I know spin control when I feel it . marshall Rose , I do not have time for this . I have gotta go stop a war . rose for godsake , Jim , slow down and stop act like the little dutch boy . not even you can plug all the world 's leak . do not you think it 's a sign you be push too hard when you daughter see more of you on MTV news than in person . marshall she 's a big girl . she understand . rose how do you know she understand ? you have not spend more than five minute with she , or I , in week . marshall and when have I have five minute ? when I wake up in the morning and I be already three hour behind schedule . what do you want I to do , Rose , tell the g7 to fuck off because I be a family man ? ( beat ) I be sorry . that be not fair . rose no . it be not . he take she in he arm . marshall you know what ? rose what ? marshall I miss you . and I miss she . rose but that 's the point , Jim . we be right here . marshall I wish it be that easy ... Long beat . he smile at she , it 's the same sweet smile that win she heart , the same smile that get he elect . she soften . marshall I will make it up to you , I promise . rose I should trust that promise ? because you know the voter be still wait for that middle class tax cut . marshall this promise be not subject to congressional approval . she smile . the tension break . rose how do you speech go ? marshall well , they be not burn I in effigy . that 's always a good sign . they kiss again , this time for real . but ... a knock on the door . shepherd ( 0.5 . ) Mr. President . shepherd open the door . marshall look on the bright side , hon . Shep here think I will be a one termer . rose shall I ask the Chief of staff to schedule you daughter in ? shepherd she be schedule . her school play 's Tuesday night . Rose roll she eye . marshall the first Lady be make a joke , Shep . I will make some time , Rose . I promise . Marshall head for he meeting . ext . cockpit - night Col. axelrod and he co-pilot lt . col . arthur ingraham be at the wheel . russian AIR traffic ( v.0 ) ( thick accent ) United States Air Force one , this be tower . it 's a honor to clear you for immediate take - off on runway three . col . axelrod Roger , Tower . and thank you for the hospitality . axeirod ease up the throttle and the four ge-f103 turbofan engine spring to life . ext . runway - night a picture perfect take - off as Air Force one slide through the moonlight and skate upward on a sheet of air . ext . AIR force one , flying - a hour later airborne in the midnight sky . int . AIR force one , galley - night aircraft engine drine . close on - a coffee pot pour piping joe into a mug emblazon with ubiguitou presidential seal . the mug be place on a tray with a half - dozen other mug and pass to a stew . he carry the tray down the corridor past passenger cabin . drowsiness have overtaken the plane . many of the passenger and aide be asleep . CNN play on t.v. set , entertaining the few night owl and news junky . CNN reporter ( t.v. ) in a unusually aggressive speech , the President characterize the stravanavitch regime as thug whose brutality will no longer be tolerate . meanwhile , in Turkmenistan , stravanavitch 's ouster have send the country into turmoil . ten of thousand of refugee continue to huddle in U.N. safe haven , as rival stravanavitch loyalist fight among themselves for control . but at least for the time be , the ethnic cleanse have be stop . toward the front of the plane , the steward enter the conference room . int . conference room - night as the steward close the door behind he , all background noise disappear . we be in a sound shield room . even the engine ' drine can not be hear . the light in the room be dim as major caldwell , a military advisor , project satellite photo of iraqi military basis onto a screen . the steward serve coffee as unobtrusively as he can while the meeting continue . major caldwell we kh - will 's take this one at 0100 hour . what you see here be the mobilization of two mechanize brigade . marshall they have gotta be joke . doherty the iraqi ambassador be claim it 's just a exercise . marshall a exercise in futility . send the nimitz back in . major caldwell the northern border 's get a bit hairy . they mig be play tag with we tomcat and we boy be just itching to engage . marshall tell we boy to cool they jet . I do not need `em create policy for I . we follow the steward as he slip out of the conference room and back into the ... int . corridor - night with a few coffee leave on he tray . one of they be scoop up by Gibbs as he pass , he nose be bury in a fax . int . secret service cabin - night Gibbs lean in the cabin . gibb hey Walters , you and Johnson come here a second . reykjavik just send the advance team report . special Agents Walters and johnson rise and follow Gibbs into a adjoin office . int . office - continuous Gibbs close the door behind the two agent . as Walters and Johnson take they seat , Gibbs withdraws he weapon and ... shoot each of the agent in the back of the head . silenced pistol . blood all over the desk . Gibbs remove each of the agent 's weapon and slip they into he waistband . he wait a few beat , take a long sip of coffee , then exit the office . int . secret service cabin - night as he pass through the cabin he take a silent inventory . five other agent work , sleep , on the phone . int . PRESS cabin - night Gibbs nod to korshunov . korshunov nod one of he man . nevsky remove one of he videotape , pop the front cover expose the tape . across the face of the tape be a thin strip of a rubbery substance . nevsky pull the strip up and out , make a kind of fuse . he reach for a pack of match ... courtesy match , sport the seal of the President . nevsky nod and light the fuse . in a rapid succession - gibb toss he two extra weapon to korshunov 's man , pivot the corner and begin fire at he colleague . the secret service agent try to get at they weapon , but Gibbs have catch they completely off-guard . several silence central nervous system shot ( head and neck ) and the five agent slump back , they red blood cascade down the crease of the fine corinthian leather chair . nevsky toss the cassette up the corridor ... smoke pour out of it . smoke screen . bazylev and zedeck catch the gun Gibbs toss and hold they on the reporter . bazylev up ! get up now ! bazylev grab the stunne reporter , yanking they into the aisle . bazylev walk in front of we . go! go! go! human shield . a half dozen of they . behind the terrorist , one of the bathroom door swing open . a secret service agent emerge . see what 's happen . reaches for he gun . zedeck fell he with a well place unsilence gun shot . scream ensue ... int . forward cabin - night a sleep secret service agent bolt upright . hear more shot . he spring up and move toward the gunshot , he weapon draw . secret service agent shot fire ! secure boy scout ! ( scream out and into he lapel mike ) shot fire ! shot fire ! int . secret service cabin - night bazylev and Zedeck lay down a suppress fire outside the door . gibb come on ! quickly . korshunov , nevsky and vlad follow Gibbs into the secret service office . Gibbs open a locker and pull out a stash of mp5 automatic assault rifle and bullet - proof vest . korshunov raise he bushy eyebrow in delight . gibb the secret service believe in be prepare for any eventuality . int . corridor - night the secret service agent fight he way through the smoke to a wall panel . punch a red buttone intercom . int . AIR force onex flight deck - night a red light on the security panel light up ... secret service agent ( v.0 . ) we have a code red , I repeat , code red . Shots fire onboard . cot. axelrod cabin / Flight deck : code Red acknowledge ... shit . lo. ccl . ingraham ( into headset microphone ) Warsaw tower this be Air Force one . declare emergency . axelrod toggle he headset to secure line . col . axelrod ranstein Air base , this be Air Force one heavy . we have a code red . Shots fire onboard , request priority redirect . please acknowledge . int . ramstein AIR base , AIR traffic conthol tower - night super - " ramstein AIR base , germany " hunched over a control terminal , the AIR traffic controller track Air Force one 's radar image . ramstein a.b. controller fuck I . go wake the general . now ! the watch officer spring into action , pick up a phone . ramstein a.b. controller Air Force one heavy , acknowledge . you be on we scope . please state fuel remain and soul onboard . col . axelrod ( radio ) sixty seven soul onboard , we be okay with fuel . request secure military escort with emergency medical stand by . ramstein a.b. controller Air Force one heavy , acknowledge . we be scramble we fighter . the controller hit a red button on he console . siren flare up and klaxon wail across the base . the controller look down to he runway . in the light of the moon he see a half - dozen man rush toward F - 15 eagle . ramstein a.b. controlllr call Berlin Tower . not a plane land or take off within two hundred mile ! understood ? the once sleepy midnight control room crank into full crisis mode . int . AIR force one , mission communications CENTER - night pandemonium . gunfire pop in the b.g. Air Force specialist try to get the word out . AIR force specialist a.f. specialist # 2 General greely ? no sir , interrupt she . this be this be Air Force one . we Air Force one with a have a code red . Shots emergency call . have be fire . int . conference room - night the conference room door burst open and two secret service agent , weapon draw , enter the room and run to Marshall . the once quiet room flood with light . the sound of a gunfight and a blanket of smoke sweep into the cabin . marshall what 's go on ? secret service agent we be under attack . marshall where 's my family ? secret service agent we be handle it , sir . the agent lift Marshall to he foot , and practically carry he from the room , leave the other high rank official to scramble for themselves in a cacophony of shout . marshall the launch code ! who 's protect the football ? forward corridor - Perkins , carry the nuclear football , duck and weave he way down the corridor into the fray . he take a bullet to the shoulder , which fell he . near the forward galley - Alice be nearly trample by agent respond to the gunfire . one agent grab she and shove she into a bathroom . secret service agent do not open the door ! gunfire pop all around she . int . corridor , rear cabin - night smoke , automatic weapon fire . secret service agent battle the terrorist . aide , diplomat , crew and personnel catch in the crossfire . zedeck down ! everybody down . a spray of weapon fire overhead and everyone hit the floor . zedeck stay down , place you hand behind you head and you will not be shot ! int . AIR force one , flight deck - night ramstein a.b. controller ( radio ) Air Force one heavy , you be clear for priority divert , all runway be clear . lo. col . ingraham Warsaw Tower have clear local airspace . col . axelrod change course head to 276 point five . drop to twenty thousand foot . Shots can be hear outside . col . axelrod ingraham , make sure that door 's lock . lo. col . ingraham yes sir . ingraham lock the cockpit door . ext . sky - night Air Force one bank into a curve and descend through break cloud . int . presidential stateroom - night the sound of gunfire have reach the the nose of the plane . Rose peer out to see what 's the matter . a armed secret service agent run toward she . secret service agent get back ! get back ! a spray of bullet mow he down . he collapse in the door frame . terrify , Rose try to close the door , but the dead agent be in the way . int . corridor - night fill with smoke and gunfire . the agent rush the President behind a forward bulkhead . secret service agent ( into mike ) we have Boy scout , travel forward . voice ( over mike ) negative ... negative ... they be up here too . secret service agent Roger . we be go to the chute . Marshall look up the hallway toward he stateroom . marshall ( call out ) rose ! alice ! down the corridor - Gibbs fire . hit - one of the secret service agent in the shoulder . blood blossom through he clothes but he wince it off . secret service agent come on , sir . the secret service agent whisk the President to the front stairwell . they pull up a floor panel , revealing stair descend toward the baggage deck . int . bathroom - Alice , huddle atop the commode . marshall ( o.s. ) Alice ! alice daddy ... Alice open the door and rush ... into the corridor ... tripping and fall over joey , the steward . his dead eye swim in a pool of blood that be he face . Alice scream , scramble to she foot . mid - plane corridor - Perkins manage to push himself to he foot and stumble down the hall into the computer room . terrorist serge spot the nuclear football dangle from he wrist . he pursue . int . computer room - night hysterical secretary feverishly dump classified document into a shredder , while Perkins struggle to open the black leather briefcase handcuff to he wrist . bullet tear up the doorknob lock arid serge kick in the door . serge down ! everyone down ! the fawn hall hit the floor as gunfire spray overhead . but Perkins swing around brandish he sidearm . he open fire on serge , but the bullet smack harmlessly against the swat vest . serge return fire , rip up Perkins who collapse over the shredder , and with he last bit of strength , he dump out the briefcase . paper contain nucle war strategies and missile launch code slide into the hungry shredd machine . Perkins manage a slight smile before he keel over dead , he duty fulfil . the shred remain of the nuclear football rain over he head like tickertape at a hero 's parade . ext . sky - night the pale moon catch shiny streak of metal that descend through the break cloud . the squadron of F - 15 eagle drop into formation around Air Force one . int . flight deck - night gun shot right outside the cockpit door . cot . carlton ( radio ) Air Force one , this be squadron Commander canton . you be now under escort . all airspace have be clear . col . axelrod this be Air Force one heavy . I be come in full throttle . eta to ranstein eight minute . we have get a war here , sir . int . cockpit f-lb eagle - night encase in a helmet , mask , and visor , carlton watch the flash of gunfire in the dark window of the plane . cot. carlton copy . Delta Force have be mobilize . cot . axelrod ( v.0 . ) Roger that . int . lower deck of AIR force one - night beneath the main cabin , the secret service agent run the President through the forward baggage compartment and the lower galley : a large room with compartment , storage freezer and food preperation table . on the far side of the galley , the agent fling open a hatchway and enter ... a narrow gangway - run between the lower galley and the rear baggage hold , flanke on either side by the landing gear bay . they duck under wing support until they come to a mesh grate . the uninjured agent lift the grate revealing a escape pod . secret service agent get in ! Marshall freeze . secret service agent get in , sir . a second later gunfire rip up the agent 's face . the new volley send Marshall under the cover of a wing strut . the second agent take position and return fire . he quell the income volley for a moment . marshall what about my family ? secret service agent # I have a family , too , sir . now get in the fuck pod . the fire begin again . Marshall struggle with the decision . secret service agent # Mr. President ... mr. president ! you have to do this ! the pod , on three . ready ? the agent shove in a fresh clip ... secret service agent one . marshall but ... secret service agent ( cut he off ) two ... three . go ! the agent combat-rolls into the open and fire . he advance down the gangway act as a shield for the president , shoot blindly . Marshall watch as he 's hit repeatedly , but it give he the time he need to dive for the pod . reverse angle - vlad and nevsky behind the bulkhead . when the agent drop , nevsky and viad rush down the gangway . they arrive at the close pod just as it begin to slide on its rail . they let loose dozen of round from they mp55 , but the bullet just plink off . the pod-lock door slide shut . the President be on he way to safety . ext . sky - night small bay door open in the belly of Air Force one , and a human size cannister drop from the bottom , its parachute open instantly . int . flight deck - night a light flash on the panel . cot . axelrod ( into mike ) ramstein / Air Force one : emergency pod have be deploy . I repeat , emergency pod have be deploy . ranstein a.b. controller this be ramstein . acknowledge . we be pick up the home beacon and deploy search and rescue . cot . axelrod copy ramstein . we be drop to five thousand foot , beginning final approach . int . baggage deck gangway - night alice ( o.s. ) daddy ? dad ? her voice come closer , fill with choke fear and panic . she round the corner and nevsky catch she hair with a vice - tight grip shove he mp5 into the small of she back . nevsky you father have leave you behind . int . presidential stateroom - night korshunov kick open the door . rose no ! gunfire from rose , who hold the dead secret service agent 's weapon . she empty the clip at the doorway . click , click . no more bullet . korshunov step into the room , brandish he automatic , smile . Rose back against the wall and raise she hand . ext . white house lawn - day a Marine helicopte touch down on the greenway . Marines salute and escort katherine chandler from the chopper ' interior to the South entrance of the White House . she be the vice president of the UNITED states of america . int . AIR force one , mission comnunication CENTER - night Zedeck step over the three dead Communications specialist , on he way to the cockpit door . tries the door . it 's lock . he pound on it . zedeck open ! now ! int . flight deck - night through the cockpit window , the glow landing light of ramstein base be visible in the distance , cut a wedge through the german town and field . Zedeck 's pound continue . cot . axelrod ramatein , we be fifteen mile away on final approach . I be come in fast and will need every inch of runway . ramstein a.b. controller ( v.0 . ) copy , Air Force one . wind be twelve knot from the east . tactical and emergency be in position . ext . ranstein AIR field - night rescue vehicle siren gyre in the darkness . a team of black - face commando unload from troop truck . sniper take position atop rescue vehicle , barrack , and the control tower . High - power rifle with infra-re scope . int . mission communications CENTER - night Zedeck aim he mp5 at the flight door . fire off a dozen round . nickel size indentation blossom across the steel surface . int . flight deck - night dull thud of bullet impact . cot . axelrod let 's get this crate on the ground . they be some real good man wait to help we . ext . AIR force one - night the plane sprout landing gear as it descend over the city . come in fast and low . int . mission communications CENTER - night Gibbs shove Zedeck aside . produce a thumb-size amount of C - 4. int . flight deck - night final approach ... the landing strip not far at all . col . axelrod almost there . he raise he flap . Air speed and altitude drop . ext . rapistein AIR field - night spotter find Air Force one 's navigation light visible in the sky , descend from the distant darkness . follow by the cluster of f-lss . int . mission communications CENTER - night Gibbs roll out the C - 4 like a kid make a snake in pottery class . he press it along the door seal . int . flight deck - night altitude decrease . 300 foot ... 200 hundred foot ... the runway come up to meet they . ext . ramstein AIR field - night as the entire airbase collectively hold its breath . Air Force one 's tire hover 50 foot above the ground ... 40 foot ... 30 ... int . mission communications CENTER - night Gibbs raise he pistol . aim at the C - 4 . fires. bam ! int . cockpit - night a blinding flash . the door blow in . ext . ranstein AIR field - night the wheel touchdown . int . mission communications CENTER - night Gibbs and Zedeck storm the cockpit . rnt . flight deck - night axeirod grope at the plane 's control , try to retain the wheel . Gibbs dispatch axeirod with one shot . Zedek be a little messier with ingraham . but both pilot and co-pilot slump over they control . ext . ranstein AIR field - night the taxiing boe 747 suddenly veer to the right cut across runway . emergency vehicle give chase . the plane bounce . be airborne for a second . touches down again with a jolt . int . corridor - AIR force one - night terrorist lead hostage to the conference room . everyone be bounce around , slamm against wall , spilling over chair . a master sergeant seize the opportunity and grab for bazylev 's gun , but bazylev shoot he almost point blank . bazylev keep move ! int . flight deck - night Chaos . Gibbs try to pull axelrod off the control . gibb throttle up . throttle up ! Zedek slam the throttle all the wa up . spotlight and siren swirl outside the cockpit window . ext . rmmstein field - night the Flying White House careen toward the barrack , then edge toward a hangar . the jet engine strain to reach full power . int . ramstein control tower - night the controller stare down at the out -of-control plane . ramstein a.b. controller aw fuck . we be lose it ! int . flight deck - night Gibbs pull axeirod 's body out of the pilot 's seat . look out the cockpit window and see ... a c-141 starlifter in he path . a monstrous plane , every bit as big as Air Force one . Gibbs ease back on the wheel and the 747 sluggishly respond , its nose creep upward . gibb come on . adjust the flap ... ext . ramstein airfield - night Air Force one close in on the starlifter . she 's struggle off the ground like some injure bird . the strain metal defy gravity . int . flight deck - night Gibbs sense that he 's too close . he pull way back on the stick , risk stalling she out ... but the bird respond . ext . ramstein field - night Air Force one barely clear the starlifter , the edge of she wing just miss the top of the C - 141 's tail . the sharpshooter , the emergency crew , the commando from Delta Force ... nothing they can do but watch she rise out . of sight . int . flight deck - later Gibbs and Zedeck . Gibbs check over all the instrument . gibb okay , 30,000 foot . give I my head . zedeck bear 110 point eight two . Gibbs bank the plane into a curve , then activate the auto - pilot . gibb call I if something change . zedeck that 's it ? gibb to fly a 747 you need to know three thing . how to take of for , how to land , and how to engage the autopilot . int . AIR force one - night series of shot -- the terrorist , from every corner of the plane , lead the stunne survivor , hand on head , to the central conference room . as korshunov walk Rose up the corridor , he meet up with Gibbs , descend from the upper deck . korshunov the rest of the secret service ? gibb Dead . korshunov how many other kill ? gibb nine . korshunov any of we ? Gibbs touch he bulletproof vest . gibb no damage . rose where 's my daughter ? gibb she 's alive , mar 'am , for the time be . Rose allow herself a half - sob of relief . rose and my husband ? gibb the secret service do they job , mar 'am . the President be safely off the plane . ( to korshunov ) but that still leave we plenty to bargain with . eye fill with hatred ... Rose slap Gibbs face . rose Mr. Gibbs . you , of all people ... Gibbs do not react . gibb follow I , mar 'am . int . white house situation room - day High -tech map and communication system line the wall , surround a austere main conference table . laptop computer and secure telephone by every seat . side table . tele - type machine spitting out classified information . vice president chandler analyze the project course of Air Force one on the tactical vid-map . v.p. chandler we should have the President secure within minute . do we know who this terrorist be or where they be go ? general northwood , head of the Joint Chiefs of staff ... general northwood General greely say it look like the Middle East . v.p. chandler do you office have anything to add , Mr. Dean ? National Security advisor walter dean lean forward . dean the garner believe that , give the scenario , there 's a 86 % chance that we will be deal with a hostage situation and not a assassination attempt . not much else until there 's more data . v.p. chandler if we be deal with a airborne hostage situation what 's we procedure ? the under - Secretary of Defense , thomas lee , punch up a scenario on the lap-top . lee we only policy assume the plane be on the ground . we hand be completely tie while they be in the air . v.p. chandler okay , gentlemen , we will take no action until we confirm that the president be off the plane ... Lee , go huddle with the d.o.d . I want a option paper on this in 20 minute . lee twenty minute ? v.p. chandler you hear I . ( point to a aide ) you . Congress and cabinet head . the aide nod and pick up a telephone . AIR force colonel Madame vice - President ? Chandler turn toward the door . the Colonel enter the room , hold a black briefcase identical to Perkins ' . v.p. chandler yes ? AIR force colonel National Command Authority . all previous launch code have be cancel . you be carry the ball now . v.p. chandler thank you , Colonel . have a seat . ext . german farmland - night a huey , flanke by a pair of apach , skim the surface of wheat field at maximum velocity . int . huey cockpit - night the pilot check he instrument . he 's hone in on a signal . ext . german farkd - night the swirl spotlight of the apaches finally illuminate the seal of the President atop the emergency deployment pod . the huey drop in for a landing and a half dozen Army ranger in full combat gear deploy to the pod . they open it . but ......... it's empty . int . baggage deck gangway - night bruise and batter , some blood smear across he tuxedo shirt ... president jame marshall lower himself from one of the overhead wing strut . he emerge into the bowel of Air Force one . he stand quietly a moment , listen ... for footstep , for gunfire . all quiet except for the whine of the jet engine . he take a moment to think . consider he situation . his eye find the dead agent who risk he life so he could make it to the pod . he trot down the gangway toward the lower galley . ext . sky - night Air Force one hover atop billowy peak . the smaller F - 15s cluster around she in a loose formation . fighter pilot # 1 ( 0.5 . radio ) Sir , be not there something we can do besides escort ? col . carlton ( o.s. radio ) like what , son ... shoot we own plane down ? fighter pilot # 1 no sir . I just wish ... col . carlton Roger . we all wish ... now shut the fuck up and escort . int . lower galley - night Marshall look around for a weapon ... half - full coffee pot , stove , walk - in freezer , plate and silverware . Marshall pick up a butcher knife . int . corridor , AIR force one - night nevsky and bazylev guard the conference room door as korshunov and vlad enter . nevsky hand korshunov a copy of the plane 's manifest . nevsky every weapon and every person be account for . korshunov nod and enter the room . int . conference room - night korshunov survey the hostage . viad cover they at gunpoint . Rose hold Alice , comforting she . shepherd , doherty , aide , advisor , Crew ... fifty of they huddle like sardine . the plane 's doctor administer to the wounded . korshunov stare down he captive . korshunov fear will keep you alive . any one who be not afraid be bound to do something foolish , and bound to die . rose what do you want with we ? korshunov cooperation . if you try to escape , you will be meet with automatic gunfire and a barricade of you comrade 's body will prevent you from exite . good day . korshunov exit , with viad back out behind he . leave the hostage alone . the sound of the door lock . a mournful beat . everyone look at each other and the dead and wounded victim of this heinous act ... hushed conversation break out all over the room . doherty this can not be happen . you just do not pull this shit with the United States . you just do not . major caldwell keep you head . caldwell pace , look around the room . shepherd Mrs. Marshall , be you okay ? rose we be alive . shepherd that 's all that matter . thank god the President get of for the plane . rose yes ... thank god. ( to caldwell ) you there ... caidwell , right ? what 's on you mind ? caldwell take a beat , then cross to Rose and shepherd . major caldwell ( hushed ) I do not want to get anybody here excited , but if we can get out of this room , I can get we to safety . shepherd we be thirty five thousand foot up . major caldwell yes , sir , that 's a problem , but if we can somehow get to a lower altitude , the rear load ramp on the baggage deck be equip with parachute in case of a engine failure . now we can either wait for a political resolution , or try to resolve this thing ourselves . doherty you be goddamn right we can resolve this ourselves . we will negotiate . shepherd you know the President 's policy . doherty the President be not here . rose right now we be a enormous liability to the United States . we can not just sit and do nothing . int . corridor - night the terrorist move toward the nose of the plane leave nevsky to guard the conference room . int . baggage hold - night President Marshall reach the front stairway . cautiously climb to the main cabin . as he reach the top stair , he hear Russian conversation approach . he duck back into the stairwell . he can not see they , but he can hear they . the terrorist pass within a few foot as they ascend to the Mission Communications Center on the upper deck . Marshall wait a few beat , listen to the silence . then be - mount the stair and almost run into the back of ... viad stand guard , face the opposite direction . Marshall freeze ... look past viad down the corridor where nevsky guard the main conference room floor . unaware of Marshall , viad reach into he pocket and pull out a cigarette . light it . on the first puff he feel a presence behind he . vlad slowly turn around ... nothing there . he smile at he jittery nerve , turn back round . reverse angle - over vlad 's shoulder ... marshall , flatten behind the edge of the galley divider . he creep away from vlad toward the presidential suite ... step gingerly over dead secret service agent . int . mission communications CENTER - * korshunov pull a handkerchef from he breast pocket and wipe the blood from a telephone headset . korshunov proceed . Gibbs work the communication board , dial in a series of number . telephone ringing ... int . white house situation room - day a map of Air Force one 's flight trajectory be display on the rear screen . Moscow to Berlin and back toward the Black Sea . the assemble brass listen as korshunov 's voice slither off the speaker phone . korshunov ( speaker ) ... the Chief of staff , the first Lady , and the first daughter . we demand be simple . arrange the release of Ivan stravanvitch . once we leader be return to turkuenistan soil , Air Force one and it 's occupant will be allow safe passage to Switzerland . you have one hour before we start kill hostage . the phone click off . a silent beat in the room . v.p. chandler find that voice for I , I want to know who we be deal with . and get President petrov on the phone . general charle greely , head of the 87th mechanize Air wing , the unit responsible for Air Force one , enter the room . general greely Madame vice - President , we just get word from ramstein ... the nod be until Chandler stand . v.p. chandler empty ? general greely the President ... he must still be onboard . v.p. chandler play back that call . technical officer yes , sir . the tech Officer index back on he computer . korshunov ( v.0 . tape ) the plane be under we command , and that we do not kill we hold as hostage , include the Chief of staff , the first Lady , and the first daughter . v.p. chandler but not the President . not the President . a silent beat . general northwood he 's dead then . they must have kill he . dean we do not know that . general northwood holding the president hostage be not something that slip you mind when you be make demand . v.p. chandler and if he 's dead ? do you really think they would risk tell we ? dean there be a possibility we be overlook . all eye turn to Dean . dean when I run specop in ` nam , I order the destruction of a v.c. munition dump . during insertion , the plane be shot down and the entire team be kill , or so we think . two day later the dump blew and a week after that , this 19 - year - old kid , the pilot ... he walk out of the jungle in pretty bad shape . he survive the crash and finish the mission ... alone . general northwood walter , if you have a point , make it . dean that kid 's name be Jim Marshall . most of the President 's service record make for dull read because most of what he do iarlz ulirn . History remember he for what he do aflar he get back to the state -- the protest , the rally -- but he be a soldier once , a damn fine one . v.p. chandler so what be you say ? dean maybe he 's alive on that plane and that bastard do not even know it . v.p. chandler Mr. Dean , may I remind you that the President be not 19 anymore . int . president's stateroom - night Marshall cautiously enter the room . ready for action . the room be empty , but it 's be trash by the firefight . the sound of voice ... come from the Duke game which still play . Marshall hustle over to one of the secure phone . it 's dead . he try the regular phone . Dead . hang it up in disgust . marshall goddamnit . he step on some glass . it 's a break frame hold a photograph of Alice and Rose . he pick up the photo and lay it on a table . he think for a beat ... glance around the room , search ... then he cross to the closet , open it and begin rifling through he wardrobe . int . MAIN conference room . caldwell stand on the conference table . the hostage have remove one of the ceiling panel . Air supply duct and bundle of wiring run through the ten-inch space between the ceiling and the shield plate . major caldwell this be a dead end . Rose look around the room . hopeless . her eye land on the carpet ... int . corridor . Marshall open the stateroom door and slowly slide into the corridor . vlad still face the opposite direction . Marshall creep down the hallway , when ... beep ... beep ... beep ... Marshall 's watch alarm go off . Marshall dive for the nearest doorway . vlad swing round to see a figure slip into the senior staff cabin . vlad , unsure of what he saw. , cautiously head toward the staff cabin . as he near , he bend over a dead secret service agent and pull up the lifeless wrist revealing abeen watch . it be not Marshall 's after all . no matter . vlad continue to the staff cabin . int . staff cabin - night Marshall frantically search for something he can use as a weapon . in the room : some video monitor , leather chair and phone . stainless steel cabinet run the length of one of the wall . Marshall throw the cabinet door open , revealing ... a fully stock medical CENTER ... fold - down operate table ... high - intensity light . equipped to deal with any medical emergency the president might encounter . but too late . vlad kick the door open . vlad get on the floor , now ! Marshall yank down the operate table , and it smashes into vlad , knock he down . Marshall lunge with he knife , but vlad open FIRE . a half dozen round pump into Marshall 's belly . he 's throw back against the wall , then slump to the floor . vlad approach the crumpled body . leans down to examine he victim . he cup he hand under the man 's chin and lift he head . recognize he . viad ( wonderment ) the President . but Marshall 's eye flash open . marshall that 's right , asshole . he spring , shove the butcher knife under the flack jacket and into vlad 's spleen . vlad freeze , unsure of what just happen . Marshall be on he foot . never let go of the twist knife , he grab vlad by the back of the head and slam he face against the mirror above the surgical scrub sink . the mirror shatter and stream of blood erupt cn the terrorist 's face . the blood drip down into the white porcelain sink , swirl into the drain . vlad elbow Marshall in the neck , stun he momentarily . he wipe the blood from he face , spin and hit Marshall with a devastating right cross . Marshall reel back against the wall , and vlad follow , shove the mp5 into Marshall 's throat . Marshall grab the gun near the trigger ... * vlad do not move or I will blow you head off . marshall I do not think so . Marshall press the saftey button on the gun with he forefinger , then knee vlad in the ball . viad pull the trigger repeatedly as he go down , but nothing happen . instead he come up swinging he gun butt against Marshall 's face . like a bat hit a baseball , it knock Marshall into the medical closet . the gun go fly , skitter underneath a cabinet . Marshall pull himself up the shelf try to keep he leg from buckle . vlad grab some i.v. tub and wrap it around Marshall 's neck . Marshall struggle for breath , claw at the tube . he spot a defibrillator , reach and switch it on . low - pitch hum and beep . Marshall pull he head forward , strain against the plastic tub . then slam back into vlad 's head . viad release he grip just for a moment ... the beep become a steady whine . ... but a moment be all Marshall need as he grab the def ib 's cardiac paddle , turn , and slam they on either side of vlad 's head . vlad convulse from the shock for a full five second ... he eyeball roll , he hair stand on end . then he collapse to the floor . marshall clear . Marshall catch he breath for a moment . pull open he shirt . beneath it he wear a bulletproof kevlar vest . he lift the vest and a half - dozen angry welt have blossom across he skin . the stuff may be bulletproof , but each of vlad 's shot sting like a motherfucker . ext . corridor . nevsky walk down the corridor . see that vlad be away from he post . nevsky viad ? * int . staff cabin . Marshall open the medical cabinet , rifling through they . pull out hypodermics , adrenalin , rub alcohol ... arming himself . nevsky ( o.s. ) vlad ? vlad ? ext . corridor . nevsky work he way up the corridor , peek in room . as he enter the ... int . staff cabin . he 's blind by the high intensity surgical light . Marshall crack a tank of anesthesia across nevsky 's heu nevsky go down . Marshall rip nevsky 's mp5 off of he . hold it to nevsky 's throat . marshall where be th*y ? fly tamily , the crew .... where be they ? nevsky say nothing . the conference room , right ? right ? Marshall jerk he to he foot . marshall of ' 11 unlocli the door for I or I will kill you . int . corridor - Marshall walk flevsky toward the mj vonteronve room3 as they pass the stair to the upper deck , nevsky break away . nevsky korskunov ! Marshall fire . killing he . shit1 int . corridor . no time for remorse . Marshall try the Main conference room door . lock . he know the other will be come so he flatten himself against the corridor wall . train he gun on the stair . just as the terrorist descend , Marshall squeeze off a few round . the terrorist edge back up the step , return fire . Marshall check he clip , not many bullet leave . he fire off a few more shot to buy some time then duck round the corner and pull out the bottle of rub alcohol and some gauze . the terrorist seize the moment of quiet , descend the stair to take position . Marshall light the gauze fuse of he new make molatov cocktail and throw it down the corridor . the bottle crash into a ball of flame . catch bazylev on fire . he yell , drop and roll . FIRE suppressing foam immediately spray down from overhead . korshunov go after he . serge hop bazylev 's burn body and head down the corridor , look for this new wildcard . korshunov grab a fire extinguisher from the galley and attend to bazylev . int . corridor , toward the rear of AIR force one . Marshall retreat behind a divider . see serge come . fire a few round , then retreat to the next divider . work toward the rear of the plane . serge pick he way through the rear cabin , advance cautiously . int . rear galley / bathroom . Marshall 's out of plane . nowhere to hide in the galley . Marshall eye the bathroom , door flap . following serge ... as he reach the rear galley and bathroom . Marshall be nowhere to be see . but the bathroom door be all close . serge I know you be in there . come on out . ( a few beat ) okay . have it you way . time for a deadly version of the shell game . serge fire several round into the first close bathroom door . the bullet slice easily through the thin door . he kick the riddled door open . the stall be empty . serge move to the next one . same procedure . it 's empty . move to the last bathroom , confident he 's get he . he wail with he mp5 , turn the hatch into swiss cheese . wait a beat , then ... kick it in . it 's empty too . serge look around . where the hell be this guy ? korshunov ( o.s. ) ( call down ) serge ? serge reluctantly return to he group . int . lower galley , baggage level - Marshall tumble out of the cramped galley dumbwaiter , breathe heavy . he slump against the bulkhead and slide down to the ground . he take a moment to pull himself together , to clear he head . he heft the mp5 , refamiliarizing himself with the weight and texture of a gun . he check the clip . only a handfull of round leave . he slap it back in and switch from automatic fire to single - shot then pantomime fire . marshall the nra will love this . look down the barrel of the gun , he notice bin load with luggage . int . office - nigwr stoli petrov on the phone , behind he large oak desk . petrov I understand you dilemma , vice President Chandler . but unless you can confirm that you President be indeed a hostage , I can not release stravanavitch . if Marshall be dead , no good will come of meeting this demand . we both know he would agree . v.p. chandler ( v.0 . phone ) but the first Lady ... petrov *.. be not a first Lady if she husband 's be kill . then she 's a civilian . and I can not release he for a civilian . do you see my point ? int . white house situation room - day each member of the crisis team be either on the phone or huddle with staff . a secure fax machine spit out papers which Lee slip into file . Lee interrupt Chandler on the phone . lee Madame vice president . we have a option paper . chandler take the option paper , wave off Lee , and read it as she talk . v.p. chandler yes . you have make yourself quite clear . petrov ( v.0 . ) but I will deploy force to a staging area near the Turkmenistan border . when you have more information , we can decide how to proceed . v.p. chandler by then I will be President . Chandler hang up the phone . v.p. chandler ( of for option paper ) I do not like any of this . from , do you brief General northwood ? northwood pop out of he huddle . general northwood i'm inclined to try this part - anticipate they landing site and get strike team in place . v.p. chandler can we do that ? general northwood we have get four hour before they make it into turkienistan airspace . I have get a satellite pass overhead in twenty minute . we can narrow down the landing site choice base on runway length and any unusual activity . with luck we will only have to capture three or four site . v.p. chandler but they start execute hostage in forty five minute . - general northwood I hate to be pragmatic , but they ' will sacrifice pawn before king . it may take they some time to kill they way up to senior staff . v.p. chandler okay . also , I want you to put we basis in Turkey on alert , and have the Kitty Hawk prepare a retaliatory air strike . * dean Madame vice - President ... v.p. chandler I have not discount you theory hr. Dean ... dean no ... I get the new number from we gamer . they believe that there 's only a eight percent chance that the President be still alive . v.p. chandler eight percent be better than zero . oh shit ... what be that ? Chandler refer to a monitor in the rear of the room . CNN , the omnipresent player on the world political stage , broadcast video from ramstein Air base . general greely that 's trouble . CNN reporter ( v.0 . t.v. ) *.. the presidential aircraft be enroute from Moscow when it begin its mayday hail . but in a startling turn of event , the seemingly out of control plane abort its landing and take off again . we have not be able to confirm its status or whether or not the first family be onboard at the time . v.p. chandler would someone get the Press Secretary ! aide he 's be hold on line four . ext . sky - night Air Force one , light up by moonlight . int . corridor . the fire be extinguish . Zedeck squat over nevsky 's body . Gibbs and serge maintain a defensive position , gun ready . bazylev emerge from the senior staff Conference room . he shake he head " no " . korshunov nod and furrow he brow . korshunov who do this ? gibb we check the manifest . everyone be account for . korshunov a secret service agent . it must be . wound but alive . serge , bazylev ... find he . serge and bazylev lock and load , head off in separate direction . korshunov the conference room be no longer secure . we will take the first Lady and the girl up top where we can keep a closer eye on they . int . MAIN conference room - the hostage have tear up a section of carpete . caidwell and shepherd examine the floor . smooth sheet of steel rivete together . pointless . major cal dwell we be not get out that way . the door swing open and Gibbs and korshunov enter . they spot the rip up carpete . korshunov admirable , but you be waste you time . ( beat ) Mrs. Marshall , would you and you daughter please come here . they do not move . korshunov raise he gun , point it a shepherd 's head . korshunov now , or he die , please . rose come on , Alice . alice I be scared . doherty step forward . shepherd try to pull he back , to no * avail . doherty you have get the better part of the White House lock in this room , you know . if you want to negotiate , we be the one to do it with . korshunov shoot doherty through the head . scream from some of the hostage . korshunov squeeze off a few shot to quiet everyone . korshunov Mrs. Marshall . Alice . if you please . Rose turn to the other hostage . rose it 's okay . do what you be tell . it 's okay . we will be okay . she lock eye with caldwell . hkeep work . N he nod . int . rear baggage hold - the President hunt through luggage . overturn garment bag and suitcase around he , belonging litter all over the bulkhead . he sift through heaps of clothing and finally recover what he 's be look for ... a cellular phone ... he flip it open , start to dial ... but freeze . marshall goddamnit . he can not remember the number . he dial ... close .on phone - 555-1212 ... information . the phone ring ... int . forward baggage hold . bazylev , move like a commando , slowly and methodically work he way into the lower galley . int . rear baggage hold - Marshall . finally , the phone pick up . voice ( o.s. phone ) information . how can I assist you ? marshall Washington d.c.? voice yes , sir . can I help you ? marshall yes , the number for the White House . int . pilot' rest area - night the rest area consist of a couple of bunk behind the cockpit area , still soile black from the earlier C - 4 explosion . korshunov pour a cup of coffee and offer it to Alice . alice I do not drink coffee . korshunov you must be tired . it will wake you up . alice no , thank you . the gunfire do that . Gibbs wrap Rose 's hand behind she back with duct tape . rose leave my daughter alone . korshunov or you will do what , Mrs. Marshall ? ( beat , he chuckle ) but I admire you courage . you husband , on the other hand ... rose what do you know of my husband ? korshunov I know he leave you behind . rose my husband be a very courageous man . korshunov you husband be a coward . he send soldier half - way around the world to steal a man from he home in the middle of the night . Alice sit up , attentive . alice you be one of stravanavitch 's man . korshunov so , you study world event , little one . that 's good for a girl you age . alice yeah , I study world event . five thousand turkienistan Muslims be slaughter in stravanvitch 's cleansing ... along with 15 american school kid . you know hqw I study that . I go to they funeral with my dad . I meet they parent . korshunov smart for you age , eh ? top of you class ? tell I , do you know what the word " propaganda " mean ? alice yeah . do you know what the word " asshole " mean . rose Alice ! Rose do not know whether to be piss at Alice or proud of she . korshunov smile , nod he head and lift he gun . korshunov yes , I have hear that word . he aim he gun at Alice . korshunov yes , I be a asshole . a long beat , the korshunov lover the gun . korshunov you father be a reasonable man . once he hear we simple demand , I be sure he will acquiesce . for you sake . korshunov smile . Gibbs grab Alice 's hand and pull they behind she back . begins wrapping they with the tape . int . MAIN cabing , rear galley . serge search through the galley cabinet , spot the galley dumbwaiter . now he know where he quarry go . he angrily grab a service cart and shove it into the dumbwaiter , disable it . int . gangway - bazylev hear the beep of a phone dial . he move toward the aft portal of the gangway . int . rear baggage hold - Marshall wait as the phone ring ... int . white house , switchboard room - day a chipper woman in she mid-20 pick up the call . switchboard White House switchboard . how may I direct you call . mt. rear baggage hold - marshall ( hushed urgency ) okay listen , listen carefully . this be a emergency call from Air Force one . who 's there ? be the vice - President there ? int . white house , switchboard room - day switchboard who can I say be call ? marshall ( 0.s. phone ) this be the President . switchboard yeah , right . marshall do not cut I off . this be a emergency . switchboard Sir , the President do not call this particular number . so whoever you be get a life , before I have this call trace . marshall you do not understand . this be a emergency . let I talk to anyone . the switchboard operator think for a moment . maybe she can have some fun with this nutcase . switchboard okay ... if you be the President , when 's you wife 's birthday ? marshall look lady , I do not have time for game . just put the .... switchboard thank you for call the white House ... int . rear baggage hold - marshall no. no. no. wait . wait . bazylev appear behind Marshall . raise he gun . marshall I should know this . int . white house switchboard room - marshall ( v.0 . ) it 's June . gunfire in the background . switchboard Sir ? be you there ? sir? Sir ? her face say n. the switchboard operator pull out a call sheet and find a number . int . rear baggage hold - on the phone , lie open on a heap of clothing . bazylev point the machine gun at Marshall 's head . baz ylev hand away from you weapon . Marshall do not move , he np5 hang at he waist ... he hand inch from it . bazylev come now . you do not want to die . Marshall ... with no option ... slowly move he hand away from the gun . bazylev on you knee ... phone ( o.s. ) hello . be anyone there ? bazylev motion Marshall to get on he knee . Marshall comply . bazyuv what 's that in you shirt ? open it . Marshall pull he shirt aside revealing he kevlar vest . bazylev take it off . now . int . white house situation room - day Chandler on the phone . a aide wave , try to get she attention . v.p. chandler my intention be not to escalate the situation , but it 's a contigency that must be consider . hang on ... ( to aide ) what ? aide the switchboard say that someone call in claim to be the President , then she hear gunfire . caller 's go , but the line 's still active . dean could be some crank watch CNN . aide no sir . trace confirm the call be come from a White House staff cellular account . v.p. chandler put it through down here . ( into phone ) hang on , toni. the call come in on speaker phone , distort muffle voice and the whine of a aircraft in the background . v.p. chandler what 's go on in the background ? can we hear what 's go on ? Dean pick up a phone . dean Max , get I Willis . int . national security agency , listening post - day willis , a grossly overweight man in he late forty surround by a monolith of high - tech , start work he console . willis track ... intercepting call ... get it . ten second , Mr. Dean . audio waveform appear over Willis ' console . he implement digital filter routine , clean up the sound . int . white house situation room - day the group listen intently . the call modulate , distort , dissolves ... then clarifies . bazylev ( v.0 . ) hand ... hand behind you head , Mr. President . v.p. chandler it 's he . he be alive . bazylev I be go to take you weapon now , and then I be go to take you upstair to join the other . understand ? dean Christ , they have he . bazylev and if you make any sudden move , I will not hesitate to shoot . general northwood maybe they do not have he yet . northwood stare up at the tactical board . Air Force one ... surround by the f-l5 . general northwood and maybe we be not so helpless . General northwood pick up a secure phone and dial . general nortpnood General greely , Air Force one have automatic countermeasure , right ? general greely everything we own be in that plane . general nortinood so a single missile launch from a distance should be a mere distraction . general greely theoretically . general northwood ( into phone ) ramutein Tower Control , please . general greely ( get it ) but the effect could be jarring . general northwood exactly . ramstein ? General northwood ... patch I through to you fighter . Madame vice President ... with you permission ? v.p. chandler do it . int . aft storage compartment - Marshall on he knee , hand behind he head . bazylev , he automatic press against Marshall 's forehead , disarm Marshall before step away . he sling Marshall 's mp5 over he own neck . Studies Marshall a beat . baz ylev so you be the President . somehow , I think you would be smaller . Marshall stare straight ahead to silent defiance . bazylev kick he in the gut . Marshall double over , wheeze . bazylev not so powerful now , eh ? no aide to advise you , no secret service to protect you , no army to command . bazylev grab Marshall 's hair and tug he head back . he hold Marshall with he eye . bazylev you will suffer for what you have do . marshall * so will you . bazylev slam Marshall 's face against he knee . Marshall slump forward . bazylev up. get up now ! Marshall slowly rise to he foot . bazylev swing wide around he . bazylev you will walk ahead ... slowly . do you understand ? ( no response ) do you understand ! marshall do you know what 's go to happen to you because of this ? do you know what the world will do ? bazylev nothing . the world will do nothing . that be what they have always do . int . MAIN cabin , forward galley - serge seal off the second dumbwaiter . ext . sky - night 63. the squadron of F - 15 eagle hover around Air Force one . col . carlton ( v.0 . ) you want I to what ? general nortpnood ( v.0 . ) you hear the order . and do not , I repeat , do not take you best shot . col . carlton Roger , sir . okay boy , clear the deck . I have be order to engage Air Force one . ext . sky - night the other airplane flare out give distance to the jumbo jet. canton 's plane drop back . col . carlton assume attack posture . targeting computer be on . int . carlton' cockpit - night on targeting computer - graphic : as it acquire Air Force one . col . carlton target be acquire . I have good tone close on : the flight stick . carlton 's finger over the fire button . he hesitates . col . carlton they be gonna court martial I for this . int . AIR force one , gangway - hand behind he head , Marshall walk in front of bazylev , a mp5 press against he neck . int . f-15 eagle cockpit - night carlton pull the trigger . ext . f- 15 eagle - night a air - to- air missile detatch from under the Eagle . its tail ignites in flame . int . AIR force one cockpit - night Zedeck monitoring the control . situation normal . then all hell break loose as a entire wall of instrumentation light up . warning bell . flash light . zedeck what be this ? the tactical countermeasure computer - Springs to life . High - tech readout , risk analysis , schematics , and assessment . radar track the income , identify it . on screen : " autopilot disengage " the plane bank into a dive , throw Zedeck back against he chair . zedeck Gibbs ! Gibbs ! get in here . on screen : " activate countermeasure " ext . sicy - night with no oneat the control , Air Force one go into a sharp sloping dive . int . gangway , AIR force one - bazylev , throw off balance , try to keep he gun train on Marshall . bazylev do not move ! ext . sky - night the missile follow a wide arc toward the banking plane . int . afo , cockpit - Gibbs slide into the pilot 's seat , attempt to regain control . gibb what the hell 's go on ? zedeck the Americans fire at we . the tactical countermeasure Computer : " Electronic jam have fail target acquire " out the cockpit window , the brightly burn tail of the missile close on they . gibb why would they fire on we ? the tactical countermeasure Computer : " missile close : metallic chaff burst stand by : " the computer count down from eight ... seven ... ext . sky - night the missile scream toward the jumbo jet , a slow easy target . int . cockpit - night zedeck do something . five ... four ... gibb I be not a combat pilot . Three ... two .... zedeck shit ! ext . AIR force one - night small bay door slip open below the aircraft . a cloud of small metallic narticle spray out of the bottom of the aircraft . int . cockpit - on the face of the terrorist , as the missile come right at they . then the missile veer downward . the tactical countermeasure Computer : " missile neutralize " ext . sky - might the missile dive into the swarm of descend chaff and detonate , lighting up the evening sky . Red flame reflect against the silver - grey cloud . int . AIR force one , various shot - night the shock wave hit the aircraft . light flicker and the plane rock side to side . hostage be bounce around the conference room . int . gangway - Marshall and bazylev be slam against the ceiling and then the floor . Marshall seize the moment . grab bazylev 's gun . the two struggle and bazylez instinctively pull the trigger . a burst of richochete gunfire spark across the bulkhead . the turbulence worsen . bazylev manage to wrest away the rifle , but the plane pull into a climb , send bazylev tumble down the gangway into the rear baggage hold . Marshall manage to pull himself up the grate and into the galley . he 's free , for the moment . int . afo , cockpit . Gibbs steady the plane as the shock wave from the explosion * subside . gibb we be okay . korshunov examine the tactical countermeasure Computer . korshunov remarkable aircraft . remarkable . gibb why do they do that ? korshunov psychology . they be try to unnerve we . gibb well it work . korshunov smile and put he hand on Gibbs shoulder . korshunov relax , my friend . apparently they can not harm we . even if they want to . rnt . front galley . 67 . Marshall struggle to assemble the hypodermic and the container of adrenalin . int . rear baggage hold . bazylev pull to he foot , head back down the gangway . int . front galley . Marshall greet bazylev with a spray of hot coffee from the simmer pot as he enter . bazylev cover up , but the spray sear he pretty bad . he yell in pain , turn . Marshall spring , imbed the hypodermic needle into bazylev 's neck . a full dose of adrenalin . bazylev pull the empty needle from he neck . Marshall step back , wait for a reaction . a pregnant pause as they both wait to see what happen . then bazylev smile and slowly turn toward Marshall . Marshall back away as bazylev level he gun . he fire once , hit Marshall in the arm . Marshall wince off the pain . bazylev ( disgust ) the leader of the free world . he back Marshall against a wall and hold he in he sight . but he do not shoot . his breathe become faster and faster as the adrenalin take hold . Building ... building ... he scream and clutches at he throat . his eye spin back and then he heart explode . bazylev be catch freeze , suspend in a moment of disbelief . death reflex . he fire off several round from the gun as he collapse . Marshall wait a beat , half - expect bazylev to rise . he slowly approach the body and retrieve the kp5 . ext . sky - night the f-l ss pull back into formation around the jumbo jet . int . rear baggage hold - Marshall retrieve the phone , then wedge himself behind a waste storage tank , out of view . int . pilot' rest area - Rose and Alice on the bunk . Alice 's eye be water . korshunov examine topographic map in the adjacent m1c.c. and speak into a phone in Russian . alice Mom ? rose yes dear ? alice I be sorry I be so mean to you earlier . Rose smile sadly . rose I know , sweetie . I know . ( beat ) you be be very brave . Alice nod . she 's try . int . MAIN cabin . serge finish he sweep of the upper level . serge ( to Zedeck ) he 's not up here . I be go down below . intercut : int . rear baggage hold / int . white house situation room Marshall rip he sleeve off , swab the blood off he arm . bazylev 's bullet take out a good chunk of flesh when it graze he . marshall do they say anything about my family ? v.p. chandler they be still alive , but the loyalist plan to start kill hostage in forty minute . marshall then tell I there 's a rescue operation underway . Marshall open a travel bottle of vodka and pour it over the wound . he wince from the pain . v.p chandler 69 . I think we be okay , sir . flow that we know you be alive we can force petrov to release stravanavitch . marspari do not tell I you plan to give in to this fucker . general normwood we plan to do whatever it take to keep you alive , sir . v.p. chandler and if that mean negotiate ... marshall you know my policy . we do not negotiate with terrorist . if we start now , all of America become a target . v.p. chandler but this be different , sir . you be the President . * marshall and what happen when stravanavitch be freed and discover he 's get the President ? you think for a second that that crazy bastard be just gonna turn I over ? he will ask for the goddamn moon before he 's do . v.p. chandler please , Mr. President . you be go to get yourself kill . be that you solution ? marshall freeing stravanavitch be gonna get ten of thousand kill . I can not live with that . ( somewhat resign ) I be not royalty . I be a elect official and the integrity of the office of the President be infinitely more important than the man who hold that office . ( beat ) we do not negotitate . not as long as I be President . be that understand ? a long silence , then ... yes sir . chandler marshall flow , be there a rescue operation under way or not ? Lee shake he head at Chandler , signal " do not tell . " lee he 's not on a secure line . marshalj whoever say that , shut up . walter , be you there ? dean I be here , Mr. President . marshall where 's the cavalry ? dean we can not do anything until that plane land . and when it do land , sir , it 's go to be in hostile * territory . to be perfectly honest , we do not know what the hell to do . it 's go to take a miracle to figure this one out . a long beat . we hold on Marshall 's determine face . marshall I will see what I can do . int . galley . serge come across bazylev . check for any sign of life . Stone cold dead . he look around and grip he gun a little tighter as he back out of the room . int . MAIN cabin . serge close the stair access panel to the baggage deck . seal Marshall off . int . mission communications CENTER - night serge come trot up the stair and collect new clip . serge bazylev be dead . korshunov swallow hard ... and the serge trapped on the baggage deck . let I go finish he . korshunov no . he have the advantage down there . bring I a hostage . a woman . int . forward baggage hold . Marshall see that the stairway hatch have be seal . int . lower galley - night Marshall hit the button for the dumbwaiter . the dumbwaiter begin to descend then snag on the service cart . its motor grind to a halt . Marshall slump d qwn . his hope dash . nothing to do now but wait . int . MAIN conference room . serge look over the crowd of hostage like a bouncer at a hip dance club . his eye fall on Maria Mitchell . serge you . come with I . int . lower galley . Marshall , seat on the floor . the cabinet next to he be stack with pack of complimentary cigarettes , all with the seal of the President . marshall what the hell ... he open up a pack and put the cigarette in he mouth . he snag one of the presidential lighter , try to light it several time but it only spark . xc shake it . it 's out of tial . he toss it aside and reach for a book of match , but he freeze in mid-reach . a think occur to he . marshall ( murmure ) out of fuel . int . forward bagage hold - night Marshall , lack a screwdriver , lever open the hatch to the avionic compartment with the barrel of he gun . rut . avionics compartment - night Marshall see the stack of panel , piping , wiring , electronics . marshall come on , where be you ... he search up and down . int . mission communications CENTER - night serge lead Maria Mitchell up the stairway . korshunov nod . korshunov Ms. Mitchell . hello again . Maria be scared , she say nothing . she look over to the first Lady and Alice . rose Maria . korshunov switch on the airplane 's p.a. korshunov * please tell I you name . mitchell ( frighten ) Maria ... Maria Mitchell . korshunov and what be it you do , Ms. Mitchell . Maria Mitchell 's voice echos over throughout Air Force one . int . avionics compartment . Marshall halt he search to listen . mitchell ( v.0 . ) I be responsible for Press Relations for the Flight Office . korshunov ( v.0 . ) how be you fellow hostage feel , Ms. Mitchell ? mitchell scare . we be scared . int . mission communications CENTER - night Rose cradle Alice , both of they look away , as korshunov raise he gun , point it at Mitchell . korshunov and why be you scared ? mitchel * L because ... because I do not want to die . int . MAIN conference room . the hostage , listen . korshunov and what be I do at this very moment . int . avionics compartment - night Marshall listen , helpless to do anything . mitchell you be point a gun at I . int . mission communications CENTER - korshunov very good . thank you , Ms. Mitchell . do you hear she ? she say I be point a gun at she . int . avionics compartment - korshunov now , to the secret service agent in the baggage deck . I be give you ten second to surrender , or this woman will die . Marshall 's eye widen . korshunov one ... oh shit . Marshall try to decide what to do . korshunov two ... he climb out of the avionic compartment and hurry to the front baggage compartment . korshunov Three ... int . MAIN cabin . Zedeck and serge wait by the stairway hatch . korshunov four ... int . MAIN conference room . hostages wait , expectantly . korshunov five ... int . front baggage hold . Marshall freeze near the bottom of the step . to go up would be to betray everything he believe in , and lose any chance to save the other . but if he stay ... korshunov six ... int . mission communications CENTER . tear stream down Maria Mitchell 's face . she 's try so hard to be brave in front of Rose and Alice . korshunov Seven ... int . front baggage hold . for Marshall , this be the hardest decision of he life . his face a mask of anguish as he wrestle with he conscience . korshunov eight ... he start toward the stair . int . mission communications CENTER . korshunov look down the barrel of the gun . korshunov nine ... int . front baggage hold . it take every bit of training and will to stop Marshall from go up that stair . he know what 's go to happen . he close he eye tight as if that will stop it from happen . korshunov ten ... a long silent beat . then ... baaaam ! marshall no ! Marshall sink to to he knee . marshall aw , Jesus . int . MAIN conference room . hostages hold each other tight for comfort . a mournful silence fill the room . int . front baggage hold . Marshall , silhouett in the half light , craddle he head head in he hand . the shaft of light disappear as the main cabin hatch close , sealing he off once again . korsfl3 NOV ( v.0 . ) I will give you a few minute to think about that one and then we will try again . perhaps soon I will choose somebody important . marshall ( to himself ) she be important . int . mission communications CENTER . zedeck and serge drag the dead woman out of the compartment . Alice sob quietly . rose do you have to be so brutal ? korshunov yes rose why ? do you enjoy it ? korshunov I neither enjoy nor dislike . I do what be necessary . rose how can you ? I mean they be people . * 76 . korshunov but they be not ny people . you look at I as if I be a monster , but answer I this -- when you plane bomb the oil field of Iraq , do you cry for that dark skinned man whose name you do not know and who 's face you will never see ? do you cry for they wife and child . they be people too , yes ... but they be not you people . rose that be war . korshunov so be this . ( beat ) come now , you be upsetting the little one . alice the woman you shot . she be my friend . korshunov that 's the way of the world , little one . do not they teach you that in school ? int . forward baggage hold . Marshall cross back to the avionic compartment , talk on the phone . voice ( through static ) Chief mechanic , 87th air. how can I help you ? marshall you can talk I through a emergency fuel dump . int . MAIN conference room . major caldwell led off to slaughter one at a time . next time I say we rush `em . they can not shoot we all . shepherd they can shoot enough of we . * 77 . major caldwell if we do not act , they will kill US all eventually who 's with I ? several of the hostage raise they hand . int . afo' maintenance hanger / andrews AIR force base - day the Chief mechanic have Air Force one schematics open in front of he . he and he staff be huddle around they . chief mechanic do you see the maintenance panel ? marshall get it . chief mechanic pop it open . there should be a red switch , toggle it up . marshall okay , it 's on . we have get some indicator light here . chief mechanic okay , you be aerate . to dump the fuel you have to close the circuit for the pump . there 's no switch in avionic so you will have to cross the wire . there should be five wire , just to you leave . do you see they ? int . avionics compartment - night Marshall find the wire : red , white , blue , green and yellow . marshall get `en . static blanket the conversation . chief mechanic okay , hang on . let I double check here , because if you get the wrong one , you will cut the engine feed and stall the plane . marshall I will wait . the static worsen . chief mechanic first ... cut ... green wire . Marshall , use a kitchen knife , slice the green wire . heavy static . the phone beep ... lose battery . marshall it 's cut . chief mechanic cross it ... the static overwhelm the voice , then cut out . marshalr ' hello ? hello ? goddamnit . static come roaring back and garble voice ... marshalj hello ? be you there ? Dead . Marshall try to activate it again . marshaiji hello ? hello ? nothing . he toss the dead phone aside . Marshall stare . Cross the green wire with the ... what ? Red , white , blue ... or the yellow . his choice be obvious . he cut the yellow wire and cross it with the green , leave the red , white and blue stand . he wait . the engine continue to groan . he allow himself a smile . marshall a emergency landing in friendly territory ... there 's you goddamn miracle . ext . AIR force one - night beneath the plane a trickle of gasoline appear and grow into a strong steady stream . int . flight deck - night a red warning light flash on the plane 's panel . gibb goddamnit it . we be lose fuel . korshunov cross to the flight deck . korshunov how ? gibb avionic compartment ! it 's the only place . you better get Zedeck down there fast unless , of course , you would rather be a martyr than a savior . korshunov ( to Zedeck ) go! take serge .. and watch you back . Zedeck nod and dash out of the cabin . int . MAIN cabin . Zedeck pull open the hatch cover to the forward front stair . descend into the dimly light underneath . serge descend right behind Zedeck . int . forward baggage compartment - night Zedeck , spook by the dark shadow , sense he 's be watch . zedeck he 's down here . I can feel it . serge shut up and do you job . Zedeck hasten toward the avionic compartment , gun at the ready . serge sweep the area behind . they hear a metallic clank echo and reverberate around he . they both check leave ... right ... behind they ... nothing . it 's creepy be a walk target . from behind a water storage tank , Marshall watch down the barrel of he mp5 . with all the equipment in the way , it 's almost impossible to line up a clear shot . and they be both well armed . he look toward the stairway instead . Zedeck enter the avionic compartment . serge take a defensive position outside the door . zedeck ( o.s. ) the valve be shut . this guy sure know what he be do . serge hear a noise and open tire . 80 . zedeck you see he ? serge erring on the side of caution . int . avionics compartment - Zedeck open a panel and rip out some wiring . zedeck I be go to deactivate the by-pass pump . it will take a minute . int . flight deck . Gibbs check the fuel gauge . they stop fall . gibb we have stop dump ... but we have only get about twenty minute of fuel leave . korshunov we be not go to make it . gibb not even close . Hell , we can not even make Syria or Iraq . korshunov where be we now ? gibb over the Black Sea . I can probably get we to Turkey or Georgia . korshunov no ! if we land this plane anywhere else , we will end up another entebe . ( beat ) the Americans build a super plane that fly through mushroom cloud , evade missile and ... ( hold up Maria Mitchell 's press kit ) refuel in mid-air . call the White House . int . white house situation room - tactical map : Air Force one over the Black Sea head south west toward Turkmenistan . a aide hold up a phone . aide it 's he again . int . mission communication CENTER - korshunov on the phone . korshunov gentlemen , forgive I for diverting you from you little wargame , but I have just add another demand to my very short list . I assure you it 's quite reasonable . int . white house situation room - korshunov ( v.0 . phone ) we need fuel , gentleman . and we need it right now . Lee whisper to the vice President . lee finally , we can bargain . v.p. chandler I be sure we can strike some sort of arrangement . land the plane and we will trade you hostage for fuel . korshunov no . the plane land when I say , or it will crash . the hostage be release when I say , or they will die . int . mission communications CENTER . korshunov tell I what I want to hear or I will execute a member of the senior staff , and will continue kill one hostage every minute until we crash or until a refueling plane arrive . murmuring and hushed discussion float over the airwave . a long silence . korshunov look toward Alice . korshunov shall I begin by execute the President 's daughter ? she 's right here . rose no . korshunov say something dear . alice fuck off , you stupid asshole . korshunov it would be a pity to squander such a strong personality . another several beat of hushed murmure . korshunov well ? what do you say ? v.p. chandler ( v.0 . phone ) fuel 's on its way . int . MAIN cabin . serge and Zedeck lower the hatch to the baggage compartment and seal it . they head up the stair to the m.c.c . int . m.c.c . - night korshunov pace , weigh he pistol in he hand . korshunov we train for month . everything should have go like clockwork . zedeck we have the hostage , we be get more fuel . korshunov he 's already kill three of we , and we have not even see he . he 's also show that he can hurt we . I need to think . ( look at serge ) what the hell be you do up here ? get back to the conference room . int . MAIN cabin serge take he position by the conference room . across from he , against the cabin divider , Marshall peer down the sight of he gun . serge freeze . marshall do not make the same mistake you friend do earlier ... show I you hand . serge raise he hand . Marshall reach over and pull out the clip to he mp5 . marshall open the door . int . conference room - night caldwell , shepherd and a few other aide hear the key turn in the lock . they quickly take position around the door . as Marshall march serge in , they be both tackle and smother by the group . they wrest the gun away and shut the door quickly behind they . Marshall struggle against he people . marshall it 's I goddamnit . let I go . surprise to hear they boss ' voice , the aide and advisor release Marshall . shepherd Mr. President , how the hell do you get on board ? marshall I never leave . where 's my wife and daughter ? major caldwell they take `em out . they be probably on the upper deck . shepherd Mr. President , Major caldwell here have a plan to get this hostage of for the plane . marshall I dumped most of the fuel . they will land soon and Delta will take its shot . serge a refueling plane be already on it 's way so we will not be landing until we reach Turkmenistan . you best course of action be to release I . I will be merciful . major caldwell 84 . Sir , maybe we can use this . turn it to we advantage . marshall Mr. caidwell , the ground 's a few mile away . how do you propose get we from here to there ? major caldwell gravity . int . white house situation room - Satellite picture of various landing strip project on wall - size monitor . dean of the three dozen airport in Turkmenistan , only five have sufficient runway for a 747 . of that five , only this three have show any activity . General northvood point with a laser pointer . general nortpnood but this one here , see this . it 's a satellite dish and it be not there two week ago . Basic communication uplink , which suggest extensive communicatin ability . I would say this be the one . v.p. chandler be you confident you can take the facility ? general nortiwood it 's night there for a few more hour . that 's a real plus . but I will not lie . as far as special op go , this one 's a bear , but I think we squeeze it out . v.p. chandler let 's get it go . aide the Press Secretary 's about to go on . int . MAIN conference room - night major caldwell if we can get to a lower altitude , we can use parachute , but at this altitude , we will pass out from oxygen deprivation . marshall we have already play we card , Major . there 's no turn back . major caldwell we can not jump from here or at this speed . but if we could get a message out - tell the refueling plane ... marshall they have cut communication , and I spend a good bit of time look for alternative . my only solution run out of battery . a nearby secretary in she late 20' pipe up . secretary the fax machine . marshall Excuse I ? secretary the fax machine . marshall ( dismissive ) no good . I say they disabled the communication system . secretary no . I think about this , Mr. President . Voice line and fax be on two completely different system of encryption . it would be easy to overlook the data system . what do they have to lose ? marshall ( to caldwell ) get `em ready . ( to secretary ) you ... come with I . major caldwell eighteen thousand foot , sir . and two hundred knot ... otherwise it 's suicide . marshall get it . int . corridor . caidwell , hold serge 's gun , take position by the front stairway and wave the other hostage on . they emerge from the conference room , and move to the stairway . Marshall and the secretary rush the opposite direction toward the equipment room . int . white house PRESS room - day amid shouting question , the PRESS secretary alight to the podium . PRESS secretary please . quiet please ... first let I ... please ... I have a prepare statement ... the White House confirm that the President 's aircraft , Air Force one , have be hijacked and be currently control by foreign national . murmur , shout , and more question . reporter be the President onboard ? / what about the first family ? / what be they demand ? PRESS secretary please ... please ... for security reason I can not comment on any specifics except to say that the vice - President be do everything within she power to resolve the situation . pull back t.v. monitor on broadcasting CNN . we be in the ... int . mission communications CENTER - night korshunov turn toward the monitor . furrow he brow . korshunov and you be almost out of time . where be the President ? int . equipment room . Marshall and the Secretary step over Perkins ' body on the way to the fax machine . secretary here sir . Marshall grab a piece of paper and a pen . scribbles a note . secretary where be we send it ? marshall White House situation room . he sign the paper and hand it toher . she slide it into the machine , check the list number and dial . marshall someone should give you a raise . secretary actually , sir , you could be that someone . they wait ... will it work ? a few beat , a few beat more . the machine pull the paper in and begin scan . marshall it 's yours . int . white house situation room . Marshall 's note spit out of one of the fax machine . but in the bevy of activity , will it be notice ? int . underdeck , rear lower galley - night caldwell spin open the rear emergency pressure door and lead the hostage into ... int . tailcone parachute launch platform - a cargo hold extend up the taper edge of the aircraft 's rear . the hostage begin pull parachute pack out of the overhead storage bin . helping each other . int . mission communications system . korshunov listen to Zedeck yell into the phone in Russian . zedeck still no movement on stravanavitch . korshunov eye Alice and Rose . rose nor will there be . my husband do not negotiate with terrorist . korshunov you will be the first to pay for that mistake . int . emergency parachute launch ramp . caidwell assist everyone in strapping on they pack . he address one group , mostly woman and senior staff , who belt into the larger chute . major caldwell this chute be design for a safe slow descent . they will deploy off the line automatically as you step from the plane . ( turn to another group , mostly young I n ) you guy will have to pull you own rip cord . wait until you be clear from the plane , but not any longer . ( he check pack and strap ) once I check you , go stand behind the yellow line . you be good . you be good . you be good . two neat line ready to jump . one line on the deployment wire , and the other set for freefall . Marshall and the secretary arrive . major caldwell Mr. president ? pwtshall the fax go through . we can only wait . major cawwell you chute . marshall I will not go without my family . major caldwell yes , sir . caidwell cross to prep the Launch ramp control . int . cockpit . the gas gauge read very close to empty . korshunov stands behind Gibbs , while Zedeck keep a eye on the first Lady . gibb where 's that goddamn plane ? tnt . emergency parachute launch ramp . everybody wait . caidwell watch the indicator . 30,000 foot . ext . sky - night a kc - 135 , the usaf fly gas station , descend in front of Air Force one . kc-135 pilot Air Force one , this be af -135-ra . we have be instruct to refuel you plane . tnt . AIR force one flight deck - night gibb about goddamn time . kc-135 pilot please change course to Zero Seven four and drop to eighteen thousand foot . over . gibb Air Force one , acknowledge . tnt . emergency parachute launch ramp . the altimeter begin to fall . a wave of relief wash over the group . ext . sky - night the kc - 135 extend its fly gas pump . kc-135 pilot Air Force one , please reduce speed to 250 knot . gibb ( v.0 . radio ) Roger . tnt . afo flight deck . 90 . okay 1 now kc-135 pilot ( v.0. Radio ) vent you fueling system . it 's the yellow lever on the upper control panel . and next to that there 's a toggle switch to open you intake . get it ? gibb Roger kc-135 pilot ( v.0. Radio ) Air Force one , do you see the fueling arm ? through the cockpit window , the long metallic appendage dangle ahead of the plane . gibb that 's affirmative . kc-135 pilot ga get it . ext . sky - night as Air Force one edge its nose up to the appendage . the appendage find it 's grove and slide right in . tnt . tailcone parachute launch platfoiw - major calowell that 's it , eighteen thousand foot . we be ready . marshall what about they ? Marshall indicate the four man without parachute on . two AIR force crew member , Major caldwell and shepherd . major caldwell Sir , we stay with the President . marshall that be not necessary . none of they change he mind . marshall thank you . a silent beat . a few force smile in this very tense room . * 91 . major caldwell relax everybody . I use to do this for a living9 caidwell pull a switch on the wall . major caldwell depressurize compartment . this ` 11 take a moment . the President cross to one of he aide . marshall hey , by the way ... who win the Duke game ? aide find out for yourself , sir . I will have it wait at the White House . Marshall smile . ext . sky - night the kc - 135 fly above Air Force one , connect by a gasoline umbilical cord . int . emergency ramp platform . caldwell break safety glass . reaches into a compartment and pull a lever . major caldwell here we go . a mechanical he and clank give way to a rush of wind as the tail section of Air Force one hinge open on hydraulic strut , extend like a plank behind the plane . we can see the sky with its angry cloud . rushing by at two hundred knot . int . flight deck . a loud buzz korshunov what 's that ? a warning light flash on the control panel . tactical video display show the emergency parachute ramp activate . int . MAIN cabin . Zedeck run toward the conference room . he burst through the door . int . conference room - empty . int . front hold / lower galley - track : Zedeck sprint to the rear of the plane . ext . AIR force one - the tail cone section of Air Force one hinge open and parachute begin to blossum from the rear of the plane . int . f-15 eagle - from several mile back carlton watch the chute emerge . col . carlton here they come . int . white house situation room . Radio traffic echos through the room . col . cmlton ( v.0 . ) we get ... okay ... so far ten chute deploy of for the line . drop signal flare for search and rescue . int . itear baggage hold - Zedeck reach the emergency pressure door . through the porthole he see the hostage get away . he try the door hatch . lock . Zedeck look around . cross to the lower rear galley . he kick open the panel on the stove . rip out the propane tank . he run back and wedge the tank into the door lock . he back off 50 foot , turn and open fire on the tank . the tank explode , blow the door out . emergency parachute launch platform the pressure door blow open and a explosion of pressurize air blast through the platform . the remain parachutist be blow out the rear . chute deploy . Marshall and serge be knock down the ramp , tumble toward oblivion . just as Marshall 's about to slide off the corner of the ramp he grab its hydraulic strut . plummete death . his grip be all that separate he dangle body from a long serge tumble by Marshall , limb flail , and with a scream woven from a thousand nightma5 , he lose he grip and slide off the ramp into the jetblack sky , fall endlessly . shepherd and caldwell manage to hang to safety webbing as the wind whip around they . the two other air force crew member without chute also manage to hang on . as the plane depressurize , it buck like a wild bronco . Marshall look down into the sky . below he dangle leg , parachute blossoij . he 's strain ... he can not hold on forever . int . cockpit - Gibbs fight the wheel . oxygen mask spring out from a overhead compartment as air be suck out of the cockpit ... the plane shudder and jump badly .... kc-135 pilot ( v.0 . radio ) Air Force one , back off . I repeat , back off . Gibbs wrestle with the yoke , to no avail . gibb she 's buck . I can not hold she ! kc-135 pilot ( v.0 . radio ) what be you do ? back off ! back off ! ext . sky - Air Force one jerk upward , snap off the fueling arm of the kc - 135 . kc-135 pilot look out ! the break edge of the fueling arm scrape along the top of Air Force one ... metal against metal ... tear a gash in the plane ... spark fly . one of the SPARKS ignites the river of gasoline be pump from the refueling craft 's belly . int . AIR force one , cockpit - Gibbs see the fueling arm catch fire . it do not take a rocket scientist to figure what 's come . the flame creep up toward the gas tank . gibb Holy shiti Gibbs push the stick down and Air Force one begin to dive to safety . ext . sky - Air Force one descend . whipping fire trail the kc - 135 . slowly roll it way into the plane 's main tank . a burn fuse . barrrooooooom ! a firecloud erupt across the sky . Sky like daylight . from this incredible firecloud , the burn out skeleton of a airplane emerge , fall toward earth . the F - 15 escort zoom toward the unexpected fireball . col . carlton everybody break . now ! now ! now ! carlton 's plane go into emergency climb , stand on they afterburner to escape the inferno . int . emergency parachute launch ramp - Marshall hang on to the strut for dear life as the pressurize air swooshes by he , take with it everything that be not nail down include some of the spare parachute . Fire rain down from the heaven , the sky like one giant napalm nightmare . the shock wave hit the plane , slamm it violently . almost yanking the hyraulic arm from Marshall 's grasp . the military aide without parachute lose they foot and tumble off the platform . scream as they fall into fire . ext . sky - the burn kc - 135 shell , a apocalyptic Flying dutchman in a vengeful kamikazee dive at Air Force one . it 's gonna be close . the flame shell pass only a few hundred yard to the rear of the 747 . ext . parachute launch ramp - Marshall 's get a great view . flame dance in he eye as he watch the refueling plane descend . the brightness subside , and the sky grow dark again . the wave of pressurize air subside leave Zedeck , Marshall , shepherd and caldwell on the ramp . caldwell begin edging toward Marshall . zedeck do not move . major caldwell let I save he . Marshall barely hang on . zedeck that man , he be the president , no ? shepherd yes . yes he be . Zedeck motion to caidwell with he gun . " go get he . " caldwell crawl down the ramp and extend he hand to Marshall . the pressure door slamming shut - zedeck lead Marshall , shepherd and caldwell away . iprr . afo' flight deck - Gibbs steady the plane . korshunov fuel ? Gibbs check the guage . gibb more than enough to get we home . ext . white house - evening the sun begin to set along the potomac in long streak of red and pink . the White House light flicker on uminate the long staunch column , the pillar of democracy . rnt . white house situation room - evening tire . strung out . bicker within the small workgroups . Chandler cross to General northwood , who have just hang up the phone . v.p. chandler they still have the President , it 's past they deadline and they have not call . what do you think it mean ? general northwood like any good poker player , they be check over they hand see which card to play and which to discard . int . afo , mission communication CENTER - night Zedeck lead the three hostage into the m.c.c . Rose and Marshall - they eye meet . enormous relief for the both of they . Marshall smile at he wife , as she fight back she tear . alice ( to korshunov ) he do not leave we . korshunov you be a resilient man , Mr. President . Zedeck grab caldwell 's hand and tape they behind he back with duct tape . Rose and Alice already have they hand tape . korshunqv you must forgive the tape , but we be start to feel outnumber ... Gibbs ! int . flight deck - Gibbs put the plane on automatic pilot . rise to join the group . int . mission communications CENTER - korshunov separate Marshall from he family . wave he into the com Officer 's chair . his hand be now wrap too . Gibbs enter look down . marshall special agent Gibbs . you help do this ? gibb yes , Mr. President . marshall why ? gibb because it be my duty . marshall you be duty to what ? the country you serve do not exist anymore . gibb my loyalty be never to my country . I serve my commanding officer . korshunov you do not think the leader of the kgb would allow peristroika to ruin year of infiltration ? no , when the Soviet Union collapse , we take we sleeper with we . korshunov hold up a telephone . korshunov now since we have have very little luck get Washington or Moscow to cooperate , I wonder if you would be so kind . marshall over my dead body . korshunov no . but since I only have a few of you staff leave to kill , perhaps I will start with you family instead ... Gibbs . Gibbs grab Alice and shove she into a chair . she fight he off , and he smack she across the face and shove he gun into she neck . Marshall and Rose struggle against they bond . korshunov the world be such a dangerous place and we can not always protect we child . rose please . you can kill I but leave my daughter alone . korshunov run he finger down Alice 's cheek . marshall she be not a part of this . this be between you and I . korshunov call up petrov and order stravanavitch ' S release . Marshall look to Alice , then Rose , then back to Alice . marshall this administration do not negotiate with terrorist . korshunov pity . Mr. Gibbs . Gibbs withdraw he pistol . place it against Alice 's temple . korshunov perhaps a President do not negotiate , but do a father ? ( beat ) a interesting choice . you daughter versus you world vision . the implicit trust of a family against you oath of office . tear of fear be stream down Alice 's face . she look into she father 's eye . alice daddy ... marshall Alice ... I ... korshunov and once the trigger be pull , she be go forever . then , I wonder , how do you live , know you could have save she ? Marshall struggle with he duty . his honor . korshunov and could you ever forget the look on she face as she cease to exist ... late at night , when you think about she , will stravanavitch really matter anymore ? Marshall try to look away , but Zedeck force he to watch . alice daddy . daddy , please ... rose Jim ... for godsake ! korshunov look inside you heart . no one will think you weak . five ... Alice 's face , try to be brave . korshunov four ... rose Jim ... korshunov Three ... Rose look away . korshunov two . . Alice look at she father for the very last time . then shut she eye tight . korshunov one ... Gibbs begin to squeeze the trigger . marshall no ! korshunov smile . marshall stop . korshunov you will do it ? marshall yes , I will do it . ( break ) just leave my family alone . korshunov good. good . Gibbs withdraw the gun from Alice 's temple . Alice open she eye and gasp for breath . korshunov bring he the phone ... you be true to you nature , Mr. President . marshall someday , you will regret my nature . korshunov you do not like see people get hurt . now in morality , that be a virtue . in politics , however , that be weakness . ( beat ) you be a hostage to everyone else * long before you be a hostage to int . bedroom - night a sleepless petrov pace back and forth , smoking a cigarette . the phone ring . he look up expectantly as he aide answer . aide Sir , the President of the United States wish to speak with you . petrov stop in mid-pace . consider he cigarette for a moment and then walk over to the phone . petrov Mr. President . int . prison cell - night a guard walk down the cold steel hallway . he rattles the bar of a darken cage , he pull out a set of key and unlock the door . guard stravanavitch . stravanavitch awake , and lean forward into the light . he and the guard trade look . after a beat , the guard turn and retreat down the the hallway . stravanavitch rise from he bunk and approach the cell door . he lean against it and it swing open . int . m.c.c . - night Rose stare at Marshall . her look be hard to read . distant ... cold , perhaps . rose can my husband sit next to I ? korshunov consider the pair . hand tape behind they back . they be harmless . korshunov nod . Marshall rise and join she on the pilot 's rest bunk . rose I do not know why you stay . marshall please ... do not start with I . Rose move closer to he , and speak in a low voice . rose there 's something I need to tell you ... and God know if I will ever get another chance . from behind , we see she push he tape hand away . he look at she quizically . rose no matter what happen , you have be and always will be my hero . he feel the wall behind he . a dull edge of metal twisted slightly from the earlier cockpit door explosion . he understand . marshall and you have always be my guardian angel . she smile back at he . rose I will never regret my life with you . behind Marshall 's back , he begin to cut away at the duct tape . int . moscow central prison , hallway - night Ivan stravanavitch walk down the long prison hallway . other prisoner see he and begin bang on they bar in rhythm . as he parade down the corridor , the bang grow until it become deafen . stravanavitch smile a cocky smile . one by one , guard door swing open in front of he . in fact , a few of the hack salute stravanavitch as he pass . int . mission communication CENTER - AIR force one the communication board beep and Zedeck pick up the line . he exchange some word with the caller in Russian , then hang up the phone . serge it 's confirm . stravanavitch be on he way out . we man be wait outside . korshunov smile and put he hand on Zedeck 's shoulder . rose you get what you want . you go to release we now ? korshunov you be very valuable . and we nation need so many thing . Marshall lean he head against the wall . just as he expect . marshall could I ... could I have some water ? korshunov nod , motion Zedeck to take care of it . Zedeck reluctanty descend to the main cabin . korshunov the taste of defeat be bitter , no ? marshall one thing I have learn as President ... all defeat be temporary and all victory be temporary . today ' 5 conquerer be tomorrow 's vanquish . korshunov e very poetic . Zedeck arrive with a glass of water . marshall and there 's one thing I have learn from be a sport fan . Zedeck bring the cup of water to Marshall 's lip . Marshall tip he head back to receive it . korshunov and that be ? Water spill over Marshall 's face . he shake it off . marshall it be not over , till it 's over . with blind speed , Marshall leap to he foot and swing he arm around Zedeck 's throat . he snap Zedeck 's neck with quiet efficency . Gibbs fire at Marshall , but Marshall , use Zedeck as a shield , grab hold of the terrorist 's mp5 and let loose ... mow down the former secret service agent . the rest of gibb 's shot pelt against the cockpit control send shower of spark fly . korshunov whip out he gun and line up a clean shot at Marshall 's head . major caldwell Mr. President . korshunov fire at Marshall , but ... Major caidwell dive in front of the bullet spray take the round in he chest . Marshall turn he aim to korshunov ... but korshunov grab Alice and press he pistol to she head . stand-off . korshunov do not be hasty . Marshall hold korshunov in he sight . slowly advance . korshunov you love you daughter , Mr. President . and I love my country . it 's a fair trade . korshunov back away to the step . Marshall do not lower he gun . korshunov disappear down the staircase . marshall shepherd . shepherd Sir ... shepherd stand . Marshall unwrap shepherd 's hand . marshall call petrov ... ( to Rose ) I will be back . rose both of you . Marshall slowly descend the step to the main cabin . as soon as shepherd get she hand loose , Rose rush to caidwell 's aid . shepherd cross to the communication panel and pick up a headset . begins dial number int . bedroom - night in he nightdress , stoli petrov nurse a vodka on ice . his phone ring . petrov petrov . petrov 's eye widen . ext . moscow prison exercise yard - night a wall of bar part and stravanavitch walk through . into the main exercise yard . the main gate separate he from ... a group of man wait in the street by a limousine . the main gate open slowly . when the man see stravanavitch they come to attention and salute he . stravanavitch return the salute . and then start he march toward he limousine ... a siren wail . light flood the inside and outside of the prison . the front gate begin to close . worry cross stravanavitch 's face . his man rush toward he , take position by the gate . stravanavitch break into a run toward he limousine . guard halt ! halt ! stravanvitch look behind he . Guards rush toward he from the yard ... the limousine fifty yard ahead of he ... close fast ... on the limo ... the back door open and wait . a shot ring out from the guard tower , follow by another , and another . like popcorn start to pop . stravanavitch 's man return fire . a minor war break out . loyal guard battle stravanavitch sympathizer . stravanavitch catch in the middle , hit by one bullet , then another , then another . he makesit to the open rear door of the limousine , but collapse dead . everyone stop fire . stravanavitch 's man rush to he side .. int . bedroom - night petrov slip under the cover as a aide knock on he door . petrov what be it ? aide it 's about stravanvaitch . petrov what about he ? aide he 's dead , sir . shot while try to escape . a beat . petrov so be it . the world will sleep easier . petrov turn out he bedside light . int . AIR force one , MAIN cabin - night Marshall ascend down from the upper deck . spot korshunov by the front stairway . korshunov push Alice down the stair to the underdeck . int . cockpit - night autopilot engage . a shower of spark erupt from one of the bullethole in the panel . directional compass ... the course head drift off to the south . ext . sky - night the squadron of F - 15 still surround Air Force one , which slowly bank to one side . int . f-15 cockpit - night col . carlton they have change they bear . ( into headset ) Air Force one . Air Force one . over ... Air Force one please respond ... fighter pilot # 1 Sir , this new bear . we be head for Iraq , sir . int . pilot' rest area . unaware of the course drift , shepherd and Rose lift caldwell onto a bunk . rose easy , Major . easy . major caldwell the President ? rose you save he life . caidwell smile , settles peacefully back in the cot . he die . Rose reach up and shut he eye . int . lower galley - night Marshall make he way through the dimness . stepping cautiously . a shot ring out and richochet off a piece of piping right over Marshall 's head . undaunted Marshall advance . marshall it 's over , korshunov . you win . now let she go . he listen , footstep ahead of he . on korshunov - hold Alice by she hair , practically drag she over the mid-section wing cross-brace . as Marshall appear in the gangway he fire off another shot , hit a cool vent . steam fill the ' gangway area , bath in red auxiliary lighting . korshunov retreat toward the rear of the plane . marshall ( o.s. ) there 's nowhere to go . int . control tower - night super - " hussein AIR base , northern iraq " a cacophony of Arabic . the radar indicate a apparent invasion force head for its border . ext . AIR field - night iraqi pilot rush to they mig . int . white house situation room - all eye on the tactical display ... Air Force one 's course have arce south and the plane be head straight for Iraq . general northwood they be not answer they hail . dean this do not make sense . v.p. chandler how close be they ? general northiqood Fifteen mile , so two minute . lee the iraqi ambassador will not take we call . we be try to get through to they Central Command . dean to tell they what ? the great infidel himself be fly overhead , go get he ? this be a man they burn in effigy daily . v.p. chandler if challenge , we fighter be to state that they be on a rescue mission . general northwood iraqi 's will not buy it . either they be already in on this or they will think we be spying . v.p. chandler if fire upon , tell we fighter that they be order to engage . int . rear baggage hold - night Marshall check behind the rack of store goods and luggage . p.o.v. looking down a gunsight as marshall walk into the open . a finger on the trigger . alice dad , look out . korshunov fire and Marshall dive out of the way . he cone up in defensive crouch ready to shoot , but all he can see be Alice . marshall how you do , sweetie ? alice be better , dad ... you ? Marshall smile briefly . but Alice be yank around the corner . Marshall hear foatstep . he junp to he foot and cautiously follow . int . white house situation room - evening on the tactical display as a second group of fighter appear . ready to challenge the F -l5' . ext . sky - night Air Force one and the cluster of F - 15 's zoom by . col . carlton Air Force one ... please respond . Air Force one , you be enter hostile air space . Air Force one ... all carlton receive be static . int . afo' cockpit . nobody at the wheel . the automatic pilot be still engage . int . f-15 eagle cockpit . con. carlton okay , guy , time to earn you paycheck . stay in protective formation , and do not engage , I repeat , do not engage ... unless you be fire upon . all wing acknowledge . fighter pilot # 1 halo one , acknowledge . fighter pilot # 2 halo two , acknowledge . the rest of the pilot chime in . int . AIR force one , lower aft galley - night Marshall swing into the cubicle ... empty . he cross to the cargo bay / parachute launch ramp hatchway . look through the porthole . korshunov strap on one of the few remain parachute . he toss the rest of the spare out onto the platform . Marshall step onto the platform . korshunov fire off a round force he behind the door for cover . korshunov pull Alice in front of he and yank down the ramp activation lever . korshunov stay where you be . the ramp lower , and Alice get she first look at the drop . Marshall watch the remain parachute slide off the ramp and into the stormy sky . korshunov there go you ride . marshall let my daughter go or I will take you out ! korshunov if you put down the gun , I promise not to drop she on the way down . korshunov back toward the edge of the ramp , pull a struggle and fight Alice . marshall let she go now ! or I will kill you . korshunov be a foot away from the edge of the ramp ... two step back , he and Alice will take the plunge . Marshall line up he shot . korshunov laugh as he press he pistol to Alice 's ear . korshunov no you will not . you will compromise ... like always . marshall hold on , Alice . Marshall fire , he bullet rip apart a good deal of korshunov 's face and snap he body back . korshunov tumble off the platform , but he limb be catch . in Alice 's . she 's knock to she belly and he dead weight drag she off the edge of the platform . alice no ! Marshall dive down the sloping platform , reach out for she ... Alice try to grip the platform with she hand , but she can not hold on . her hand slip off the metallic lip . but as she fall , she 's catch by the wrist . strong arm pull she up . her father 's arm . he carry she back to the safety of the plane . she 's sob uncontrollably . alice oh NY god ... oh my god ... oh my god ... marshall it 's okay , honey . I get you . I get you . you be okay . shepherd and Rose appear . Marshall lock eye with Rose ... smile . shepherd cross to the parachute bin . marshall go . they be all go . the plane shake with the thunder of a supersonic boom . ext . sky - night a half dozen mig race by the cluster of american aircraft at breakneck speed . int . iraqi control tower - night general cerallos eye the radar . iraqi soldier the Americans say they be escort a damage plane . we pilot confirm they be surround a 747 . cerallos do we warn they off ? iraqi soldier yes . they refuse to alter course and the 747 would not answer we hail . cerallos take a moment , look at the screen . cerallos it 's some kind of trick ... a preliminary airstrike in response to we troop movement . iraqi soldier they be in we airspace . we would be within we rights . cerallos the world would not look on we kindly if we shot down a civilian airliner . the soldier listen to chatter cone over he headset . iraqi soldier the pilot say it be do not have the marking of a commercial jet . cerallos warn then again . if they do not respond ... shoot they down . we will not be intimidate . ext . AIR force one - night int . mission communication CENTER - night another sonic boom . marshall what be that sound ? Marshall make he way to the cockpit . through the cockpit window , a mig accelerate out of the darkness come straight at we . at the last second it pull up slightly , riding over the top of the 747 . its sonic boom rock the jumbo jet . marshall my god . I think that be a mig . shepherd a mig ? where the hell be we ? Marshall rush back to one of the rear upper deck window . he look out at the f-l5 . marshall they be fly a protection formation . ( beat ) call d.c . find out what 's go on . int . cockpit , F - 15 eagle - night mis pilot ( v.0 . ) this be you last warning . you be violate we airspace . leave immediately . col . carlton I say back off and hold you fire . we be on a rescue mission . do not engage . I repeat , do not engage . ext . sky - night a mig loop into position behind carlton . int . mig cockpit - night switch he target computer on . find carlton in he sight . good tone . the pilot pull the trigger . ext . sky - night the missile detach from the mig and slide toward carlton . carlton break formation , lead the missile astray . his plane tuck into a tight little roll . the missile miss over carlton 's roll wing . col . carlton halo team , this be group leader . halo team be clear to engage . I repeat , you be clear to engage . carlton pull he plane into a monster climb . col . carlton this be the real thing boy . let 's fly and fry . int . white house situation room - night a ringing phone be answer by a aide . a few beat . aide it 's the Chief of staff call ... from Air Force one . they have retaken control of the aircraft . general northwood then tell he to get the fuck out of Iraq . int . cockpit - night Marshall settles into the pilot 's chair . shepherd come in . shepherd Iraq , sir . we be over Iraq . marshall Iraq ? Shep , you be fire . Marshall look at the plane 's bear . the instrument be shot to hell . marshall shit . shepherd how long 's it be since you fly , sir ? marshall twenty - five year . ext . sky - a F - 15 follow a mig into a barrel roll . int . mig cockpit - night the mig pilot target Air Force one . he cut he speed as he line up he shot . get a lock . mig pilot ( arabic / subtitle ) I have radar lock on the 747 . int . cockpit - AIR force one - night on tactical computer - " radar lock " " dis-engage auto-pilot " the plane bank leave into a dive . Marshall grab the yoke . int . mig cockpit - finger on the trigger . mig pilot it 's evade . can I take the shot ? mig leader ( v.0 . ) take the shot . ext . sky - night look forward from underneath a F - 15 , the mig head toward Air Force one . the F - 15 fire a sidewinder . on the mig ... as it fire its missile . the F - 15 's sidewinder blow the mig up , take the missile with it . Air Force one be clear ... for the time be . int . AIR force one , cockpit - night marshall struggle to regain control of the 747 . he over - compensate and the plane rock side - to-side . rose what be you do ? marshall Flying the plane . rose you have not even drive a car since you take office . Marshall check out the tactical display . marshall I be sure it 's like riding a bicycle ... downhill with no brake and somebody shoot at you . Marshall find the throttle , push it up all the way . he feel the plane out , gently nudge it into a turn . ext . sky - night two mig flare out of a engagement with the F - 15 's and break toward Air Force one . col . carlton we get two on the loose . someone get on they . fighter pilot # 2 halo two ... I can not get there in time . col . carlton bullshit . do it . the two mig lock onto Air Force one . each fire a missile at the President 's plane , before break in opposite direction . int . afo cockpit - night a red buzz . it 's all Marshall can do to keep the plane fly straight . marshall we get two come at we ! tactical countermeasure Computer ... as it track the incoming ... " heat seeker " " launch flare " ext . AIR force one - night brightly burn flare launch from either side of Air Force one 's wing and descend toward earth . the missile follow the heat of the flare , plummete harmlessly to earth . int . AIR force one cockpit - night the shock wave from a nearby mig explosion shake the plane . in the aftermath , Marshall take a moment and pull on the pilot 's headset . marshall U.S. pilot , this be Air Force one . col . carlton copy Air Force one . welcome to the party . fighter pilot # 1 ( v.0 . ) I be on it . int . afo cockpit - night ' marsilall can you ... can you drop in front of I ? I will follow you out . col . carlton hang tough , I be on my way . ext . sky - night on the two mig 's head for Air Force one . a F - 15 drop in behind they . the mig scissor and break in opposite direction . the F -l5 can only follow one of they . fighter pilot 11 I be tight on one , the other 's loose . I need help down here . the other mig come up on the 747 and open fire with he cannon . the shell rip up the surface of the aircraft 's wing . the mig swoops past Air Force one and jerk into a * vertical . on the damage wing - fuel start leak out and the outer jet engine catch fire . int . cockpit , AIR force one - night Red warning light flash on the control panel . marshall we be hit . we have get a engine on fire . cot . caalton ( v.0 . ) shut it down . shut it down . Marshall reach over and toggle the shutoff switch . ext . AIR force one - night the engine whir to a halt and the rush wind blow out the fire . but now she 's only get three engine . int . AIR force one - night through the cockpit window , a F - 15 settles in front of Air Force one ... flame pour out of its tail . under any other condition , it would be pretty . Alice , Rose and shepherd watch Marshall fly . marshall this be President Marshall . I know you guy be busy , but we need some help here . int . carlton be f-15 cockpit - night canton in pursuit of a mis . col . carlton Mr. President , it 's a honor . now with you permission can we lead you the fuck out of here . marshall you read my mind . col . carlton put you pilot on . marshall he 's busy be dead . carlton break leave , line up a mig and fire . he nail the iraqi aircraft . col . carlton who 's fly the fuck plane ? marshall I be do what I can . col . caelton can you , can you change you head to Zero four one point six ? marshall negative . we have lose navagition . I do not know where that be . buzzer sound in carlton 's cockpit . he 's be lock on . col . carlton oh shit . hang on . somebody help I out . I get one up my ass . ext . sky - night carlton put he plane into a triple canopy roll then slam on he airbreak . the mo shoot by he and carlton let loose with he cannon . the mig pull up and disengage . col . carlton two and three be head toward the boe . col . carlton okay . we be gonna arc a fat one to the right . get it ? marshall get it . col . carlton stay cool . canton 's plane edge around to the right ... and Marshall follow . the 747 lean at a angle and continue the turn until the F - 15 be dead ahead . another plane explode ahead of he at three o'clock . marshall how we do , Colonel ? col . carlton we still get three mig run around and six more on the way . can not you fly any faster ? ira ' . white house situation room - night all eye be glue to the tactical screen , show the dogfight . they listen to the radio traffic . marshall we be at full throttle . fighter pilot # 1 ( v.0 . ) Air Force one , mig four and five be on you tail . marshall well get `em off I , goddamnit . ext . sky - night two mig target the big bird . fighter pilot # 1 I can not get a lock . break right . break right . int . afo cockpit - night Marshall struggle with he stick turn the aircraft to the right . ext . sky - night of course its pointless . the boe be a fuck sloth compare to this fighter . int . AIR force one cockpit - night the familiar buzz . tactical computer . " radar lock " Alice notice the computer . at the upper right hand of the screen , the computer display defensive mode / Offensive mode . defensive mode be highlight . alice daddy , look . it say ... Alice reach out and touch the screen . marshall not now , pumpkin . Alice 's touch activate offensive mode . ext . AIR force one - night along the belly of the aircraft , two hatches pivot open , revealing a series of missile . sky - as the f-15 jockey with the ` no mig fighter pilot # 1 I can not get good tone . col . carlton take the shot . the F - 15 fire , but the sidewinder scream past the turn hig . int . AIR force one , cockpit - night tactical computer ... over graph display . " Offensive counter measure activatedw " launch missile " err . AIR force one - the Flying White House launch two sparrow missile . the mig release flare , but the sparrow do not flinch . twin fireballs erupt in the sky as the mic evaporate . but from the fireball , a missile emerge come right at Air Force one . close fast . fighter pilot # 2 boss , they get one off . int . AIR force one - night on the console ... spark fly . tactical computer flash ... " system failure " " missile lock " marshmj what do you touch ? what do you touch !? alice nothing ! Marshall check display . marshall oh shit . it 's get we . ext . sky - night the missile have Air Force one dead to rights , crawl right up its tail pipe . just before its about to hit the plane ... fighter pilot 11 yaaaaaaaah ! a F - 15 swoops up from below . like a secret service agent during a assassination attempt ... the F - 15 take the bullet in its mid-section . boom ! the blast slam bit of the fighter plane against Air Force one. rocking it badly . chunks of the plane rip away metal sheet on the 747' wing and tail section . int . f-15 cockpit - night col . carlton we get six more bogey , close fast from the south . ext . sky - night a squadron of navy F - 14 drop into the theatre . the cavalry . navy squadron leader ( v.0 . ) you Air Force boy get that plane out of here . we will take care of that mig . col . carlton Roger that . kick ass , navy . navy squadron leader ( v.0 . ) that 's affirmative . int . cockpit - night Marshall work the control of the 747 . tries to engage the automatic pilot . the system be fry . Marshall wrestle with the yoke . marshall uh , we get a problem here . col . carlton just stay on my wing , sir . I will take you all the way in . marshall no . we be lose fuel and my rudder 's not respond . col . carlton lemme take a look . ext . sky - night canton pull up and drop back over the plane . he look down at the boe 's wing . col . carlton aw , man . you be tear up pretty bad out here , sir . do you have any elevater control . marshall sluggish ... I think it 's jamme too . int . white house situation room - night col . carlton uh , Tower , we get a problem up here . Sir , I get some bad news . Air Force one ... there 's no way they can bring it down . plane 's damage , it 's unlandable . int . AIR force one , cockpit - night Marshall look out the side cockpit window , see carlton 's F - 15 fly steady with he . col . carlton I be sorry , sir . carlton salute Marshall . Marshall return it . marshall thanks for you help , Colonel . int . white house situation room - night General northwood collapse into he chair . general northwood they have get no chute . they can not control the plane , they engine be fail and they be lose fuel . dean I prefer the terrorist . general northwood that 's game , set , and match . there 's nothing to do , except call the Chief justice . v.p. chandler the Chief justice ? what on earth for ? general northwood to swear you in as President . Dead silence in the room . General greely amble over to the tactical map and just stare at it . he loosen he tie and scratch he head . general greely where 's you strike team , General ? general northwood on they way back to Turkey . why ? general greely I just have the craziest idea . ext . sky - night kc-lo Transport plane . kc-lo pilot Romeo tango Zulu . we copy . Change of order acknowledge . we be en route . the kc -lo bank into a turn . int . cockpit , AIR force one - might Alice , Rose and shepherd stand behind the pilot 's seat . marshall ( into header ) be it we only option ? - then do it . Marshall look to the other . marshall we be now over the Black Sea , so even if they could get we chute we would drow or die of hypothermia before they could get to we . we have get one other option though ... ext . white house - night Standard news shot . CNN reporter face the camera . reporter incredible , yet unconfirm report , of White House staff member parachute from the plane while the President himself battle this terrorist . int . live room - night a family gather around they t.v. set to hear the report . reporter ( television ) yet now , in a bizarre twist of event , CNN have learn that Air Force one have be severly crippled and be virtually unlandable and we source report that the first family be trap onboard . a dare mid-air rescue operation be say to be underway . int . cockpit , AIR force one - night marshall how long 's it be ? shepherd twenty five minute . they should be here any moment . marshall they better . fuel 's almost go . up ahead , navagation light . alice there they be ! marshall okay , I be slow we down . int . MAIN cabin - night shepherd cross to the forward cabin door . he follow direction for emergency door release . ext . AIR force one - night the emergency door open and the emergency raft / slide deploy . it inflate before be rip from the aircraft , gently wafting through stormy cloud . int . MAIN cabin - night Air rush past the airplane at two hundred mile a hour . shepherd it's OPEN ! int . cockpit - marshall do you see teem ? int . cabin - night rose ( o.s. ) can you see they ? shepherd look out into the night sky . inky blackness and grey cloud . the horizon , though , lighten as dawn approach . shepherd spot navigational light descend from above . shepherd here they come ! ext . kc - lo transport - night it 's side cargo door be wide open . Army ranger begin winch out three - inch wide cable . ext . sky - night the kc -lo pratically on top of Air Force one . separate by forty foot . Super fly . the cable slap against the side of Air Force one and drag along it 's edge . as it slide past the open doorway , shepherd grab it and haul it into the plane until he have its end . he hook the cable to a metal clasp at the top of the door frame . shepherd we're hooked ! int . AIR force one cockpit - marshall we be hook . hove into position . kc -lo pilot ( radio ) Romeo tango Zulu , acknowledge . we be assume position . a red light flash on the control panel . engine number two grind to a halt . the pressure guage drop to zero . marshall get go . we do not have much time leave . Rose bend down and kiss Marshall on the cheek . rose I love you . I just want you to know that . Marshall hold she with he eye . marshall I love you too . ( beat ) we be go to make it . Alice throw she arm around she father . alice my school play 's Tuesday night . promise I you will be there . marshall I promise . guage show fuel be low on the remain turbofan . ext . sky - the transport plane dip into a lateral position . the two plane be connect by a hundred yard of cable . five army rangers in snatch harness slide down the cable bridge onto Air Force onefr as they hit the open doorway , they unclip and sail into the main cabin . army ranger # 1 let 's get you folk out of here . int . department store - evening electronics department . bank of television set . shopper watch intently . the audio broadcast play over a map of the region and a graphic of Air Force one . kc-lo pilot ( v.0 . ) Tower , Air Force one have be board . tower ( v.0 . ) Romeo tango Zulu , copy one the television , graphic of the first family against the presidential seal . reporter you be listen to a intercept audio feed of radio communication between Air Force one and Army special force , fly side - by-side , attempt to get the first family off the damage aircraft . int . MAIN cabin - Three Army ranger harness themselves `to the survivor . one to Alice , one to Rose and one to shepherd . the other two head for the cockpit . Alice and she Ranger be ready . army ranger we be set . alice mon ... rose you can do it , baby . army ranger hold on tight . the first step 's a bitch . Alice take a deep breath , close she eye ... the soldier clip on the cable , and shove off the lip of the doorway , sailing down the wire . they plummet , Alice scream . the line go taut . the pair slide the hundred yard to the kc-lo . ranger grab they and bring they into the transport . int . department store - evening shopper listen to television set , galvanize . kc-lo pilot the first daughter be on-board . int . cockpit , AIR force one - night with a smile . marshall acknowledge . two Army ranger approach the cockpit . army ranger # 1 Mr. President ! Army Ranger # 2 slide into the co-pilot 's seat . army ranger # 2 I will take it , sir . you get go . int . MAIN cabin - night Rose clip on to a Ranger 's harness . rose ready ! they clip on the wire , move to the lip , and rappel off the side of the plane . int . afo upper deck - night as the first Ranger lead Marshall through the m.c.c . when a shot ring out ... the soldier at the flight yoke slump over dead . Marshall and the first Ranger swing around to see ... a bloody but smile Gibbs , lie on the deck , clutching a mp5 . the Ranger draw he weapon ... but Gibbs swing he rifle around . pull the trigger . bam . bam . bam . hitting the Ranger . the Ranger return fire , shoot round after round at Gibbs before pitching over , dead . Gibbs draw a bead on the President , smile ... but he do not have any strength leave to pull the trigger . he expire . and the plane begin to dive . Marshall run for the cockpit . ext . sky - night Rose and she Ranger be pull aboard the transport . int . MAIN cabin - shepherd and he Ranger clip onto the wire , but the kc-lo be now higher than Air Force one . int . afo cockpit - with Marshall back at the yoke . kc-lo pilot Air Force one , you be lose altitude . marshall I can not hold it ! hang on . kc -lo pilot ( v.0 . ) ext . sn - night the kc-lo transport dip lower and lower , try to maintain its position under the descend plane . kc-lo pilot Tower , Romeo tango Zulu . the first Lady be onboard . Air Force one , status ? marshall we have lose two of you man . there 's no one to fly the plane . kc-l0 pilot ( v.0 . ) we can send another one over . marshall no time . I only have one engine leave . int . MAIN cabin - night army ranger come on ! shepherd what about the President ? army ranger he 's on he way . with the kc-lo back in the position , shepherd and he Ranger shove off the die plane toward safety . tnt . white house situation room - night kc-l0 pilot the Chief of staff be onboard . we be at six thousand foot descend rapidly . everyone 's bite they nail . tnt . AIR force one cockpit - night marshall I can not stabilize it . kc-lo pilot Sir , we be go to pound pavement in less than three minute . Marshall hold the yoke in one hand and unclip the snatch harness from the dead ranger in the co-pilot 's seat . the last red light on the engine control panel start to flash . marshall i'm losing number four ! Marshall , still fight the yoke , stand . he take a deep breatn , drop the wheel and run like a motherfucker for the stair . ext . sicy , AIR force one . drop into a banking twist . the cable line run taut . the kc -lo try to compensate . tnt . cabin Marshall dive down the stair from the upper deck , come up sprinting for the door . tnt . AIR force one , cockpit - engine four fail . int . white house situation room - kc-1o pilot ( v.0 . ) she 's out of control . I can not pace she . int . MAIN cabin - the taut strain cable snap one corner of the metal clasp . the clasp start to bend . in slow motion - marshall sprinting to the open door . the clasp twist . the cable hook ready to slip of for it . Marshall clip on , and dive out of the door . he slide forty foot down , when .... the clasp give . the cable line snap away from the plane ... one end connect to the kc - l0 , the other connect to ... nothing . ext . sky Marshall slide down the cable , grip at it , try to break he fall . Air Force one plummet toward the water . Marshall slide , right behind it , run out of cable . at the end of he rope , literally . Marshall 's harness snag on the end clasp . he hang on for dear life . moment later Air Force one impact . a huge explosion , water and flame blow sky high into the night . int . white house situation room - kc-lo pilot Tower . Air Force one be down ... int . sport bar - evening Dead silence as all the patron stare up at the t.v. kc-1o pilot I repeat , Air Force one be down . tower Romeo tango Zulu . do you have the President ? no response ... int . white house situation room - night tower Romeo tango Zulu , please respond . do you have the President ? over . still no response ... ext . sky - night the massive fireball and glow remain of the presidential aircraft almost reach up to where the President struggle to hold on to the end of the cable . int . kc -lo transport army ranger winch it up ! winch it up ! ext . sky - night Marshall slip off the line , unable to get a solid hold . his hand slick with blood . the belly of the kc-lo get closer and closer . marshall come on . ten mare second . he close he eye . his finger begin to give . int . live room - night all over America , family , gather around they television , wait . tower Romeo tango Zulu , do you have the President ? over . kc-lo pilot stand by . int . department store - night tower Romeo tango Zulu1 this be Tower . please report . over . int . white house situation room - night a long beat of silence , then ... tower Romeo tango Zulu , do you copy ? do you have the President ? another long beat . kc-lo pilot we copy . stand by ... ( beat ) Tower ? tower Tower , here . kc-lo pilot this be Romeo tango Zulu change call sign . ( beat ) Tower , alert air traffic , Romeo tango Zulu be now Air Force one . ( beat ) this be Air Force one ... the President be safe onboard . tower copy , Air Force one . cheer flood the situation room . cheer flood the Department store . cheer flood the press room , the live room , the sport bar , church , school , construction site , hospital ... all across America . int . kc -1o hold - dawn Marshall huddle tight with Rose and Alice as a medic attend to they wound . army ranger Mr. President ? Marshall turn to see this soldier , a fresh - face , 19 - year - old kid , salute he Commander - in -chief . army ranger welcome aboard , sir . Marshall return the salute . ext . sky - dawn the kc -1o soar into the emerge sunrise , fly in the center of the remain F - l5 formation . fade to black