airplane written by Jim abraham , David Zucker &amp ; Jerry Zucker shoot script June 11 , 1979 revise 6/15/79 fade in : ext . sky - just above cloud - night ominous , threatening music . the upper tail fin of a jet plane emerge through the cloud layer and pass through the frame like a shark 's fin through water . it pass by again in the opposite direction . music build as the fin come straight toward the camera , music swell to crescendo as entire jet plane lift out of cloud and pass overhead . title slashes across screen , " airplane ! " credit and music continue over follow . ext . airport - night ( stock ) establishing terminal building . ext . terminal build - passenger loading zone - night Airport bus arrive . stewardess elaine dickinson step off . camera follows Elaine as she walk to terminal building . p.a. system ( female v.o . ) the white zone be for immediate load and unload of passenger only . there be no stop in the red zone . p.a. system ( male v.o . ) the red zone be for immediate load and unload of passenger . there be no stop in the white zone . p.a. system ( female v.o. ) no . the white zone be for load and unload , and there be no stop in the red zone . p.a. system ( male v.o . ) the red zone have always be for load and unload , and there be never stop in a white zone . p.a. system ( female v.o. ) do not tell I which zone be for stop and which zone be for load . p.a. system ( male v.o. ) listen , Betty . do not start up with you white zone shit again ! Elaine enter terminal building . int . terminal build - night Elaine be approach by a religious zealot # 1 . zealot # 1 hello , we would like you to have this flower from the Religious consciousness Church . elaine no , but thank you very much . arrival - departure tv monitor . Elaine approach . elaine's Pov - tv monitor read : Flight 209 to Chicago - depart Gate 89 - 7:25 p.m . arrival monitor be goldfish swim . back to elaine she check she watch and walk past Security check area . camera stays with a middle - age couple , shirley and jack , wait to pass through Security check . behind they be sign read : warning , hijacking be a federal offense , etc . shirley Jack , be not that Fred bliffert over there in the blue turtleneck ? maybe he 's on we flight to Chicago . jack yeah , I think he be . ( wave ) hey , Fred ! fred recognize Jack . fred ( yell ) hi , Jack !!! a swarm of police and airport security man descend on Fred and take he away . ext . airport - passenger loading zone - night a limousine arrive . two colorfully dress black dude emerge . a extra pester they . two hare krishna be arrive on foot and walk toward terminal . p.a. system ( female v.o. ) there 's just no stop in the white zone . p.a. system ( male v.o. ) Christ , you be as bad as you mother ! p.a. system ( female v.o . ) oh , really , Vernon ! why pretend ? we both know perfectly well what it be you be talk about . you want I to have a abortion . p.a. system ( male v.o . ) it 's really the only sensible thing to do . if it 's do properly , therapeutically , there 's no danger involved . p.a. system ( female v.o. ) have you consider that what 's inside I be a human be ; that it 's alive . we make love . it 's we -- you and I . p.a. syster ( male v.o. ) that be not true . a fetus at this stage be not a human be , nor be it a person . krishnas enter terminal building . int . terminal build - night the krishnas be approach by the Religious Zealot . zealot # 2 hello , we would like you to have this flower from the Church of consciousness . would you like to make a donation ? krishna ( shake he head ) no , we give at the office . int . terminal build - night a voluptuous blonde saunter through the airport , clear she throat loudly , and spit on the wall . she walk past a elderly woman stand outside a man 's room door . she turn and stick she head in the door . elderly woman go , O.J. , go !! int . security check area - night security check lady be watch x- ray scanner . first picture be typically fill suitcase , then another , then a chest X - ray . a man pass through metal detector archway and it beeps . security lady please put you metal object on this tray . he put he watch , key on the tray . then remove he metal arm and metal leg . ext . terminal build - passenger loading area - night mr. and mrs . hammen and they eight year old son , joey , arrive in a station wagon . they unload luggage . p.a. system ( male v.o . ) the red zone be for immediate load and unload of passenger only . there be no stop in the white zone . p.a. system female v.o. weep . P. A. system ( male v.o . ) the red zone be for ... Betty , put down that gun ! shot and groan . p.a. system ( female v.o . ) the white zone be for immediate load and unload of passenger only . there be no stop in the red zone . the hammen walk toward terminal past a businessman . businessman taxi ! a taxi cab skid to a stop in front of he . the businessman get in as the driver , ted striker , drop the flag and rush out . striker back in a minute . int . terminal build - baggage pickup area - night striker enter , look around as if search for someone . people be roll down the conveyor belt of a baggage carousel , bang into each other like luggage . the luggage be stand around the conveyor belt , wait for the people to come off . int . terminal build - another area - night striker , walk briskly , be approach by Zealot # 3 who try to pin a flower on he jacket . striker keep walk but the Zealot be persistent . finally , striker slip out of he jacket leave the Zealot with the coat . p.a. system ( v.o. ) you attention , please . Flight seven - thirty - three from milwaukee be now arrive on the B concourse , Gate thirty - five . ext . runway - night Flight 733 taxi toward gate . a ground crewman with red flashlight be direct plane to he right . a second ground crewman approach as first Ground crewman continue to direct plane to he right . credit end . ground crewman # 2 hey , Joe , where 's the forklift ? ground crewman # 1 the forklift ? it 's over there by the baggage loader . he point to the leave with he flashlight . Flight 733 follow flashlight and crash into terminal . int . terminal - gate 35 - night nose of Flight 733 crash into terminal , scatter wait crowd . a woman toss away she infant child as she run off . int . terminal buliding - another area - night striker catch up to Elaine . striker Elaine ! elaine ( surprised ) Ted ! striker I come home early and find you note . I guess you mean for I to read it later . Elaine , I have get to talk to you . elaine I just do not want to go over it any more . striker I know thing have not be right for a long time , but it will be different . if you will just be patient , I can work thing out . elaine I have be patient and I have try to help , but you would not even let I do that . striker do not you feel anything for I at all any more ? elaine it take so many thing to make love last . most of all it take respect . and I can not live with a man I do not respect ! she leave . striker ( to camera ) what a pisser . int . terminal build - concession area - night captain clarence oveur be stand at the magazine rack . the first two section of the display be book ; the third be girly magazine . the caption over the dis­play be fiction , non - fiction , whacking material . he select a magazine entitle " modern sperm " and begin to page through . p.a. system ( v.o. ) Captain clarence oveur , white courtesy phone . Captain clarence oveur , white courtesy phone . Captain oveur approach telephone and pick up a red phone . operator ( v.o. ) no , the white phone . oveur pick up the white phone . oveur this be Captain oveur . operator ( v.o. ) one moment for you call from the mayo Clinic . p.a. system ( v.o. ) Captain oveur , white courtesy phone . Captain clarence oveur ... oveur ( yell at ceiling ) I have get it ! p.a. system ( v.o. ) all right . thank you . operator ( v.o. ) go ahead with you call . turnansky ( v.o. ) this be Doctor turnansky at the mayo Clinic . int . dr . turnansky's office - night dr . turnansky be seat at desk . behind he be shelf fill with mayonnaise jar . turnansky there 's a passenger on you Chicago flight two - oh-niner , a little girl name Lisa Davis -- en route to minneapolis . she 's schedule for a heart transplant and we would like you to tell she mother that we find a donor a hour ago . on he desk be a beaker contain a beat heart . turnansky we have the heart here ready for surgery and we must have the recipient on the operate table within six hour . the heart jump out of the beaker , across the desk and fall off the edge . turnansky I want you to make sure she be keep in a recline position and that a continuous watch be keep on she i.v . int . terminal build - phone area - night turnansky ( v.o. ) also , it 's important that ... operator ( v.o. ) Excuse I . this be the Operator , Captain oveur , I have a emergency call for you on line five trom a mister hamm . oveur all right . give I hamm on five , hold the mayo . ext . runway - night ambulance arrive at airplane . attendant and mrs . davis unload lisa davis into wheelchair . int . terminal build - night Elaine and striker be walk together . striker look , you will be back in town tomorrow night . we will have dinner -- talk it over . elaine I will not be back . I have request the Atlanta run . striker Elaine , not yet . I promise you I really can change . elaine then why do not you take the job that louie netz offer you at boe ? in the b.g. a airline porter be transport a elderly couple in a electric cart . they round the corner too fast and the woman fall out . husband do not notice . striker you know I have not be able to get near a airplane since the war . and even if I could , they would not hire I because of my war record . elaine you war record ? you be the only one keep that alive . for everyone else it 's ancient history . striker you expect I to believe that ? in the b.g. the elderly woman stagger to she foot and be immediately run over by another electric cart . elaine it 's the truth . what 's hurt you the most be you record since the war . different city , different job , and not one of they show you can accept any real responsibility . striker but if you will just give I ... elaine it 's too late , Ted . when I get back to Chicago , I be go to start my life all over again . I be sorry . she walk off . Dramatic music as striker glare with determination . the religious Zealot try to pin a flower on he lapel . zealot # 3 hello , we would like you to have this ... without look , striker deck the Zealot with one punch . he walk after Elaine . int . cockpit - flight 209 - night clarence oveur be in the pilot 's seat . victor basta be seat at engineer 's console . there be a St. Christopher 's statue on the dashboard . basta any word on that storm lift over Salt Lake , clarence ? texaco service man be clean windshield . oveur unlikely , Victor . I just review the Area report for 1609 hour through 2400 hour . that 's a occlude front stall over the dakotas -- back up all the way to Utah . texaco service man open hood and check dipstick . basta if it decide to push over into the great Lakes it could get plenty soupy . how about the southern route , around Tulsa ? oveur I double check the terminal forecast and wind aloft . ifr ceiling all the way . oveur give charge card to texaco man . basta where do they top out ? oveur well , there 's some light scattered cover at twenty thousand with icing around eighteen . basta look like the original flight plan over Denver be still the best bet . oveur sign charge form and give it to texaco man . oveur Denver it be . roger murdock enter . he be play by a famous athlete . murdock sorry , clarence . latest weather report show everything sock in from Salt Lake to lincoln . oveur ( to murdock ) hi , Roger . good to have you aboard . Victor , this be Roger murdock . basta how do you do , Roger ? texaco man hand receipt to oveur . int . passenger cabin - boarding area - night stewardess Elaine and randy be greeting board passenger include the hammen and sister angelina who be carry a guitar . int . passenger cabin - another area - night hari krishna # 1 do you believe that goddamn steeler ? can you imagine blit on third and long with two minute in the game ? hari krishna # 2 well , hell , they could not stay in zone coverage with Dallas run swing pattern ! int . passenger cabin - another area - night jack what do you think of ' great expectation ? ' shirley well , it be not all that I have hope . ext . runway - night a soldier and girl be tearfully embrace at the base of the stair lead into the plane . girl oh , Bill , I be go to miss you so much . soldier you promise you will write . girl every day . airport steward better get on board , son . int . terminal build - gate 89 - night striker approach check - in counter . striker can you tell I if Elaine dickinson be on this flight ? she look at she list . check -in lady well , the whole flight crew have board . yes . she be on board . striker I would like one ticket to Chicago . no baggage ! ext . terminal build - passenger loading area - night the businessman be patiently wait in striker 's cab . int . terminal build - gate 89 - night check -in lady smoke or non-smok ? striker smoke , please . she hand he a smolder ticket , and he walk out the door . ext . terminal - night striker emerge and freeze in terror . striker be Pov - the airplane - night dramatic music . closeup - striker - night agonizing over war recollection . superimpose roaring fighter plane . super fade out . striker muster he courage and walk toward airplane . int . passenger cabin - another area - night black dude #l shi' , man , tha ' honkey mo ' of ' mess wi ' my ol ' lady , man I rap tha ' dude upside he head , man . subtitles appear on screen : " golly , that white fellow should stay away from my wife or I will punch he . " black dude # 2 yeah , man , he be not never goin ' come on layin ' no pig rap off you , man . subtitles appear on screen : " yes , there be truth in what you say . however , I think he may be misleading you . " int . passenger cabin - another area - night Randy be take striker 's ticket . randy fourteen - B . it 's halfway down on you right . striker thank you . as striker sit down he see Elaine , who be unaware he be on board . striker be Pov - night Elaine be hand out pillow . we hear a ding . insert - lighted warning sign " no smoking EL no a you smoko " " fasten seat belt putana da seatbeltz " he fasten he seat belt and look nervously out the window . the elderly woman next to he notice . mrs . elderly nervous ? striker yes . mrs . elderly first time ? striker no . I have be nervous lot of time . I use to be a pilot myself ... during the war . int . passenger cabin - another area - night Elaine approach Mrs. Davis and Lisa . elaine we will be take off real soon so we better fasten you in tight . lisa thank you . oh mother , this be so exciting . mrs . davis I know , but remember you must get some rest . elaine that 's good advice . you relax and I will be back after we take off . int . passenger cabin - another area - night milton , a eight year old boy wear a conservative coat and tie , fasten he seat belt and begin read he " Business monthly " magazine . he see bernice , a seven year old girl , in the aisle and look she up and down . ext . airplane - night dramatic music . engine one and two rev up . int . cockpit - night murdock and oveur look toward leave wing . ext . airplane - night engine three and four rev up . int . cockpit - night murdock and oveur look toward right wing . ext . airplane - night two more engine rev up . int . cockpit - night murdock and oveur look toward leave wing and do a double take . ext . airplane - night two more engine rev up . int . cockpit - night murdock and oveur be confuse and count on they finger . ext . airplane - night stair be remove from airplane . the soldier be in the open doorway wave good - bye to he tearful girlfriend at the base of the plane . int . cockpit - night oveur two-zero - niner to ground control . we be load and ready to taxi . ext . tower - night ground control ( v.o. ) Roger , two -zero-niner . you be third in line for takeoff ... Air Israel , taxi into position . ext . runway - night a Air Israel airplane with beard and pais , wear a yarmulka and tallis . ext . tower - night ground control ( v.o. ) Air Poland , you be clear for takeoff . int . AIR poland cockpit - night Crew be Jose feliciano and look -alike for Ray Charles . ext . tower - night ground control ( v.o. ) taxi to runway one -niner . int . cockpit - night oveur move console lever as if shifting into first gear . ext . airplane - soldier - night as 209 start to taxi , the soldier be lean out the door . soldier good-bye , darling . ext . runway - girl - night his girlfriend be move along next to the plane as in typical train station good - bye scene . girl oh , good - bye , Bill ! have you picture take as soon as you get there and send I one ! as she run , she dodge post . we hear the chug chug of a steam engine pull from a station . soldier I will . she run through crowd of people stand on side of runway . girl do not you go get fat or anything . she 's run faster . soldier do not worry , I will not . okay , here -- hurry ! he toss she he watch . girl oh , but it 's you watch . you should not . you will need it . she be now knock down post as she keep up with the accelerate plane . soldier good-bye , darling . girl oh , Bill , I will keep it . I will keep it with I all the time . soldier so long , darling . good-bye . take care of yourself . girl Bill ! Bill ! good-bye , Bill . soldier good-bye , darling . girl good-bye , darling . I love you . I love you , darling . soldier good-bye , darling . a train whistle sound . she stop run and wave . int . cockpit - night ground controller ( v.o. ) Flight two - zero-niner , you be clear for takeoff . oveur Roger . murdock ( turn to oveur ) huh ? oveur throw console lever into second gear . ground controller ( v.o. ) L.A. departure frequency two-point-niner . oveur Roger . murdock ( turn to oveur ) huh ? basta ( to tower ) request vector ...over . oveur ( turn to basta ) what ? ground controller ( v.o. ) Flight two - zero-niner , clear for vector three ... two four . murdock we have clearance , clarence . oveur Roger , Roger . what 's we vector , Victor ? oveur throw console lever into third . ext . runway - night Flight 209 take off , fly erratically . basta ( v.o. ) Tower radioe clearance , over . oveur ( v.o. ) that 's clarence oveur ...over . basta ( v.o. ) Roger . murdock ( v.o. ) huh ? tower ( v.o. ) Roger , over . oveur ( v.o. ) what ?! murdock ( v.o. ) huh ? insert - seat belt and smoking sign go off . int . passenger cabin - night striker walk to rear of plane and look out window . he swallow a couple of pill . Randy approach . randy do you feel all right , sir ? striker oh -- I have not fly for a long time . int . passenger cabin - another area - night Elaine be hand out magazine . oveur ( v.o. ) good evening , this be Captain oveur speak . we will be cruise at thirty -six , thousand foot , and arrival time in Chicago be ten-forty - five Central time . the temperature there be sixty - two degree , with a twenty percent chance of precipitation . and now here 's Victor with people in the news . basta ( v.o. ) thank you , clarence . Ali mcgraw announce another spin on the marriage - go-round . and who 's the lucky guy ? you guess it . none other than Olympic gymnast ... Elaine approach Mrs. elderly . striker 's seat be vacant . elaine would you like something to read ? mrs . elderly do you have anything light ? Elaine hand she a small piece of paper . elaine how about this leaflet : ' famous jewish Sports legends ? ' mrs . elderly ( take pamphlet ) yes . thank you . Elaine turn and be shocked to see striker approach he seat . elaine Ted , what be you do here ? striker Elaine , I have get to talk to you . elaine you ... you should not have come . I do not have time now . mrs . schiff oh , stewardess ... elaine Excuse I . striker sit down . mrs . elderly no wonder you be upset . she 's lovely . and a darling figure . supple , pout breast . firm thigh . it 's a shame you be not get along . striker yes , I know . thing use to be different . I remember when we first meet . it be during the war . dissolve to : int . magumba bar - night striker be seat at bar in a smoke- fill room . a assortment of unsavory character be hang around the bar . striker ( v.o. ) I be in the Air Force , station in drambuie , on the barbary Coast . I use to hang out in the magumba bar . shapely female leg walk on bar stop in front of striker . sleazy trombone music . camera pan up shapely female in tight fitting dress . she be play/ing the sleazy trombone music . striker ( v.o. ) it be a rough place . you would count on a fight break out almost every night . two girl scout be slugging it out old western style -- break table and chair . int . magumba bar - jukebox area - night a unsavory character put a quarter in the jukebox . one girl scout bashes the other against the jukebox button . insert - lighted sign " e-5 make another selection " DISCO tune play . girl scout be bashed against juke­box again . insert - lighted sign " b-17 make another selection " girl scout bashes again . insert - lighted sign " a -12 thank you " the unsavory character nod approvingly at selection . int . magumba bar dance floor - night patron be dance a la John travolta . striker ( v.o. ) I do not go there that night to fall in love , I just drop in for a couple of drink . back to striker he turn to look toward dance floor . striker ( v.o. ) but suddenly there she be . striker' Pov Elaine dance with grizzly look cutthroat . striker ( v.o. ) I be captivate , entrance . back to striker striker ( v.o. ) it hit I like a thunderbolt . I have to ask the guy next to I to pinch I to make sure I be not dream . striker ask the burly longshoreman next to he to to pinch he . longshoreman give he a look and move away cautiously . striker ( v.o. ) I be afraid to approach she , but that night , fate be on my side . Elaine 's dance partner be stab in the back and fall to the grould . no one notice but striker who eagerly fill in . they make a perfect disco couple . the other dancer make a circle around they . they begin with fancy disco step , move on to flip and seemingly impossible acrobatics , finally end with incredible stunt : striker , jump through flame hoop and Elaine , hang from a chandelier by she tooth and twirling . dissolve to : int . magumba bar dance floor - night bar be close , chair on table , bartender sweeping floor , Elaine and striker dance slowly in center of room . one final girl scout fly into frame and fall in a lifeless heap at they foot . dissolve to : int . passenger cabin - night striker we laugh , we talk , we dance , I never want it to end and I guess I still do not . but enough about I . I hope this have not be boring for you . camera widen to reveal Mrs. elderly 's leg dangle next to he . she have hang herself . striker it 's just that when I start to talk about Elaine , I get so carry away -- I lose all track of time -- not unlike Oliver in ' Jesus : the man . ' int . passenger cabin - another area - night milton , carry a tray with two cup of coffee , approach bernice . milton I happen to be pass , and I think you might like some corfee . bernice that 's very nice of you . thank you . she take a cup . bernice ah , will not you sit down ? milton thank you . cream ? bernice no , thank you . I take it black . like my man . milton be you vacation in Los Angeles ? bernice well , it really be not a vacation . you see , I be a teacher in the New York City school system , and I be attend a seminar on visual aid to education . be you from l.a .? milton no. I be from Washington , D.C. I be a lobbyist for the small businessman 's assocation . int . passenger cabin - night Elaine be take order from a couple and they eight year old son . elaine would you like to order dinner now ? mr. hammen yes. Steak for joey and my wife and I will have the fish . joey when can I see the cockpit , dad ? mr. hammen well , I think that the pilot be too busy fly the plane for that , joey . joey aw , gee whiz . elaine I tell you what , joey . I will talk to the Captain and see what I can arrange . joey gee ! that would be swell ! Elaine move on to the two Black dude . elaine would you gentleman care to order you dinner ? the Black dude point to they selection on the menu . black dude # 1 ' ey mar ' muh fuh wha ' of ' , shi ! subtitles appear : " I would like the steak , please . " black dude # 2 shi ' mo cain mar foh mess wi ' ain ?! subtitles appear : " I will have the fish , thank you . " int . passenger cabin - another area - night Randy be take dinner order from hari krishnas . randy May I take you dinner order ? hari krishna # 1 no , thank you , we bring we own vegetable . hari krishna # 2 but we would like some hot water for we tea , please . Randy move on . hari krishna # 1 do you catch the jug on that broad ? int . passenger cabin - stewardess alcove - night Elaine be replace a magazine and catch sight of striker . elaine's Pov - striker bore another passenger . back to elaine she move into the alcove and begin to pour coffee . camera move into closeup of Elaine . dissolve to : ext . beach - day striker and Elaine be run . she fall down at the water 's edge , exhaust . striker drop to he knee and they embrace passionately . a huge wave wash over they cover they completely . when the wave recede , they be still lock in the same embrace . they be cover with seaweed . Fish be flopping around in the sand . elaine oh , Ted , I never know I could be so happy . this past few month have be wonderful . tomorrow why do not we drive up the coast to that little seafood place and ... striker frown . elaine what 's the matter ? striker my order come through . my squadron ship out tomorrow . I will be lead a very important mission . elaine oh , Ted , please be careful . I worry about you so much . striker I love you , Elaine . elaine I love you . they embrace . another huge wave wash in and cover they completely . dissolve to : int . stewardess alcove - night Elaine come back to reality . ext . airplane - night in level flight . int . cockpit - night ground control ( v.o. ) Flight two - zero-niner , this be Denver Flight Control . you be approach some rough weather . please climb to forty - two thousand foot . oveur Roger , Denver . there be a knock on the cockpit door . Elaine and joey enter . elaine we have a visitor . oveur hello . murdock hi. elaine this be Captain oveur . mister murdock and mister Johnson . this be joey hammen . murdock come on up here . you can see better . oveur joey , here 's something we give we special visitor . would you like to have it ? he give joey a small toy airplane and put he arm around he . joey thank you . thanks a lot ! oveur have you ever be in a cockpit before ? joey no , sir . I have never be up in a plane before . oveur have you ever see a grow man naked ? murdock do you want I to check the weather , clarence ? oveur ( look at joey ) no , why do not you take care to it ? elaine we would better get back now . oveur joey can stay up here for a while if he would like to . joey could I ? elaine okay , if you do not get in the way . Elaine exit . murdock pick up phone . murdock Flight two - zero-niner to Denver radio . climb to cruise at forty - two thousand . will report again over lincoln . over and out . joey have be pay very close attention to murdock , and suddenly recognize he . joey wait a minute . I know you . you be kareem Abdul jabbar . you play basketball for the Los Angeles laker ! murdock I be sorry , son , but you must have I confuse with someone else . my name be Roger murdock . I be the co-pilot . he turn to basta . murdock ah , Victor , why do not you get the coordinate on the altitude vector and find out the ratio of direct velocity over engine speed ? Victor be puzzle . joey you be kareem . I have see you play . my dad 's get season ticket ! murdock I think you should go back to you seat now , joey . right , clarence ? oveur no , he 's not bother anyone . let he stay up here . murdock all right . but just remember , my name be Roger murdock . he point to he nametag . murdock I be a airline pilot . ( to oveur ) ah , clarence , accord to my calculation , with this tailwind we ought to be able to make up a additional fifteen minute over the Rockies . joey I think you be the great . but my dad say you do not work hard enough on defense . murdock ( into microphone ) Denver Control , this be Flight two - zero - niner intersect Victor airway seven - niner -niner . joey ... and that lot of time you do not even run down court . murdock we be turn leave to a head of zero - niner-niner . joey ... and that you do not really try , except during the playoff . murdock the hell I do not ! I be out there busting my bun every night . murdock realize he have give himself away . he quickly look to see if oveur be listen . oveur be busy check instrument . murdock grab joey by the collar and whisper angrily . murdock listen , kid , I have be hearing that crap ever since I be at ucla . tell you old man to drag unseld and lanier up and down the court for forty - eight minute . ( into mike ) ah ... Denver Control , this be Flight two - zero - niner continue on a head two - niner-niner ... niner , ah...niner ... niner . int . passenger cabin - night Elaine be seat next to striker . striker Elaine , just hear I out . I know thing have not be right for a long time . but it will be different ... like it be in the beginning . remember ? elaine I remember everything . all I have be memory . Soft music begin . elaine mostly I remember ... the night when we be together . I remember how you use to hold I ... and how I use to sit on you face and wriggle ... and then afterwards how we would watch until the sun come up . when it do , it be almost like ... like each new day be create ... only for we . striker that 's the way I have always want it to be , Elaine . elaine but it will not be . not as long as you insist on live in the past ! Elaine leave , teary - eye . closeup - striker superimpose : ext . sky - day fighter plane diving . squadron leader ( v.o. ) you be too low , Ted ! you be too low ! fighter plane crash . dissolve to : ext . hospital - day sign in front read : U.S. army psychiatric hospital pentathol available master charge , Visa , carte blanche dissolve to : int . hospital - day striker be lie in bed painting a canvas . Elaine be seat at bedside . elaine you get a telegram from head­quarters today . striker headquarters !? what be it ? elaine it 's a big building where the general meet . but that 's not important right now . they have clear you of any blame for what happen on that raid . be not that good news ? insert - striker' painting a surreal image of a soldier contort like a pretzel clutching a machine gun in one hand and a cry infant in the other . back to hospital - day striker be it ? because of my mistake six man do not return from that raid . elaine Seven . Lieutenant Zipp die this morning . Ted , Doctor sandler say you will be out in a week . be not that wonderful ? in the b.g. , a doctor in a white lab coat be attend a patient . when he turn around we see he be wear a stp insignia on he back . striker I wish I could say the same for George Zipp . elaine be patient , Ted . no one expect you to get over this immediately . striker be despondent . sgt . mccobb ( o.s. ) hey , striker ! int . hospital - angle - sgt . mccobb - day he be pose for striker 's painting , contort like a pretzel , hold a machine gun in one hand and cry baby in the other . sgt . mccobb how about a break ? I be get tired ! striker all right . take five . mccobb untangle himself and walk off . int . hospital - closeup - elaine - day elaine I find a wonderful apartment for we . it 's get a brick fireplace and a cute little bedroom with mirror on the ceiling . and ... captain geline ( o.s. ) I be off course . Red leader !!! look out !! striker that 's Captain geline . he think he 's a pilot , still fight the war . int . hospital - day Captain geline agonizing and make bombing and machine gun noise . int . hospital - day lieutenant hurwitz ( o.s. ) groan . elaine what 's he problem ? striker that 's lieutennt hurwitz . severe shell shock . he think he 's ethel merman . int . hospital - day strapped to the bed be ethel merman sing " everything's coming up rose . " she break loose from the strap for a grand finale . two attendant attempt to restrain she . dissolve to : int . passenger cabin - back to striker - night randy Excuse I , sir . would you like some coffee before we serve dinner ? striker no . no thank you . Randy move on to the hammen . randy would either of you like another cup of coffee ? mrs . hammen I will , but Jim will not . mr. hammen yes , I think I will have another cup of coffee . camera zoom to closeup of Mrs. hammen . mrs . hammen' thought ( v.o. ) Jim never have a second cup of coffee at home . int . passenger cabin - another area - night Randy approach sister angelina . the guitar be on the seat next to she . randy Excuse I , sister ? sister angelina yes ? randy there 's a little girl on board who 's ill and ... sister angelina oh yes , I see . poor child . randy could I borrow you guitar ? I think I might be able to cheer she up . sister angelina of course . Randy take the guitar and walk down the aisle . the guitar clonk people on the back of the head . Randy approach Lisa . randy be it all right if I talk to you daughter ? mrs . davis oh , I think that would be nice . randy ( to Lisa , who be read ) hi! lisa hi ! randy I be Randy . lisa I be Lisa . oh , you have a guitar ! randy I think maybe you would like to hear a song . lisa oh , I would love to . randy okay , this be one of my favorite . Randy be sit on the edge of the gurney as she strum three open chord . randy ( strumm and sing in ballad tempo ) ' I have travel the bank of the River Jordan , to find where it flow to the sea . ' stewardess and passenger notice the singer and peer around corner and over seat back . a man 's head peer upside down from the top of the frame . randy ' I look in the eye of the cold and the hungry and see that I be look at I . ' as sing continue , shirley and Jack look at each other with saccherine smile , the hammen do the same , then the krishnas , then the Black dude . finally , everyone be smile sweetly at each other . int . cockpit - night murdock and oveur smile sweetly at each other ... int . cabin - night randy ( sing and play the guitar ) ' and I want to know if life have a purpose , and what it all mean in the end . in the silence I listen to the voice inside I , and they tell I again and again . ' tempo jump to rock pace . randy ' there be only one river . there be only one sea . ' Randy , in she grow enthusiasm , swing she guitar , knock the i.v. connection tube from Lisa 's arm . the i.v. squirt , and Lisa turn pale and hollowtcheek . no one else notice . randy ' and it flow through you , and it flow through I . there be only one people , we be one and the same . ' Lisa manage to reconnect she i.v. randy ( still sing ) ' we be all one spirit , one name . we be the Father , we be the son . ' Randy again knock i.v. from Lisa 's arm with guitar as the passenger start to get into the music . randy ' in the Dawn of creation . we be one . ' Mrs. Davis rush to reconnect Lisa 's i.v. Lisa do not react . Mrs. Davis pound Lisa 's chest . randy &amp ; passengers ' we be only one people , we be one and the same . ' as Lisa revive , Randy swing she guitar and clonk Mrs. Davis on the head . randy &amp ; passengers ' we be all one spirit on Earth , one name . ' ext . airplane - night randy &amp ; passengers ( v.o. ) ' we be the Father , we be the son , and in the Dawn of creation we be one . ' int . cockpit - night Elaine enter with dinner . oveur hey , we have be wait for you . a little bit late tonight . elaine who want to be first ? murdock go ahead , clarence , I get it . oveur remove he headset , Elaine put tray down . elaine how 's the weather ? murdock not so good . we have get some heavy stuff ahead of we . it might get rough again unless we can climb on top . but we airspeed be hold steady at six hundred ten knot . elaine that 's great . by the way , joey hammen ask I if you would autograph this basketball . murdock autograph it reluctantly . int . passenger cabin - night a japanese general , dress in World War ii uniform , be now seat next to striker . striker after the war , I just want to get as far away from thing as possible . so Elaine and I join the peace Corps . we be assign to a isolate tribe , the molombos . dissolve to : ext . african village - day striker and Elaine be be escort to the chief 's hut by two guard . we hear jungle Animal sound . the chief be stand in front of he hut surround by several tribesmen who be make the jungle animal sound . striker ( v.o. ) they have never see Americans before . when striker and Elaine arrive , the chief hold up he hand and the sound stop . striker ( v.o. ) at first , they do not know what to think of we ; but soon we gain they trust . the Chief extend he right hand for conventional handshake . striker show he power grip . when the Chief be pleased , striker give he five . the Chief pause then deck striker . striker ( v.o. ) it really be a challenge during the year introduce they to we western culture . dissolve to : ext . jungle - another area - day Elaine be have a supperware party for native woman . elaine also , supperware product be ideal for store leftover to help stretch you food dollar . this two quart " seal - m - rite " container with a special " Close - m - tite " lid keep hotdog bun fresh for day and prevent sugare cereal from stick . she scoops a ladle of corn mush from a carve wooden bowl into a supperware container . elaine meat and dairy product be protect against unwanted refrigerator odor when seal in this non-slip pastel color " freez -o-leer " . when she burp the lid , the supperware make a human burp SOUND . ext . jungle - another area - day striker nail crude basketball rim and net to tree . striker ( v.o. ) you must understand that this people have be completely isolate from civilization . striker demonstrate a two -hande set shot to native . he miss . striker ( v.o. ) no one have ever outline a physical fitness program for they and they have no athletic equipment . Native examine basketball for first time . after two slow dribble , he gracefully feint left , then , dribble through he leg , sink a two -hand , over - the-head , reverse dunk shot . striker ( v.o. ) we also emphasize nutrition and teach they to watch they diet . another native hit a long jump shot . striker ( v.o. ) the exercise improve they physical fitness and condition . one shot after another swishes through the basketball rim . striker ( v.o. ) my work with they seem to reinforce we objective of group cooperation and control - competitive activity . striker approach Elaine who be stand on the sideline . as they talk , the native be pass the ball around and shoot basket harlem globetrotter fashion . striker I think they be get the hang of it ! when we re-enlist I will teach they baseball ! elaine Ted , I do not want to stay here . it 's time for we to go back home -- to the plan we make before the war . striker a lot of people make plan before the war . like George Zipp . Elaine walk away , dejectedly . camera stays with striker as he pour gator - ade into a glass . striker ( v.o. ) I guess it be at that moment that I first realize Elaine have doubt about we relationship . and that as much as anything else lead to my drink problem . striker have a problem drink . he raise he glass of gator - ade , then suddenly pour it on he forehead . dissolve to : int . passenger cabin - night striker we do come back to the States . I try a number of job ... well , I could go on for hour , but I would probably start to bore you . the japanese General be kneel on the seat commit hari kari . striker you know , I really could not blame Elaine . she want a career . I be offer a job at boe but I could not bring myself to take it ... ext . lax passenger loading area - night the businessman wait in striker 's cab check he watch . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . passenger cabin - night shirley be ill and hold she stomach in pain . shirley oh , I can not stand it . jack what be it ? Elaine approach . elaine yes ? shirley my , stomach . I have not feel this awful since we see that lina wertmuller film . elaine I will see if I can find some dramamine . Elaine exit . shirley oooooo . int . passenger cabin - stewardess alcove - night Elaine be on the phone . elaine Captain , one of the woman passenger be very sick . int . cockpit - night joey enter to retrieve basketball . murdock be wear goggle . oveur airsick ? elaine I think so , but I have never see it so acute . oveur find out if there 's a doctor on board , as quietly as you can . oveur hang up phone . oveur joey , have you ever be in a turkish prison ? int . passenger cabin - another area - night mr. hammen ( nauseous ) oooh , I should not have have that second cup of coffee . he grab for motion sickness bag . camera zoom to closeup of Mrs. hammen . mrs . hammen' thought ( v.o. ) Jim never vomit at home . ext . airplane thunder and lightning . int . passenger cabin - night Elaine be speak to couple . elaine I be sorry I have to wake you . I be just look for a doctor . there 's nothing to worry about . Middle - age lady , mrs . yaffe , have overhear this conversation , beckon to Elaine . mrs . yaffe stewardess , I think the man next to I be a doctor . the man next to she be wear a surgical cap with mask . hanging around he neck be a stethoscope . he 's sleep . elaine sir. Excuse I , sir . I be sorry to have to wake you . be you a doctor ? dr . rumack that 's right . elaine we have some passenger who be very sick . could you come and take a look at they ? dr . rumack yes . yes , of course . rumack pick up bag and exit with Elaine . int . passenger cabin - another area - night rumack and Elaine enter . rumack stoops over to shirley , and surgical instrument be slap into he hand from o.s . he poke she stomach with he hand . dr . rumack pain there ? she wince and nod . dr . rumack May I see you tongue , please ? she stick she tongue out . rumack pull on it until it be obviously too long . he continue to pull , and the tongue become multi-color magician 's scarve . then he pull out a bouquet of flower follow by a white dove . dr . rumack I will be back in a minute . rumack take Elaine aside . dr . rumack you would better tell the Captain . we have get to land as soon as we can . this woman have to be get to a hospital . elaine a hospital ? what be it ? dr . rumack it 's a big building with patient . but that 's not important right now . tell the Captain I must speak to he . elaine certainly . ext . airplane - thunder and lightning - night int . cockpit - night oveur ( into mike ) thank you , omaha . two -zero-niner out . ( to basta ) Victor , we be run into a heavy storm , can you ... oveur turn to see basta slump over the console . Dramatic music . oveur Victor ! Roger , take over ! oveur lift basta onto ground . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . cockpit - night murdock , fly the plane alone , wipe he brow and appear ill . int . passenger cabin - outside cockpit door - night dr . rumack Captain , how soon can we land ? oveur I can not tell . dr . romack you can tell I . I be a doctor ! oveur no . I mean I be just not sure . dr . rumack can not you take a guess ? oveur well ... not for another two hour . dr . rumack you can not take a guess for another two hour ? oveur no , I mean we can not land for another two hour . fog have close down everything this side of the mountain . we have get to go through to Chicago ! suddenly , the plane rock violently . rumack and oveur lose balance . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning -- plane be fly erratically . int . cockpit - night murdock , unconscious , be slump over control . oveur and rumack burst into cockpit . oveur get into pilot 's seat . Elaine enter . oveur ( excitedly ) get he out of there ! insert - altimeter and flight control altitude be fluctuate . int . cockpit - night oveur struggle with control . they extricate murdock from behind the wheel . he be wear short , kneepad , and basketball shoe . ext . airplane - night climb and diving . int . passenger cabin - night passenger be be toss about . a woman , apply lipstick , smear it over she face . insert - lighted symbol -- cigarette with line slashed through , and couple copulate with line slashed through . int . cabin - night Randy lose she balance and shove dinner into a passenger 's face . int . cockpit - oveur - night struggle with control , finally regains level flight . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning -- plane level off . int . cockpit - night the St. Christopher statue be hold a motion discomtort bag to its mouth . oveur what be it , Doctor ? what 's happen ? dr . rumack I be not sure . I have not see anything like this since the lina wertmuller Film Festival . rumack and Elaine be now stand face - to-face . oveur , in the f.g. , be at control . dr . rumack what be it we have for dinner tonight ? elaine well , we have a choice . Steak or fish . dr . rumack yes , yes , I remember . I have lasagna . he point to Johnson . dr . rumack what do he have ? elaine he have fish . Randy enter cockpit . randy we have two more sick people , and the rest of the passenger be worried . oveur I will take care of the passenger . Elaine , find out what the two sick people have for dinner . ( into p.a. ) this be Captain oveur speak . int . passenger cabin - night passenger be listen to p.a. oveur ( v.o. ) it 's be a little bumpy up here but we will be past it in a few minute . Randy and Elaine drag murodck and basta down center aisle . oveur ( v.o. ) a couple point of interest : we be just now pass over the Hoover dam and later on , we course will take we just south of the Grand Canyon . int . cockpit - night oveur meanwhile , relax and enjoy the rest of you flight . okay ? okay ! he hang up phone and turn to rumack . oveur that should do it . int . passenger cabin - night absolute pandemonium . passenger be yell , scream , tear they hair out , climb about . int . cockpit - night oveur ( into microphone ) Chicago , this be flight two - zero-niner . we be in trouble . int . o'hare weather CENTER - closeup - typewriter - night camera pull out to reveal dispatcher type oveur 's message . oveur ( v.o. ) we have get to have all altitude below we clear and priority approach and landing in Chicago . over . dispatcher we read you . stand by , two -zero-niner . when he try to remove paper from typewriter , it rip in half . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . passenger cabin - night Randy approach hammen . Mr. hammen be sick . randy yes ? mrs . hammen oh , stewardess . my husband be very sick . can you do something , please ? randy well , the doctor will be with you in just a moment . one thing : do you know what he have for dinner ? mrs . hammen yes , of course . we both have fish . why ? randy oh , it 's nothing to be alarmed about . we will get back to you very quickly . she turn to walk toward camera with horrify expression . int . cockpit - night Elaine enter , turn to face rumack . oveur be at control in f.g. elaine Doctor rumack , mister hammen eat fish . and Randy say there be five more case , and they eat fish , too . dr . rumack let 's see now . the co- pilot have fish . what do the navigator eat ? elaine he have fish , too . oveur be pick up on the conversation . dr . rumack all right , now we know what we be up against . every passenger on this plane who eat fish for dinner will become violently ill within the next half hour . oveur look down at he dinner tray and see skeleton of the fish he just eat . elaine just how serious be it , doctor ? dr . rumack extremely serious . it start with a slight fever . oveur experience what the doctor be describe . dr . rumack then a dryness in the throat . as the virus penetrate the red blood cell the victim become dizzy and begin to experience a rash and itching . from there the poison work its way into the central nervous system cause severe muscle spasm , follow by the inevitable drool . at this point , the entire digestive system be render useless , cause the complete collapse of the lower bowel , accompany by uncontrollable flatulence ... until finally the poor bastard be reduce to a quivering , waste piece of jelly . oveur pass out and pitch forward onto the control . rumack and Elaine lose balance as plane dive . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning as plane be diving . int . passenger cabin - night passenger be be toss about . a woman , apply rouge , smear it all over she face . int . cabin - another area - closeup - a plate of jello wiggling . camera pan up to braless woman whose breast be wiggling . int . cockpit - night as they finally untangle oveur from the wheel , he gain semi-consciousness . oveur ( gasp ) turn...on ... automatic pilot . oveur pass out . elaine uh , automatic pilot ... automatic pilot ? insert - elaine's Pov - control panel - night elaine be frantically search for automatic pilot button . elaine there it be ! insert - switch marked " automatic pilot " Elaine 's hand tenuously reach for and turn switch to " on " . int . cockpit - CO - pilot' seat - night SOUND of rush air as instantly inflatable balloon pilot take shape in seat with hand on wheel . his uniform and cap be paint on , and he have a alert " leave the drive to we " expression on he face . the plane immediately regains level flight , and Elaine and rumack sigh in relief . dr . rumack I will get back to the passenger . rumack exit . mccroskey ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) come in two - zero-niner . this be Chicago . Flight two - zero-niner , come in , please . Elaine pick up mike while still stand . elaine this be Elaine dickinson . I be the stewardess . Captain oveur be pass out on the floor , and we have lose the co-pilot and navigator , too . we be in terrible trouble . over . oveur ( o.s. ) groan ! mccroskey ( v.o. ) Elaine ! Roger , Roger ! I read you . this be Steve mccroskey at Chicago Air Control . elaine hi , Steve ! mccroskey ( v.o. ) now listen carefully . be the automatic pilot on ? over . elaine yes . yes , it be . over . oveur ( o.s. ) huh ? mccroskey ( v.o. ) very good . now , Elaine , where be you ? over . elaine I be stand over oveur . over . int . chicago dispatch - night mccroskey ( into mike ) all right , Elaine . just hold on . we will be back to you in a minute . camera pull back to reveal dispatch be a beehive of activity . the Chief dispatcher , steve mccroskey , be bark order to AIR controller # 1 . mccroskey hold all takeoff . I do not want another plane in the air . when the 508 report , bring it straight in . Air Controller # 1 exit quickly . mccroskey pick up phone . mccroskey put out a general bulletin to suspend all meal service on flight out of Los Angeles . he hang up phone and talk to AIR controller # 2 . mccroskey tell all dispatcher to remain at they post . it 's go to be a long night . Air Controller # 2 exit . mccroskey notice he be out of coffee and turn to AIR controller hinshaw . mccroskey and how about some coffee , johnny ? hinshaw no thanks . AIR controller # 3 enter . mccroskey I want the weather on every landing field on this side of the Rockies , no matter what the size . Air Controller # 3 exit . AIR controller # 4 enter . mccroskey do you understand ? Air Controller # 4 exit . AIR controller # 5 enter . mccroskey any place where there 's a chance to land this plane . Air Controller # 5 exit . siamese twins enter . mccroskey Stan , go upstairs to the tower and get a runway diagram . Terry , check down on the field for emergency equipment . siamese twin leave . in the b.g. we see they try to walk in opposite direction . Air Controller # 1 enter . AIR controller # 1 Chief , there 's fog down to the deck everywhere east of the Rockies . there 's no possible place they can land . they will have to come through to Chicago . mccroskey look like I pick the wrong week to quit smoking . he light up a cigarette . mccroskey walk toward a table and lean on he hand . mccroskey I want the best available man on this . a man who know this plane inside and out and will not crack under pressure . hinshaw how about sal mineo ? mccroskey get I rex Kramer ! ext . airplane - night lightn and thunder . int . cockpit - night Elaine be in the pilot 's seat and the inflate automatic pilot be in co-pilot 's seat . mccroskey ( v.o. ) now , Elaine , right next to the throttle be the air speed gauge . what speed do it indicate ? elaine Three hundred twenty mile per hour . insert - AIR speed gauge back to scene we see , but Elaine do not notice , the automatic pilot very slowly beginning to deflate . mccroskey ( v.o. ) good . now check you altitude . that 's the dial just below and to the right of the air speed indicator . elaine thirty - five thousand foot . insert - altimater altitude be drop . back to scene elaine no , wait . now it say thirty - four thousand foot . it 's drop ! it 's drop fast ! why be it do that ? by now the automatic pilot be really slump over as it be quite deflate . it be stare at she with a half smile . Elaine notice it . elaine oh , my God ! the automatic pilot ! it 's deflate ! mccroskey ( v.o. ) all right , Elaine , do not worry . we have a auxiliary inflation system . just follow my instruction . elaine okay , but please hurry ! we be drop fast ! int . passenger cabin - night passenger be be toss about . rumack be examine a female patient . dr . rumack what the hell 's go on up there ? rumack start toward cockpit . int . cockpit - night mccroskey ( v.o. ) now , Elaine , do not panic . on the belt line of the automatie pilot there be a hollow tube . can you see that ? elaine yes . yes , I can see it . mccroskey ( v.o. ) good . now that 's the manual inflation nozzle . pull it out and blow it up like a balloon . Elaine kneel over automatic pilot 's crotch , put tube in she mouth and blow . Automatic pilot inflate . rumack burst into cockpit . rumack's Pov back of automatic pilot with Elaine kneel over its crotch . int . passenger cabin - outside of cockpit - night rumack slam the door in disbelief . closeup - automatic pilot with a big smile on its face . int . passenger cabin - another area - night passenger be relieved as plane regains level flight . ext . airplane - through cockpit window - night Elaine and automatic pilot be relaxed in they seat . both be smoking cigarettes . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . cockpit - night rumack enter . dr . rumack Elaine , you be a member of this crew . can you face some unpleasant fact ? elaine no . dr . rumack all right . unless I can get all this people to a hospital quickly , I can not even be sure of save they life . now , be there anyone else on board who can land this plane ? elaine well ... int . passenger cabin - night striker , struggle with drink problem , pour drink between he cheek and ear . int . cockpit - night elaine no . no one that I know of . dr . rumack I think you ought to know what we chance be . the life of everyone on board depend on just one thing : find someone back there who not only can fly this plane , but who do not have fish for dinner . camera zoom into closeup of Elaine 's face as she realize the severity of the situation . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . passenger cabin - night passenger be listen to p.a. elaine ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , this be you stewardess speak . we regret any inconvenience the sudden cabin movement might have cause . Randy drag unconscious pilot , oveur , down center aisle . elaine ( v.o. ) this be due to periodic air pocket we encounter . there be no reason to become alarmed , and we hope you enjoy the rest of you flight . by the way , be there anyone on ­board who know how to fly a plane ? absolute pandemonium . passenger be yell , scream , tear they hair out and climb around . a naked woman run down the aisle . sister Mary be choke a krishna . two passenger be dueling with sword . a Spanish -speak lady wait for she husband to translate the announcement , then panic . int . kramer' house SOUND of car screeching to a stop . paul carey , twenty - four year - old , cleancut , naive -look , navigator trainee enter and push doorbell . we hear the typical eight - note chime progression . the chime then play the Air Force fight song . a dog bark and mrs . kramer open the door . carey hello , I be Paul carey from the airline . I be here to pick up Captain Kramer . mrs . kramer oh , yes . come in , Paul . rex will be right out . int . kramer' house - night when carey enter , a big dog jump on he with its paw on he chest . mrs . kramer Shep , sit ... sit ! so , I understand you have get a real emergency down there . carey ( hold off dog ) well , to tell the truth , they really do not fill I in on many of the detail . just tell I to pick up Captain Kramer . mrs . kramer something about a plane with no pilot ? carey begin to lose battle with the dog , while try to remain polite . carey yeah , something like that , but as I say , they do not have time to tell I very much . mrs . kramer Shep , no ! I will bet you have exciting thing happen all the time down there . Shep be growl and carey 's arm be lock firmly in he jaw . carey well ... the airline business ... do have ... its moment ... Shep pin carey against the wall , rip he sleeve . carey ... but after ... awhile ... you begin to ... ( gasp ) ... get use to it . mrs . kramer Shep , no ! he get so excited when new people be here . we hear a thud and loud growl . mrs . kramer be you a pilot yourself ? carey be on the floor desperately fight off the dog , which be on top of he . carey I be ... in a...argh ... navigator training program . kramer enter , buttone he coat . kramer it 's unbelievable ! how many time have I warn that people about food inspection ? Kramer be tie he tie in the mirror . in the corner of the mirror , carey be be thrash by the dog . kramer the airport management , the f.a.a. , and the airline , they be all cheat and liar ! all right , let 's get out of here . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . passenger cabin - night Randy be talk to krishnas . randy sorry to bother you . we be just look for someone with fly experience . Randy exit . they return to read they playrama magazine with a female hari krishna in a sexy pose on the cover . hari krishna # 1 hari rama ? hari krishna # 2 rama rama . int . passenger cabin - another area - night striker be sit next to a man from india in a business suit and turban . striker you see , the day we leave the village it be raining , so we have to take a special jeep to the main road ... the indian be dousing himself with a can of gasoline . in b.g. Randy be talk to passenger . striker in fact , we be lucky to even get a jeep since just the day before the only one we have break down -- it have a bad axle ... the indian light a match to immolate himself . Randy approach . randy Excuse I , sir . there 's be a little problem in the cockpit and I be wonder ... striker the cockpit ? what be it ? randy it 's the little room at the front of the plane where the pilot sit . but that 's not important right now . the first officer be ill and the Captain would like someone with fly experience to help he with the radio . do you know anything about plane ? the indian hold the match , await the outcome . striker well , I fly in the war , but that be a long time ago . I would not know anything about it . randy would you go up , please ? he have a moment of indecision . the indian encourage striker with a adamant nod . striker get up to leave . the indian , relieved , blow out the match . int . passenger cabin - another area - night Jack be sit across the aisle from a 65 - year - old con­servatively dress spinster . he pull a flask from he coat pocket and take a swig . she eye he dis­approvingly . jack would ya like a little whiskey , mar 'am ? spinster ( insulted ) certainly not . she insert a two inch straw in she nose and snort a couple line of cocaine off a piece of glass . int . cockpit - night striker enter . striker ( to rumack and Randy ) the stewardess say ... striker' Pov empty pilot 's seat and inflate automatic pilot . striker both pilot ! dr . rumack can you fly this airplane and land it ? striker surely you can not be serious . dr . rumack I be serious , and do not call I shirley ! what fly experience have you have ? striker well , I fly single - engine fighter in the Air Force , but this plane have four engine . it 's a entirely different kind of fly ... all together !!! randy / rumack ( all together ) it 's a entirely different kind of fly . striker besides , I have not touch any ­kind of plane in six year . dr . rumack mister striker . I know nothing about fly . all I know be this : you be the only person on this plane who can possibly fly it . you be the only chance we have get . dramatic music as striker turn to face the control . striker' Pov camera pan control . camera keep panning and panning as we see more and more control ad absurdum . ext . lax passenger loading area - night insert meter - $ ll5.25 . the businessman in striker 's cab check he watch . int . chicago dispatch - night mccroskey ( to Air Controller ) tell omaha to acknowledge and standby . ( into phone ) get every piece of emergency equipment you can reach . ( to Air Controller ) alert at every mile of the way from here to the mountain . hinshaw grab Air Controller # 1 's tummy . hinshaw would anyone care for a roll and coffee ? phone ring . AIR controller # 2 Chief ? mccroskey we will need a pre-land flight check . tell them I be in the dispatch office and I want it here fast . AIR controller # 2 it 's you wife . mccroskey ( into phone ) I want the kid in bed by nine . I want the dog feed , the yard water , and the gate lock . and get a note to the milkman -- no more cheese ! he slam dowm the phone . he lean he hand on the desk . mccroskey where the hell be Kramer ? on the wall behind he there be a picture of mccroskey lean he hand on a desk . int . car - night Kramer and a mutilate carey be en route to airport . Kramer be at the wheel . through rear window be obvious rear projection of pass road . kramer ( into phone ) no , we can not do that ; the risk of a flameout be too great . keep he 24,000 . no , foot ! he hang up phone . kramer one of the passenger be go to land that plane . carey be that possible ? kramer possible , but it 's a hundred to one shot . thousand to one . I know this guy . carey you do ? who be it ? we hear a thunk . rear projection show he have run oyer a bicyclist , who stand and give the finger . kramer his name be Ted striker . I fly with he during the war . and that will not make my job any easier tonight . rear projection speed up to obvious fast motion . kramer Ted striker be a crack flight leader up to a point . but he be one of that man who , well , let 's just say he feel too much inside . maybe you know the kind . now rear projection indicate car be turn and then weaving , but Kramer do not move wheel . kramer it take a certain type to perform under pressure . striker do not have it . by now rear projection be cowboy and Indians on horseback chase and shoot at Kramer 's car . kramer ate he heart out over every name on the casualty list . the upshot of it be that he go all to piece on one particular mission . let 's just hope it do not happen again tonight . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . cockpit - night striker be in pilot 's seat . rumack be stand behind he . striker let 's see , altitude twenty - four thousand foot , level flight , air speed four hundred sixty knot , course zero niner zero , trim , mixture , landing gear , balance . Elaine enter . elaine Ted ! what be you do ? you can not fly this plane ! striker that 's what I have be try to tell this people . dr . rumack Elaine , I have not time to put this gently , so I will be very direct . everyone of we on this plane be in a desperate situation . mister striker be the only hope we have get . striker let 's see . that be the flap , that 's the thrust , this must turn on the landing light . he flip a switch . the plane dive . ext . airplane - night the plane be diving . int . lavatory - jack Jack be stand at toilet . he be jolted back and forth against the wall . insert - sign flash : return to seat gobacken sidonna int . cockpit night striker ( into mike ) mayday ! int . chicago dispatch - night striker ( v.o. ) mayday ! mayday ! mccroskey ( surprised ) mayday ? what the hell be that for ? hinshaw it 's the Russian New Year ! we will have a parade ! they will serve hot hor d'oeuvre ! int . cockpit - night striker flip switch and rights plane . ext . airplane - night level flight . int . cockpit - night mccroskey ( v.o. ) two -zero -niner , be you okay up there ? striker yeah , I be just try out the landing light . Elaine and rumack exchange glance . int . passenger cabin - night mrs . hammen I have get to get out of here ! I can not stand it ! I have get to get out of here ! Randy push up and shake Mrs. hammen by the shoulder . randy calm down . get hold of yourself ! jack stewardess , let I handle this . Randy leave , Jack shake Mrs. hammen by the shoulder . jack get hold of yourself ! get hold of yourself ! dr . rumack ( to Jack ) get back to you seat ; I will take care of this . Jack leave ; rumack shake Mrs. hammen by the shoulder . dr . rumack calm down . calm down . get hold of yourself ! sister angelina tap rumack on the shoulder . sister angelina ( to rumack ) Doctor , you be want on the phone . sister angelina start shaking Mrs. hammen . sister angelina everything will be all right . please get hold of yourself . we see a line of passenger behind sister angelina wait to shake Mrs. hammen . ext . airfield - sign - night read : chicago INTERNATIONAL airport over 16 billion plane land int . terminal build - night as Kramer rush through the lobby , he be approach by a series of religious zealot . in quick succession he deck each one karate style , shoot the last zealot twenty foot away with a .44 Magnum . int . terminal build - long shot - night p.a. # 1 ( v.o. ) you attention , please . Flight four-one - seven now depart the B concourse , gate six . p.a. # 2 ( v.o. ) you attention , please . Flight twenty - seven now arrive the B concourse , gate six . there be a loud crash , and the scene shake . int . chicago dispatch - night AIR controller # 1 ( into phone ) this guy do the fly have no airline experience at all . he will be a menace to himself and everything else in the air ... ( he pause to listen ) ... yes , bird too . Kramer enter , pick up clipboard , and read it . mccroskey ( into phone ) okay , okay . he 's a terrible risk , but what other choice have we get ? mccroskey hang up phone . mccroskey well , that 's the whole story , rex , everything we know . kramer all right , Steve , let 's face a few fact . Kramer whip off he sunglass . underneath be another pair of sunglass . kramer as you know , I fly with this man , striker , during the war . he will have enough on he mind without remember that day when -- well , when thing be not so good . mccroskey well , right now thing be not so good . and while we be talk there be a hundred and thirty - eight life wait on we for a decision . kramer let I tell you something , Steve . striker be a top-notch squadron leader -- a long time ago ... a spear slam into the wall behind Kramer . kramer ... but my feel be that when the go get rough upstairs tonight , Ted striker 's gonna fold up . mccroskey look , rex -- I want you to get on the horn and talk this guy down ! you be go to have to let he get the feel of this airplane on the way ; you will have to talk he onto the approach ; and so help I , you will have to talk he right down to the ground ! a watermelon fall from top of frame , splattering on the table . kramer very well then . put striker on the speaker . mccroskey okay , you can use the radio over there . look like I pick the wrong week to quit drink . he pull a flask trom the drawer and take a swig . int . chicago dispatch - night Kramer at dispatch radio . he pick up mike . kramer striker , striker , this be Captain rex Kramer speak . mccroskey join Kramer at dispatch radio . int . cockpit - night dramatic music as we see striker 's ominous look of recognition . striker ( dramatically ) yes , Captain Kramer . read you loud and clear . int . dispatch - night Kramer sit at the mike . a Air Controller be stand next to he , but only he mid-section be in frame . kramer all right . it 's obvious you remember I . the Air Controller be scratch he behind . kramer so what do you say you and I just forget about everything except what we have to do now ? the Air Controller be now scratch he crotch . kramer you and I be go to bring this plane in together . the Air Controller 's hand be now inside he pants straighten out he underwear . kramer before we start , I would like to say something . I know that right now thing must look pretty rough up there . the Air Controller be now hopping around with both hand inside he pants . kramer but if you do what I tell you , when I tell you to do it , there 's no reason you can not bring that plane in . int . cockpit - night striker let 's not kid each other , Kramer . you know I have never fly a bucket like this . I be go to need all the luck there be . int . chicago dispatch - night kramer stand by , striker . ( to mccroskey ) the one hope we have be to build this man up . I have get to give he all the confidence I can . ( into microphone ) all right , striker , have you ever fly a multi-engine plane before ? striker ( v.o. ) no. never . kramer shit ! int . cockpit - night striker over hear conversation on radio . kramer ( v.o. ) this be a goddamn waste of time . there 's no way he can land this plane ! Route them into Lake Michigan and at least avoid kill innocent people ! int . chicago dispatch - night mccroskey grab hold of yourself ! you have get to talk they down . you be the only chance they have get ! Kramer light cigarette . kramer ( into mike ) all right , striker , now you listen to I and you listen close . Flying be no different than riding a bicycle ... it just happen to be a lot harder to put baseball card in the spoke . now , if you just follow my instruction ... int . cockpit - night two vulture be sit on back of striker 's seat . kramer ( v.o. ) ... there 's no reason why you should not have complete confidence in you chance to come out of this thing alive and in one piece . int . chicago dispatch - night kramer first , I want you to familiarize yourself with the control . later we will run through the landing procedure . Kramer take a last drag on he cigarette and toss it out the window . mccroskey plug he ear with he finger and duck as though Kramer have throw a grenade . there be a explosion o.s . kramer all right . now I would like you to disengage the automatic pilot . but watch any violent movement of the control , like you use to make in spitfire and phantom . int . cockpit - night striker ( into microphone ) okay , I be go to unlock the automatic pilot . striker switch off automatic pilot button . Automatic pilot shoot upward out of the seat . Elaine be throw to the floor . striker struggle desperately to control the plane . ext . airplane - night fly erratically . int . cockpit - night kramer ( v.o. ) ( matter of factly ) just remember , the control will feel very heavy compare to a fighter . striker be fight the wheel and the autopilot which be drift in he way . finally , he throw the autopilot to the rear of the cockpit . kramer ( v.o. ) do not worry about that . it 's perfectly normal . you must watch you airspeed closely . do not let it fall below 520 . both you rudder pedal and elevator trim will have additional play due to increase drag , but you can compensate by lowering manifold pressure below 154 . now there 's one other thing . have you someone up there who can work the radio and leave you free for fly ? striker yes ! the stewardess be here with I ! Elaine rise . the autopilot be on she back , its hand cling to she breast . she remove it and seat it at engineer 's console . kramer ( v.o. ) have she take the co-pilot 's seat . Elaine take she seat as striker regains control of the plane . he hand Elaine the mike . striker the radio 's all yours now . and keep a eye on that number three engine . it 's run a little hot . insert - number three engine gauge a little hot be blink . back to int . cockpit - night kramer ( v.o. ) striker , what kind of weather be you in up there ? elaine ( into microphone ) rain . striker and a little ice . elaine and a little ice ! kramer ( v.o. ) how 's it handle ? striker sluggish . like a wet sponge . elaine ( into microphone ) sluggish . like a wet sponge . kramer ( v.o. ) ( patronize ) all right , striker , you be do just fine . striker ( to Elaine ) it 's a damn good thing he do not know how much I hate he gut . elaine ( into microphone ) it 's a damn good thing you do not know how much he hate you gut . int . passenger cabin - night a Black dude be hold he stomach in pain . black dude oooooooh . Randy approach . randy can I get something for you ? black dude cain of ' gwine sho fi cun for . randy I be sorry . I do not understand . mrs . schiff , a middle - age woman , be seat behind the Black dude . mrs . schiff oh , stewardess , I can speak jive . he say he 's in great pain and want to know if you can help he . randy tell he to relax and I will be back as quickly as I can with some medicine . Randy exit . mrs . schiff shi gwine man chitlun down for mo sho . black dude ( indignantly ) shi man I ain neba mo of gwine ain . they engage in a argument in jive talk , with Mrs. schiff get the best of it . she swagger off in typical black dude fashion . int . passenger cabin - night sister angelina be sing to the krishnas . sister angelina '... I sit by the telephone for hour . I love when man send I flower . I enjoy be a girl . ' int . passenger cabin - night Jack be comforting a ail shirley . she be pervspire . jack how ya do , honey ? shirley oh Jack , I be so warm . I be burn up . jack here . he reach up and open the overhead air nozzle . Air rush out with hurricane force . as Jack struggle to turn off nozzle , shirley be blow about , a adjacent passenger 's papers go fly from a briefcase , a hari krishna 's toga fly up revealing polka dot boxer short . a extra 's toupe fly off . int . passenger cabin - night soft music . milton after my wife die , I feel like a fifth wheel . you know , so many year be with one person -- a very wonderful person -- make you always think of yourself as part of a pair ... when ethel pass away , I be lose . I could not function socially and I could not function in business . bernice well , after a thing like that you would not be expect to . milton but I think it 's time we stop talk about I . a woman like you -- why have not you ever marry ? bernice well , I be afraid that 's a question that 's all too easy to answer . milton I know the answer -- career . a smart woman like you become so involved in you work , you do not have time for marriage . bernice I wish I could fool myself into believe that that 's the reason . the truth of the matter be , nobody ever ask I . milton you know , here we be have coffee together , and discuss education and business and economy ... and we do not even know each other 's name ... full name I mean . bernice mine 's Eleanor . Eleanor schiff . milton that 's a lovely name . mine 's milton ... milt ettenhenim . but my friend call I ' bubbles . ' int . passenger cabin - night Randy approach Mrs. schiff . randy would you care for a soft drink ? mrs . schiff I would be glad to . Randy hand a large bottle of coca cola wrap in a baby blanket to Ms. schiff , who cradle it in she arm . mrs . schiff ooooh , such a nice soft drink . int . o'hare weather CENTER - closeup on typewriter camera pull out to reveal dispatcher type message . radio ( v.o. ) National weather service report omaha fogge in . visibility zero . the dispatcher attempt to remove the message , but it be stick in the cartridge . he yank on it , but the paper stretch out like rubber . the scene now become like a cartoon . he lodge he foot against the typewriter and pull until the paper stretch to he face . he grumble in Donald duck voice . the typewriter snap back and hit he . int . chicago dispatch - night mccroskey ( to Air Controller # 2 ) macias , get I Captain oveur 's wife on the phone . we would better let she know what 's go on . Air Controller # 1 rush in hold a piece of paper and hand it to mccroskey . AIR controller # 1 Steve , this weather bulletin just come off the wire . mccroskey frown and hand it to hinshaw . mccroskey johnny , what can you make out of this ? hinshaw this ? why , I could make a hat or a broach ... mccroskey grab the note from he . int . bedroom - night mrs . oveur be in bed . phone on night table ring . she reach for it sleepily . mrs . oveur hello ? AIR controller # 2 ( v.o. ) missus oveur ? mrs . oveur yes , this be missus oveur . AIR controller # 2 ( v.o. ) this be Ed macias call from the airport . there 's some trouble on you husband 's flight . shot widen to reveal she be sleep with a horse . AIR controller # 2 ( v.o. ) we do not know how serious it be yet , but Harry ballard think you would want to get down here right away . mrs . oveur I will be right down . she hang up the phone and rise . mrs . oveur I have get to go to the airport . you can let yourself out the back door . there 's juice in the refrigerator . horse ( sounding like Mr. Ed ) do you finish ? be I good ? mrs . oveur oh , you be all so concerned about performance ! ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning ; turbulent weather . int . cabin - night Randy approach Mrs. schiff , who be caring for a drink . randy would you care for another drink ? mrs . schiff no , thank you , I be still nursing this one . she be bottle feed the Coke bottle . mrs . schiff ( to bottle ) there , just a little bit more -- and then burpie time and a good nap ! int . cockpit - night Elaine hang up phone . elaine Doctor rumack say the sick people be get worse and we be run out of time . striker be perspire . striker' thought ( v.o. ) ( echoing ) I have get to concentrate , concentrate , entrate , I have get to concentrate , oncentrate , oncentrate . he become aware of echo . striker' thought ( v.o. ) ( echoing ) Hell , hello , ello , ello , ello , lo , lo . echo , echo , echo , cho , cho , of , of , of , of , o. pinch hit for pedro bourbone , manny mota , mota , mota , mota . ext . airplane - night nose dowm . elaine ( v.o. ) ( hysterically ) Ted , the altitude ! we be fall , we be fall ! insert - gauge indicating dropping altitude ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . Flying nose down . int . passenger cabin - night a woman apply eye makeup , smear it over she face . int . cockpit - night dramatic music as striker be struggle with the conttrol . windshield wiper be move as though direct music . St. Christopher statue be hold a umbrella . striker regains control of the plane . int . cabin another area - night jack ( to rumack ) what 's go on ? we have a right to know the truth ! dr . rumack ( to passenger ) all right . I be go to level with you . the most important thing now be that you should all be calm , because there 's no reason to panic . rumack 's nose elongate slightly . dr . rumack now , it be true that one of the flight crew have be take ill ... slightly ill . his nose be get longer . dr . rumack but the other two pilot be just fine and at the control fly the plane . rumack 's nose be a foot long . dr . rumack the weather in Chicago be clear as a bell , and there 's no reason that we will not land on schedule ... angle passenger listen . his nose grow through frame . dr . rumack ... safe and sound and free to pursue a life of religious fulfillment . int . cockpit - night striker ( into microphone ) Chicago , the passenger be beginning to panic . when do we start down ? int . chicago dispatch - night kramer ( into microphone ) not just yet , we will have you in radar range any second now . ext . o'hare airport - revolving radar antenna - night int . chicago dispatch - night kramer ( to mccroskey ) I do not understand it . he should have be in range ten minute ago . mccroskey ( into microphone ) gunderson , check the radar range . anything yet ? int . radar room gunderson open door of amana radar Range and peer in . there be a turkey inside . gunderson ( into microphone ) about two more minute , Chief . int . chicago dispatch - night mccroskey two more minute ! they could be mile off course . kramer that 's impossible . they be on instrument ! int . cockpit - night Elaine , Randy , rumack , and striker be play trumpet , clarinet , saxophone and bass fiddle in benny goodman swing band style . int . chcicago dispatch - night kramer this be gonna be a real sweat . ( into mike ) gunderson , let I know when you get anything . mccroskey I can not take much more of this ! johnny , how about some more coffee ? hinshaw would you like half of my provolone and roast beef ? mccroskey look like I pick the wrong week to quit amphetamine . he pop a couple pill . Fifteen reporter , cameramen , etc. enter with Air Controller #l . AIR controller # 1 ( to mccroskey ) Steve , this reporter will not leave without a statement . reporter # 1 how much longer can the sick passenger hold out ? mccroskey half hour ... maybe forty - five minute . reporter # 2 who 's fly the plane ? Air Controller # 2 enter and hand mccroskey a note . hand hold microphone be thrust into frame in front of mccroskey . one hand be hold a ice cream cone . mccroskey one of the passenger . but he 's a experience air force pilot who fly during the war so there 's no cause for alarm . hinshaw , take over . mccroskey exit . reporter # 3 have the family be notify ? hinshaw I think Florence Henderson know about it ! reporter # 1 what be the chance of bring this plane in safely ? hinshaw what be the chance of return something to Montgomery Ward the week after Christmas ? reporter # 1 ( beckone to door ) all right , boy . let 's get some picture . Three man with camera enter and begin to remove frame picture from wall . newspaper come off press . superimpose : classic montage of : Series of spin newspaper . camera zoom in to each as it stop spin so that we can read headline . headline be : " chicago time " " disaster loom for airline passengers " " new york tribune " " chicago prepare for crash landing " " national inquirer " " boy trapped in refrigerator eat own foot " camera zoom in to : spinning television set newscaster striken airliner approach Chicago ! dissolve to : arab news set arab newcast . dissolve to : japanese news set japanese newscast . dissolve to : african tv newscast newscaster be a African in native dress with a bone in he nose . there be a graphic of a airplane behind he and he be beat on a hollow log with stick . the camera angle change and he switch to look into new camera , and continue beat . dissolve to : CBS ' sixty minute " point - counterpoint " set jack kilpatrick shana , they buy they ticket , they know what they be get into . I say , let them crash ! dissolve to : ext . CITY STREET - night - ( stock ) scream firetruck , police car , and ambulance . ext . airplane - night lightn and thunder . int . cockpit - night dr . rumack will the hospital equipment be at the airport ? striker yes , everything they have get . how be the passenger do ? dr . rumack I will not deceive you , mister striker . we be run out of time . striker surely there must be something you can do . dr . rumack I be do everything I can ! -- and stop call I shirley ! rumack leave . striker' thought ( v.o. ) I have get to stay calm . if I can just keep my wit about I , I can not mess this one up . elaine's thought ( v.o. ) maybe I have be too harsh with he . if I have give he more support in the beginning , maybe thing would be different . striker' thought ( v.o. ) forget it . it 's not you fault . elaine's thought ( v.o. ) that 's sweet of you , Ted . I appreciate the think . we hear both of they thought simultaneously . striker' elaine's thought ( v.o. ) thought ( v.o. ) you know , Elaine , I just it 's just that I feel so want to tell you ... helpless and ... striker' thought ( v.o. ) go ahead . elaine's thought ( v.o. ) no , no . you be first . int . passenger cabin - another area - night Jack be seat across the aisle from Mrs. hammen . he fall asleep and slump over . mrs . hammen ( hysterically ) he 's dead . he 's dead ! Jack wake up . disgustedly : jack no , I be not dead . int . passenger cabin - another area - night Mrs. schiff be hold the bottle to she shoulder and patting it . it burp . int . passenger cabin - night sister angelina be sing to the two black dude . sister angelina ' what you want , baby I get , what you need , you know I get it . all I be askin ' for be a little respect when you come home . ' int . passenger cabin - stewardess ' alcove - night rumack pour a cup of water . Randy begin to weep . dr . rumack Randy , be you all right ? randy Doctor rumack , I be scared . I have never be so scared . and besides , I be twenty - six and I be not marry . dr . rumack Randy , we be go to make it . you have get to believe that . Mrs. hammen enter alcove . mrs . hammen lorison , do you have any idea when we will be landing ? dr . rumack it will be pretty soon . how be you bear up ? mrs . hammen well , to be honest , I be very scared . but at least I have get a husband . ext . airport - night revolving radar antenna . int . chicago weather CENTER - closeup of typewriter . camera pull out to reveal dispatcher type message . radio ( v.o. ) National weather service report Chicago ceiling zero , visibility one hundred foot . with great care the dispatcher turn the knob on carriage until the paper come out clean . relishing he victory , he talk in Donald duck voice . dispatcher oh boy , oh boy , oh boy . as he start toward the door , the room cave in on he . int . chicago dispatch - night mccroskey and Kramer be at watercooler . mccroskey be fill cup while Kramer drink . mccroskey rex , I have decide that the best thing to do be to foam the runway -- let he do a wheel - up landing . it would be a lot simpler . Kramer throw cup into wastebasket . mccroskey drink . kramer ( fill up another cup ) no , the risk of fire be too great . if she start burn , you write off all that people who can not get out of there on they own power . mccroskey throw cup into wastebasket . Kramer drink . mccroskey ( fill up another cup ) well that 's better than write they all off ? be you go to play God with a hundred and 38 life ? Kramer throw cup into wastebasket as mccroskey drink . kramer ( fill up another cup ) no . a belly landing be not all that simple . it take a good pilot to keep from smearin ' himself all over the runway . mccroskey throw cup into wastebasket as Kramer drink . mccroskey ( fill up another cup ) if striker have the gut to try this , he deserve the best shot we can give he . we have gotta foam that runway . Kramer throw cup into wastebasket as mccroskey drink . kramer ( take another cup ) his only shot 's with the wheel down . I have see foam tear a man 's gut out . mccroskey throw cup into wastebasket . Kramer throw cup into wastebasket . mccroskey and if striker go to piece ? kramer ( take another cup ) that 's a risk we will just have to take . Kramer throw cup into wastebasket . mccroskey throw cup into wastebasket . they burp . int . cockpit - night striker be look at control . lightn be flash on he face . insert - altimeter superimpose fighter plane . then stock footage of early experimental plane crash . voice ( v.o. ) stay in formation . target just ahead . target should be clear it you go in low enough . you will have to decide . ( echoing ) you will have to decide . you will have to decide ... so , decide already . int . cockpit - night sudden dramatic music . the cockpit shake . engine number three be flame out . insert - control panel - gauge for engine # 3 back to scene striker rat ! I have lose number three . elaine what happen , Ted ? what go wrong ? striker oil pressure . I forget to check the oil pressure . when Kramer hear about this , the shit 's gonna hit the fan . int . dispatch - closeup - fan - night the shit hit it . pull back to include : kramer I tell he to watch that oil temperature . what the hell 's he do up there ? he pick up the mike . kramer striker , that plane can not land itself ! it take a pilot who can handle pressure . mccroskey ease up , rex ! he have not fly for year ! it 's not he fault . it could happen to any pilot . hinshaw it happen to Barbara stanwyck ! int . cockpit - night striker he 's right . I can not take the pressure . I be crazy to think I could land this plane . elaine but Ted , you be the only ... striker I do not care . I just do not have what it take . they would be better off with someone who would never fly before . as striker leave he put autopilot into pilot 's seat . Elaine be on the verge of tear . dramatic music . int . dispatch - night Air Controller # 2 enter . AIR controller # 2 bad news . the fog 's get thicker . hinshaw and Liz Taylor be get larger ! mccroskey ya know , this would be a tough landing for anyone to make . maybe , if we hold they off for a bit we will get a break in the weather . kramer all right , but let 's wait until they reach the control area . ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . passenger cabin - night outside stewardess ' alcove . striker fill a cup from drink fountain then pour it on he head . he sit down dejectedly on stewardess ' fold - out seat . rumack approach . striker I know what you be go to say , so save you breath . rumack sit . dr . rumack no . I have not a thing to say . you have do the best you could . you really have . the best you could . I guess we can not expect to win them all . I want to tell you something I have keep to myself for year . I be in the war myself -- the Medical Corps . I be on duty late one night when a badly wounded pilot be bring in from a raid . he could barely talk , but he look at I and he say , " Doc . the odd be against we up there but we go in anyway , and I be glad we do . the captain make the right decision . " the pilot 's name be George Zipp . striker look up . Notre Dame fight song be hear in b.g . striker George Zipp say that ? dr . rumack and the last thing he say to I , " Doc , " he say , " sometime when the crew be up against it and the break be beat the boy , tell they to go out there with all they have get and win just one for the Zipper . I do not know where I will be then , Doc , " he say , " but I will not smell too good . that 's for sure . " striker ( rejuvinate ) Excuse I , Doc , I have get a plane to land . striker boldly start toward cockpit . int . cockpit - night striker enter . Elaine , unaware of he return , be listen to Kramer on the radio . kramer ( v.o. ) all right , you would better stay up there for a bit . as soon as the fog lift , we will bring you in . striker I will take it , Elaine . she turn to face he . a dramatic moment . striker enter pilot seat and take mike from Elaine 's hand . striker listen to I , Kramer . Doctor rumack say the sick people be in critical condition and every minute count . we have get to land now ! kramer ( v.o. ) do not be a fool , striker . you know what a landing like this mean . you more than anybody . I be order you to stay up there ! striker no dice , Chicago . I be give the order , and we be come in ... I guess the foot 's on the other hand now , be not it , Kramer ? int . chicago dispatch - night mccroskey he will never bring it down in this soup . never ! not one chance in a million . kramer I know . I know . but it 's he ship now , he command ; he 's in charge , he 's the boss , the head man , the top dog , the big cheese , the head honcho ... Air Controller # 2 rush up to mccroskey and Kramer , carry a newspaper . AIR controller # 2 Chief , look at this ! Kramer grab newspaper . kramer ( read ) ' passenger certain to die ?!?!?!?!?!' mccroskey ' airline negligent ?!?!?!?!?!' he hand the paper to hinshaw . hinshaw ( look at newspaper ) there 's a sale at penny 's ! mccroskey grab paper from hinshaw . kramer ( to man in dispatch ) all right , I will need three man up in the tower . ( point ) you , neubauer . you , macias . hinshaw I John . Big tree . he put he ear to the ground . hinshaw wagon train come three , maybe four day away . kramer ( into microphone ) stand by , striker . I be go to the tower . and good luck . Kramer exit . mccroskey ( into phone ) we be go to the tower . mccroskey exit . hinshaw ( excitedly ) the tower ! oh! rapunzel ! rapunzel ! ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . passenger cabin - night Randy be talk to passenger and demonstrate . randy in a moment we will ask you to assume crash position . you life jacket be locate under you seat . int . passenger cabin - another area - night Jack and shirley be watch . randy ( v.o. ) remove the jacket and unfold it so that the red arrow point up . int . passenger cabin - another area - night the krishnas be watch . randy ( v.o. ) place the jacket over you head , and when I give the word pull the cord under the leave side flap . back to randy she pull the cord and it inflate into a child 's duck - shape inner tube . int . chicago tower - night hinshaw , Kramer , and mccroskey enter . Three controller be there . one be wear a black stripe shirt . stripe controller we be all ready , sir . as he make introduction , they shake hand . stripe controller Captain mccroskey , this be Captain Roberts . Captain Kramer , this be Captain colosimo . Captain hinshaw , Captain gatz . Captain Kramer , Captain gatz . Captain hinshaw , Captain Roberts . kramer all right . colosimo , you will work the relay . Roberts , double check all air traffic within five mile . Roberts be scratch he ear . kramer and get that finger out of you ear . you do not know where that finger 's be ! gunderson ? gunderson yes , Captain ? kramer do you decide on a runway yet ? gunderson runway niner . it 's the longest , and directly into the wind . hinshaw and the foliage look so pretty this time of year . gunderson exit . kramer ( into mike ) striker , you be go to have to work fast . after this message , do not acknowledge any transmission unless you want to ask a question . do you understand ? striker , striker , do you read I ? int . tower - different angle - night Mrs. oveur enter . mrs . oveur Steve ! mccroskey Linda , you husband and the other be alive but unconscious . hinshaw just like Gerald Ford ! mccroskey now there 's a chance we can save they if striker can get this plane down on time . mrs . oveur that be not much of a chance , be it ? hinshaw ( appal ) where do you get that dress ? it 's a eye - sore ! int . radar room gunderson and a assistant be seat in front of radar screen . one of they be a video anti-aircraft game . gunderson ( into microphone ) eight mile . turn right to head zero eight niner . int . tower - night kramer ( into microphone ) you be now eight mile from the airport . turn right to a head of zero eight niner , throttle back slightly and begin to lose altitude to fifteen hundred foot . elaine ( v.o. ) we be now at twelve hundred foot , leveling off . kramer ( to mccroskey ) Steve , I want every light you can get pour on that field . mccroskey it 's be do right now . ext . airfield - night a truck be dump a variety of lamp , fixture , and light bulb onto the runway . int . tower - night kramer ( into mike ) Tower to all emergency vehicle . runway be niner . ext . airfield - night ambulance , fire truck , and police car start to move . kramer ( v.o. ) ( over p.a. ) Airport vehicle take position one and two . int . tower - night kramer ( into microphone ) civilian equipment , number three . ext . airfield - night ambulance , firetruck , and police car speed toward runway . they be follow by a baggage truck , fuel truck , a taxi , Coke truck , a ice cream truck , farm machinery , and a cement mixer . kramer ( v.o. ) ( over p.a. ) Air Force position number four and five . all ambulance to position three . int . tower - night hinshaw ( into mike ) it 's a twister ! it 's a twister ! toto !... auntie em ! ext . airplane - night thunder and lightning . int . cockpit - night kramer ( v.o. ) all right , striker , put down twenty degree of flap . when you flap be down , retrim for level flight . int . cabin - night passenger be wear headsets and watch in - flight movie . Randy approach Mrs. schiff . mrs . schiff stewardess , how soon ' till we land ? randy it will not be long now . try not to worry . Mrs. schiff put on a headset and watch movie . the movie be airplane crash and burn . ext . airplane - night fly erratically . insert - altimeter fluctuate . int . passenger cabin - night a woman , apply facial makeup , smear it all over she face . int . radar room gunderson he 's all over the place ! nine hundred foot up to thirteen hundred foot ! what a asshole ! int . tower - night kramer watch you altitude , striker . it 's too erratic . you can not come straight in . you have get enough fuel leave for two hour fly . you have get to stay up there ' till we get a break in the weather . int . cockpit striker reach for microphone . striker I will take it , Elaine . ( into mike ) listen , Kramer , I be come in . do you hear I ? I be come in right now ! we have people up here who will die in less than a hour , never mind two . I may bend you precious airplane , but I will get it down ! now get on with the landing check . I be put the gear down now . as he activate landing gear , Randy enter . randy Mr. striker , the passenger be ready . striker thank you , Randy . you better leave sweetheart . you might get hurt in here . Randy leave . there be a crash and Randy scream . elaine Ted ... striker yes ? elaine I want you to know -- now -- I be very proud . striker tell they the gear be down and we be ready to land . elaine ( into mike ) the gear be down . int . tower elaine ( v.o. ) and we be ready to land . mccroskey he may not be able to fly , but he 's sure get gut . Kramer nod . ext . lax passenger loading area - businessman - night in striker 's cab cheek he watch . businessman well , I will give he another twenty minute , but that 's it . insert - meter read $ 389.10 . ext . airplane - night fog , thunder , and lightning . int . passenger cabin - night milton I be sure we will both make it ... but just in case one of we ... well , be there a message you would like I to give someone ? bernice no. I be all alone . milton just in case I do not have a chance to say goodbye , I want you to know that I have not spend so many pleasant hour for many year . bernice that 's a very nice compliment , and I would like to say that ... you have do the same for I . int . cockpit - night Dr. rumack poke he head in the door . dr . rumack I just want to tell you both good luck . we be all count on you . int . tower - night kramer now , striker ... hold you present head , put down full flap , bring you air speed back to a hundred and thirty - five , then I want you to take hold of the throttle ... hinshaw and stick it in you ear . kramer and stick it in you ear . mccroskey give hinshaw a disapprove look . hinshaw ( a la frogsy , the gremlin ) I will be good , I will , I will . int . radar room gunderson Captain , he 's drop off fast . almost seven hundred . int . tower kramer striker , get back to a thousand foot ! int . radar room Assistant radar Operator unload clothes from radar screen / wash machine door and put they into basket . gunderson he 's below seven hundred now and he 's still go down ! 675 ! 650 ! 625 ! 600 ! ext . airplane - night it knock the radio tower off a building and head past the John hancock Building . int . tower - night kramer striker , you be come in too low ! what 's you altitude ? striker ( v.o. ) I do not know . how high be the eighty - ninth floor of the John hancock Building ? int . radar room gunderson he 's right on the head . int . tower - night kramer all right , he 's on final now ! put out all runway light except niner . ext . airfield - night ambulance attendant , firemen , and emergency vehicle be in readiness . int . tower - night kramer turn on you landing light , striker . it 's the switch above you right knee . int . cockpit - night striker reach for button above he leave knee . kramer ( v.o. ) no . I say you right knee . striker push button over he right knee . ext . airplane - night landing light come on . int . tower - night mccroskey , Kramer , and Mrs. oveur be nervously watch the sky . kramer all right , now just listen carefully . you should be able to see the runway at three hundred foot . Mrs. oveur clutches Kramer 's arm anxiously . kramer aim to touchdown a third of the way along . there 's a slight crosswind from the right , so be ready for it . Mrs. oveur be clutching Kramer 's arm with both hand . kramer if you land too fast , use you emergency brake . the red handle be right in front of you . now Mrs. oveur , still watch the sky , have both arm around Kramer 's waist , massage he chest with she hand . kramer if that do not stop you ... Kramer be suddenly aware of what Mrs. oveur be do . he give she a look and she remove she hand . kramer if that do not stop you , cut the four ignition switch over the co-pilot 's head . int . cockpit - night striker look for switch . insert - ignition switch int . cockpit striker see they , Elaine ? elaine uh-huh . int . tower - night kramer do you see we now ? you should be able to see the field now . ext . airplane - through cockpit window - night striker and Elaine be search for airfield . int . tower - night Kramer and mccroskey be tensely try to spot plane . Mrs. oveur be watch , prayerfully . ext . airfield - night searchlight scan field . ext . tower - night revolving beacon search . int . tower - night mccroskey it sure be quiet out there . kramer yeah -- too quiet . mccroskey look like I pick the wrong week to quit sniff glue . he pull a tube of airplane glue from he shirt pocket and sniff . ext . airplane - through cockpit window - night striker and Elaine be search for airfield . int . tower - night Kramer and Mrs. oveur be anxiously watch the sky . mccroskey be glaze . kramer ( excited ) there he be ! ( into microphone ) striker , you be come in too fast ! striker ( v.o. ) I know ! I know ! elaine ( v.o. ) ( into microphone ) he know ! he know ! mccroskey wow ! ext . runway - striker be Pov - night int . tower - night kramer ( into microphone ) sound you alarm bell now . int . cockpit - night Elaine ring alarm bell . int . passenger cabin - night alarm bell ring . Randy be stand in center aisle . randy all right , now , everybody get in crash position . passenger assume various awkward pose as though plane have just crash . ext . airfield - night ambulance attendant anxiously watch sky . int . cockpit - night ( process ) striker see airport and point it out to Elaine . insert - AIR speed gauge speed be increase . int . cockpit - night elaine airspeed one twenty - five , one thirty ... she raise she head to look out cockpit window . ext . runway - elaine's Pov - night ( stock ) the runway light go out . int . cockpit - night striker and Elaine look at each other , panicked . int . tower - night hinshaw have just pull a plug from a electrical outlet . hinshaw just kid ! ext . runway - elaine's Pov - night runway light go back on . int . cockpit - night striker and Elaine be relieved . elaine ... one thirty - five , one forty . int . tower - night kramer striker , now listen to I . you be come down too fast ! int . cockpit - night striker be struggle with steering wheel and sweat . kramer ( v.o. ) put down thirty degree of flap ! striker be sweat profusely as he struggle in vain with the flap switch . striker it 's stick . it will not move ! he bang the control panel and " tilt " light up . int . tower - night mccroskey be stare at radio equipment . kramer bring it down ! easy ! mccroskey look at all that button ! oh that 's beautiful ! just beautiful ! ext . runway - striker be Pov - night int . cockpit - night kramer ( v.o. ) watch you nose ! it 's too low ! striker be struggle with wheel . the wheel begin to fight back , push striker . kramer ( v.o. ) you be come in too hot ! int . tower - night kramer remember you brake and switch ! get ready to flare it out ! you be come in too fast ! watch you speed ! mccroskey ( hysterical ) he 's come right at we ! mccroskey turn and leap through tower window . all activity momentarily stop . everyone look back at window . then activity resume . kramer you be come in too hot ! put down full flap ! watch you nose ! ext . runway - striker be Pov - night runway swerving underneath he . int . tower - night kramer now ease she down ! down ! ext . runway - night plane be a few foot from ground . int . tower - night kramer lift the nose ! throttle back ! ext . runway - striker be Pov - night closer to ground . int . cockpit - night striker push wheel forward as tire screech . int . tower - night kramer the brake ! pull the red handle ! int . cockpit - night striker pull red handle . it come off in he hand . he push brake with foot . ext . runway - closeup - tire - night screeching . int . cockpit - night Dr. rumack poke he head in the door . dr . rumack I just want to tell you both good luck . we be all count on you . ext . runway - striker be Pov - night runway pass underneath . int . tower - night kramer ( into microphone ) hold she steady , hold she steady ! ext . runway - plane - night skid . int . o'hare terminal build - gate 7 - night p.a. system ( v.o. ) you attention , please . tran american Flight 209 non-stop from Los Angeles be now arrive at Gate seven ... Gate eight ... people in Gate seven wait area move to Gate eight . int . cockpit - striker - night be struggle with control , sweat profusely . int . tower kramer pull a lever ! ext . runway - plane - night skid . int . cockpit - striker - night be struggle with control . Water be gush down he face ridiculously . int . o'hare terminal build - gate 13 - night p.a. system ( v.o. ) ...209 arrive gate thirteen ... gate fourteen .... gate fifteen ... people in Gate thirteen move to Gate fourteen . ext . runway - plane - night skid . int . tower - night kramer push a button ! int . cockpit - striker - night striker be struggle with control . int . tower - night kramer ( into microphone ) you be too low ! you be too low ! int . o'hare terminal build - night p.a. system ( v.o. ) ... gate twenty - three ... twenty four ... twenty -five ... people be run through frame right to leave . ext . runway - night Ground crewman with red flashlight nonchalantly direct plane . suddenly he realize the plane be not stop . he throw he flashlight at the plane and run off , terrify . ext . runway - plane - night skid . int . passenger cabin - night Randy approach a passenger in crash position . randy can we help arrange hotel accommodation or a rent -a- car during you stay in Chicago ? ext . runway - night landing gear snap off ; plane start to slide on its belly . plane be head toward a building . on the side of the building be a billboard with a man drink milk . int . cockpit - night Elaine scream and cover she face . St. Christopher statue cover its face . ext . runway - plane - night be get closer to building . billboard man be look at plane , terrify . int . tower - mrs . oveur - night be scream . ext . runway - plane - night be skid . int . tower - night hinshaw ( seat in wheelchair ) wheel I to the West wing . I wish to view the dega . ext . runway - plane - night skid to a stop . int . tower - night Kramer sigh in relief as controller and Mrs. oveur dash from room . int . chicago dispatch - night controller celebrate safe landing , reporter rush from room . int . dispatch lobby - night five reporter run into bank of phone booth and the booth topple over . ext . runway - night scream ambulance race toward plane . int . passenger cabin - night passenger rise slowly , shake but uninjured . milton and bernice look at each other , relieved , and embrace . Mrs. schiff get up to leave . int . cockpit - night rumack poke he head in door . dr . rumack I just want to tell you both good luck . we be all count on you . striker and Elaine get up to leave cockpit . kramer ( v.o. ) striker , striker , be you all right ? striker ( into microphone ) yeah , we be okay . int . tower - night kramer Ted , that be probably the lousiest landing in the history of this airport . but there be some of we here ... int . cockpit - night kramer ( v.o. ) ... particularly I , who would like to buy you a drink and shake you hand . striker and Elaine leave . kramer ( v.o. ) ... and , Ted , I just want you to know , that when the go get tough up there , when the chip be down ... int . passenger cabin - boarding area - night Randy be assist Jack and shirley , the hammen , and the nun from the plane . randy hurry now . please be careful . int . tower - night Air controller leave as Kramer continue . kramer ... lonliness , that 's the bottom line . I be never happy as a child . Christmas , Ted , what do it mean to you ? for I , it be a live hell . do you know what it 's like to fall in the mud and get kick ? in the head ? by a iron boot ? of course you do not . no one do . that never happen . sorry , ted. Dumb question . Strike that . int . passenger cabin - boarding area - night Randy be assist hari krishnas and Black dude from plane . ext . runway - night mccroskey , dress in wet suit and flipper and oxygen tank be move as though swim under water . mccroskey ( v.o. ) I do not know that the electric eel be approach so rapidly nor that hide in the coral reef be a family of poisonous sea urchin . ext . runway - night Lisa Davis and she mother enter ambulance . it pull from frame . we hear a loud screech and crash . int . cockpit - night Kramer be still dron on . kramer ( v.o. ) ( into mike ) ... and they shall be for frontlet between thine eye , Ted . neither they man servant , nor they may servant , nor thine ox , nor thine ass . ext . runway - night romantic music . striker and Elaine be alone on the runway . behind they be flight 209 . they embrace and kiss as camera arc around . music swell . suddenly the engine rev up . astonish , they look up to the cockpit . ext . cockpit - night Automatic pilot be at control . he salute striker and Elaine and wink at camera . ext . runway - night the plane begin to taxi on its belly , shoot off spark and make a tremendous scraping SOUND . Arm in arm , striker and Elaine wave good - bye as the plane take off into the night sky . fade out .