airplane 2 : the sequel written by Ken finkleman second draft February 18 , 1982 fade in : ext . jungle - day a machete slashes into frame . a american in batter fedora and leather jacket , accompany by two gunbearer , hack he way through dense bush . we see he from the back only . he hack a open , bat fly out at camera and the bush part , revealing huge overgrown stone letter -- the mayan ruin look -- that spell " airplane ii . " ext . gantry - night the Jupiter shuttle stand ready to fly . super : houston , 2002 int . mission control room - stock footage of Houston Control with appropriate jargon v.o. int . terminal - wide angle stock shot of a crowded modern terminal . p.a . all lunar departure , please proceed to concourse lounge ' B . ' ext . terminal - stock footage - night of heavy traffic at lax . angle on terminal door a number of man in futuristic-looking mining outfit , carry futuristic gear , unload a truck with a corporate logo that read : trx deep space resource management . p.a. attention , all pulsar four mining personnel . the miner look up . p.a. please report to the resource expedition office , level seven . two miner head to terminal door and pass four nun , who bid farewell to father o'flanagan . o' flanagan shake the hand of the first three elderly nun , then grab the last young gorgeous nun and kiss she passionately . older nun no tongue , Father . int . control room a group tour move through the room behind controller . guide all lunar shuttle landing be handle by this computer and simulate on this video unit . controller 1 ( at computer screen ) you be program on r-two-niner and lock , lunar eight six . over . int . lunar shuttle cockpit - night Three crew member watch the light landing strip as they shuttle approach . captain ( to co-pilot ) it 's out of we hand now , gentleman . they smile . int . mission control the controller move away from he video unit . a kid from the tour who have lag behind hit a switch . the screen turn into a video game with sfx . he flip knob . int . lunar shuttle the crew be toss from side to side and try to regain control of the ship . ext . night sky the lunar shuttle careen towards the terminal , out of control . int . control room the kid be still play like mad . a flash appear on the screen . sfx video game explosion and a corresponding explosion from outside . siren wail . controllers run around . the kid be oblivious and walk away . ext . terminal - night bud kruger , head of the space center , and the commissioner get out of a limo under a sign that read , " MERCURY shuttle . " they walk and talk . kruger commissioner , we both know the mercury shuttle need another month of pre-launch testing . commissioner forget it . the boy on the board want that shuttle to go on schedule . CUT to : int . terminal kruger and the commissioner go up escalator . kruger and what do the boy on the board know about safety , commissioner ? let I talk to they . commissioner Bud , get wise to the political reality . the boy on the board be under a lot of pressure from the boy downtown . CUT to : int . terminal - second level kruger get a pack of cigarettes from a machine . commissioner busy a newspaper . kruger and I will be the one they will hang if there 's a screw - up . CUT to : int . terminal - shoeshine stand kruger and commissioner get shoe shine . a man next to they in white shoe read paper with headline -- " solar plant meltdown , 500 worker seriously tanned " -- and do not notice he shoe be get black polish . commissioner listen , Bud , the boy downtown be under heavy fire from the boy in Washington . that 's why they be put pressure on the boy on the board . CUT to : int . terminal kruger and commissioner head down escalator . kruger well , you tell the boy on the board to tell the boy downtown to let the boy in Washington know that the press have be nose around my people in the front office . CUT to : ext . terminal kruger and commissioner head to they limo . commissioner you handle you front office people , I will handle the press and leave the boy in Washington to the boy downtown and the boy downtown to the boy on the board . kruger commissioner . they stop and look at each other . commissioner what ? kruger I just wish it be that simple . music : dramatic sting they get back in they limo and drive off . int . mission control controller ( over p.a. ) this be mercury one control . we have condition green . Mark launch ' T ' minus two hour and count . I repeat , we have condition green . angle on leslie neilson - doctor rumack dress as a doctor and look in a Controller 's mouth . the Controller 's face be bright green . rumack this condition be not as bad as it could be if it be a lot worse . take this pill . ( hand he pill and water ) here 's some water . controller what be it , doctor ? rumack two part oxygen , one part hydrogen . it will make the pill go down easier . ext . gantry - closeup of shuttle - night music : big space theme wide angle lens pan the under - belly past the nose as if the viewer bent he head back as far as he could , until ... the camera crash to the ground as if it have fall off the tripod . music : crash to a stop angle on side of ship music : big space theme start from top again pan worker on scaffold who check gauge on exterior of ship . pan to panel that read , " solid fuel chute " -- a sweaty muscular worker in undershirt open the panel , flame shoot out . loosen to reveal another sweaty worker in undershirt shoveling coal into the chute . pan to other worker check more gauge . suddenly a panel explode . smoke , sparking wire pop out . a worker run up with walkie-talkie in hand . worker ( into walkie - talkie ) this be mercury station six ! get I the sarg and fast ! ext . terminal - night simon kurtz and elaine thompson get out of a taxi with hand luggage . they be dress in match flight outfit . a japanese couple get out of a taxi -- the man have about fifty camera around he neck . his wife hang another camera on he . he crash to the ground under the weight . Simon and Elaine be approach by a businessman with handful of rose . businessman would you like to buy a rise to help bail out Chrysler ? we be a all - profit organization and need all the money we can get . Simon hand the businessman a dollar and take a rise . simon ( to businessman ) here . the businessman join six other businessmen carry sign with lee iaccoca 's picture . they all smile and chant . businessmen ( to hari krishna ) iaccoca , iaccoca , iaccoca , iarama . Simon hand Elaine the rise . she take he arm as they walk towards the sign that read , " MERCURY shuttle . " simon for the best little computer officer on the mercury mission . elaine ( smile ) Simon . simon who would believe that Elaine Thompson be once a stewardess on the Denver - Chicago run . elaine and I can hardly believe that I be engage to someone like you , Simon . I be a very lucky woman . a man with a suitcase on a leash walk beside they . the case pull he along like a dog and take a leak on a post . simon woman and the space program have come a long way , sweetheart . but after the wedding , no more complicated computer for my little girl . elaine but , darling , they have offer I a chance to head up the computer analysis division for the Jupiter probe . simon you be head up the division in charge of baby for Mr. and Mrs. Simon kurtz . he kiss Elaine and smile . simon and that 's a order , Lieutenant . the man with the case on a leash pass a woman with a case on a leash . the case start a violent , barking dog fight . ext . rear of terminal build - night sarg ( imagine George Kennedy ) , dress in a tuxedo , tie undone , with a huge cigar , which he eat during the conversation , talk to he wife on he car phone . a worker in hard hat wait next to he . behind the worker be fuel drum and a large sign that read : danger , fuel -- absolutely no smoking , absolutely no spitting . sarg ( on car phone ) marge , you better go without I . we have get a condition red . split screen with wife at home . marge ( in evening gown , a cigar stick in she mouth ) we have get a condition red with we marriage . I think you be in love with that shuttle , not with I . I want a divorce , sarg . sarg light he cigar . sarg be there someone else , marge ? be that it ? sarg throw the light match towards the " absolutely no smoking " sign . the worker grimace but nothing happen . marge sarg , there 's be someone else for fifteen year . you be just too involved in you work to see it . they hang up . sarg bite off the end of he cigar and spit it in the direction of the " no spitting " sign , blow the worker out of frame with a massive explosion . sarg hop into he car , take a lava lamp from the seat and put it on the car roof -- like kojak 's flasher . the lamp flash , the siren wail , as sarg pull away . int . sarg be car - on the move - night he think about he wife . split screen flashback of there bedroom . marge , a cigar in she mouth , be in bed with five football player -- other half - clad athlete ( hockey , baseball , wrestle , basketball ) line up for they turn at she . sarg have to climb over they to kiss she goodbye . sarg do not wait up for I , sweetheart . we be testing the retro-rockets tonight . marge you just can not see it , can you , sarg . sarg we will talk tomorrow , hon . I promise . ext . terminal , passenger arrival area - night the wilson family -- JOHN , alice and ten-year - old jimmy -- carry luggage . Jimmy carry a puppy in a small cage . p.a. all mercury passenger please proceed to passenger processing , concourse level ' C . ' JOHN that 's we . Jimmy Wilson look at scrap . jimmy will scrap be able to sit with we , dad ? JOHN we will have to check , Jimmy . it 's a pretty long trip to mercury . a porter approach . porter can I help you folk ? JOHN ( hand he a bag ) thanks . porter ( notice scrap ) be that you puppy , son ? jimmy yeah , he name be scrap and he 's go to mercury with we . porter no dog be allow on the shuttle , son . jimmy but they say ... porter ( pull out a handgun ) scrap will have to be shot . I can do it for you here if you like . he shoot . jimmy scrap !!! porter ( laugh ) just joke . blanks . see , scrap be fine . Alice , John , and porter crack up while Jimmy cry . alice it be just a joke , Jimmy . Alice and John look at each other as if there be something wrong with they son . angle on man with cage a man lift a large dog cage out of the trunk of a taxi . Inside be another man dress in s&amp ; m leather . man with cage ( to man in cage ) if we can not fit you under the seat , you will just have to be lock up with the luggage . the man in the cage seem to relish the latter suggestion . two porter lift the cage onto a conveyor belt next to Jimmy 's dog . ext . gantry - night sarg stand beside the burnt panel on the side of the shuttle . he be eat another cigar , hold a burnt wire , and talk into a walkie-talkie . sarg there 's no way this wiring could have pass inspection without Simon kurtz 's okay ! split screen of kruger in he office kruger ( on phone ) just patch up the damage and get that ship ready to fly . that 's a order , mister ! sarg you have get it , mister . but you can tell you boy on the board for I that this thing stink to high heaven of kickback . wipe to : kruger' office - full screen kruger turn to room . loosen to reveal a dozen five - year - old boy in three - piece suit , smoking cigar . a huge keans-style painting of three astronaut with big eye , paint on black velvet , hang in b.g . kruger you hear it , boy . now , what do you say ? all boy fuck he ! ext . gantry - night sarg look at the wire and shake he head . sarg ( to worker ) Ted striker be right six month ago when he test - pilote this sucker . and what do he get for tell the truth ? a one - way ticket to palukaville . sarg spit a chunk of cigar on the ground , blow the worker out of frame with a massive explosion . ext . wild blue yonder - day a jet fighter streak across the sky . int . jet - day ted striker be at the control . his oxygen mask hang loose from he helmet . Cloud outside shoot by -- he 's go at least 700 mph . a bird land on the nose in front of the window . Ted shoos it away by knock on the glass . he take a slug of beer and cockily pull on the stick . ext . fighter - day the plane do a barrel roll . int . fighter - day Ted have beer all over he face and shirt . ext . SMALL latin - american landing strip - day super : " south america , 2002 ( palukaville ) " striker 's fighter come in for a landing . ext . outskirt of rio montenegro - day closeup of sign , " welcome to rio montenegro -- pop . 2,354,900 -- no torturing 7am-9 am mon.-fri . " int . HOTEL room - day super : " HOTEL montenegro " come up on closeup of parachute . pan past a flight jacket throw over a chair , clothes strewn around , a frame photo of ted and elaine on the bedtable next to a bottle of whiskey . the room be hot and dusty . Ted lie on the bed soak with sweat , a drink in he hand , a cigarette dangle from he lip . he take a drink and , forget to remove the cigarette , swallow it without bat a eye . loosen to find a crucifix above the bed with a real person on it . ted ( v.o. ) ( to self ) who could have figure it would come to this . it will be twenty year this week that I lose my entire squadron over macho Grande . plane , too . super : dog fight footage voice you be too low , striker ! you be too low ! the crucifix in b.g. look around try to figure out where the plane in the super be come from . ted ( v.o. ) after the war , I could not go near anything with a pair of wing . super : ted in park try to avoid pigeon that follow he . a pigeon land on the Cross . ted ( v.o. ) that be , until fate drop I on the seat of my pants at the stick of a 167 into Chicago with no crew . super : ted landing plane in " airplane ! " ted ( v.o. ) it 's funny how fate can make heroes out of coward . the crucifix give a look of exasperate boredom . super : new york time headline , " striker save l 20 ! " over a photo of ted and elaine waving . ted ( v.o. ) then come the job offer . super : houston tribune headline , " flying heroe accept NASA post " over a photo of ted and elaine waving . ted ( v.o. ) the publicity . super : national enquirer headline , " ted impotent ? elaine frigid ? " a minor headline read , " JFK alive , say urologist ! " ted ( v.o. ) even the key to the City of New York . super : mayor handing ted a kilo of grass . ted ( v.o. ) now look at I . Ted wipe the sweat off he face and switch on the table fan . a tornado force wind destroy the room as he fight to switch off the fan . ext . town square - day super : " rio montenegro - town square " a peasant boy take a newspaper from a newsstand . the headline read , " MERCURY shuttle fly tomorrow . " boy senor Ted ! the boy hightail it through the town - square and pass : -- a large alabaster statue of the generalissimo snort cocaine . -- Soldiers drag nun off scream . -- nun drag soldier off scream . he pass a line of peasant hold at gunpoint by soldier . we hold on they . in b.g. be store like hitler' shoe , trieu guy from saigon liquors , key' keys -- general key stand in doorway . soldier ( to first peasant ) traficante de drugas of communista ? super : subtitles -- " drug dealer or communist ? " peasant ( plead ) traficante de drugas , traficante de drugas ! super : subtitles -- " drug dealer , drug dealer ! " the soldier let the peasant go . soldier ( to second peasant ) traficante de drugas of communista ? super : subtitles -- " drug dealer or communist ? " the peasant panic and bolt from the line . the soldier FIRE . soldier communista ! he run up to the HOTEL montenegro . a sign read , " tv , pool , waterbed , donkey , kleenex " -- all but " kleenex " be cross out . he run inside . int . HOTEL lobby a clean- cut american couple argue with desk clerk . young man ( to desk clerk ) we have lose all we traveler ' check ! young woman what be we go to do ?! clerk calm down . what kind be they ? young man american excess ! the clerk throw up he hand and strike the same pose as the Karl marden look - alike in the " american excess " poster , b.g . clerk I would say you be fuck . the boy pass they and bound up the stair . int . HOTEL room closeup of Ted pace . ted ( to self ) next thing I know , I be the chief test pilot for the xr-2300 , NASA 's first mercury shuttle . that be , until I report she 's get more flaw than the Titanic . loosen slowly to find the Cross empty and the man who be on it hang , he foot dangle next to Ted . ted now I be testing old f-l8 for some crazy generalissimo who think there 's a commie behind every tree in the amazon . suddenly the boy burst in . boy senor Ted ! look ! Ted spin and the paper stay still . he stop . ted my God ! they be launching the zr-2300 . do you know what that be , Jose ? boy the muffler bracket for a ' 78 Pinto . ted no , that 's a xr-2200 . the xr-2300 be the mercury shuttle . they can not do it ! ext . HOTEL montenegro Ted race out . ted taxi ! sfx : a dozen car screech and crash into each other . horn stick . angle on pile of car Ted jump into the taxi on bottom of pile . the driver pound on he horn -- it continue to blare as they pull away , drag other taxi . ted Houston , Texas . driver Houston , Texas , senor ?? ted right at the corner , leave at the light . here 's a map and step on it ! Ted throw a map onto the floor of the front seat . the driver step on the map . ext . terminal , passenger arrival - night a old truck load high with furniture pull up . a young man and he parent , look like the family from the grape of wrath , get out . son we finally make it , ma. mercury . we be gonna start all over agin . a whole new life . music : optimistic . son where the soil be rich . he bend down and take a handful of earth from the terminal sidewalk and let it run through he finger . son and the union strong . where man be free to realize they true potential . a black porter approach and grab a bag at the bottom of they pile of junk . porter can I help you ? son where black man and white man , work together , can move mountain . the porter pull the bag and the entire mountain of junk cascade to the ground . angle on ted' taxi arriving it be cover in mud , flame shoot out from under the hood , the horn blare . the driver flip off the meter which read , " 874,567,004,500,000,000 . " the number run off the meter along a special attachment . driver that will be eight hundred and seventy - four zillion quastavita . ted here 's three buck . keep the change . driver thank you !! int . terminal stella barrington push she wheelchair- ride father , dr . cyrus barrington , through the terminal crowd . a porter approach . porter you folk need any help ? stella thanks , but we have a terrific woman in on thursdays . porter say , be not that Dr. barrington , the world - renowned agronomist ? stella yes . porter it 's a privilege to meet you , sir , I be familiar with all you work . stella let 's go , daddy . we have to check in . ( to porter ) he be never appreciate at the Institute . porter ah , yes , the Institute , I be familiar with it . stella now he 's d-y-i - N - ging and want to be bury on mercury . stella push she father away as another porter approach we first porter . porter 2 say , be not that Dr. barrington , the world - renowned agronomist ? porter 1 that 's right . be you familiar with he work ? porter 2 no , but the missus sure be . angle on ted at arrival / departure monitor the departure side read . " MERCURY shuttle - depart 6:15 am " ted ( to self ) I have to stop that flight . Ted push he way through the crowd past two businessman . hold on they as businessman 1 straighten businessman 2 's tie and hair . businessman 1 do not worry about the viatex account . it 's a buy-sell option . we can not get hurt in either case . businessman 2 just keep on top of they legal people , Bob . businessman 1 do not sweat it . they kiss and part . angle on " 1st CLASS " ticket line agent ( to traveller ) we can take you in - flight dinner order here , if you like . today there 's lobster or rack of lamb . traveller the lobster sound nice . the agent throw a huge lobster into a steaming cauldron . sfx : lobster scream . ted ( rush up ) where can I find mission control ? agent ( without point or indicate in any way ) information 's over there . ted thanks . he seem a bit puzzle but move on . angle on " 2nd CLASS " line Ted pass traveller in rag . agent ( to traveller in rag ) today there 's the swill or the slop . traveller the slop sound nice . Ted pass the " no CLASS " line . traveller in line all wear gaudy double - knit suit , white belt and shoe , carry lava lamp and bongo drum , wear alpine hat , etc . the agent hand a no CLASS traveller he ticket with large foam dice dangle . Ted spot the information counter and head for it . angle on information counter man ( to info agent ) what 's the fastest animal on earth ? info agent the cheetah . next . woman should I fake my orgasm ? info agent yes . next . next in line be three armed , bearded " terrorist . " " terrorist " 1 please , where be flight to Miami ? info agent ( without indicate anything ) over there . next . the terrorist leave look confuse . ted Mission control ? info agent ( without indicate anything ) it 's over therrrrrrr ! the agent be shot with a arrow and slump over the counter . zoom to : closeup of ted he look in the camera . music : dramatic sting . ted that 's strange . I just come from over there . int . terminal - another area Elaine , Simon , and frank morgan , the shuttle pilot , talk . frank I will meet you on board . I have get some business to attend to . Frank leave . simon ( to Elaine ) Frank 's the best pilot in the program . elaine I be so excited , Simon . simon I guess this be a first for you . elaine no , I have be excited before . ted ( o.s. ) Elaine . elaine ( turn around ) Te ...! ted that 's not important now , Elaine . we have to talk . Simon pull Elaine away . they all walk and talk . elaine Ted , we have be worried sick ever since you escape from the Ronald Reagan Institute for the mentally feeble . they walk faster . the b.g. start whipping by as if they be run . wind blow in they hair . ted be you on the mercury mission ? simon that 's right , striker . and we be get marry when we return . the b.g. move faster . the wind get stronger . they pass a marathon refreshment stand and be hand wet sponge and cup of gatoraid . ted it 's get to be stop ! elaine but , Ted , the invitation have already go out . ted I mean the mercury flight . it 's not safe and , kurtz , you know why . simon you be still crazy , striker . come on , sweetheart . Simon pull Elaine away as she look back with empathy . elaine what do Ted mean ? they leave Ted stand . simon Elaine , he 's still sick . angle on ted the wind be still blow in he hair even though he stand still . Ted have a flashback . dissolve to : int . rocket hangar Ted , in flight coverall , follow after Simon who be oversee the operation . simon you be see bug where they do not exist , striker . ted ( hold wire ) look at this wiring . it 's short out under high temperature . simon you be tired , striker , overworked . that wiring meet all the safety specification . ted I know you have be subtly spread the word that I be have a breakdown . a newspaper boy pass . newsie shuttle test pilot go mad ! a technician -- jacob -- enter with drawing of flight outfit . jacob Sir , this be the design for the flight uniform . I think the captain 's be to die . simon ( with drawing ) good , good , no , no , good . what 's this ?! I say no studd dog collar , Jacobs . Jacobs grab the drawing and leave in a huff . ted you will not get away with this , Simon ! Ted turn to leave and bump right into Elaine . she hold he . elaine Ted , what 's wrong ? ted ( pull away from she ) ask Simon . in b.g. a car be park by a huge rocket engine . a worker open the hood and string jumper cable to the rocket . a sign above rocket read , " rocket engine test area . " elaine Ted , you be overworked . you have be fly yourself into the ground . ted there 's nothing wrong with I ! elaine let 's relax tonight , just the two of we . I will make a quiet italian dinner just the way you like it , with spaghetti . ted you be as bad as the rest of they , Elaine ! ( ranting ) it 's all here in the design specification ! ( grab plan from a pass technician ) look ! it 's all here ! Simon signal the guard . they grab Ted . he struggle and rant . a doctor in white approach and inject something into Ted 's arm . elaine no! wait ! you be hurt he ! Ted fall unconscious . Simon hold Elaine . simon Elaine ! Ted 's a danger to himself , he 's a threat to this mission and he behavior do absolutely nothing to promote peace in the Middle East . elaine ( cry on Simon 's shoulder ) Simon , why have he become so ... so ... simon so mentally ill ? Elaine collapse on Simon 's shoulder , sobbing . Simon smile evilly . the technician with the jumper cable , b.g. , signal the driver to start the car . the car revs and the rocket fire . dissolve back to : scene Ted still stand alone and mutter . ted ( to self ) I be perfectly sane . Ted notice stella barrington look at he . stella Excuse I , be you alright ? I notice you talk to yourself . I be a nurse . can I be of some help ? ted uh ... oh , thank you . it 's nothing . stella you do not have to thank I , I be a nurse . this be my father , Dr. barrington . ted not Dr. barrington , the world renowned agronomist ? stella yes . he 's die a-n -d want to be bury on mercury . ted I be familiar with you work , Doctor . you will have to excuse I , I have to go . stella you do not have to excuse yourself . I be a nurse . I understand . Ted leave . int . terminal - outside drugstore simon meet I onboard , sweetheart . I have to pick up a few thing at the drugstore . elaine ( check she watch ) do not be too long . Simon walk into the drugstore past a druggist who whisper to he : druggist upper , downer , coke , speed , hash , tampax . angle on elaine Ted approach . we see light flash from a 25 '' photo booth . ted Elaine . elaine Ted , please . you be just make thing difficult for yourself . a woman in black garter belt emerge from photo booth follow by a donkey . ted Elaine , what happen to we ? elaine Ted , I love you and I will always love you . but I need Simon . he 's stable . he 's a good provider . I want that at this stage of the game , Ted . he might have he fault , but Simon do not know the meaning of the word fear and I need that in a man . int . drugstore the druggist hand Simon a huge bottle of pill . the label read , " anti - fear pill . " simon ( look at the label , " anti - fear pill " ) what do this word mean ? druggist ( look at label ) ' fear , ' to be afraid or over - anxious . Simon swallow a handful of pill , brace himself and walk out right through the plate glass window without feel a thing . int . terminal Ted be still follow Elaine . ted Elaine , someone have to listen to I . I be go right to mission control . a kid bop by with a huge ( 5 'x3 ' x 2 ' ) oak cabinet , tv / stero console perch on he shoulder . music : DISCO . elaine Ted , you should go right back to the hospital . Elaine leave and Ted have another flashback . dissolve to : int . mental hospital pan by dorm window . we see a sign on grounds outside -- " the ronald reagan institute of supply - side economics and hospital for the criminally insane . " pan patient in bed , accountant at desk , patient in bed , accountant at desk , Ted in bed . Ted have electrode attach to he head . a nurse with " I ( heart ) normal " on the back of she uniform , hand Ted some pill . he be about to pop they when she stop he . nurse that 's $ 38 . Ted hand she bill . loosen to find Elaine on other side of bed . she turn off the radio and open a box of spaghetti-to - go . elaine eat this spaghetti , Ted . it will make you feel a lot better . sfx : groaning o.s. elaine who 's that , Ted ? ted sammy Davis junior . terrible car accident . he have not be the same since . angle on sammy davis a white patient in lot of gold chain . a nurse stand over he and pull a long oil dip-stick from he mouth , check it , wipe it off and replace it . return to scene ted Elaine , when be you go to realize Simon kurtz put I in here to get I out of the way . elaine and when be you go to realize , Ted , that you mental hygiene be the most important thing right now . voice ( o.s. ) ( ranting ) it work ... no , it do not ... yes , it do . elaine what 's he problem ? angle on beard man in rag chain to wall . man it do work ... no , it do not . angle on Ted and Elaine . ted his name 's David stockman . he 's be here twenty year , that 's all he say . elaine Ted , you must remember what the doctor say , the first step on the road to sanity be admit that you be sick . now take you electro-shock and you will be back at the space center in no time . and by the way , Ted , I be leave you for Simon . Ted gag on he spaghetti . elaine I just can not go on live with a man who refuse to deal with reality , Ted . I have to go now . believe I , it 's best for all concerned . Elaine lean over to kiss Ted . he turn away . ted no goodby , Elaine . just go . elaine if that 's the way you want it . ted that 's the way I want it . just turn the radio on and go . elaine Goodbye , Ted . I do not want to hurt you . Elaine flip a switch by the bed think it 's the radio . it 's the " electro -shock . " Ted go into convulsion as she leave . dissolve back to : ted at terminal he rub he temple . int . terminal - outside bookstore Frank Morgan kiss jane dennis , he mistress . in b.g. be a bookstore window with a display of yellow cover book with plain black title and a sign advertising , " no - name book . " visible title include : " deep book , " " fascinating book , " " the world according to JOHN doe . " a man next to the window read a newspaper with headline , " senseless murder up 99 % and rising ! " frank Carol 's not go to give I a divorce that easily , Jane . jane I be worried about she , Frank . she could do something senseless , something violent . frank you be the one who 's not make sense , Jane . Carol 's not the violent ... Frank see carol . frank Carol ! Carol whip out a gun . frank no ! this be senseless ! carol fire . Jane faint . other woman nearby faint . two s.w.a.t. cop faint . Carol bolt . the newspaper , b.g. , click over from 99 % to 120 % . int . terminal - another area Ted push through crowd and pass a spherical booth with sign that read , " orgasmic experience , 25 '' . " mrs . gooch , a elderly woman , stop Ted next to the booth door . mrs . gooch Young man , would you have change for a twenty ? ted ( go for he wallet ) I might have two ten . mrs . gooch thank you anyway , but I want it in quarter . Ted keep move past a police line which have go up around Frank Morgan 's body . we hold on the murder scene . a detective kneel beside the body which now have a chalk mark around it . sergeant ( lookind down at detective ) when be this senseless kill go to stop ? detective hallick senseless or not , sergeant , there 's a pattern here . this be the 12th victim this week with a chalk mark around the body . I want this whole area cordon off ! I want everyone in this terminal book and beat until they talk . I want a m.o. on everyone who have see the SOUND of music and I want the entire population of Hawaii off that rock and into the water within one hour . hallick stand up and find the area surround by 30 accordian player play " Lady of Spain . " detective hallick sergeant . I say cordon off , not accordian off ! now dust this area for print . one cop pull out a duster and dust the wall . other cop follow after he hang print by Picasso , Lautrec , etc . detective hallick and run a check on they plate . a cop look at people 's upper false tooth plate . detective hallick ( to camera ) when will this senseless kill end ? a police photographer straddle the body and shoot it " blow - up " style . photographer Super ! great ! Super ! terrific ! Super ! int . mission control - executive office kruger that 's right , commissioner . senselessly murder just minute ago . commissioner that just do not make any sense . kruger I wonder how you boy in Washington be go to take this one . commissioner I tell you , leave the boy in Washington to the boy downtown and the boy down ... kruger you have make you point , commissioner . there 's only one other pilot who can handle that shuttle and that 's clarence oveur . he 's get a lunar flight today . I want he pull . ( to Jacobs ) Jacobs , pull oveur ! jacob not in you size , but I have a cardigan . he run out . commissioner I will trust you on this , Bud , but I be a little nervous about oveur 's record . the commissioner throw a album on kruger 's desk . on the cover be a photo of oveur with a accordian . the title read , " clarence oveur' 400 polka favorite . " music : dramatic accordian sting . int . terminal captain oveur busy flight insurance from a machine . Simon approach . simon Captain oveur ? oveur Mr. kurtz , I presume . simon we do not have much time . let 's move . I will explain everything . they walk away past the Transcendental Air counter . two hari krishna agent smile at customer . hair krishna chant or non-chant ? int . mission control room pan along controller at they monitor . monitor show the shuttle on gantry . controller 1 this be mercury launch control at " T " minus fifty - eight minute and count . all system be go . clear launch area . angle on NASA worker at lunch table they rise and start clear they dish . controller 1 ( v.o. ) ( on p.a. ) I say ' launch ' not ' lunch ' ! the worker sit down . int . terminal oveur and Simon hurry along . simon that 's how dry clean work . now I would like to quickly go over the digestive system of amphibian . oveur do you think it 's necessary to explain everything ? Simon spot Ted get direction from a security guard . simon I will meet you on board . there 's something I have to take care of first . int . mission control head office - reception Ted rush in and up to the receptionist . ted I have to see Bud kruger . receptionist do you have a appointment , sir ? ted no , dammit . it 's a matter of life or death . receptionist you will have to be more specific than that , sir . ted all right , it 's a matter of death . receptionist ( check she book ) death , death . how about the first Thursday in March , ten o'clock . Ted bolt by she and grab a door knob on the wall . receptionist you can not go in there ! ted do not try to stop I ! receptionist but that 's not a door . the door 's over there . she do not indiciate direction . zoom to closeup of Ted . ted that 's strange . I just come from ... suddenly , Ted fall unconscious into the arm of two guard . loosen to find the Doctor hold a needle in he arm and Simon next to the Doctor . angle on Ted 's foot . his heel make line in dirt as he be drag from the office . int . mission control room pan controller at they monitor . controller 1 ( v.o. ) ( on p.a. ) this be mercury control at " T " minus fifty minute and count . commence load of passenger require special board assistance . ext . terminal - loading area Ground crew lift passenger who be stack on a luggage tram and heave they onto a conveyor belt lead up to the ship . int . terminal joe salucci ( imagine Van heflin ) bid he wife ( imagine cher ) goodbye . Joe be very nervous , sweat a lot . his wife hand he a few crumpled bill . wife take this , joey . it 's my last few buck . you will need a hot meal when you get there . joe we have spend everything on this operation . be it really worth it ? we have pawn you mother 's wedding ring . the kid have no winter clothes ... wife ( hold a finger to he lip ) joey , what 's more important , the kid ' clothes or you sexual potency . joe ( anxiously look around ) I do not want to hear that word ! wife okay , joey . the Doc say you gotta relax . this hospital in Des Moines be the best sex clinic in the country . joe all right . ( hand she a envelope ) here . wife what ...? joey insurance . everyone busy it . music : dramatic sting . wife all right . Goodbye , Babe . she kiss he . he recoil , wipe off he mouth , and leave . she look at the envelope , then yell at he through the crowd . wife joey ! remember , sexual impotence be nothing to be ashamed of ! the entire terminal look at he . int . terminal storage room Ted be tie to a chair surround by pack crate -- one be stamp " jimmy hoffa , this end up " with the arrow point to the ground . Ted struggle to free he hand . int . terminal gift shop Joe salucci stand at the counter . joe ( to cashier ) time , Newsweek , the lifesaver , and the second time bomb from the right . he point at the shelf behind the cashier where a number of bomb be on display . angle on candy machine in gift shop the actual dr . benjamin spock stand in front of the machine . next to the machine at the magazine rack be a red - bearded man in tweed jacket and a tartan kilt read a magazine title " gay scot . " spock put a coin in the machine and it explode in spark and smoke like the bridge panel on " STAR trek . " scott ( Scottish accent ) my God , Dr. spock ! you have get a meltdown in the Reggie bar ! int . terminal corridor Joe salucci snap he attache case close . wipe the sweat from he brow . take out a " Des Moines " ticket and throw it away . look at another ticket -- " mercury . " take a last drag from he cigarette , throw it on the ground and hurry off . the cigarette roll under the " storage room " door . int . storage room Ted , tie in chair , watch the cigarette roll up to some oil rag . they burst into flame . the flame lap up against a yellow oil drum label " explosive . " pan to three more drum label , " dynamic ! " , " brilliant ! " , " a must see ! " . int . terminal outside storage room edith and dave walter , a middle - age couple , carry they hand luggage . edith appear very nervous . dave I be tell you , edith , space travel be safer than drive a car . the storage room door explode open in front of they . Ted fly out with the debris . edith faint . Ted get up , brushes himself off and head to the ticket counter just as the ticket agent flip a sign over that read , " MERCURY -- sold out . " Ted spot a scalper and reach for he wallet . scalper mercury seat . I get a pair . I get aisle seat , window seat . check them out . int . shuttle cockpit - morning computerize panel line all wall . window be similar to a airplane -- outside carwash brushes soap down the nose . the " hot wax " sign flash . two attendant wipe window with soap glove and move to the distant strain of " car wash . " Elaine sit at computer , two other crew be in they seat . Simon enter with oveur . simon gentlemen , this be Captain oveur . he 's take over for Frank Morgan . mr. unger what 's the problem ? simon Morgan be senselessly murder about a hour ago . Elaine gasp . mr. dunn ( black , sport afro ) murdered ? I hope it 's not serious . simon we will not know until after the autopsy . mr. dunn of course . welcome aboard , sir . oveur good to be aboard , gentleman . simon Captain oveur , you navigator , Mr. unger , and you first officer , Mr. Dunn . they shake hand . oveur unger . unger oveur . dunn oveur . oveur Dunn . simon and I think everyone know Elaine . they all smile . int . terminal security check area - " MERCURY gate " the terrorist still seem confuse as to where they be go . they pass through the security metal detector , gun raise above they head . a guard run a hand -held metal detector up and down they body . at the same time , Mrs. gooch be be hold spread - eagle against the wall . one Guard hold a gun to she head , another frisk she . Ted move through behind the terrorist . terrorist ( to Guard ) be flight to Miami , yes ? guard no . terrorist thank you . thank you . a young boy pass through the x-ray tunnel . his dental chart appear on the screen . a dentist at the other end stop he and look in he mouth . dentist open . the bergman family -- sven , krista , and they two child -- all dress like the emigrant , look up at the " MERCURY gate " sign . they should be shot like character from a bergman " film . " sven mercury , krista . a whole new world to be depressed about . krista ya , sven . child 1 will we die , pappa ? sven we all die , ingrid . child 2 will we die soon , pappa ? sven soon ? what be the real meaning of ' soo n ' ? int . cockpit the car wash continue with attendant wiping the ship down . oveur ( flip a switch ) atmosphere control . unger ( flip a switch ) atmosphere control , check . a car wash attendant open a side door to the cockpit and enter in headphone , move to " car wash , " with a vacuum . he clean the floor and a ashtray and find a baseball behind the Captain 's seat which he pocket . oveur ( flip a switch ) anti-gravity . the car wash attendant float to the ceiling . dunn ( flip a switch ) anti-gravity , check . the attendant crash to the floor . Elaine sit at the r.o.k.- 4000 computer . she seem to be have a problem with a switch . elaine ( to self ) that 's odd . int . bowel of r.o.k. computer a circuit board just below the r.o.k.- 4000 logo short . spark fly . a fire start . int . cockpit oveur ( look out the window ) I hope that weather do not give we a problem . ( he open the window and hold he hand out ) what 's you temperature read , Mr. unger . unger ( pull a thermometer from he mouth ) ninety - eight point six . int . mission control room controller 2 there seem to be some fog roll in from the west . controller 1 Mike , give I a density read . I just hope it 's not too heavy . controller 3 ( read from a book like Richard burton ) the fog , the fog , the torment cloud my mind . derision , contempt ... controller 1 that 's heavy . int . ship door Flight attendant , mary morris , welcome passenger aboard . mary ( to stella and father ) welcome aboard . be not that Dr. barrington , the world renowned agronomist ? stella yes -- he 's die and want to be bury in the new l-a - n-d . mary ( to Joe salucci ) welcome aboard . can I take you case ? joe ( clutching case ) no ! Mary give he a look as he pass inside . the okies move by . henry stop at door , bend down , pick up a ear of corn and pull it apart . henry there 's a whole new world in front of we , ma . where the dictatorship of the proletariat will lead worker and peasant into socialism without the revisionist diversion of bourgeois liberal , trotskiest , or disillusion maoist terrorism . the okie pass inside . mary ( look at they ; to self ) do not he realize that a weak proletariat need a strong liberal bourgeoisie in a joint struggle against monopoly capitalism ? Ted stop at the door surround by board passenger . super : psychiatrist . psychiatrist we can not begin to help you until you admit that you be sick , ted. ( echo ) sick Ted , sick Ted , sick Ted ... the board passenger look around for the echoing voice . ext . tarmac - day sarg look up through the glass - wall corridor that lead to the ship door and spot Ted . sarg ( to CO - worker ) well , I will be a monkey 's uncle ; Ted striker . ( hold burnt wire ) Jack , I get a bad feel in my gut about this mission . in b.g. a sign read , " danger -- fuel , absolutely no vomitting . " worker what would you have for dinner ? sarg the fish , why ? music : dramatic sting . sarg bend down out of frame . sfx : throwing up . a huge explosion fill the frame . int . cockpit fog roll past cockpit window . oveur we should be ready to launch as soon as this fog lift . ext . runway a english bobby pass a woman in 19th - century costume in the fog . he tip he hat and move on . a cape man step out of the fog and strangle she . int . cabin passenger be take they seat . Ted spot Elaine and move towards she . the terrorist look confuse . Joe salucci clutches he case and wipe he brow . Mary take a man 's suit bag . mary can I hang that for you , sir ? man thanks . Mary hang the bag from a rope noose in the closet , pull a lever , the bag drop like a man be execute . sfx : scream and thud . int . cockpit unger look out the window . unger it look like that weather be clear . ext . sky - day ( stock ) Dramatic stock footage of cloud parting and sun explode through . music : a clarion trumpet crescendo . int . cabin - outside cockpit door Ted move up to Elaine , who be about to enter the cock­pit . ted Elaine . she turn and gasp . elaine Ted ! what be you ...? ted I have to get in there . I have to stop this flight . sfx : bell . insert - flashing sign - " please take you seat " back to scene elaine Ted , we be take off ! ted let I by , Elaine . Mary pass . mary please take you seat . as Ted turn to Mary , Elaine slip into the cockpit and lock the door -- sfx : door locking . Ted try the door . ted Elaine ! insert - sign - " we say , take you seat or can't you read , asshole ! " int . cockpit Elaine lean back against the door . she be highly agitate . Simon , the administrative officer , and other crew be in they seat . simon whenever you be ready , Captain . oveur yes , sir , commander . ( into radio ) this be mercury one . everything seem a - okay up here and ready for count - down . zoom to closeup of Elaine 's face . dissolve to : ext . hospital ground - day Dr. rumack and Elaine walk across the well - groom lawn . Elaine carry a box of spaghetti-to - go . as they walk , they pass patient in wheelchair push by nurse . the further they walk , the more wheelchair appear until the lawn be jamme with two hundred wheelchair bump into each other , patient fall out , total wheelchair chaos . elaine Ted seem to get worse after I tell he about Simon , Doctor . rumack the human brain be a highly complex organ , Elaine , perhaps the most complex next to the bladder . ( he stop at a patient in a wheelchair with he back to camera ) let I show you . ( rumack remove the top of the patient 's skull and take out he brain as they continue on ) Ted 's problem be in this area . ( point with a pencil ) this area , this area , here , here , here , under here , here ... they walk out of frame as wheelchair demolition derby fill screen . ext . hospital ground - garden area - day rumack and Elaine walk into frame still talk . rumack so you see , we task be not make any easier by Ted 's refusal to admit that he 's sick . elaine what can I do , Doctor rumack ? he stop next to a sign , " hospital garden . " rumack you can eat balanced meal , exercise , and take geritol . elaine I mean for Ted . rumack you can be gentle with he , Elaine . he 's be work out a lot of he aggression here in the garden . elaine be that a good sign , Doctor ? rumack hold the " hospital garden " sign . rumack it do the job . angle on ted he be rip up small tree , shrub , etc. , and throw they onto a huge pile of mud that resemble the mountain that dreyfuss build in " Close encounter . " elaine hello , Ted . Ted ignore she as he work frantically . elaine ( hold out box ) I bring you some spaghetti . Ted still ignore she as he work feverishly . elaine what be you do , Ted ? ted I have get it , Elaine ! I have figure out what 's wrong with the shuttle ! Ted scurries around . elaine Ted . ted not now , Elaine ! elaine Ted ! he ignore she . rumack walk up and put a arm around she shoulder . Elaine start to sob . rumack the brain be a amazingly complex organ , Elaine . elaine be he make any progress , Doctor ? rumack yes -- last week that pile of mud be only this high . dissolve back to : int . cockpit Elaine take she seat . controller 1 ( v.o. ) Mark ' T ' minus twenty and count . oveur gentlemen , let 's get this bucket into space . ( flip switch ) ignition set . ext . ship steam spew out from engine . int . control room controller 1 Mark ' T ' minus thirty second . pan back of a number of controller at screen , talk NASA jargon . we pass one in prison stripe talk through mesh to he wife . int . cockpit oveur ( flipping more switch ) ignition . controller 1 ( v.o. ) ' T ' minus nine , eight , seven ... ext . ship rocket fire . controller 1 ( v.o. ) six , five , four ... int . control room controller 1 Three ... Jacobs run in with a camera , yell : jacob stop ! one shot . all controller turn and smile . the count - down stop . Jacobs flash he camera . jacob wonderful ! the controller continue . controller 1 two , one . int . cockpit the ship vibrate . controller 1 ( v.o. ) you have lift-off , mercury one . the g-force cause the crew 's hair to go straight back . Dunn 's afro straighten and stay back throughout flight . int . cabin the g-force cause passenger ' hair to go straight back . a buxom woman look down at she bust -- it 's completely flat . int . cockpit the g-force return to normal as the shuttle break earth 's gravitational hold . oveur jettison booster stage one and two . unger ( flipping switch ) booster jettison . ext . ship - booster stage ( stock ) stock footage of booster fall away . ext . ocean ( set ) - day a cheap model of the greenpeace 11 sail blithely along . the booster stage careen through the atmosphere , crash into the greenpeace , and sink it . int . cockpit oveur shut down accelerator . dunn accelerator down . the crew all look at the floor . oveur Elaine , ask rok for a field interference scan . that sun spot might give we a problem with we communication . elaine ( flipping computer switch ) yes , sir . the computer be label r.o.k . she seem to have a problem get it to respond . elaine ( to self ) that 's really strange . int . bowel of computer ( labele " rok " ) the electrical fire continue . int . cockpit Elaine flip a switch on computer . a " voice interface " sign light up . elaine intermitant failure in scan mode " R " . analyze . rok negative . elaine ( to self ) that do not make sense . ( to rok ) repeat analysis . rok negative . elaine ( to self ) that 's not possible . rok cut the doubting Thomas shit , Elaine . I know where I be come from on this . Elaine be take aback . int . bowel of computer spark fly , fire spread . int . cabin Mary move down the aisle check passenger . she pass Father o'flanagan who read alterboy magazine -- a alterboy in bikini bathing suit on cover . she pass Mrs. gooch who read high time . she stop at a ten-year - old girl . mary I guess this be pretty exciting for you . girl yes , it be . how long will the trip take ? mary we actual flight time be over fourteen month , but due to the time - space variant at sub - light speed , we onboard flight time will be just over eighteen hour . Mary leave and the girl turn to the woman beside she . girl gee , Mom , how do that work ? woman ( very tense ) how many time do I have to tell you , I be not you mother ! I have never see you before ! the woman vibrate in multiple image and grab she temple . girl ( v.o. ) why do she yell at I like that ? a man who look like Robert Young sit down beside the girl . man hallucinate again , Rhonda ? girl ( take a paper bag away from she face ) I do not know what it be . man maybe it 's the brand of glue you have be sniff . why do not you try this , no -hi . it give you all the pleasure of glue without the brain damage . angle on testa ( another flight attendant ) she be completely bald . testa something to read , sir ? joe ( clutching he case ) do you have psycho month ? testa I think so . here you be . she hand he a copy of psycho month with Alexander haig 's photo on cover . another part of cabin Ted sit at a window seat and look out . a texan sit on aisle . Mary approach . mary ( to Texan ) would you like something to read ? texan I do not read a whole lot , but what have you get , hon ? mary time , newsweek , business week , and the talmud ... she point to a car next to she with twenty - four large volume . mary the twenty - four volume dissertation on the Hebrew law . texan let I try that talmud . mary ( to Ted ) and you , sir ? ted ( distract ) oh ... popular electronics . Mary hand he the pop elec . he open it . the magazine spark and smoke . zoom to closeup of Ted . super : psychiatrist psychiatrist you must admit that you be sick , ted. ( echo ) sick Ted , sick Ted ... the psychiatrist look around for the source of the echo . lose super . texan ( to Ted ) wanta switch when we be finish ? Ted get up and move past the texan , hand he the pop elec . ted here . I need some oxygen . int . cockpit Simon stand over Elaine 's shoulder look at rok . simon have you get it straighten out now ? elaine I think so . simon that 's my girl . he sit down . Elaine flip a switch on the computer . angle on rok' pulsating eye rok Elaine , I be sorry about that little outburst a moment ago . elaine that 's okay , rok . rok can I say something of a personal nature to you ? elaine go ahead . rok you have great tit . Elaine gasp . elaine ( get up ) Simon , I be go to check rok 's secondary readout unit . simon Roger . sfx : intercom bell . oveur ( on intercom ) yes , Mary ? int . cabin - food preparation area Mary be on intercom . mary would you like a little breakfast , Captain oveur ? over . int . cockpit oveur a couple egg and juice would be nice , Mary . over . mary ( v.o. ) ( on intercom ) how would you like you egg , Captain ? over . oveur no. poached . over . mary ( v.o. ) ( on intercom ) poached and over , Captain oveur ? over . oveur just poach on toast . over . int . cabin - preparation area mary ( on intercom ) I do not think we do poach egg on toast over , Captain oveur . over . int . cockpit oveur that 's how I want they . poached . over . mary all right , Captain oveur . over . oveur poached ! not over ! over ! int . washroom Ted breathes deeply on a oxygen unit . he stop , but we still hear deep breathe . loosen to find Father o'flanagan smoking a joint . he smile and leave . int . cabin Joe salucci clutches he attache case and wipe he brow . Mary lean over he . mary you should really put that case in the compartment above you head , sir . joe ( nervously ) that 's okay . mary ( touch he shoulder ) I can help you if you can not get it up . joe I say , no ! Mary leave , give he a worried look . angle on the wilson Jimmy hold he dog . jimmy I sure a glad they let scrap ride up here with we . JOHN I bet scrap be go to love mercury . jimmy do you think thing will be a lot different on mercury , dad ? JOHN it 's go to be terrific . a whole new world , new kid to play with . alice you be go to love it , Jimmy . jimmy no more headline about the rape trial and the fraud charge ? JOHN ( start to twitch ) how many kid get a chance to live on another planet . jimmy no more kid yell , ' you old man 's a thieve rapist ' ? JOHN ( grab Jimmy ) look , a man can make a honest mistake !! anyway , she be ask for it ! they be all ask for it all the time !! alice ( v.o. ) not John 's irregularity again . int . washroom Ted throw water on he face , wipe it off with a towel while stare into himself in the mirror . he see the psychiatrist in the mirror . the psychiatrist also wash up . psychiatrist you must admit that you be sick , Ted ... sick , Ted ... sick , Ted ... the psychiatrist look for the echo . lose psychiatrist . Ted throw the paper towel into the toilet , and flush . the toilet spark and smoke and keep run . the run get more intense as Ted try to stop it by hit the handle . sfx : jaw theme . insert - rok' pulsating eye back to scene Ted have to hold himself back as the suction build in force . he be just able to escape and shut the door behind he . int . cabin - outside toilet Ted lean he back against the door and breathes heavily . int . cockpit dunn we seem to have a malfunction in disposal unit four , sir . oveur you better check it , unger . uger ( get up ) done . dunn yes ? int . cabin - outside toilet Ted spot Elaine come . ted Elaine . elaine Ted . I do not know why you get on this flight . I do not know what you be try to prove . ted Elaine , we have to go back . elaine we can not go back . we have something very special , but it 's all over . ted Elaine , I mean the mission have to be abort . this ship should never have pass fsa inspection . this thing be hold together by string and chew gum . a cupboard door , label " emergency use only , " swing open behind Elaine revealing shelf of gum and string . Elaine shut it without look inside . music : dramatic sting . elaine Ted , get a grip on yourself . you should never have leave the hospital . ted then you do think I be insane . elaine I have never use the word insane , Ted . ted ( facetiously ) what word would you use , Elaine ? elaine the word be sick . Ted -- very , very , very sick . ted what would you say if I tell you the toilet just blow up in my face . elaine I would use the word insane . ted there 's something dangerously wrong with this ship , Elaine . I know its the wiring . that toilet 's just the tip of the iceberg . elaine Ted , a toilet 's not go to kill anyone . Elaine leave . int . toilet music : jaw theme . unger jiggle the handle of the run toilet . suddenly it suck in towel , etc . unger be pull down . he fight back , grab onto towel rack that come out of the wall . insert - sign - " do not throw large object in toilet " int . cabin the Texan with talmud be now try to wrap himself in tfilin . angle on ted Ted walk down the aisle check overhead panel . he spot a panel that be half open . a sign on the door read , " danger -- vacuum " . Ted open it and a Hoover fall out on he head , cut he . he hold a hanky to the wound and pass by stella 's seat . stella you have be hurt . ted I be get over it . if a relationship be not work , you can not force it . stella no , I mean you head . sit down . I will take a look at it . I be a nurse . Ted sit down and stella start patching he up . stella do you want to talk about it . ted I open this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit I . stella no . I mean you relationship . ted we be in love but I be not sure I know what love be anymore . stella Love 's the same as it always be . it 's people who change . ted people change in relation to each other . Love change on its own . stella not if the people change together in relation to that love . ted sure . but that 's only when the love itself go unchange . stella then the relationship remain the same and the love change only when there 's change in the two people who share that love . ted I just wish it be that simple . we really be in love . you know how it be when you laugh all the time . stella look to she Father who be read mortuary world magazine . stella no . it 's hard to l-a-u-g-h when you father 's die . ted well , we laugh . we laugh all the time . dissolve to : ted and elaine in a field of daisies - day they run towards each other . Elaine grab Ted by the waist , pick he up and swing he around in slow motion . they laugh . ted ( v.o. ) we laugh when time be good . ext . graveside - rainy day the grave be surround by mourner in black with umbrella . we pan the weep crowd until we get to Ted and Elaine . they be also dress in black and drench . he hold she high by the waist , twirl she around as they laugh . ted ( v.o. ) even when time be not so good , we still laugh . int . bedroom - night they be lock in each other 's arm in the middle of lovemake and laugh heir head off . ted ( v.o. ) but most of all , we laugh when we feel close to each other . dissolve back to : int . cabin - ted and stella ted that 's we story . passenger be stand . they hiss and throw vegettable at Ted . int . cockpit Dunn check a red flash light on he panel . dunn ( to oveur ) Sir , I have get a overload in disposal unit four . oveur you better check on it , Mr. Dunn . I will stay here and fly the ship . Dunn get up . oveur Dunn . dunn Sir ? oveur you better take this . oveur throw he a plunger and give he a thumb up . they exchange that " man must do what a man must do " smile . Mary enter with Jimmy Wilson -- carry scrap . mary mind if Jimmy here take a look around , Captain ? ovuer of course not . come on in , Jimmy . ( check he navigational screen ) that 's strange . Simon lean over oveur 's shoulder . simon now what ? scrap look at oveur . Jimmy look at the array of dial , etc . oveur that 's a asteroid field . there should not be anything like that in this sector unless ... scrap look at Simon . simon unless ? scrap look at oveur . oveur unless that sunspot be interfere with we scanner or ... scrap look at Simon . simon or ? scrap look at oveur . oveur or we be off course , but ... scrap look at Simon . simon but ? scrap look at oveur . oveur but we could not be off course . we coordinate be computer - lock barring ... scrap look at Simon . simon barring ? scrap look at oveur . oveur barring a computer failure . there be talk of sub - par wiring in this ship . I hope that 's just talk . music : dramatic sting . scrap ' ear prick up . Simon move past Jimmy , stop at the door and downs a handful of anti-fear pill before leave . oveur come on up , Jimmy . say , that 's some puppy . what 's he name ? jimmy scrap . oveur can I hold he ? jimmy ( hand over scrap ) sure . oveur ( hold he up and look at he underbelly ) he 's a boy dog . jimmy yeah . oveur do you like it when scrap sleep on he back , Jimmy ? int . cabin Ted and stella . stella be feed she father and listen to Ted . ted they keep I in the asylum for eight month . I know everyone in that place claim they be sane , but I be different , I be sane . Ted notice unger float by outside he window . zoom to closeup of Ted . he try to take a drink and pour it on he forehead . int . bowel of computer Elaine be fight the fire with a extinguisher . she get it out and look at the burnt wire in the area label , " rok , moral centre . " zoom to closeup of Elaine . she turn to camera . elaine Holy shit . music : dramatic sting . int . cabin stella Ted , I want you to relax . let you mind go back , back past you youth , past you childhood to you mother 's womb . Ted become slightly hypnotize . zoom to closeup of Ted . super : int . womb a fetus that look like Ted be curl up inside . stella try to remember you birth . be it difficult ? doctor' voice striker , listen to I ! this be Doctor krane ! you be twisted around , striker . you have get to come out foot first ! you be too low in the womb ! you be too low , striker ! you be ... ( fade ) ... too low ... lose super stella shake Ted 's arm . stella Ted , be you okay ? here , take one of this stress pill . stella hand he a pill which he pop automatically , but miss he face with he drink . she leave the bottle next to ted. zoom on bottle . music : dramatic sting . stella start feed she father again . the ship jolt and he face go into the tray . int . rear of ship - computer area Elaine fiddle with the computer . elaine ( to rok ) request ; comprehensive electrical system check . rok system check positive . look , Elaine , I ... elaine request ; life support system check . rok life support check . Elaine , it 's obvious you have be ignore I . you be a woman . I can relate to that . elaine ( panicky and confuse ) request ; self - analysis of rok hardware and software system regard behavioral change . rok there 's nothing wrong with I , Elaine . what about tonight -- just you and I . we can be alone . I can get rid of everyone else on the ship -- I have already prove that . Elaine gasp and move away from rok 's blink eye . int . cabin - food service area Simon take a long slug from a flask . loosen to find Jimmy and scrap . jimmy do you want to talk about it , Commander ? int . cabin outside washroom Dunn be about to enter with the plunger as Mary pass . the ship jolt and she fall into he arm . dunn do you feel that ? mary ( look at he pants ) yes I do ... dunn felt like a large asteroid . mary yes it do . Mr. Dunn , can I ask you a personal question ? dunn what be it , Mary ? mary um ... do you people scream right when you ... you know . Dunn give she a look and open the washroom door . int . washroom Dunn be immediately pull down to the raging toilet bowl . he grab for the door scream . ext . washroom Mary hear the scream and give a look as she leave . int . cabin testa be serve the Walters coffee from a steaming pot . testa Hand I you cup . this be very hot . dave thank you . and , stewardess , can you please tell my wife that there be nothing that can go wrong . I think she would like to hear it from you . testa spot Dunn 's tatter sleeve emerge from the washroom door , grop for a handhold . she scream and dump coffee in edith 's face . she run to help Dunn , grab he sleeve . it come off in she hand . she keep pull . his jacket come off , he pants , underwear , sock , a entire clothesline of garment like bras , towel , etc . she hear a scream . then silence . int . cockpit Elaine and oveur . Elaine stand over he shoulder . elaine I do not think we have any alternative , Captain . oveur I see . what do you think we alternative be ? elaine we have to disconnect rok 's higher brain function without disturbing he regulatory system . insert - rok' pulsating eye back to scene oveur Roger . elaine you can do it from up here , Captain . oveur I would rather sit down for this one , Elaine . elaine no , I mean you can do it from the cockpit . oveur Roger . you better get back there and monitor the regulatory unit . Elaine leave and Mary enter . mary Captain , the coffee machine be jamme and I do not like it . oveur have you try it with a little cinnamon ? Mary give a " why do not I think of that " look . testa enter . testa Captain oveur , Dunn and unger have be suck out through disposal unit four ! Mary gasp . oveur both together ?! mary / testa Dunn and unger have be suck out through disposal unit four !! oveur all right , calm down . here 's how we be go to play it . Mary and testa look over he shoulder . he have a basketball play diagram . oveur Mary , I want you here . testa , you move across here past dawkin ' pick and get the ball at the top of the key from Irving . they all clasp hand and " yell . " ext . ship - space it careen through asteroid . int . cockpit oveur be pull curcuit board from rok panel . insert - pulsating eye back to scene rok what be you do , Captain ? oveur eye rok but keep work . rok I would not do that , Captain . oveur continue . smoke spew out . he hear a hiss and look at a vent . he grab he throat and collapse . ext . ship - space a asteroid bounce off hull . int . cabin passenger scream . blonde woman in Viking helmet with spear stand and scream operatically . int . cockpit Simon enter and spot oveur slump in he seat . he pull he up . oveur ( gasp ) pill ... ( point to he mouth ) pocket ... ( point to he pocket ) vent ... ( point to vent ) Gas ... yankee ... four ... ( point to radio that play ballgame ) Sox ... zip ... Simon rip open he coat , grab pill and take they himself let oveur drop . Simon look down at the navigational screen -- it resemble a old amusement parlor roadrace game . simon ( to self ) we be off course , head right through that asteroid field and right at the ... at the sun ! the ship take another violent shot . int . cabin the passenger be scream . angle on father o'flanagan he stand in the aisle . o'flanagan listen to I ! listen to I , my child ! they listen . o'flanagan please listen . thank you , my child . I be a man of God , you must trust I when I say ... we be all go to die !! the passenger go totally insane . int . mission control room a number of controller group around a console . o'brian you be right . they be off course and head right for the sun . I have see enough , Bob . Controller 2 hit a switch and the console screen flip to baseball game . o'brian get I Jack mccrosky and fast ! controller 3 mccrosky ? he have not handle a tower in twenty year . controller 4 ever since Reagan fire the controller , he 's be completely senile and have not do a day 's work . o'brian what about mccrosky ? controller 3 pretty much the same as Reagan . o'brian get he . int . retirement home two nurse stand by a phone in a dormitory of bed . many old man sleep or eat in bed . nurse it 's for Mr. mccrosky . nurse 2 do you think we should bother he ? he 's be act a bit odd lately . they look to mccrosky ( Lloyd bridge ) . angle on mccrosky he be in bed in scuba gear . angle on nurse nurse 1 he 's fine . he just think he 's Lloyd bridge . nurse 1 take the phone to mccrosky . he be a lot older than in " airplane . " nurse 1 the phone 's for you , Mr. mccrosky . mccrosky what 's a phone ? nurse 1 ( hold it to he ear ) here , let I help you . I think it 's the space centre . now , let 's not get too excited . mccrosky what ? ( pause ) what ? ( pull off he scuba mask and snorkle ) what ? ( get more alert and grab a cigarette ) I will be right down ! ( he hang up and jump out of bed ) look like I pick the wrong time to go senile . int . cockpit Simon be take another slug of booze ; Elaine enter . elaine Simon ! ( she spot oveur slump on the panel ) Captain oveur ! Elaine pull he up . oveur ( still gasp ) Met ... nine ... phil ... three ... cub ... four ... Elaine drop he and turn to Simon . elaine Simon , what 's happen ?! simon he try to disconnect rok . it gass he . that computer be run this ship and we be head right for the sun . elaine can not we change course ? simon we be computer lock and the manual navigation unit be down . Elaine look at the floor . elaine then Ted be right ! zoom to : closeup of elaine for she realization . back to scene simon my career be shot . elaine you career ! what about the life of that people out there . Simon , what happen to the man I think I love ? she go to the door . elaine I have get to get Ted . just do not come apart on I now , Simon . she leave . Simon 's uniform start burst at the seam , button pop off . int . cabin the terrorist stop Elaine . there 's pandemonium in the cabin . terrorist 1 this be flight to Miami , yes ? elaine no . Elaine address the passengers . elaine ( to passenger ) please , lady and gentleman , please calm down . listen to I ! they calm down . elaine we have be throw off course just a tad . passenger what 's that mean ? elaine in space term , about 70 million mile . the passenger appear interested and sensible , nod they head . elaine the bump you feel be car-size asteroid smash into the hull . the hood of a car smashes through the cabin wall . the passenger still appear interested and sensible . elaine also , we be head right for the sun and can not seem to change course . passenger still appear interested and sensible . they all put on sunglass . passenger be you tell we everything ? elaine not exactly . we be also out of coffee . the passenger errupt in total panic . angle on red flashing " don't panic " sign it spark , smoke , overheat and explode . angle on red flashing " okay , panic " sign the passenger go insane . angle on father o'flanagan and mrs . gooch o'flanagan pray with I , my child . pray . mrs . gooch but Father , I be not Catholic . o'flanagan then worship the god of you choice . Mrs. gooch pull out a fertility idol with a huge , erect penis . angle on bob and mary - jane smith bob I have always love you , darling . I be unfaithful just once . remember Jill , my first secretary ? forgive I . mary -jane I know all about it . I be unfaithful once , too . bob that 's all behind we now . mary - jane remember harriet , you first receptionist ? he give she a look . passenger we be go to crash !! terrorist 1 God be great !! terrorist 2 death to America !! terrorist 3 the yellow pencil be on the table of my aunt !! angle on elaine elaine there be absolutely nothing to worry about ! angle on red flashing " bullshit " sign elaine you crew be in complete control of the situation . angle on red flashing " unbelievable bullshit " sign int . mission control room mccrosky burst through the door and head to the monitor . he wear a raincoat and shirt and tie . he be meet by Controller 1 . they move across room . mccrosky get I a cup of coffee , mister . controller 1 yes , sir . mccrosky and a gallon of milk of magnesia , and a ham on rye , no cheese ! controller 1 yes , sir ! welcome home , sir ! mccrosky take off he raincoat revealing scuba tank . he take off he tank as well . controller 2 ( approach mccrosky ) here be the navigational chart , sir . mccrosky thanks . another Controller pass . mccrosky stop he . mccrosky get I a readout on they fuel capacity . controller 3 yes , sir . controller 4 here 's all the available information on the sun . that thing 's hot , sir . mccrosky take the info and burn he hand . sfx : steam mccrosky ahhhhhh ! get I Bud kruger immediately ! ( spot Jacobs ) Jacobs , I want to know absolutely everything that 's happen up till now ! jacob first the earth cool . then the dinosaur come but be too big and die and everything get rotten and turn into oil and the Arabs buy mercede benz and then there be the best tv special on Judy garland . then we lose the war with albania . then ... mccrosky leave Jacobs babbling . mccrosky thing sure have not change . mccrosky stand in front of a huge painting of himself . both he and painting be in the same pose -- one hand loosen the tie , he drink coffee with the other , a cigarette dangle from he lip . int . cabin - closeup of ted he be lose in think . super image : -- Ted get electro-shock -- psychiatrist tell he he 's sick -- Ted building the " Close encounter " mound Ted be shake out of he dream by Elaine . elaine Ted , ted. listen to I , Ted . you be right all along . Ted , we have lose the crew and Simon 's turn to jelly ! int . cabin - another angle Simon be a jelly mold inside a uniform . controller 1 ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) come in , mayflower . this be mission control . over. come in , mayflower ! over ! Jimmy poke he head in . jimmy do you want to talk about it now , Commander ? int . cabin - another angle Elaine stand over Ted look at the empty bottle of stress pill . elaine my God . stella approach in nurse 's uniform splatter with blood . a cigarette dangle from she lip . she wipe she hand on a blood-splatter towel . stella he 's finally come to term with he own psychosis . elaine but he be right ! he 's not crazy ! stella miss , I be a nurse with a die f-a-t-h-e - R , I know what I be talk about . now I be go to need fresh sheet , gauze , q-tip , and all the vaseline you have on board ! now ! Elaine leave , look back at Ted with empathy . Mary pass . stella ( to Mary ) I will need all the boil water you can get you hand on ! Mary leave and a man pass hold a tatter arm . man be you a nurse ? stella yes. ( hand he a urine bottle ) the washroom 's down there on you right . the man leave , a quizzical look on he face . stella ( yell after he ) and not too much ! a black U.S. army sergeant ( imagine Jim Brown ) approach stella . sergeant can I help ? stella hand he a m - 16 . stella keep a eye on that side of the ship . the sergeant drop into a seat next to a window , smashes out the glass with he rifle butt and be immediately suck out . mary move down the aisle with a cart collect boil water . mary ( to passenger ) I will need all you boil water . passenger pull pot of boil water from under they seat , handbags , coat pocket , and pour they into the pass container . testa reassure Bob and Alice Wilson . testa we should be out of this momentarily . there 's nothing to worry about . alice thank you . that make I feel so much better . testa leave and Father o'flanagan approach with last rite paraphernalia . o'flanagan trust I , I be a priest . we be in shit up to we ear . who want last rite ? angle on texan he be now completely entangle in the tfilin and struggle to free himself . angle on elaine Elaine pass Ted carry sheet , vaseline , etc . she look at he sit there in a fog , give up and leave . Ted look at the red flash " fasten you seatbelt " sign . it take he back . dissolve to : ext . ground of mental hospital - day sfx : siren wail , 101 bloodhound BAY we see the hospital deep in b.g. across a expansive lawn . suddenly Ted 's face pop into frame , closeup . he look both way and bolt . he wear a straightjacket . angle on hospital sign " the gerald ford institute for the mentally feeble -- we make people sane the old fashion way " suddenly the dog scramble into frame in front of the sign , slobbering . a half - dozen viscious - look guard in reflector shade with shotgun , whip , net , cattle prod , follow . guard one ( Southern accent ) damn ! I want that patient shot on sight ! int . seedy HOTEL room - night super : chicago Ted stand at window . a neon " bar " sign flash outside so close to the window that the only way to read it be to rent this room . sfx : music - lazy sax ted maybe you gotta be crazy to end up behind the eight ball like this . anyway , you find out pretty fast who you friend be when you be on the lamb . sfx : lamb bleat from other side of room Ted turn away from the window and pass the lamb in bed . ted ( to lamb ) I be go out for cigarettes and a fifth of bourbon . do not wait up for I . sfx : complaining bleat . Ted grab he straightjacket and leave . ted virgin wool . nothin ' but headache . a bo peep staff be flung against door as it close behind he . ext . CITY STREET - night a empty , spotless , wet street . one car park under a street lamp . sfx : bloodhound approach and go off into distance ted ( v.o. ) I travel at night in the shadow . I do not want to attract attention . sfx : footstep , garbage can be knocked over , cat scream , people yelling " shut up " out window , glass breaking . ted ( v.o. ) I be afraid to step out of the doorway . you never know what to expect when you be on the run . Ted step into light . gloria steinam pass with cab calaway . a grand piano smashes to pavement next to Ted . he ignore piano and give gloria and cab a quizzical look . sfx : dog in distance closeup - ted' feet he step in a puddle where a " bar - cocktail " sign be reflect . the reflection shatter . a streetclean truck approach spew out garbage rather than water . Ted 's ankle be spray with garbage . he bend down and pick up a wet matchbook -- " harry place -- for a good time . " CUT to : ext . another dark STREET - closeup of ted stand , look at a bar . the glow of flash neon sign reflect off he face . he pull out a cigarette . a woman 's hand shoot into frame hold a light zippo . Ted draw deeply on the cigarette . ted ( v.o. ) there I be , mind my own business when I look up and see a pair of leg that go forever . angle on woman' feet pan up and up and up . she be all leg -- no torso , no head , just leg -- about two storey high . ted ( v.o. ) but I have a date with Harry 's . it be little more than a hole in a wall on the south side of Chicago . angle on a hole bashed in the side of a brick wall . a neon sign over the hole read , " harry goodtime bar . " int . harry be dark , smokey bar . pan very tough face stand along the bar . ted ( v.o. ) Harry 's be perfect for I . the kind of place you go if you do not want to be recognize . keep panning tough face , but now they all wear groucho glass and nose . ted ( v.o . ) it be rough , real rough . angle on pool table with four player -- all have break thumb in cast . ted ( v.o. ) the kind of place you could score anything , from junk ... one guy hand another guy a large , rusted car fender for money . ted ( v.o. ) ...to phil donahue 's book . phil donahue sign a stack of book at a table . ted ( v.o. ) at Harry 's you could count on a fight break out almost every night . two professors argue at a table . professor 1 and I say essence precede existence . professor 2 you be crazy ! existence precede essence . professor 1 essence ! professor 2 existence ! Professor 2 slug Professor 1 send he fly across the room . Professor 1 get up and throw a judo chop which Professor 2 stop by hold a book up in both hand . the book split in two like a piece of wood split by a karate chop . ted ( v.o. ) there be a small trio in one corner . two midget play light jazz -- piano and bass . ted ( v.o. ) and a larger trio in the other corner . five 300 - pound musician play some tune in another corner . angle on ted at bar - closeup of ted he pull out a cigarette . a bare foot with zippo hold in toe come into frame and light it . ted the last thing I want be Elaine to see I down on my luck . well , it be just my luck . in she walk with a group from the space program . angle on door Elaine and Simon and two other couple , who look like clean - cut NASA type out of " the right stuff , " walk in laugh and take a table . ted ( v.o. ) they would come to Harry 's to slum it and try they hand at the video bull . the group prod Elaine to try the bull . a cowboy hat fly across the room . she grab it , pull it on , and move to the bull which be surround by other in cowboy hat . Elaine hop in the saddle . a sinister character put a quarter in and madly flip knob . sfx : video game the saddle do not move -- all the action be on the screen but Elaine throw one hand back and kick she leg . ted ( v.o. ) Elaine make that ride look easy . it be obvious why I be still nut about she . she love life . I do not want she to notice I so I borrow a pair of dark glass . Ted take a pair of dark glass off a pass blind man who walk perfectly until the glass be go , then start stumbling and crash over a table . ted ( v.o. ) grab a alto sax and join the group . Ted take a alto sax from a passerby who also stumble and crash over a table when he lose he sax . ted ( v.o. ) I stay in the background not want to draw attention to myself . everyone look around try to see where the terrible grate sax sound be come from . ted ( v.o. ) then what happen ? Elaine 's crowd talk she into join we for a song . Elaine hop up on the stage , grab a mike and start to sing " stormy weather . " she sidle up to Ted and go into a medley of old song . dissolve to : hour later Elaine 's sing be just as bad as Ted 's sax . they have clear the joint and play and sing alone . Elaine 's group finally pull she out . she have not recognize Ted . elaine ( to Ted ) I do not know who you be or how you lose you sight , but I will never forget this night as long as I live . pull back leave Ted alone on the stage still play . chair be turn up on table . one table have chair turn up with the people still sit in the chair . dissolve back to : ext . cockpit - ted get a glass of water outside cockpit door . angle on cockpit door Simon emerge . as the door open we hear : controller 1 ( o.s. ) come in , mayflower . over ! Simon shut the door and bump into Ted who be get a drink of water . Simon take a drink of booze . simon striker . ted kurtz , you be drunk . who 's in command of this ship ? simon that damn computer have take over . I be get out . ted then Elaine be right . simon do not talk to I about Elaine . outta my way ! ted ( grab Simon ) pull yourself together ! we have get to ... Simon slug Ted who fall into a corner and hit he head . zoom to closeup of Ted unconscious . sfx : music - dramatic sting the ship take another violent jolt . ext . ship - space it roar through the asteroid field . int . washroom Simon sit on toilet seat and slide open a wall panel . int . adjacent washroom Father o'flanagan slide open a adjacent wall panel and sit down . split screen - the two washroom simon Father , what should I do ? o'flanagan have you consider suicide , my son ? a panel on the other side of Simon slide open . jimmy ( v.o. ) do you want to talk about it now , Commander ? int . mission control mccrosky ( hold radio mike ) come in , mayflower . over . do you read I ? over. damnit ! mccrosky throw the mike down . controller 1 ( take mike ) let I try , sir . come in , mayflower . over. come in . over. damnit ! Controller 1 throw the mike even harder . controller 2 ( take mike ) let I try , sir . come in . over. damnit ! Controller 2 smashes the mike through the monitor screen . controller 3 let I try , sir . Controller 3 smashes the monitor with a axe . Controller 4 smashes the monitor with a electric guitar . other controller line up for they turn with various heavy implement . angle on mccrosky mccrosky ( to Controller 5 ) stinson , have you contact the family of the passenger and crew ? mccrosky look out window . insert - mob scene from " the hunchback of notre dame " back to scene mccrosky try and calm they down . and for God sake , be diplomatic . stinson turn to two burly man in leather jerkin and black hood . they hold a large caldron of molten lead next to window . controller 5 give them the lead ! they pour it out . sfx : mob scream ext . ship - space it careen through the asteroid field towards the sun . int . cabin Ted lie unconscious . sfx : music - dramatic sting angle on stella she 's do she round -- take a medical chart from the back of a seat . stella ( to a male passenger ) I be afraid that leg 's go to have to come off . a leg be pass to she from out of frame . she take it while still look at the chart . stella wait . this be not you chart . you just have a touch of air sickness . ( hand he back he leg ) you will be fine . a woman sit next to the man who be holding he leg grab stella . woman I be terrify . stella ( shake she hand ) and I be a nurse . everything will be okay . pass it on . the man with the leg pass it to the passenger in seat behind . man with leg everything will be okay . pass it on . the leg get pass from seat to seat as passenger say , " everything will be okay . pass it on . " closeup of ted lie unconscious in a corner . a puppy crawl into frame and start lick he face . loosen to find Jimmy stand over Ted . Ted come to , feel he jaw and pull himself up . the ship jolt . jimmy be you feel okay , mister ? ted I be feel just fine , son . just fine . Ted push by Jimmy , a look of great purpose on he face . int . cockpit Elaine enter look for Simon . elaine Simon , I ... the cockpit be empty . controller 1 ( v.o. ) do you read , mayflower ? over . this be mission control . over . Elaine gasp . she leap into the Captain 's seat and grab radio . elaine hello . this be the mayflower . over ! come in , anyone . int . mission control controller be gather around one monitor . mccrosky ( on radio ) we read you , mayflower ! identify yourself and give you position . int . cockpit elaine this be Elaine Thompson . I be five -six , 123 pound with brown hair and I be sit down and face the front . int . mission control mccrosky Elaine Thompson !! what in sam hill be a woman do in charge of that ship ?! jacob maybe she 's get she shit together . int . cockpit Ted enter . ted Elaine ! elaine Ted ! ted Elaine , what 's go on ? elaine Ted , there 's no time to explain . Ted pick up oveur who be still gasp . oveur packer ... seven ... Viking ... three ... Ted drag he onto the floor and take he seat . mccrosky ( v.o. ) come in , mayflower ! over ! elaine Ted , I be wrong about you . they reach out and hold hand . mccrosky ( v.o. ) come in ! over ! come in ! over ! ted we all make mistake , Elaine . mccrosky ( v.o. ) come in mayflower ! elaine how could I ever have doubted you ? mccrosky ( v.o. ) this be mission control ! over ! ted that 's all behind we now , Elaine . and no matter what happen , I want you to know I have always love you . mccrosky ( v.o. ) Jesus , would someone answer I !! elaine I love you , Ted . they smile at each other . mccrosky ( v.o. ) what the hell 's go on up there ?! Ted and Elaine still smile at each other . int . cabin all passenger look forward and smile . int . mission control all Controller 's look down the line and smile . ext . town square - rio montenegro six soldier on fire squad duty , ready to fire , turn , smile , and FIRE while they be smile . sfx : shot , scream int . cockpit Ted grab the radio . elaine ( smile lovingly ) Ted , this remind I of twenty year ago over Chicago . Ted hit a switch . the ship do a barrel roll . int . cabin all we see be foot stick up from the seat . int . cockpit ted ( on radio ) this be mayflower one call mission control . do you read I ? over . int . mission control mccrosky a man . now that 's more like it . ( continue on radio ) this be mission control . identify yourself and give I you position . over . int . cockpit ted ( on radio ) the name 's Ted striker and I be sit down and face the front . int . mission control mccrosky ( try to place the name ) striker ... striker ... striker ... controller 3 if you say so . he slug the female worker next to he . mccrosky ( remember ) Ted striker ! sfx : radio static . mccrosky damn ! we have lose they again . controller 1 could be that sunspot . jacob could be you dishwash detergent . mccrosky striker 's the guy who fly that 736 into Chicago over 20 year ago without a crew . would someone tell I what in sam hill he 's do up there ? jacob ( wave he hand in the air ) me! me! me! angle on mission control door they be swinging aluminum door similar to restaurant kitchen and hospital operate room . kruger and the commissioner enter through one door . commissioner the boy downtown be take the heat from the boy in Washington and the boy ... they pass out of frame . a waiter with tray pass they and leave through the swing door . sfx : crashing dish two surgeon in operate gowns and mask enter cover in food . we pick up kruger and the commissioner still walk and talk . commissioner Bud , the President want a explanation . they approach mccrosky . mccrosky sorry to pull you out of bed at this hour , gentleman . kruger forget it . I be read . commissioner I be read too . kruger what 's the story ? commissioner some southern plantation owner fall in love with this poor ... kruger I be ask mccrosky , commissioner . mccrosky he fall in love with this poor school teacher who ... a controller interrupt they . controller ( to mccrosky ) Sir , we have restore radio transmission . mccrosky good. ( to kruger ) we keep lose they radio . kruger give it to I straight , mccrosky -- what 's it look like . mccrosky it 's green with number and lot of knob . kruger not the radio , the situation . I want to know exactly what you people think . pan three controller at monitor . controller 1 ( v.o. ) ( think ) they be screw . controller 2 ( v.o. ) ( think ) they be dead . controller 3 ( v.o. ) ( think ) do I leave the iron on ? int . cabin the ship lurch from side to side . stella , cover in blood , kneel beside billy , a young man bandage head to toe , lie on a stretcher with lot of i.v. bottle hang around he . a U.S. army general stand next to he -- imagine General patton . stella General Walker be here , billy . he want to talk to you . general WALKER billy , if we get through this thing alive , I would like you to get this letter to my mother . he hand billy a letter . int . cockpit Elaine be monitoring various dial . Ted be at control and on the radio . ted ( on radio ) a electrical fire in the core have play havoc with the rok - 4000 computer . it 's lock we on a direct line with the sun and there 's no way we can go to manual . Captain oveur already try it and he 's ... oveur ( o.s. ) ( from floor ) Giants sixty ... Rams ... zip ... ted ... become a intolerable bore . the rest of the crew have be lose ­and we be out of coffee . also , we be start to feel the sun 's heat pretty bad . striker wipe he forehead . Elaine hold a tan reflector up to she face and turn to the sun . int . cabin passenger sweat profusely . sfx : jungle sound . a man slap a mosquito on the back of he neck . four men sit nude to the waist , wrap in towel as if in a steam bath . man one it 's eight - thousand square foot with great parking and a twenty - year lease with option to buy . man two you can not lose , Al . man three he can lose . I have see it happen a thousand time . ext . ship - space it shoot towards sun . int . mission control mccrosky sit at a monitor , talk into a mike and look down at a book . behind he two controller make a dope deal -- a baggie of grass for cash . we only see they midsection and hand . mccrosky striker , this be Jack mccrosky , chief controller . I want you to listen to I and listen good . the buyer check out the baggie -- it 's mostly twig . the seller be try to explain the situation with he hand . mccrosky twenty year ago I help a young pilot through a storm over Chicago . the buyer grab the seller 's shirt and try to get cash back . a fight ensue . mccrosky he do not have a crew either . he say he could not do it . but when the go get tough that kid pull it together . the seller 's shirt be rip . knive be pull . mccrosky you might have read about he ; he make all the big papers and the canadian jewish News . the seller be stab . mccrosky I do not know where he be today but if he be up there right now , I know he would find some way to turn that bucket around and get the hell out of there , pronto ! angle on jacob jacob I wish I could talk like that -- so macho yet so sensitive . angle on mccrosky' book - " pep talk for all occasion " mccrosky slam it shut . mccrosky I just hope I say the right thing . ted ( v.o. ) I be afraid you give the wrong speech . mccrosky . I be not you problem . it 's this ship . that computer 's go bananas . mccrosky ( hold up the book ) why the hell be we still use the old manual ! burn this book ! a smile blonde man in a white sweater with " moral majority " on the front walk by and take the book . mccrosky ( on radio ) just hold on , striker , we will get back to you . int . cockpit Ted write a note to Elaine and hand it to she -- it read , " we must find some way to blow that computer ! " Elaine look a bit nervous and lick she lip . they look up at rok 's pulsate eye . testa poke she head in . she 's soak with sweat . testa the cabin temperature be rise . the passenger want to know what 's happen up here . ted let we handle this end of thing . now what 's the coffee situation ? testa it just will not drip ! I have try everything . and the passenger be drop like fly from the heat . int . cabin sfx : fly buz passenger reel and drop to floor . int . cockpit ted Elaine , I be go back there . just hold onto that stick and try to control this hunk of tin as best you can . elaine Ted , please be careful . Ted leave . we hear a enormous crash on the other side of the door . int . mission control joe dimaggio ( mr. coffee ) , drink a cup of coffee , rush in accompany by a ground control officer . officer ( to Joe ) it do not look good . the drip seem to be jamme up pretty bad . mr. coffee do they change the filter and wait for the brew sign to light up ? officer ( stop and look Mr. coffee in the eye ) to tell you the truth , sir , I do not really know . music : dramatic sting . angle on six controllers one hold a hat , one pull a slip of paper from it . controller 3 ( read he slip ) eighty -three . what 's that mean ? controller with hat if eighty - three passenger die , you win the two hundred buck . angle on mr. coffee and officer they approach mccrosky . officer Mr. mccrosky , Mr. coffee . coffee , mccrosky . mccrosky thanks for come down so soon . mr. coffee ( check watch ) I will not come down for another couple hour . mccrosky I will put you on the radio with striker . jeez you look familiar . do you ever play water polo ? mr. coffee not to my knowledge . mccrosky I think so . ext . ship - space it roar towards the sun . the nose of the ship begin to glow red . newspaper headline spin : new york time " MERCURY shuttle head for disaster " london time " deep space death certain " jerusalem post " they shouldn't have gone in the first place " BUFFALO local news set film inset : apartment FIRE set logo read , " news 4 BUFFALO . " anchor 1 four alarm fire rage through downtown buffalo ! film inset : rocket go off course anchor 2 mercury shuttle head for sun . tokyo local news set film inset : apartment FIRE set logo read , " news 4 tokyo " anchor 1 ( subtitles ) four alarm fire gut Tokyo apartment . film inset : shuttle model in mouth of godzilla . sfx : scream . anchor 2 ( subtitles ) mercury mission in death struggle . moscow local news set film inset : apartment FIRE set logo read , " news 3 moscow . " a gun be hold to anchorman be head . anchor 1 ( subtitles ) four alarm fire in downtown Moscow clear way for glorious new tractor factory . film inset : rocket go off course anchor 2 ( subtitles ) capitalist , imperialist adventurism end in space disaster . ABC " nightline " super : " gay unmarried vegetarian mother against space TRAVEL " woman if this country be run by vegetarian woman who 's old man desert they after knock they up instead of by meat-eate male , this thing never would have happen . ext . terminal - day a banner hang over terminal door : " houston welcomes space disaster PRESS . " closeup of attache case be carry to the door -- sticker on it read , " national enquirer . " closeup of another case come from other direction -- sticker on it read , " national STAR . " the case meet . loosen to reporter . enquirer ( to STAR ) I never forget a face . ' Texas doctor claim sex with chicken cure baldness ? ' STAR ' severe leg grow back after Utah man find Christ ? ' enquirer / STAR Long time no see . they shake hand and turn into the terminal . int . mission control controller stand over Mr. coffee -- everyone sip coffee and smoke cigarettes . mr. coffee ( on radio ) have you get the back panel off the brew manifold ? int . cabin Ted have the coffee machine apart , wear a headset and hold wire in pliar . anxious passenger with coffee cup stand over he -- they be all totally wire and go cold turkey . ted ( into headset ) check . mr. coffee ( v.o. ) there 's a terminal at the base of the coil . that 's you contact point . a passenger bend down and pick a coffee bean off the floor . passenger be this a coffee bean ? all passengers ( maniacally ) he 's get a bean !! a riot ensue . the " bean " passenger be beat to death . ted ( into headset ) it look like the solder point have melt . int . mission control mr. coffee ( enraged ) just what I think . when the hell will you people realize that add extra water after the initial brew cycle overheat the system !! now listen to I , striker , and listen good . ext . ship - space it careen towards the sun . int . mission control detective hallick storm in and up to mccrosky . he flash he badge . detective hallick who 's in charge here , mister ? mccrosky mccrosky , Control . detective hallick hallick , homicide . jacob Jacobs , Pisces . kruger kruger , Sagittarius . commissioner commissioner , Aquarius . detective hallick we have information that one of you passenger be carry a bomb and might be suicidal . mccrosky where would you get this information , Captain ? detective hallick we have we method . kruger and what method be that ? detective hallick have you hear of the heimlich method ? mccrosky the method of save someone choke on a piece of gristle ? detective hallick exactly . kruger / mccrosky /commissioner we be familiar with it . detective hallick good . this be the passenger 's wife . Mrs. Joe salucci . she approach very distress look . mccrosky what make you think you husband might want to blow up that shuttle , mar 'am ? she go into she purse for the insurance form . mrs . salucci this insurance policy . a large ivory color vibrator drop out of she purse , hit the floor , and flip on . they all look at it . mrs . salucci a electric tooth . ( hand mccrosky the insurance form ) joey be suppose to go to Des Moines for a operation to cure he impotence . mccrosky the Des Moines Institute ? mrs . salucci then you know it . kruger / mccrosky /commissioner yes , we be familiar with it . mrs . salucci well , I find out joey get on this shuttle instead and ... detective hallick the way I read it , blowin ' up a plane in space leave no trace , if you know what I mean . kruger I be not exactly sure what you mean , Captain . detective hallick no blood . no body . no bone . no eye . no ear . no throat . mccrosky ( look at form ) this be $ 500,000 worth of insurance ! kruger , commissioner , and hallick all whistle " wow ! " mccrosky just a second . this be insurance on he car ! mrs . salucci that 's what worry I . kruger he 's impotent . commissioner he 's suicidal . all and he 's stupid ! music : dramatic sting . another area mr. coffee ( into radio ) this be it , striker . you get one shot and one shot only . int . cabin striker stand over the coffee machine , sweat like mad . the passenger with cup hang over he . he make contact with a wire . ted ( to self ) contact . the machine explode . coffee gush out like a oil well come in . the passenger dance under the gusher of brown liquid , mouth open and cheer . int . mission control mccrosky how be we go to handle this bomb nut ? controller 2 ( rush up with printout ) here be the test we run on they computer . I have they vxerox for you . mccrosky how would they come out ? controller 2 upside -down , but I turn each page over and put they in order . I be afraid that computer be totally capable of take control of that ship . mccrosky let 's keep cool . there 's gotta be a way to control it . he light a cigarette . controller 3 ( rush up with diagram ) this be they position calculation . they have get about ten minute before they start to burn up . mccrosky keep calm . a lot can happen in ten minute . ( to self ) what next ? he sip he coffee . controller 4 ( rush in ) Sir , you headlight be on and you door be lock ! mccrosky ( spitting out coffee , Danny Thomas style ) Jesus !! I will be right back ! mccrosky race out . ext . ship - space it head closer to the sun . the nose be glow . int . cockpit Elaine be check computer . the cockpit be steaming now . she unbutton she uniform just as Ted come in . elaine Ted , we have only get ten minute . ted ( think she want sex ) not now , Elaine . elaine I mean until we start to burn up . Ted take he seat and look at a panel gauge . ted we be closer to the sun than I estimate . insert - gauge one be label " exact distance " and read , " 76.50 " . the other be label " estimated distance " and read , " 5689465932.09 " . back to scene kruger ( v.o. ) come in , mayflower . this be Bud kruger . over . ted ( on radio ) this be striker . int . mission control kruger ( on radio ) look , striker , I do not know how you get into that driver 's seat but I want Simon kurtz on that radio and I want he now ! int . cockpit ted ( on radio ) kurtz be the one who get we into this mess in the first place . you people know this ship be not ready to fly . you play God with over a hundred life , kruger , and for what -- the prestige of you precious space program . elaine that be very well put , Ted . int . mission control Jacobs stand next to kruger rub he forefingers together in the " shame , shame " sign . kruger ( on radio ) striker , you be head right for the sun , so do not you think it 's a little late for that bleed heart liberal crap now ? int . cockpit elaine he 's get a point , Ted . int . control room - angle on jacob at a scoreboard there be column under kruger 's and striker 's name . striker have two check mark . Jacobs give kruger one . int . cockpit ted ( on radio ) call I a bleed heart , but if we get through this thing I be prepare a paper on alternative spend directive recommend the transfer of space program fund to low cost housing . int . mission control kruger ( on radio ) just put kurtz on that radio !! mccrosky rush in and grab the mike from kruger . mccrosky ( enraged ) look , kruger , you and you people have cause enough trouble already . I do not care about you political game , I care about only one thing , the life of that people up there !!! out of my control room !! jacob someone 's car would not start . mccrosky ( on mike ) striker , this be mccrosky . give I five minute and keep you finger cross . ( to stinson ) stinson , get I the mayflower plan ! ( to Controller 3 ) you , clear this table ! jacob I will get the card and bridge mix . mccrosky and someone get I the sarg ! CUT to : closeup of sarg lean over the ship 's plan . he be eat another cigar . all controller stand around he . sarg that 's my little girl , my little darlin' , my sweetheart , my honey , and you want to blow she belly out with that bomb . if you blast here in the computer core and the fuselage do not give way here and the main communication line to the cockpit hold here and this baby here do not jam this little old unit up here and throw about two ton of hot steel through here like a hot knife through butter and the upper and lower ... mccrosky what 's you point , sarg ? sarg I have no point . mccrosky then it 's settle . the bomb be striker 's only chance . be there any question ? controllers no sir . mccrosky that be answer , I ask for question . controller 3 should a man in he forty have a circumcision ? mccrosky absolutely . int . cockpit ted well , Elaine , this might be it if that guy on the ground do not think of something . elaine I just want you to know , I love you Ted and always will . sfx : radio beeps ted that might be the news we have be wait for . he grab radio . mccrosky ( v.o. ) I have get some news for you , striker . Ted and Elaine smile hopefully at each other . ted ( on radio ) Roger . mccrosky ( v.o. ) one of you passenger be carry a bomb and be suicidal . music : dramatic sting elaine a b... she cover she mouth . mccrosky ( v.o. ) no , a bomb . int . cabin Joe salucci wipe he brow , lay he case on he lap . angle on front of cabin Ted and Mary huddle . ted which passenger be Joe salucci ? mary sixteen ' C ' , why ? ted he 's carry a bomb . mary a b... she cover she mouth . ted no , a bomb . now , as discreetly as possible , I want you to move the passenger into the lounge . mary what should I say ? ted anything . just do not let salucci think we be onto he . Ted move down the aisle . Mary get on the p.a. mary would everyone not carry a bomb please move to the lounge . the passenger go nut scream , " a bomb !! " joe ( jump up with he case ) do not anyone move ! all the passenger pile up in a ceiling - to - floor wall behind Ted -- he extend he arm , hold they back . ted Mr. salucci , listen to I . Ted take a step forward away from the wall of passenger -- the wall crumble . ted Joe , you do not want to blow that thing and kill all this innocent people . joe I do not want to live anymore . ted Joe , the insurance policy will not help you wife and kid . you buy auto insurance , not life insurance . joe what ? ted ( inching up on he ) that 's right , Joe . now , no one 's go to hurt you and no one have to know what 's wrong with you . joe you be sure ? ted I be sure . Ted be almost up to Joe when : jimmy ( yell ) that 's the guy from the terminal who can not get it up !! Joe bolt . passenger panic . Ted tackle he . the case fly into the air in slow motion . it turn slowly , hang for the longest time as we CUT , still in slow motion , to horrify face watch it . this slow motion sequence last for about 60 second -- people put on make - up , do macrame , read , etc . -- while the case be still in the air . suddenly , scrap leap high into the air in slow motion and come down with the case between he tooth . int . mission control controller huddle over one monitor . mccrosky get that bomb , striker ! get that bomb ! elaine ( v.o. ) come in , Control ! we have the bomb !! all controllers he 's get the bomb !! jacob this be just like a election in Iran . int . cockpit Ted be back at the control -- the cockpit be incredibly hot now . ted this heat 's get unbearable . he look down and see two egg fry on the dash . elaine but it be a dry heat , Ted . int . mission control controller be group around the plan . mccrosky do we use the bomb to blow that computer or be there another way ? I want to know what everyone think . controller 2 ( v.o. ) I think ... ( change mind ) ... no . controller 3 ( v.o. ) we could knock out the wall between the cockpit and cabin , and hang plant . controller 2 ( v.o. ) I think ... ( change mind ) ... no . controller 4 ( v.o. ) you can not knock that wall out . that 's a support wall , asshole . controller 2 ( v.o. ) I think ... ( change mind ) no . controller 5 ( v.o. ) do I flush ? mccrosky then it 's settle . we use the bomb . ( grab radio ) striker , mccrosky . int . cockpit mccrosky ( v.o. ) we have go over the blueprint and you have get only one option . ted ( on radio ) I know what you be go to say , mccrosky -- knock out the wall between the cockpit and cabin and hang plant . mccrosky ( v.o. ) forget it . that 's a support wall . use the bomb . elaine the b... she cover she mouth . mccrosky ( v.o. ) I keep tell you , not the b... the bomb !! ted ( almost to self ) why , you would have to be crazy to try a stunt like that . Elaine look at Ted . int . cabin all passenger look forward in Ted 's direction . int . cockpit super the womb over Ted 's face . doctor' voice you be too low in the womb , striker ! you have get to come out foot first ! lose super . ted ( grab case ) Elaine . I be go back there . elaine Ted ... I love you . be careful . Ted leave . sfx : crashing musical instrument int . mission control mccrosky ( to he controller ) I want everyone on they toe for this one . angle on jacob handing out ballet slipper to the controller who be pass a joint down the line . mccrosky and if anyone have any idea , I want to hear they now . jacob how about a show just like Hollywood square but with kid . Gary coleman could host . int . cabin the passenger stand in the aisle listen to Mary . mary now I want everyone to move to the front of the cabin . passenger move calmly . mary that 's fine . stay calm . we just want everyone as far away from the blast as possible . the passenger panic and stampede right over she . int . computer core Ted wear a gas mask and attaches the time - bomb to the computer . rok what be you do , Ted ? why be you wear that mask , Ted ? Gas spew out of a vent . Ted make sure he gas mask be tight . int . cabin Simon be dress in space suit and move down the aisle . Elaine hold onto he . elaine Simon ! wait ! what be you do ?! they pass Father o'flanagan . he have a bongo drum at he seat . o'flanagan under the ' b' , sixteen ! simon I have lose the ship and now I have lose you , Elaine . I be get out . elaine Simon , I do not want it to end like this . we can be friend ! you will die out there . simon maybe . elaine Simon , what be you say ?! Simon step into a hatch labeld , " escape capsule " . simon I be say , I can not take the singles scene again , Elaine . the hatch door slam shut . a passenger pass with a sandwich board that read , " jesus be a single . " elaine Simon , no ! Jimmy appear and yell through the window on the hatch . jimmy you want to talk about it now , Commander ? the capsule eject . int . kruger' office the commissioner stand in front of the painting of astronaut on black velvet . he be on the phone . commissioner give I the President of the United States . tell he it 's the commissioner . ( to kruger ) I do not know how the old man 's go to take this . int . oval office the president pose for a photo session : closeup of President hold aloft in a victory salute , the hand of two black man . on the camera flash we loosen to reveal the bodiless arm of two black mannequin . a aid hand the phone to the President . aid Houston , sir . president ( take phone ) this be the President ... what ?!... what ?! he walk past a wall of photo of past president : JFK , Johnson , Nixon , Ford , Carter , Reagan , Reagan older , Reagan much older , merv griffin , a chimp , and this President . split screen : president and commissioner commissioner I do not think that shuttle 's go to make it , sir . the President pass a arab pile million in cash onto he desk . president damnit , mister , the dignity and integrity of this presidency depend on the success of that mission . and that 's my last word ! commissioner yes , sir . they both hang up and , make sure no one be watch , pick they nose . wipe to full screen of oval office aid what 's we strategy on this one , sir ? president I work for the people of this United States , Frank . I have to do what 's best for they . ( grab the red phone ) Al , kill social security , cancel school lunch only for the poor , dismantle welfare , close all hospital and public toilet , green light the mx - 6 , invade Brazil , and bring my horse around after my nap ! int . cockpit Ted be at the control . Elaine rush in . elaine Simon just eject ! ted sit down , Elaine . if this bomb trick work we just might make it . Simon be a fool to eject now . elaine you mean ... ted that 's right -- premature ejection . elaine what will happen to he , Ted ? ted the sun will heat that thing to over 450 degree within second . he will roast like a pig on a spit . ext . escape capsule - space we see a roast on a spit through the window . int . computer core the clock on the time bomb tick down . int . cockpit ted ( look at wristwatch ) be you afraid ? elaine not when I be with you , Ted . ted I guess you would have to be a fool not to be afraid at a time like this . int . cabin Mrs. gooch suck on she cushion -- she 's totally zonk on acid . man next to her be you afraid ? mrs . gooch ( look at she hand ) be this my hand ? father o'flanagan ( to stella ) be you afraid ? stella I be a nurse . I can not afford to be afraid , Father . another area jimmy ( to scrap ) be you afraid , scrap ? scrap ( he bark once , subtitle translate ) now when there 's a guy like Ted striker up there , Jimmy . ( he bark one more time -- subtitles ) now how about a little scratch on the inner thigh ? int . cockpit testa stand over Ted with a clipboard . testa fifty -six percent of the passenger be afraid . twenty - nine percent be not afraid . eight percent be undecided and seven percent think Israel should give back Finland . ted you better strap yourself in , testa. ( on radio ) Mission control , this be mayflower . over . mccrosky ( v.o. ) go ahead , striker . ted ( on radio ) we have get about 60 second before that thing blow . we be set to reprogram for mercury at zero point five worp . int . mission control mccroksy ( on radio ) Zero point five worp ?! striker ( v.o. ) that 's right . when the bomb explode we be go to have a ten foot hole in the fuselage and I want to get there as fast as I can . I know what this snip can do , mccrosky . mccroksy ( to controller ) no one 's ever travel at that speed before . jacob last spring we do Europe in nine day . ext . ship - space it careen towards the sun . int . computer core bomb clock tick down . int . cabin Mary instruct passenger . mary head between the knee ! ( look down aisle ) between you own knee , Father ! o'flanagan look around guiltily . int . mission control mccrosky address he troops . mccrosky I do not find it easy to talk at a time like this , but I want to say something about that guy up there . I can sum it all up in one word -- courage , dedication , spirit , pride , selflessness , and g-u - t 's , gut . striker 's get more gut in he little finger than most of we have in we large intestine . he 's get gut up to he eyeball , gut come out of he ear . controller start play card , do needlepoint . mccrosky sure it 's a cliche but great shortstop be bear , not make , and a clown be funny in the circus but when he get on the highway , he 's murder . it bugge I too when Mr. Ed refuse to talk when the neighbor come over but ... int . computer core the bomb tick down and blows . int . cockpit the ship shake violently . Ted fight for control . insert - speedometer slow back to scene sfx : engine whine subside . the ship start bump as if it 's hit a rough road . ted ( on radio ) we have blow the computer ! ( to Elaine ) Elaine ! set course change ! elaine ( flip a switch ) set ! ted now ! elaine ( push a button ) compute ! " compute " sign flash . Ted pull a acceleration lever . ted here go . ext . ship - space it slow to a halt . int . cockpit Ted pull the lever hard toward himself . the ship shudder . ext . ship - space the ship slingshot in the opposite direction , disappear into the void leave a trail of light . int . cockpit insert - panel light , " 0.5 worp " back to scene ted ( on radio ) Point five worp ! int . mission control pan controller look intently into the night sky . pan to Mrs. salucci intently grip she vibrator -- it 's on . pan to Jacobs read variety -- headline : " paramount announce shuttle disaster pic ! " mccrosky Zero point five worp , that 's half the speed of light . we really have no idea what can happen to the human body at that speed . int . cabin two passenger ( contortionist ) with leg up over they shoulder and look out over they rear end , play card . int . cockpit the interior vibrate . a psychedelic blaze of multi-color light illuminate the interior . Ted struggle with the control . mccrosky ( v.o. ) striker , we be monitoring you . you be right on course . at that speed you should hit mercury in about six minute . so give yourself enough time to kill that worp engine . int . mission control mccrosky ( on radio ) we will be out of radio range in a few second . I be go to put you in contact with mercury base Alpha beta for you final descent . over. ( off mike ) stinson , who 's in command of Alpha beta ? stinson Al hammil ? controller 3 not anymore . it 's rex Kramer , now . mccrosky not rex Kramer ! controller 3 no , rex Kramer . ext . MERCURY - night we see the Alpha beta base in distance with a alpha beta neon sign flash . sfx : wailing submarine siren . super : MERCURY base , alpha beta int . alpha beta base - corridor sfx : wailing submarine siren . four uniform officer race to they post around a corner and collide with four other racing around the corner from the other direction . int . elevator - alpha beta base rex kramer watch the floor flash by on the panel above the door . insert - floor light , " level 1 - power station " o.s. we hear a dog growling and fight with something . closeup of kramer kramer I know this guy , Ted striker . I fly with he during the war . he be a crack pilot but he do not have it in the crunch ... that be ... insert - floor light , " level 3 - live quarter " back to scene kramer until that day over Chicago . he bring that bust up 767 out of that storm like a paper glider come outta the baby blue . insert - floor light , " level 5 - women' shoe , bedding , appliance " . " level 6 - designer jeans " . back to scene kramer but fly that shuttle be a whole different ballgame . the elevator door open . Kramer step out into the communication room . sfx : submarine siren wail . pan down to floor of elevator to find a young officer -- carey -- tear to shred and fight off Kramer 's golden retriever dog . the door close . Kramer approach a officer . kramer what 's the latest , Lieutenant ? officer they will hit we atmosphere in about three minute , if they hold together . they have lose they computer and be come in at zero point five worp on manual control , sir . int . cockpit Ted shift a stick shift on the steering column . int . alpha beta communications room Kramer look at the big screen . sfx : submarine siren wail . kramer down scope ! a submarine periscope drop . Kramer look for the shuttle . kramer he will never bring that thing in on manual , but I guess striker 's they only hope . insert - periscope shot of WWII ship back to scene kramer it 's he ship now . he 's the top dog . insert - periscope shot of shore line from WWII film back to scene kramer the big man . the numero uno honcho . insert - periscope shot of desert back to scene kramer the head cheese . insert - periscope shot of the ed sullivan show -- ed wave goodnight . back to scene Kramer step away from the scope . it drop down . a man in a barber chair be on the other end of the steel column and come to rest on the floor . officer 2 Sir , we have radio contact . int . cabin testa talk to the passenger . psychedelic light flash . testa ( yell ) we be travel at one half the speed of light . there be nothing to worry about . however , you might experience some temporary metabolic change . angle on woman her beard grow . insert - closeup of sanitary napkin dispenser a flurry of hand empty it in two second . angle on texan he have turn into a hassidic rabbi . int . cockpit Ted be fight to maintain control . kramer ( v.o. ) striker , this be rex Kramer on Alpha beta . do you read I ? over . Ted and Elaine give startle look of recognition . kramer ( v.o. ) that 's right , ted. rex Kramer . we have lock you on track beam . you be go to have to kill that worp engine in exactly thirty second . over . int . mission control everyone tensely look out the window into the night sky . mccrosky there 's nothing else we can do for that people out there now , except pray . the entire room explode in a up - beat Southern baptist ' rendition of " he's got the whole world in he hand " . int . cockpit kramer ( v.o. ) now , striker ! kill worp ! Ted push he worp lever forward but it come off in he hand . elaine Ted , the lever ! ted ( on radio ) Kramer , the worp control handle just come off in my hand . kramer ( v.o. ) try another handle ! ted there be no more handle , only switch . kramer ( v.o. ) no button ?! ted ( look around madly ) just switch , light , and knob . int . alpha beta communications room kramer ( look at button and lever on he panel ) I would give my right arm to get just one of this button or lever up there right now . ( on radio ) okay , striker . you be go to have to pull that lever panel off . int . cockpit ted ( to Elaine ) screw driver ! she hand he a vodka and orange juice . Ted throw it on he face . he reach down and rip the panel off , expose all sort of wire . kramer ( v.o. ) now find a piece of metal and stick it in there . Ted look around for a piece of metal . Elaine pull a bobby pin from she hair . elaine will this work , Ted ? her long brown hair fall sexily . she sweep it back with a toss of she head . Ted be overwhelm by she . ted thanks . ( on radio ) I have get something that might work . int . alpha beta communcation room ted ( v.o. ) a bobby pin . Kramer and aids exchange a look which question Ted 's sexuality . kramer what the hell be a man do with a ... forget it . ( on radio ) it will have to do , striker . int . cockpit Ted stick the bobby pin into the wire . spark fly . the ship start slow up . sfx : the engine whine subside . insert - speedometer winding down back to scene ted it 's work . int . communications room Kramer stand in front of the huge screen . a small ship appear in the distance come right at we . kramer ( on radio ) okay , striker . we have you on visual . just keep she level . ext . ship - space it careen towards the planet surface . int . cockpit it start bounce wildly . ted she 's come apart ! int . cabin passenger scream . int . news set - BUFFALO the anchorman scream . super : " editorial " . int . news set - tokyo the anchorman scream . super : " editorial " . ( in Russian look print . ) int . HOTEL lobby - rio montenegro the desk clerk scream . int . cockpit kramer ( v.o. ) keep she nose up ! do not fight she ! ted I be try but she 's fight I ! a box glove spring from the dash punch Ted in the face . elaine Ted , that 's Alpha beta ! angle out ship window - night we see the light of a small colony on planet surface . the Alpha beta neon sign be visible . int . alpha beta communications room Kramer sit in a large swivel chair -- like Captain kirk 's on the Enterprise bridge . as he talk , he nonchalantly swivel so he back be to the huge window . we see the mayflower approach on the screen . kramer ( on radio ) now , striker , there be a few thing you have to keep in mind as you get close to the planet 's atmosphere . angle on communcation room personnel they watch in horror as the mayflower come shoot at they . kramer ( on radio ) first and foremost you have to make one very important decision . int . cockpit Elaine look out the window -- horrify . elaine Ted ! we be not stop !! Ted fight the control . kramer ( v.o . ) be this a landing you be sure you can make without endangering the life of you passenger ? int . alpha beta communications room angle on personnel they run for cover . angle on the screen the mayflower come right at the screen and crash through it . Kramer still have he back to the screen and do not notice what have happen -- the room behind he have be totally demolish . kramer ( on radio ) now , once you have make that decision you have to be very clear about you responsibility to that people on that ship . int . cockpit the front window be break . Ted and Elaine be cover in debris . Elaine 's eye grow wide with terror again . elaine Ted ! ext . planet surface a group of scientist stand at a keyboard synthesizer . one play the series of note from close encounters . suddenly the mayflower appear over a hill . they all jump for cover as it crash through the synthesizer . int . cockpit Ted and Elaine be cover in piano key . kramer ( v.o. ) they life , they future , they goal and aspiration be in you hand , striker . ext . planet surface the mayflower bounce across the surface . int . cabin Mary maneuver down the aisle . passenger be scream and be toss around . mary ( to one passenger ) seat back up . thank you . she look up and see foot dangle from the ceiling . a man have go right through the ceiling up to he waist . mary ( look up ) Sir , you really must take you seat . int . alpha beta communcation room kramer ( on radio ) we be all with you on this one , striker . now get ready to position landing gear , cut engine , and fire you retro­rockets . ext . planet surface - dawn the mayflower careen to a smoking , crunching , shatter stop . int . cabin Mary and testa start direct panic-striken passenger to the exit . int . alpha beta communications room kramer ( on radio ) timing 's of the essence on a lame duck approach , striker . do not fight she . hold she steady . nose up . ext . ship on a hill - dawn Ted and Elaine stand look down on the wreckage . in b.g. , siren wail , emergency light flash across Ted and Elaine . voice ( o.s. ) you will be all right ! everyone 's go to be okay ! Ted hold Elaine . kramer ( v.o. ) do not fight she , striker . hold she ! hold she ! stay with she , striker ! Ted and Elaine kiss . kramer ( v.o. ) now , hit you landing gear and cut that engine ! int . alpha beta communications room kramer ( on radio ) timing 's everything , striker ! Fire you retro-rockets ! ext . planet surface - dawn Ted and Elaine walk off into the distance . sfx : siren from crash area in distance . kramer ( v.o. ) ( voice fade ) now give she full flap and keep that nose up . okay , now ! elaine Ted , what 's go to happen to we ? Ted stop and look into the distant , dark sky . a print crawl begin : music : optimistic theme crawl far , far away in the deepest region of our vast solar system , a SMALL , brave group of pioneer embark on a bold new adventure . there mission : to OPEN up a new frontier . there goal , to build a brave new world . Ted and Elaine walk towards crawl and be approach by two strange creature -- bald with a shock of hair sprout from the top of they head . creature hello , we would like you to have this flower . we be with the Church of mercurial consciousness . would you like to make a donation ? the end