fox STAR studio present neerja a bling unplugge & Fox Star studios production directed by Ram madhvani Story & screenplay saiwyn quadras dialogue sanyuktha chawla Shaikh draft 24 - april 7th,2015 [ pre - shoot draft ] ext . karachi airport / barricade - night Super : 4th september 1986 - 9:00 pm karachi bird eye view of Karachi airport . fully staff , air plane wait to take off , cargo be unload , luggage truck drive across , a plane in a distance gently taxing into the runway . the visual sharpen as we switch to a binocular Pov . a board read - karachi INTERNATIONAL airport the binocular pan - lax airport security staff , saunter about , without the alertness and pace expect at a airport . the binocular pan again and focus on a small half close gate - the guard exchange peanut / snack chat face away from the half open gate , leave the entry easily accessible . CUT to : ext . build terrace near karachi airport - night binoculars be put down to reveal al turk ( 45 ) stern expression on a intelligent and experience face . he check time on he wrist - watch - 9:35 pm . he move swiftly , get into a car and drive away , leave behind a cloud of dust CUT to : ext . neerja 's build compound - night mumbai - 9:30 pm . a taxi come to halt outside a residential complex as we hear a girl 's giggle neerja ( 0.s. ) poocho kitni baar ? saat baar ! hall mein ! anand ki toh ek ek line aati hain mujhe taxi driver waah waah mere mureed as the girl turn to the taxi driver , we reveal neerja bhanot ( 23 ) Big naughty eye , she natural beauty accentuate by a bright toothy smile . neerja mureed ? who 's mureed ? Im neerja ( continued ) continued : the taxi driver stick he head out as she step out taxi driver arre , mureed maane fan . jaise ki hum hai yusuf saab ke , maane dilip kumar ke neerja ( delighted ) oh , that 's true ! woh toh mai hoon jatin khanna maane rajesh khanna ki . acha toh hum chalte hain ( she sing ) she laugh as she pay he some extra money . taxi driver ( 0.s. ) thank you didi , allah lambi umr bakshe tumhe neerja ( rajesh khanna style ) Zindagi badi honi chahiye , lambi nahi babumoshai ! the taxi driver wave and drive away , neerja enter the complex . CUT to : ext . common compound , neerja 's build complex - moment later neerja walk towards the large garden area , a big banner read ' annual gala night 's everyone be sit look bored , the stage be occupy by child dance to a nursery rhyme . some people be snack on samosas , cake with paper plate in they hand and some have rasna / other color cold -drink . neerja 's mother rama [ ( 45 ) classic good look compromise by a constant frown ] be help the building watchman balance 3 - 4 snack and samosa fill paper plate and give he some instruction about share it with other . neerja spot she father harish bhanot [ ( 48 ) serious look man with gentle smile ] sit with a few same - age man . one of harish 's friend spot neerja walk with a bag and purse . friend : aa gayi aapki 3d . ( continued ) continued : harish ( really happy to see she ) daddy 's darling daughter ! rama oho ! khul gayi halwai ki dukaan , aap dono ke dekhte dekhte diabete ho jaana hain mereko tipsy the dog run up to neerja and start jump for she attention . harish shoot kaisa tha ? kitni tired lag rahi ho , ghar chale jao beta rama enter and take the frisky tipsy from neerja . rama : acha hua a gayi lado , pareshaan kar diya hain sab not poochte poochte , neerja kahaa hain , neerja kab aayegi , thak gayi hoon mai jawaab dete dete harish : kaam karke aayi yeh , aur thak gayi hai aap ? neerja laugh as she take some wafer from she dad 's plate and munch on it . rama : wafer kyun khaa rahi hain ? bhook lagi hain ? paronthia no khaai ? aur fruit ? Maine sab diya toh tha dabbo mein ! neerja : ( clearly lie ) haan mamma sab khaaya maine . she and she father share a look and neerja quickly make a excuse . neerja : uff , sab itna dull dull hain yahaan ! let get this party start , with kaka ji ! neerja open she bag and remove a walkman from inside and move away as rama place tipsy down . the camera stay on the mother as she remove the casserole in neerja 's bag and remove the paratha ( that neerja have not eat ) and feed it to tipsy . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) neerja be at the place where sharma sound system 's dj be play some nursery rhyme as the kid be continue to just stroll around on stage / dance area . neerja shut the tape and take the mike ... neerja bacha party , very good , now go , ( she turn to the building kid ) ready ? neerja then remove the cassette from the walkman . it read ' my fav rajesh khanna song 's and put it in one of the slot in the dual tape recorder connect to the speaker . she play a song then immediately stop and rewind it and play it again and ' bye bye miss goodnight 's start play . she pull the first set of old people sit in the front row neerja C ’mon everyone ! neerja continue to get everyone on they foot and be not take a no from a few people hesitant to get into the act . her mother and Father laugh and be tell they friend that there be no point resisting . neerja , face the people stand be coax they to follow she lead and show they rajesh khanna 's step . the song continue as we see the people lose quite a bit of they inhibition and follow neerja as she continue to dance . she tell she dad to hold she from behind and signal she mother to do the same . the people get the lead and a train -chain have be form . people laugh , smile , enjoy . neerja 's smile and exuberance be infectious . amidst all this she spot she oldest brother akhil mixing some alcohol from a miniature bottle into a glass . she catch he in the act . sneaking a cigarette , catch he in the act . akhil ( 26 ) handsome and shy be scared of he young sister as she have a stern look on she face . neerja shake she head as we see a flash and she turn in that direction to see that it be aneesh ( 24 ) cuter young version of harish bhanot , take the picture . she pull they both to join the train chain . Music continue , so do the laughter and rajesh khanna step . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) the bhanot family look like a happy family together as rama begin dance and neerja copy she . it be very evident that neerja be a reflection of she mother . neerja giggle as she return to the performance area . neerja take the lead once again , pay a genuine ode to she favorite movie star , sing the song loudly and dance in the quintessential rajesh khanna style . everyone clap and cheer she CUT to : ext . karachi market STREET - night karachi 10:00 pm a car come to a halt near a market road . Al Turk approach a crowded biryani stall . the man serve some customer immediately spot Al - Turk and call out to a assistant to assist the customer . Al - Turk take a corner table in the dingy shop as the man come to take the order . Al - Turk look up at the man and {almost cryptically ] order . al-turk : chaar plate biryani . special waali the man walk out of the frame as Al - Turk continue to sit there stare at the busy stall in front of he . the man break he gaze as he place a polythene bag on the table , and another bag near Al - Turk 's foot . Al - Turk without check the content pick both that bag and place a thick wad of note on the table and walk out . the man quickly pick up the bundle of note and put they in he kurta pocket . CUT to : int . neerja 's house - night the television be on . harish , rama ( remove she jewelry and place it on the table in front of she ) , akhil and aneesh be laugh as neerja manage a glass of water and at the same time imitate she mother dance . neerja : Hai to bhaiyaa ? aisi hi dance kar rahi thi to mamma ( continued ) continued : rama pare hutt bandar .. soja thodi der , thakti nai hai tu ? neerja pick tipsy in she arm and begin petting it . aneesh take a ' stardust 's Magazine and begin flipping through it . neerja arre haan ! sona chahiye thodi der ! mamma aap mujhe thodi der mein utha doge please ? rama tu woh le le to , sick leave . poora din shoot karke aayi hain .... neerja : nahi mar jaana padhega .. shanti not already chutti li hai . then neerja look at aneesh busy with the magazine . neerja aneesh bhaiyya yeh magazine mere liye baahar hi chhod dena please . mai saath le jaaongi . aneesh : ( look at she weirdly ) tu vaapas aake ke padh lena . neerja : please bhaiyya . mujhe plane mein padhni hai . aneesh : plane mein no padhegi toh marjaayegi ? aur vaise bhi pichli do baar tu bhool ka a gayi thi meri magazine . nothing do neerja be clearly unhappy but aneesh do not care and get back to he magazine . neerja : kanjoos . chalo main sonay jaa rahi hoon . just as she be leave , a tvc feature neerja begin to play on the tele . akhil call out to she and she stop to watch the ad . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) akhil : lado dekh ! teri ad ! kitni aunty type lag rahi hain . neerja stick she tongue out in response to she brother 's teasing and enter the bedroom . rama : kyon pareshaan karte rehte ho bechaari ko . akhil and aneesh look at each other and laugh . transition to : int . bakery / house - night karachi 10:30 pm two young boy fahad and Mansoor - [ both just about 18 year old ] new find moustache and beard slightly grow on they young face . fahad be munch on a piece of bread . fahad : ( in Arabic ) bhai bhook lagi hai . mansoor : ( in Arabic ) kab se intezaar kar rahe hain safirini - the 25 year old man look out through the window do not pay heed to they but another man khalil [ 25 ] big build , bearded face and drugge out eye look at the two boy with disdain . both the boy be almost scared of he glare . khalil : ( stern -steely tone ) khana a jaayega safirini spot the headlight of a car and turn back to the trio . his weary , withere face look older than the age of 25 . his demeanor and body - language clearly suggest that he be the mentor / leader of the trio sit there . he turn away from the window . int / ext . bakery - night Al - turk arrive in a auto rickshaw and we see a van park outside [ the Pakistan Airport Security Van which we will establish later ] . ( continued ) 10 11 continued : he get off with two bag in he hand , enter a shop where a few man in baniyan and lungi be stomping on big piece of dough . they do not pay any attention to Al - turk ; as if he be a regular there . he continue walk inside into a small passage that lead to a makeshift door . he knock thrice . int . bakery / house - night fahad and Mansoor look expectantly as khalil open the door and in enter Al - Turk with the bag . fahad and Mansoor get up from the corner they be sit in and go to the table where the bag be keep . the young boy get the biryanis out while on the same table khalil and safirini take out the content of the other bag - gun , rifle barrel , c4 bar and bullet . the normalcy of the food and gun be remove side by side be quite scary . int . neerja 's house - live room - night 5 th september 1986 1:00 be rama be knead dough in the kitchen . we can see potato and some green vegetable already prepped to make parathas . rama look at the clock it read 1:00 am rama walk into the live room as she unty she apron . she look at the wall clock again , harish be work busily on he typewriter . he look up harish mujhe pataa hain tum kya soch rahi ho , dus minute sone dogi toh daant padhegi . rama ae wi theek hain , CUT to : int . neerja 's house / bedroom - night rama enter the room , put the light on and gently wake neerja . tipsy follow rama jump on the bed and begin waking neerja by lick she face . neerja grumble . neerja : tch tipsy ! mamma please , sone do , ( continued ) 11 12 10 continued : rama ( gently carry tipsy and put it down ) le! soja , kissi not roka hain rama start to leave , neerja pull she to the bed , and put she head in she lap . rama settles she hair affectionately rama aise mazdooron jaise kaam karna jaroori hain ? modell enni changi chal rahi hain teri , yeh air hostess job chhod kyun no dendi neerja mamma I love my air hostess job rama yehi toh saara siyappa hain ! tere flight pe chadte hi blood pressure high ho jaanda hain mera . tera plane utaarta hain uske saath mera pressure . neerja aur samose khao meri flight ko blame karo , maine dekha toh aapko kal , teen khaaye to ? neerja turn away giggle rama chal uth ab ! she pull neerja back CUT to : int . intercut between neerja 's house bedroom and bakery house neerja put she make - up on . fahad and Mansoor wash they face . neerja wear she uniform . khalil , fahad and Mansoor wear some uniform as Al -turk and safirini watch they . safirini be dress in a pathani with a waist -coat . neerja wear the Pan be badge ( continued ) 12 13 14 11 continued : reveal the Karachi man 's uniform read Pakistan Airport Security neerja check she bag and shut the suitcase the Karachi man shut a heavy trunk with gun and grenade in it . safirini , khalil , fahad , Mansoor and al-turk be stand in a circle and and say the martyr 's prayer martyr 's prayer ( in Arabic ) hum mehnat karne waale hain . hum tayyar hain . hum apne maqsad ke liye kuch bhi kar sakte hain . iss magsad mein humaari joot hogi . CUT to : int . neerja 's house - night neerja sit with she head bow , in front of a big idol of goddess durga . rama appear from behind rama leh ! int . neerja 's house - night C / u of neerja 's hand hold by rama , its bare . rama kya matbal mile no rie ? mai keya si to , uttarna nai hain iss ring ko neerja exchange a look with harish sit at the table , rama toss neerja 's hand away . neerja be pack she vanity bag with the content that be currently on the table . make -up , lip-stick , hair accessory , etc . she remember some vhs tape , put they in a plastic bag and shove they in she big bag . rama displease , walk into the kitchen and get some freshly cook parathas and place it on the table . neerja be wear she lipstick as rama continue .. rama toofaan mail jaise phirna hain , yaa se waa , itne kaam kar let hain din mein , ek ring no sambhaal sakti ? Maine pandit ji se special teri safety ke liye li thi ( continued ) 14 12 continued : neerja : ( rajesh khanna style ) arey meri pyaari maa.. agar yeh hota toh voh nahi hota aur agar voh nahi hota toh shaayad yeh bhi nahi hota..hota toh vohi hai to jo ho to hota hai.. kya samjhe . neerja take she lipstick and pretend to apply it on rama 's lip as rama irritate , push neerja 's hand away . harish : waah kaka ji ! kaunsi film ka dialogue hai yeh ? neerja struggle with wear she earring neerja : ( still rajesh khanna style ) arey nadaan yeh toh original hai be . harish and neerja laugh . rama : ( irritate ) humor sense kitta jyaada changa hain aap dono ki hehe neerja : ( giggle ) ; mamma humor sense nai , sense of humor ! and I 'il be safe I promise the conversation be interrupt by a car horn neerja quickly get up from she seat , plant swift kiss on she parent cheek and be about to run out when she mother stop she and give she yogurt and sugar . neerja gulp it and hurry out of the house with she bag in tow . rama parothian khud bhi kha lena , sab baant mat dena . ( suddenly remember ) Hai rabba ! laado tera toh birthday hain 7 ko , miss ho jaayega ! neerja get she shoe from the shoe rack and start put they on neerja mamma birthday New York mein ! lekin mera gift leke rakhna ! bhoolna mat ok bye ( continued ) 14 15 13 continued : ( 2 ) rama arre par chaiye kya ... neerja daatne mein itne busy ho ke yeh bhi yaad nahi , maine dikhaya tha to woh yellow waala salwar suit ? mujhe wahi waala chaiye mamma , jiske dupatta mein woh chamki tha .. rama acha haan ! mai kal hi le aaongi , dhyaan se jaane beta , bye neerja rush out wave rama and harish walk to the window and look at jaideep ( 29 ) handsome , shy be wait for neerja . he spot they and wave to they from below - nervously smile . harish ( pensive ) mujhe jaideep ke baare mein pehle hi soch lena tha rama , lado ke liye isse behtar ladka nahi ho sakta , pataa nahi kyun maine uss naresh se .. rama look at she husband 's guilt-ridd face and lovingly smile at he . she place she hand on he and begin sweetly sing ' ajeeb dastan hai yeh ... 's both of they watch jaideep and neerja drive away CUT to : int . bakery / house - night karachi - 1:40 am Al - turk look at he watch . al-turk : ( in Arabic ) chalo . khalil : ( in Arabic ) Mansoor - fahad .. sab samaan gaadi mein daal do . Mansoor and fahad pick the heavy trunk and follow khalil outside . ( continued ) 15 16 17 14 continued : safirini walk up to Al -turk . safirini and al-turk be in a serious conversation as safirini be fidget with something under he kurta . safirini : ( in Arabic ) Mansoor aur fahad theek se kar paayenge ? train poori hain to inki ? safirini take the last sip from he cup try to hide the concern on he face . al-turk : ( in Arabic ) haan haan , kaam ke pakke hain dono , mujhe yahaan poori tafseel milti rahegi , ab hum milenge cyprus mein safirini keep the cup on the table . CUT to : ext . outside bakery / house - night khalil be watch the boy place the trunk in the back of a van . the camera reveal - Pakistan Airport Security write on it . all of they get into the car with khalil in the driver 's seat . khalil shut the door . CUT to : int / ext . car / bombay road - night jaideep be drive and neerja be seat next to he . she be wind a un-spool cassette with a pen . they body language clearly suggest that they be very comfortable with each other . neerja ( Russian accent ) I want to stay home and sleep , but instead I have to go on plane and serve stranger like they be family . jaideep chuckle jaideep bade expose ho gaye ho babumoshai ! ( continued ) 17 continued : 15 neerja : hanste hi rahoge ke kuch bologe bhi ? ab mujhe german accent mein batao tumhara din kaisa tha jaideep : din baut busy tha , accent mujhe aata nahi , neerja : waise toh mujhe bolne ka mauka nahi dete , humesha airport ke raaste pe hi itna chup kyun ho jaate ho ? jaideep : ( tease ) woh issiliye kyunki mai tumhe bahut dhyaan se sunta hoon neerja : how sweet ! jaideep : mai ek baar full and final samajh jaana chahta hoon ke tumhari awaaz ka kaunsa part mujhe sabse zyaada annoying lagta hain , tone , volume , accent neerja : haww ! be this true ? meri awaaz itni annoying hain ke uska analysis karna hain jaideep : ( dead serious ) haan . neerja sulk jaideep but .. its very strange , jab tum nahi hoti to , toh mujhe tumhari awaaz hi sabse zyaada yaad aati hain neerja haan haan kaan mein bajne waali annoying awaaz jaideep arre nahi , tumhari awaaz mujhe kaan se nahi dil se sunai deti hain babumoshai , I miss you and always with you annoying voice ( continued ) 17 18 16 continued : ( 2 ) neerja smile appease neerja tum mujhe miss karte ho jaideep of course ! neerja oh oh ! aage se leave jaldi ! jaideep lekin airport ? neerja please please do minute long shot of the car taking the left turn . CUT to : int . car / hoarding site - night neerja and jaideep have halt . neerja turn to jaideep and smile jaideep : dekho mai bahut ache ghar ka ladka hoon , I dont like where this be go . neerja giggle she whacks he playfully and point out of she window . jaideep move closer to she to see where she be point neerja tadaa ! see ! jaideep turn to see it be a huge benzer hoard of neerja as a bride . jaideep briefly take by how beautiful she look , break the moment jaideep : itna bhi nahi miss karoonga tumhe strain of love song begins jaideep : babumoshai yeh tumhara birthday present ( continued ) 18 17 continued : he get a few chocolate and a letter out of a the glove compartment , he give only the chocolate first neerja : ( british accent ) wow snicker ! my favorite ! oh but jai- deep how daft be you ? jaideep : daft ?? pataa hain kitni mehnat karni padhi neerja : ( french accent ) serve you right me cherie , you give chocolate to a air hostess , one I have to watch my weight , two I travel the world and can get this anytime . what be that in you hand ? she point to the seal envelope in he hand . jaideep : ( with purpose ) yeh tum sirf aur sirf apne birthday pe khol sakti ho , aur chocolate wapis kar do , tumhe toh kahi bhi kabhie bhi mile sakti hain he give she the letter . she take the letter and the chocolate neerja : ( italian accent ) do be rude , you can not take back a gift , stupid man . now drive , I be late ! drive I say ! neerja : ( rajesh khanna accent ) oh chal to be , nahi toh late ho jaayenge be jaideep drive chuckle jaideep : by the way , you make a beautiful bride babumoshai . neerja give he a perfunctory smile and stare out of the window as they drive away . CUT to : ( continued ) 18 19 18 continued : ( 2 ) love song shot -— neerja continue to talk and giggle as jaideep react , smile and listen to she . c/ U of neerja tenderly hold the chocolate and the letter - maybe she finger graze the envelope as if curious to know what be write in it . jaideep ask for a chocolate as he be feel hungry and she cutely refuse as if say they be all mine . ext . outside sahar INTERNATIONAL airport - night mumbai 2:25 am love song continue the car door open - jaideep and neerja have reach the airport . jaideep remove the one small bag and then pick she vanity bag . he pretend to be drag down by the weight of that bag . jaideep ooh ! badaa bhaari bag hain bhai ! neerja ( laugh ) tumhe kya lagta hain ? aise lagna ( she gesture to herself ) chota mota kaam hain ? jaideep mujhe lagta hain tumhare liye toh kaam hi nahi hain neerja blushes , they both look at each other and smile . neerja pick she bag . slight nervous silence between they . neerja : acha toh hum chalte hain ! jaideep : ( look at he watch ) ruko abhi time hain , its 2:27 , three minute more neerja [ face away from jaideep ] smile and then turn . ( continued ) 19 19 continued : neerja ( smile naughtily ) teen minute mein kya ho jaayega ? jaideep : ( rajesh khanna style ) kissi badi khushi ke intezaar mein hum yeh choti choti khushiyoon ke mauke kho dete hain neerja bawarchi ! wow you watch a rajesh khanna Film ! great ! jaideep : ( whisper ) tum jaanti nahi lekin kaka ji mere liye bahut badaa kaam karne waale hain neerja ( mock ) acha ? woh kaise ? jaideep look at she with a lover 's yearn , admire she childlike laughter . he be about to tell she something when they be interrupt by two young girl - Tina and debina [ 22 - 24 year old ] , dress in Pan - be air-hostess uniform , almost identical look because of the make - up and hair-style . suddenly neerja be blush and slightly on guard . debina : hi jaideep , Tina humaari kismet mein toh khadoos company driver hi likhe hai , do not you wish humaara bhi pick up itna cute hota jaideep blushes tina chalo we be late ! she pull neerja tina c'mon ! bye jaideep ! neerja catch between colleague at the last moment manage only a sideways embrace with jaideep , he face fall jaideep half-hug ? really ? ( continued ) 19 20 20 continued : ( 2 ) neerja : pst ( she point she chin to Tina and debina and make a sad face ) she quickly turn to see Tina and debina laugh at she as she walk towards the entrance of the airport . jaideep be wait for she to turn back and he suddenly remember something . jaideep ( call out ) neerja , letter ! birthday pe kholna ! love song continue but neerja do not turn and he watch she walk inside . slightly disappointed he turn back when suddenly he be surprised by arm around he neck - neerja 's . she hug he tight and whisper neerja : letter birthday pe hi kholoongi , I ’‘1l miss you , bye jaideep happily turn as neerja make a cute funny face , land a quick peck on the lip [ surprising jaideep ] , and run back . jaideep bye bye , miss good night last bit of the love song - music fade out . scene continue ext / sahar INTERNATIONAL airport.in2 . — sahap intppnattonat atrport / check in appa nicht a beam neerja walk towards Tina and debina wait for she . both of they smile and look happy for neerja . as they walk towards the gate lead to the entrance of the airport and wade through the crowd of people in and around the airport , debina begin talk . debina : jaideep be so cute , neerja ab toh tum shaadi kar hi lo tina Kar Le neerja , nahi toh yeh kar legi ! she have big crush on jaideep ( continued ) 20 21 21 continued : everyone laugh , neerja do not pay heed to the joke as she be lose in think . debina squeeze neerja 's hand and whisper debina : oh C ’mmon neerja , purani baatien bhool ja , be cool . woh shaadi arrange thi , yeh love hain , zindagi ko ek aur mauka toh de kar dekh CUT to : [ flashback 1 begins ] int . doha house , kitchen - night the kitchen counter be pile with take out box . neerja , still very much the blush bride , arm cover with the traditional ' chooda 's a spot of sindoor on she forehead , be organize the box and pull out serve trays and bowl . she react to some loud laughter from the live room . just then she husband naresh ( 28 ) serious look with a no nonsense attitude , appear , he have the bill for the food in he hand , he check it in disdain . naresh : tumhari maa bhi aisi hi hain kya ? apne pati se home delivery karwaati rehti hain ? for a second neerja do not know how to react but then assume he be joke , neerja meri mamma bahut acha khana banaati hain ! naresh : toh shaadi se pehlay seekh let unse . ke tumhe independent banaane ke chakkar mein kuch sikhaya hi nahi neerja : ( a little hurt ) I promise main jaldi seekh jaaongi . naresh : Problem pataa hain kya hain neerja , hume apni shakal dikhane ke paise nahi milte , hume mehnat karni padhti hain . aur dekho , meri mehnat ke paise kisme jaa rahe hain ? khana order karne mein . ( more ) ( continued ) 21 22 continued : naresh : ( cont 'd ) yeh saara kharcha mein darling daughter ke daddy se vasool karoonga , khana banaana tak nahi sikhaya tumahri maa not tumhe tsk tsk tsk neerja be stunne . she do not know what to say . neerja tum har baat mein mamma ko mat laao please ? hum manage kar lenge she pick up a plate of food to take it outside . naresh take it from she naresh : ( angrily ) tum yahi raho , mai le jaaoonga . neerja pick up another plate neerja ( try to make light of the situation ) khaana banaana nahi aata lekin serve toh karna aata hi hai . waise bhi mai tumhare doston ko hi toh bol loon , I do not want to be rude naresh extend he arm towards the wall and block neerja from go any further . naresh : jaisa mai boloon waise karo . yahi raho , baahar . mat. aana . samjhi . yeh sab saaf kaun karega ? naresh continue to glare at a scared neerja and take the tray from she hand . naresh walk out as neerja be stunne with naresh 's behavior . she start clear the counter and throw empty box , wrapper into the bin . friend ( 0.s. ) bhai aur kitna chupaayega apni model biwi ko ? naresh ( 0.s. ) Maine bola usse aane ko lekin pata nahi kehti hai ussay baahar nahi aana hai . friend ( 0.s. ) karne de naatak . nayi nayi shaadi hai to . dheere dheera line pe le aana usko . ( continued ) 21 22 23 24 23 continued : ( 2 ) all the friend laugh , neerja look hurt . CUT to : [ flashback 1 continue ] ext . doha mall - day neerja , wear dark glass , get out of the mall carry two big shopping bag . her body language be not that of the happy chirpy girl we be use to see so far . she walk up to a small tuck shop at the street corner , the shop owner ( 50 ) cheerful chubby Pakistan man greet she warmly he take the land phone and place it in front of she , she smile gratefully and dial [ flashback 1 continue ] int . ht office / harish 's cabin - day neerja 's father be give he feedback about a article to a junior journalist . harish : article toh theek hain , lekin tumhe nahi lagta tum kuch important bhool gaye ho ? harish : ( smile ) nahi main waise hi pooch raha hoon . junior journo : ( unsurely self - eritical ) uhh..sir..punctuation ?! he be about to say something further when the phone ring harish : hello ? intercut between phone booth and office cabin neerja : hello papa ? how be you ? harish : ( joy on he face ) hello mere 3d , how be you ? ( continued ) 24 24 continued : neerja : mai..mai theek hoon papa harish : aaj office mein kaise phone kiya ? mamma ko bataaoonga ki daddy 's darling daughter not sirf mujhse baat karne ke liye phone kiya toh badaa naraaz ho jaayegi , she ’1ll be so jealous ! [ laugh ] neerja do not respond and there be a few second 's silence . harish : kya hua beta ? be everything ok ? it be clear that there be a lot she want to talk about but control the quiver in she voice she reply neerja : papa woh mera ad hain agle mahine , aap uss agency ko phone karke bol do mai nahi a paaoongi . unka business card mere cupboard ... harish : ek minute ek minute , kyun nahi aaogi beta ? neerja : papa I think I should stop modell , shaadi ke baad acha nahi lagta yeh sab karna harish : ( surprised ) what ? yeh kaisi ajeeb si baatien kar raho ho laado , kis idiot not kahaa yeh sab tumhe , naresh ko bataaya ? he will laugh ( he laugh ) neerja : papa naresh not hi kahaa mujhe , unhe nahi lagta mujhe modell karni chahiye , aap cancel kardo please harish get the vibe of what neerja be imply . harish : bhai yeh toh galat baat hain , we have discuss this . ( more ) ( continued ) 24 25 continued : ( 2 ) harish : ( cont 'd ) shaadi se pehle unn sab not bola tha they will let you work , mai naresh se baat karoon beta ? he 'il understand ... neerja : ( get frighten at the think ) nahi papa , please aap naresh se kuch mat kehna , please papa , ( she voice break ) mamma se kehna I miss she , aur aneesh aur akhil bhaiya se bhi . harish react to she tear harish lado , bache , pehle toh hausla rakho , hausla hume har tagqleef se nikaal sakta hain . doosra , galat baat , to karna to sehna , teesra ... neerja : ( finish the sentence ) pehla aur doosra kabhie nahi bhoolna harish smile harish that 's my girl ! ab tum hi agar haanji haanji karne lag jaaogi toh kaise chalega . bahadur bacha kaun ? neerja : ( smile ) mai neerja hang up the phone and look into she purse , fish through it , then look up embarrassed neerja uncle mai next time de doo paise ? shop owner do worry bache , abba se baat ho gayi , bas . he give she a chocolate and smile kindly , neerja melt , as she have be completely bereft of kindness and affection , she smile through she tear neerja thank you ( continued ) 24 25 a/25 b/25 26 continued : ( 3 ) she walk away from the shop feel strong . flashback 1 end int . pan - am holding area bathroom - night - deleted int . plane - night mumbai - 3:00 am . camera pull back from neerja 's face as she be hold the intercom phone . she get information from dolly . dolly : all equipment be correct in number and serviceable neerja : thank you dolly . neerja click a button . neerja : ( cont 'd ) what 's the status ramesh ? ramesh : all equipment be correct in number and serviceable neerja : thank you . neerja place the receiver back and walk towards the staircase lead to the Upper section / cockpit area int . upper section - night neerja reach the upper section and ask the male steward station there for a status update . he give she a thumb up . neerja turn in the direction of the cockpit and knock on the door . the door be open by one of the co-pilot . neerja : hello . I be neerja bhanot and I be the head purser for this flight . capt . snipe . hello miss bhanot . all set ? ( continued ) b/25 26 a/26 continued : 27 neerja : absolutely ! we be raring to go Captain snipe capt . snipe . great ! CO - pilot bertrand : comment allez vous miss. bhanot ? neerja : je vais bien Captain . Bertrand . CO - pilot bertrand : all check do ? neerja : yes Sir captain snipe : excellent , adrien , Richard and I be do with we technical check too . all we need be some fuel at Karachi and lame lay over in Frankfurt . I wish we could fly straight to New York ! neerja : oh no ! please ! we need the lame lay over captain , we need more food and wine for the passenger ! so can we begin board ? capt . snipe . yes , please , let get this show on the road neerja thanks all of they and get out of the cockpit and take the stair to return to the lower section of the plane . int . pan - am holding area - night - deleted int . lower section - night neerja walk down the stair towards the front door . she inform the ground staff . neerja : ( cont 'd ) we be ready for board . transition to : 27 28 28 ext . karachi road - night karachi 3:10 am the Pakistan Airport security van drive through the darkness . the passenger in the car be sit silently . khalil 's Pov - he see a police checkpoint a few metre away and slow the speed of the car . he look scared and then through the rear-view look at safirini . safirini : ( in Arabic ) agar roke toh jaise maine samjhaya hain waise karna Mansoor and fahad wipe they nervously sweat face . the car approach the checkpoint and they be stop by the cop . the cop point they flashlight inside cause the passenger to squint . the cop look at they intently and then ask they for they id 's . all of they reach out to they pocket [ fahad and Mansoor 's hand on they gun ] when khalil speak up . khalil : ( urdu ) diplomat sahab hai Libya ke humaare saath , unhe ruksat karne aaye hain khalil ask safirini to show he diplomat passport . Mansoor and fahad be nervously stare ahead ready to use the gun as the cop check the passport . on be satisfied with what he have see the cop salute safirini the diplomat and signal the cop at the barricade to let the vehicle pass . everyone in the car breathes a sigh of relief and the two young boy ease the grip on the gun as khalil get back to the driver 's seat and drive through the barricade . int / ext . sahar airport / bus - night mumbai 3.15 am announcer : ( off - screen ) Pan be flight 73 to New York be ready to board . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 29 a/29 29 continued : announcer : ( cont 'd ) kindly request all passenger to board the flight from Gate no . 3 a first time flyer , anand parekh - 22 year old be restlessly wait to get out of the bus to board the flight . a couple of bus be see drive towards the plane . establish a few of the passenger . some of they look out of the window and the huge plane on which be write ' clipper Empress of the Seas 's both bus come and halt near the wing of the plane and a airport authority staff member allow a Pan - be attendant to walk out with 3 kid . gopal be patiently wait with he 5 month pregnant wife babita as he watch people jostle to get out of the bus and into the plane . int - plane entrance - night Tina , debina and neerja be wait in the front section ready to welcome the passenger now climb the stair while sanjana and dolly be man the rear gate . int . plane - night - front gate a Pan be attendant come towards neerja with 2 girl 8 - 9 year old and a boy of almost the same age . attendant : hi neerja three unm travel to Frankfurt bhavik : my name be bhavik desai she be my sister rekha desai and he be my cousin jatin . we be not unm , we be srj ( she point to each corresponding initial ) neerja smile neerja bhavik unm matlab unaccompany minor . aap apne mamma papa ke bina plane mein travel kar rahe ho to , toh aapka dhyan rakhne ke special responsibility meri hain . I be neerja , come ! ( continued ) a / 29 30 30 continued : neerja lovingly take the kid to they seat , she help they put they bag in the overhead compartment and kneel down to the kid 's level and lovingly smile at they . jatin be nervously fidget with a toy aeroplane . neerja . ab kuch hi der mein mummy papa mile jaayenge . excite ? bhavik : yes I be but jatin be scared . neerja : arre isme darne ki kya baat hain [ look at the toy in he hand ] tum pilot banna chahte ho to jatin : haan neerja : ( smile at he innocence ) tumhari mumma not bataaya , mai pilot se boloon tumhe ek fly lesson dene ko ? jatin 's eye light up neerja nahi ? tumhe darr lagega to ? jatin : no no I want to go to pilot ! please aunty ! neerja smile neerja ok do jatin be very excited all of a sudden and vigorously nod he head . neerja : aap sab ke passport , bag mein rakh doon ? bhavik hand over the 3 passport to neerja as she get up and reach out to the overhead compartment to keep the passport . int / ext . sahar airport / stair / bus - night people get down from the bus and begin queuing up . ( continued ) 30 31 32 31 continued : the Hassan family be first people to board from the rear entrance of the plane a hassle look hanif , manage all the bag and a child - nasiah tug at he pants , have all the passport in he hand . when neeraj - a young man in he mid 20' come and hand over a passport and board card that hanif have drop . shakeela and hanif both thank neeraj as he smile and leave they with shakeela grumble at hanif for be irresponsible . hanif ignore the woman 's mumble like a experience husband do as he order he still argue child to get on the stair . int / ext . sahar airport / plane - night Quick establish shot of the kind of passenger fly - with name on the board card camera pan through the people walk into the plane . int . plane entrance - front gate a few more passenger have enter follow by a young indian with he slowly walk grandmother - rahul Kumar and sujata Kumar . behind they be the nervous passenger anand parekh sujata Kumar compliment Tina and debina for they beauty . sujata have in a way halt traffic behind she and anand parekh be restlessly try to figure a way to pass through she but cannot . sujata kitti pyari hai dono ! tum dono ki shaadi ho gayi ? mera pota , amreeca mein settle hain ! milogi ? she point at rahul who be embarrassed and do not know where to look , he mouth a apology to debina and gently nudge he grandmother along . sujata ( cont ’d ) ( conspirational ) baad mein baat karenge .. debina half -smile at rahul . sujata lovingly tell he not to be embarrassed and walk away from there but not before tell the girl she will talk to they in the plane . ( continued ) 32 a/32 32 continued : anand parekh show he board pass and smile at Tina as she point to the direction of he seat . int . plane entrance - rear gate hanif and he wife shakeela 's teenage son jannat and daughter aliya be argue with each other as the father hanif Hassan [ 45 year old ] be overload with everyone 's hand bag . jannat I 'il sit with abbu aliya no I will sit with abbu jannat I will sit , you see sanjana and dolly smile and point the Hassan family towards they seat as a few more passenger enter . hanif Hassan 's kid be now almost quarrelling with each other to sit with hanif but he be busy stow the many bag he have in the overhead compartment . int . plane entrance - front gate a executive look foreigner [ who Tina be check out earlier ] - among many other . by this time neerja have come back to she spot . as Tina take the board pass from the foreigner - Carl malone carl : look forward to fly with you today . tina : we do too sir . Carl smile as Tina blushes and then stop when neerja and sanjana stare at she authoritatively . tina : ( cont 'd ) what ?! I be do my job ! neerja : ( stifling a smile ) yeah right . ( continued ) b/32 33 33 continued : a few more passenger enter follow by a scrawny look hippy man- ronnie heston - CUT to : int . plane entrance - rear gate gopal be help he 5 month pregnant wife babita into the plane sanjana and dolly smile at they and allow they to enter , gopal insist on take babita 's bag . gopal : babita dhyaan se please . and no ulti till we take off ok ? babita : ( not amused ) not funny , gopal gopal smile and gently guide she through the aisle . transition to : int . plane - night the plan be half full with passenger as a few of the cabin crew member be help the passenger get comfortable . neerja move towards the galley , take a few sweet from a tray in front of she and go towards the desai kid and give it to they . neerja : do not tell anybody ok . she wink at the kid and move ahead . camera follow neerja as she walk towards the first class section for final check . the cabin Crew be see busily complete they formality . some check the safety of the galley station while some roam around the aisle tell the passenger to buckle up and straighten they seat . the camera reveal the passenger read newspaper , press the call - button , ask for water as the other air-hostess smile and go about they duty . ( continued ) 33 34 34 continued : a couple passenger read a indian Magazine spot a full page ad of a brand feature neerja and as she approach they they do a double-check . neerja smile as they show she the ad and pass they by . the camera show Tina serve Carl malone a drink . he look at she and smile flirtatiously and so do Tina . just then they eye contact be break by heston ( sit next to malone ) heston : wow ! row 13 ! carl malone : oh be that unlucky for you ? heston : I hope not , I only have half hour for my connect flight . I hope we make it in time to Frankfurt . carl malone : you better keep you finger cross that the plane be on time heston : I will . I have faith , the hill teach you that . heston smile carl malone : you a climber ? heston nod , we leave they as they continue they conversation neerja give she command to start the safety demonstration through the PA system transition to : ext . cockpit - night 4:00 am - Mumbai Pilot 's Pov - the airport guy on the tarmac with the UV baton guide the plane out of the parking area . Long - shot of the plane on the runway as the pilot be hear . ( continued ) 34 35 35 continued : captain . snipe : ( heavy american accent ) namaste deviyon aur sajjano and good morning to all of you . mera naam hai captain Jack snipe and with I be co-pilots adrien Bertrand and Richard King . welcome to Pan be 73 fly to New York via Karachi and Frankfurt . the time be 4:00 be India time we hope to land in Karachi in 40 minute . Quick fact about this flight - you captain that be I be learn Hindi . by the time we reach New York please tell I ' mera Hindi kaisi thi’ . in return I promise a smooth take off and landing 's passenger reaction - some laugh some indifferent . neerja ( on the PA system ) Crew to arm all door and cross check the flight take off . CUT to : int . plane - night neerja and debina be sit next to each other , both strapped securely in they jump seat , neerja put she hand in she pocket and half remove the letter jaideep give she debina : what that ? neerja jaideep not di hain she smile shyly debina : ooh ! Love letter ! so romantic ! khol khol ! neerja no no , yeh mai sirf aur sirf birthday pe khol sakti hoon ( continued ) 35 36 36 continued : debina : arre khol to , I also want to see , usse kaise pataa chalega aaj kholi ki kal , pst , come on , open it neerja look tempt , debina pull out the letter , neerja snatch it back neerja aye ! give it back ! and no ! mai abhi nahi kholoongi , aur tumhare saamne toh bilkul nahi ! she put the letter back in she pocket as debina laugh debina : Fine ! miss goody two shoe ! just then they be distract by the sound of a passenger call . she put the letter away . ext . karachi airport / hangar - night 5:00 am Karachi the van be wait in the cover of darkness . fahad and Mansoor be both stand in a corner . safirini have remove he waist - coat and be fidget with something under he pathani [ wear the explosive laden belt - maybe do not reveal it now ] khalil open the back of the van and slide the trunk towards he and call out to fahad and Mansoor . safirini open the trunk - gun , grenade , bullet magazine neatly place safirini pass the gun to khalil who in turn pass it to the young boy . Mansoor look overwhelm . khalil hold a gun in he hand .. khalil ( in arabic ) ek aur baar . tee second ki training hai to teri ? phir se kar ! Mansoor 's hand be tremble and he almost drop the gun . ( continued ) 36 37 37 continued : khalil : ( in arabic ) gadhe ! yeh tere haath kyun kaap rahe hain . darpok ! safirini approach .. safirini : ( in arabic ) khalil ! he give khalil a dirty look then address fahad and Mansoor . safirini : ( in arabic ) darre hua mat rehna , ab hum daraayenge apne plan ke mutabik chalna hain . Bas . safirini stare angrily at khalil as Mansoor nod , still affect . safirini : ( in arabic ) chal phir se koshish kar Mansoor manage to get it right this time . safirini : ( in arabic ) himmat rakh Mansoor . issi din ki tayyari itni shiddat se ki hain tune . himmat . safirini pat Mansoor on he back as khalil walk towards the van . int . plane - night 5:15 am Karachi the light in the plane come on as neerja announce . neerja : Pan be flight 73 will land at Karachi International Airport shortly . please fasten you seat - belt and ensure that you seat be upright . for that deplane in Karachi in thank you for choose Pan be airway . neerja keep the PA receiver and walk towards the kid . she retouch the bedsheet on the 3 sleep kid . 38 39 38 ext . karachi airport / hangar - night the foursome watch the plane land on the tarmac . fahad and Mansoor look at each other nervously while safirini and khalil have the look as if to suggest that the hour of reckoning be here . shot - plane landing - Pov from the atc - Pov from the plane as it reduce speed on the runway - c/u of the wheel coming to a halt — CUT to : int . plane - night neerja be stand at the gate with a file in she hand as Tina and debina be smile and thanking the passenger disembark . tina : his name be Carl malone . neerja : kaun ? tina : arey that cute guy in business class 13k . neerja make a face as Pan be officer enter and smile at the lady wait at the entrance . neerja hand over the file in she hand . neerja : no issue with the flight . the Pan be official take the file , thanks the air - hostess and turn around . come up the stair in a urgent manner be imran Ali - the radio engineer with a wide smile on he 40 - 45 year old face . imran ali : asalaam walekum . have a good flight ? tina : of course imran bhai . neerja : ( naughtily ) tumhe kab se humaari itni fikr hone lagi imrani Ali . I know why you be be so sweet . ( continued ) 39 40 41 42 39 continued : imran Ali pretend to be upset . imran ali : neerja humaari humdardi ka mazaak banaa rahi hain aap . and walk inside . neerja : arey aap toh naraaz ho gaye Tina and debina be smile at each other know that he be teasing neerja . imran ali : ( give up the pretense and smile ) naaraz aur tumse ? Ho hi nahi sakta , thoda kaam bhi kar liya jaaye ? kya khayal hain ? neerja smile and bow as she welcome he inside , imran Ali walk towards the stair . CUT to : int / ext . karachi airport - night Security guard be do last minute check as the passenger be show they passport and board pass as a van with one lot of passenger leave towards the plane . the van reach the huge jumbo as the camera reveal the name of the plane ' clipper Empress of the Seas ' Airport staff can be see busy around the plane - the baggage guy unload bag , a refuell tanker and a few people around it , couple of engineer talk amongst themselves as they do the routine check . people begin to get into the plane through two door . a couple of security guard be man each door . int . plane - night - deleted ext . karachi airport / hangar - night safirini and khalil be seat in the front seat of the van while fahad and Mansoor be sit behind . safirini ignites the engine and look through the overhead rear-view mirror . ( continued ) 42 43 44 45 ( 47 ) 46 40 continued : safirini 's Pov as he be instruct the trio - the refuell truck drive away from the plane , the mini-bus after drop the first batch of passenger have leave too . safirini : ( in arabic ) fahad , Mansoor , plane mein jao peeche ke darwaze se then adjust something inside he kurta he talk to khalil . safirini : ( in arabic ) mai aur khalil aage se chadhenge aur tumhe ... khalil : ( in arabic ) pataa hain . pilot ko kabu mein karke cockpit ko control karna hai . khalil 's eye reveal he evil excitement for thing to come . safirini look ahead , turn the headlight on and then accelerate the car towards a small barricade . int . plane - dawn the radio engineer come down the stair . ext . karachi airport / barricade - dawn the van crash through the barricade and swerve on the tarmac . safirini and gang have they eye on the plane . int . plane cockpit - dawn the pilot share a joke with each other be also do they last - minute status check of the equipment . int / ext . van / tarmac - day safirini be push the pedal harder as the van zoom towards the plane . 4l 47 ( 45 ) int . plane - day 48 people be still settling down and neerja tell Tina to take a round through the aisle . imran Ali approach neerja wait at the starboard side . imran ali : lambi flight aur itna load ? tayyar ho ? neerja : we be ever ready imran ! neerja be remove something from the overhead compartment - they be vhs tape imran Ali excitedly take they and look at the title . imran ali : neerja , ehsaanfaramosh nahi hoon lekin kabhie toh kissi aur ka vhs laa diya karo ! har baar rajesh khanna ! bhai hume toh amitabh bachcan zyaada pasand hain neerja frown neerja : waapis do . imran laugh , she try to pull the tape he keep they and hold he ear with the other hand apologize imran ali : tauba ! they conversation come to a abrupt end when they hear a £ few gunshot . both look at each other wonder what really have happen outside . ext . tarmac - day the van come closer to the plane . the security guard at the front door turn in the direction of the van and so do the guy unload the bag but even before they can react , they be shot at by the terrorist from the van , kill everybody . the stair-van driver shield themselves inside the van . ( continued ) 48 49 42 continued : the van come to a screeching halt and fahad and Mansoor rush out and run towards the 2nd door and on the way shoot the security guard at the 2nd door . CUT to : in . plane - day reaction of some people who have hear the gunshot . neerja look concerned and share a look with debina and Tina - they all look scared . sanjana and dolly be surprised too . neerja push imran Ali to the side and move towards the door but stop as she hear gun fire again . neerja scream out . neerja : Tina ... debina .. shut the door !! shut it quickly !! Tina and debina be slow to react and by the time they do the terrorist be inside the plane . scream and shouting among passenger near the front door . more scream and shriek from people at the back door as fahad and Mansoor be hit some passenger with they gun to get out of they way . panic-stricken dolly and sanjana be push , shove and slap out of they way . neerja reach out to the phone and hide behind the galley as khalil aggressively enter in and take the leave towards where he think the cockpit be . neerja hijack . I repeat hijack 6:00 am she be about to mention the word again when she be suddenly yank by she hair . neerja scream in pain and be force to turn around - it be khalil . khalil : ( gritting he tooth ) phone down . ( continued ) 49 50 51 52 43 continued : neerja be wince in pain and khalil be sadistically enjoy see she pain expression but be then order by safirini . safirini : ( urgency in he voice ) cockpit . khalil push neerja away from the phone and go in the direction of where he think the cockpit be . safirini grab hold of a cry debina and Tina and push they in neerja 's direction . safirini shut the door and scream out to fahad and Mansoor to shut they door . neerja be clearly shake . Mansoor shut the door quickly and take he position at the back . CUT to : int . cockpit - day the sun be just about break out on the horizon . the co-pilot be look weirdly surprised at the pilot . pilot : do you hear it right ?? CO - pilot : yes I do . they look at each other disbelievingly the Pilot push some button hurriedly . int . plane aisle - day khalil be move towards the cockpit with he gun . people around be cower for security . CUT to : int . cockpit - day pilot : what do we do ? ( continued ) 52 53 54 55 44 continued : CO - pilot : let I go check . pilot : no you will not . we will stick to protocol . the co-pilot have no other option but to follow the order . int . aisle - day khalil be walk towards the curtain that part to enter the cock -pit . int . aisle - day khalil spread the curtain apart and be stunne to see business class passenger sit there . the passenger scream look at he and the gun . he have a surprised look on he face . he rush back through the scared business and first class passenger . CUT to : int . aisle - day safirini speak out animatedly in Arabic . safirini : what be you do here ? get back to the cockpit . khalil : ( spot neerja and pull she by she neck ) come with I . come to cockpit . as he push neerja ahead of he he tell safirini . khalil : ( cont 'd ) there be no cockpit in front . it be upstairs . he again aggressively grab neerja by she neck and scream out to the passenger to be seat , push neerja upstairs . safirini be turn he head leave and right to see that no one be attempt to try anything funny . ( continued ) 55 56 57 45 continued : he look at the scared girl and hold debina as a shield . debina shriek and Tina be scared too . safirini shout out . safirini : hand up..everybody hand up . rahul Kumar get up to stop khalil . rahul : yeh kya ho rahaa hain ? aap aisa nahi kar sakte . what be you do ? rahul 's grandmother be pull he hand to make he sit . but rahul continue to protest . rahul : please stop this right now . safirini angrily push the butt of he gun on rahul 's face and he begin to bleed from he nose . CUT to : int . cockpit - day daylight begin to spread through the sky . Dramatic music play and we can only see the 3 pilot in the cockpit discuss something with each other . one of they take a fire - axe , he eye nervously on the door . CO - pilot : ( in a dilemma ) be you sure this be the right thing to do ? the pilot be look unsure CUT to : int . stair - day neerja be lead khalil [ with he gun point at she ] up the stair . maybe he be check out she butt as she climb up the stair . neerja can feel he eye but be keep she cool . the reach upstairs and all the passenger in the upper class begin panic . CUT to : 46 58 int . cockpit - day hear the voice outside co- pilot : ( freaking out ) we need to decide faster . pilot : ( make up he mind ) it be decide . he look at everyone in the cockpit and they all nod in agreement . they hear scream of passenger . 59 int . outside the cockpit -— day khalil bark , brandish he gun , tell the passenger to shut up . khalil : ( order neerja ) darwaza khol . [ to the passenger again , scream ] chup , nahi toh goli he gesture a finger on he lip and then he gun as neerja knock on the cockpit door . CUT to : 60 int . cockpit -— day the pilot inside be nervous and antsy . they hear khalil instruct neerja . the co-pilot be ready to strike the moment the door barge open as the other pilot huddle behind , do some activity [ which be not clear to the audience ] khalil : ( order louder ) darwaza khol ! CUT to : 61 int . outside the cockpit -— day neerja : ( try to mask she fear ) ( more ) ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 65 66 47 continued : neerja : ( cont 'd ) sirf .. sirf andar se khulta hain , mai nahi khol sakt i she knock the door again but there be no response . khalil be not ready to wait anymore . he aggressively bang the door . neerja be palpitate look at he bang the door hard , as if almost have a anxiety attack . khalil begin to kick the door . he kick the door hard . the passenger shriek . neerja be sweat and heaving . int . cockpit - day the co-pilot be ready to attack and while other pilot click some button . int . outside the cockpit - day khalil kick the door a few more time . neerja be worried about what will happen if the door open . int . cockpit - day everyone inside sweat and anticipate what be to come next . int . outside the cockpit - day khalil be relentlessly kick the door . he land another huge kick and the door slam open . int . cockpit - day khalil barge inside only to find the cockpit empty . khalil look around hope to find the pilot hide but it be empty . neerja look up at the open hatch above the pilot seat and be relieved . khalil look in the direction where neerja be look and spot the hatch . he climb on the pilot seat and just and spot the pilot run towards the lounge . khalil spot the emergency door open and rush there and spot the pilot run towards the lounge . ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 70 71 48 continued : they have reach quite a distance away . he spray bullet in they direction . ext . tarmac - day the pilot be run zig - zag as fast as they can towards the lounge . as the ratatat of the bullet be hear they hide behind whatever shield source they can find around - load truck , a bus , a couple of they hide behind the move staircase . int . cockpit - day khalil stop shoot and let out a angry growl . he look at neerja with that angry eye that suggest that she be responsible for this big twist in they plan . he close the hatch , get down and walk towards neerja . as he close in on she ... CUT to : [ elashback 2 } int , doha house / room day - deleted int , doha _house / bathroom — day — deleted int . cockpit - day khalil hold neerja 's neck and push she towards the wall behind . neerja be choke , the passenger who can see all this take place be shocked . khalil : ( angry ) yeh kaise bhaage , tumne signal diya neerja be unable to reply and be hold khalil 's hand try to get he to loosen he grip . khalil angrily push she out of the cockpit khalil : ( angrily ) ek ek ko maar doonga . panic and shriek among the passenger as neerja ( still try to catch she breath ) ( continued ) 71 a/72 b/72 72 49 continued : neerja : dekho , aise karne se kuch solve nahi hoga khalil : chup !! khalil look at she angrily . khalil : [ to the passenger ] utho sab , utho ! chalo neeche the passenger do as they be tell . neerja be tell they not to worry but it be clear from the passenger tear and fear on they face that that word mean nothing . neerja watch the passenger walk down the stair while khalil be breathe heavily with anger and stare at she . as the last passenger walk down khalil push neerja to walk down as well . fear and dread on neerja 's face . int . neerja's house - kitchen - day rama be chopping vegetable when suddenly she look scared . mother leave the chopping mid-way and walk out of the kitchen . tipsy be follow the mother around . with a troubled expression she enter neerja 's room . int . neerja 's house - bedroom - day rama look around and slowly walk towards neerja 's bedside and put she hand in the gap between the pillow and the mattress . she slowly remove the hand out - reveal that she have neerja 's ring . fear on rama 's face . int . plane - day khalil get down the stair and still hold neerja as a shield , force all the passenger from the Business and first class seat towards the economy section . ( continued ) 72 73 50 continued : daylight have fill the aircraft but for neerja , thing look as dark as a moonless night . through she Pov we see panic and shriek continue as fahad , Mansoor and safirini be pull , drag , force the passenger sit in the length of the plane to vacate they seat and gather in the middle section . she look at she terrify air-hostess colleague and look scared too . people tumble , fall , dash into each other to escape from be hit by the butt of the gun which the terrorist be use to herd they to the centre . Chaos and fear as the terrorist keep scream in Arabic to establish they authority . khalil shout out at safirini from behind the scared people in the aisle walk towards the economy section . khalil : pilot bach ke nikal gaye int . aisle - day all the passenger be herde like cattle in the middle section of the plane . some of they be sit in the middle of the aisle . neerja and the air-hostess be make to sit separately in the business class section . safirini : ( angry whisper - Arabic ) kya matlab bach nikle ? kahaan se ? kaise ? neeche toh hum khade the , khalil have no response and be feel insulted . he look angrily in neerja 's direction who be pacify the scared air hostess . safirini : ( cont 'd ) ( in arabic ) dhyaan kahaa hai tera ?? khalil : ( in arabic ) cockpit upar hain yeh aap bhi nahi jaante the bhaijaan . toh baat mujh pe toh daaliye mat safirini be mad as hell . ( continued ) 73 51 continued : he turn back to the passenger and point he gun at they scream out in practice English . safirini : this be hijack . no move . everyone scared , slowly put they hand up . mansoor : ( shout out from he zone in Arabic ) kya kar rahe hain ? safirini : kuch nahi sabh theek hai . fahad : toh khalil bhi neeche kya kar rahein hai ? why be not we fly yet ? safirini be about to respond but before that khalil shout out khalil : ( in Arabic ) plane mein pilot nahi hain a passenger react to the word pilot fahad : ( in Arabic ) kya ? ab kya hoga ? safirini : ( in Arabic ) pilot a jaayenge , sab plan ke mutabik chalna hain , jao , apni apni position le lo . jaldi ! safirini still worried about what to do next . safirini : ( cont 'd ) hand up . haath upar karo sab the passenger , scared and unsure of what be go to transpire next , do as they be tell . one by one all they hand come above they head . khalil : ( in Arabic ) agar plane nahi chalaa , toh iss sab ka kya faayda ? safirini just glare at khalil and do not reply ( continued ) 73 74 75 52 continued : ( 2 ) 7:00 am int . karachi airport / lounge - day a crowd have gather around the huffing and puffing pilot . some passenger who be about to board the flight look relieved as they talk among themselves . the pilot be tell the cop about they ordeal . suddenly there be a hush around the lounge . a group of commando walk through with a important look man in the middle - mr.inzamam Younis . a no nonsense man with a air of authority around he with he suit and gell back grey hair . a man on whom 55 year of experience sit very well . the airport security commando part the crowd of people and tell the pilot to join they . as inzamam walk out he order a few people . inzamam : shut the airport down , right now . saare plane lahore reroute kar do do it now !! int . aisle - day safirini and khalil be look worried and they be talk to each other in a hush hush tone . reaction of fahad and Mansoor . they look scared too and be jumpy as if watch out for anyone who will make a move at they . khalil : ( in arabic ) bhai ab hum kya karenge ? plane chalaa nahi toh hum mar jaayenge safirini react , he turn away to think of he option + khalil : ( in arabic ) ab yahaan baith ke faayda kya hain . Pilot bhi bhaag gaye safirini : ( in arabic ) shh ! chup ! fahad and Mansoor unsure about what be happen as they watch khalil and safirini discuss . ( continued ) 75 76 77 53 continued : safirini walk towards the air-hostess and point at debina safirini : idhar a debina roote in she spot in fear start cry and look towards neerja , neerja look scared too , safirini hold up he gun safirini : suna nahi debina weep , neerja take a deep breath neerja mai in charge hoon , mujhse kaho safirini look at she , the girl be surprised . safirini : announcement karni hain CUT to : int . karachi airport / lounge - day Mr. inzamam seem to have get the drift of thing . pilot : Sir there be 300 passenger in that plane . inzamam : do you leave the engine run ? pilot : yes sir , as per the hijack training procedure I do . inzamam : good CUT to : int . plane - day New York New York play on a loop - the silence be at a flashpoint . the passenger be still with they hand on they head but they be all clearly tired of keep they raise for so long . neerja take the intercom as safirini be look at the passenger . ( continued ) 77 78 continued : 54 neerja be about to make a announcement when she look at the people struggle to keep they hand up . neerja : ( clear she voice ) lady and gentlemen , iss waqt plane mein pilot nahi hain , the pilot have leave so I be the commander of this plane .. aap sabki zimmedaari ab meri hain .. yeh .. ( she point at safirini ) inki dushmani aap se nahi hain . aap mein se kissi ko kuch nahi hoga , no one will be harme , please please jaise mai baloon waisa kijiye , aaraam se apne haath neeche kijiye , please put you hand down slowly safirini look angrily at neerja . safirini : ( angrily ) no no haath upar neerja : ( negotiate ) unhe jitni tassalli milegi utna woh tumhare saath cooperate karenge . tum yahi chahte ho to ? she look at he for a answer , he realize she have a point . int . karachi airport / lounge office cabin - int CUT to : inzamam be walk around in the cabin room think what to do . he be get some report from the sub-ordinate in security uniform and two other Pan be official . subordinate 1 : janaab , plane main takreeban 44 pakistani hain . 50 aur hone the , lekin unse pehle terrorist pahuch gaye .... inzamam : ( sternly ) Maine poocha kitne pakistani hain ? ( continued ) 78 79 55 continued : subordinate 1 : ( nervous ) uh nai , nai janaab , woh toh mai aise hi ...99 indian hain aur kaaafi american passport waale bhi hain ... poori tafseel isme hain .. inzamam snatch the file from the subordinate and scan through it . inzamam : tarmac jaane ka intezam karo , roof pe camera lagwaaon , get I a photo of the hijacker atc tower mein do log har second plane pe nazar rakhenege ... inzamam walk out of the office cabin in a hurry . int . aisle - day 8:00 am Mansoor and fahaad be nervously look around and khalil be get antsy too . khalil : ( in arabic ) hum Libya kaise pahuchenge ? Inn logon ko yahi maar dete hain . agar hum nahi pahuche , toh humaare yeh kaam , Ahmed nidal aur hanif hussain ki jail se rihain dilwaa dega safirini do not answer . safirini : ( in arabic ) Inn passenger ko hum apne kabze mein rakh lete hain , zinda . taaki woh log humaari baat maan jaaye just then there be a voice hear from outside . it be inzamam on the megaphone . inzamam : mera naam inzamam Younis hain , hum tumhari madad karna chahte hain , safirini and khalil rush to the exit door and half open the window shutter to see inzamam . behind fahad and Mansoor look through the window too . ( continued ) 79 56 continued : mansoor : fahad bhai yeh military to nahi hai to ? fahad : chup kar darpok . inzamam : meri darkhwast hain ke passenger ko jaane diya jaaye ... safirini look at all the passenger and then scream out . safirini : Close shutter . all you close shutter . khalil , fahad and Mansoor begin order the same thing and poke the passenger near the window with they gun barrel . Mansoor force dolly to she foot and push she to the back area and order she to shut the window . Long shot of the shutter stop the sunlight from stream in . all of they be now trap inside . khalil quickly drag Tina to the front section and order she to close all the shutter . she be scared as hell but do as she be order to . he keep shouting at she . once she be do he drag she back and throw she on the seat . safirini be think what to do . khalil be anxious khalil : ( in arabic ) ispe goli chalaa de , tabhi pilot aayenge as inzamam continue to reiterate he plea .. inzamam : tumhari maange sunne ke liye mai yahaan hoon . plane mai baithe logo ko iske beech mat laao , unhe chhod do , hum tumhari jo madad ho sake karenge safirini : ( in Arabic ) nahi . jab tak pilot nahi aate , isse baat jaari rakhte hain . 80 57 int . plane - day khalil be fume . safirini look at neerja . he go towards the airhostess . safirini : ( break hindi ) atc tower mein radio se ...connection..poochon radio operate karna kisko aata hain he pick neerja and pull she towards the PA system . fahad and Mansoor from behind walk through the aisle ask . radio ... radio .. neerja : passenger mein koi hain jisse radio operate karna aata hain ? imran Ali - the radio engineer be look at neerja and be about to get up from he seat when neerja repeat the announcement neerja : ( cont 'd ) cockpit ka radio kissi ko operate karna aata hain toh please haath upar kijiye she signal he not to get up by shaking she head side to side . safirini look around and see that there be no one . he look out through the glass window on the door and watch inzamam and then make up he mind , walk towards the aisle . brandish he gun , he begin scan around . the passenger be cower and shield themselves or they love one sit next to they . he reach rahul Kumar , remember he from earlier and hold he by he collar . saftria : kahaa —se hai tu ? rahul be try to wrestle out of safirini 's grip and he grandmother be also pull he towards she but safirni be too strong . sabirini : ( cont 'd ) batea_kahaa_sehait rahul kumar I be a american . I be not a indian . ( more ) ( continued ) 80 58 continued : rahul kumar ( cont 'd ) see [ fumble to get the passport out of he pocket ] mera passport dekhiye . safirini have a smile that suggest that he have get the right man . holding he by he collar , safirini drag rahul Kumar from he seat . rahul resist 's and the grandmother try to help but to no avail . safirini hold he by he collar and drag he out . sujata : please jaane do usse , mujhe le lo uski jagah , mere bache ko chhod do she be cry out for passenger near they to help she but they do not want to interfere lest they be take in he place . safirini yank rahul and drag he towards the door . khalil : amreeka ka yahi rob mitaana hain , tera amreeki passport hi teri maut banega , baith rahul Kumar be try to wrestle out of safirini 's control as other passenger give way as if happy that they be not the one in he place . he reach the front door and neerja go to plead for rahul Kumar . neerja : please aisa mat kijiye . please , aapko jo chahiye milega . please ruk jaaiye safirini push she heavily out of he way . he then order debina [ stand at the door ] to open the door . debina be too scared to react . the passenger be curious about what be go to happen . rahul begin to feel the dread . rahul : please leave I .. meri daadi akeli hain , mujhe chhod do . please dont kill I khalil : chup . bilkul chup . baith . safirini force rahul Kumar to kneel as he continue to cry . neerja once again come in between . ( continued ) 80 81 59 continued : ( 2 ) neerja : please inhe chhod dijiye , inhe maar ke kuch nahi hoga khalil be get irritate with she plead . the passenger be just look at the chaos near the door safirini : ( to debina ) darwaza khol ! debina be paralyse with fear . neerja : ( continue to plead ) please , please chhod dijiye inhe just then khalil hold neerja 's hair force she to scream in pain , make she kneel down next to rahul Kumar , point the gun at she head and tell debina in a calm but menacingly cold manner . khalil : khol darwaza nahi toh pehle isse maaroonga with tremble hand debina open the door . fear on a still plead rahul Kumar and neerja 's face . she can feel the butt of the gun on the back of she head . ext . tarmac - day inzamam watch the door half open and see rahul Kumar and neerja kneel down and khalil stand behind they with a gun point at they . debina be be hold at gunpoint by safirini . safirini scream out to inzamam . safirini : thirty minute . pilot wapis , humaari bataai jagah le jaano ko tayaar milne chahiye . sirf thirty minute , bas . inzamam : mujhe thoda aur time do please , tee minute mein kaise ... safirini : time shuru , adhe ghante ek minute pe pehli laash phek doonga baahar , ek passenger ki inzamam look at he watch . ( continued ) 81 82 a/83 60 continued : 8:30 am . safirini : ( cont 'd ) lekin sabse pehlay ... yeh seedhi hata do yahaa se . abhi ! they shut the door . safirini see inzamam order the stairvan driver to get out of there through the window . he watch the stair-van get out of there . transition to : int . office cabin - day inzamam be in the midst of a heat conversation with someone . inzamam : what do you mean you hand be tie . this be a Pan be plane goddamnit ! Inn passenger ki safety aapki zimmedaari hain . you have take responsibility for this ... he react to what be be say on the other side , grind he tooth and throw the receiver away inzamam : bhen chodh ! int . plane - day 8:59 am neerja look at she watch . tina : koi aayega ? tumhe lagta hain kissi ko bheja jaayega , militry aayegi ke police ? neerja negotiator - special service se aate hi honge tina : aur nahi aaye toh ? neerja aayenge ( continued ) 61 a/83 continued : safirini look at he watch and be frustrated . khalil be nag he behind . khalil : ( in arabic ) aadha ghanta ho gaya hain , abhi tak kissi not aana hota toh a gaya hota safirini : ( in arabic ) sabar kar khalil khalil : ( in arabic ) sabar kare taaki woh apni miltry tayyar karke plane ko udhaa de ? safirini : ( in arabic ) jab tak yeh sab hain , aisa kuch nahi hoga khalil : ( in arabic ) mai keh rahaa hoon sab ko maar do safirini : ( in arabic ) abhi nahi . khalil get off he back angrily and walk to he section . he look at fahad and Mansoor 's clueless face . 83 ext . tarmac - day 9:23 am inzamam reach the plane with the jeep . just then the door of the plane open . inzamam can hear the indian american plead as safirini be at the door with he . neerja be there too . they do not know what be go to happen next . inzamam : dekho unhe chhod do , unhe iske beech mat laao safirini look at inzamam and then spot local media cover the happening from the lounge area . ( continued ) 83 84 85 62 continued : inzamam : ( cont 'd ) tumhare liye pilot a rahe hain , hume thoda waqt do safirini : ( in arabic ) Zabaan ke kache nikle tum Mr. inzamam , hume samjhauta nahi karna , sirf apni baat pe amal chahiye safirini look at khalil and he get the message . he pass he gun behind both the head as if decide which head to shoot first . after choose for a while the gun stop on neerja 's head . rahul Kumar still cry - reaction of the distraught grandmother - neerja wait with bate breath reach out to jaideep 's letter in she pocket . suddenly a gun shot - blood splatter on neerja 's face . debina begin to scream , shocked with the blood splatter on she face as well . reaction of shocked passenger . grandmother begin to cry . khalil and safirini look at each other nonchalantly . safirini : ( cont 'd ) ( to khalil in arabic ) phek de baahar ext . tarmac - day inzamam be stunne as he continue to stare at the plane door . his Pov he hear safirini shout out . safirini : yeh teri vajah se hua , humaare bataaye wagt se chalo nahi toh aur har maut ki zimmedaari teri he push a body out and slam the door shut int . plane - day debina still in shock as we see safirini kick the body out of the plane . 86 87 88 89 63 ext . tarmac - day Close - up of the rahul Kumar 's body thudding to the floor . from the low - angle of Kumar 's body we see the plane door be close by safirini as inzamam and the two people in the jeep rush towards the dead body . he be hear scream for a ambulance . int . plane - day camera close in on neerja 's blood splatter face . she be tremble in fear . 9:30 am interval int . plane - day khalil and safirini be talk to each other but that voice be muffle to the still kneel neerja . blood splatter on she face . daze with the near-death experience and the sight of rahul Kumar be shot next to she she look around and see [ Pov ] rahul Kumar 's grandmother howling and cry - passenger stunne and there be a deathly silence all around - khalil be look excited and fahad and Mansoor be absorb he enthusiasm . ext . tarmac - day inzamam be by the body . he see rahul Kumar take he last gasp of breath and die . inzamam be pain as a ambulance reach they . two helper rush with a stretcher and load the body on it . int . plane - day neerja be still gather she wit . she look really scared . she get up and look at a ambulance steer away from the tarmac through the open window of the emergency door . neerja straighten she jacket and skirt , turn around to walk inside . ( continued ) 89 a/90 90 91 64 continued : debina be clearly traumatise as neerja , stand , grab a hand towel and a bottle water , wet the towel and dab debina 's forehead and face , she repeat . khalil come to she and try to stamp he authority on she . he yank the towel from she hand and throw it aside khalil : hilli kyun ? ( in arabic ) issi ko qatl kar dete toh acha tha neerja be shaking all over with shock and fear but try to control that voluntary reaction and angrily glare at he as if now fear be not even and option . neerja : unse baat karo ( she point outside ) woh tumharii madad ... khalil slap she , neerja be stunne khalil : jitna bola , utna kar , ek aur lavz nahi . shock on neerja 's blood splatter face . her nose begin to bleed too . neerja feel the blood run out and hold she nose , rush to the toilet and shut the door before khalil can stop she . CUT to : int . plane bathroom . - day neerja shiver as khalil continuously bang on the door . CUT to : [ flashback 3 ] int . doha house / room - day naresh be stand outside continuously knock on the door . naresh : come out lado . kab tak chhup ke baithogi ? you have to come out . CUT to : int . doha house / bathroom - day neerja 's body be in shock and she be shiver as she be sobbing . she can hear she father ask .. ( continued ) 91 92 65 continued : father : hausla hume har mushkil se nikal sakta hain int . plane toilet - day Red water run into the sink as neerja lift she wet face and see herself in the mirror . her hand be shiver . she have the same expression of fear when face with a similar situation with naresh . her body jerk with fear every time khalil bang the door . khalil ( 0.s. ) baahar nikal ! she wash she face again , angrily scrubbing off the blood splatter on she face . harish ( v.o. ) galat baat to karna .. to sehna .. she look at reflection once again and this time there be { the same ] look of resolve on she face . harish ( v.o. ) bahadur beta kaun ? neerja mai . she take a deep breath , remove she jacket and open the door . khalil look livid and stop she in she path . neerja stare back at he and khalil be enjoy this defiance . neerja : ( soft but assertive ) tumne uss passenger ko maarkar galat kiya hai . khalil : ( evil smile on he face ) mere farz ke aage kissi zindagi ki koi keemat nahi , meri bhi nahi . ek mare sau mare the stare - off continue . finally neerja turn she face away , brushes past khalil to the pantry . 93 94 66 int . pantry - day neerja be remove something busily . she look at the front section where the rest of she colleague be seat . neerja begin make tea and coffee and call Tina . neerja Tina a scared Tina do not know what to do . neerja call she again neerja Tina Tina get up and join neerja . safirini and khalil look at each other surprised and safirini go towards neerja aggressively and hold she by she arm . safirini : kya kar rahi ho ? neerja : jab tak baahar se koi message nahi aata , saare passenger ko sambhalna mera kaam hain . mujhe apna kaam karne dijiye please . safirini : farz ki badi pakki ho neerja : woh toh aap bhi hain , farz ke liye hi kar rahe ho to yeh sab safirini let go of she arm , they hold each other stare safirini : koi bhi hoshiyaari dikhaai , toh agli laash teri phekenge . safirini tap he gun on she shoulder and walk away CUT to : int . ht office - day neerja 's father be busy type a article on the typewriter when he be distract by mushtaq Khan - the editor of the newspaper . there be two junior journalist and the secretary inside he cabin . ( continued ) 94 95 67 continued : mushtaq khan : ( stress and search for word ) harish ? uhhh .. zaraa baat karni thi , do u have a minute ? harish : I need to finish this article .. baad mein baat kare ? mushtaq khan : urgent hain harish harish look at the stress on mushtaq 's face , stop type and get up from he seat . harish : kya baat hai mushtaq ... mushtaq khan : ( interrupt harish ) no no.. please sit .. we can not hear the conversation but it be clear from mushtaq 's body language that he be hesitatingly break the news of the plane 's hijack to harish . harish hold on to the table as if the ground beneath he feat have disappear and then flop on the chair . int . karachi airport - lounge office / jeep interior - day inzamam be on the phone with brigadier tm . brigadier be be drive in a jeep . he have the picture of safirini and khalil ( take by the photographer on the rooftop ) in he hand . brigadier tm : inzamam miya , tough time . Airport seal ho gaya ? inzamam : yes Chief . terrorist Libya se hain brigadier tm : Abu nidal Organization ? inzamam : yes Chief . they be ruthless . brigadier tm : unki demand kya hain ? ( continued ) 95 96 68 continued : inzamam : Chief woh pilot maang rahe hain , but I have two theory . ek , woh passenger ko tab tak gqaid rakhenge jab tak unke saathiyon ko Palestine ki jail se rihaa to kar diya jaaye aur ... he stop , look worried . brigadier tm : aur doosri ? inzamam : woh plane to Israel mein crash land karenge , ek missile ki tarah brigadier tm ( angrily ) tomorrow they 's 1ll fly the bloody plane into a building for all you know . stall they , chaar se paanch ghante unhe taalna hi hoga . inzamam : I 's all try chief , lekin woh bahut besabar aur nervous sound kar rahe hain . shukra hain pilot plane se nikal aaye , all thanks to purser neerja bhanot , jisne ain wagt pe pilot ko hijack code bhej diya brigadier tm : great ! humaara ek fauji plane mein pehlay se hi hai . mai special force tayyar karwaata hoon . inzamam hang up and look around , everyone be wait for he command , intent and anxiety crease he face int . plane - day 10:00 am some passenger be still hold on to they tea / coffee cup dearly as neerja and other air-hostess be collect the cup from that who have finish they drink . neerja take a bin -bag pass by debina to keep it where they store the trash when she overhear safirini and khalil . ( continued ) 96 97 69 continued : safirini : ( look at he watch ( in arabic ) bahut wagt le rahe hain , aur ek ko qatl kar dete hain khalil : ( point to neerja ) ( in arabic ) isko gatl kar dete hain , bahut pareshaan kar ke rakha hain safirini : ( in arabic ) nahi . isko katl nahi karenge , wahi humaare kaam a rahi hain he point to the other air hostess , frighten and nervous safirini ( cont 'd ) ( in arabic ) usse keh , sabke passport le aaye , pehle amrican , phir doosre , samjha khalil nod and turn , he spot neerja who look busy khalil : aye , idhar a CUT to : int . plane - moment later the passenger be all stress . khalil smile teasingly and neerja , gritting she tooth , and take the intercom . neerja : hello lady and gentleman . apne passport nikal lijiye , unhe ab ikkattha kiya jaayega hear this , there be a buzz among the passenger . some of they begin tell that they do not have it with they . some gesture it be in they over-head bag . some hesitatingly put they passport over they head . khalil : ( scream out through the buzz ) jiske haath mein hain unse le lo , koi hila toh goli maar denge ( continued ) 97 70 continued : neerja look at row and row of hand above they head hold they passport . neerja be sad as she announce ... neerja : sanjana and dolly please help collect the passport from zone 3 . neerja tell Tina to help she collect the passport from khalil 's side while she do it from safirini 's side . the air-hostess 's be take the passport from the scared passenger as the terrorist be keep a close eye on they . neerja , as she reach a passenger spot a american passport . neerja gingerly reach out to take it and at the same time look around . she spot that all the terrorist except for khalil be look at she . neerja , a little scared , take the passport turn she body away and pretend to put the passport in the bag drop it . quickly kick the passport below the seat , she move to the next passenger . neerja collect more passport and drop a few more american passport and kick it . the indian Americans look at she stunne and she give they a half confident smile as if tell they to keep they expression neutral . sanjana watch neerja drop another american passport . sanjana be scared and look at fahad look at she . neerja take a passport and hide it in she uniform jacket . neerja spot sanjana look at she scared and get back to collect the passport . sanjana too with quivering hand hide a couple of american passport . debina be too scared to try the stunt and with she head bow put every passport she collect in the bag and so do Tina sanjana try to hide another passport but it fall from she hand to the floor . neerja by this time have reach sanjana . neerja turn around to see khalil watch they and as the passenger [ whose passport it be ] bend to pick it up , neerja stop he . neerja : it 's ok sir. I have get it . ( continued ) 97 71 continued : ( 2 ) neerja bend to pick the passport , she flick it below the seat and pretend to put she hand in the bag . sanjana be stunne at neerja 's blatant bravado as both of they walk towards safirini . Tina , debina , sanjana and neerja be near safirini and khalil now as safirini take the bag from all of they . they be about to peer inside to pick american passport when a man sit in front get up from he seat and walk towards safirini and khalil . khalil : ( point he gun ) marna hain ? baith jaa man : ( scared ) Sir please , mujhe diabete hain , mujhe toilet use karne dijiye khalil : ( hold the man by he collar ) wapis jaa he point he gun to he chest , the passenger , who be come to term with they situation so far , have begin panic again . safirini on the other hand be peer through the bag and be get frustrated . he throw one bag and take another . sanjana look scared along with Tina and debina as they watch neerja . khalil : naam kya hain ? neerja be slowly remove the passport in she jacket and drop it to the floor and kick it inside . khalil : naam ! man : akram baig . khalil look at the man and everyone be stunne not know what be go to happen next . khalil stare for a couple of second and let go of the man 's collar . khalil : Allah ka shukr kar , bacha liya tujhe , jaa ! the man be relieved at be set free and be allow to go to the toilet . ( continued ) 97 72 continued : ( 3 ) khalil watch neerja straighten she jacket as safirini look angrily at the air-hostess and safirini . safirini : issmein koi bhi american passport nahi hai . khalil : yeh . kaise ho sakta hain . safirini look at the scared airhostess and so do khalil . khalil go towards the ( huddle in fear ) Tina , debina , sanjana and neerja . he pull Tina towards he and frisk she from top to bottom . he do the same with debina and with sanjana neerja hide she fear as khalil look at she suspiciously and angry . safirini too be surprised . khalil move menacingly towards she but neerja stand she ground . khalil : american passport ? where ? neerja : I ... I dont know , maine sab se passport liye hain , dekho khalil : agar koi hoshiyaari dikhai .. neerja stand there as khalil hang the gun on he shoulder and begin frisk neerja . neerja spot one passport slightly in view just close to where khalil be stand . khalil 's touch be clearly much more than frisk but neerja 's eye be fix on that passport . a man , next to where the frisk be happen , look at neerja and look below he seat . understand what she be worried about , he slowly kick the passport further inside . neerja be relieved as khalil finish frisk . he look at she as if enjoy she helplessness . safirini : ( in arabic ) hatt peeche he give khalil a warning glare khalil : ( to safirini ) ( in arabic ) mai check kar rahaa tha ke kuch chupaya toh nahi ( continued ) 97 98 99 100 73 continued : ( 4 ) safirini : ( pick up a brit passport ) ( in arabic ) UK ka passport laa , sab dhokebaaz hain humaare khilaaf mile hue hain oopen the passport and announce loudly ] ronnie heston . ( in urdu ) ronnie heston kaun hain all the passenger look around to see who be go to be the next sacrificial lamb . a hippy look man be nervously try to hide himself . safirini : ( scream out loud ) kaun hain ronnie heston ! the hippy man nervously get up from the window side of the seat and shaking nervously he get out and trudge towards khalil and safirini pass neerja and akram baig who just get out of the toilet and be walk to he seat . khalil jolt he from he slow - pace by hold he by he collar and forcibly make he kneel down and place the gun to the back of he head . heston begin panic and mumble a prayer . CUT to : int . neerja's house - prayer room - day [ move to a/72 ] int . neerja's house - bedroom - day [ move to b/72 ] int . neerja 's house - live room - day rama , stare out of a window and lose in think be fidget with neerja 's ring that she have now wear on she finger . the land line ring and she quickly pick the receiver . rama hello ? harish Main bol raha hoon . rama ( partially relieved ) acha hua aap ka phone a gaya , badi ghabrahat si ho rahi thi ( continued ) 100 101 74 continued : harish ( not sure how to say it ) rama woh ... neerja ka plane Karachi ruka tha na..wahaan.. plane hijack ho gaya hain . before rama can register what she have just hear , tipsy act out of character and be uneasily tug at rama 's salwar . rama try to pacify tipsy but he will not rest easy . rama ( not believe she ear ) kya ho gaya hain ? harish hijack , kuch terrorist not plane kabze mein kiya hua hain rama be stunne speechless . the news begin to slowly sink and tear begin to well up as she look at the ring in she hand . tipsy continue to tug rama 's salwar . int . karachi airport / lounge office - day Karachi - 12:30 pm inzamam be very agitate as he be talk to Pan - be official on the phone . inzamam : how can you not send I pilot , this be you plane , usme baithe passenger aapki zimmedaari hain , just then a man enter hold a lunch tiffin in he hand . inzamam do not pay any attention as the man place the tiffin on the table and stand by the door look at inzamam shout on the phone . pan - am official : it be you Airport . this be you responsibility . we can not risk we crew for this . inzamam : and the air hostess ? they be you crew ( continued ) 101 102 75 continued : pan - am official : Sir , the plane be in you airport , the breach have be of you security . we can not risk two more life . inzamam angrily bang the phone . everyone else in the room be silent . inzamam breathes hard and then look at the scared look man . man : janaab , aapke ghar se phone aaya tha , bhabi not khaane khaate hi phone karne ko kahaa hain , woh jaana chahti hain aapko saalan pasand aaya ke nahi inzamam just glare at the man and watch he quickly exit the room . int . plane - day heston be continue to pray as safirini and khalil be talk with each other . the passenger be drain out of energy and have almost give in to they fate . neerja , sanjana , debina and Tina be see offer water to passenger . neerja be smile and reassure she passenger that everything will be alright . one of the 3 kid - jatin sit near the window be innocently play with a window shade pull it up and down . fahad notice this and go to the child fahad : aye , seedhe baith , khidki ( he shake he gun to gesture no ) fahad push he gun forward to point to the window , jatin stop and be fascinate with the gun that fahad be hold . he reach out to touch it and fahad let he . just then neerja spot he and rush towards the kid and look at fahad as if reprimand he for allow a kid to toy with a gun . she give they water to drink . khalil approach safirini khalil : ( to safirini ) ( in arabic ) bahut intezaar ho gaya bhai , chaliye , ab maar do iss angrez ko ( continued ) 102 76 continued : he point to heston . safirini nod heston begin to pray louder as safirini slowly open to door only to see inzamam approach in he jeep together with a few security vehicle along side . safirini quickly half shut the door and begin shouting at inzamam whose vehicle have now reach the plane . safirini : ( scream out at inzamam apni security ko wapis bhej , nahi toh iss poore plane ko udhaane ka barood hain humaare paa . wapis bhej de apni fauj inzamam : ok ok , mai bhej rahaa hoon he turn and motion for the surround jeep to stop and turn away , he turn back to the plane and speak into a microphone inzamam : jaisa tum kahoge waisa hi hoga . safirini : pilot kahaa hain ? inzamam : french crew ke pilot pahuch rahe hain , airport seal karwa diya gaya hain issiliye pahuchne mein ... safirini : Pilot bhej nahi toh mai laash bhejta hoon . hume plane ka radio operator chahiye , issi wagt ..nai toh .. inzamam : haan haan mai kuch karta hoon .. abhi kissi ko ... just then the person sit next to inzamam interrupt he and give he some information . safirini be watch what they be talk . inzamam : ( mumble to he colleague ) be you sure ? ( he turn ) plane mein ek radio engineer hain , imran Ali . ( continued ) 102 103 77 continued : ( 2 ) safirini look angrily at khalil and he to he and then towards the passenger . khalil : imran Ali kaun hain ? safirini shut the door as khalil once again bark . khalil : ( louder ) imran Ali kaun hain ! neerja look scared towards imran Ali who get up from the place he be sit in . fahad and Mansoor [ who be near he ] look angrily at he and hit he a couple of time . fahad : haraamzaade , ( in Arabic ) pehle jab humne kahaa toh khadaa kyun hai hua fahad hit he again and push he towards safirini and khalil . he slowly walk towards they and neerja be look concerned . khalil be about to angrily walk towards he when safirini stop he . safirini : ( in arabic ) Bas . chhod de usko , usse kaam bhi karwana hain imran Ali stand in front of the terrorist and safirini be angrily glaring at he . safirini : ( in arabic ) Mansoor , [ signal fahad to man that area alone and then to khalil ] mai isse upar leke jaa rahaa hoon tu yahaa dhyaan se sambhaal [ and look around he grab debina by she arm ] safirini then order imran Ali to walk upstairs and push a cry debina towards the stair . int . cockpit - day safirini look at he watch and it show 4:00 pm . debina be sit in a corner scared as imran Ali be try to calm she down . safirini remove the belt from under he kurta as he tell tell imran Ali to operate the radio . ( continued ) 103 104 78 continued : debina be scared further when she see the belt laden with explosive . safirini gently keep it on one side as inzamam come on line . inzamam : ( on the radio ) Pan be ek french crew ko tayyar kar rahaa hain safirini : kitni der mein ? inzamam : Bas kuch hi der , tab take passenger mein se kam se kam aurtien aur bache toh chhod do . safirini : tum waqt batao . pilot jaldi aaye toh hum tumhari baat par amal karne ki sochenge inzamam : mai poori koshish kar rahaa hoon , airport bandh hai issiliye unhe aane mein thoda waqt lag sakta hain safirini : waqt nahi hain inzemam . angrezi samajhne waali crew bhej jaldi . inzamam : tum aurtein aur bache bhejoge ? safirini : sochenge . safirini cut the radio contact . int . neerja 's house - live room - day a sad look aneesh be sit with he hand on he teary eye rama as she be on the phone with harish . it be as if tipsy know the situation too and be sadly sit by rama 's foot . harish negotions chal rahi hain rama , abhi itna hi pataa chal hain yahaa se ( continued ) 104 continued : 79 rama haan toh woh pehle bache aur aurton ko hi nikaalenge to ? yeh poocha ke nahi ? harish rama jaise hi kuch pataa chalega mai bataata hoon rama jab hijack training kar ke aayi thi , toh maine pehle hi bol diya tha , chadd pare training , koi danger ho toh pehle apni jaan bachaa ke bhaagna , lekin yeh ladki sunti kahaa hain meri ... she wipe she tear harish rama I hope humaari lado ko .. rama react rama kya matbal I hope ! mai yakeen se keh sakti hoon lado theek hain , koi koshish bhi kar ke dekhe meri beti ko kuch karne ki , do beto ki maa hoon harish ji , phir bhi beti ke liye mannate maangti rahi , uske paida hone pe hum dono ki jaan ko khatra tha . tha ke nahi ? lekin maine haar nahi maani , to usne . lado mere sapno se bani hain , mere dil ka tukda hain woh , mera wajood hain usse . koi usse haath lagaa ke dekhe mai unna diyaa ... harish rama please relax , tumhara BP rama take a deep breath rama 100 % usne mere paa wapis aana hain usne apna birthday gift chahiye usse , mai uski tayyari karti hoon ( she control she emotion ) bilkul wapis aayegi lado rama wipe she tear and hang up rama : aneesh mai zaraa bazaar hoke aayi , lado ka peela suit laana hain . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 105 106 80 continued : ( 2 ) rama : ( cont 'd ) usko wohi waala chahiye birthday pe CUT to : int . upper section business CLASS - day debina and imran Ali be sit in the Business class seat . with fear writ large on they face they watch safirini furiously pace up and down . he suddenly bark at they with he gun point at they safirini : shutter bandh karo ! jaldi ! imran Ali and debina get up nervously and do as they be tell . safirini be watch they closely . int . plane - day khalil be keep a eye on the passenger a little ahead of the galley . he look frustrated . Mansoor look at ( a half kneel ) heston who be mumble some prayer . he crouch next to he and touch the barrel of he gun to he head . heston be startle and scared . mansoor : biwi bache hain ke apne liye hi duaayen maange jaa rahaa hain ? heston : what ? mansoor : do you have biwi ? wife ? heston : uhhh. .no .. Mansoor shake he head in disdain mansoor : tum angrezon ko shaadi karne mein pataa nahi kya tagqleef hain heston : i.. I have a girlfriend . mansoor : girlfriend ? waah ! waise teri umar bache paida karne ki lagti hain ( continued ) 106 81 continued : heston be try desperately to understand what Mansoor be say , he try he luck heston : you have ? a girlfriend ? Mansoor tighten the grip on he gun , quickly look around to confirm no - one be look at he , then smile sadly mansoor : no , humaari bhi badi khwahish thi , kissi pe jaan qurbaan karne ki ... lekin tumhare mulkon not saara khel bigaad diya ... ( he tone change suddenly ) ab jaa rahe unhe bachaane jo humaare liye qurbaani deke , jail mein hain . heston can only follow the English word , he try to nod mansoor : wahaan yeh plane foooosh ! he make a explosion sound , heston react . Mansoor be bring to attention by a scream khalil . khalil : ( in arabic ) aye kutte , teri himmat kaise hui isse baat karne ki mansoor : ( in arabic ) nai mai toh bas pooch rahaa tha ... khalil : ( in arabic ) khada ho just then neerja bring a cry jatin and the two young girl through the aisle . khalil look at she . khalil : aye , stop ! yahaan kaise aaye ? neerja bacha hain ! toilet use karna hain , insaniat thodi toh bachi hogi tum logo mein ? khalil : insaniyat ? huh ! he point with he gun gesture they to go back ( continued ) 106 82 continued : ( 2 ) neerja : rok lo apne haath , inn sab ko maarne se , khud marne se tumhare mare hue , bichde hue wapis nahi aayenge . neerja fold she hand earnestly , khalil look at that innocent child and then angrily at neerja . Mansoor speak up mansoor : ( in Arabic ) jaane do unko , mai dhyaan rakhoonga khalil : ( in Arabic ) kya matlab jaane doon ! mansoor : ( in Arabic ) bache hain ... khalil : ( in Arabic ) tere bache hain ? mansoor : ( in Arabic ) bhai chote bache hain , itna toh hum kar sakte hain , apne aap pe kaabu rakhiye before Mansoor can complete he sentence , khalil slap he cause Mansoor to reel and fall down . Mansoor be stunne and find a angry khalil stand on top of he with he gun point at he . the passenger who be quiet because of exhaustion begin to scream and panic . jatin be stifling he cry as neerja be protect he from the fraca . khalil : ( in arabic ) kaabu mein tu reh , tu mujhe sikhaayega ? safirini : ( scream ) aye ladko khalil turn to see safirini get down the spiral drag imran and debina with he ( continued ) 106 a/106 83 continued : ( 3 ) safirini : ( in arabic ) yahaan kya ho rahaa hain , tum log ladh rahe ho aapas mein Mansoor push the gun from he face and get up on he foot . safirini : ( hold khalil 's collar ) ( in arabic ) iss tarah karoge toh yeh passenger humaare sar pe chadh jaayenge . akal kahaa hai teri khalil be angry for be reprimand and look angrily at Mansoor . neerja be hope that khalil do not do anything untoward . realizing that jatin be sobbing hard she look at he only to discover that he have peed in he pant . neerja feel bad for jatin and use some tissue wipe he pants while pacify he that this will all be over soon . khalil still fume . int / ext - plane / neerja's house / ht office - day [ montage ] khalil be stare at Mansoor as Mansoor , ignore that stare , look ahead of he . heston be half kneel and lean on the side partition . sweta be pacify she cry cousin jatin . Tina , sanjana and the other airhostess sit in the front section look exhaust . neerja be watch jatin cry from where she be sit and look tired too . rama be stare blankly ahead of she and petting tipsy . akhil be by the stair smoking and aneesh be sit next on one of the step . harish bha not quietly stare at the glass wall in front of he . 107 84 int . cockpit / atc tower - day 4:30 pm safirini be negotiate with inzamam hold debina at gunpoint in front of he . inzamam be watch he from the atc tower use a binocular . safirini : hum ek ek ko khatam kar denge , kissi ka lihaz nahi hoga , to aurtein to bache to buzurg , inzamam : mai khud intezar kar rahaa hoon , Pan be pakistani airline nahi hain ... khalil ( 0.s. ) ( in arabic ) hum bavakoof ban rahe hain safirini be surprised to see khalil stand behind he . safirini : ( in Arabic ) tu yahaan kya kar rahaa hain ? issi waqt neeche inzamam : hello ? hello ? khalil be still stand there defiantly almost glaring at safirini . safirini : ( warning ) khalil inzamam write khalil on a piece of paper and throw it to one the officer stand by who rush away for more detail inzamam : please mujhse baat kijiye , safirini : ( in Arabic ) tu neeche jaa , mujhe pataa hain mere kaam khalil : ( in arabic ) tujhe kuch pataa hain ! ( more ) ( continued ) 107 108 109 110 111 85 continued : khalil : ( cont 'd ) ab tak hum cyprus pahuch chuke hote , lekin dus ghante se jhak maar rahe hain yahaa ! safirini : ( in arabic ) neeche jaa , jaisa maine kahaa hain waisa kar , samjha before safirini can complete he sentence , khalil aim he gun at imran Ali and shoot he in the head . int . plane - day everyone below have hear the gunshot . all of they look scared . neerja be stunne too . int . atc tower - day inzamam lower he binocular and sit down heavily on a chair . pain and disappointment clear on he face . through the radio he can hear safirini reprimand khalil . int . cockpit - day khalil be watch blood ooze out of a dead imran Ali 's head . safirini : ( in Arabic ) khalil ! goli kyun chalaayi ? khalil do not reply as he snatch the radio from safirini 's hand . khalil : ab agar pilot nahi aaye , toh ek ek ka yahi hashr hoga . khalil walk out of the cockpit as debina be cry next to imran Ali 's body . khalil : ( to safirini ) ( in arabic ) karte raho baat . int . plane - day everyone in the plane be sweat and some of they be gasp for breath . ( continued ) 111 112 86 continued : neerja open the pantry and be search for water bottle but they be very few bottle remain . khalil get down from the spiral staircase and look at everybody look at he with dread in they eye . he be take over by blood-lust . khalil : Radio engineer ko yahaan ( he point to he forhead ) goli maar di fahad and Mansoor suddenly get anxious again and be on tenterhook . fahad be enjoy khalil 's antic but Mansoor look concerned . khalil be smile almost look dement when he take a grenade out from he pocket and begin show they in a few passenger face . khalil : goliyaan bhi hain aur barood bhi . my choice the mental trauma of be stick in such a situation , they inevitable fate in front of they and no hope in sight , the passenger begin to tiredly cry . khalil : thodi der aur ... khalil be enjoy the sight . he take the grenade and shove it in front of a few passenger and they begin to panic but khalil seem to be derive pleasure out of it . CUT to : int . karachi airport / hangar area - day brigadier tm be surround by military personnel around a table as inzamam enter . brigadier tm : inzamam miya , bahut bura hua , I just hear about imran Ali . inzamam : Sir maine aapko pehle hi bataaya tha , they be nervous , unke action predict karna mushkil hota jaa rahaa hain ( more ) ( continued ) 112 113 114 115 87 continued : inzamam : ( cont 'd ) ab stall karne ka waqt khatm ho rahaa hain , yeh kissi bhi waqt passenger ko maarna shuru kar sakte hain . brigadier nod and begin take they through the plan for a break - in . point at the blueprint of the airport and runway he be order group of people at a time about they position and movement . everyone around he be all ear . int . karachi airport / conference room - day a press -conference be on and a spokesperson be address a group of journalist . spokesperson : hume poori ummeed hain ke haalaat jald hi humaare kaabu mein a jaayega journalist : terrorist ki demand kya hain ? kya aap unhe mulk se jaane denge ? spokesperson : dekhiye iss wagt hum sirf itna bataa sakte hain ke terrorist Libya se hain , unka India ya Pakistan se koi talug nahi hain , issiliye unhone not american airline hijack ki hain . hum sirf passenger ki salaamati chahte hain , aur ussi ki tayyari mein hain int . plane - day C / u of neerja as she look towards the aisle where khalil [ sweat - soak and bare - body ] be get frustrated and be roam around the little space that he have . it be clear that he be wait for something to happen . heston [ who be kneel all this while ] be tiredly sit and neerja offer he a whatever little water there be . int . cockpit - day safirini be look out of the glass . he look really angry . 116 117 118 88 int . security zone / hangar - day the commando be get dress for action . Shots of they arming they gun , wear they security cover almost get ready for battle . inzamam wear a bullet - proof vest as well together with brigadier tm . int . neerja 's house - day rama completely drain out of energy , be sit hold the phone and talk to harish . rama meri laado nikli plane mein se ? Maine uska gift khareed liya hain , kitta khush hogi dekh ke . harish abhi nahi rama , lekin khabar mili hain ke negotiation chal rahi hain , God willing sab theek ho jaayega rama tussi wi zyaada tension to lena , apne dawai khaayi blood pressure waali ? harish tumne khaayi ? both of they be silent as the answer be obviously the same between - no . int . plane - day the passenger be completely fatigue , hungry and parched . suddenly one senior woman [ maybe rahul Kumar 's grandmother ] begin to palpitate . she black out and fall down limp to the side of she seat . the passenger around panic for help . sanjana immediately rush the woman 's aid . fahad [ near whom this be happen ] do not know what to do . he be brandish he gun and scream out to everybody to stay still . sanjana do not care and reach out to the old lady and begin administer cpr and in panic mode call out to neerja . sanjana : neerja , oxygen !! neerja quickly go towards the business class and Tina join she . ( continued ) 118 89 continued : she bend down to open the hatch on the floor when khalil who be behind they stamp on the hatch and shut it close . khalil : koi darwaza nahi khulega neerja : plane mein oxygen kam ho rahaa hain , woh aurat mar sakti hain khalil : toh mar jaaye . neerja : please mujhe unki madad karne do . khalil point he gun at she . khalil : chal hat ! neerja push away , look at Tina and she expression suggest that they should listen to khalil . the silence in the plane be at a flash - point . suddenly the alarm inside begin to ring . khalil panic and mansoor jolt to attention too . khalil : ( panic ) kisne bajaaya alarm ! neerja rush back to he neerja : ( try to calm he down ) please ruk jaao yeh alarm ... khalil push the gun into she cheek khalil : ( angrily ) pehle tune darwaza khola ab alarm baj gaya hain , tu miltry ko signal dene ki koshish kar rahi hain ? neerja : ( calmly ) alarm toilet mein baj rahaa hain khalil turn , look towards the toilet , the sound do seem to be emanate from there ( continued ) 118 119 90 continued : ( 2 ) he push neerja towards the toilet , Tina spot the chance open the hatch and take the oxygen tank out of the hatch and go in they direction . neerja open the toilet and there fahad be urinate with a cigarette in he mouth . khalil slap fahad at the back of he head , the cigarette drop in the pot . neerja turn off the alarm during this time Tina have reach sanjana and have give she the oxygen and the woman be now breathe a little easy . khalil look at sanjana and Tina angrily , go towards the business class and see the hatch shut and come out to where the passenger be and talk to Mansoor . mansoor : ( in arabic ) Zaleel ho chuke hain , ab humaare saamne sirf maut hain , pilot nahi aane waale khalil : ( scream at the top of he lung ) ( in arabic ) unke baap bhi aayenge humaari tadbeer kaamyaab hogi , poori duniya aaj ka din yaad rakhegi the passenger sit near they cower and hold on to each other for whatever little illusion of security or safety that come from it . neerja look very concerned and look at jatin and the girl cry in fear as well . neerja walk up to they . bhavik : mamma ke paa jaana hain neerja : mujhe bhi CUT to : ext . neerja 's house , live room - day aneesh , akhil , harish and neerja be sit at the dining table , lunch be under way there be butter chicken , dal , fry potato . akhil serve himself ( continued ) 119 91 continued : aneesh bhaiya aap humesha leg piece le lete ho akhil : do taange hoti hain murge ki , mar mat , doosra tu le le neerja smile , she seem disinterested in food . harish neerja ko aloo paa kar , garam paronthi laa rahi hain mummy beta neerja serve herself a few piece of potato rama appear with casserole , she serve everyone a paronthi , neerja refuse as she munch on the potato rama arre ek toh khaani padhegi . neerja mamma mera mann nahi hain rama toh kya khaane ka mann hain , chal kal tu aur mai sharma aunty se chowmien banaani seekhe ? thoda bhaut banaana seekh legi to raje toh wapis jaa ke kam problem hogi neerja and harish exchange a look akhil sawaal hi paida hota ke yeh wapis jaayegi , papa ? rama toh mai kaunsa kal bhej rahi hoon usse wapis ! she sit down and serve herself , everyone eat in silence for a few moment harish dal pass karna aneesh pass the bowl to harish aneesh papa waise thodi mould toh karni padhegi lado ko akhil give he a look ( continued ) 119 continued : 92 ( 2 ) aneesh ( cont 'd ) nai mai yeh no keh rahaa ke usne nahi ki , lekin thodi aur karke dekhe toh ... akhil kya kar ke dekhe ? aneesh ( slightly nervous under akhil 's stare ) bhaiya woh..moulding ... akhil khana kha tu chup kar ke rama arre theek toh keh rahaa hain ? lado aise itni jaldi that to give up karte hain ? itti jaldi itni badi choice . bache adjustment humesha girl ko zyaada karni padhti hain , sab karte hain ... sab koi tere papa jaise no ho sakte , koi koi akhil jaise bhi hota hain she chuckle try to lighten the moment , but be unsuccessful , she look at harish , he shake he head , he eye full of remorse , neerja observe the exchange . rama turn to neerja not want to let go of the opportunity to discuss this rama ( cont 'd ) beta mai naresh se baat karoongi usse samjhaaoongi harish baad mein kare yeh sab discuss rama mahina ho gaya hai , baad mein - baad mein karte harish ji , itni jaldi koi shaadi pe give up karta hain ? now everyone start talk together , akhil , aneesh , harish rama as neerja watch aneesh mamma sahi keh rahi hain bhaiya akhil Maine uski taange todh deni hain , haal dekha tha lado ka jab aayi thi ( continued ) 119 93 continued : ( 3 ) rama akhil aise no bolte beta , harish ji meri baat samjho harish rama tumhe pataa nahi ke kya kya hua hain rama kya pataa nahi hain , mereko sab pataa hain neerja get up , everyone stop talk , she walk to a chest of drawer in the corner of the room . she stop and look at harish , they have a moment of silent decision make . harish walk up to she , remove a small key from the lower drawer and hand it neerja , she open the drawer and pull out a file it be neatly label ' naresh correspondence 's she bring the file to the table , flip through it and start read excerpt neerja papa ko kai mahino se letter bhej rahe the naresh ... ( she skim as she read bit and piece ) mujhe yeh bilkul pasand nahi ke aap baar baar apni beti ko phone karte rehte hain , aapki beti se shaadi karna waste tha , usse koi kaam nahi aata , koi izzatdaar baap apni beti se kabhie modell nahi karwaayega , agar aapne neerja ko phir bombay bulaaya toh usse wapis bhejne ki koi zaroorat nahi hain . she turn to she mother rama look at harish , she have obviously never hear or see this letter before . she walk up to he harish ( whisper ) lado not manaa kiya tha tumhe bataane se neerja continue read neerja ( continue ) mai iss shaadi se khush nahi hoon , neerja be of no use to I ... ( more ) ( continued ) 119 94 continued : ( 4 ) neerja ( cont 'd ) agar usse khana banaana nahi aata toh khana khaane ki bhi koi zaroorat nahi hain ... aapki beti ko ghar ka kaam , saaf safai , kuch nahi aata , yeh sab uska kaam hain , she turn to she mother neerja mamma mujhse jo hua maine sab kiya , jhadhu maara , bartan dhoye , kapde dhoye , uski may ban gayi thi mai mamma , aur phir bhi dekho aur kya likha hain ( she continue ) koi gareeb aadmi bhi apni beti ko shaadi mein kuch de deta hain , aap not neerja ko khaali haath bhej diya akhil : what rubbish , papa not clear bol diya tha ke hum dowry ke bilkul against hain . aur naresh not agree kiya tha . neerja mamma maine sab kuch kiya , mujhe ghar mein kaam ke alawa kuch allow hi nahi tha , music system ko haath lagaane ki bhi permission nahi thi . jab mai aayi thi toh jo mere sar pe chot thi , woh girne se nahi lagi thi mamma , mai clumsy nahi hoon mamma aapko pataa hain to ? ek paisa nahi tha mere haath mein , aapko pataa bhi hain mai kaise aap ko phone karti thi ? neerja 's voice break at the memory , rama rush to she daughter , she take the file from she and throw it aside and hug she daughter tight . neerja rest she head on she mother 's shoulder neerja ( cont 'd ) mai marne se pehle marna nahi chahti babumoshai rama Maine kai no jaane dena tereko . rama weep for she daughter pain . CUT to : strain of mama song begins . 120 121 122 95 int . plane - day neerja sadly smile at the kid . neerja : thodi der aur , be strong please , uske baad tum aur mai dono apni mamma ke paa jaayenge , aur jab woh hume zor se hug karengi toh hum bhool jaayenge yeh sab , I promise . the child nod they head and wipe they tear . mama song continue . int . neerja 's house - evening rama stand by the balcony look out , she face full of worry think about she daughter . she look below at the compound and see three school child , about 6 to 7 year of age , be take home by they mother . transition to : int . neerja 's house - bedroom - evening rama go to neerja 's room and sit heavily on the bed . she look at the wall and think about neerja . she clean up and organise neerja 's room . she settles she stuff toy on she bed and then begin irone she clothes . she move towards one of neerja 's cupboard and remove a file / album from inside . the album have portfolio picture and she modell assignment picture . rama then look at one of the corner in the room and spot a pile of magazine . she pick one of the magazine and flip the page till she reach a full page ad feature a smile neerja . rama then pick the whole pile of magazine and sit on the bed with a pair of scissors and be cut neerja 's picture and lovingly pasting they in the album . as the song continue , rama be do with all the magazine as they lie tatter on the bed . she sit for a while with concern on she face and spot a shopping bag on the bed . she reach out to the bag and from there remove the yellow dupatta and start gift-wrapp it . mother pick the gift wrap dupatta and go to the prayer room . 123 124 96 int . neerja 's house - prayer room - evening rama offer the gift to the god in the altar . with tear in she eye she pray ... rama meri bachi ka dhyaan rakhna mama 's song end . CUT to : int . cockpit —- evening 6:45 pm it be get dark outside . the light at the airport be switch on . a angry safirini be scream at inzamam on the radio . safirini : bahut ho gaya yeh tamasha inzamam : generator aur crew dono aate hi honge safirini : poora din nikal gaya jhooti dalile sunte , mereko pehle hi plane udha dena tha inzamam : plane udhaane ki sochna bhi mat , mai chup hoon kyunki tere paa 300 masoom log gqaid hain , nahi toh tere ... suddenly the radio begin to crackle . safirini be unable to understand what inzamam be try to say . safirini scream out a few hellos to inzamam but it be as if the Radio have run out of battery . safirini , unable to control he rage anymore , bang the radio hard on the cock - pit and break it . he pace around the cock -pit , furiously for a few second and then burst out in rage and with the gun in in he hand start trash the cockpit . debina be cower in fear . he trashes a few equipment and then point the gun at debina . she think that she end be near . ( continued ) 124 125 126 97 continued : he look at she scared and helpless and change he mind continue to trash the cockpit . int . plane - night the noise of safirini 's rage can be hear downstairs and people below have give up hope . neerja , almost know that the terrorist patience have reach its peak get up from she seat . she look at the tired and exhaust passenger , all of they seem to have give up hope . neerja take a flask of tea and coffee and begin walk in between the passenger coax they to have the brew . she reach the man sit near the exit hatch and coax he to have the beverage , he be not interested . khalil be watch she serve that man tea . the tray be on the line of the seat . neerja , while serve he tea , neerja : ( smile and ina soft tone ) iss tray ke neeche ek manual hain sir , le lijiye aur dhyaan se padhiye she swiftly look at the emergency exit hatch next to he , he take the manual . the man be stunne and scared as neerja again smile - from khalil 's point of view it seem as if she be be air-hostessy and try to calm the man 's nerve . neerja : Sir please padh lijiye , aap hum sab ki jaan bacha sakte hain neerja move on to the other side of the seat and begin talk to the man on the other side of the hatch . CUT to : int . cockpit - night safirini have finish venting out he anger . after breathe heavily for a while he make a decision and take he gun , Tina to get move downstairs . safirini : chalo ! niklo yahaa se ( continued ) 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 98 continued : debina , shiver , nervously follow he command and move out of the cockpit . shot - safirini have forget to take the explosive laden belt . ext . karachi airport / hangar area - night brigadier tm be give last minute instruction to the commando . they be all ear . int . plane - night debina get down the spiral staircase follow by safirini . debina go towards she friend in the business class and burst into tear as a couple of the girl pacify she . neerja be walk through row and row of mentally exhaust passenger . safirini look stress and khalil be watch he . fahad and Mansoor be drain of energy and look at safirini and khalil to come up with something soon . CUT to : ext . karachi airport / terrace 1 - night a sniper take position . int . plane - night neerja continue to walk . see the patient struggle to breathe and a worried sanjana take care of she . ext . karachi airport / terrace 2 - night another sniper focus on the plane . CUT to : int . plane - night neerja look around - a worried mother take care of she two peacefully sleep child . a man fan he pregnant wife try to comfort she . 133 134 135 136 137 138 99 ext . karachi airport / hangar area - night inzamam look at he watch - zillion of thought run through he head . int . plane - night neerja still walk - heston be sit on the floor take a look at the passport that be lie around he . safirini , khalil and Mansoor look nervous in the section near the galley . ext , _parmac —_nicht deleted int . plane - night neerja still walk and through she Pov - Mansoor be stand next to heston and he look tired too . khalil 's red-eye flick from one passenger to another . neerja pass he and go towards the business class where a few of she colleague be tiredly sit . from the overhead storage neerja remove she bag and remove a a couple of 5 - star bar that jaideep gift she . CUT to : ext . car / hoarding site - night jaideep be look at neerja smile back at he through the hoard . he be on the verge of tear as he listen to the radio broadcast through the car radio . radio broadcast : 15 ghante se chal rahi hijack ki paristhiti ka koi hal nahi ho paa rahaa , humaare sootron ki anusaar , militry Pan be 73 ke andar humla karne ki tayyari kar rahi hain CUT to : int . plane - night neerja sit down heavily on a chair and be lose in think . she be try to fight negative thought from clouding she mind . she put she hand in she jacket and remove jaideep 's letter . ( continued ) 138 139 100 continued : lovingly she unwrap the chocolate and then remove the letter from the envelope . take a bite from the chocolate she begin to read the letter . jaideep ( v.o . ) ' ek chota sa ghaav bahut gehra zakham ban sakta hain aur ek choti si mulaakat jeevan bhar ka saath ban sakti hain . 's ghaav ko zakhm mat banne do neerja , Zindagi jeene liye hoti hain , pachtaane ke liye nahi , mai chahta hoon ki humaari choti si mulaakat jeevan bhar ka saath ban jaaye . ab please please apne kaka ji ki baat mat taalna . agar unse romance nahi seekha toh kya seekha . marry I babumoshai ? ps : kaun si film ? safar right ? neerja 's eye tear up as she continue to chew the chocolate hold it dearly as if a ray of hope . neerja ( mumble ) aradhna you idiot she weep CUT to : love song ext . car / hoarding site - night jaideep be still listen to the radio broadcast . radio broadcast : nearly 100 Indians be say to be passenger and crew on Pan be 73 and it be difficult to say when this stalemate will end . jaideep be wind the radio cassette . jaideep can not control he tear and begin cry harder . CUT to : 140 141 142 143 144a 144b 101 int . plane - night neerja be silently cry too . CUT to : int . karachi airport / hangar area - night 8:30 pm inzamam be wait for the next move when brigadier tm enter . he signal inzamam , without any word , that it be time for action . ext . karachi airport / terrace 2 - night the sniper focus on a window shutter that have slightly open and he be relaying a message to brigadier tm . commando : Sir ek terrorist not apni window ka shutter khola hain , what be the order sir ? his Pov safirini be look through the window . int . karachi airport / hangar area - night brigadier tm be on the radio channel with the commando . everyone around be wait with bate breath . brigadier tm : take the shot - ext . karachi airport / terrace 2 - night the commando be about slowly about to pull the trigger . suddenly the light in the plane go off . int . plane - night . reaction - neerja - other air-hostess - khalil - panic amongst the passenger . commando : ( surprise ) what the ... !!! sir! 145 146 147 148 102 int . karachi airport / hangar area - night brigadier tm look frustrated as the commando around he be anxiously await order . inzamam : auxiliary power khatm ho gayi hain CUT to : int . plane - night neerja look worried , she mind buzzing with a million thought . some of the passenger have begin to panic as she expect khalil , safirini and Mansoor react to the light go off . khalil : ( in Arabic ) military not bilji kaat di hain , ab woh tayyari kar rahe hain plane mein aane ki safirini unsure . safirini : ( in Arabic ) nahi , woj jaante hain agar woh plane mein daakhil hue toh hum passenger maarna shuru kar denge neerja be watch khalil and safirini talk loudly . khalil : ( aggressively in Arabic ) bhai jaan khalaa ab faisle ki ghadi a chuki hain CUT to : CUT to : 149 150 153 154 a/155 b/155 103 ext , tarmac — nighp pakistani andoe — are_stealthily approach the seme—ofthem — be — in_ the _stai anodrive — in_the— direct £ the plane so that they can : harge side , ent . plane — night - deleted int . _ plane— _nicght deleted int . ht office - night neerja 's father be stress as he see mushtag on the phone . mushtaq khan : ( on the phone ) kya ? be you sure ? he listen for a while and then hang up . mushtaq khan : ( to neerja 's father ) pakistani commando plane mein jaane ki tayyari kar rahe hain CUT to : int . neerja 's house - prayer room - night rama , with fold hand , be praying to she god . her face tired and wrinkle with the stress of the day . c/155 155 104 int . plane - night safirini : ( to Mansoor ) ( in arabic ) Mansoor fahad ke saath peeche jao khalil staff ko leke aage aao . Mansoor pick heston as a human shield and walk towards fahad . khalil go towards the business class area and begin rough up the air-hostess include neerja . the other air-hostess have begin to panic neerja be try to plead with khalil not to do anything rash but he continue to push the air-hostess out of the business class area in economy class . neerja try to go towards safirini . neerja : yeh plane ki auxiliary power khatm hui hain , isse kissi not baahar se bandh nahi kiya hain . generator aata hi hoga , please thodi der ruko khalil slap neerja and she fall away from khalil where jatin and the kid be seat . passenger have begin to panic and some of they can be hear cry and shriek . a passenger behind look scared and be get antsy . neerja get up from she seat again and khalil point he gun towards she as if ready to shoot she when the nervous passenger get up from he seat and run towards the exit hatch diverting khalil from neerja and he fire some bullet in he direction and kill he . safirini , fahad and Mansoor begin fire as well . CUT to : int . plane - night safirni and khalil be madly spraying the passenger with bullet and from behind so be fahad and Mansoor . the passenger sit in the front be victim while the passenger behind be scream , shriek , cower and panic . ( continued ) 155 105 continued : Shots of a few passenger be hit by bullet - passenger cower and barely escape be hit . the man next to the mother with the 2 kid be shot and the mother instinctively , almost throw she 2 sleep child in the small space under the seat one top of the other . a scared neerja shout at the cower man near the exit to open the hatch but the din of the gunshot be too much . neerja jump into action and jump over some passenger reach the exit door and open it . the chute inflate outward . she begin scream for passenger to get out . the passenger near the hatch be so scared that they do not see the way out . neerja pull a few of they towards the door and almost push they out . the passenger near the hatch quickly begin to rush towards that one door . neerja call out to sanjana and Tina neerja go ! mai a jaaoongi , plane se niklo ! sanjana approach neerja and pull she sanjana : come ! neerja sanjana , tum jaao mai baaki passenger ko chute tak laati hoon sanjana : do be silly neerja ! jaldi chalo neerja sanjana ! please ! she push sanjana towards the chute people begin push neerja out of the way as the spray of bullet continue . on see the hatch open the pregnant woman 's husband be try to tell he wife to come with he but he turn towards she and see she eye close . then look at she face and see that it have a bullet wound . he break down and cry see he pregnant wife dead . and while in tear get out of the seat and rush towards the hatch . ( continued ) 155 156 157 106 continued : ( 2 ) safirini , khalil , Mansoor and fahad look merciless as they face light up with each gunshot . the mother of the 2 child think it be time to make good they escape . she slowly reach out to the child under she and suddenly she eye widen with panic . she feel something wet in she hand . she see blood and almost about to cry when she feel they both move . it be the blood from the man shot next to she that fall on the kid . she tell they both to stick with she and she walk out too . neerja push she way through the crowd of people and escape the bullet fizzing past she she manage to open the other door and the chute inflate out . people near that door make a break for it push neerja aside . neerja look around through the chaos and spot the 3 kid a little further away cower under the seat . people on the wing see the chute inflate . a couple of they be scared to jump from the wing almost 20ft down and decide to leap on the chute . one of the passenger manage to land safely on the chute . other try the same . some slip and slide on the wing . some of they fall down and injure themselves but somehow find the strength to bear through that pain and get away from the plane . the mother use all she strength to throw she 2 kid one by one on the chute . they barely manage to make it . she then try to do the same and miss the chute and crash to the ground . her kid help she get up and she turn back to see the flash of the gunshot still on . some of they leap from the wing towards the chute . some make it but some fall badly . Shots of heston jump and landing on the chute . satish Kumar 's grandmother scared to jump but a commando be wait down encourage she to jump and she do . some people landing on another person already fall down . utter chaos in they attempt to just get away from the carnage inside . ext . tarmac - night the ambulance rush into action and the commando begin help the passenger into they . int . plane - night neerja push through the crowd of people rush to make they way out of the plane . some of they be bleed because of the bullet injury . ( continued ) 157 107 continued : neerja push she way through the crowd . most of the people have manage to rush out through the two open hatches but neerja 's eye be on the 3 kid scared and cry under they seat . fahad remove a grenade from he pocket and be about to throw it in the centre of the plane from where the passenger have escape when Mansoor stop he . mansoor : ( in arabic ) nahi fahad nahi , agar humne iss bomb ko phek diya toh hum bhi mar jaayenge fahad : ( in arabic ) hum mar chuke hai Mansoor , aage khaai peeche kua hain , yahaan se bach nikle toh baahar militry maar degi Mansoor look at fahad realize that be clearly the end , he eye fill with tear , he shake he head Mansoor be strongly hold fahad 's hand and stop he from throw the grenade and fahad be try to fight he . on the other side . neerja crawl low over dead - body and reach the 3 kid . they be scared to come out . neerja chalo , be brave now , for I . the boy hold neerja 's outstretch hand . and the 2 other girl follow . the gun -shot have stop and the plane be almost empty . few injure people be groan for help and struggle to get out . neerja be catch in a dilemma whether to help the kid or the injure passenger but choose the kid over they . khalil watch neerja attempt to take the kid to safety . he fire a few round tie to hit she but the injure passenger behind be hit . safirini feel under he pathani and remember that he forget the belt in the cockpit she run towards the spiral stair and upwards . ( continued ) 157 158 108 continued : ( 2 ) on the other side . fahad and Mansoor have start almost fight with each other with the grenade in they hand . fahad punch Mansoor but Mansoor be not let go . mansoor : ( in arabic ) militry maaregi nahi , giraftar karegi , hum bach sakte hain another punch , the grenade fall from fahad 's hand and roll away from they . fahad be angry and take out the knife in he back - pocket and stab Mansoor . on the other side . khalil come run towards the hatch as neerja be coax the kid to slide down the chute . neerja go go , I be right behind you . woh aunty [ point to a sanjana at the end of the slide ] tumhe catch kar lengi . just then they be startle by khalil 's menace voice . neerja look up and see he hold he gun at she . neerja protectively shield the 3 kid behind she back . khalil be about to fire at she when suddenly out of no where , neerja pounce on khalil angrily . he be take by surprise . neerja grab a hold of he gun and try to wrestle it out of he hand . neerja be use all she force and khalil slap she hard a couple if time and try to push she away but neerja be not let go . in the midst of the scuffle a few shot be fire and finally neerja manage to snatch the gun and fire a shot at khalil injure he as he fall backwards . neerja turn around to face the scared kid she smile at they as they look at she in shock . we can now see that neerja have take the two shot fire during the scuffle . neerja smile and tell the kid that she be right behind they and tell they to slide . as they slide down she wince in pain . just then safirini come scream wear no pathani kurta but just the explosive laden belt . safirini : ( scream ) fahad -mansoor - khalil - ( continued ) 158 159 160 109 continued : he look around see khalil injure . look at fahad and see a blood soak fahad stand atop a injure Mansoor . safirini 's face reveal the failure of the mission . neerja watch the 3 kid slide down and sanjana put they in the ambulance and get in as well . she look around to see if anybody else need help but all around she be dead body . safirini stand in front of they , he be wear the explosive belt , he look down at the belt and look at fahad safirini : ( in arabic ) goli chala fahad hesitates look frighten . he hold he gun down . safirini : ( in arabic ) miltry ke haath marne se behtar hain hum apne haathon mar jaaye safirini : ( in arabic ) chala goli . iss tamashe ko khatam kar de fahad come closer and take a shot , he be about to shoot at safirini when suddenly he foot be yank and he trip cause the shot to miss the belt but only injure safirini . it be neerja near the hatch who pull fahad 's leg . neerja then roll down the chute as blood mark spread a trail of she fall . she land hard or the tarmac . fahad be near the grenade that have fall during he fight with Mansoor . there be a blast in the plane . int . ambulance night deleted ext , _parmac nicht deleted CUT to : 161 162 163 164 165 110 ext . tarmac - below the chute - night two stretcher - bearer come rush towards neerja lie in a pool of blood . she be grimace in pain as they put she on the stretcher and go sprinting towards the ambulance nearby . CUT to : int . ambulance - night neerja be bleed , the 3 kid and sanjana be stand close by along with a few more injure passenger and the stretcher - bearer crowd the ambulance . neerja beckon jatin . neerja jatin , mera ek kaam karoge CUT to : int . plane - night inzamam be in the plane . sad , distraught and almost in tear . his eye scan around and through he Pov we see the aftermath of the hijack in the plane . blood. carnage . destruction . he look at the roof destroy because of the grenade blast . a dove come and sit on the edge and then fly off . inzamam find it hard to control he tear . CUT to : ext . tarmac - night brigadier tm watch as the military handcuffs the injure safirini be take into the vehicle . the other injure terrorist be carry on stretcher as well . CUT to : int . plane - night inzamam , cry now , as he see the dead body - imran Ali the radio engineer , anand parekh - with many other dead people in the plane - 166 167 168 111 ext . car / hoarding site - night jaideep be a break man as he hear the news of the break - in gunshot , apprehension of the terrorist and the death of a few passenger . int . plane - night jaideep 's love letter be see float around in the breeze and escape through the hatch door . int . neerja's house - night the irritate monotone of the dd soundbar be hear . aneesh be almost in tear as he be talk on the phone . akhil be stand restless next to he . aneesh : meri behen neerja bha not uss plane pe hain , I need to know if she be safe . please do not put I on hold again . akhil take the phone from aneesh akhil : hello ? hello what be you name ? aap lagaataar hume hold pe daale jaa rahe hain , aapko pataa bhi hum pe kya bett rahi hain ? I want to know the status of purser neerja bhanot . no . I will not hold . mai case kar doonga aap sab pe , hello ? akhil angrily bang the phone . akhil : ( to aneesh ) aneesh , ro kya rahaa hain budhu , neerja ko kuch nahi hoga , jaa mamma ke liye paani leke a , mai phir se try karta hoon akhil take the receiver and call again . it be clear that he be on the verge of breakdown as well . rama be blankly stare at the Color tv with the colorbar on it . she be rock back and forth and mumble to herself ( continued ) 168 169 170 171 112 continued : rama bilkul kuch no hona meri lado ko . sab theek hoga , ghar a jaayegi raat tak , karachi toh paa hi hain . ghar a jaayegi int . ht office - night neerja 's father be on the phone with Pakistan dawn office . harish : any news ? pakistani journalist : Sir bahut confusion hain yahaan , shanakht ki koi gunjaaish nahi , please thoda waqt dijiye hume , kuch maaloom hote hi mai aapko khud phone kar doonga harish : thank you harish hang - up - exhausted and sad . int . neerja's house - day 7th September 1986 - neerja 's 23rd birthday . rama be all dress up and be clutching a wrap gift in she hand . she look grief -stricken but at the same time try not to break down . harish and brother be look sad . rama : ( to herself ) birdday ghar pe manaayegi meri laado int . newsroom - day a Air India plane in the background . reporter : the special air-india flight carry the 86 indian survivor of the Pan - be 73 terrorist attack land half a hour ago . ( more ) ( continued ) 171 172 113 continued : reporter : ( cont 'd ) while there be scene of joy and relief they be accompany by a sense of gloom because of the 13 indian passenger who lose they life during this heinous act of terror . ... [ voice fade ] ext . airport waiting room - day rama , harish and the two brother be in the wait room . forlorn , lose and daze . suddenly the door open and mother immediately get up and a coffin arrive follow by crew and some passenger who be save by neerja . - jaideep be stand with the family as well . sanjana and Tina spot neerja 's family and not know how to react lean on a wall . harish [ try hard to fight he tear ] put he arm around rama 's shoulder as the airport official open the coffin lid . neerja 's limp body be sleep peacefully in it . reality hit rama as she slowly walk towards the coffin . rama reach the coffin and lovingly pass she hand on neerja 's head . rama : thak gayi to meri lado tear begin to flow out of she eye as she pull out a delicate yellow dupatta from the wrap present and put it on neerja rama : dekh ? yahi waala tha to ? mujhe yaad hain beta , mamma ko yaad hain and then she burst out cry , her knee give way and she drop hold the coffin and cry hard . harish break down , aneesh grip he , harish | 34 24 a daddy + s_dead darling daughter he gaye he break down as , jaideep stand close also look break . the mood be sombre and the silence eerie . the crowd cannot hold they tear as well . ( continued ) 172 173 174 114 continued : just then rama 's face be clutch lovingly by a small hand . it be jatin . jatin : neerja ki mamma ? rama nod jatin : neerja aunty not aapke liye message bheja hain ... all the passenger slowly begin gather around the bereaved family . jaideep cannot control he tear while the father and brother be try to be strong . the father hold rama by she shoulder and gently get she to she foot . rama wipe she tear and look at the people surround she . rama and the family be surprised when sanjana , tearful yet proud , raise she hand in a salute . Tina look at sanjana and raise she hand in a salute as well . one by one all the passenger , staff , family , pilot begin raise they hand in a salute of honor include jatin and he two sister . the camera pan through the people stand in salute as the family realize the magnanimity of neerja 's action and what it mean to the survivor . rama accept the salute and more tear begin to flow from she eye . CUT to : ext , _benaras — day — _delete int . auditorium - day the banner in the auditorium read ' neerja bhanot bravery Award 's . the room be fill with girl and boy of all age and they be listen in rapt attention to neerja 's mother stand on stage . mother begin she speech and talk of neerja 's bravery . rama ab sochti hoon toh believe hi no hota ke meri neerja ... ( she voice trail ) aaj mere saath nahi hain . ( more ) ( continued ) 174 175 176 177 continued : rama ( cont 'd ) pehle bahut bura lagta tha , unn anjaan logon ke liye jaan de di , apni mamma ka ek baar no socha ... television screen - 115 CUT to : over image of safirini , khalil , fahad and Mansoor be present in a pakistani Court . newscaster 1 : panam 73 se giraftar kiye hue Libya ke atankwaadiyon ko aaj Pakistan mein , umr gaid ki sazaa sunaai gayi . vimaan mein 300 yaatri aur 13 viman karamchaari the . vimaan se utre har yatri aur karamchari ka yahi kehna hain ke Air hostess neerja bha not saare yatriyon aur apne sehkaramchaariyon ki suraksha karte khud shaheed ho gayi . ext . outside a college - day image outside Sophia 's college - kid draw she picture together with picture of mother Teresa , indira gandhi , sarojini naidu . newscaster 2 : neerja bhanot 's act of courage have make she the new hero for young woman all over India . here you can see she image together with the picture of other woman heroes of India . ext . benare - day Visual over rama 's voice over rama 's close - up , in the backdrop of a rise sun , as she be sit in a dinghy with she husband and son . the father be hold the urn hold neerja 's ash . mother look at it as if wait for neerja to come out of there rama yeh no soch ke mamma kaise manage karegi uske bina . koi apni maa ke kokh se brave paida no honda . ( more ) ( continued ) 177 178 179 180 181 116 continued : rama ( cont 'd ) kissi ko no pataa hota ke aage chalke woh itne logon ki jaan bachaaenge . bandookon se no darenge . ext . benaras —- evening Father release neerja 's ash as they fly into the wind . the brother cannot hold back they tear nor can the father . mother continue to look at the ash stream out of the urn . ext . india gate , republic day parade - day over image of Republic day parade and the ashok chakra award ceremony . newscaster 3 : for she bravery , neerja bha not will be honore with the high award in Pakistan for a act of incredible human kindness , tamgha - e-insaniyat . in India , she will posthumously receive the ashok chakra award for bravery .. this make she the youngest woman recipient to receive this high civilian award for bravery . int . auditorium - day rama continue to speak rama : iski kundli mein likha tha ke yeh kul ka deepak banegi , lekin aise ... jab 23 saal ki jawaan beti ki aise bematlab maut ho jaati hain toh..toh..uss dard ko mai biyaan hi no kar sakti . mujhe lagta tha mai khud bhi mar jaaoongi ext . benaras - evening the dinghy have reach the bank . both the son get down and so do the father and he offer she he hand to help she off the dinghy but she refuse to take the hand and get out of the wobble boat . ( continued ) 181 183 184 117 continued : she look ahead of she and there be a lot of step ahead of she . as if to symbolise that back to the top will take long . int . india gate , republic day parade - day a break and sad rama be walk up to the president as the announcer read the citation of the ashok chakra award . rama begin to cry as she reach president giani Zail Singh . Zail Singh look at she and comfort she with word . rama 's vo continue over Zail Singh 's action of consol she but hold she by she shoulder and talk to she . rama v/o : gyani Zail singhji ki baat mereko aaj tak yaad hain , unhaane keya , twade vargi koi maa nahi hain poore mulk vich , twaada sar fakar naal uchaa hona chaida hain . you should be proud neerja like the rest of India rama look on at the president , accept the citation and turn back . and this time as she walk through the aisle with everyone 's eye on she she be a different woman . she walk with she head hold high and proud . her eye , though tearful , reveal the pride she have for she daughter as the auditorium reverb with the applause that people be confer on she . the camera close in on the rama and to the certificate on which the name be mention in Capital and bold - neerja bhanot . ext . auditorium - day a large group of woman enter the auditorium , big banner outside have neerja 's photograph rama ( 0.s. humaare mein bhaiyon ko veer bulaate hain , rakhi veeron ko bandhti hain behene , int . auditorium - day rama continue to talk ( continued ) 184 185 186 continued : 118 rama : beheno ko toh koi no kehta ke meri raksha karna , meri laado , neerja bilkul aise hi pali badhi thi , usse hansi mazaak kar lo , rajesh khanna ki kissi bhi picture ka koi bhi scene pooch lo , mast maula thi bilkul . ext . benaras —- evening mother take the first step upwards and confidently move up as the family follow she . her speech continue as a vo . rama : pataa nahi kab itni bahadur , itni nek ban gayi woh , mere se sab poochte hain ke kaise parvarish ki aapne ke aapki beti faujiyon se bhi bahadur nikli . by God mereko pataaii no tha ke meri bachi itti ( she voice break ) itti achi bachi hain . int . auditorium - day rama continue she speech . rama : mai toh balki usse rokti thi , tokti thi , zyaada no , kam mehnat karne ko bolti thi ... nazar neeche kar ke chalna , apne se matbal rakhna , khatre ki time apni laaj apni jaan ko sochna , yahi sikhaate hain to hum apni betiyon ko , socho agar neerja not yeh seekha hota mujhse ( she pause ) jis din jaa rahi thi flight pe mai usse apni ring ghumaane ke liye daat rahi thi , aur woh idhar se udhar apni cheeze samet - it hui minto mein chali gai ghar se . kaash maine usse rok ke , uska matha choom ke ek baar zor se gale lagaa liya hota a tear escape she eye , rama Bas ek baar , mere seene se ... ( continued ) 186 187 119 continued : rama hold she hand to she chest as neerja appear next to she , she smile she radiant smile , wipe she mother tear and hug she tight , then she kiss she forehead and walk away . rama smile through she tear rama : karmawaali hoon ji , ke neerja meri beti thi , itti siyaani , itti hasmukh , pataa hain , jaate jaate bhi kya message chhod ke gayi mere liye ? ek chota sa bacha tha plane mein , unno keya ke meri mamma se kehna .. pushpa .. I hate tear . the audience be moist eye and one by one voluntarily stand up and give rama a ovation . the auditorium be reverberate with the sound of the roaring applause . ext . benaras —- evening mother reach the top and she family join she as she look at the golden rippling water of the gange one last time and then smile and hold she husband 's hand and with the other hand call she son to walk ahead with she . safirini , khalil , fahad , Mansoor and Al - Turk be member of the terrorist group the Abu nidal organisation . they be try in Pakistan and be sentence to life imprisonment but release in 2008 safirini be apprehend by FBI and try in America and have be sentence to 160 year in prison . ashok chakra citation - " her loyalty to the passenger of the aircraft in distress will forever be a last tribute to the finest quality of the human spirit " . neerja bha not be posthumously award the title of tamgha-e- insaniyat by Pakistan for show incredible human kindness . the neerja bhanot bravery Award - do you duty , come what may . never tolerate any injustice and never compromise on self - respect . Music / inspirational song begins . ( continued ) 120 187 continued : the end