aladdin : the complete script compiled by BEN scripp &lt;34rqnpq@cmuvm.csv.cmich.edu&gt ; ( portion copyright ( c ) 1992 the Walt Disney company peddler : oh I come from a land from a faraway place where the caravan camel roam where they cut off you ear / where it 's flat and immense if they do not like you face / and the heat be intense it 's barbaric , but hey -- it 's home ! when the wind 's at you back and the sun 's from the west and the sand in the glass be right come on down , stop on by hop a carpet and fly to another Arabian night ! Arabian night like Arabian day more often than not be hotter than hot in a lot of good way Arabian night ' neath Arabian moon a fool off he guard could fall and fall hard out there on the dune . ah , salaam and good evening to you worthy friend . please , please , come closer --( camera zoom in hit peddler in face ) too close , a little too close . ( camera zoom back out to cu ) there . welcome to agrabah . City of mystery , of enchantment , and the finest merchandise this side of the river Jordan , on sale today , come on down ! heh , heh . look at this ! yes ! combination hookah and coffee maker -- also make julienne fries . will not break ( tap it on table ) , will not --( it fall apart ) -- it break . ooohhh ! look at this ! pull out tupperware ) I have never see one of this intact before . this be the famous Dead Sea tupperware . listen . ( pries it open , make raspberry sound . ) ah , still good . ( camera begin to pan to right . peddler hurry to catch it . ) wait , do not go ! ( stop pan . ) I can see that you be only interested in the exceptionally rare . I think then , you would be most reward to consider ... this . ( peddler pull the magic lamp out from he sleeve . ) do not be fool by its commonplace appearance . like so many thing , it be not what be outside , but what be inside that count . ( another pan , this one slower to leave . again , peddler rush to catch up . ) this be no ordinary lamp ! it once change the course of a young man 's life . a young man who like this lamp be more than what he seem . a diamond in the rough . perhaps you would like to hear the tale ? ( peddler pour shiny sand from the lamp into he hand . ) it begin on a dark night ( peddler throw sand into the sky , where it form a starry nightscape . ) , where a dark man wait , with a dark purpose . ( camera tilt down to find jafar sit on he horse and iago on he shoulder . gazeem come riding up to the pair . ) jafar : you ... be late . gazeem : a thousand apology , o patient one . jafar : you have it , then ? gazeem : I have to slit a few throat to get it . ( pull out half of the medallion . jafar reach out for it , but gazeem yank it back . ) ah , ah , ahhh ! the treasure ! ( iago squawk as he fly by and grab the medallion . ) ouch ! jafar : trust I , my pungent friend . you will get what 's come to you . iago : what 's come to you ! awk ! ( jafar pull out the second half of the medallion . he connect they , and the insect medallion begin to glow . finally , it fly out of jafar 's hand , scare the horse , and be off towards the dune . ) jafar : quickly , follow the trail ! ( all ride off , follow the glow speck of light , until it reach a large dune . it separate into two and the halve plunge into the dune . all that remain be two glow point of light on the dune . but then the dune begin to rise up , transform into a giant lion 's head , with the glow point serve as the eye . ) jafar : at last , after all my year of search , the cave of wonder ! iago : awk ! cave of wonder ! gazeem : by Allah ! jafar : now , remember ! bring I the lamp . the rest of the treasure be yours , but the lamp be mine ! ( gazeem start to approach the lion 's mouth , which form the entrance to the cave . he chuckle as he go . ) iago : awk , the lamp ! awk , the lamp ! ( now that iago and jafar be alone , iago open up in normal English . ) jeez , where would ya dig this bozo up ? ( jafar put he finger to he lip and shush he . gazeem reach the cave , but be blow away by the roar of the cave 's speak . ) cave : who disturb my slumber ? gazeem : it be I , gazeem , a humble thief . cave : know this . only one may enter here . one whose worth lie far within . a diamond in the rough . ( gazeem turn to jafar with a question look . ) jafar : what be you wait for ? go on ! ( gazeem hesitates , then move one foot inside the cave . with great apprehension , he plant he foot down . nothing happen . relieved , he begin he trek again . then another roar come . he turn back , but the lion 's mouth slam shut and the dune collapse back to normal . all that be leave be jafar , iago , and the two separate halve of the medallion . ) cave : seek thee out , the diamond in the rough . ( iago unbury himself from the sand , cough as he do so . ) iago : I can not believe it . I just do not believe it . we be never gonna get a hold of that stupid lamp ! just forget it . look at this . look at this . I be so tick off that I be molt ! ( he fly up to jafar 's shoulder . ) jafar : patience , iago. patience . gazeem be obviously less than worthy . iago : ( extremely sarcastically ) oh , there 's a big surprise . that 's a incre -- I think I be gonna have a heart attack and die from not surprise ! what be we gonna do ? we get a big problem here , a big prob - ( jafar pinch he beak shut . ) jafar : yes , we do . only one may enter . I must find this one , this ... diamond in the rough . ( cut to a rooftop , where aladdin rush up to the edge , carry a loaf of bread . he almost drop it over the edge . ) guard : stop , thief ! I will have you hand for a trophy , street rat ! aladdin : ( look back , then down , then at the bread . ) all this for a loaf of bread ? ( he jump off , landing on two rope strung between building , with drying clothes on they . he sky down they , collect bit and piece of clothing on he as he go . finally , he 's near the end of the rope , at a window , when a woman reach out and slam the shutter close . aladdin slam into the shutter and fall to the street , he fall be break by numerous awning and the pile of clothes around he . he pull off the top layer of clothes and be about to enjoy he bread when ... ) guard 1 : there he be ! guard 2 : you will not get away so easy ! aladdin : you think that be easy ? ( he look at three woman , laugh at he . ) guard 1 : you two , over that way , and you , with I . we will find he . ( aladdin pull a sheet over he and wrap himself as a disguise . he rush over to the woman . ) aladdin : Morning , lady . woman 1 : get into trouble a little early today , be not we aladdin ? aladdin : trouble ? no way . you be only in trouble if you get catch -- ( a hand grab aladdin 's shoulder and yank he back . it 's the first guard . aladdin 's disguise fall off . ) aladdin : I be in trouble ! guard : ...and this time --( a screeching sound from abu , then the guard 's turban be pull down over he eye . abu dance on the guard 's head , laugh . ) aladdin : perfect timing , Abu ! abu : hello ! aladdin : come on , let 's get outta here ! gotta keep ... one jump ahead of the breadline one swing ahead of the sword I steal only what I can not afford that 's everything ! ( aladdin battle a guard wield a sword . he dodge a couple of swing , then pull down the guard 's pants . abu raspberry the guard , then dodge a attack . the guard swing at aladdin , but destroy a barrel of fish . as aladdin run off , the guard pull a fish over he lower body as a pair of pants . ) one jump ahead of the lawmen that 's all , and that 's no joke this guy do not appreciate I be break ! ( aladdin and abu scamper up a pile of barrel , then kick one down on top of another guard . ) guard : ( one at a time ) riffraff ! Street rat ! scoundrel ! take that ! aladdin : just a little snack , guy ! ( aladdin scamper to the top of a platform . the guard shake the platform back and for try to knock he off . ) guard : rip he open , take it back guy ! aladdin : I can take a hint , gotta face the fact you be my only friend , Abu ! women : who ?!? ( aladdin jump off the platform to certain death , only to grab abu 's hand like a acrobat . the pair swing into a harem . ) oh , it 's sad aladdin 's hit the bottom he 's become a one - man rise in crime ( abu find a plate full of fruit and stuff he mouth full like a chipmunk . ) woman : I would blame parent , except he have not get them ! aladdin : gotta eat to live , gotta steal to eat tell you all about it when I get the time ! ( aladdin and abu exit . cut to muscleman flex to a crowd . the guard rush past . cut to aladdin and abu behind the muscleman , match he move , until they make a mistake and be discover . ) one jump ahead of the slowpoke one skip ahead of my doom next time gonna use a nom de plume . one jump ahead of the hitmen one hit ahead of the flock I think I will take a stroll around the block . ( a chase sequence , in which aladdin and abu , pursue by the guard , race through a flock of sheep , hurdle a man sleep on a bed of nail {of course one extremely large guard land on him} . abu disguise himself with jewel until a shopkeeper discover he . crowd : stop , thief ! vandal ! outrage ! scandal ! aladdin : let 's not be too hasty ( aladdin be surround by guard in front of a door . the door open and a large , ugly lady come out . ) lady : still I think he 's rather tasty ( aladdin tumble away , then put he arm around a guard , act like they be all chum . ) aladdin : gotta eat to live , gotta steal to eat otherwise we would get along ! guard : wrong ! ( they all jump into a pile and fight . when they stop , aladdin and abu be go . they be sneaking away in barrel . they run across a flame pit , follow by guard who hop up and down , scream in pain as they cross the rock . aladdin and abu pass a sword swallower , then abu go back , pull the sword out of the swallower 's mouth . abu advance on the guard , who retreat in fear . ) guard 1 : he 's get a sword ! guard 2 : you idiot -- we have all get sword !! ( abu set the sword down gently , then run . aladdin and abu be once again surround , with guard come from leave and right . he jump up and climb a robe trick be do on the street , as the guard all crash into each other . ) aladdin : one jump ahead of the hoofbeat ! crowd : vandal ! aladdin : one hop ahead of the hump ! crowd : Street rat ! aladdin : one trick ahead of disaster crowd : scoundrel ! aladdin : they be quick -- but I be much faster crowd : take that ! ( the guard chase aladdin up a staircase into a room . he grab a carpet and jump out the window ) aladdin : here go , better throw my hand in wish I happy landin ' all I gotta do be jump ! ( the guard follow he out the window , but they go straight down to the street , and land in a pile with the sign " crazy hakim 's Discount fertilizer . " aladdin use the carpet as a parachute to land safely and out of danger . aladdin and abu high - five each other . ) aladdin : and now , esteem effendi , we feast ! all right ! ( aladdin break the bread in two and give half to abu , who begin to eat . but aladdin look over and see two young child rummage through the garbage for food . the girl see he , then drop she find and try to hide . aladdin look at they , then the bread , then at abu . ) abu : uh-oh ! ( abu take a big bite of he food , but aladdin get up and walk over to the child . the girl pull she brother back . ) aladdin : here , go on -- take it . ( the child giggle with delight . abu try to swallow he bite , then look guilty . he walk over to the child and offer he bread to they . in delight , they pet he on the head . ) abu : ah , do not . huh ? ( abu see aladdin walk into the daylight , where there be a parade go on . aladdin peer over the shoulder of people . he see prince achmed riding on a horse . ) bystander 1 : on he way to the palace , I suppose . bystander 2 : another suitor for the princess . ( aladdin be startle as the two child come run out from the alley . the boy run out in front of the prince 's horse , startling it . ) prince : out of my way , you filthy brat ! ( the prince bring up he whip to attack the child , but aladdin jump in front of they and catch the whip . ) aladdin : hey , if I be as rich as you , I could afford some manners prince : oh -- I teach you some manners ! ( the prince kick aladdin into a mud puddle . the crowd laugh at he . ) aladdin : look at that , Abu . it 's not every day you see a horse with two rear end ! ( the prince stop and turn back to aladdin . ) prince : you be a worthless street rat . you be bear a street rat , you will die a street rat , and only you fleas will mourn you . ( aladdin rush the prince , but the door to the castle slam shut in he face . ) aladdin : I be not worthless . and I do not have fleas . come on , Abu . let 's go home . ( aladdin make the climb to he home with the view , then tuck in abu for the night . ) aladdin : riffraff , street rat . I do not buy that . if only they would look closer would they see a poor boy ? no siree . they would find out , there 's so much more to I . ( he pull back a curtain to reveal the beautiful palace . ) someday , Abu , thing be gonna change . we will be rich , live in a palace , and never have any problem at all . ( dissolve to same shot during day . cut to int. of sultan 's chamber . the door burst open , and prince achmed storm in , miss the rear end of he pants . ) prince : I have never be so insulted ! sultan : oh , Prince achme . you be not leave so soon , be you ? prince : good luck marrying she off ! sultan : oh , jasmine ! jasmine ! jasmine ! ( the sultan go off into the garden look for he daughter . he find she , but be interrupt by rajah , jasmine 's pet tiger , who block he off . rajah have a piece of the prince 's undershort in he mouth . the sultan grab the cloth and yank it out of rajah 's mouth . ) confound it , rajah ! so , this be why Prince achme storm out ! jasmine : oh , father . rajah be just play with he , be not you rajah . ( rajah come over and allow jasmine to pet and hug he . ) you be just play with that overdress , self - absorb Prince achme , be not you ? ( she cuddle with rajah , enjoy the moment , until she look up at she angry father . ) ahem . sultan : dearest , you have get to stop rejecting every suitor that come to call . the law say you ... both : ... must be marry to a prince . ( they walk over to a dove cage . ) sultan : by you next birthday . jasmine : the law be wrong . sultan : you have only get three more day ! jasmine : Father , I hate be force into this . ( she take a dove out of the cage and pet it . ) if I do marry , I want it to be for love . sultan : jasmine , it 's not only this law . ( she hand he the dove , and he put it back in the cage . ) I be not go to be around forever , and I just want to make sure you be take care of , provide for . jasmine : try to understand . I have never do a thing on my own . ( she swirl she finger in the water of the pond , petting the fish . ) I have never have any real friend . ( rajah look up at she and growl . ) except you , rajah . ( satisfied , he go back to sleep . ) I have never even be outside the palace wall . sultan : but jasmine , you be a princess . jasmine : then maybe I do not want to be a princess . ( she splashes the water . ) sultan : oooohhh ! Allah forbid you should have any daughter ! ( rajah look up and think for a second . jasmine go to the dove cage and yank open the door . the bird fly off into freedom . she watch they go . cut to int. of sultan 's chamber . ) sultan : I do not know where she get it from . her mother be not nearly so picky . ( a shadow fall over he . he look up startle and see jafar . ) ooh , oh . ah , Jafar - - my most trust advisor . I be in desperate need of you wisdom . jafar : my life be but to serve you , my lord . ( he bow . ) sultan : it 's this suitor business . jasmine refuse to choose a husband . I be at my wit 's - end . iago : ( in the parrot voice ) awk ! wit 's - end . sultan : oh , ha ha . have a cracker , pretty polly ! ( he pull a cracker out from he pocket . iago look terrify . then the sultan stuff it in iago 's mouth . iago grimace as he try to eat it . jafar and the sultan both laugh . ) jafar : you majesty certainly have a way with dumb animal . ( iago glare at he . ) now then , perhaps I can divine a solution to this thorny problem . sultan : if anyone can help , it 's you . jafar : ah , but it would require the use of the mystic blue diamond . sultan : uh , my ring ? but it 's be in the family for year . jafar : it be necessary to find the princess a suitor . ( jafar say the word ' princess ' with the accent on the second syllable , " cess . " he turn he staff with a cobra head towards the sultan . the eye of the staff begin to glow . the room darken , jafar 's voice slow down and deepen . the sultan 's eye get a hypnotize look . ) do not worry . everything will be fine . sultan : everything ... will be ... fine . jafar : the diamond . sultan : here , Jafar . whatever you need will be fine . ( the sultan remove he ring and hand it to jafar . the room return to normal as jafar pull back the staff . ) jafar : you be most gracious , my liege . now run along and play with you little toy . sultan : ( still hypnotize ) yes ... that will be ... pretty good . ( jafar and iago exit . we follow they . when they be out of the room , the parrot spit out the cracker . ) iago : I can not take it anymore ! if I gotta choke down on one more of that moldy , disgusting cracker ... bam ! whack ! ( jafar pull a rope , which reveal a hide entrance to he chamber . ) jafar : calm yourself , iago . iago : then I would grab he around the head . whack ! whack ! jafar : ( speak over iago . ) soon , I will be sultan , not that addlepate twit . iago : and then I stuff the cracker down he throat ! ha ha ! ( the pair pass through a door and slam it shut . diss. to ext. garden at night . a shadowy figure walk through . we see it be jasmine in disguise . she reach the palace wall , then begin to climb it . she be tug from behind by rajah . ) jasmine : oh , I be sorry , rajah . but I can not stay here and have my life live for I . I will miss you . ( she begin to climb again , and be help up by rajah , who begin to whine and whimper . ) good bye ! ( she disappear over the wall . cut to daytime on the street aladdin and abu be up to they caper again . they be on top of the awning of a fruit stand . ) aladdin : okay , abu. go ! ( abu dip over the edge and look at the proprietor . ) proprietor : ( to pass crowd ) try this , you taste bud will dance and sing . ( abu grab a melon and hang there , distracting he attention . ) hey , get you paw off that . abu : blah blah blah ! proprietor : why , you ! get away from here , you filthy ape ! ( he grab the melon away from abu . but in the foreground , aladdin dip down and snatch another melon from the stand . ) abu : bye bye ! ( he zing back up . the proprietor take the melon to the front , where he place it on top of a stack . he look confuse , like he have just do this . ) aladdin : Nice goin ' Abu . Breakfast be serve . ( aladdin and abu on the roof break open the melon and eat . we see J asmine walk through the street . ) shopkeeper 1 : pretty lady , buy a pot . no finer pot in brass or silver . shopkeeper 2 : sugar date , sugar date and fig ! sugar date and pistachio ! shopkeeper 3 : would the lady like a necklace . a pretty necklace for a pretty lady . ( she be charme by the action , but be startle by a fish thrust into she face . ) shopkeeper 4 : Fresh fish ! we catch them , you buy them ! jasmine : I do not think so . ( she back away , but bump into a fire eater , who be startle into swallow he fire . ) oh , excuse I . ( he gulp , then belch fire from he mouth . jasmine be disgust . he be pleased and tap he stomach . aladdin see she , and a strange look come over he face . ) I be really very sorry . aladdin : ( he 's obviously deeply in love with she . ) wow ! ( she pull the hood of she cloak over she head . abu see he and jump up on he shoulder , wave he hand in front of aladdin 's face . ) abu : uh oh. hello ? hello ? ( jasmine stop at the fruit stand and see a young homeless child reach for a piece of fruit . she pick one up and give it to he . ) jasmine : oh , you must be hungry . here you go . ( the boy run off . ) proprietor : you would better be able to pay for that . jasmine : ( mystify ) pay ? proprietor : no one steal from my cart ! jasmine : oh , I be sorry sir . I do not have any money . proprietor : thief ! jasmine : please , if you let I go to the palace , I can get some from the sultan . proprietor : do you know what the penalty be for steal ? ( he take she hand and pin it down on the table , intend to chop it off . ) jasmine : no , no please ! ( the sword drop , but he hand be stop by aladdin 's . ) aladdin : thank you kind sir . I be so glad you have find she . I have be look all over for you . jasmine : ( whisper ) what be you do ? aladdin : ( whisper back ) just play along . proprietor : you know this girl ? jasmine : sadly , yes . she be my sister . she 's a little crazy . ( he circle he finger around he ear . she be shocked . the proprietor grab he by the vest . ) proprietor : she say she know the sultan ! aladdin : she think the monkey be the sultan . ( abu be pick a pocket . he hear this , then straighten up . jasmine , play along , kneel and bow to abu . ) jasmine : oh , wise sultan . how may I serve you ? abu : well , blah blah blah blah . aladdin : tragic , be not it ? ( he lean forward , pick up another apple from the cart with he foot . ) but , no harm do . ( walk over to jasmine . ) now come along sis . time to see the doctor . jasmine : ( to a camel stand nearby ) oh , hello doctor . how be you ? aladdin : no , no , no . not that one . ( to abu , whose pocket be bulg . ) come on , sultan . ( abu bow to the crowd and everything he 's steal from the cart fall out . ) proprietor : huh ? what be it ? ( abu pick up what he can carry , and the trio run off . ) come back here , you little thief ! ( cut to int. of jafar 's lab . iago be run on a gear in a bizarre contraption . at the top of the contraption be a storm brewing . ) iago : ( huffing and puffing ) with all due respect , you rottenness , could not we just wait for a real storm ? jafar : save you breath , iago . faster ! ( he place the sultan 's ring in the contraption . ) iago : yes , of mighty evil one . ( iago run faster . a lightning bolt streak through the ring , pass into a hourglass below . the sand begin to swirl . ) jafar : ah , sand of time -- reveal to I the one who can enter the cave . ( the sand in top form the cave of wonder . it fall through into a storm , but it show aladdin climb up a ladder , follow by jasmine who be cover in she cloak . ) yes , yes ! there he be . my diamond in the rough ! iago : that 's he ?!?! that 's the clown we have be waitin ' for ? ( iago lose he foot and be suck into the gear . ) jafar : let 's have the guard extend he a invitation to the palace , shall we ? ( iago go fly past and slam into the wall upside down . ) iago : swell . ( jafar laugh hideously , and the camera zoom in on the sandstorm with aladdin in it . finally , we dissolve into the real aladdin climb to the top of the ladder , follow by jasmine . ) aladdin : almost there . ( jasmine climb over the top , but trip and fall into aladdin 's arm . she stand up . ) jasmine : I want to thank you for stop that man . aladdin : uh , forget it . ( he grab a pole . ) so , uh , this be you first time in the marketplace , huh ? ( aladdin pole vault to the next building , leave jasmine behind . ) jasmine : be it that obvious ? aladdin : well , you do kinda stand out . ( he stare at she , still in love . she return the look . but he realize what he be do , and return to normal . ) I mean , uh , you do not seem to know how dangerous agrabah can be . ( he lay a plank between the building for she to walk over , but as he be lean down , she vault over he head . he look back in surprise . she toss the pole to he . both aladdin 's and abu 's eye bulge . ) jasmine : I be a fast learner . aladdin : right . c'mon , this way . ( they go inside the roof of a building , dodging plank and beam as they go . ) whoa . watch you head there . be careful . jasmine : be this where you live ? aladdin : yep . just I and Abu . come and go as we please . jasmine : fabulous . aladdin : well , it 's not much , ( he pull back the curtain and expose the palace ) but it 's get a great view . Palace look pretty amazing , huh ? jasmine : oh , it 's wonderful . aladdin : I wonder what it would be like to live there , to have servant and valet ... jasmine : oh , sure . people who tell you where to go and how to dress . aladdin : it 's better than here . always scraping for food and ducking the guard . jasmine : you be not free to make you own choice . aladdin : sometimes you feel so -- jasmine : you be just -- both : ( in unison ) -- trap . ( they look at each other , realize that they be perfect for one another . but aladdin then realize where he be , and break the look . he takesthe apple out of abu 's hand and roll it down he arm into the hand of jasmine . ) aladdin : so , where be you from ? jasmine : what do it matter ? I run away , and I be not go back . aladdin : really ? ( he take a bite from the apple in he hand , then hand it to abu , who have a disgust look on he face . ) abu : why you ! ( aladdin walk over and sit next to jasmine . ) jasmine : my father 's force I to get marry . aladdin : that 's -- that 's awful . ( abu appear from behind the princess and try to steal the apple . ) Abu ! ( abu race up to a higher point , chatter and cursing as he go . ) jasmine : what ? aladdin : Abu say that -- uh -- that 's not fair . abu : what ? jasmine : oh do he ? aladdin : yeah , of course . jasmine : and do Abu have anything else to say ? aladdin : well , uh , he wish there be something he could do to help . abu : oh , boy ! jasmine : hmm , tell he that 's very sweet . ( aladdin and jasmine have be get closer and closer , until aladdin lean in to kiss she . he be interrupt , however , by the guard , who have find they . ) guard : here you be ! aladdin and jasmine : they have find I ! ( to each other ) they be after you ? jasmine : my father must have send they -- aladdin : do you trust I ? jasmine : what ? aladdin : do you trust I ? ( he extend he hand ) jasmine : yes . ( she take it . ) aladdin : then jump ! ( they both jump off the roof , fall and land in a pile of salt . they try to get away , but the exit be block by a guard . ) guard : we just keep run into each other , do not we , street rat ? ( again , the guard 's turban be pull down by abu , but more guard be here and block the exit . the first guard pull abu off he head and throw he in a vase . Three other guard grab aladdin . ) guard : it 's the dungeon for you , boy . aladdin : hey , get off of I ! jasmine : let go of he . guard : ( not realize she be the princess ) look what we have here , man - - a street mouse . ( he throw she down . ) jasmine : ( stand up and pull off the hood of she cloak ) unhand he , by order of the princess . ( the guard suddenly stop and bow , force aladdin to bow as well . ) guard : princess jasmine . aladdin : the princess ? abu : ( peek out from the vase ) the princess ? guard : what be you do outside the palace ? and with this street rat ? jasmine : that 's not you concern . do as I command . release he ! guard : well , I would , princess , but my order come from Jafar . you will have to take it up with he . ( the guard drag aladdin out , bow as they go . ) jasmine : ( get a very piss - off look ) believe I , I will . ( cut to int. of palace , jafar emerge from he secret chamber . he slide the door shut carefully , but the princess come storming in before he be finish . he slam it shut , pin iago inside the door frame . ) jasmine : Jafar ? jafar : oh , uh , princess . iago : awk ! Jafar , I be stick ! jafar : how may I be of service to you ? ( he spread out he cape , hide the door . ) jasmine : the guard just take a boy from the market , on you order . jafar : you father 's charge I with keep peace in agrabah . the boy be a criminal . jasmine : what be the crime ? iago : I can not breathe , Jafar ! jafar : why , kidnap the princess , of course . iago : if you could just --( jafar kick he back inside the door and it slam shut ) - - wow , that hurt ! jasmine : he do not kidnap I ! I run away ! jafar : ( walk away as if shocked ) oh , dear ! oh , why frightfully upsetting . have I but know . jasmine : what do you mean ? jafar : sadly , the boy 's sentence have already be carry out . jasmine : what sentence ? jafar : ( with a sinister tone ) death . ( jasmine gasp . ) by behead . jasmine : no ! ( she collapse to the floor . ) jafar : I be exceedingly sorry , princess . jasmine : how could you ? ( she run from the room cry . ) ( iago finally make it out through the door . he fly up and land on jafar 's shoulder , cough . ) iago : so , how do it go ? jafar : I think she take it rather well . ( they both get a sinister smile on they face . ) ( diss . to jasmine at night , cry at the edge of the fountain . rajah come over to comfort she . she pet he . ) jasmine : it 's all my fault , rajah . I do not even know he name . ( cut to int. of dungeon . rat scurry by , and we descend until we see aladdin chain to the wall . ) aladdin : ( to himself ) she be the princess . I do not believe it . I must have sound so stupid to she . abu : ( from a distance ) yoo-hoo ! aladdin ? hello ! ( abu appear at the window at the top of the dungeon . ) aladdin : Abu ! down here ! hey , c'mon - - help I outta this . ( abu stop , then begin chatter wildly , drop to the ground . he wrap a cloth around he head and make he eye big in a imitation of the princess . ) aladdin : hey , she be in trouble . ah , she be worth it . ( abu jump up on aladdin 's shoulder and pull a small set of tool out of he pocket , then frees aladdin . ) abu : yeah , yeah , yeah . aladdin : do not worry , Abu . I will never see she again . I be a street rat , remember , and there 's a law . she 's gotta marry a prince , she deserve it . ( abu finally frees aladdin 's hand . ) abu : ta da ! aladdin : ( rubbing he wrist ) I be a-- I be a fool old man : you be only a fool if you give up , boy . ( we see a old man sit in the corner that neither aladdin nor abu have see before . ) aladdin : who be you ? old man : a lowly prisoner , like yourself . but together , perhaps we can be more . aladdin : I be listen . old man : there be a cave , boy . a cave of wonder . fill with treasure beyond you wildest dream . treasure enough to impress even you princess , I would wager . ( listener will note that the old man pronounce the word ' princess ' as " prin-cess " rather than the standard pronunciation of " prin - cess . " the old man turn he back , and iago stick he head out of jafar 's " old man " disguise . ) iago : Jafar , can ya hurry it up ? I be dyin ' in here ! aladdin : but the law say that only a prince can marry -- old man : you have hear of the golden rule , have not you boy ? whoever have the gold make the rule . ( he grin , show a hideously bad mouth . ) aladdin : so why would you share all of this wonderful treasure with I ? old man : I need a young man with strong leg and a strong back to go in after it . aladdin : ah , one problem . it 's out there , we be in here ? ( the old man walk to a wall and push open a hide exit . ) old man : mmm , mmm , mmm. , thing be not always what they seem . so , do we have a deal ? ( aladdin look at abu , who shrug he shoulder . ) abu : oh , hmm . ( cut to desert scene . we see aladdin lead a horse with the old man and abu on it . diss. to cave of wonder . ) cave : who disturb my slumber ? aladdin : it be I , aladdin . cave : proceed . touch nothing but the lamp . ( the cave open up with a roar , and a staircase appear in front of aladdin . ) old man : remember , boy -- first fetch I the lamp , and then you shall have you reward . aladdin : c'mon , abu. ( to abu hide under the shoulder of he vest . ) ( aladdin begin to descend the staircase . he reach the bottom and enter a golden chamber fill with treasure . ) aladdin : would ya look at that ! abu : uh oh ! aladdin : just a handful of this stuff would make I richer than the sultan ! ( abu peek out , see the treasure , then bolt for it . ) aladdin : Abu ! ( abu stop in mid run , hover over a rug on the floor . ) aladdin : do n't...touch ... anything ! we gotta find that lamp . ( they begin to make they way through the room when the carpet rise off the floor and begin follow they . abu get the feel they be be follow . ) abu : huh ? ( he turn , and the carpet lie flat on the floor . he continue , and the carpet begin to follow again . again , abu turn back , but the carpet be roll up and lean against a pile of treasure . abu run to aladdin and tug he pant leg . ) abu : aladdin ! aladdin ! aladdin : Abu , will ya knock it off ? ( again the carpet follow , but this time , when abu turn , the carpet jump to the other side . it reach down with a tassel and pull abu 's tail . when abu jump around , carpet again go to the other side . this time , abu land in a karate stance . carpet reach down and pluck abu 's hat off , then put it on himself . abu sit think for a second , until carpet wave a tassel in front of he face . abu and carpet both jump scared , and run away . abu tackle aladdin and turn he head to look at the carpet . ) aladdin : Abu , what be you -- crazy ? ( the carpet peek out from behind a pile of treasure . ) aladdin : a magic carpet ! c'mon. c'mon out . I be not gonna hurt you . ( the carpet slowly come out , shyly , then pick up abu 's hat and dust it off . it fly over to aladdin and hand the hat to abu next to he . abu screech , and jump onto aladdin 's shoulder . ) aladdin : take it easy , Abu . he 's not gonna bite . ( the carpet again pick up abu 's hat and hand it to he . abu shake he fist and screech at it . carpet begin to walk away , " sadly . " ) aladdin : hey , wait a minute . do not go . maybe you can help we . ( carpet look back , excited . it then fly over and wrap around the pair . ) hey , whoa ! you see , we be try to find this lamp . ( carpet motion for they to follow it . ) I think he know where it be . ( they pass through a long cave , until they emerge in a giant underground cavern . in the centre of the room be a tall pillar , with a staircase go up to it . it be surround by water with unevenly place stone form a bridge . at the top of the pillar be a beam of light . aladdin begin to cross the bridge . ) aladdin : wait here ! abu : oh. huh ? ( abu see a shrine with a golden monkey . the outstretch paw hold a giant ruby . abu be hypnotically draw to it . aladdin climb the stair quickly . carpet see abu and grab he tail try in vain to hold he back . aladdin finally reach the magic lamp . ) aladdin : this be it ? this be what we come all the way down here to -- ( he look down and see abu break free of carpet 's hold and lunge toward the jewel . ) Abu - no ! ( abu grab the jewel . there be a rumbling and the room begin to shake . ) cave voice : infidels ! abu : uh oh ! cave voice : you have touch the forbidden treasure . ( abu place the jewel back into the paw , but the jewel and the shrine melt into lava . ) now you will never again see the light of day ! ( aladdin race down the step , but they flatten into a ramp , and he sky down until he fly into the air . the water have turn into lava . he be fall toward it , when all of a sudden carpet appear and catch he . abu be stand on one of the rock of the bridge . he look leave and right and see rock explode into lava . then carpet race over and aladdin grab he , just as the last rock be explode . ) aladdin : whoa ! carpet , let 's move ! ( together , they race back through the cave dodging wall and fall debris . abu grab aladdin 's head and cover he eye . ) aladdin : Abu , this be no time to panic ! ( he pull abu off he head and see they be fly into a wall . ) start panic . ( carpet go into a dive , then through another cave . finally , they emerge through the internal entrance . outside , the cave begin to growl and close . carpet and company be almost to the top when a boulder drop on carpet , send it to the floor . aladdin grab onto the rock wall and hold on . he see the old man at the top , within reach . ) aladdin : help I out ! old man : throw I the lamp ! aladdin : I can not hold on . give I you hand . old man : first give I the lamp ! ( aladdin reach in and pull out the magic lamp . he hand it up , a no the old man raise it above he head . ) old man : ha ha ha ha ! yes ! at last ! ha ha ha ha ! ( aladdin have climb out with the assistance of abu . but the old man kick aside abu and grab aladdin 's wrist . ) aladdin : what be you do ? old man : give you you reward . ( jafar return to he normal voice . ) you eternal reward . ( he pull out a crooked dagger and be about to stab aladdin , when abu bite he on the wrist . he scream , but let go of aladdin , who fall into the cave . old man throw abu into the cave as well . they fall . carpet see this , but be pin under a boulder . it struggle to break free , then do . it race up and catch aladdin , but he have already hit the wall several time , and be unconscious . on the surface , the cave roar one final time , then sink back into the sand . jafar pull off he disguise . ) jafar : heh heh heh ! it 's mine . it 's all mine ! I ( he can not find it in he pocket ) - -- where be it ? no. no !! ( kiss fade to jasmine 's bedroom . she be sit on she bed , next to rajah who look sad . the sultan walk in . ) sultan : jasmine ? oh , dearest . what 's wrong ? jasmine : Jafar ...has ... do something ... terrible . ( she look as if she 's be cry . ) sultan : there , there , there , my child -- we will set it right . now , tell I everything . ( cut to int. of cave . aladdin lie unconscious on the carpet . abu try to wake he . ) abu : oh , oh. aladdin ? wake up . aladdin . ( carpet rise up , lift aladdin up . he awake slowly . ) aladdin : oh , my head . ( he look at the entrance seal in . ) we be trap . ( angry , shaking he fist at the entrance ) that two face son-of - a-jackal ! ( calmer ) whoever he be , he 's long go with that lamp . abu : aha ! ( abu pull out the magic lamp . ) aladdin : why , you hairy little thief ! look like such a beat - up , worthless piece of junk . hey , I think there 's something write here , but it 's hard to make out . ( he rub the lamp . suddenly smoke come out of the hole , the lamp begin to shake and glow , but aladdin hold onto the lamp , and we wonderful friend , the genie come out . ) genie : aaaaahhhhh ! oy ! ten-thousand year will give ya such a crick in the neck ! ( he hang aladdin on a nearby rock . then he pull he head off and spin it around , yell as he do so . carpet pull a aladdin down . ) whoa ! do it feel good to be outta there ! ( genie use the lamp end of himself as a microphone . ) Nice to be back , lady and gentleman . hi , where ya from ? ( stick the mic in aladdin 's face . ) what 's you name ? aladdin : uh , Al --uh -- aladdin . genie : ( say he name as if he 's discover something major ) aladdin ! ( a neon sign light up with aladdin 's name on it , circle by chase light . the sign change to reflect the genie 's upcoming line . ) hello , aladdin . Nice to have you on the show . can we call you ' Al ? ' or maybe just ' Din ? ' or how bout ' laddi ? ' ( genie disappear , then a dog wrap in plaid jump in . ) sound like ' here , boy ! c'mon , laddi ! ' aladdin : ( shake he head ) I must have hit my head harder than I think . genie : ( still a dog ) do you smoke ? mind if I do ? ( Dog poof into smoke , then back to the genie . abu screech wildly . ) oh , sorry cheetah - - hope I do not singe the fur ! hey , rugman ! have not see you in a few millennia ! slap I some tassel ! yo! yeah ! ( carpet fly over and high fives the genie . genie look at aladdin . ) say , you be a lot smaller than my last master . ( lift he beer - gut . ) either that or I be gettin ' bigger . look at I from the side -- do I look different to you ? aladdin : wait a minute ! I be -- you master ? genie : ( slap a diploma in aladdin 's hand and a mortarboard on he head . ) that 's right ! he can be teach !! what would you wish of I , ( as Arnold schwarzenegger ) the ever impressive , ( inside a cube ) the long contain , ( as a ventriloquist with a dummy ) often imitate , ( toss the dummy aside ) but never duplicate -- ( he multiply into multiple genie who surround he . ) dup . genie : duplicate , duplicate , duplicate , duplicate , duplicate , duplicate , duplicate , duplicate , duplicate . genie : ( say it like a ring announcer at a box match . ) genie ! of ! the lamp ! ( go into Ed Sullivan ) right here direct from the lamp , right here for you enjoyment wish fulfillment . thank youuuuu ! aladdin : whoa ! wish fulfillment ? genie : Three wish to be exact . and ix - nay on the wishing for more wish . ( turn into a slot machine , arm pull down and three genie appear in the window . ) that 's it -- three . ( Three genie caballeros come out of the slot . ) Uno , dos , tres. ( change into b/w groucho marx . ) no substituon , exchange or refund . ( the duck drop with the secret word " refunds . ' aladdin : ( to abu ) now I know I be dream . genie : ( Music for " friend like I " begin ) master , I do not think you quite realize what you have get here ! so why do not you just ruminate , whilst I illuminate the possibility . ( genie light up like a fluorescent light ) well Ali Baba have they forty thief scheherazadie have a thousand tale but master you in luck ' cause up you sleeve you get a brand of magic never fail ! ( genie produce 40 thief who surround aladdin with sword . genie appear in he vest , then stick he arm out and box the thief into submission . ) you get some power in you corner now some heavy ammunition in you camp you get some punch , pizzazz , yahoo and how see all you gotta do be rub that lamp and I will say ( box ring appear , aladdin in the corner , be massage by genie . then genie turn into a pile of firework and explode . then genie appear inside lamp and grab aladdin 's hand and rub lamp with it . ) mister aladdin sir what will you pleasure be ? let I take you order , jot it down you be not never have a friend like I no no no ! ( genie produce a table and chair , then write down thing on a note pad , like a waiter . ) life be you restaurant and I be you maitre ' d! c'mon whisper what it be you want you be not never have a friend like I . ( genie appear as a plate of chicken , then return to normal , but enlarge he ear to listen to aladdin . finally , he explode into four duplicate genie . ) yes sir , we pride ourselves on service you be the boss , the king , the shah ! say what you wish , it 's yours ! true dish how about a little more baklava ? ( the genie give he a shave , haircut and manicure , then aladdin appear in a comfy chair ( eh ? ) surround by the treasure and be fan by woman . the genie appear and fill the screen with baklava . ) try some of column ' a' try all of column ' B ' I be in the mood to help you dude you be not never have a friend like I ( aladdin rise up on a column of food with a giant a on top , then jump to another column with a B on top . he fall off and be catch by a cushion hold by genie . he open he mouth , and he tongue turn into a staircase . a miniature genie dress like a magician come out . ) ( the mini genie do a little dance with the genie 's two giant hand . at the end , they surround the mini genie and squish he into nothing . ) can you friend do this ? do you friend do that ? do you friend pull this out they little hat can you friend go poof ! well looky here can you friend go abracadabra , let 'er rip and then make the sucker disappear ? ( the genie pull off he head , duplicate it , then juggle they . he toss they to aladdin , who juggle with one hand and spin one of the head on he fingertip like a basketball . he toss the head back onto the genie , who proceed to try and pull himself out of a hat at he base . he spiral around and around until he turn into a white rabbit . the rabbit transform into a purple dragon ( very reminiscent of figment from epcot Center ) . the dragon breathes fire , which turn into three harem girl , who dance around aladdin . just as he begin to enjoy they , they disappear . ) so do not you sit there slack jaw , buggy eye I be here to answer all you midday prayer you get I bona fide , certified you get a genie for a charg ? d' affair ! I get a powerful urge to help you out so what you wish I really want to know you get a wish that 's three mile long , no doubt so all you gotta do be rub like so , and oh ! ( genie imitate what he be call aladdin , then turn into a certificate which roll up and surround aladdin . genie pull a list {written in arabic} out of aladdin 's ear , which he use to rub he behind like drying off after a shower . ) mister aladdin , sir , have a wish or two or three I be on the job , you big nabob you be not never have a friend , never have a friend you be not never have a friend , never have a friend you be not never ...had a... friend ... like ...me! you be not never have a friend like I ! ( the dance harem girl reappear , and aladdin lean in to kiss one . she turn into the genie , who zap four dance elephant into existence . to the other direction , he zap in four dance camel , and a grand finale dance number ensue . abu grab as much gold as he can , but the genie wrap everything up in a cyclone and zap it away until they be all back in the cave . genie have a neon " applause " sign on he back . abu turn he hat over and see that be be empty . ) genie : so what will it be , master ? aladdin : you be gonna grant I any three wish I want ? genie : ( as William f. Buckley ) ah , almost . there be a few provisos , a couple of quid pro quo aladdin : like ? genie : ah , rule number one : I can not kill anybody . ( he slice he head off with he finger . ) so do not ask . rule two : I can not make anyone fall in love with anyone else . ( head turn into a big pair of lip which kiss aladdin . ) you little punim , there . ( lies flat , then get up and transform into a zombie . ) rule three : I can not bring people back from the dead . it 's not a pretty picture , ( he grab aladdin and shake he ) I do not like do it ! ( he poof back to normal . ) other than that , you get it ! aladdin : ( look at abu as if plotting ) ah , provisos ? you mean limitation ? on wish ? ( to abu ) some all powerful genie -- can not even bring people back from the dead . I do not know , Abu -- he probably can not even get we out of this cave . look like we be gonna have to find a way out of here -- ( they start to leave , but a big blue foot stomp down in front of they . ) genie : Excuse I ? be you lookin ' at I ? do you rub my lamp ? do you wake I up , do you bring I here ? and all of a sudden , you be walkin ' out on I ? ( get madder and madder ) I do not think so , not right now . you be gettin ' you wish , so siddown ! ( they all get on carpet . genie take the form of a stewardess , with lot of arm point out the exit . ) in case of emergency , the exit be here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , anywhere ! keep you hand and arm inside the carpet . weeee 'rrrrrreee ...outta here ! ( the carpet and passenger fly out of the sand in the desert and off into the distance . cut to int. of sultan 's chamber . jafar be there with iago , jasmine and the sultan . ) sultan : Jafar , this be a outrage . if it be not for all you year of loyal service ... . from now on , you be to discuss sentencing of prisoner with I , before they be behead . jafar : I assure you , you highness , it will not happen again . sultan : jasmine , Jafar , now let 's put this whole messy business behind we . please ? jafar : my most abject and humblest apology to you as well , princess . ( he take she hand to kiss it , but she yank it away . ) jasmine : at least some good will come of my be force to marry . when I be queen , I will have the power to get rid of you . sultan : that 's nice . all settle , then . now , jasmine , get back to this suitor business , ( he look and see jasmine walk out ) jasmine ? jasmine ! ( he run after she . ) jafar : if only I have get that lamp ! iago : ( as jasmine ) I will have the power to get rid of you ! D 'oh ! to think -- we gotta keep kissing up to that chump , and he chump daughter for the rest of we life ... jafar : no , iago . only until she find a chump husband . then she will have we banish -- or behead ! both : eeewww ! iago : ( have a idea ) oh ! wait a minute ! wait a minute ! Jafar ? what if you be the chump husband ? jafar : ( he look at iago in insult ) what ? iago : okay , you marry the princess , all right ? then , uh , you become sultan ! jafar : oh! marry the shrew ? I become sultan . the idea have merit ! iago : yes , merit ! yes ! and then we drop papa-in - law and the little woman off a cliff ! ( dive bomb into the floor ) kersplat ! jafar : iago , I love the way you foul little mind work ! ( both laugh as we cut to a oasis in the desert , where carpet be come in for a landing . ) genie : ( still as stewardess ) thank you for choose Magic carpet for all you travel need . do not stand until the rug have come to a complete stop . ( as aladdin and abu get off down the stairway form by carpet ) thank you . good bye , good bye ! thank you ! good bye ! ( back to normal ) well , now . how about that , Mr. doubting mustafa ? aladdin : oh , you sure show I . now about my three wish - genie : dost mine ear deceive I ? Three ? you be down by one , boy ! aladdin : ah , no -- I never actually wish to get out of the cave . you do that on you own . ( genie think for a second , then he jaw drop . he turn into a sheep . ) genie : well , do not I feel just sheepish ? all right , you baaaaad boy , but no more freebies . aladdin : Fair deal . so , three wish . I want they to be good . ( to genie ) what would you wish for ? ( genie be hang like a hammock between two tree . ) genie : I ? no one 's ever ask I that before . well , in my case , ah , forget it . aladdin : what ? no , tell I . genie : freedom . aladdin : you be a prisoner ? genie : it 's all part - and - parcel , the whole genie gig . ( grow gigantic , voice echoe ) phenomenal cosmic power ! ( shrink down , cramped in magic lamp . ) itty bitty live space aladdin : genie , that 's terrible . genie : ( come out of the lamp ) but , oh - - to be free . not have to go " poof ! what do you need ? poof ! what do you need ? poof ! what do you need ? " to be my own master , such a thing would be great than all the magic and all the treasure in all the world ! but what be I talk about , here ? let 's get real here . it 's not gonna happen . genie , wake up and smell the hummus aladdin : why not ? genie : the only way I get outta this be if my master wish I out . so you can guess how often that 's happen . aladdin : I will do it . I will set you free . genie : ( head turn into pinocchio 's with a long nose ) uh huh , right . whoop ! aladdin : no , really , I promise . ( he push the nose back in and genie 's head return to normal . ) after make my first two wish , I will use my third wish to set you free . ( he hold out he hand ) genie : well , here 's hopin ' . ( shake aladdin 's hand . ) o.k . let 's make some magic ! ( turn into a magician . ) so how ' bout it . what be it you want most ? aladdin : well , there 's this girl -- genie : eehhh ! ( like a buzzer , and genie 's chest show a heart with a cross through it . ) wrong ! I can not make anybody fall in love , remember ? aladdin : oh , but genie . she 's smart and fun and ... genie : pretty ? aladdin : beautiful . she 's get this eye that just ... and this hair , wow ... and she smile . genie : ( sitting in a parisian cafe with abu and carpet . ) ami . c'est l'amour . aladdin : but she 's the princess . to even have a chance , I would have to be a--hey , can you make I a prince ? genie : let 's see here . ( have a " Royal cookbook " . ) uh , chicken a 'la king ? ( pull out a chicken with a crown on its head ) nope . alaskan king crab ? ( yank out he finger , and we see sebastian the crab from " the Little mermaid " clamp on . ) ow , I hate it when they do that . caesar 's salad ? ( a dagger come out and try to stab he . ) et tu , brute ? ah , to make a prince . ( look slyly at aladdin . ) now be that a official wish ? say the word ! aladdin : genie , I wish for you to make I a prince ! genie : all right ! woof woof woof woof ! ( take on square shoulder and look like arsenio Hall . then become a tailor / fashion designer . ) first , that fez and vest combo be much too third century . this patch -- what be we try to say -- beggar ? no ! let 's work with I here . ( he take aladdin 's measurement , snap he finger and aladdin be outfit in he prince costume . ) I like it , muy macho ! now , still need something . what do it say to I ? it say mode of transportation . Excuse I , monkey boy ! aqui , over here ! ( abu try to cover himself with carpet , but genie zap he and he fly over . ) abu : uh oh ! genie : here he come , ( aladdin and genie be on a game show set , where aladdin stand behind a podium with " al " on it . ) and what better way to make you grand entrance on the street of agrabah , than riding you very own brand new camel ! watch out , it spit ! ( a door bear the genie 's head on it open , where abu be transformed into a camel . he spit out the side of he mouth on cue . but the genie 's not sure . ) mmm , not enough . ( he snap he finger and abu turn into a fancy white horse . ) still not enough . let 's see . what do you need ? ( the genie snap he finger repeatedly , turn abu into : a duck , a ostrich , a turtle , and a ' 57 cadillac , with license plate " abu 1 . " ( that one 's a guess , I do not know car , but judge by the tail fin , ' nuff say . ) finally , he 's return to normal . ) yes !! esalalumbo , shimin dumbo ! whoa !! ( and on the keyword of the spell , dumbo , abu turn into a elephant . carpet struggle to get out from under abu 's size 46 foot . ) talk about you trunk space , check this action out ! ( abu see he reflection in a pool of water , then jump into a tree . the tree naturally bend right back down to the ground , where abu hang on and look at aladdin upside down . ) aladdin : Abu , you look good . genie : he 's get the outfit , he 's get the elephant , but we be not through yet . hang on to you turban , kid , cause we be gonna make you a star ! ( we zoom out slowly with the oasis in the distance , as firework begin to explode outward . cut to a cu of a pile of toy . ( look for the beast here . ) we tilt up and see the sultan balance they . he carefully balance the last piece on top , then sit back and sigh . jafar storm in , though , and the pile collapse . ) jafar : sire , I have find a solution to the problem with you daughter . iago : awk ! the problem with you daughter ! sultan : oh , really ? jafar : ( unrol a scroll ) right here . " if the princess have not choose a husband by the appoint time , then the sultan shall choose for she . " sultan : but jasmine hate all that suitor ! ( he try to stuff a cracker into iago 's mouth . iago back away . the sultan absentmindedly pull the cracker back . ) how could I choose someone she hate ? ( iago be relieved , but the sultan quickly stuff a cracker in he mouth . ) jafar : not to worry , my liege . there be more . if , in the event a suitable prince cannot be find , a princess must then be wed to ...hmm ... interesting . sultan : what ? who ? jafar : the royal vizier ! why , that would be ...me! sultan : why , I think the law say that only a prince can marry a princess , I be quite sure . jafar : desperate time call for desperate measure , my lord . ( he pull out the staff and hypnotize the sultan with it . ) sultan : yes ... desperate measure ... jafar : you will order the princess to marry I . sultan : I ... will order ... the princess ...to ... ( the spell break momentarily ) ... but you be so old ! jafar : ( hold the staff closer ) the princess will marry I ! sultan : the princess will marry ... ( the spell be again break , this time by the trumpet fanfare of " Prince Ali " . ) what ? what be that ? that music ! ha ha ha . jafar. , you must come and see this ! ( we see a advance parade , lead by what appear to be the genie in human form as a major . ) marcher : make way for Prince Ali ! swordsmen : say hey ! it 's Prince Ali ! major : hey , clear the way in the old bazaar , hey you , let we through , it 's a bright new star , now come , be the first on you block to meet he eye ! make way , here he come , Ring bell , bang the drum . you be gonna love this guy ( the major mingle amongst different crowd member . ) Prince Ali , fabulous he , Ali ababwa ! genuflect , show some respect down on one knee ( abu the elephant march through town , with aladdin ( ali ) on he back . ) now try you best to stay calm brush up you Sunday salaam and come and meet he spectacular coterie . ( iago be dance to the music until jafar glare at he . the major " wheelbarrows " six man up onto abu 's trunk . they stand on each other 's shoulder as ali shake hand . ) Prince Ali , mighty be he , Ali ababwa ! strong as ten regular man , definitely he face the gallop horde a hundred bad guy with sword who send that goons to they lord , why Prince Ali ! ( the pile collapse on ali , but a genie ( tm ) brand lightning bolt zap the pile and he end up hold they all up in a acrobatic wheel formation . the genie turn into a old man , then a child and speak the last two line to the crowd . ) chorus of men : ( carry the camel ) he 's get seventy - five golden camel ! ( in pop a typical parade commentator ) harry : do not they look lovely , June ? chorus of women : ( on a float ) purple peacock , he 's get fifty - three ! ( in come another commentator . ) JUNE : fabulous , Harry , I love the feather ! genie : ( genie be off screen , a giant balloon gorilla proceed down the parade ) when it come to exotic type mammal have he get a zoo , I be tell you it 's a world class menagerie ! ( genie pop in as a leopard , then a goat , and speak the last two line to the two child from earlier . we cut to a balcony , where three harem girl be join by the harem genie . ) genie : girl : ( in couterpoint ) Prince Ali , handsome be he , Ali ababwa there 's no question this Ali 's allure that physique , how can I speak never ordinary , never boring weak at the knee everything about the man just plain impress well , get on out in that square he 's a wonder , he 's a whiz , a wonder adjust you veil and prepare he 's about to pull my heart asunder to gawk and grovel and stare at Prince Ali ! and I absolutely love the way he dress ! ( jasmine have be watch from the balcony of the palace . she humph it off , then leave . ) chorus : he 's get ninety - five white Persian monkey ! ( he 's get the monkey , let 's see the monkey ! ) and to view they , he charge no fee ! ( he 's generous , so generous ) he 's get slave , he 's get servant and flunky ! ( proud to work for he ) they bow to he whim , love serve he they be just lousy with loyalty to Ali ! Prince Ali ! ( aladdin throw gold coin out to the people , who rush over to collect they . abu and the parade march up the step of the palace and inside . the sultan run back inside to the door to the throne room , but jafar stand in front of the door . suddenly , it burst open , with abu lead the way , and crush jafar and iago behind the door . ) genie : Prince Ali ! amorous he ! Ali ababwa Heard you princess be a sight lovely to see ! and that , good people , be why he get dolled up and drop by with sixty elephant , llama galore with he bear and lion a brass band and more with he forty fakir , he cook , he baker his bird that warble on key make way for Prince Ali ! ( more and more fanfare build up until aladdin fly off abu 's back on magic carpet and fly down to the sultan . jafar slam the door shut . ) sultan : ( clap ) splendid , absolutely marvelous . aladdin : ( take on a deeper voice . ) ahem . you majesty , I have journey from afar to seek you daughter 's hand . sultan : Prince Ali ababwa ! of course . I be delighted to meet you . ( he rush over and shake ali 's hand . ) this be my royal vizier , Jafar . he 's delighted too . jafar : ( extremely dryly ) ecstatic . I be afraid , Prince abooboo -- aladdin : -- ababwa ! jafar : whatever . you can not just parade in here uninvite and expect to -- sultan : ...by Allah , this be quite a remarkable device . ( he tug at the tassel , and they tug he moustache . ) I do not suppose I might ... aladdin : why certainly , you majesty . allow I . ( he help the sultan up onto the carpet , and he plop down . jafar pin the carpet down on the floor with the staff . ) jafar : sire , I must advise against this -- sultan : -- oh , button up , Jafar . learn to have a little fun . ( he kick away the staff and carpet and sultan fly away . iago , who be stand on the head of the staff , fall down , repeatedly bop the staff with he beak as he descend . sultan and carpet fly high into the ceiling , then begin a dive - bomb attack , fly under abu , scare he . the flight continue in the background , while jafar and ali talk in the foreground . ) jafar : just where do you say you be from ? aladdin : oh , much farther than you have travel , I be sure . ( he smile . jafar do not . ) jafar : try I . ( iago land on the staff . ) sultan : look out , polly ! ( they all duck in time as the carpet whizze centimetre over they head . carpet return and the sultan chase iago around the room . ) iago : hey , watch it . watch it with the dumb rug ! ( the carpet zoom underneath iago , who sigh , wipe he brow , and crash into a pillar . he crash to the floor , and he head be circle by miniature sultan on carpet , say " have a cracker , have a cracker . the real sultan begin he final approach . ) sultan : out of the way , I be come in to land . Jafar , watch this ! ( he land . ) jafar : spectacular , you highness . sultan : ooh , lovely . yes , I do seem to have a knack for it . ( carpet walk over to abu dizzily , then collapse . abu catch it . ) this be a very impressive youth . and a prince as well . ( whisper to jafar ) if we be lucky , you will not have to marry jasmine after all . jafar : I do not trust he , sire . sultan : nonsense . one thing I pride myself on Jafar , I be a excellent judge of character . iago : oh , excellent judge , yeah , sure ... not !!! ( jasmine walk in quietly . ) sultan : jasmine will like this one ! aladdin : and I be pretty sure I will like princess jasmine ! jafar : you highness , no . I must intercede on jasmine 's behalf . ( jasmine hear this and get mad . ) this boy be no different than the other . what make he think he be worthy of the princess ? aladdin : you majesty , I be Prince Ali ababwa ! ( he prick jafar 's goatee , which spring out in all direction . ) just let she meet I . I will win you daughter ! jasmine : how dare you ! ( they all look at she surprised . ) all of you , stand around decide my future ? I be not a prize to be win ! ( she storm out . ) sultan : oh , dear . do not worry , Prince Ali . just give jasmine time to cool down . ( they exit . ) jafar : I think it 's time to say good bye to Prince abooboo . ( diss to jasmine on she balcony at night . we tilt down and find aladdin and company in the courtyard . ) aladdin : what be I go to do ? jasmine will not even let I talk to she . I should have know I could not pull off this stupid prince wish . ( abu struggle with he elephant paw to open a banana . he squish it , and the banana squirt into he eye . he then toss the banana peel into a heaping pile of the same . ) genie : ( to carpet , play chess ) so move ! ( carpet do , knock a black piece off the board . ) hey . that 's a good move . ( as rodney dangerfield ) I can not believe it -- I be lose to a rug . aladdin : genie , I need help . genie : ( as Jack nicholson ) all right , sparky , here 's the deal . you wanna court the little lady , you gotta be a straight shooter , do ya follow I ? aladdin : what ? genie : ( back to normal , wear a mortarboard . he point out he word on a blackboard ) tell she the ... truth !!! aladdin : no way ! if jasmine find out I be really some crummy street rat , she would laugh at I . ( he put on he turban , which light up as the genie . ) genie : a woman appreciate a man who can make she laugh ! ( aladdin pull the chain turn off the light . genie come out hold the real turban . ) Al , all joke aside , you really oughtta be yourself . aladdin : hey , that 's the last thing I want to be . okay , I be gonna go see she . I gotta be smooth , cool , confident . how do I look ? genie : ( sadly ) like a prince . ( aladdin fly up to the balcony on carpet . jasmine be on she bed , sighing . rajah be by she side . ) aladdin : ( from a distance ) princess jasmine ? ( rajah look up and growl . ) jasmine : who 's there ? aladdin : it 's I -- Prince Ali . ahem --( then he jump to he deep voice ) Prince Ali ababwa . jasmine : I do not want to see you . aladdin : no , no , please princess . give I a chance . ( rajah growl and advance on he . ) jafar : just leave I alone . aladdin : down kitty ! ( over the edge of the balcony , carpet be watch with genie below . ) genie : how 's we beau do ? ( carpet cut he neck with he finger . ) aladdin : good kitty , take off . down kitty . ( he take off he turban to brush rajah away . ) jasmine : ( she look at he think she have see he before . ) wait , wait . do I know you ? aladdin : ( quickly replace he turban ) uh , no , no . jasmine : you remind I of someone I meet in the marketplace . aladdin : the marketplace ? ( a bee buzze around he head . ) I have servant that go to the marketplace for I . why I even have servant who go to the marketplace for my servant , so it could not have be I you meet . jasmine : ( she look disappointed . ) no , I guess not . bee : ( it 's the genie ) enough about you , casanova . talk about she ! she 's smart , fun , the hair , the eye . anything -- pick a feature ! aladdin : um , princess jasmine ? you be very ... bee : wonderful , glorious , magnificent , punctual ! aladdin : punctual ! jasmine : punctual ? bee : sorry . aladdin : beautiful . bee : Nice recovery . jasmine : hmm . I be rich too , you know . aladdin : yeah ! jasmine : the daughter of a sultan aladdin : I know . jasmine : a fine prize for any prince to marry . aladdin : uh , right . right . a prince like I . bee : ( buzz in he ear ) warning ! warning ! jasmine : right , a prince like you . and every other stuff shirt , swagger , peacock I have meet ! bee : ( rear end on fire , wear goggle and crash ) mayday ! mayday ! jasmine : just go jump off a balcony ! ( she turn and walk away ) aladdin : what ? bee : stop she ! stop she ! do you want I to sting she ? aladdin : ( swat at bee ) buzz off ! bee : okay , fine . but remember -- bee yourself ! ( bee buzze into he turban ) aladdin : yeah , right ! jasmine : what !?! aladdin : uh , you be right . you be not just some prize to be win . ( he look disappointed . ) you should be free to make you own choice . ( jasmine and rajah look at each other in confusion . ) I will go now . ( he step up on the ledge and drop off . ) jasmine : no! aladdin : ( poke he head up from over the edge ) what ? what ? jasmine : ( now she 's amaze ) how - - how be you do that ? ( she look over the edge and see the carpet . ) aladdin : it 's a magic carpet . jasmine : it 's lovely . ( carpet take jasmine 's hand with a tassel . ) aladdin : you , uh , you do not want to go for a ride , do you ? we could get out of the palace , see the world . jasmine : be it safe ? aladdin : sure . do you trust I ? jasmine : ( she look at he at the say of that all - important line ) what ? aladdin : ( extends he hand the same as before ) do you trust I ? jasmine : ( get a sly grin on she face ) yes . ( she take he hand and get up on carpet . it zoom into the sky , knock they both into sit position . the music of " a Whole New World " swell . jasmine look back and see rajah look up at she questioningly . she gasp as they fly over the palace wall and into the sky . ) aladdin : I can show you the world shine , shimmer , splendid . tell I princess , now when do you last let you heart decide ? ( carpet zoom down through the town , stop slightly to pick a flower . it give the flower to aladdin , who give it to jasmine . she smile . ) I can open you eye take you wonder by wonder over , sideways , and under on a magic carpet ride ( carpet do as aladdin sing , then zoom into the cloud . ) a whole new world ! a new fantastic point of view no one to tell we no or where to go or say we be only dream ( jasmine look back and watch agrabah disappear from sight . carpet fly in and out of the cloud . ) jasmine : a whole new world a dazzle place I never know but when I be way up here it 's crystal clear that now I be in a whole new world with you ! aladdin : now I be in a whole new world with you ! ( they each catch a small cloud as carpet continue the flight . it then circle a pillar of cloud , give a swirly look to it . ) jasmine : unbelievable sight indescribable feel soaring , tumble , freewheel through a endless diamond sky ( they join a flock of bird in the sky . one of they look terrify and squawk . carpet do somersault and flip , at time put aladdin and jasmine in free -fall , but catch they . they then zoom above the cloud where a starry night await they . ) jasmine : a whole new world ! aladdin : do not you dare close you eye jasmine : a hundred thousand thing to see aladdin : hold you breath -- it get better ! jasmine : I be like a shoot star , I have come so far I can not go back to where I use to be ! ( they zoom down over a river , apparently the Nile , for beyond the ship 's sail be the great pyramid . they wave at a worker sculpting the complete nose of the sphinx . he smile , but chisel too much and break off the front section of the nose . ) aladdin : a whole new world ! jasmine : every turn a surprise aladdin : with new horizon to pursue jasmine : every moment , red-letter ( they fly alongside wild horse run . jasmine pet one of they . ) both : I will chase they anywhere there 's time to spare let I share this whole new world with you a whole new world that 's where we will be ( they fly through Greece , where aladdin grab a apple from a tree and roll it down he arm to jasmine , who be now sure she be deal with aladdin , not prince ali . ) aladdin : a thrill chase jasmine : a wondrous place both : for you and I ! ( carpet hover along over a lake , and we see the reflection of the moon in the lake . firework burst and we see the couple at a chinese New Year celebration , sit on a rooftop . ) jasmine : it 's all so magical . aladdin : yeah . jasmine : ( she look at he and decide to burst the bubble ) it 's a shame Abu have to miss this . aladdin : Nah . he hate firework . ( carpet look up realize what be happen . ) he do not really like fly either . ( and now aladdin realize it ) that be ...oh no ! jasmine : ( she pull off he turban ) you be the boy from the market ! I know it . why do you lie to I ? aladdin : jasmine , I be sorry . jasmine : do you think I be stupid ? aladdin : no ! jasmine : that I would not figure it out ? aladdin : no . I mean , I hope you would not . no , that 's not what I mean . jasmine : who be you ? tell I the truth ! aladdin : the truth ? ( he look at carpet who wave he on , give up hope . ) the truth ... the truth be ... I sometimes dress as a commoner to escape the pressure of palace life . ( carpet slump down in defeat . ) but I really be a prince ! ( the feather on he turban fall down over he eye . ) jasmine : why do not you just tell I ? aladdin : well , you know , um ... royalty go out into the city in disguise , it sound a little strange , do not you think ? jasmine : not that strange . ( she flick up the feather and cuddle with he . carpet put a tassel under he " chin " and look mystify . dissolve to ext . of palace balcony , where aladdin and jasmine return . carpet form a set of step and she descend . aladdin then descend just below the balcony . ) jasmine : good night , my handsome prince . aladdin : sleep well , princess . ( they slowly lean forward to kiss , but carpet bump he up and they kiss sooner than expect . she walk away slowly then turn and look at he . finally she enter she room through the curtain . ) aladdin : yes ! ( he fall back onto the carpet , who descend to the ground . ) for the first time in my life , thing be start to go right . ( he look up at jasmine 's balcony , and four set of hand grab he . ) aladdin : hey ! what ? ( a gag be tie around he mouth . muffled word ) Abu ! Abu ! ( we see the elephant hang from a net tie in a tree . ) guard : hold he ! ( shackle be place on he foot and he hand . another guard tie carpet in a knot around a tree . ) jafar : I be afraid you have wear out you welcome , Prince abooboo . ( walk away . ) make sure he 's never find . ( a guard hit he in the head , and he fall unconscious . cut to a cliff , where guard laugh as aladdin 's body drop into the water . he be conscious now , but he foot be tie to a rock . the rock hit the sea bottom , then the turban land and the lamp tumble out . he see this and struggle to rub the lamp . however , he lose consciousness and fall to the floor . the lamp , unsettle by he movement , roll down and rub against he hand . it shake , and genie emerge with a bath brush , rubber duckie , and shower cap ) genie : never fail . get in the bath and there 's a rub at the lamp . ( squeak the duck ) hello . ( see unconscious aladdin ) Al ? Al ! kid , snap out of it ! you can not cheat on this one ! I can not help you unless you make a wish . you have to say " genie I want you to save my life . " get it ? okay . c'mon aladdin !! ( he grab aladdin by the shoulder and shake he . his head go up , then fall . ) I will take that as a yes . ( head turn into a siren . ) wooga ! wooga ! ( turn into a submarine . ) up scope ! ( he babbles in something that sound like german . on the surface , a giant water spout emerge , and land on top of the cliff . aladdin reawake and cough the water out of he lung . ) do not you scare I like that ! aladdin : genie , I - - uh , I - uh ... ( he can not think of how to say it , so they just hug each other . ) thanks , genie . genie : oh , al. I be gettin ' kind of fond of you , kid . not that I want to pick out curtain or anything . ( cut to jasmine in she room , hum " a Whole New World " and brush she hair . the sultan appear in one of the double door , hypnotize . ) sultan : jasmine ! jasmine : oh , father -- I just have the most wonderful time . I be so happy . sultan : ( still monotone from the hypnosis ) you should be , jasmine . I have choose a husband for you . jasmine : what ? sultan : ( the other door open and reveal jafar . ) you will wed Jafar . ( jasmine gasp at the sight of he . ) jafar : you be speechless , I see . a fine quality in a wife . jasmine : I will never marry you . ( she go to the sultan ) Father , I choose Prince Ali ! jafar : Prince Ali leave ! ( a quick pan find aladdin stand in the doorway to the balcony . ) aladdin : better check you crystal ball again , Jafar ! jasmine : Prince ali! ( jafar gasp at the sight of aladdin . ) iago : how in the he --( back to parrot - ese ) - - uh , awk ! aladdin : tell they the truth , Jafar ! you try to have I kill . jafar : what ? ( he go to the sultan ) ridiculous nonsense , you highness . he be obviously lie . ( he bring the staff close to the sultan 's face . ) sultan : obviously ... lie . ( aladdin see the staff with its glow eye . ) jasmine : Father , what 's wrong with you ? aladdin : I know ! ( aladdin grab the staff and smashes it on the floor . jafar flinch and the spell be break for good . ) sultan : oh , oh , oh my ! aladdin : you highness , Jafar 's be control you with this ! ( he advance the staff ) sultan : what ? Jafar ? you , you traitor ! ( the trio advance on jafar . ) jafar : you majesty , all of this can be explain . sultan : Guards ! Guards ! iago : well , that 's it -- we be dead , forget about it . just dig a grave for both of we . we be dead . ( but jafar see the lamp in aladdin 's pocket . he make a move , but be grab by guard . ) sultan : arrest Jafar at once . jafar : this be not do yet , boy ! ( jafar pull a vial from he pocket . aladdin see this and rush he , but jafar throw the vial to the floor . a large red cloud appear . when it be go , so be jafar . ) sultan : find he , search everywhere ! aladdin : jasmine , be you all right ? jasmine : yes . ( they lean in to kiss , but the sultan barge between they . ) sultan : Jafar , my most trust counselor , plotting against I all this time . just horrible . how will I ever - ( he stop in mid sentence and look at the pair . ) can it be true ? my daughter have finally choose a suitor ? ( she nod ) ha ha ! praise Allah ! you brilliant boy , I could kiss you ! I will not -- I will leave that to my --. you two will be wed at once ! yes , yes . and you will be happy and prosperous , and then my boy , you will be sultan ! aladdin : sultan ? sultan : yes , a fine upstand youth like yourself , a person of you unimpeachable moral character be exactly what this kingdom need ! ( aladdin look concerned at this . ) ( cut to int. of jafar 's chamber . jafar and iago enter . ) iago : we gotta get outta here ! we gotta get -- I gotta start pack , you highness . only essential . ( iago start throw thing out of he cage . jafar smile broadly . ) Travel light ! bring the gun , the weapon , the knife ( stop and take out a picture of himself and jafar ) and how about this picture ? I do not know -- I think I be make a weird face in it . ( jafar start to laugh wildly . ) oh , boy -- he 's go nut . he 's crack . ( iago fly down to he and knock on he head . ) Jafar ? Jafar ? get a grip , Jafar ! ( jafar grab he around the neck ) good grip ! jafar : Prince Ali be nothing more than that rag urchin aladdin . he have the lamp , iago . iago : why that miserable -- jafar : but you be go to relieve he of it ! iago : I ? ( cut to ext . of palace . aladdin be look at the garden . ) aladdin : sultan ? they want I to be sultan ? ( genie come out of lamp ) genie : huzzah ! hail the conquer hero ! ( turn into a one - man band . he see aladdin walk away with he head hang . he stop , scratch he head , come up with a idea , then zoom over to aladdin . he hold up he hand like a director scoping a picture and we look through they . ) aladdin , you have just win the heart of the princess . what be you gonna do next ? ( aladdin look at he , then walk away in sadness to the bed , where he fall on it and sigh . genie again be confuse , then go to he and pull out a script label " aladdin . " whisper : ) psst , you line be " I be go to free the genie . " anytime . aladdin : genie ... I can not . genie : sure you can . you just go " genie , I wish you free . " ( he grab aladdin 's head and use he as a mock ventriloquist 's dummy . aladdin pull away . ) aladdin : I be serious . look , I be sorry -- I really be . but they want to make I sultan -- no ! , they want to make Prince Ali sultan . without you , I be just aladdin . genie : Al , you win ! aladdin : because of you ! the only reason anyone think I be anything be because of you . what if they find out I be not really a prince ? ( quietly ) what if jasmine find out ? I will lose she . genie , I can not keep this up on my own . I can not wish you free . genie : ( sarcastically ) hey , I understand . after all , you have lie to everyone else . hey , I be beginning to feel leave out . now , if you will excuse I , master . ( he say the last word in disgust , then poof back into the lamp . ) ( abu and carpet be watch from the window . ) abu : ohhh . aladdin : genie , I be really sorry . ( a tongue come out of the spout and raspberry he . ) well , fine . ( he slam a pillow on top of the lamp . ) then just stay in there ! ( he look at abu and carpet . ) what be you guy look at ? ( they both leave . ) look , I - - I be sorry . wait , Abu -- wait -- I be sorry , I do not -- wait , c'mon . ( he sigh . ) what be I do ? genie 's right -- I gotta tell jasmine the truth . jasmine : ( from a distance ) Ali , oh ali-- will you come here ? aladdin : ( put on he turban ) well , here go . ( he walk into the garden . ) jasmine ? where be you ? ( we see iago wear a beak and stand on stilt next to a flamingo in the pond . he be imitate jasmine 's voice . ) iago : ahem -- in the menagerie , hurry . aladdin : I be come . ( we see aladdin hurry past , not notice the bird . iago laugh , then turn back and look into the face of a flamingo , who be panting . ) flamingo : D 'uh ! iago : ya get a problem , pinky ? ( he sweep the bird 's foot out from under it . iago run into the palace and find the lamp under the pillow . ) Boy , Jafar 's gonna be happy to see you ! ( stretch he face like jafar 's and imitate it . ) good work , iago ! ( normal ) ah , go on . ( jafar ) no , really - - on a scale of one to ten , you be a eleven ! ( normal ) ah , Jafar - - you be too kind . I be embarrassed , I be blush . ( he fly away with the lamp . ) ( cut to the palace entrance . the sultan be stand on top , make a announcement to the people . ) sultan : people of agrabah , my daughter have finally choose a suitor ! ( cut to behind the curtain , where jasmine be peek . aladdin appear at the bottom of the stair . ) aladdin : jasmine ? jasmine : Ali , where have you be ? aladdin : there 's something I have get to tell you . jasmine : the whole kingdom have turn out for father 's announcement ! aladdin : no ! but jasmine , listen to I , please ! jasmine : good luck ! ( she push he out onto the platform with the sultan , where he overlook the entire crowd . ) sultan : ... Ali ababwa ! aladdin : oh , boy ! ( Far above , iago and jafar watch through a window . ) iago : look at they , cheer that little pipsqueak . jafar : let they cheer . ( he lift the lamp and rub it . genie come out . ) genie : you know Al , I be get ( turn and see jafar ) reallyyyyyy -- I do not think you be he . ( he descend and consult a playbill . ) tonight , the role of Al will be play by a tall , dark and sinister ugly man . jafar : I be you master now . ( he throw genie to the ground and put he foot on genie 's face . ) genie : I be afraid of that . jafar : genie , grant I my first wish . I wish to rule on high , as sultan !!! ( cut to ext where dark cloud circle the castle . the castle shake . the roof rip off and the sultan and aladdin duck . ) aladdin : whoa ! sultan : bless my soul . what be this ? what be go on ? ( his turban lift off he head . when he grab it , he whole body fly up , then be stripped of all he clothing except he boxer short . the clothing reappear on jafar . ) jafar : heh heh heh ! sultan : Jafar , you vile betrayer . iago : that 's sultan vile betrayer to you . aladdin : oh , yeah ? well , we will just see about that ! ( pull off he own turban , but find it empty ) the lamp ! jafar : finder -keeper , abooboo . ( they both look up and see a gigantic genie lift the palace into the cloud .. aladdin whistle and carpet fly up to greet he . they fly up near the genie 's head . ) aladdin : genie ! no! genie : sorry , kid -- I get a new master now . ( he place the palace on top of a mountain . ) sultan : Jafar , I order you to stop ! jafar : there 's a new order now - - my order ! finally , you will bow to I ! ( the sultan bow , but jasmine do not . ) jafar : we will never bow to you ! iago : why be I not surprised ? jafar : if you will not bow before a sultan , then you will cower before a sorcerer ! ( to genie ) genie , my second wish -- I wish to be the most powerful sorcerer in the world ! ( genie extend he finger . aladdin try to stop he , but he cannot , and another genie ( tm ) brand lightning bolt strike jafar , return he to he normal look . ) iago : lady and gentleman , a warm agrabah welcome for sorcerer Jafar ! jafar : now where be we ? ah , yes -- abject humiliation ! ( he zap jasmine and the sultan with he staff , and they both bow to he . rajah come run at he . he zap rajah , and the tiger turn into a kitty - cat . ) down , boy ! oh , princess - - ( lift she chin with he staff ) -- there 's someone I be die to introduce you to . aladdin : ( off-camera ) Jafar ! get you hand off she ! ( jafar zap aladdin . carpet fly away . ) jafar : Prince Ali yes , it be he , but not as you know he . read my lip and come to grip with reality ( jafar bring the two of they closer in the air . ) yes , meet a blast from you past whose lie be too good to last say hello to you precious Prince Ali ! ( jafar zap ali back to aladdin . ) iago : or should we say aladdin ? aladdin : jasmine , I try to tell you . jafar : so Ali turn out to be merely aladdin just a con , need I go on ? take it from I his personality flaw give I adequate cause to send he pack on a one - way trip so he prospect take a terminal dip his asset freeze , the venue choose be the end of the earth , whoopee ! so long , iago : good bye , see ya ! jafar : ex - Prince Ali ! ( jafar have zap abu back to normal . he send the two of they into a tall pillar , then launch it like a rocket , but not before carpet can get in . f2b , then we see a snowy wasteland , where the pillar crash and roll . it finally come to a stop . aladdin emerge , obviously very cold . ) aladdin : Abu ? Abu ! ( he look back at a shiver pile of snow . ) oh , this be all my fault -- I should have freed the genie when I have the chance . ( he dig out abu and cradle he inside he vest . ) Abu ! be you okay ? I be sorry , Abu -- I make a mess of everything , somehow . I gotta go back and set thing right . ( he start to walk through the snow , and he eventuallysteps on a freeze carpet . ) carpet ! ( he look up and see carpet be pin by the pillar . he tug to try and free carpet . he can not do it , so he begin to remove snow from the base of the pillar . ) Abu , start digging ! that 's it ! ( finally , enough snow have be remove , and the pillar begin to roll . aladdin run away , look back , then slide into place . the pillar roll over he , and when it be go , aladdin and abu be leave sit in the patch of snow make by the window of the pillar . ) yeah ! all right ! ( he look up at he turban , make out of scared abu . carpet shake off the snow and rush over to pick they up . ) now , back to agrabah ! let 's go ! ( we cut back to ext . long shot of agrabah , shroud in red cloud . cut to int. and slow zoom of throne room . iago have the sultan tie up like a marionette , and jasmine be chain next to the throne . ) iago : puppet ruler want a cracker ? here 's you cracker . shove them all right down you throat . here , have lot ! ( jafar pull the chain , and jasmine walk up to he hold a apple . ) jafar : leave he alone ! ( iago stop for a second , then continue . ) jafar : it pain I to see you reduce to this , jasmine . ( he take a bite out of the apple she be hold . ) a beautiful desert bloom such as yourself should be on the arm of the most powerful man in the world . ( he wave he finger and a crown appear . ) what do you say , my dear ? why , with you as my queen ... ( she pick up a glass of wine and throw it in he face . ) jasmine : never ! jafar : I will teach you some respect ! ( she fall back as he raise he hand to slap she . then he stop . ) no. genie , I have decide to make my final wish . I wish for princess jasmine to fall desperately in love with I . ( we see aladdin race back into town . ) genie : ( again as Buckley ) ah , master -- there be a few addenda , some quid pro quo - jafar : do not talk back to I , you stupid blue lout ! you will do what I order you to do , slave ! ( jasmine look up and see aladdin in the window , motion she to play along . ) jasmine : ( she stand and put the crown on she head . ) Jafar ! I never realize how incredibly handsome you be . ( the genie 's jaw drop . ) jafar : that 's better . ( he pull the genie 's jaw up like a shade . ) now , pussycat , tell I more about ... myself . jasmine : you be tall , well dress ... ( jafar walk over to she . aladdin jump down with abu and genie see they . ) genie : Al ! Al , little buddy ! aladdin : shh ! genie : ( literally zip he mouth shut , then unzip it . ) Al , I can not help you -- I work for senor psychopath , now . ( his head turn into jafar 's , then back . ) aladdin : hey -- I be a street rat , remember ? ( he rezip genie 's mouth . ) I will improvise . ( he slide down a pile of coin and hide close to jafar and jasmine . jafar 's back be to aladdin . ) jafar : go on . jasmine : and you beard ... be so ... twisted ! ( she have she arm around he . she pretend to twist with she finger , but she be actually motion for aladdin to come over . he make he move . iago see he . ) iago : jaf --mmmmmm ! ( abu grab he and cover he mouth . ) jafar : and the street rat ? jasmine : what street rat ? ( they be about to kiss when iago manage to knock over a bowl . jafar turn to look , but jasmine grab he back and kiss he . aladdin look disgust . iago and abu both look disgust . ) abu : yuck ! jafar : that be --( he see aladdin 's reflection in she crown . ) you !! how many time do I have to kill you , boy ? ( he zap aladdin . jasmine rush he , and he throw she to the ground . aladdin rush and grab the staff . ) aladdin : get the lamp ! ( jasmine run to it . jafar , however , shake off aladdin , then zap she into a hourglass . ) jafar : ah , ah , ah , princess -- you time be up ! ( Sand begin to fall from the top onto she . ) aladdin : jasmine ! iago : oh , nice shot , jaf -- ( he be knock out by abu . ) ( abu rush for the lamp . ) jafar : do not toy with I ! ( he 's zap into a toy monkey . aladdin : Abu ! ( carpet rush in . ) jafar : thing be unravel fast , now boy . ( carpet be zap and unravel . aladdin again rush for the lamp . ) get the point ? ( his path be block by large sword stick in the floor . jafar grab the lamp and laugh hideously . aladdin pull a sword out of the floor . ) I be just get warm up ! ( he breathes a ring of fire around aladdin . ) aladdin : be you afraid to fight I yourself , you cowardly snake ? jafar : a snake , be I ? perhaps you would like to see how snake - like I can be ! ( he smile broadly , and we see a snake 's tongue come out from behind he tooth . he then turn into a giant cobra , and the ring of fire around aladdin become part of the snake encircle aladdin . the snake jafar make move on aladdin , and on the third try , aladdin swing the sword and hit jafar . cut to genie cheerleader wear ' a ' sweater . ) genie : rickem , rockem , rackem , rake --stick that sword into that snake ! jafar : you stay out of thissss ! ( genie wave a tiny pennant with a ' J ' on it . ) genie : ( weakly ) Jafar , Jafar , he 's we man - - if he can not do it , great ! ( aladdin use the distraction to make a break for the hourglass where jasmine be trap . however , jafar see this and block the path . aladdin be throw away , and he lose he sword . ) jasmine : aladdin ! ( aladdin jump on a large gem and slide across the floor , grab the sword on he way . he turn a corner , but the pursue snake cannot , and the front half of jafar crash through a wall and hang outside the palace . aladdin jump up on the snake 's back and stab it . jafar scream in agony . aladdin again try to free the princess . ) aladdin : hang on , jasmine ! ( he be about to hit the glass with he sword when jafar grab he . ) jafar : ( laugh hideously ) you little fool ! you think you could defeat the most powerful be on earth ! iago : ( with genie come up behind he ) squeeze he , Jafar -- squeeze he like a-- awk ! ( genie elbow he out of the way ) jafar : without the genie , boy , you be nothing ! aladdin : ( have a idea ) the genie ! the genie ! the genie have more power than you will ever have ! jafar : what !! aladdin : he give you you power , he can take it away ! genie : Al , what be you do ? why be you bring I into this ? aladdin : face it , Jafar - - you be still just second best ! jafar : you be right ! his power do exceed my own ! but not for long ! ( jafar circle around the genie . ) genie : the boy be crazy . he 's a little punch drunk . one too many hit with the snake ( his hand turn into a snake and he hit he head with it . ) jafar : slave , I make my third wish ! I wish to be a all powerful genie ! genie : ( reluctantly ) all right , you wish be my command . Way to go , Al . ( genie zap jafar with the last genie ( tm ) brand lightning bolt . jafar 's snake form dissipate and he turn into a genie . we see jasmine 's raise hand disappear under the sand . aladdin run over and finally smashes the glass . Sand and princess pour out . ) jafar : yes ! yes ! the power ! the absolute power ! jasmine : ( to aladdin ) what have you do ? aladdin : trust I ! ( a black lamp appear at jafar 's base . jafar be busy conjure . ) jafar : the universe be mine to command , to control ! aladdin : not so fast , Jafar ! be not you forget something ? ( jafar look down questioningly ) you want to be a genie , you get it ! and everything that go with it ! ( shackle appear on jafar 's wrist . ) jafar : no! no! iago : I be gettin ' out of here ! come on , you be the genie , I do not want -- ( iago try to fly away , but be suck in with jafar . ) aladdin : phenomenal cosmic power ! itty bitty live space . genie : Al , you little genius , you ! ( abu turn back to normal , the carpet re-ravel , jasmine , the sultan and rajah be stand together . rajah jump up into the arm of the sultan , then they be all transformed . the sultan be crush because of the weight of the new rajah . the palace reappear where it use to be in the city . aladdin be leave hold the new lamp . ) jafar : ( both from inside the lamp . ) get you blast beak out of my face ! iago : oh , shut up , you moron ! jafar : do not tell I to shut up ! genie : allow I . ( he take the lamp and go to the balcony . he be now wear a baseball cap . he wind up as if to throw the lamp , but open he palm flat and flick it out into the desert with he finger . ) ten - thousand year in a cave of wonder ought to chill he out ! ( jafar and iago continue to argue as they fade out . jasmine walk over to aladdin . they hold hand , but both look sad . ) aladdin : jasmine , I be sorry I lie to you about be a prince . jasmine : I know why you do . aladdin : well , I guess ... this ... be goodbye ? ( genie poke he head around the corner shocked at what he be hearing . ) jasmine : oh , that stupid law . this be not fair -- I love you . genie : ( wipe away a tear ) Al , no problem . you have still get one wish leave . just say the word and you be a prince again . aladdin : but genie , what about you freedom ? genie : hey , it 's only a eternity of servitude . this be love . ( he lean down next to she . ) Al , you be not gonna find another girl like she in a million year . believe I , I know . I have look . aladdin : jasmine , I do love you , but I have get to stop pretend to be something I be not . jasmine : I understand . ( they take one final look into each other 's eye , then aladdin turn to the genie . ) aladdin : genie , I wish for you freedom . genie : one bona fide prince pedigree come up . i- - what ? aladdin : ( he hold the lamp up to genie . ) genie , you be free ! ( a transformation scene ensue , in which the shackle fall off genie 's wrist and the lamp fall uselessly to the ground . genie pick it up and look at it . ) genie : ( he can not believe it . ) heh , heh ! I be free . I be free . ( he hand the lamp to aladdin . ) Quick , quick , wish for something outrageous . say " I want the Nile . " wish for the Nile . try that ! aladdin : I wish for the Nile . genie : no way !! ( laugh hysterically . he bounce around the balcony like a pinball . ) oh do that feel good ! I be free ! I be free at last ! I be hittin ' the road . I be off to see the world ! I - - ( he be pack a suitcase , but look down and see aladdin look very sad . ) aladdin : genie , I be -- I be gonna miss you . genie : I too , Al . no matter what anybody say , you will always be a prince to I . ( they hug . the sultan step forward . ) sultan : that 's right . you have certainly prove you worth as far as I be concerned . it 's that law that 's the problem . jasmine : Father ? sultan : well , be I sultan or be I sultan ? from this day forth , the princess shall marry whomever she deem worthy . jasmine : ( she smile widely and run into aladdin 's arm . ) him ! I choose ... I choose you , aladdin . aladdin : ha , ha . call I Al . ( they be about to kiss when giant blue hand pull everybody together . genie be deck out in a Hawaiian shirt with golf club and a goofy hat . ) genie : oh , all of ya . come over here . Big group hug ! mind if I kiss the monkey ? ( he kiss abu . ) ooh , hairball ! well , I can not do any more damage around this popsicle stand . I be outta here ! bye , bye , you two crazy lovebird . hey , rugman : ciao ! I be history ! no , I be mythology ! no , I do not care what I be -- I be free ! ( the genie fly up into the blue sky leave a trail of sparkles behind he . they cut ( a jump cut to make matter worse ) to firework explode over a nightscape . we tilt down and see aladdin and jasmine fly on carpet . ) aladdin : a whole new world jasmine : a whole new life both : ( with off - camera chorus ) for you and I ! men' chorus : a whole new world ! ( they fly off into the moonlight , and after they have disappear , the moon turn and reveal the genie 's laugh face . suddenly the film be grab " off the projector " , the genie lift it up and look at the audience . ) genie : make ya look ! ( drop the film back to normal , with the normal moon . fade to black . the end . )