over black alfie 's voicc you be quite lucky , you know ... int . studio apartment - late afternoon camera explore the room ... modest , messy anc male . just the pasic . no photo of family or friend . only telltale sign of a single , untidy man live alone . a ad , tear from 4 wagazine , picture a classic Morgan sport car be tape to the refrigerator with nant it scrawle in black marker , a stack of book - french for fun , dress for success for less - a guide to New York 's designer Discount Warehouse . a clock on the night - stand tell we it 's half past two . alfie 's S voice -- I rarely allow anyone into my flat . track in on - alfie sleep , with a wry smile on he face . a beat , then ... one eye pop OPEN and alfie glance consfiratorially at camera . this be gomethe he will do throughout we story ... speak in intimate aside to the audience , as though he 's talk to a friend . other character within the scene will be oblivious . alfie ( to camera ) I know ... humble dig , not exactly what you would call a ' panty peeler 's ... he pull himself out of bed , wear only stripe silk pajama bottom , drop to the floor . alfie ( cont would ) know what I mean ? with that , he begin a quick series of crunch . alfie be a englishman in he early thirty with tousied good - look and a healthy dose , of cockiness . he live in perpetual motion and have the youthful air of a guy who 's manage to escape the normal adult resoonsibility and emotion . . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( to camera , while do crunch ) -- but it work for I . tc be honest , I rarely spend a night in my own bed anyway ... another five or six crunch . alfie { cont 'd ) there we go , ten crunch be all I need . try not to hate I for it . alfie continue talk tc camera as he hoos up and gather a handful of vitamin from various bottle and pour some water . alfie ( cont 'd ) now with woman , generally speak , if a guy 's a good provider and a nice chap , six - pack abs be not really a deal - breaker . in fact , if he 's in the right tax bracket , a bloke can be bald , wear a truss , have seizure - and 's still get shag . alfie swallow a mouthful of vitamin with water , then grab a pack of dunhill . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( confidentially ) on the flip-side , even though the politically - correct bloke sit next to you will deny it - for we man , when it come to woman , it 's all about the f.b.b. - face , boob , bottom . JI mean , sure , we have like a cool gig toss in for good measure , like say ... multi-millionaire hotel chain heiress . but above . all else - ' look rule 's . he light he cigarette and give camera a sly shrug . alfie ( cont 'd ) just be honest . int . tiny bathroom alfie turn on the shower , cigarette dangle from he lip , unty he drawstrings , look up , remember the camera . alfie ( cont would ) give we a bit of privacy now . ( a beat ) no , really , turn away . he shoc US away , then slip out of he pajama bottom and into the shower , pull the shower doar close behind he . alfie ( cont 'd ) all right , you can look back . hang on , if11 be quick . through opaque glass , we watch alfie lather up . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( shouting over the shower I know you be expect the open credit now but we will save you the thrill of know the Key grip 's name ' till the end of the flick . he peek he soapy head out , look about tifteen ... alfie ( cont 'd . so , while I lather up , why do not you settle in with the popcorn you overpaid for and we can begin . alfie duck back into the shower and begin sing a garble , almost unrecognizable version of I gotta be me. a closet door slide OPEN alfie ( 0.s. } it 's be say that clothes speak the international language ... revealing alfie 's small but fastidiously organize and supremely fashionable wardrobe . alfie sort through the choice , while glance over he shoulder at camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) and I admit I ama bit of a fashion whore . but , I believe , to he satorically - correct , a man require only a few well - choose basic . 2 % series of rapid - FIRE cut alfie , pose as if for a gq layout , wear a quick succession of stylish wardrobe combc . he model this outfit in a slightly rumple , hair tousle sort of way , give the impression of never try too hard . back to scene he select a pin-stripe suit from the closet . alfie unfortunately , today tome off to work so we have get to tone it down a bit . ( hold up suit ) gueci - end of summer sale . very understate . : ( take out a very pink shirt ) but I can easily spice it up . when you ooze masculinity , as some of we do , you have no reason to fear pink . he hold up the shirt and suit together . alfie ( cont 'd ) smash . a little smile as he pick up a bottle of acqua Di gio cologne . alfie ( cont 'd ) now , most man overdo it in the cologne department . Americans practically spray it on with a crop duster . ( dab he wrist } my rule : nothing above the neck . alfie then splashes a bit on he finger and drop he hand below frame . alfie ( cont 'd ) though I do believe in a quick aplash on the old eiffel Tower . ( wink ) never know where the day might take you . int , apartment - front door -. minute later brlfie , dress smartly in he suit and a carefully choose tie , adtust he cuff -link and start to exit , finger , remember something . alfie almost forget -- he cross to the dresser and tear a page off a word for the day calendar . alfie ( cont would ) New word for the day : oread calendar ) os-ten-ta-tious . '' the attempt to attract attention to one 's self . '' he look in the mirror . alfie ( cont 'd ) who ? I ? . int , hallway alfie step out , lock he apartment door , turn to camera : alfie oh , blimey , I be rude , I forget to introduce myself . I be - ~ a woman 's voice -- alfie ! . freeze frame . over : alfie 's S voice there you go . action resume and alfie turn to camera with a big grin . alfie alfie . he turn to see lu schnitman , a overweight woman in she sixty with pendulous breast and a coquettish grin . mrs . schnitman be you the little elf who leave that mocha bon-hon on my doorstep ? alfie glance at camera , shrug . alfie {to camera ) they be pass out free sample in the Village . ( to mrs . scenttman ) perhaps you have a secret admirer , Mrs. schnitman . mrs . schnitman what do T have to do to get you to call I lu? {then} . alfie , you be a doll , but I be suppose to be on a diet . alfie you ? a diet ? he cross the she and lean in with a husky whisper . alfie ( cont 'd ) tf do not mean to be forward , lu , but do not you know a full - figure gal like yourself be every man 's secret fantasy ? as Mrs. schnitman melt , alfie look up to camera : alfie ( cont 'd ) all right , she 's a tub of lard , buz the ship 's already sail , so why not let she feel good about herself ? know what I mean ? he start out , turn back to Mrs. schnitman . alfie ( cont 'd ) oh , lu , do not feel you have to , but the key 's under the mat if you 's be up for a bit of you fabulous dust - busting . the look on she face tell we she can not wait to grab that dirt Devil ... and with that , music begins : sting sing , englishman in New York . ext . soho STREET - day ( music over } alfie expertly weave through the gridiock on he mint - condition , vintage vespa , all the while speak to camera . alfie smile at every sexy woman he pass . most smile back . alfie I migrate to the States a few year back ' cause I have a mate who know a bloke who cross the pond , snag a job and in less than two year wound up own the joint . a stunner give he the once-over . alfie ( cont would ) but , more importantly , I always hear the most beautiful woman in the world reside in Manhattan . and when it come to shagging bird , it 's all about location , location , location . ( gesture to passing women ) and just look around - every one unique and special , like snowflake . ( breathes in the city ) God , I love this city . and , I mean , with such a piethora - calendar word - meaning abundance of gorgeousness and diversity ... alfie pull into the red zone in front of a outdoor caff , where a curvy Hispanic meter maid be write up a ticket . alfie ( cont 'd ) ~~ how could I ever choose to settle down with just one ? the meter maid look up at alfie , then at the red zone , then give he a scolding look . alfie approach , all charm . alfie ( cont 'd ) desperately need a spot of tea , lindy . do we a favor . meter maid ( flirtatiously } as long as you return it . again . alfie as long as you wear the uniform , again . alfie offer lindy he patent killer smile , pat she butt and cruise toward a cafe table . lindy watch he for a moment , slap a ticket on someone 's car . he 's make she day . alfie - seated at the cafe ( music continue ) he sip a cup of tea , while observe a parade of scurrying suit and shopper laden with designer store bag . alfie ( cont would ) ( to camera } I watch this parade of ccnspicuous consumption and upward mobility and think to myself , America ~ take a tea break . ( he cell phone ring , check caller id ) Annie ? incredible ! I be just think about you . ( whisper , inta phone } I be with a client at the moment , love , ring you later ? kiss - kiss . nclick off , back to camera ) I myseif subscribe more to the european philosophy , my priority lean toward wine , woman and -- ocock he head , smiles} -- well , actually that 's it , wire and woman . ( then ) although woman and woman be always a fun ception . ( finish tea ) so. ( rise ) to live life to the fullest -- he glance around , casually slide the tray of remain tea bag into he coat pocket and start off , .. alfie ( cont 'd ) -- I require only enough to cover my modest expense .' ( turn back ) I have get no desire to he the richest stiff in the cemetery . ext . cemetery — evenin guiet . eerie . shadows on tombstone . camera glide over the graveyard toward a limo park on a road above . closer . closer . right up to : the limo 's window a beat . then , a hair-raise scream . and a woman 's face bolt into frame . she continue shrieking as she move up and down , in the heat of passion ... int . limo - same time a the woman be dorie , a suburban housewife in she late thirty . she 's in the throes of intense love make ... she skirt pull up around she waist , bra unhock , blouse open . she 's straddle alfie and as she moan of pleasure grow louder , alfie give a lcok to camera . alfie {softly , to camera } I think this just might be my favorite position . I know it be President Kennedy 's . he be such a great leader . of course , JFK use the old ' bad back 's excuse , but , if you ask I , the prez know it give you maximum pleasure with minimum exertion . dorie reach a climax during above and now collapse into alfie 's arm ... dorie mmmm ... what be it about the back of a limo ? alfie kiss she neck , while continuing to camera , alfie she 's right , you know . if you have not try it limo -style , I give it my high recommendation . of coursé , you usually do not get the full undress -- dorie bury she head in he neck ... alfie ( cont 'd ) ( to camera} -~ but that can be a add bonus . I mean , once you have see a bird in the buff , it 's like unwrap the sare birthday gift again and again . know what I mean ? dorie ( purring ) what would I do without my weekly alfie fix ? they xiss , he caress she , speak to camera . 10 . alfie obligatory cuddle ... thousand cone ... thousand two ... thousand -- alfie glance at he watch , tap it a couple of time to get it go , then bolt up , pretend to suddenly realize the hour . alfie ( cont 'd ) cripe , I have gotta get crack , love ... ifve a ten o'clock pick -up . dorie sit up , stretch , pull up she lacy red bra . dorte oh , better hurry , you do not want to keep she wait . alfie help dorie tasten she bra , while he talk to camera : alfie luckily , this one 's only a wee bit possessive ... he kiss dorie 's hand , then ease it to camera , show we a wedding ring . alfie ( cont 'd ) -- married , you see . I love marry . no property rights . alfie watch with appreciation as dorie stretch out she long shapely leg , adjust she garter belt . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( to camera ) quite the number , be not she ? yet , she tell I she old man have not shag she in six month . thank God there be gent like I ' round to pick up the slack , ( to dorze ) you deserve to be appreciate ... ( back to camera ) -— while she 's in she prime . {to dorie , caress she leg , pat she tush ) Men , leg like a racehorse ... the perfect yoga butt ... {back to camera ) -- I give it my high grace - a minus . 11 . he reach down , put on a chauffeur 's hat and adjust it '' thsl so '' , int . limo - traveling ~ night alfie drive while dorie sit in the backseat , freshen she make - up and punch the radio button , look for a seng she like . alfie where do we tell the old man we be go tonight ? dortie ( punch station ) Movie ... alfie treasure , please quit mess about , you will ruin my pre-set . ( then ) what movie ? dorie settles on a slow - jeam . dorie it do not know . what 's the ditference ? alfie the difference be , the more detail you give , the less interested you hubby will be . if you want to stop someone from be suspicious , tell ‘em more than they want to hear . when lie , never be vague . dorie it do not matter what I say . it would never occur to phil that anotaer man would look twice at I , alfiz dor , darling , if you be fishing for a compliment , you should know by row they only come when least expect . ( offer a tin} now , have a altoid so phil do not smell the alfie on you breath . dorie : I do not care if he do . 12 . alfie sigh , look to camera . alfie if there 's one thing that put I off marriage , it 's marry woman . dorie pop the altoid in she mouth and chase it with a swig of vodka . she check to make sure alfie 's not lcoke , then migchievously slip she lacy red thong inte the pocket of he jacket , which be neatly fold over the front seat . she wrap she arm around alfie , nibble on he ear , as he drive and talk to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) what dorie do not know be - we will not be see much more of she . yeah , ifve get that all - too familiar feel that , before long , she x11 be want @ bit more than I be able to give . dorie would not it be great if I be go home with you tonight instead of phil the pill ? alfie give a know side - long glance to camera . as they pull up to a red light , doric grab alfie by he tie , pull he close . dorie ( cont 'd ) ( pouty ) baby , I be not ready to let you go -- alfie ( be : he tie} careful , darling , Ralph lauren - purple label - ~ before he can finish , dorie yank alfie down by he favorite tie . dorie it 's he ! alfie drop onto the front seat , while dorie flatten herself in the back , alfie him who ?! 13 . alfie ard dorie be now both lying flat in they respective seat , whispering to on another . dorie my huskand just pull up next to we ! alfie what the bloody hell be I ducking for - he do not know I ! ( then ) besides , one - way window . dorie ch , right . sorry . alfie nonchalantly sit up , straighten he tie . he casually lower he window and glance over at phil , a harry , 35 - go - on - 60 , bald exec sit in the back of a taxi , talk on he cell . alfie give he a littie salute . phil , a bit confuse , return the gesture . freeze frame . cver : alfie 's S voice yep , it 's definitely time to stage a disappear act . ext . hudson river - waterway ferry — twenty minute later alfie and dorie stand in the shadow . alfie take she face in both hand and kiss she . corie do not realize this be they final good - bye ... dorie next Tuesday ? same time ? same place ? . alfie feign disappointment . alfie sorry , love , that 's fashion week ... I be book double shift . ( peck on the cheek ) I will ring you the instant thing let up . dorie I 'il be do my kegel exercise . ( kiss he ) in the meantime , T leave you a little souvenir to. remember I by ... 14 . alfie look at she quizzically but before he can respond , she 's start up the stair to the ferry . alfie oh , dor ... ( she turn > dack ) you derriere look rather ravish from this vantage point , dorie why , thank you , kind sir . alfie {a grin ) see . a compliment . when you least expect it . she smile down at alfie and kounce up the stair . alfie watch dorie approach phil , who 's wear a trench coat and carry a over-stutfe briefcase . phil give she a quick peck on the cheek and move off , head for the ferry , leave she five step behind . dorie look down at alfie , shrug and smile . alfie blow she a kiss , turn to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) what can I tell you - happy as a pup with two tail . and I reckon I have do old phil a good turn = but of course , he have be the last to see it . ( sigh , reflective ) never expect any thanks in this life , you know what I mean ? alfie check he watch , start back toward he limo . alfie ( cont 'd ) so. Tuesday , 10:03 pm , do I drag meself home to a cold flat and empty fridge ? ( check himseif in side - mirror } or , nip cross town to a warm body , hot bath and breakfast in bec ? {mock -mulling} decision , decision . 15 . ext . / int . julie 's apartment - night a through the window , we see julie , 26 , a winsome work girl , with a ever- so- slight weight issue . her apartment be small and warm , homey on a budget ... at the moment , she 's peer expectantly out the window , wait for somebody . alyfie 's voice yeah , think I will pay a visit to my semi~regular , quasi-sort - of ... int , julie' apartment — continuous Julie turn from the window to stir a big pot of chili on the stove . freeze frame . alfie 's voice ~- my sweet Julie ... action resjme and there 's a knock on the door . Julie fluff she hair , hit a spritz of perfume between she breast , pick up a stereo clicker and press '' play '' , fill the room with teddy pendergrass . jolie forget you key again , alfie ? she open the door , the eagerness leave she face when she '' discover terry , a cute , slightly awkward young guy . in he hand , he cup a perfect pear . julie ( cont would ) ( amused , but ... ) Terry - you need to stop . she lower the CD player with the remote . terry 1 know , the drop - by thing be totally uncool , but I see this pear and think it have be perfect fer you . she look at he , baffle . he grin . she 's grin . he 's cute , . terry ( cont 'd ) remember , date three , I make baked ziti and we rent ' godfather ii 's ? and young Don corleone bring he wife a pear wrap in brown paper , ' cause it 's all he could afford -- 16 . julie -- and she say , ' what a nice pear ... * terry -- and you think that be really romantic . now every time I sse a pear , I ... you know , think of you . and you may not realize this , but there be thousand of pear in this city . julie ( laugh , try to move off the subject ) ' lerry , by any chance , have there be @ little drink go on this evening ? terry no. no . twe brews . ( beat ) and a shot of tequila . {beat ) maybe another beer . the thing be ... and ancther tequila . or two . ( then ) the thing be I have the best four and -a-half date of my life with you ... julie ( gently ) Terry ... when I break it off , the half - a- date night , it be because I suddenly realize it be 2 mistake try to see anyone else . I be really sorry if I hurt -~~- her robe fall open slightly . julie ( cont 'd ) -- you . Terry gulp , look away , torture ... as Julie quickly tie it back . he 's crazy for she , terry ( half to himself ) that kind of thing really do not help ... julie look , I know my ' situation 's do not appear to be perfect on the surface but ... she shrug . terry and where 's the lucky baslard tonight ? julie he have a double shift . ( cff Terry 's doubting look ) Terry , do not start ... terry I just do not want to see you treat like some kind of a -- julie {finish the sentence ) -- a ...? terry ( shrug ) -- booty call . jolie bye , Terry . terry okay , okay ... I be sorry . I be outta here . ( linger ) how 's Max ? julie great . he 's great . terry that 's great . awkward moment . terry ( cont 'd ) so ... Julie tax the pear from he . julie thanks for the nice pear . 17 . 18 . they smile . she kiss he on the cheek . he turn and they lip accidently meet . she ease away and shake she head , give he a little smile . he step forward but she push he playfully out the door . when she close the door , she smile fade ... and she stand there unsettle ... ind . statrwell - julie 's apartment - moment later ‘erry trudge down the stair , as the front door open and alfie enter carry the bottle of stoli from the simo and take the stair two - at - a-time . as they pass , Terry steal a glance at alfie , who either ignore he or do not know he exist . culie 's front door a key in the lock and alfie let himself in . he see Julie stir the chili . alfie I have a alibi , you honor . julie let I guess , unexpected late night fare ? alfie move into the kitchen , slip he arm around she waist . julie ( cont 'd ) what be it this time — blonde , brunette ox jet black goth chick ? alfie kiss she neck , sneak a glance at camera , alfie when trap , it 's sometimes best to admit the truth - they 's 11l never believe it . {to jolie ) I have a very demand last minute ride - spoiled Long Island housewife , sulie you have she ? be I suppose to read anything into that choice of word ? 19 . alfie ( to camera ) make that : they 's i1 usually never believe it . julie and where , exactly , do you take someone 's wife at this hour ? alfie where do not I take she , she have I go up and down for hour . he pull she close . julie be that suppose to be funny -- ( be ran he finger across ker upper lip ) -- ' cause it 's so very -- okiss she gently ) -- not. ( kiss she again ) you be a conceit ... ( kiss she ) -- lie ... ( kiss she ) -- irresponsible ... {and again ) . -- English asshole . {and again ) do not kiss I again . but instead , she kiss he , alfie hoist she up , trot across the room and they fall on to the sofa . he nuzzle she , bury he face in she hair . julie ( cont 'd ) I be not kid , alfie , I hate you sometimes . he kiss she again ... they body come together . a long , sexy kiss , she 's totally go now . Julie unbuckle he belt ... alfie you have a unique way of show it . she start pull he pants down . alfie ease away . 20 . alfie ( cont 'd ) darling , can we ... sorry ... can we -- ( she will not let he ga ) -- hit ' pause 's ? I just need a second to unwind ... he rise , pull up he pants , try to distract she with : alfie ( cont 'd ) I have knicked ae half bottle of stoli from the limo . ( start toward kitchen } how do you want yours , love - rock ? Julie grab he , pull he back down ... julie I just want my usual , alfie - straight up . she kiss he , go for the be]t buckle again ... he ease away . again . head for the kitchen area , walk backwards , feign exhaustion . alfie ifm totally knacker , baby . i’21 make it up to you in the morning . Cross my heart . he pick up Terry 's '' perfect '' pear . alfie ( cont 'd ) but tonight ... before Julie can speak , alfie take a big bite cut of Terry 's pear . Julie gasp , look at he , annoyed . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( chewing} -- all I be good for be a quick bite , hot bath and a Long night 's kip . he open the fridge , drop a couple of ice cube into a glass and pour himself a stitf one . he wipe he hand along he side and feel something in he jacket pocket . jolie ( from sofa } you know , this be not a hotel , alfie . 21 , alfie pull dorie 's lacy red thong from he jacket pocket and look at it , momentarily confuse . as Julie enter , alfie quickly stuff the thong back in he pocket , turn to she with a big smile . alfie sey again ? julie why aré you so ' totally knacker ’? I mean , where be you tonight ... really ? as alfie lean over to sample the chili with a wooden spoon , he deftly drop dorie 's lacy red thong in the trash bin and bury it with he foot . alfie I think we be not ask that question in this relationship . Julie , get emotional , max the appropriate '' cuote '' mark as she speak . . julie it be always you who want to have a ' understanding 's , you word . well , I think it 's time for ( a ' new understanding 's , my word . alfie ( be : chili ) you really must open a restaurart , Jules . this be seriously brilliant . julie ( oh , please ) alfie , it 's just chili . {then ) look at I . {he does} I can not keep do this . I be serious . I need to know if we have | a future or if . , . I be just some kind of glorify ' booty call 's ? alfie pull she close , looking over she sheculder at camera . alfie be she not adorable ? Problem be she do not have enough of the superficial thing that really matrer . {more } 22 . alfie ( cont would ) she 's cute , absolutely - but not drop-dead . I know , sound shallow but I tell you how we man be - we want ' show -stopper 's , that 's all it be . I mean , even mangy old quasimodo , the hunchback , think he deserve a babe . {to Julie ) I do not deserve you . julie that 's probably true but , unfortunately for I ... I love you , alfie . alfie stand uncomfortably , then turn to get more ice ... alfie thanks , baby . julie ( on verge of tear ) Jesus , alfie ! after eight month , I say ' I love you 's ' and thanks be the best you can do ?! ( slam freezer door ) alfie ( anxiously , to camera ) oh dear ... ( gently , to julie ) all right , sshhh ... c’mon now ... we do not want to wake -- little voice ( 0.s. ) -~ Max ! alfie and Julie turn to see max , a sweet little two~and - a~ half - year - old boy stand in the doorway , wear mismatch pi 's . alfie offer a quick sigh of relief to camera . alfie hey little man , we wake you ? Max nod , extend he arm . alfie cross to he , speak to camera along the way . alfie ( cont 'd ) lad , learn from my . mistake , never get involved with a single mum . alfie lift Max , who wrap he arm around alfie 's neck . alfie make a face , crack Max up . 23 . camera follows they inlo max 's room , a tiny alcove off the main room , alfie lay Max on hig little bed , while talking to camera . . alfie ( cont 'd ) see , they come with accessory , some of which can be ... quite irresistible . alfie puil Max 's sheet ovez he head , slip on he shade and in a instant , be transformed into a cool version of '' the invisible man '' . Max crack up . alfie turn to camera , with a shrug . alfie ( cont have ) yeah ... this little nipper make off with my heart . ( rumple Max 's hair , to max ) hey , pookie ... {to camera ) and there 's absolutely nothing worse than realize you care about someone ... ( pull up cover , tucking Max in } I know that sound a bit frosty , but the truth be , sooner or later , oné way or another -- he watch Max 's eye flutter and close . alfie ( cont have ) -- it 's gonna find 'a way to knock you sideways ... yeah , I be mad for this little character ... alfie see Julie stand in the doorway . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( sigh , to camera ) -- it 's Jules that 's the problen . he cross to she , speak to camera on the way . alfie ( cont 'd ) can not very well tell she that and break she heart , now , can I ? they speak in the hallway , in hushed tone . 24 , jolie ( softly ) be this it ? be this all it will ever be ? alfie 1 know ... you be right , he deserve a proper ' dad 's ... not some limo driver who 's poor as a shit-house rat . jolie jus= say it , alfie , we be not enough for you . alfie choose he word carefully . alfie it 's difficult , Jules ... I care so much for you both , but I be still , I do not know ... a bit of a kid myself , you know . jolie ( know he 's right ) and one kid can not raise another ... max igroggy , eye close ) poem , alfie . alfie , grateful for the distraction , cross anda sit on the cdge of Max 's bed . alfie rere 's one my dear step - mum use to tell I ... ( softly , with a ' work - class 's accent ) now ... there be a old hooker from Brighton , who do so many johns it be frightenin 's ... Julie can not help herself and smile bitter-sweetly ... ext . low rent new york STREET - following day close on a old hooker , unsuccessfully work a street corner ... 25 . alpie 'o voice I feel sorry for the poor old love ... her racing day be long go . new angle - revealing alfie Zipping through traffic on he vespa , talxing to camera . alfie yep , sight like that make you realize it 's important to know you own expiration date . he round a corner and pull up in front of a drab building : elegant timgusine service . a smaller , hand - print sign read : for sale ry owner . alfie ( cont would ) we shelf life be limited , so it 's best to strike while you be in you prime . - alfie park near the front step , indicate sign . alfie ( cont 'd ) the standard for ' elegance 's nave take quite a pound , would not you say ? ( as he dismount , lock up} still , this be where = make my reasonably honest live . heavy accent on the ' reasonably 's . 1t 's a mere step stone . he gesture to a good- look Black guy in he twenty , marlon , sit on the step , morosely sip a Starbucks coffee . alfie ( cont 'd} and currently sit on one of that step stone , be my pest mate and future business partner -- '' ogreet marlon} ' marlon . marlon nod . alfie sit next to he on the step . they sit there in silence for a long moment . marlon stare into he steaming cup of coffee . 26 , | marlon Black . like lonette 's skin . which I will never again touch . alfie look to camera . alfie I be afraid you be not meeting my homeboy in top form . see , marlon 's get a problem ... CUT to : | int . the lucky bar - night a noisy , pack , downtown club with a cool , diverse clientele . camera follows a mini - skirted waitress , with a '' killer bod , swiveling through the crowd . she 's carry a tray of drink which she deliver to a table of young guy , j who all look up and all do double - take . alfie ' S voice | it 's call lonette . | | | reverse angle - lonette a beauty . lean over to set down the drink , she flash a blind smile and we freeze frame . alfie 's S voice ( cont 'd ) | and , very recently , it dumped he . CUT back to : ext . elegant limo - alfie and marlon - continuous alfie and marlon sit on the step . alfie oh , dear . what be it this time ? marlon Three a.m. desperation call . alfie how do you live with yourself ? marlon I hang up before she answer . she do not know it be I , 27 . alfie but you know it be you . ( shake he head ) and I use to think you be coo -... they both rise and start down the parking ramp . alfie attemot to fluff marlon 's normally cool afro which be dent on one side . marion slap he hard away . marlon I will get she back . ( force a grin ) I be still a radiating hoochie magnet . alfie 's not sell . int . elegant limo service - minute later camera be close on a short , skinny chinese man with a loud , yo abrasive voice . : chinese man alfie , why no stoli in car seventeen ?! alfie 's voick . the little wanker 's name be wing - my boss and owner of this tragic operation . angle back as wing approach alfie and marlon who be wiping cown two already gleam black town Cars . elegant limo be a modest operation , two town Cars , two limo , a small dispatch office and a row of shabby locker . wing wipe down car good . alfie continue wiping as he speak to camera . alfie ' owner 's that be , ' till marlon and I swing a loan and buy it out from under he . you see , that 's my plan , marlon and I -- 28 . wing ( point to fender ) ~- you miss bird voop . alfie ( to camera ) yep . wing 's a bark lunatic . luring the above , wing 's wife erter , carry a ledger anda pencil . she 's pleasant but down~trodden and at the moment , for look concerned . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( to camera ) just check out the way he treat the little woman . Mrs. wing ask she husband something in chinese , cesture the alfie , as though tell she husband to be nicer to he employee . wing unleash a torrent of impatient chinese shout on he beleaguere wife . alfie watch , then look to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) have not a clue what he 's say , but I know it 's not good . she 's give he ner best year , cook he freakin’ chop~suey , help run he business , and at one time , I be sure he could not wait to rip off she kimono ... but look at ‘em tlowe es Mrs , wing hurry off , close to tear , with wing still berate she . alfie ( cont 'd ) {to camera ) and I be suppose to respect the institution of marriage ? ( sigh ) there be more love in the Boxer Rebellion . marlon have take all he can stomach and step fcrward . marlon hey wing , I think she can hear you without the volume . wing glance at marlon . alfie turn to camera , anticipate the worst . 25 . alfie ch man , here come trouble . everylh fall silenl . then , wing wheel on marion . wing ( scream ) you never mind ! it not you business ! she not you wife ! she mine ! you fire ! wing storm off . marlon be stunne . Mrs. wing be speechless . and scared . alfie gesture to they both to let he deal with this and follow after wing , who 's head into he office . alfie wing , wing , wait up , mate . ( enter wing 's office ) look ... he mean no disrespect ... ( pretend to remember ) ch ... get this . I get one for you ... a straight Priest with a duck on he head walk into a gay bar ... marlon turn to Mrs. wing . mrs , wing ( softly ) thank you , mister marlon . marlon and Mrs. wing watch as alfie be sen gesture animatedly to wing behind the glass partition of wing 's office . wing have no reaction and alfie be work harder . finally , wing stare at alfie for the longest time , he mouth hang open , then erupt with howl of laughter . alfie sneak a wink at marlon and Mrs. wing . DISCO music begins ... CUT to : int . lucky 's bar close on lonette glide through the room , effortlessly balance a tray of drink . 30 , alfie' voice ( do he best mazlon imitation ) I swear to you , my brother ... angle - alfie and marlon alfie and marlon move through the trendy crowd , they eye on lenette . alfie -- I be not throw you shade , it 's she night off . marlon I can explain . ( then ) I lie . int . lucky' - night alfie and marlon sit with nearly empty drink . alfie wear glass and crunch number¢ on a cocktail napkin . alfie ( figure ) -- okay ... time 3 month ... 7 , carry my 2 ... equal ... on alfie at a table , crunching number on graph paper in a red file folder . next to he be marlon who stare longingly at lonette as she wait on someone across the room . alfie ( cont 'd ) -- time 3 month ... 7 , carry my 2 ... equal ... okay , wait , wait ... this be brilliant ... if we get a amail business loan and calculate it at ... ( figure ) -- hold on ... one ... he glance up from he calculation to see maxlon 's attention be rivete on lonette . alfie sigh , look at camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) I predict this . see , marlon and lonette have reach that critical eighteen - month , where - be - we-going — wha t-are - we-do - what ' s~ happen - — here crisis point that rear its ugly head in every relationship . lonette want ring , home , baby . - { more } alfie ( cont 'd ) marlon want another eighteen month to make sure nothing better be come he way . marlon ( be : lonette ) i fuck up egregiousiy . alfie very nice wordage . I see you be get some use out of you birthday calendar . ( to camera ) so , it end . marlon prowled , ' lonette sulk . by the time he realize he have make a mistake and want she back - it be too late . marlon the iron door have slam shut . alfie you have just get to put she out of you mind . pretend she get run over by a truck and die . ( off marlon 's look ) I be serious . funeral be this afternoon . you be all cry out . single and ready to move on . marlon stare at alfie . alfie ( cont 'd ) what ? marlon iceman . you ever deal with shit on - any real level ? alfie and why would I want to do a thing like that ? : marlon well , that 's real solid advice , bear ' move on 's to what ? alfie other woman . hello ? believe I , as long as you do not get crazy picky , you have no idea what aurprise await -- 31 . 32 . sexy voice -- hey , stranger . alfie look up to find a exotic brumette , carol stand next to he . she seem uneasy , a bit hurt or could it be resentful ? alfie oh , hello ... carol -- Carol . alfie yes , Carol . you look wonderful , Carol . how have you be , Carol ? carol Fine ... she stand there expectantly . alfie so. Nice to seé you again , Carol . be well . suppress some humiliation , Carol hurry off . marlon check she out , then look hack at alfie . marlon what 's up with that ? alfie let I put it this way , the show close after only one performance . marlon do a brother even want to know why ? alfie it would be less than discreet to tell you . {short beat ) Hair on the arm . marlon Excuse I ? alfie Long , dark hair on she arm . 33. marlon so ? do not you have hair on you arm ? alfie not as much as she . and I be not a bleedin’ bird , now be I ? marlon what happen to ' do not get crazy picky 's ? alfie opoint downstairs ) try explain that to Sir gigglestick . woman' voice so , it 's the royal ' gigglestick 's that have the unreasonably high standard ? they look up to see lonette have arrive with fresh drink . she avoid marlon 's gaze . alfie yes . all he fault . even though he have only one eye , he think he 's see and do it all . nothing 's ever good enough for he . he really be arn arrogant little prick . lonette laugh , set alfie 's drink down . she wordlessly slam marlon 's down , the drink sloshing cver the xim of the glass . before marlon can give she a beseech smile - lonette 's go . marlon downs he drink ... marlon can not you talk to she for I ...? alfie pat marlon on the shoulder , while look to camera .. alfie classic , be not it ? alfie watch marlon watch lonette longingly . alfie ( cont 'd ) now that he can not have she , he chink he can not live without she . ( shake he head ) some people be funny ... 34 , ext . STREET - later that evening alfie *s town car pull into a handicapped only slot . a senior couple eye he suspiciously and alfie begin a exaggerated limp ... alfie' voice but marion 's predicament do get I think about my own situation ... int . jolie' hallway - moment later alfie , carryirg a half - empty bottle of cristal , bound up the stair . alfie 's voice maybe it be time to stoke the home fire . ie open the door with he key and be dumbstruck to find he entry block by the security chain . Julie appiar through the crack in the door . alfie anybody in the mood for a little alfie straight -up ? julie this be not a good time , alfie . ifve get a lot on my mind . alfis oh God , do not you hate when that happen ? ( hold up cristal} I bring some ' cris . 's julie you bring a half bottle leave in you limo by some drunk rapper who probably drank out of it with he mouth . be I suppose to be flatter ? alfie 's genuinely throw , recover and put on he best '' little boy '' charm ... alfie baby , you look so warm , soft and curvy= - 35 . julie ( interrupt ) -- not tonight , Alfred . alfie what 's wrong , love ? - tell I ... julie ( shrug ) I do not know - guess T be just ... she dangle dorie 's lacy red thong on the end of she finger like its 's contaminate . julie ( cont 'd ) -- see red . Jules toss the thong in aifie 's face and slam the door . ext . julie 's apartmen - moment later alfie step onto the street , take a deep breath and a deeper swig from che cristal and get into he town car . he do not notice terry , walxing up to Julie 's with a arm - load of take - out . int . the lucky bar - close time a busboy rattles around the empty kitchen , lonette clear the last of the glass from a table . as she move past the window : a face appear lonette scream bloody murder - she tray of glass shatter on the floor ! she look up terrify , and realize it 's only alfie , grin contritely through the glass . the lucky bar - a few minute later alfie trail lonette , as she move from window to window , close the steel shutter and half - listen . in the background , the bushoy sweep up the break glass . alfie I mean the poor guy 's die ... have not you toz'ture he long enough ? 34 . lonette he should have think about all that before he dip he wick in that skanky , fake - bcobe ex - ho - friend of he . alfie nstop in he track ) that be fake ..? I be devastate . next you 's 1ll be tell I thera 's no Easter Bunny . lonette move behind the bar , take down a bottle of 1800 and pour shot . lonette you be consel my devastation , remember ? alfie right , right ... alfie sit on a bar stool . alfie ( cont 'd ) at any rate , he come crawl back , do not he ... begging forgiveness and all that jazz ? lonette ( downs she shot ) and I be just suppose to forgive ard forget ? sorry . I be not that easy . alfie who say you have to forgive he to take he back ? ( downs he shot ) in my opinion - forgiveness be way over-rated . my motto be , always harbor a bit of resentment - keep you in the power position . lonette roll she eye , as the Bus Boy stick he head in from the Kitchen . bus boy it 's okay if I leave now , miss ? lonette Si , gracias , Felix . hit the light on you way cut , per favor . : 37 . as he leave , Felix flick the switch and the light dim , alfie pour himself a shot , downs it and rise . alfie well , I be off . lonezte take out a cigarette . alfie light it for she . she take a deep drag , blow a lazy smoke ring . he glance out the window . alfie ( cont have ) } it 's really pissing down out there . a crack of thunder ... time passage : at the pool table outside it 's raining . Inside the ashtray overflow with butt , the bottle of 1800 be half empty , old school + & b play on the juke box and lonette and alfie be feel no pain . they shoot pool , while play a game call I have never , lonette I have never swim in the Pacific Ocean . alfie I neither . lonette shit. okay , wait a second ... ( think ) alfie I get one . lonette Excuse I , it 's still my turn . wait . ckay , I get one , I have naver see a vame bond movie . . alfie get out ! not even a Roger Moore ? lonette I be serious . alfie you can not be . orealize she be } { more ) 3b . alfie {cont would } you be . wow. brilliant . odowns a shot ) five to four . okay ... ( smile , he 's get one ) I have never make my own bed , lonette bullshit . the shrug , it 's true ) not even as a child ? alfie I repeat - I have never make my own bed . lonette ( roll she eye ) I be impressed . five -five . her turn to down a shot . she refill both glass ... lonette ( cont 'd ) here 's one ... I have never be with a white man . alfie what ? and you think I have ?! lonette ( laugh ) just check . okay , I have never have sex with two people in one night . alfie downs another shot . alfie six -five , you favor . lonette lean over to pour he a refill . lonette how many 's the most you have have in one night ? alfie pop a dunhill in he mouth , look over at she . alfie we have stop play the game , have not we ? lonette smile and light he cigarette for he . a- fie glance to camera . 39 . alfie ( cont 'd ) be I wrong - or be there a little innocent flirt go on here ? time passage : alfie and lonette taking a break lonette sit on the edge of the pool table , regaling alfie with some story ... alfie '’s voice like most woman , once lonette get a little personal attention , she really come alive , and I think , she look amazingly dishy tonight , have a real glow about she ... lonette -- okay , so here 's what I always wonder - why I never make you hit list ... alfie -- okay , here 's why - I take one look at you and think - gorgeous , smact , funny , can balance a dozen drink on a tray and still move like poetry - and way out of you league , son . lonette alfie , you be s0 full of shit but you be so damn cute , every woman want to believe it . they share a laugh and another round ... alfie' voice funny how a few drink and the right lighting can turn a evening into a experience . time passage : alfie and lonette a nearly empty bottle of tequila ... something like do not I blow you mind this time py the delfonic on the juke box . honette sing along , she 's get serious chop ... 40 . alfie now see , if I have that kind of talent ... lonette ~- finish the sentence . alfie + ++ and look like you , I would definitely be strutting my stuff on a stage somewhere ... feeling emboldene , lonette sing the next couple of bar directly to alfie . lonett do not I blow you mind this time , do not I ? oh , baby ... they do a Little club dance step ... alfie then pick up he pool cue and pass behind lonette , size up the table . he take she hand , raise it to he lip , inhale off she cigazette , then lean in to line up he shot . lonette shake she head , disapprove , bend over he to help ... they be very close . alfie stand up , so do lonette . they look at each other , lonette take a long , cool drag on she cigarette . alfie 's voice trust I , what happen next be the furthest thing from my mind when I drop by tonight ... alfie pull lonette to he . they look at each other . she do not pull away . alfie kiss she and they come together , hungzily , drunkenly . they break . alfie look at she , gaug the moment . lonette do not look away ... alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) ~~ but then , I think to myself , you know what , if it will help she get past she anger towards marlon , I owe it to they both , as 4 friend , to do whatever I can to help . lonette move to he now and they kiss again . 41 . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) I find that lately , even lie to fnyself come easily ... with that , alfie and lonette start touch and undress each other ... top shot - the pocl table alfie sweep the ball away and lonette and alfie fall in slow motion onto the pool table ... dissolve to ; alfie and lonette - face -to-face stare silently at each other , catch they breatn . icz 's over ard neither know what to say or do . the music have stop . everything be still . l lonette start to sit up . lonette '' oh God , room spin ... alfie slide off the pool table , help she down . they self - consciously and quickly begin put on they clothes , avoid eye contact . alfie pull on a white undershirt . lowette { cont 'd} I think that 's mine . alfis ( quickly pull it off , hand to she ) sorry ... all the excitement ... she laugh without humor , pour herself a shot . alfie tuck in he shirt , take a deep swig from the bottle and eye camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( to camera ) do not give I that look . I know it be wrong , but she 's so sexy and life 's so short . still , I know I should not aave . , . marlon 's my best friend . but you know , down deep , I really think I be try to help she make up for what he ... ( then , annoyed at himself more than 718 ) oh , never mind . I do not owe you a explanation . just bang -cff ! 42 . ext , newsstand - following day alfie pay for vogue homme , detail , hello . he seem jumpy , distract . alfie 's voice the next morning , I could not get last night out of my mind . a , collage of rapid flash - cut - alfie and lonette make love . alfie try to snake off the thought . alfie 's voice ( cont ' D} I txricd desperately to focus on something clse ... anything else . the fleeting lovemake image be pushed aside by : random -unrelate cut ~~ alfie 's hand move up lonette 's skirt ... pushed aside by lennox lewis drop mike tyson to the canvas ... ~~ lonette 's hand tug alfie 's shoulder ... replaced by hannibal lecter wear that mask and laugh ... -- alfie and lonette’s mouth meeting .. , pushed away by quesn elizabeth wave to she leyal subject ... alfie' voice ( cont 'd ) anything to get my mind off my best friend 's incredibly hot , best - ass - i’ ve-ever- see - in - my -life girlfriend . the image be all banging together ... fight for control of alfie 's mind . flash -cut - lonette in the throes of passion , she open she mouth to call alfie 's name but another voice come disconcertingly from she lip . marlon 's S voice alfie ! alfie be jarre back to reality . he quickly move down the street , glance over he shoulder to see marlon jogging tewazd he . marlon hey , alfie ! 43. alfie ( quicken pace , to camera ) should I pretend not the hear he ? marlon slow down ! alfie too late . oh , Christ ... ( turn to marlon ) Marly , what up ?! marlon Marly ? camera track - marlon try the keep up with alfie . marlon ( cont 'd ) hey , listen , I gotta talk to you . alfie Love to but gotta dash , gat a pick - up at La guardia . marlon I wanna hear what happen last night . they start down the ramp toward elegant limousine . alfie last night ? what de you mean last night ? marlon sen , you know , with lonette . we see alfie 's face drop , marion do not . ' they enter wing 's office . wing you ever hear word ' knock 's !? Mrs. wing enter , avoid eye contact with wing . she take some papers from under a stack on the desk and abruptly exit . wing yell after she in chinese but she stick she nose in the air , act as though she do not hear he . wing ( cont 'd ) missus give I silent treatment . 44 . marlon ( ignore wing , to alfie ) so , what go down ? alfie ( nervous , vamp ) what ? wething . we have some drink ... wing ( in he own world ) Little she know , not hearing constant - — ( make ' yapping 's motion ) -- blabber - blabber be gift from heaven . alfie laugas a little too loudly . alfie good one , wing . alfie rifle through the book slip , pull one , szart cut . exasperate , marlon grab alfie 's arm , turn he around . . marlon what happen ? alfie ah ha , what happen be ... ( to camera ) . I be about to get my jaw reck . alfie stand , resign now to face the music . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( to marlon ) oh fuck a duck . look , man , I hada lot to drink and ... well ... I do not really remember a lot of what happen but ... marlon -- well , you do something to she , ' cause she pull a complete one - eighty and turn up on my doorstep at two in the morning say -- marlon 's votce fade , as alfie 's voice rise and he turn to camera . 45 . alfie -- that she love he and if he need moze time , she underszand completely ... she want he , and do not care how long she have have to wait . ( proudly ) so , chalk one up to the bloke . thanks to I , marlon have beat the rap . he be off scott-free . it be a bloody miracle . ( to marlon ) that be so fantastic , man , and what do you say ?! marlon ( ear- to - ear grin ) it 's all good . ( then ) l I ask she to marry I . . freeze frame on alfie . over : alfie 's voice Moral of the story - no good deed go unpunish . ext . manhattan street ~ day alfie navigate he vespa through traffic and pull up to the magnolia cake shop . he park in the red zone , take a shopping bag from the mini-trunk . ext . / int . magnolia cake shop - same time a birthday party for Max be in full swing . Max , surround by a few of he Little Friends and they mom , be seat on Julie 's lap have just open the last of he present . everyone applaud . julic leok up and be surprised to see alfie peer in the window . ext . magnolia cake shop - a moment later alfie move away from the window , as Julie 'step out , carry Max . she 's a little testy , distant ... julie do not expect to see you here . Max be excited to see alfie , he wave with one hand , while clutching a new teddy with the other . alfie hey , Jules , hey , Max . I like you teddy . : max ( garble ) from teddy ... alfie say again ? julie ( set Max down ) from Terry , it 's he birthday present from Terry and he will not let go of it . alfie shift he shopping bag the the other hand , hold it casually behind he back . alfie oh really . great . well . happy birthday , little man . i max happy birthday , alfie ! alfie and Julie exchange a uncomfortable look , move by - maxz 's silly adorableness . alfie so ... Terry , huh ? you two a item j now ? | julie you need a haircut . alfie Nice avoid of the question , jolie | I learn from the master . alfie neds . touche . just then , two hotties exit the cake _ shop . alfie casually turn away , try to avoid they . too late . hottie hey , alfie . alfie hi , sasha . 47 , sasha} . thanks for never call back . alfie ( half - wave ) right ... sure ... sorry ... ( to Julie ) yeah , well ... sulie yeah , well ... Terry appear in the doorway . terry cimon guy , cake time . jolie be right in . Terry hesitates , then turn back inside . everyone feel uncomfortable except Max who be delightfully oblivious . julie ( cont 'd ) ( polite only ) you want to come in for the cake ? alfie Nah , I should get back to work . just want to , you know , put in a appearance . ( reach for he wallet , pull out some bill ) look I ... uh , I do not know what to get so um , you know ... ( hold out money ) julie . you be give a chiid cash ? alfie oh ... not good ? all right , then ... ( rub Max 's head ) have a happy , Max . alfie turn to go . poem , alfie . alfie turn back , hesitates , look to Julie , whos shrug . 43. max ( cont 'd ) for my birthday . alfie ckay , something quick . alfie drop to one knee next to Max . alfie ( cont 'd ) here 's one my step - mum use to tell I ... ( recite , softly ) today 's my birthday , three year old I be ... I have for breakfast egg as well as jam ... I choose the cake we have for dinner too ... this afterncon I be go to the zoo ... now be not that too grand for anything ! mine be a birthday fit for any king . alfie glance up at Julie , but she look away ... julie {to Max ) we have to go in , sweetie , you pal be wait . alfie stand uncomfortably , odd - man-out . alfie yeah , okay ... Julie lift Max and head back inside . alfie ( cont 'd ) be well . baffle , Max start cry , look back at alfie , over Julie 's shoulder . alfie - alone on the STREET from inside , the kid sing " happy birthday , dear Max '' . aifie open the shopping bag and look down at the stuff teddy he beught Max . a ribbon be tie around its neck . ext . new york street - day alfie 's vespa rear through traffic a bit recklessly . alfie flirt with every pretty woman he pass . 43. alfie 's voice resilience - the ability to readily recover after disappointment or joss . he deftly avoid collide with a pass garragr truck and turn tq camera with a cocky smile . alfie the capacity to spring back . blackout : over black alfie' voice New word for the day ... alfie be '' word for the day '' calendar alfie 's hand rip off a page , revealing today 's word be : hedonism . alfie hedonism - the belief that obtain pleasure be the true meaning of life . hmmm ... remind I of someone I use to know ... alfie raise a eyebrow to camera . montage - music over -- close on alfie ; a content smile on he face . alfie 's voice understand , I be not look to repiace Julie ... angle back to see he 's stretch out on a massage table , a skimpy towel cover he skimpy butt , receive a loving massage from a loving masseuse . a screen surround the massage table . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) ~~ I just want to get back to the simple life - woman who mean nothing to I ... akxgle - outside the screen there 's a gap of several inch between the floor and the bottom of the screen . masseuse ( 0.s8 . ) you can roll over now , Mr. elkins . alfie ( 0.5.} nexaggerate formality } why , thank you , miss wilcox . we watch the masseusen feet disappear upwards as she climb onto the table with alfie . -- alfie strut past a long line of hipster waize to get into a chic nightspotf . he speak to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) now , on the scene ... a no - nonsense , plain jane , wear a headset and hold a clipboard , guard the entrance along with two bouncer . spot alfie , she light up and instantly unhook the velvet rope . alfie ( cont 'd ) -- you never want to be stand on the wrong side of a velvet rope . so I clocked in a bit of 0.t. with a petite nightclub manager call ota ... - alfie and uta in a alcove , behind a waist-high partition ... furiously make out . as uta , still wear she headset , sink down and out of frame , alfie turn to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) I know - you be think , not up to the lad 's usual standard , and I must admit I be feel a bit of a mustache at this particular moment ... a pretty brunette pass ... brunette '' '' hi , alfie ... I dumped robby . alfie ( wave ) fab ... I x11 ring you . — - alfie weave through the beautiful crowd ... sl. alfie ( cont 'd ) and to think , somewhere in the world people be go to hed harny . sad . ee wave to the dj as he pass leggy type who smile coyly . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( to camera ) now , as a heat - seek bachelor , T live by a few simple rule . my alfie elkins weltanschauung - calendar word - meaning credo or philosophy - can be sum up by the only bit of advice my old man ever give I ... alfie grin first to the Girls , then to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) he say , ' Son , every time you see a beautiful woman , just remember , somewhere there 's a bloke who 's sick of shagging she . 's one bitter put sexy girl watch alfie strutting . bitter girl ! explain to I what everyone seé in . that Euro - trash ? alfie flash she a biind smile and bitter girl melt . — - alfie be now seat at a booth in the VIP section with < will Hilton sister wannabe - chyna and tonya . alfie {to the Girls ) I think it 's so unfair how it 's acceptable for a man to be sexually adventurous , but if a woman want to experiment with something ... like say a innocent little three - way , they be consider a trollep , a slut . it 's just so wrong . the Girls nod with indignant agreement . camera move in on alfie drink and watch the Girls who begin make - out with each other for he benefit . 52 . alfie 's voice but , although I be live every guy 's post- modern rock Hudson fantasy - — he lean back for a moment , close he eye on the sight of two gixl kissing , which ordinarily he would savor . alfie' voice ( cont 'd ) -- something feel a bit ' off 's . -- in a cheesy studio apartment , camera drift past a array of discard woman 's clothes and undergarment and alfie 's neatly fold top - coat and thing . a half - empty bottle to Jack sit on the end table . camera come to rest on the back of a sofa . alfie 's voice ( cont ' D} -- and throw myself back into the old lifestyle do not go quite as smoothly as I have hope . the sound of building sexual antic , abruptly stop . a beat and alfie 's head appear at the end of the sofa . he look chagrine , reach for the Jack . chyna pop up on one side of alfie , eyeing he suspiciously . tonya pop up on the other , also give he the ' evil eye 's . alfie ( self-conscious ) sorry , girl . do not know what happen . so unlike I . funereal music begin ... curt to : a funeral procession slowly pass , the coffin tace with flower ... alfie 's voice unexpectedly , my very best friend , have fall ... like a soldier on the hattlefield ... camera ease back to see we be over alfie 's shoulder , as he look down on a cemetary from a high window inside : a stark white doctor' examination room - day alfie turn from the window to camera . he be sit cn a examination table , wear a paper gown . 93. alfie how could I could go on ? how would I face the future without ' he 's . yes , from out of nowhere - ' the unthinkable 's . flashback to : the bitier girl wrapped in a rumple sheet , speak bitteriy to camera . bitter girl now I really do not get what everyone see in he . widen to reveal alfie ~ at the other end of the bed , dejectedly pull on he pants , also speak to camera . alfie it keep on happen and happen . CUT back to : int . sxamination room - the present alfie 's nervous knee jiggling so wildly he have to quiet it with both hand . alfie ( cont 'd ) -~- or , more accurately , not happen and not happen . flashback to : a bubble bath tilt up to uta , the gate keeper , luxuriate at one end of the bubble bath . reveal alfie at the other end , stare morosely down into the bubbles . he look up al a stern , judgemental uta . . alfie ( cont 'd ) this never happen , uta. honesllly . uta {pointed} oe that 's not the word around town , pee-wee , alfie be mortify . uta 's word echo we back to : 54 . int . examination room - present '' the door swing OPEN and dr . kulp , a middle - age , androgenous , no - nensense woman with a buzz- cut ard white lab coat enter . she refer to a clipboard . dr . kulp Mr. elkins ? Dr. kulp . alfie ( to camera ) the penis doctor 's a ' she’ ~ with a little ' he 's throw in . dr . kulp so , I understand you 's be experience some ed. ( off ais look ) erectile dysfunction ? alfie oh . yes , I have be experience a bit of what you just say . dr . rulp do it come en gradually ? alfie -- no , no . very sudden . one minute I ... it ... he ... be ... how shall I put this ~ ' the life of the party ’... and the next ... the shrug , hopelessly ) dr . kulp ( offer she hand not to worry , I be a erectionologist . I specialize in that area . : alfie shake she hand , a little squeamishly . alfie I see , ( raise eyebrow to camera ) and why do you suppose she choose , as she field of interest , the penis ? ( cock he head ) envy ? 55 . dr . kulp have you be under any emotional stress , Mr. elkins ? alfie yes , but my fear of Al Qaeda should not really affect my wanker , should it ? ( then , to camera ) I suppose I could tell she about the recent , less - than -calm chat I have with Jules ... flashback to : int . julie 's S apartment - balcony - night Julie and alfie stand outside she close apartment door . Julie , look more relaxed , now have a new very cute , short haircut . alfie 's voice I pop over unannounced , and you know what - she would not let I in . kept I at the door . julie I be not angry anymore ... I have to accept that we want different thing ... 3ut I can not see you ... and I can not have you traipsing in and out of Max 's life . alfie ( neds , then ) and so , you and Terry ... she shrug , check she watch . julie alfie , I be gonna be late ... alfie you 's have change you hair . julie um-hmm . alfie it look really good . 56 . jolie ( unmove ) ..- okay . thanks . alfie ( uncharacteristic remorse ) why dic you never do it like that before ? when we be toqether ? julie alfie , I have really gotta co . they look at each other for a moment . alfie right . ckay . she start to close the door . alfie ( cont 'd ) oh ... ( dig in he pocket ) I guess ... I will not be need this anymore . he pull out he key ring , take off a key , hand it to Julie . she take the key . alfie look in she eye , see nothing , turn to camera . alfle ( cont 'd ) even the old ' return the key bit’ get no reaction . ~ ( then ) have you ever notice the sudden chill that come over a woman when it 's truly over ? he start down the stair , julie alfie ? {he turn ) be you gonna be okay ? alfie nlook up at her} no worry , I ’l1l be fine . thanks for ask , alfie force a smile ... freeze frame . over : ST . dr . kulp { 0.s. ) all righty . let 's take a gander at that penis of yours . int . doctor 's office —- present Dr. kulp slip on a round head mirror , flip it down over one eye and drop out of frame in front of alfie , to examine he . alfie immediately react to she cold hand ... alfie {to camera ) whatever happen to warming you hand by the fire ? ( then sigh , remember } I have to admit , Julie never look lovelier than when she do not fancy Te anyilore . he smile a bittersweet smile , then squirm around a little . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( to Dr. kulp 0.58 . ) so , what do you think , Doctor ? dr . kulp { 0.s. ) I think it would be helpful if you stop squirming , Mr. elkins . alfie ( tc camera ) that 's a bit of a challenge when she 's mess about with Sir -- ( then suddenly ) whoa ! hel -lo !} ( eye widen ) ged save the Queen ! Dr. kulp rise into frame . dr . kulp well , so much for bd , alfie 's embarrassed at first , then grin . alfie : well do . what a relief . I feel like lazarus raise from the dead . ( to camera ) if the ' Blair witch 's here can give I a stiffy , then I should have no problem keep it up for my target demographic . dr , kulp -- there do not seem to be anything physiological , so we can be fairly certain you problem be stress - related . alfie {to camera translation : julie-related , like I always say , if they do not get you one way , they get you another . {to dr . kulp ) right then , I x11 be off . he reach for he boxer , fail to see Dr. kulp 's look of concern . dr . kulp um ... however ... alfie turn ... she step alfie -- I do feel something a little kooky ... to he , drop she hand out of frame . alfie ( cont 'd ) -- kooky ? be that a medical term ? two shot - alfie and dr , kulp as she examine he below frame , alfie 's beginning to have a mild panic attack . dr . kulp any pain here ? tender ? alfie ( shake he aead ) w-w- whal exactly be you look for ? ow ! dr . rulp alfie -- mx. elkins - -- please , you have get to tell - dr . kulp alfie -- there 's something ~ -- -- what ? something . what ? 53. dr . kulp alfie' voice -- I think I feit -- -- think you feel -- dr . kulp -- a lump on you -- alfie ( pure panic ) -- not on my ...?!? alfie fall straight out of frame with a thud . ext , STREET ~- day B light snow fall on worker hang the first of the season 's christmas decoration . over : alfie 's voice ( as if recite a Christmas tale ) and so randy young Alfred get a early Christmas gift ... alfie hobble onto the sidewalk , he hand cover he gzoin to avoid contact with pass pedestrian . alfie ( to camera ) -- a penis biopsy . ext . department store window - day celighted Children and they mom crowd the sidewalk , vie for a peek at a santa’s workshop scene béing install in the store window . alfie approach , he hand still protect he crotch . he step into the middle of the gather families to check we the display , all the while talking to camera , alfie I get my test result in three day , well five , if you caunt the weekend . {suddenly panic ) oh , Lord ... how be I go to keep from go bonker ? ncalm himself ) I 'il be fine . I be a young man . shift focus , alfie . 60 . a pretty Young Mom glance over and notice alfie look sort of space and craze . alfie give she he besl sexy smile . the Mom look down , see alfie 's hand cup over he private - and immediately yank she child away . alfie turn and realize all the mom be now glaring at he like he 's some sort of perv . he turn to camera . alfie ( cont 'd} in the meantime ... ( turn , hobbling } -- perhaps i'd be safer hobbling home ... | | | ! | | he turn and hobble off ... ext , alfie 's STREET - later that day alfie , juggling a bag of grocery and he dry clean , limp up the step of he building , as lu schnitman and she friend mrs . liberman be about to exit . alfie struggle to open the door for the lady . ' _ — | mrs . schnitman alfie , dear , what 's wrong - you look like death warm over . alfie | slight groinal soccer injury be all , lu. Mrs. liberman , you 's be look well . he hold the door with great effort and give a slight pain bow as they pass . the Girls giggle at he gallantry . alfie . step sideways through the doorway . it 's then he notice : | lonette ~ waiting in the vestibule lonette could I speak to you for a sec ? alfie sure ... of course . lady , this be my friend , lon -- but lonette have already move toward the step . alfie turn to the lady . | alfie ( cont 'd ) sorry ... I do not expect — - Mrs. schnitman come close to alfie , whisper in he ear . 61 . mrs . schnitmak she 's lovely . good for you dating a African - american . alfie cross to lonetze , who 's lean against the frort bannister . alfie hey , girl . I have miss you . Mrs. schnitman and Mrs. liberman tippy ~ toe around they . mrs . schnitman con ’c mind we , we be not here , you two kid keep talk . mrs . liberman very nice to meet you . lonette smile at the lady . when they be go , she drop the smile and turn to alfie , alfie so , what have you be -- lonette -- I be pregnant . freeze frame on alfie ... alpif 's voice it seem to I , the problem you worry yourself sick about , never seem to materialize . dark cloud roll across a bleak , grey sky . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) it 's the one 's that catch you unexpectedly on a Tuesday afternoon , that knock you sideways . ext . family planning clinic - day a grey , rainy morning . alfie ard lonette stand in front of the clinic . alfie , wear he raincoat , hold a umbrella between they . alfie 's voice I offer to face the music with she ... 62 , tney look at each other a moment , then lonette turn and head inside ... alfie 's volce ( cont 't ) -- but she want to go it alone ... int / ext alfie 's town car the rain have turn to drizzle as alfie wait in front nf the clinic . alfie' voice we both know if that baby be bear with any pasty white boy feature , it would pretty much mean the énd of lonette and marlon . he glance up at the clinic , caeck he watch , turn to camera . alfie not to mention , you host for the this evening . on the STREET alfie pace . alfie 's voice but , stand there in the rain , I find myself think morbid thought , like ' here 's another kid you 'il never get a chance to know ... you own ... 's he turn up he collar against the chill . a half -hour later alfie rub he hand together to stay warm . he try to light a cigarette but can not in the drizzle . back in the town car alfie be now smoking , take a deep drag , lean ais head back , turn to camera . alfie life can be a bit too much at time ... still , it beat the hell cut of the alternative . alfie leans against town carn fender 63. he glance up as the clinic door open and lonette walk slowly toward he , she look shake . alfie hurry to meet hez , try to appear upbeat . alfie ( cont 'd ) well , that do not take long , do it ? he look in hex eye , force a smile . she turn away . alfic take she hand and help she to the car . alfie ( cont 'd ) you hand be freezing . ( cub she hand } be you ... how do you feel ? lonette empty . lonette get in the car , alfie open and close the door for she . he stand there for a moment , then turn to camera . alfie that night in the bar , I think I be get something for nothing but it do not seem to have work out that way , do it ? ext , restdential STREET ~- high shot - later alfic 's town car pull up and he get out , open the door for lonettc . she get out and walx the rest of the way home without even a goodbye . alfie stand there watch she disappear in the crowd ... blackout : over black alpie 's voice I keep have this vision ... int . medical lab - night a bespectacle , lab technician be bent over a microscope , | intensely study a slide , alfie 's voice that at this very moment , some lab technician be look at my slide and gasp . ; the Lab tech gasp , recoil at what he see . 64 . alfie' voice ( cont 'd ) and call over he mate ... other Lab technician 's quickly crowd around hin . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) -- to observe this tragic specimen . the other Lab tech all gasp in horror as well . CUT to : lu schnitman in she live room , wear a frilly robe and nightgown . mrs . schnitman you be not go to die , honey bunch . : alfie sit across from lu , rumple and anxious in he pj' . lu drop a marshmallow into the cup of hot chocolate alfie 's hold , follow it with a splash of brandy and stir it for hin . : mrs . schnitmak ( cont 'd ) if it 's anything , which I be sure it 's mot , you can rest assure they catch it early . my friand marge skolnick , God rest she -- ncatch self ) oh , never mind . gn on , alfie . alfie put down he hot chacolate , overly anxious , wring nis hand . alfie because the thing be , lu , when I do go , I have like to go out on a higher note , if you know what I mean ... I do not want to feel too many -- nsearch for the word ) mrs . schnitman -- regrets , sweetheart ? alfie yeah . exactly . regrets . ( turn to camera } she 's so warm and compassionate . { morei 65 . alfie {cont would ) why can not she be a rich , curvy norwegian babe with pert , up - turn ... ( to himself ) all right , stop . ( to lu} there be thing I still want to do with my life , lu . mrs . schnitman like what , lovey ? alfie well , that 's part of the problem ... I be not exactly sure ... but , if it turn out tomorrow that I even have a future , it 's a sign change need to be make ... mrs , schnitman i'm sure you will find you way , alfie . alfie I appreciate you let I ramble on , lu ... there be not many people I can turn to at two in the a.m . lu give he a comforting smile . mrs . schnitman oh , please , everyone adore you . alfie I do not think I be win many popularity contest this day , lu. mrs . schnitman well , from what I have see , you ! certainly have you share of female admirer . present company include . alfie give lu a hug . she 's plotzing . cor to : a lins - up of old geezer camera move past geezer after geezer seat side - by-side until we come to alfie , the youngest geezer in thr roctor 's $ waiting room by thirty year . his nervous knee be bob like gang - buster . 4 66 . he fidget for a beat , then be on he foot , crossing to the icy nurse , at the receptionist station . she 's a cool hitchcock blonde . before he can speak : icy nurse for the millionth time , Mr. elkins , when we know the result , you 'il know the result . alfie for the millionth time , nurse , since I have nething betcer to do than find out whether I be gonna live or die - think I ' 1i hang . he cross back to he seat , pick up a magazine , leaf through it , then glance out the window . he view - another funeral it 's raining and the mourner be all hide under a array cf black umbrellas as they toss rise petal onto a coffin . clos= angl - alfie he turn from the funeral to camera . alfie one wonder who have show up to toss petal on my coffin . really , who - Max ? who have drive he ? the icy nurse glance over at he , then look away . alfie can not help himself . he 's back at she desk like a shot . alfie ( cont 'd ) nurse , I see the way you look at I just then and if you already know something and they 's have ask you not to tell I -- icy nurse alfie -- Mr. elkins ... -- I can handle it ... icy nurse alfie -~ Mr. elx -- -- ifm right , be not I ? icy nurse . odagger } - be - no - news ! 67 . alfie close he eye regain he composure , turn to camera . alfie I be gonna be fine . I just feel it . int . men 's room - moment later alfie enter to find one urinal '' out of order '' . the other occupy by a nattily dress . old guy , joe . joe I 'il be a minute . or ten . alfie take you time . joe do not have a choice . I use to pee , now I trickle . I be Joe . what 's you name ? alfie me? alfie . we hear a thin trickle of pee in fit and start from Joe . joe . so , how you doin’ , alfie ? alfie hangin 's in ... you ? joe shitty . alfie yeah , I too . { then ) I like the bolo tie , Joe . joe thanks . iI have a collection . he 's still pee . alfie , have a bit of trouble hold it in , smile politely at Joe . joe ( cont 'd ) when you be old , you learn to be patient . {then } yeah , use to be I have no time for nething . go , go , go . 68. alfie I know the feel ... joe the wife be always hock I to take a little vacation , Hawaii , reno ... I always say , ' next year , evie , next year , I get too much on my platter ...‘ always think I have have more time ... then one Sunday night , she take the cot roast outta the oven , yell , ' Soup 's on ’... and slump to the kitchen floor . just like that . ( snap he finger } Dead as disco . alfie geez , I be sorry , Joe . joe I try pick up the piece . even go to waikiki alone on the eight - day cruise package she be always yakking about . could not get evie outta my mind . I keep think how she would have love the island ... the trade wind , the flower ... mlaugh to himself ) -- and that blue drink . alfie I think you have what they call a bit of ' contrition . 's ( to camera ) calendar word . joe you marry , alfie ? alfiz no , Joe , joe how come ? you a tough fit ? alfie it 's just not on my . radar . joe two thing I learn in life - find someone to lave and live every day as though it 's you last ... ( more ) 69 . joe ( cont would ) ( zip up } she 's all yours , alfie . enjoy . Joe cross to wash he hand . joe ( cont 'd ) if you be ever bored or feel like schmooze , give I a holler ... {about to hand alfie he card , stop ) ah ... you will never call . alfie {not really meaning it ) maybe I will . joe good , we will go to a rave together . alfie laugh , take Joe 's card . alfie thanks , Joe . and , sorry about evie . Joe look off wistfully , start out , stop , turn back . joe we be not all that fond of each other , but we be very close , if you know what i mean ... alfie I think I do . Joe pat alfie on the shoulder and leave . hold on alfie watch he go . over : alfie 's voice =' yve be think a lot about God and death lately ... ext . STREET outside doctor' office - day a dreary , drizzly day . beat. beat . the door open and alfie trudge out , head hang , shoulder sagging . he lift he head slightly , look mournfully at camera : alfie -- and how , if what they teach we in Bible class be true , I be really in for it . ( then , practically jump for joy ) {more ) 70 . alfie ( cont would ) but I will not be party with lucifer any time soon - ' Cause my test result come back negative ! I be gonna live ! suddenly he 's gene Kelly , san umbrella . he hop over the railing - splash foot first in a huge puddle . alfie { cont 'd ) look at that , I have ruin my prada loafer ! alfie splashes joyfully around in the puddle , oblivious to the stare of onlooker . he suddenly stop , spin around to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) do not think I have forget my oata to completely change my life ! a clap of thunder , lightening streak across the sky . alfie { cont 'd ) yep , health be now priority number one , business plan move onto the fast track and from this day forward - no more meaningless sex ! alfie spread he arm wide and as he open he mouth to drink in the rain , we hbar a scream of ecstasy . match CUT to : the icy blonde nurse - freeze frame half out of in she crisp white uniform and half out of she mind , she 's catch in a freeze moment of unbridle ecstasy ... alfie 's S voice -- all right , all right ... one Little piece of unfinish business ... the image pop to life and the icy wurse howl like a banshee ... alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) you have to admit , this one desperately need a good thawing out . widen to reveal the icy nurse and alfie go at it , after hour , on top of her receptionist 's desk . 71 . the icy nurse claw alfie 's back , writhe and scream and generally go nut . alfie steal a quizzical look to camera . alfie but , what 's up with all the racket ? T mean , if it 's for my benefit , she 's waste she breath . ( scream grow louder ) no ego require this much positive feedback . the icy nurse reach a ear - piercing orgasm ... icy nurse oh , Mr. elkins - you rock !!! int . town car - moving - day alfie , wear a snappy new suit and he chauffeur 's cap , maneuver the town car through traffic . he speak to camera , while occasionally check something in he rear-view mixror . alfie minor detour ... back on track and erack on . he glance in the rear-view . he view - through mirror . '' curle up in he backseat be liz , a voluptuous , some would gay over - ripe , all would say sexy , woman in she late forcvy , '' early fify ... she have a full , throaty smoker 's voice andis | deck out in versace . Liz nuzzle wes , a tan , tight , manicure , business exec in he fifty . they both roll call , wes 's hand absently rest on Liz 's thigh . alfie ( cont 'd ) {to camera ) New slate . New beginning ... Liz look up from she cell phone , catch alfie in the rear - view . alfie flash he patent smile , Liz look away , continue talk into the phone ... ext . henri bendel - day the limo pull up and alfie pop out , smartly open the door for Liz and wes . 72 . wes ( snap phone shut} . what 's you name ? alfie alfie , sir . wes wait here , alfie . alfie May I ask how long you will be ? wes oturn back} : why , you get someplace to go ? alfie no , I just think I have grab a cup of tea across the -- wes ~~ you know what , why do not you stay put . wes start after Liz . alfie I like you suit , guv . wes give alfie a dismissive look , then follow Liz into henri bendel . alfie '' flip '' wes off , behind he back . Liz glance over she shoulder and catch the gesture , break a tiny smile . alfie pop a lollypop in he mouth ... ext , henri bendel - a hour later alfie lean against the town car watch Christmas shopper hurry past . he check he watch , make a decision , click on the hazard light and drop the lollypop stick in the trash . int . henri bendel - a few minute later close on three image of liz geen in a three - way mirror . she 's modeling a clingy low - cut cocktail dress while a chic salesgirl watch admiringly from the sideline . liz yay ox nay ? wes look up from he the Wall Street Journal but before he can answer : 73. alfie ( 0.8 . ) a definite ' yay '. wes see alfie' reflection approach in the mirror , pull off he chauffeur 's cap . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( as he pass wes} stun , would not you agree , sir ? wes ( annoyed ) I be sorry , do not I ask you to wait by the car ? alfie I reckone the lady might need a hand with she package . Liz feel alfie 's unabash male appreciation wash over she . liz ( pose for alfie ) yay ? you think ? alfie I do ... with one minor ... ( gesture he want to adjust something ) -- May I ? liz -- you may . alfie -- adjustment ... alfie move close to Liz , gently tug the neckline revealing a small tattoo of a tiny heart with the name pablo $ encircle it on she breast . liz bullfighter . another lifetime . do not ask . alfie glance at the tantalize view of she cleavage , then cock a eye to camera . alfie ( to camera ) fifty if she 's a day . but you know , they say ' fifty 's the new forty 's and be she not the live proof ? ( morb } 74 . alfie ( cont would ) I mean , have a look - cleavage like the Holland tunnel . ( to liz ) better ? liz much . alfie you be so right to trust versace . a pair of hot pink Jimmy choo stilettos and you be good to go . alfie neds to the salesgirl who hurry off in search of the Jimmy choo 's s. wes snap liz well , be not you mister full service ... , shut he cell - phone and glare . alfie he 's get a bit pissy , be not he ? liz he 's fine . it 's good for he . alfie husband 's a bit older than you . liz he 's not my husband . alfie but he 's wear a ring . liz I do not say he be not someone else 's husband . alfie laugh , a gal after he own heart . the four season HOTEL - later the town car pull up and a bellman step forward , open the door for Liz and wes . alfie hustle around , pop the trunk , and begin hand shopping bag to a second bellman . he finish , turn , helding out he card to Liz . alfie if you should require my service in the future ... Liz take the card , join wes . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( call after they ) happy Christmas ... Sir ... ma ’am . liz back at ya , cutie . alfie watch Liz move toward the hotel entrance . she offer alfie a quick turn of the head and a wink , freeze frame . over : alfie 's voice now that , I think to myself , be a real woman , smart , sexy ... and you see the little flirt that go down between we . alfie give Liz a parting wave , then turn to camera . alfie it make I think ... if a woman of that caliber take notice of a bloke like I ... perhaps I have be sell myself a bit short ... nstart toward limo ) and that be it , in a flash I have my New Year 's resolution ... ( stop , turn to camera ) aim higher . ext . elegant limo - day alfie 's town car zoom down the ramp . over : wingas voice futile ! int . elegant limo depot wing be pacing and ranting behind alfie who stand in the foreground , facing camera . wing desperate ! doom ! desolate ! alfie gave he a calendar for Christmas - large mistake . ( to wing } what 's get you so bleak , mate ? wing you soul brother ! wing toss a package to alfie . on the STREET - outside elegant limo - moment later alfie lean against a wall read a letter and hold a small wrap gift . alfie 's voice as it turn out , wing be bum because marlon have quit . he and lonette decide , on the spur of the moment , to elope and move upstate . somehow , lonette convinced marlon it would be too painful to say we ' good - by 's in person . ( sigh , resign ) yeah , right ... as alfie unwrap the gift . flashback to : a beach - at sunset - alfie 's memory alfie , marlon and lonette , bundle up in blanket , around a bonfire - drink beer , act crazy and crack each other up . over : alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) in the letter , marlon call I he ' best mate 's and apologize for bail on we little ' take - over 's scheme , he say he whole thing now be to make lonette happy - and that I have a stand invite to drop by anytime ... the Three Friends sling they arm around each other end the image freeze . pull out to : alfie - holding the gift 77 . it 's a sea shell - encrust frame with the photograph of alfie , marlon and lonette capture at that moment on the beach - laugh , they arm axound each other . wide shot - alfie on the STREET alone , hold the frame photo . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) I be feel a bit abandon ... and to make matter worse , it all cove- tail into the second loneliest night of the year ... softly , we hear Steve tyrell 's soulful version of have yourself a merry Little Christmas . christmas eve in manhattan New York in all its holiday splendour . alfie 's voice -- Christmas Eve . -- djoorway adorn with garland ... wreath of holly and string of twinkle light hang on snow - dust shop . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) a night that bring on that familiar festive feeling of hopelessness , anguish and despair . -- snow flutter down on happily , bundle - up Upper East sider - hurry to festivity . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) not a good time to be fly so +0 . int . alfie 's town car - moving - night alfie ( to camera ) that 's why I be of the belief that couple should never break up between Thanksgiving and January ' two . -- thousands of light adorn the Broadway entrance to macy 's s. alfie 's S voice always have a relationship to carry you through the holiday . 78. -- skater , mostly couple , glide by the 70 - foot Christmas tree in rockefeller Center , alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) the down side of course be gift . int . alfie 's town car - moving - night pass the Empire State Building wrap in twinkle Christmas light . alfie look at camera as he drive . alfie personally , I have always suspect that everyone be have a far merrier Christmas than I . wot that I ever actually have a Christmas , but that 's a whole other dicken story . a loud male whistle interrupt he and alfie raise a finger to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . he turn to see : alfie 's view - traveling shot - CITY STREET a boisterous group of bright young thing in they late 20 's , wave for alfie to pull over . someone drop a bottle to the sidewalk where it shatter . young guy in santa hat taxi ! fit of bent-over laughter , some random carol . they be drink from plastic cup , practically spilling on each other , all majorly buzze . alfie lower he window ... alfie serry , mate , against the law for I to tzansport more than -- alfie stop mid-sentence , unable to speak , as one of the young woman who have be face in the opposite direction turn toward he . her name be nikki a '' and she 's a tall , willowy , drop -dead blonde , she give alfie a smile that could melt Alaska . 79 , alfie 's voice and there she be ... snow swirl around she ... backlit by twinkle Christmas light , she be nothing short of a vision . choral music rise . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) -- my Christmas Miracle , remember ... ' aim higher 's ? ( to the group , voice crack } hop in , then . they all rush the town car , nikki lean she head in the window ... wikki thanks for save we , I be freezing my little ... ( pick she word ) -- tush off . . alfie no worry . a bit crowded back there , why de not you -- nirkt ( read he mind ) ~~ good idea . why do not i. nikki slide into front seat , while the other pile in back . alfie glance down , could there be a short mini-skirt on planet earth ? could there be longer leg ? ext . town car ~ high shot - travelling - night over we hear everyone sing " I saw mommy schtupp sante Claus '' ... int . town car ~ same time the friend be all cramme into the back finish the verse and crack up . nikki they do not get out much . her Friends laugh agreeably ... alfie ( to the Friends ) you better watch out , you will end up with a lump of coal in you stock . nikki ~ you be English . I love English . a' the guy wear the Santa hat , kev , lean scar the seat . kev ( hokey English accent ) how much to take we downtown , English ? : alfie consider it my gift , darling . ( for nikki 's benefit ) that 's what the season 's all about , be not it , the joy of give ? kev yeah . do not you just hate the holiday ? guy # 1 loathe . girl # 1 despise . nikki oh , I love they . ( to alfie} do not you ... what 's you name ? alfie alfie . absolutely . 's adore . 80 . front nikki be punch radio button , screwing up he pre-set the way dorie do earlier . every station be play holiday tune . alfie start to say something , catch himself nikki fire up a joint and give he a invite smile . nikki wanna abuse a little substance , alfie ? # 1. alfie wo thanks , I be try to quit . oglances at heautiful nikki ) one hit . nikki settles on Little Saint Nick by the Beach boy , as alfie take a long pull on the joint and hold it in ... and music rise ... ext . manhattan - night ( music over the town car roll through the nearly empty city street . int . artist loft - night a full - tilt bash . pack with young , arty type . huge pollack - like canvase , with bold streax and splotches of color , cover the wall . string of vintage Christmas light everywhere . sixty holiday music blast , possibly a mel torme / hip hop mix . the crowd , mostly couple , laugh , dance , make - out , drink too much ... camera find alfie take a couple cf eqgnog from the bartender . he turn to see : nikki - surrounded by admirer she wink at alfie . alpie 's voice there 's a expression the yank often use , ' go with the flow '. , , back to alfie speak to camera as he move through the crowd , hold the drink . alfie she invite I inte the party and although I have a dose of the holiday blue , when a bird of thig mind - blow caliber come along , it 's best to get go and start flow ... alfie arrive with the drink , hand one to nikk2 and accidently spilling a bit down the side of he glass in the process , as nikki lean in and lick the eggnog off the side of alfie 's glass , he turn to camera . 82. alfie ( cont ' D} maybe it be the late hour . maybe it be the heavily - spike eggnog ... alfie and nikki ~ stand under a doorway talk , laugh , drink .... suddenly , nikki realize they be stand under a sprig of mistletoe ... and she give alfie a sweet kiss . he glance to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) maybe it be simply a mutual desperate desire to have ourselves a merry Little Christmas ... altie and nikki - dancing it 's get romantic , they be wrap around each other , move fluidly . alfie 's voice whatever the reason , ' hook up 's have never go more swimmingly , until ... they be about to kiss , this time without the aid of mistletoe , when : a deep male voice . '' May I have this dance ? of alfie turn to see a handsome middle - eastern guy , stand before they . he 's tall and slickly dress ... everything 's shiny - shirt , tie , suit , forehead . he have a moustache and wear tinted glass . alfie no thanks . but sweet of you to ask . farooz nignore alfie ) -- I need to speak with you , nikki . nikki farooz , I be dance . farooz {a step forward ) undance . we need to talk . 83. alfie ( raise he hand } really , do not let I -- nikki he 's my ex-fiance , nintroduce } farooz - alfie . farooz ocorrect ) ifm she fiance . I do not agree to the ex part . alfie give camera a look ... nikki take he aside . nikki it 's not what you think , English . I promise you . we be so over , alfie «.. think you better explain that to the bloke in the shiny suit . nikki oohh ... ' bloke 's . you be so cute . ( hold up five finger ) give I five . believe I , I can turn a guy off as easily as I can turn he on . she squeeze alfie 's hand , give he a smile ... she 's too gorgeous . alfie step away and then ease back within earshot , as nikki and farooz carry on a heat , clench tooth argument behind hin , .. farooz -- you be full of bullshit ! who else will ever put uo with you ? nikki . that 's really a great way to win I back . farooz I want a explanation , nikki ! alfie ( to camera ) you want a explanation ? how 's this - she 's have she fill of you , slick . move on . you look rich , I be sure you can buy someone else . 84 . nikki -- plus I can not deal with the drama and the possessiveness ... farooz you be outrageous ! nikki hey , calm down , maybe you should take something ... farooz like what - a gun to shoot you ? alfie ( to no one } I 'il be at the bar . twenty minute later - at the bar the bartender hand alfie a fresh drink . the party have thin out . nikki and farooz be not around . thirty minute later alfie 's glass be empty and the party have now dwindle way down . he look around . nikki and farooz be still not to be find . alfie ask the bartender for one for the road and grab he overcoat . int / ext stair - moment later alfie head down the stair , sip the fresh eggnog and talking to camera . alfie a lesson to we all , never -- a door bang OPEN somewhere above and high heel clack frantically down the stair . alfie look up , and see nikki run down the stair . she grab he arm , without break stride , pull he along with she . nirkt Quick ... we gotta get out of dodge ! above they , the door bang OPEN again ! on the STREET - continuous - night alfie and nikki hit the street at full bore ... slide across the icy sidewalk . alfie press he remote , unlock the door and he and nikki scramble inside . es . alfie start the engine and be about to pull away when there 's a deafening crash . alfie look up . he view - farooz landing on the windshield , he face a mask of rage . alfie take off , farocz hang on to the wiper blade for dear life . : farooz ( scream into alfie ) you will be fuck sorry !!! alfie hit he brake and farooz slide off the hood and fly into a snow bank . ext . STREET - night alfie floor it and the town car fish - tail down the street . int . town car - travelling - same time the town car skid around the corner , make a clean getaway . alfie sigh with relief , look over to nikki , who give he a sweet smile ... nikki you may be fuck ... but you will not be sorry . ext . central park - high shot - a half hour later blankete in snow . camera move toward the town car park under a street lamp . alfib 's voice after a remark like that and know she be suddenly ' homeless for the holiday 's , I do something highly out of character ... int . town car - night alfie and nikki be furiously make out in the back seat . between breathy kiss ... alfie I be renovate in the West Village , so I can only offer . up temporary dig ... but you be welcome to crash at my sublet if you like ... ( to camera ) {more ) 86 . alfie ( cont would ) ~- tide I over through the holiday . nikki sound invite ... ( kissing he ) anything you say with that accent make I want to do thing only ' bad girl 's do on a first date . ext . central park ~ night camera pull away from the town car , now cover with snow ... alpie 's voice and so it come to pass , that after all that year , Little alfie finally get what he want for Christmas ... music up ... a happy new year ! banner camera boom down past balloon , crepe paper and one of that twirling mirrore bail that send twinkle light across a room . int . swanky nightspot - new year eve a champagne cork be pop ! a Band play . alfie strut in wear nikki wrap around he arm . she look smash in a shimmer skin-tight mini dress . alfie grin at camera . alfie the twelve day of Christmas be fly by ... alfie twirl nikki out to the music . she laugh big time . freeze frame . over : alpie 's voice -- at a surrealistic pace ... resume action . nikki twirl effortlessly back into alfie 's arm and kiss he . you half expect the other patron tc applaud . alfie slip off he elegant new topcoat , smile at camera . 87 . alfie you like ? Little Christmas gift from nikki . {hands to coat check girl} originally mean for farooz . lucky break we be the same size . {confidentially } cashmere . ( wink ) get he girl and he topcoat ... flashback to : rapid - FIRE shot - one after another highlight of the past week with nikki ... alfie 's voice yeah , it 's be quite the ride . -- nikki and alfie , fly through soho on he vespa , look very 60 's mod . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) the package be irresistible - a show-stopper ... . ~~ nikki , wear big chanel shade , feed alfie a hot fudge Sunday at a outdoor cafe . other Men ogle she . alpie' voice ( cont 'd ) -- with a new schoel brand of sexiness ... ( beat ) and who would not dig the way she make head turn ? -- wikki , wear glitter eye-shadow , sip a martini and stare smolder into camera . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) she be also smart ... -- nikki and alfie in bed - both conceal by newspaper . he 's read hello , she 's behind the New York Times . alpie 's voice ( cont 'd ) fun ... -- nikki and alfie lie half - naked on top of the kitchen table , surround by the remain of italian take - out ... 88. alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) oh , and do I mention , she make a crack good bed ? - -- alfie 's bed - for once - perfectly made . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) I begin to wonder - could this be i ' the one ’... -- alfie and nikki slow dancing . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) -~ who finally hold my attention ? another stun blonde pass , flash alfie a comely smile . alfie look she way for a fleeting moment , he gaze almost instantly return to nikki ... as they continue to glide across the floor ... CUT back to : int . swanky nightspot - the present ten ... nine ... eight ... the revellers counting down to the New Year . Seven ... six ... five ... alfie and nikki pick up flute of champagne . four ... Three ... two ... the clock on the wall the second hand hit midnight ! everyone cheer , blow noise -maker , kissing one another and sing '' auld lang syne '' ... alfie and nikki nikki kiss alfie with all she 's get , writhe up against he , way over - the-top ... when they break nikki clink alfie 's glass a bit too hard and both glass shatter . freeze frame on shatter glass in mid-air . over : alfie 's voice in every doom relationship , there come , what I like to call , the Zh- oh moment ... alfie still hold the jag champagne flute , turn to camera . . alfie when a certain little something happen that tell you you have just witness the beginning of the end . and suddenly you stop and think ... uh~ - oh , iceberg ahead . angle - nikki bent over laughing hysterically at the mishap . other guest leok on , fail to see the humor . freeze on nikki - out of control . over : alfie voice with nikki , that be the first of many uh- oh moment ... rapid FIRE shot - one after another lowlight of life with nikki ... alfie 's voice it begin with petty argument ... -- nikki , she face fill with rage , throw the content of she martini glass , include the olive , directly at camera . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) follow by random bout of melancholia ... -- nikki sit on a park bench next to a crazy , filthy bag lady with a garbage - fill shopping cart . they be both stare blankly into space . the bag Lady look way happier than nikki . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) reckless behavior , . , -- alfie 's vespa wrapped around a fire hydrant , water spraying into the air ... nikki stand nearby , gesture - like it 's the hydrant 's fault . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) and thank you , no - I do not have insurance . oroll on ) the girl never know when she would have one too many ... go . -- wikki passed out cold on the bar at lucky 's. other patron try not to stare . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) and I begin to dread the way she make head turn ... ( then ) but , whenever I begin to feel there be little reason to go on ... -- nikki stretch out on alfie 's bed , wear a clingy negligee , llanguidly smoking a cigarette . she give camera a '' come hither '' look . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) I be remind that we still have one very major thing in common ... ~- lu schnitman , in roller and a robe have she ear glue to she apartment wall . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) yep , Freud be right - the battier the bird , the better the boffing . lu 's eye widen as she hear nikki 's hysterical scream of pleasure come from alfie 's apartment . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) if only she do not insist on smoking before , after ... -- alfie 's bed - engulfed in flame ... alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) -- and during ... dissolve into : a paint brush paint a wide swath of indigo blue across one of the wall in alfiex apartment . the room be now cluttere with nikki 's thing ... underwear drying on the back of a chair , make - up , fashion magazine scattered about , overflow ashtray , 4 box of tampons , a bong , a gaggle of prescription pill bottle ... angle back to nikki , wear a silk thong and one of alfie 's big sweater , painting a wall of alfie 's apartment . altie enter from the bedroom , pull a scarf around he neck . g1 . nikki ( over she shou2 Zder ) what time will you be home , honey ? alfie {to camera ) hear that ? what time will I , honey , be home ? sound dangerously close to wife-speak . nikki : -- ' Cause I be make something really special for din-din . alfie look to cambra on ' din-din 's ... alfie I will ring you . you do not think that color 's a bit intense ? nikki turn to he ... nikki I think you be a bit intense . she grab he scarf and pull he toward she . alfie careful - do you have paint on you hand ? plus , must you wear one of my good sweater to : paint in ...? nikki fpull sweater over she head } sorry , baby . she 's now topless . alfie glance down at he sweater , as it fall to the floor - with indigo paint smudge where nikki just pull it off . he sigh ... alfie all right then , gotta dash ... she slip she arm around he ... nikkei . Bet I can make it worth you while the stay ... alfie wish I couid nik , but I have get that meeting ... 92 . as nikki close the paint can and move into the kitchen , alfie turn to camera , indicate she toplessness . alfie ( cont 'd ) you know you be in trouble when a sight like this can not keep you plant . nixki begin take thing out of the fridge to prepare dinner as alfie start for the door , talking to camzra on the way ... alfie { cont 'd ) when I be a boy , St. alban 's secondary , my school , take we all on a cultural outing to observe art at some famous museum in . London . and while there -- he stop at the threshold , look back at nikki . he view nikki , toplessly cut and dice phallic vegetable with a large kitchen knife , alfie { 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ~~ I happen upon this statue of a Greek goddess , afro-diddy , I think at be , marble , with this curvaceous womanly shape and perfect chisele face . I stand , in awe of it . alfie turn from nikki back to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) finally , the teacher call at I to move along , and , as I walk past , I realize there be this huge freakin’ crack all over the goddess . ruine she for I . ( a beat ) that 's nikki , a beautiful statue , damage in a way you can not see ' till you get too close . - angle - nikki she glance up , smile at alfie . she look a little nut . alfie look to camera . 93. alfie ( cont 'd ) there 's a very unhappy end lurking somewhere in we near future . nikki wave , the huge butcher knife in she hand . alfie smile and slip out the door . ext . upscale neighborhood - late day alfie pull up on he vespa , park and lock it . he nod to a doorman , who bow as he pull the door wide for alfie . alfie elvis . int . posh apartment build - lobby - continuous alfie nod to the receptionist . a alfie ( cont 'd ) gilda . gilda welcome , Mr. elkins . enjoy you evening , sir . alfie raise a eyebrow to camera as he cress to the elevator , alfie as you can see , the lad 's move -- ( press ' up 's button} -- up in the world . int . apartment corridor - continuous alfie approach a corner door , insert a key , then glance over he shoulder to camera . alfie you ’1ll never guess who I be drop in on . int . apartment - continuous alfie enter , drop he key on the entry table . the live room - continuous 94 . italian moderne with a decide sixty influence ... a fire erackle in the fireplace , a spread of delicacy await on a well - stock wet bar . a female ' pad 's . seductive and invite ... alfie ( to camera ) wouldnt ' have believe it meself a few week back . liz glide into the room stop under a wind - blow oil painting of herseif in young day . she wear a low - cut cocktail dress and heel . alfie ( cont 'd ) the San Laurent do wonder for you décolletage . liz Big word . alfie Big décolletage . Liz laugh she throaty laugh . alfie ( cont ' D} come here immediately . he kiss she neck , give she a small smile ... liz what 's up , haby ? you be not you usual effervescent ' self . alfie just some personal stuff . wneth , really . liz do not ' nothing 's I . alfie it 's a ... a thing with a friend ... who 's kind of overstaye he welcome ... liz ( know ) it 's a lot tougher gettin’ ‘em out than gettin’ ‘em in , be not it ? alfie so , I be learn - the hard way . liz well , why not just be honest ... ( hint of innuendo ) } tell he the hotel 's under new management and he need to vacate the premise . know what I be say ? alfie look at she - alfie yes , I believe I do . liz now , come on , let 's have a drink and you can tell I the rest of you trouble . alfie {to camera} -- instead of I listen to all hers . now there 's a first . ( to liz} you be very wise , for scmeone so young . 95 . Liz love hearing this . alfie 's feel a bit more chipper , notice a tasteful floral display . alfie ( cont 'd ) secret admirer ? liz fteasing } one of many . ( kiss he ) you would never think of bring a girl flower , would you , alfie ? alfie slide he hand along she hody ... alfie it would only encourage they . Liz mmm. , . down boy . Liz give a little growl , run she fingernails across he chest , as she head for the bar . alfie watch with appreciation , turn to camera , 96 . alfte / yep , she 's someone who could mother you and rock you world . liz what 's you poison , sweetheart ? alfie Ill have a spot of whiskey , midleton rare , if you have get it ? alfie cross to the bar , talking to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) I like drop a fancy brand name now and again , let she know , she be not the only one be around ... liz ( take dewn a exotic green bottle ) why do not we make this a absinthe afternoon . alfie brilliant . ( the camera ) no idea what she 's talk about . liz you 's have have absinthe ? alfie not recently . remind I . what be it again ? liz ' the Green Fairy 's . it 's a old buropean aperitif . the french impressionist 's liquid drug of choice . Liz take down two ornate little glass and mixing utensil . liz ( cont 'd ) I pick up some of thase thing you like , the little egg thingy . alfie nibble on a egg thingy from a tray of hor do oeuvre , 97 , alfie ( to camera } I mention I fancy something once , next thing I know — — ( gesture to hor df oeuvres} ) -- it 's present to I on a silver platter . Liz begin the absinthe ritual : pour the green liquid into the small glass ... during this , alfie wander around the live room , camera following . alfie ( cont 'd ) groovy , huh ? the kind of pad I plan to own myself one day ... understate elegance with just a touch of the trendy ... he pick up a fireplace poker , stoke the fire , glance over at Liz , mixing theix drink , then continue to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) she 's a regular fashionista ... you never have to tell this one which sling - back go with which frock . he wander back toward the bar , still talk to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) own she own cosmetics company . '' Empire , actually . start out 1 do facial at some fancy salon , 1 mix up a handful of mud with a dash of papaya or something , put it on the market and next thing you know ... ( gesture around } -- all this . he return to the bar , where Liz be dousing a spoonful of sugar with absinthe ... liz this stuff be so illegal . Les smuggle I a case back from Prague in listerine bottle . she toss alfie a red folder from the bar . liz ( cont 'd ) hey , I look over you business plan ... 93. alfie and ? liz I be impressed . alfie you seem surprised . liz not at all . under all that bravado ... Liz light the spcon and watch the absinthe and sugar flame -op . . liz ( cont 'd ) -- beat the heart ofa guy who 's a whole lot smarter than he think but not nearly as cocky as he want everyone to believe . alfie ( enjoy this ) and what would we be base this on ? liz that it take one to know one . with that , she pour the flaming concoction into a glass , stir rapidly . liz ( cont 'd ) a dash of sugar to hide the bitterness . -. Liz bend forward , she top revealing the Holland tunnel , as she hand the glass to alfie . he look down at the S pablo S tattooe on she breast , then up to Liz - who 's stare directly in he eye . liz ( cont 'd ) something on you mind , sailor ? alfie just wonder if a clever tattoo artist could turn that Pablo into a alfie ... they exchange a smile , clink glass . alfie ( cont ' D} cheer . alfie chug it down and immediately lecs out a horrific gasp alfie { cont ' D} Jesus ! ( between gasp ) it 's like drink bleedin’ paint thin ! Liz laugh , downs she shot and gasp as well . the stuff be so strong . alfie plop into a chair . Liz drift over , sit on he knee . a moment , as the absinthe kick in ... alfie ( cont 'd ) ( feel the glow } be it mean to make you feel all warm go down ? liz ( kissing he ) no , darling , that 's my job . the cnly SOUND in the room - Liz 's nail scratch against the fabric of alfie 's thigh . they be very close ... liz ( cont 'd ) you know what they say .. absinthe make the heart grow fonder . alfie pat she butt as Liz cross to the bar and mix another round . he zise , really feel the effect of the absinthe , '' whoa '' ... then motion for camera to follow . alfie {sette , to camera ) check this out . he beckon we into liz' bathroom . posh . subducd lighting , huge jacuzzi tub fill with bubbles and surround by flicker candle . alfie ( cont 'd ) what about the size of this tub ? it can get a bit snug with the both ef we play around in there ... {then} . she 's have two husband . both croak . nindicate tub} ( more } 100 . alfie { cont 'd ) I have a feel , this could have be the scene of the crime . Liz appear , lean in the doorway , hold two fresh shot of absinthe . she and alfie share a stone grin ... alfie ( cont 'd ) {sotto , to camera ) I mean there have be time I have feel lucky to crawl out of this thing alive . Liz move to the tub , set they absinthe snot on the ledge , then slip out of she dress and into tke bubbles . lig come on , baby , let 's get wet . alfie talk to camera , while unbuttone he shirt . alfie she keep this up , we may be update that tattoo sooner than she think ... ext . alfie 's STREET - late at night a light rain fall on alfie stand under a street lamp , smeke and lock up at he apartment window . int . alfie 's apartment - moment later alfie , damp from the rain , let himself in , speak soft ! to camera , alfie remember how Little alfie finally get what he want for Christmas ? alfie loox around . a transformation have take place . the apartment be spotlessly clean and organize . the only chore leave undone be the half - paint indigo blue wall . Soft soul music play on the stereo . candle , illuminate a romantic table set for two , have burn low . nikki doze on the sofa . alfie sigh , turn to camera . alfie ( cont 's D} -- be careful what you wish for . he cross to the sofa and gently shake nikki . she do not budge . he shake she again and she wake with a start ... look at he for a beat , like she do not recognize he , then smile sleepily . 101 . alfie ( cont 'd ) you doze off . nikki I try wait up for you ... nsit up ) you meeting run late , huh , honey ? she stretch , stun as always . she pull it on the her voice to camera . alfie quite ... and I be knacker . but , I do want we to have a little chat ... nikki ( rise ) okay ... why do not we talk over a midnight snack ? ( crossing to kitchen ) I make roast beef and Yorkshire pudd ... that be you favorite as a ' young lad 's , right ? {gestures} and check the place out , if you please . you little girl work she fanny off . alfie everything look smash , nik. really . brilliant . ( sigh ) look ... a pan of roast vegetable out of tne oven , seus ccunter , start dish they into a bowl . nikki so , alfie ... I have be think ... will you look at this cute little potato ... I know I have be a handful lately ... but I think that have to do a lot with I feel displace and not totally trust -- dial down , as she continue talking , alfie step alfie can you believe she pick tonight . to act sane again ? this be gonna be tricky ... ( more ) alfie ( cont would ) when they xxe this vulnerable , you have get to watch you step ... you do not want ‘em swallow a handful of pill and leave a note address to you . very tricky . he step aside and nikki 's voice be diaird up nikki -- but I be as blow away as you be that something real seem to be happen between we and -- ( stop , to herself ) okay , nik , get a grip , do not bury yourself here . ( to alfie ) all right . so , cut to the chase ... I be gonna do better , I promise , I be gonna take my medication religiously from now on and everything 's gonna be easy and breezy . sound good ? ( open the oven , revealing the roast} so. come . sil . a feast await . alfie 1 , um ... I already eat , nik . nikki cover she disappointment . nikki okay . no worry . we will have leftover . I will whip up a little corn beef hash for brunch . 102 . again ... she move to he , put she hand on he shoulder and smile . nikki what 's up , alfie ? alfie nothing , it 's just ... I do not know , there 's a lot go on and I be feel a bit -- nikki step back realize something 's off . wary , a little scared ... nikki what ? cold ? distant ? remote ? she 's suddenly , 103 . alfie look , nikki , this be a complete drag ... but everything happen so quickly and ... I do not know ... I be not the best at this sort of thing ... nikki ( know exactly what he mean } what sort of thing ? alfie -- I do not know exactly how to say it ... nikkt sure you do , alfie . you have have plenty of experience dump girl . a look pass between they ... nikki cross the room , pull 's she suitcase from the closet . she set it on a chair , open it and iook at alfie . nikki ( cont 'd ) do not worry . [ I be already go . ext . STREET - high shot - night pour rain ... nikki , wear a raincoat but without a umbrella , hold she suitcase , while try to hail a cab . camera ease back to see we be over alfie 's shoulder , as he look out he window . nikki wave down a taxi and struggle with she suitcase , finally climb in and slamm the door . as the taxi disappear in the rain ... alfie 's voice ( sounding raspy - now} strange , but even when you know it have to end ... dissolve to : ext . alfien apartment build - a few week later pour rain . over , we hear alfie in a raspy voice : 104 . alfie' raspy voice -- when it finally do , you always get that inevitable twinge -- int . alfie 's apartment - same time rain streak the window . nikki 's go and the apartment be once again modest , messy and male . nikki 's presence echoed by the haif - paint indigo blue wall . camera discover alfie , sit on the edge of the sofa , shine he shoe with a corner of he comforter , a blanket drape over he shoulder . he have a cold and look the worse for wear . he glance up at camera . alfie ( raspy ) ~~ have I do the right thing ? he blow he nose into a handkerchief , pull himself up , cross to the kitchen area where a can of tomato soup be boil over the top of a sauce pan . alfie ( cont 'd ) I admit , I do miss the companionship , .. he turn off the burner and pour the soup into a coffee muc , take a sip . alfie ( cont 'd ) -- and nikki be a show-stopper . he move to he closet where he remove a sport coat from its plastic cover and sliv it on . alfie ( cont 'd ) but , as my ugly aunt gladys use to say , ' look be not everything 's . I use to think that be a load of bollix but lately I have come to believe , the old bat may have have something . he cull on he raincoat , give himself a final m-rror- check and head for the door . as he 's about to exit , he turn back to camera , alfie ( cont 'd ) one thing I do know ... you can not really take away a girl 's dream if you do not have new one to replace they with ... 195 . somewhere a church bell be ringing ... CUT to : a church spire the bell ringing . camera tilt down to the entrance , as : the church door be flung open and julie and terry bounce out with max and the teddy bear Terry give he for he birthday . they e211 hold hand in a row like a family foursome . Julie grasp a wedding bouquet and look radiant . all three be dress to the nine , laugh and seemingly burst with happiness . a small Group of Friends and family follow , milling on the church step , with hug and kiss while a photographer grab shot , during : alfie 's voice Jules have leave a phone message . it be not a invitation so much as a notification ... alfie watch from the safety of a nearby alcove , turn to camera . alfie but my curiosity get tae best of I . Julie take Terry 's lapel and pull he to she , kissing he . everyone cheer . alfie ( cont 'd ) I wish it have not . the well - wisher clap and cheer they on to hold lhe kiss . alfie { cont 'd ) you know , it 's funny but Jules use to say she could not live without I ... alfie shrug .. , such be life . he step from the cover of the alcove and catch little Max 's eye , give he a wave . Max just stand there , hugging he teddy ... either no longer remember alfie or no longer trust he ... 106 . alfie slip back out of sight as the newlyweds break and Terry pick Max up . Max throw he arm around lerry 's neck , the way he use to do with alfie . alfie watch '' the New family '' pose for picture in front of the church ... alfie 's voice I have the sudden realization that I have probably never see Jules and Max again ... alfie , hide in the shadow of the alcove , look vo camera . alfie this be follow by a very unpleasant feel in the vicinity of my heart ... he glance back for one final look , then walk away ... ext , / int . limo depot - outside wing 's office - later that day alfic onter . he hear a odd sound ... be it whimpering ? have Mrs . wing finally be push over the edge ? alfie hesitates outside wing 's office , then knock lightly , peek inside , alfie hello ? Mrs. wing , be everything -- oh ... alfie stop when he sees : wing - bent over he desk his body rack with heart - wrenching sob . alfie can not quite put it together . alfie ( cont 'd ) wing ? be you ... cry ? wing grab tissue , blow he nose loudly and wipe he swollen , red-rimme eye . wing io not cry ! get out ! alfie be you sure you 's be -~- wing -- I fine ! get out , alfie ! 107 . alfie back out , close the door , just leave he head in . alfie okay mate , I just come to see if I could borrow one of the car , I - - wing nblurt out ) -- she leave I ! alfie push the door back open . alfie ifm sorry ? wing missus go . a pause . alfie whaddya mean ? wing blossom leave I . alfie you wife 's name be blossom ? wing ( plead ) what I do wrong , alfie ? Love she ?! alfie look to camera , unbely , then : alfie look , mate , I be sure you can get she back , I mean , a woman of she age , how many option -- the stern look on wing 's face stop alfie . he change tact . alfie ( cont 'd ) woo she , send flower , write a poem . wing ( tentatively ) that what you would . do ? alfie absolutely . 108 . wing consider this for a moment , then pick up pad and pen . wing what rhyme with blossom ? alfie othink about it ) I would go with ... awesome ? wing okay . ( toss alfie a set of keys ) get lose . wing begin compose . alfie slip out while he can . ext . upstate new york - high shot - day the Black town car look out of place roll through a quiet green upstate New York suburb . a country road — day the town car drive down a bumpy , unpave road . ext . bungalow — day the town car pull into a gravel drive and park in front cf a modest , well - keep bungalow with a flourishing garden . alfie climb out , stretch . a dog bark . he reach into the town car and pull out the Red folder with he business plan . woman { 0.s. } you never cease to amaze . alfie turn as the screen door open and lonette step onto the porch . she do not seem pleased to see aim . alfie really great to see you , too , lon. ( no reaction ) guess I should have ring . lonette that would have be a plan . alfie o-kay . so. um ... {takes a beat ) look , lonette ... ( start up step , speak softly ) { more ) 199 . alfie ( cont would ) I know it 's uncomfortable see each other after -~- lowette -- you do not have to whisper , marion 's not here . alfie -- after what go down with we ..- but I miss you guy , and I think we should try to put the past be -- from inside the house , a baby cry . lonette glance over she shoulder . lonette drop by be not a good idea . alfie do I hear a baby ? lonette : alfie ... alfie come from inside you house ? lonette really ... this be not smazt . alfie what 's not smart ? what be we talk about ? the baby cry again . alfie ( cont 'd ) wait a minute , you guy ... do not have a baby ...? lonette say nothing . alfie ( cont 'd ) you do have a baby . lonette no , you be right tne first time ... alfie look at lonette , try to piece together what she 's say . he reach for the door handle . they lock eye for a momenz . 110 . int . hallway - continuous alfie mcve along the unfamiliar hall , follow the sound of the baby . int . nursery close on alfie . he step into the nursery and slowly cross to the crib ... confuse by what he see . alfie 's view a gorgeous bi - racial baby stare up at he . alfie move a little blanket aside for a better view of the baby 's face . lonette step into the nursery behind he . alfie turn to she , start to speak but somehow word will not form . lonette ( softly ) yeah ... he 's you son ... you can close you mouth now ... he look down at the baby , then back to lonette , who have tear in she eye . flashback to : ext . fantly planning clinic - day that drizzly day many month ago ... alfie glance up as the clinic door open and lonette walk toward he . alfie hurry to meet she . - alfie 's S voice and then I flashed on that day at the clinic ... alfie look in she eye . alfie 's voice ( cont ' D} -- try to look in lon 's eye ... to see if I could even begin to understand what she be go through ... but lonette turn away , avoid he gaze . alfie 's voice ( cont 'd ) and how she would not lock at I . freeze frame on lonette . over : a41 . alfie' voice ( cont 's D} and how I think I know then ... I just do not want to admit it to myself . so , classically - I say nothing . tonette ( g.8 . ) I know there be a good chance the baby could be marlan 's ... ini . nursery - the presrnt a daze alfie , hold on to the crib for support . lonette be cry softly now , she shrug ... lonette ( cont 'd ) -- I hope ... alfie be pretty much shattered ... alfie this be just a lot ... ( at a loss ) he 's healthy and everything ...? ( she nod ) that 's good . a beat . alfie ( cont 'd ) and marlon ? he stay ? lonette ( shrug ) so far ... alfie ( nod , a beat ) be there ... what can I do ...? lonette . {get real ) what be you gonna do , alfie ? she lcok at he , honestly wait for a answer . ext . bungalow ~ monent later still reeling , alfie step inte the sunlight , hceld the Red folder . he move quickly to the town car , open the door , then hear the sound of tire on gravel . 1i2. he turn to see a car pull up and park . a beat and marlon get out , hold a bag of grocery . he look across the drive at alfie . the two old friend stare at each other fer a jong moment . _ alfie marlon ... I never mean to ... marlon {ahead of alfie ) you never mean to hurt anybody . alfie start to speak ... marlon ( cont 'd ) -- but you do , alfie . lonette step onto the porch , hold the baby . alfie look from lonette back to marlon . int . town car - speed - day close on alfie , intense , drive way too fast . he come to a fork in the road , hit he brake , whip the wheel one way , then the other , finally screeching to a stop , kick up huge cloud of dust , . through the windshield alfie sit there motionless ... he pick up the car phone ... and smashes it against the windshield - shatter the glass like a spider web . he drop he head on the steering wheel - ext . country road - top shot - day Dust settling around the town car idling in the middle of nowhere , dissolve to : ext , empty beach - long shot - at sunset alfie 's voice I feel the need of a friend to talk the . Problem be ~- they be suddenly in shert supply . two distant figure walk along the shore . over : 113 . alfie -- and next thing , I '' cry ... tear run down my face , like I be a kid myself . . closer angle alfie be walk with joe , the old gvy from the doczor 's Office . Joe wear a sweater and another bolo tie . his slack be roll to he knee , and he carry he shoe and sock . joe crying for the little one ...? alfie that 's the thing ... I do not know exactly . maybe for he ... but mostly , I think , for I . {pause} and marlon ... I never have anyhody look at I quite that way before . and believe I , I have have my share of look that could kill . ( then ) and the way he stand by lon ... I could 's have never -- joe ~- you do not know what you 's 1ll do ' till you really love someone ... a beat , as this sink in ... joe ( cont 'd ) but now , what ? you gonna shoehorn yourself into the situation ? Nah , you do the only thing you could do - you behave like a gentieman . alfie I have never be accuse of that before . jor do not get all choke up , you also behave like a scheme , back - ~ stabbing , so low he can look up a snake 's asshole , son-of - a-bitch . ( then ) next time , think before unzipping . I mean , you best friend 's girl ... they continue along the shoreline until finally ... alfie all for a couple of minute pleasure on a rainy Sunday evening . joe so all right , you screw up but whaddya gonna do - run to the bridge ? ( then ) the question be - what 's gonna happen with the rest of you life ? they walk on . not much else to say . alfie stop when he spot something up ahead . he smile anc wave . alfie 's view - lu schnitman doll - up and stand cn a SMALL cliff above the water . she wave down to : alfie and joe alfie put he arm around Joe . alfi£ hey Joe , there 's somebody I want you to meet . ext . new york street — that evening a blustery night . alfie buzze through traffic on ais now bang - up vespa . he look cold and distract and a bit bedraggle . he pass a pair of true hotties on the street , do not look twice . alfie 's voice I would be lie if I do not admit the event of the past few week have knock I for a bit of a loop .... alfie notice something out of the corner of he eye , a quaint flower shop . he impulsively hang a '' u '' cause horn to blow and cabby to curse . int . quaint flower shop ~ moment later a gyay-haire , snappily - dress proprietor , be arrange be ~ chic bouquet when alfie enter , rub he hand together for warmth . 115 . alfie hullo , mate . proprietor and what can we do for you this evening ? alfie look around , see a plastic tub of pre-package bouquet . alfie how much for one of that ? proprietor five-fifty . and you will need to put they in water immediately . alfiz . right ... alfie pick a bouquet from the tub and pull out he wallet . he eye the elegant bouquet be prepare et the counter . look at he inferior offer ... alfie ( cont 'd ) on second think ... odrop flower back in tub ) -- this be sort of a. , . special thing . proprietor and what 's the occasion ? alfie say again ? proprietor for the flower ? alfie ah ... alfie be not really sure , have to think about it . proprietor ifve be in the business too many year , I have a sixth sense : proposal ? 116 . alfie no ... but ... well , I do want to extend a offer to maybe try the have a go at it for a bit , you know ...? see where it take we ... give it a spin ... that sort of thing ... proprietor ( know smile ) I get it . commitment issue . alfie nod , unamuse . proprietor ( cont 'd ) tell I what she or he be like and we all , find the appropriate bloom . alfie well she 's ... adventurous . the man pick a flower ... begin put together a bouquet . proprietor Lady of the Nile . alfie sexy , of course ... proprietor orchid . alfie a bit mischievous ... proprietor spider lily with a touch of saby Blue eye ... alfie and under it all , kind of sweet ... ext . flower shop - evening through the window , we watch alfie and the proprietor put together alfie 's bouquet with great care . ext . liz 's build - a little later alfie hold he ' lovely bouquet , pull up and park he vespa , 117 . int . corridor alfie walk down the corridor , hold the bouquet . ile slow to do a move mirror-check , then stop in front of Liz 's coor , a bit like a kid on he first date ... int . liz ’'s apartment . - foyer — continuous alfie let himself in , knocking on the door as he enter . Liz 's voice come from the bathroom . liz ( 0.8 . ) kello ? alfie move into the hall . alfie it 's I , love ! liz ( 0.8 . ) just a sec . I / x11 be right out . alfie grin , set the flower down , as Liz come out of the bathroom , tie she robe . liz ( cont ' D} ( rub she temple ) I be sorry , alfie , I be take a hot soak . I have get one of the worst migraine ever . alfie migraine ...? liz I have tell you I get this blind headache , .. you do not listen , sweetic . ( then ) how be you ? I think you be work tonight ... he move to the live room . she follow . alfie it be a bit slow , so I take the night off .... I think maybe we have wake up early and drive to the country ... check out that little B & B you be always on about . 118. liz -~ oh , honey ... I would love to , but ifve get a investor 's breakfast ... can we do it later in the week ? or how ' bout this weekend ? alfie brilliant . better. ntry for casual } all right , then ... by the way , I think you might appreciate this , he pick up the flowers , do a cute little bow . alfie ( cont 'd ) for you ... m' lady . it 's a impressive bouquet . Liz be surprised , touch . a beat . liz oh , my God , alfie ~ what a sweet gesture . wow . I be impressed . alfie and py the way , they be not from a plastic bucket ... every bud be handpick . I discover I have quite the flair for flower - arrange . liz ( laugh ) I can see that . I never would have expect ... talk about be blow away ... alfie good . Mission accomplish . alfie ( cont 'd ) I like surprising you . liz ( smile ) you have do that . for sure . she smelis the flower . this be difficult for altie . he take a step forward , she touch she head , wince slightly , he ease hack . 119 . alfie all vight , then ... get some rest . he move to the door . Liz follow . liz I 'il be better in the morning . alfie when you be , there 's something - some thing - I want we to talk about . liz what thing , honey ? alfie um ... you know what ... I would rather save it ' till you 's be a hundred percent . ( she start to speak : and that 's the last I 'il say about it for now . ( give she a peck on the lip ) Ring you in the morning . liz ( lead he to the door ) alfie ... ee turn back . she touch he asm . liz ( cont 'd ) thanks for the flower . really . they make my night . alfie smile , open the door . alfie I 'il ring you first thing .... as he 's about to step out , alfie catch sight of something in the foyer . he view - a motor -cycle jacket casually hang on a hook . back to alfie Liz have follow he look . she glance at the jacket , then lo alfie . 120 . alfie ( cont 'd ) whose be that ? alfie cross back , pick up the jacket . liz what ... ? he look at the jacket , then up at liz. liz ( cont 'd ) one of the guy that come to fix the cable probably forget -- alfie -- right . alfie shake he head , reality start to sink in ... alfie ( cont 'd ) ( gesture to bathroom ) you have get another guy in there , have not you ? Liz alfie .... alfie look heavenward . alfie God , what 's happen to I ? ( then ) do he pick you up as easy as I do ? alfie move past she and open the bathroom door . liz . alfie , do not do this . int . liz 's bathroom - continuous alfie stand in the doorway , a look of blank amazement on he face . he view - a beautiful young guy be step out of the tub , wrapping a vowel around he waist . he 's twenty - something with tousle long hair . he glance casually up at alfie . alfie stare at the Young man . Liz have move in behind he , put she hand to she face . 121. liz alfie ... I be sorry . alfie move away from the door . , . lean against the wall , he eye close .... he speak with a mixture of bewilderment and pain ... alfie why he - better than I ? what 's he get that I have not ? besides the hairdo ? . Liz look away ... alfie look directly at she now , alfie { cont 'd ) really , I have like to know . she do not want to answer . alfie ( cont 'd ) come cn - tell I , I want to know . what 's he get ? a beat . she turn to he and say honestly ... liz he 's young than you . camera hold on alfie as this word sink in ... dissolve to : dark choppy water Liz 's flowers fall through the darkness . ext . waterway 's ferry - later that evening alfie , still daze , lean over the railing , watch the flower break apart in the water . alpie 's voice ' he 's young than you . 's imagine , a woman she age tell I that . ( pause ) I gotta admit I do not see it come . yeah , she catch I off - guard all right ... he turn up he collar against the chill , look to camera . 122. alfie you could not tell though , could you ? {slight grin ) as you have learn by now , I be quite skilled at hide my feeling . camera track alfie walk along the river . he pass a young couple lean against the rail , laugh and then seriously make - out . alfie ( cont 'd ) ( to camera ) the thing about feeling be , they have this quiet way of creep up on you when you least expect it . camera drift closer to alfie , as he wander along the bridge . alfie ( cont 'd ) like with Liz . who would 's have think , out of all the bird I have know ... it would be she , the cne who , in most way , give I the least ... would end up hurt I the most ...? he force a smile ... start to speak to camera again when he notice someone come toward he through the fog . alfie 's view dorie , the woman from the beginning of we story , walk toward he . she do not seem to notice alfie , or do she quickly iook away ? alfie ( cont 'd ) hey ... ( squinting through fog ) that you , dor ? dorie walk hesitantly toward , he . dorie hello , alfie . alfie ( happy to see she ) wow. dorie - T have not see you in age . 123. dorte maybe because you stop call . alfie I know . thing be get a bit -- dorie -- do not bother explain . I be way past need excuse . alfie all right. {a beat ) ».but ... no , dor , I want to explain ... borie what ? you would have you fiil of I ? someone cuter come along ? I do not need to hear it , alfie , really . alfie look , dorie , you see , what happen with I be ... 2 ... well , it get too ... I do not know ... not close , but something like that . and then , I feel a bit ... not stifle , not trap but ... something like that ... dorie almost laugh , shake she head ... there 's something icresistible about even he confession . a beat . dorie be you do ? alfie well , do any of that make sense ? dorie I think it need to make sense to you more than I at this point . alfie faiz enough . {then} hey , I like that dress . silk ? dorie rayon . 124 . alfie oh . Weil , you look smash , as usual . ( then ) where you head ? I have get the town car park ' round the corner . dorie I be meeting phil . alfie oh , right ... phil . ( touch she dress I really do like this material . you would swear it be silk the way it cling . do wonder for you décolletage . {that grin ) of course , you always be a smart dresser . what about Tuesday then ? you up for it ? . a fog horn blare . dorie I do not think so , alfie . alfie really ? oh , c’mon , for old time sake . he take she hand in both of he and massage it with great ekill , he finger run up she arm dorte I be not sure ... maybe . but I doubt it . alfi£ if1l supply the champagne . doris we will see , I need to go . he will be wait . she start to pass , alfie gently hold she arm . alfie . so , next Tuesday ? same time ? same place ? dorie maybe , alfie . 125 . she force a smile and hurry off . after a moment , alfie turn to camera with a half a smile . alfie she will not be there . I know that . the smile fade as alfie watch another woman walk out of he life . over dorie disappear into the mist . alfie ( 0.5 . } ) { cont ' D} I warn they all from the start ... I always say something along the line of - ' I must advise you that I be stamp with a invisible advisory warning : will net commit , will never marry . 's ee turn back to camera . alfie ( cont 'd ) but in spite of all my best effort , I be beginning the feel some small crack in my faux finish ... alfie 's fleeting memories -- nikki waking alfie with a breakfast tray . he 's rumple and sleepy , she be stunningly beautiful and look at he with hope in she eye . and the tray be the one you ' rake for someone you really care for ... the single rise in a bud vase , perfect eqg , steaming cappuccino . -- liz and alfie , wear terry robe , face each other on she sofa , in front of a crackle fire , give each other pedicure . she 's a pro , he 's like a little kid with he first paint set ... -- alfie , laugh along with he friend lcnette that night at the bar ... before everything change . -- julie and max , they face glow from the candle on a birthday cake they be present to alfie . they sing '' happy birthday , dear alfie '' ... it 's the moment they love he most . back to alfie - alone on the bridge 126 . alfie { cont 'd ) you know , when I look back on my little life and the woman I have know - I think of all they have do for I and how little I have do for they . of how they care for I and how I repaid they by do my besz to avoid return the favor . ( a beat ) yeah , I use to think I be get the best of the deal . re wander along the river 's edge , camera track along . alfie ( cont 'd ) but what have I get really ? a few buck in my pocket , some decent thread , a fancy car at my disposal . and I be single . yeah ... unattach . free as a bird . high shot - the SMALL figure of alfie he waik along the embankment , he appear tiny against the vast expanse of river . alfie' voice I do not depend on nobody ~ and nobody depend on I . ( pause ) : my life 's my own . now alfie walk toward camera he stop , stare out at the darkness for a time , then look directly at camera . alfie but I do not have my peace of mind . and if you do not have that ... you have get nothing really . ( pause ) so , what 's the answer ? that 's what I keep ask myself . ( a beat ) what 's it all about ? you know what I mean ? alfie turn and look off . a little mutt , trot toward he . alfie smile , bend to pet he , the deg lick alfie 's face . 12 ?. woman 's S voice ohmygod , thanks ... he 's always run away . aifie look up and see a lovely , breathless young woman hold a leash and smile down at he . maybe it 's she s.ightly embarrassed manner , or the way she nose crinkle when she smile , or maybe it 's the way the scarf be tie european - style around she neck ... or maybe it 's just tinc ... alfie rise , hold the dog . alfie what 's , .. ( check quickly and discreetly ) -- nis name ? young woman mugsy . alfie . ( look at dog ) hello , mugsy . nlook at the girl} I be alfie . the river 's edge - high shot alfie and the breathless girl talk for a few moment , then alfie set the littie mutt down and they all walk along the river 's edge together ... and the song begin ... what 's it all about , alfie ? be it just for the moment we live ? what ' 's it all about , when you sort it out , alfie ? be we mean to take more than we give ? or be we mean to love ... alfie ...? fade out . 128.