ali written by Stephen J rivele , Christopher wilkinson , Eric roth &amp ; Michael Mann Story by Gregory Allen Howard fade in : ext . miami STREET - movement - night ( 1964 ) in the dark . come toward we . up and down in sync to a instrumental lead - in from somewhere . a slip of light . a glimpse of somebody in shadow under a sweatshirt hood , stare at we , in and out of the dark as ... int . the stage , hampton house club - empty frame - night a man walk into the shot , grab a microphone , slip out of he jacket and look at we . he want to tell we something . he 's in a lavender light . this be SAM cooke . what he call out ... a throaty mixture of gospel , soul and sex ... be " let I hear it ! " and women shriek . he say , " yeah ! " they answer , shriek , " oh , yeah ! " ... ext . miami STREET - hooded man be face - night up and down , run along a dark road in the dead of night , pass vacant lot with debris amid tree and fade building . he be cassius clay . he run in construction boot . his eye stare from under the hood . he pass the husk of a abandon car , a pastel storefront . we be in overtown , Miami 's inner-city black neighborhood . int . the stage , hampton house club ( miami ) - SAM cooke shout , " do not fight it ! we gonna feel it ! " the woman in the audience answer : " gotta feel it ! " ext . miami STREET - cassius - night now run diagonally across NW 7th intercut with cooke shouting , " yeah ! " ext . macarthur causeway - cassius - night SAM cooke' audience ( o.s. ) oh , yeah ! cassius run toward we . off to the side in the black - mirrore water of biscayne Bay , leaden cloud in a black sky . and now Sam cooke sing " ... because you make I wanna mooove ...! " and break into the first verse of " feel it . " but we see cassius ' eye be focused , concentrate , elsewhere . to where be this man run ? why be he expression so distant ? a white light suddenly hit he from behind . he look over at ... 2 . wide from the front : cassius + a metro -dade police car that 's slowed , clocking the suspicious , run black man . the driver start to pull over , to hassle cassius . then , the cop riding shotgun get a radio call . he tap the driver 's shoulder . they take off , the driver laugh . cassius look after the white cop . he be neither relieved nor angry . he 's dismissive . and , instead , he see something else ... int . a board room - gordon davidson - day and six other patrician , white business - people of louisville in they green baize and wood - panele luxo boardroom . they speak soundlessly and patronizingly to cassius clay , sr. , seat at the foot of the table . it relate to the stack of contract in front of he . he be in a suit and tie , he hair and moustache be dapper . his tie 's a little loud . he have he hand fold deferentially in front of he . lsg board member ( read ) " ... the successor trustee shall be fully authorize to pay or disperse such sum from the income or principal as may be require . " ( beat ) do you understand so far , Mr. clay ? cassius clay , sr . uh , yes , I do . we get the impression that , if he do not understand what he 's be tell , he 's fake it . he be conform , deliver socially mandate deference ... frontal : cassius , sr . and beyond he , seat against the wall , be cassius , Jr. in sport jacket and tie . right now he look to he leave and to the right , and only then do we notice the entire wall he 's against be cover with picture of thoroughbred and stud this louisville sponsor Group own as well . he be one among they sport possession . he do not like it . he look at the back of he father listen . lsg board member be you sure , sir ? cassius clay , sr . yeah . I follow you . 3. lsg board member okay . ' Cause I would be happy to explain any of this term . cassius clay , sr . no , thank you . lsg board member thank you , sir . ext . macarthur causeway - closer : cassius ' eye - night back here , now , crossing through black night and over black water of the macarthur causeway . we start to hear pop pop pop pop pop pop pop over Sam cooke 's music , and Sam cooke 's image superimpose as he segues from " feelin ' " to " bring it on Home . " and the pop pop pop pop pop carry we into ... int . the fifth STREET gym , ( miami ) - speed bag - dawn cassius ' fist fly in a reeling motion , hit the speed bag . but it 's he eye that arrest we ... focus , concentrate . over cassius ' shoulder : brown speed bag be a blur . and it slow and become a brown box glove drive in a slowed straight line right at we like a piston . over the glove , push the fist at we be sonny liston . the brown glove hit ... int . ring - a boxer ( n.d. boxer ) in a linear leave jab . this punch be watch by cassius ' eye in the fifth Street gym ... studiously study liston 's foot ... straight-line movement ... the jab , linear and straight at we . but it slam into the Boxer , not cassius . down he go . he 's out . the referee pull out he mouthpiece . it 's a bloody mess . teeth have be knock out with it , so devastating be sonny liston ... a distant crowd roar . int . ring - cassius - night very close , climb into the crush with other contender . victorious , liston , be escort out , pass very close to he on purpose to say ... sonny liston ( whisper ; low ) gonna fuck you up . gonna beat you like I 's you daddy ... to cassius , box be dangerous athletics , but liston 's malevolence be straight from the street . 4. int . fifth STREET gym - cassius ' eye see ... int . church - the back of he father' head work . he 's painting a mural . it 's the face of white jesus with blue eye and blonde hair . cassius , sr .'s eye painting ... eye of 12 - year-old cassius , jr. watch white Jesus go up on the negro Baptist Church in louisville become ... int . fifth STREET gym - cassius ' eye watch now ... int . a CITY bus - watching - day the back of he own head move through a tunnel of white face , hold he mother 's hand , pass the balloon face of nice white passenger , teenager in athletic sweater go to high school , some child , all seat . moving through to the rear of the bus where , stand , be black woman , heavyset with heavy leg , and middle - age black man with large , rough hand , crowded on they way to the day 's labor or domestic job in the back of the bus . 12 -year-old cassius look at a newspaper be refold by one man in front of he face ... cassius ' Pov : louisville courier : emmett till publish nationwide , it show he gouge - out eye , the barb wire noose around he neck , the mutilation to he face because at 14 year old he wink at a white girl in Alabama . cassius , JR . be freeze by the image . it will haunt he for most of he life . the man hold the paper see the boy 's fear and push the paper out at he as a rough joke . cassius react . then , the man rise and offer he seat to odessa . then someone shout ... angelo dundee time ! int . fifth STREET gym - cassius past he a short man in a white shirt , angelo dundee , have enter with a fold newspaper under he arm . 5 . and cassius -- elsewhere -- slam the speed bag with a right hook , and the bag become ... int . the masjid al ansar -mosque - cassius - day ( miami ) in black glass , lean against a wall . malcolm X ( o.s. ) ... and that of you who think you come here to hear we tell you , like this negro leader do , that time will get better and we shall overcome someday , I tell you : you come to the wrong place . malcolm X be at the podium . ceil fan . we could be in tripoli . malcolm X ( cont 'd ) ' Cause you time will never get better until yo make they better . and any of you who think you come here to hear we tell you to turn the other cheek to the brutality of the white man and the establish system of injustice in this country , to beg for you place at they lunch counter , I say again ! you come to the wrong place . and cassius be there in a black shirt , stand in the back . malcolm X see he , nod ... the casualness attest they familiarity be close and extensive ... malcolm X ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) ' Cause we do not teach you to turn the other cheek . we do not teach you to turn the other cheek in the South . we do not teach you to turn the other cheek in the North . the honorable elijah Muhammad teach you , instead , to obey the law . to carry yourselves in a respectable way . and a proud afro-american way . but at the same time ... we teach you ... that anyone who put he hand on you ? do you best ...to see he do not put he hand on any ... body ...else ... again . 6 . int . fifth STREET gym - luminous hoop - morning whopwhopwhopwhopwhop...as first ray of golden light illuminate the jump rope spin effortlessly over he head in a blur . Dust dance in light through the two dirty window with box glove and " fifth Street gym " paint on they . it 's that time of day Jack Johnson call the " fighter 's hour , " " ... between the night and the light ... " ...whopwhopwhopwhopwhop ... and angelo dundee put on a pot of coffee . he wash he hand in a dirty sink , thoroughly drying they . alert and clean , he 's old school . he go back to the edge of the ring , read he newspaper . now , crossing past the white window be drew " bundini " brown . he take a orange out of he pocket , sit on a bench , silently peel it ... as cassius " walk " the rope , jump up and back . angelo dundee ( approve ; past newspaper ) yeah . like that , daddy . do not jump in one place . bad for the heart . that 's the most important thing . ( without look ) time ! cassius drop the rope where he stand , and walk off as Sam cooke ... int . the hampton house club - SAM cooke segues into " bring it on Home " and woman in the front row reach out for he . the heat between cooke and they be palpable . the first row be go crazy as ... int . fifth STREET gym - cassius sit into we frame , glisten with sweat , direct through tortuous calisthenics by the hand of Luis sarria . angelo dundee time !!! int . hampton house club - high + wide frontal : SAM cooke be sweat . the place be rock as ... int . the ring , fifth STREET gym - cassius ' eye - day alive , sparring . but cassius never throw a punch ... he jerk back , slide away , a inch away from be hit . he circle in a movement that seem off - balance and then become fluid and change rate , fake out where you think he will be . his sparring partner throw a jab that miss and 7. follow with a hook . cassius slip it by a inch . enter the gym , now , be gregarious dr . ferdie pacheco with a young , afro would howard bingham , who start photograph while luis sarria look at we . none of the gather crowd , the great " corner " in box , break he concentration . he 's in he zone . we be in the ring . cassius , trance - like , hand down , circle and slip in no predictable way as ... int . a limousine - now cassius be - day zenn out in slo - mo on the way somewhere in a suit and tie . people on the Miami street drift by . the slow - move limo float on its soft suspension through the pastel heat of Miami . while Sam cooke ... int . hampton house club - SAM cooke drive to the big climax of " bring it on Home to I ...! " counter to the limo 's extreme calm as Sam cooke 's medley end and ... int . a hallway , the miami convention CENTER - cassius - day in a terry - cloth robe , walk faster and faster as dundee and bundini , bingham and he camera , Pacheco and rudy race to keep up . and as cassius slam through a door into a large room ... int . the weigh - in room , miami convention CENTER - cassius - day explode : cassius / bundini ( shout ) float like a butterfly ! sting like a bee ! rumble , young man , rumble . aaaaaaargh ! cassius sonny liston : you be not no champ ! you a chump ! ( beat ) you want to lose you money , bet on sonny . he know I be great . he will go in eight ! 500 press , promoter and box people turn and stare ! cassius ( cont 'd ) what you lookin ' at , you ugly bear ?! liston a tree trunk in box short , can not wait to pull apart this kid . 8. cassius ( cont 'd ) c'mon , bum . I whup you right here ! cassius push past people and leap at sonny ! he want to rumble right now . bundini , rudy , dundee , liston 's handler struggle to keep they apart , wrestle cassius onto the scale . a man ( read ) ...210 ... cassius clay weigh 210 pound . cassius ( change down ) you sure you get that right ...? the man nod . cassius get off , be pull aside . and liston get on : unremitte stare of death at cassius ... the man 218 . sonny liston ... the heavyweight champion of the world weigh 218 pound ... bundini pound of what ?! and cassius go off again ... cassius pound of ugly ! he so ugly , sweat run backwards off he forehead to get away from he face ! c'mon , bear ! I turn you into a rug !! rumble right now , man ! he 's restrain by angelo and bundini . sonny liston ( low ) keep talkin ' , punk -ass faggot ! I will fuck you up like I 's you daddy ... handlers break it up and hustle liston out of there . cassius you whup I , I will crawl out of the ring on my knee and catch the next jet plane out of the country . jimmy cannon ( older reporter ) that a promise ? 9 . laughter . cassius ( to Jimmy cannon ) ... you be the first eatin ' he word ! a Doctor clap a cuff around cassius ' arm , take blood pressure . the doctor ( alarmed , to Pacheco ) 210 over 110 ?! I can not let he in the ring in this condition ! reporter ( shout ) liston say he will talk with he fist . " lip from louisville . " ( laughter ) ...odd 7:1 against you . Big bet 's whether he will knock you out in the first round or third round or kill you altogether . you scared of he ? cassius I be scared of no man . I give sonny liston talk lesson , box lesson and fall down lesson . cannon / other yeah , sure . be you a Black Muslim ? Pat putnam in the Miami Herald say ... cassius " Black Muslim " 's a press word ... dundee 's defensive , fast ... angelo dundee man 's religion 's he own business . what kinda question 's that ? reporter / howard cosell do he hate white people ? malcolm X be in town . then he leave . be that so he would not embarrass you ? liston can not stand you ... angelo dundee ( see ) Howard ! 10 . howard cosell ... can not stand you , cassius . he really want to kill you ... howard cosell be bald , tall , forty , lug a tape recorder . cassius Howard cosell , you be a instigator ! ( cosell smile ) how you get that way ? when I be do with liston , I be comin ' for you ! dundee use that to end the conference before it stray into " Black Muslim " territory . meanwhile on the way out ... doctor ( to Pacheco ) it do not come down , I cancel this fight . you call I in a hour with he blood pressure . ext . / int . miami rental house - dr . pacheco - day past guard , bundini , press , start to enter . Inside , clay 's on the sofa , in he underwear , watch " the man with the X - Ray eye , " who have the power to imbue and control from beam emitted from he eye . dundee and bingham hang out . cassius ' mind be elsewhere . his eye float to the corner of the doorway before we see Pacheco , even though from the outside , have start to enter ... ext . cassius ' rental house , backyard - corner of house - day ( miami ) nothing . cassius be asleep in a lounge chair ... incongruously a tv be run from the house by a extension cord . cassius wake . his eye say , " who be you ? " bundini ( enter ) I be call bundini , rhyme with houdini . he be a Jew , too ... some other people call I fastblack ... or daddy Mac ... Drew " bundini " Brown , early forty , hold a hat in he hand , he eye always seem to be glisten , ready to rage , laugh or cry , tentatively approach . cassius ' flat eye return to the television . 11 . bundini ( cont 'd ) ( motion at lounge chair ) Shorty send I to sugar Ray Robinson . I give my power to sugar Ray for seven year , give he my voodoo , my magic . now Shorty send I to you . cassius who Shorty ? bundini I call he Shorty ' cause he like them circumcise . original people . like mose . and I be a babe in a basket , too . I be bear on a doorstep with a note ' cross my chest that read , " do the best you can for he , world . " I have to suck the first nipple come along . I do not run away from home ... I be runnin ' to home . cassius should kick he out , but bundini 's get he foot in the door of cassius ' attention . bundini ( cont 'd ) ( beat , and he raison d'être ) now , I gotta ask you . you fixin ' they fight ? else no way you could tell great archie Moore what round you droppin ' he in ... all of they prediction you make , comin ' true . never hear of nobody predictin' the round like you . you either a phony or Shorty 's in you corner . tell I the truth , young man ... cassius , stretch out , mumble without look at he ... cassius ... I study every fight . ' til I get a plan . wear he down two through four . Drop he in the fifth round . so the p'diction be not a p'diction . it 's a plan . and ' cause of all the poppin ' off I do , I know I gotta win ! that 's the truth . and why I be tellin ' you ? 12. bundini ' Cause I be gonna be you inspiration . you motivator . in you corner . can I be in you corner , young man ? cassius ( think , then ) yeah ... bundini ( inexplicably move , cover ) ai not spend much time in Miami . where the water ? cassius have drift off , back to watch tv . what he see as he eye close be : int . miami rental house - pacheco the blur of Pacheco take he blood pressure . now cassius look and he shaman , bundini , enter . pacheco 120 over 80 ? ( be : he blood pressure ) you should be asleep ... the weigh - in episode be a act . we take a different measure of this man . Pacheco sit next to cassius and eat some of he potato chip . int . miami convention CENTER , a dressing room - hand - early evening be wrap . cassius ' shirt be off , sit on a bench in the dress room ... the ritualistic tradition , have he hand tape . dundee expertly do it . in the background , bundini , Pacheco , bingham , rudy and two Men in dark suit , someone from liston 's camp , and a State box Inspector watch . then , the door open for malcolm X , in a dark suit , thin tie . cassius light up . dundee be do . the box Inspector sign the tape . then , dundee put on glove and lace they while ... cassius when you get back ? malcolm X just now . I be front row , seat 7 . rudy I be gonna find Mom and dad . 13. cassius you could have stay . nobody gotta hide when they with I . malcolm X nothing wrong with be cool , my brother . you be work toward this moment for four year . angelo dundee ( while tie ) he 's right . dundee turn away to tear two strip of tape while cassius and malcolm face into a corner . sarria throw a towel over cassius ' shoulder . arm bent , head down , a true believer , he silently stand in prayer , bow to the east with malcolm . during this , dundee start collect he cut gear on table . malcolm X it 's a crusade in modern time . and television be beam if off telstar to the whole world . so Allah have bring this about for a reason ... ( time to leave ) salaam alaikum , my brother ... and as he go , leave we , not cassius , incomplete , cassius return to dundee , who tie glove and put tape over the knot . the Inspector sign that , too . int . a corridor , cassius - night a door slam open . cassius come along the hallway , he entourage surround he . Three large middle - age white official accompany he , too . his face be set in stone . White towel be drape over he head onto he shoulder . bundini chirp in he ear . dundee , like a plumber , carry the tool of he trade ... a bucket , he swab and vaseline . and they seem distant to cassius . they reach the end of the corridor , and against the wall stand three or four older bad cigar guy . a curtain ... the sound from the arena drift into the hallway . cassius be on he toe now , dance , dance . and as if be draw by a force we can not see , he just go ... he entourage , as if hold on , carry along by he ... int . the miami convention CENTER - night he come into the hall ... there be shout , some scattered applause , some boo , grow ; and the sound move through the arena ... the sound of expectation , ridicule , potential 14 . violence . but past the face and the press , what 's arrest cassius ' attention and make he oblivious in he solitude to all else be the bright 20 - by- 20 - foot place he want to be most in all the world : the ring . int . the ring - cassius - night be strike by the brilliance . illuminate , ready to go ... dance ... warming up . counter to a expectation of anxiety , cassius can not wait to get this on . other sound happen ... irrelevant to he ... and now the distant sound of liston come into the ring ... he bulk - up presence , the roar he inspire , somewhere over there . and all of a sudden , cassius turn to face the angry man who wish he death . cassius rock leave and right , like a tough kid on a corner ready to rumble . the hysteria act be go ; so be the boast . instead , there be only cassius ' stare . the effect be enigmatic : what be go on here ? a referee , like a distant bird , say something we do not hear ... in the corner , he foot float , wait . there 's the bell for round one . int . ring - round one - wide it start . liston right away throw a leave that miss and attack cassius , throw seven more that cassius with extreme , awkward caution evade . he be fearful of the monster whose punch he have yet to feel . nevertheless , he do he job : measure liston 's range and speed . then , a body shot catch he above the heart . cassius feel the real power of liston . it could stop you heart 's beat . he survive . then ... cassius throw he long leave jab . it keep liston at a set distance . he have liston 's range , now , and he dance away from liston 's charge . then , halfway through the round , cassius ' eye have hunt out a opportunity , and he throw he first combination with a few hard shot that , to liston 's surprise , rock liston 's head back . and , then , cassius easily evade ... liston be furious big miss to the leave and right . 15 . cassius keep tagging liston with he long leave . and , now , infuriate liston even more by merely walk away from liston 's big miss , provoking even wilder and more inaccurate liston assault . ( we be aware that any liston shot could knock out cassius if it connect . ) then cassius soak up a couple of body shot , most flick he jab , slide , dance , clinch , circle away ... until ... at the end of the round cassius launch a second combination , slam a couple of big left liston 's way that rock he head back two time . liston 's so furious , he flip , charge cassius , who hit and duck at the same time . the bell ring three time before they stop . clay's corner - cassius breathes hard . dundee work . cassius say something we can not hear . cassius he be suppose to kill I . well , I be still alive . angelo be talk to clay a mile a minute , while clay mug a open mouth ... to the press , ridicule they accusation he be all talk . it 's clear he control round one to everyone 's surprise . the bell . int . ring , round two - cassius + liston we see press with typewriter , ribbon , microphone , note pad ; massive tv camera hang on platform over two of the corner . it 's a desultory , lower - key version of round one . and ... bird be nest tv camera + media coverage segues to liston , who throw and miss a few left . cassius tag he with a few rights . the bell . cassius literally amble into the corner . sonny'' corner : he two trainers liston 's get a lot of strident advice . the bell . 16 . int . ring , round three liston' left come in like a freight train . cassius merely lean away to avoid liston , circle and now snap off a flurry and open a CUT under sonny'' left eye . then , he split out of there . announcer ( at ringside , on radio ) he 's open a cut on liston . liston 's never be cut ! and cassius , seize opportunity , hit liston with more combination . if cassius win round one , probably but not certainly win round two , he now demonstrate he owns round Three . it 's a symphony of classical cassius clay footwork , flicked jab that confuse , and , then , hard -hitting combination that rock the presumably immovable liston . no one tell sonny that cassius could hit . and , at 210 pound , he hit hard . liston , angere , panicked , know he 's lose and go after cassius and miss wildly as the bell end round Three ... int . clay's corner - clay stand a moment before he sit . extremely close : cassius clay breathe heavily , ignore the stool and dundee and bundini , look around . this be what it's like to be 22 , to be cassius clay , to be on top of you game and to be about to own the world . he look over the crowd . only then , turn and sit ... cassius ( to dundee ) he 's nothin ' to I ... the genius of cassius ... cassius ( cont 'd ) and he know it ... int . liston' corner - cornerman slip a vial of some medicant from he pocket and rub it into liston 's shoulder . int . ring - round four the bell ring . clay pepper liston with jab . liston poke he leave at cassius , try to reach he . they feint , 17 . circle . liston get he leave into cassius ' face . it 's more a poke than a shot . close : cassius blink back something ... we be not sure what . it seem to go away . then it 's back . the fight continue ... wider : cassius dominate . they clinch . they break . this time cassius violently blink he eye ! something 's wrong ! cassius ... my eye ! a knife- like pain . he can not see . he 's get beat up . he 's in trouble . the bell . int . ring , cassius ' corner - cassius sit . cassius ( shouting ) my eye ! I can not see ... something ' in my eye ! dundee feverishly wash water to get the irritant out of cassius ' eye . int . arena a buzzer sound , warning the bell 's come for round five . now cassius stand , say ... cassius ( he glove ) cut them off ! cut them ! I be blind . the bell . dundee 's still in the ring . angelo dundee no . you quit , it 's over ! get out there . be a yardstick . this be the big one , daddy . get out there and run ! he literally push cassius into the ring . int . ring - round five - liston rush clay . he know this be he chance . cassius try to tie liston up by hold onto the back of he neck , but 18. liston pound leave and right hook . if anybody wonder if clay could take punishment , this answer that . wham - wham - wham-wham-wham ... five huge hook . liston be desperate to end it while cassius be in trouble . haymaker after haymaker ; some connect , other be block but knock clay sideways . clay , still blind , keep back and dance . closer : cassius ' eye with a minute leave , now , he see better . liston throw he into a corner , still try to put he away . but , he can not , and liston 's energy seem to deflate once he know that . the bell . int . ring , cassius ' corner - cassius ' eye be clear . in 60 second he recover he energy . he 's ready . bell . int . ring - round six - cassius can not wait to get out . he shuffles . he circle . he fire combination . in the early round , provoke by cassius , liston 's anger cause he to abandon he fight plan . now , have be prove futile , liston 's confidence be go . he 's leave with nothing . psychologically and athletically , liston be defeat . the bell . liston 's eye contemplate the inevitable : face nine more round of this . int . ring , cassius ' corner - between round - as cassius wait for the seventh-round bell . howard cosell ( do color radio commentary with Les kelter 's blow - by-blow ) ... clay , a round ago , look like he would about have it , but in round six ... then cassius , know before anybody else , suddenly rise as if on wing . both arm be in the air ... follow by a roar from the crowd ... howard cosell ( cont 'd ) ( realize , scream ) sonny liston be not come out ! wait a minute ! wait a minute ! sonny liston be not come out ! and we can see liston still sit on he stool in he corner , spitting out he mouthpiece . 19 . howard cosell ( cont 'd ) the winner ... and the new heavyweight champion of the world be cassius clay ! cassius jump onto the rope in the corner , rail the crowd : cassius I upset the world ! I be the great ! I be the great ! all hell break loose ... cassius ( cont 'd ) ( to press ) eat you word ! eat you word ! Howard cosell , the first to climb into the ring , be on he ... howard cosell what make he so easy for you ? cassius I tell you . do not I tell you ? bundini give he a comb . cassius comb he hair . howard cosell be there any single point you know you have he ? and he see malcolm leave he seat ... they look at each other . malcolm 's huge smile . cassius I have he in the first round . ' Cause I be the great ! ( and see at ringside , call he up ) Sam ... hey , Sam ! let he up . and Sam cooke climb into the ring . cassius ( cont 'd ) I be the great ! and he the great rock and ' roll singer . Sam cooke ! I want everybody to bear witness . ( they embrace ) I shook up the world ! do not have a mark on I ! I be burn . I be blind . I be the prettiest thing that ever live . I shook up the world ! I shook up the world ! 20 . as Sam cooke embrace cassius ... int . elijah muhammad' house , live room - wide - night a small older man with fine feature , elijah muhammad , the messenger , sit on plastic -cover furniture in he expensive live room . with he be a expressionless man who , literally , never smile , in a tailore dark suit . he 's joseph 13x . as elijah Muhammad , the head of the Nation of Islam , contemplate cassius ' victory -- like everyone else in America , he 's surprised . int . the miami beach convention CENTER - pay phone - night gordon davidson be from the louisville sponsor Group , stand in the chaos with another partner and odessa and cassius , sr.... gordon davidson ... I do not care what should have be order ! we need a victory party right now . ( pause ) I get national press , the family , the champ , all kind of folk ... ( beat ) 250 to 300 . yes . int . the sir JOHN nightclub - SAM cooke - night sing " feel it . " it 's pack with elate people . outside , celebration spill out onto the street ... car honk ... ext . / int . hampton house villas - close on cooke as he cross - night through the club , with lot of partygoer , pick up chesterfield from the cigarette girl and go out by pool , around which we see woman at table in cocktail dress and good-look man . most of the room ' door be wide open , couple drink , celebrate ... radio play out into the Floridian night . int . the ballroom , the roney plaza HOTEL - gordon davidson - night and other of the louisville sponsor Group in a crowd of predominantly white people , drink free drink at the hastily arrange victory party , wait . sportswriter ... Jimmy cannon , Red Smith . cassius , sr. be there . they all wait . no sign of cassius . " where 's you boy ? " a young New York Times sportswriter , ROBERT lipsyte , be there as well . he look like he do not belong ... he clothes be only perfunctorily conventional , and he 's a generation young . 21 . int . hampton house HOTEL room - SAM cooke - night enter and close the door and greet malcolm X , in a white shirt , no tie , and cassius , eat ice cream in a pool of light from the tv . malcolm 's wife , Betty shabazz , come out of the kitchenette . a little girl run from the bathroom back to cassius . the girl plop into he lap with much familiarity , so we understand cassius be family and have be for a while . he 's not at the fontainebleau or the roney Plaza . it say cassius ' sense of himself be more about what 's next than what he do tonight . girl why 's he so scared ? malcolm X man , look at that guy run ! cassius feed the girl some ice cream . cassius the mummy ! " I can not get away from the mummy ! " yeah , but that mummy too slow to catch anybody . SAM cooke hey ! the mummy always get he man ... cassius no , he do not ! ( to kid ) now , do not believe that stuff on television ... laughter from the outside . cassius look . he 's not draw to all the party . malcolm take a picture with he contax . through the door enter Jim Brown . Jim embrace malcolm and Betty , Sam cooke , and congratulate the new champ and help himself to food . int . the hampton house HOTEL room , 1964 - night , later the room 's near dark . Soft sound from outside . a laugh . a snatch of music . malcolm 's child be asleep on a cot . and we see cassius have fall asleep on the sofa . a bedsheet be over he . malcolm and Betty , sit at the table in the kitchenette , quietly talk ... a intimate laugh ... partner . and as cassius , the new heavyweight champion of the world , spend the first night of he reign asleep at " home " with this family ... 22. ext . 125 th STREET + 7th avenue - cassius , malcolm + a crush of people ( new york , 1964 ) - day suddenly we're in harlem . the street be jamme . make they crazy , cause a riot , come down the sidewalk , look like a rock - and - roll star in a black leather jacket , be cassius clay and in a overcoat and hat , malcolm X . they own this day on 125th Street . ext . michaux book shop - people - day engulf they . people be they army . the sea of people press close to they heroes ... reach out to touch the champ , share a joke , laugh . a girl run up to hug cassius and run off . we catch a glimpse on the periphery of Joseph 13x . Seven or eight reporter , black and white , and still photographer and bingham , half with cassius , half photographer in privileged position . a reporter the people look to you . do you plan on be a people 's champ , like Joe Louis ? cassius ( tentative ) yeah . I go to be a people 's champ ... ( beat ) but not like Joe Louis , exactly ... a reporter ( start ) Mr. clay ...? and cassius drop it on they ... cassius and I be not clay . clay 's the name of the people who own by ancestor . I do not want to be call after that slave name no more . so I be " X . " cassius x. and I be a member of the Nation of Islam . the honorable elijah Muhammad be my spiritual guide . malcolm X be my mentor . this be hard news ! reporter ( all at once ) you a card - carry member ? be not Black Muslims a hate group ? 23. cassius ( droll ) " Card -carry " ...? do not need no " card . " you get a Christian card ? 750 million people believe in Islam . I be one of they . another reporter ( o.s. ) Minister malcolm ... what about the report of a split between you and elijah Muhammad ? joseph 13x : we read he face listen to malcolm . malcolm X this be the champ 's time . and I be here as a friend to celebrate he victory . so I get nothing you want ... cassius I be go to be a people 's champion . but I do not have to be the way you want I to be . I be gonna be what I want . and I be free to think any way I want ... and , as he go on , the crowd know neither cassius nor malcolm will ever turn they back on they . ext . the HOTEL theresa - malcolm - night enter into the street with he bodyguard and look up to a top -floor window in which he see a light be still on at 4 a.m . int . the HOTEL theresa , cassius ' room - cassius - before dawn asleep with the television on . there 's a knock on the door . barely awake , he get up to answer it . it 's malcolm . still in he familiar hat and overcoat . he have not sleep ... malcolm X I be leave , see the light on ... how come you be up ? cassius ( mumble , half - asleep ) ... watchin ' a show on termite ... they knockin ' down this house , here . he go back to lay on the bed . malcolm look out the window ... the wet street at night . 24 . malcolm X I be invite to speak at ibadan University in Nigeria . c'mon with I ? cassius six million in you house and you do not know it . where ? malcolm X Africa . you be there ? cassius Africa ? no. only Rome . yeah , man , let 's go ! malcolm X nkrumah stay with I when he be a student in New York , so we will stop in Ghana ... cassius when we leave ? malcolm X next Thursday . malcolm 's distract . he finger he glass . cassius ( see ) what be it ? malcolm X you ever be so angry ... have you ever be so angry that you would explode ? cassius ( after a beat ) tore out a picture of emmett till when I be little . could not take my eye to it ... could not look at it . barb -wire around he neck to a 75 - pound cotton - gin fan . take out he eye . the cruelty to it ... I could not look at it ... could not throw it away . malcolm X what else ? 25 . cassius I think , " what I do wrong to be so low that people could do that to people like I ? " it make I feel ashamed . and that make no sense . but that 's what it be . malcolm X ... when I hear about the four girl bomb in the 16th Street Church in Birmingham ? ( beat ) the prohibition of the honorable elijah Muhammad prevent I from speak my voice in action . because Birmingham be part of the civil rights movement , begging for a place at the white man 's table ... but dead child ... be dead child . so the anger I feel , I have to contain . I lock that down ! so tight my muscle seize . I lose control over the right side of my body . leg do not work ... right arm do not work . " I be have a stroke , " I think . I have to hold it in ' cause I want , all I want be to break something ! break a part ... any part of this system . because you be so provoke as a human be . in you spirit . in you heart ... at the death of child . but I could do ... nothing . cassius be quiet . malcolm X ( cont 'd ) ( put he glass back on ) everyone know ... now I be advocate more direct political action involvement with the international struggle ... so elijah Muhammad have suspend I as a Minister in the Nation of Islam for 90 day . cassius you can fix that ... malcolm X I do not know . I will try when we get back . until then I will live each day as if I be already dead . 26 . that statement surprise cassius , but he say nothing . malcolm X stand by the window and watch the day begin in harlem . int . elijah muhammad' house , chicago , 1964 - joseph 13x - day approach cassius in a suit and tie and beckon he into a live room in which sit elijah Muhammad on a plastic - cover white sofa . cassius be at he most deferential , awed at be in this man 's presence . elijah 's power be the inverse of he size . he 's short and delicate-feature . he motion for cassius to sit beside he . Joseph 13x sit across the room with two man . elijah muhammad only after long service and high merit in the spiritual and physical rebirth of afro-american people ... be one grant a original name . but you be special . a world champion . so there be a gift I wish to give you . from this day forward you will be know as Muhammad Ali ... which mean " one worthy of praise , " and Ali mean " most high . " cassius ( a beat , sounding it ) Muhammad ali. ( humble ) " Worthy of praise ... " thank you ! and he 's genuinely move . as elijah Muhammad put he small hand in Muhammad Ali 's hand ... give he he blessing ... elijah muhammad ( caution ) be very careful what you say ... you word reflect on the nation of Islam , now . cassius yes , sir . elijah muhammad ( after a beat ) up until now , I have entrust you spiritual development to brother malcolm . ( beat ) I do not feel this be a wise course anymore . 27 . extremely emotional about malcolm , tear come to elijah Muhammad 's eye . Joseph 13x observe in the background . cassius be take by surprise at " the Messenger " 's display ... elijah muhammad ( cont 'd ) malcolm have go off into the secular world and do not measure he word . I have decide to give you , as you guide , my very own son , Herbert Muhammad . and he look across the room ... a roly - poly man wear a bow tie ... herbert muhammad . he have a habit of nervously straighten he shirt . a seemingly mild , pleasant man , he be without self - definition . below this avuncular surface , he define himself by quietly desire and acquire what be other ' . elijah muhammad ( cont 'd ) Herbert will supervise all of you spiritual and material need . cassius ( not a think ) this be a great honor , Messenger ... elijah give a subtle look and Herbert retreat to where he come from , sit back on the couch by Joseph 13x ... ext . the clay house , louisville , 1964 - evening we have enter mid-scene . cassius clay , sr . why you want to change ? a neighbor ( v.o. ) ( to Ali ) could we get a picture with you ? ( to cassius , sr. ) you mind , Mr. clay ? a neighbor family come to stand beside ali. cassius , sr. step aside . cassius clay , sr. , a sport , a flamboyant man , be impatient . Inside , odessa clay and brother , rudy , be talk . cassius clay , sr . what 's wrong with the lawyer and manager you get ? 28 . a neighbor one more . ( click ) thank you . cassius clay , sr . yeah , yeah ... they leave . cassius clay , sr . ( cont 'd ) you get ... I get you the best white man I could find . right here in l'ville ... ali when the contract run out . I want black lawyer and manager . chauncey eskridge on North La salle Street ... cassius clay , sr. ( angrily ) they save you from the gangster , from the jackal and the hyenas of box . never cheat you . protected you with a trust fund ... ali I do not need no " protectin ' " from myself . why I need protect from myself by they ...? cassius clay , sr . and now I get to go tell they , " piss off . cassius do not want you around no more . " ali I be not one of they thoroughbred ! or they charity thing . " let 's do something ' for that well - behave color boy , cassius . " I be not well - behave nothing ! I be a man . the light start to go ... porch light start to come on ... ali ( cont 'd ) and I be not cassius . I change my name . I be Muhammad Ali , now . cassius clay , sr . you what ? 29 . ali that 's right . cassius clay , sr. ( stunne ) what ? what 's wrong with ... we name , my name ...? we be ... we make you . we ... ali no one " make I " ... cassius clay , sr . no bow -tie- wearin ' , arab-talkin ' nigger gonna change that ... ali ( anybody 's son ) I make I . ( adamant ) no one 's in that ring but I ! cassius clay , sr . you do not know who you be ... ali I know who I be not ... I be not drinkin ' ! goin ' back on my wife ! I be not prayin ' to no blue -ey , blonde-haire Jesus . I be not ... cassius clay , sr . paintin ' blue -ey , blonde-haire jesus and sign on car be what put steak and vegetable in you , clothes on you ... odessa clay ... dinner ! and we realize it have get too dark to see ... cassius clay , sr. ( cold ) go ahead ! bitter silence . cassius clay , sr . ( cont 'd ) go ahead . cassius , sr. walk off ... he back arched too straight , try to hold he pride together . 30 . odessa clay you do not get it from I ... you word , you sense of humor , what make you angry , what make you a fighter . you get that from you daddy ... ali you say I be just like he ? odessa clay I be say , if he be you age today , he would do the same as you . and he know that . and odessa go back inside . int . malcolm' house , kitchen ( queen , new york ) , 1964 - night we see malcolm at work at the kitchen table . it 's cluttere and small . the telephone ring ... one of he child ( over ) daddy ... for you ... malcolm get it . joseph 13x ( v.o. ) brother malcolm ... malcolm X what be it , Joseph ? joseph 13x ( v.o. ) the honorable elijah Muhammad have give the Muslim name , Muhammad Ali , to cassius x. Herbert Muhammad 's be place in charge of he training , instead of you . ( and ultimately ) Muhammad Ali will not be travel with you to Africa . malcolm 's still . he 's be co-opt . joseph 13x ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the honorable elijah Muhammad have ask I to inform you you suspension have be extend indefinitely . Joseph 13x hang up . malcolm quietly close the door . malcolm dial a number . no answer . 31 . Betty have come in . they exchange a look . betty shabazz ( concerned for she husband ) malcolm ? malcolm X ( after a beat , disconsolate ) cassius will not be come to Africa ... not with I . she put she hand on malcolm 's shoulder . betty shabazz go anyway . do not put it off . it 's not safe here . one of he child ( over ) ( call ) mommy ... the bath 's ready ... CUT to : int . ghana AIR DC -8 cockpit - ali - night in first class on a " Ghana Airlines " flight to Africa . Close by be Herbert Muhammad . Howard bingham and Ali 's brother , rudy , be across the aisle from he , asleep ... the plane bump in choppy air . Muhammad , unable to sleep , a nervous flyer , get up . he wander up the aisle to the front of the plane . a stewardess come out of the cockpit . Muhammad slow , startle by the pilot . both pilot and copilot be black . ali ( joke ) hey , man , where they put the real pilot ? what you doin ' up here ? pilot ( not understanding ; british accent ) I be ... the pilot . he 's the copilot ... ( move map case ) here , Mr. clay , sit down ... ali no , man , I mean ... in l'ville , when I grow up , they barely let black folk drive bus . 32 . Ali look out the window ... a new day downs over the land . then bingham show up over Ali 's shoulder . they all pose , face the rear of the cockpit . then , the Pilot point to the coast below they and the sunrise ... the pilot here we be . cote d' ivoire ... Africa . CUT to : ext . build in cairo - cable - day ( egypt ) snake out a building . cam follows it and we hear ... betty shabazz ( v.o. ) we should think of a name , malcolm ... int . cairo build - wide : hallway - day marlin thomas -- paunchy , grey , late 40' -- walk up the stair carry take - out food . malcolm X ( v.o. ) how about gamilah or khalilah ? int . cairo empty apartment - marlin thomas - day cross to another american wear headphone in the glass - in balcony where the cable connect to a portable tape-recorder . marlin thomas ( eat ) anything ? the man ...on the phone with he wife . she 's have a hard time sleep ... baby 's kick a lot ... marlin thomas motor Pool , here , have a chevy part catalogue ...? as the CIA monitor malcolm X ... CUT to : ext . independence square , accra - ali - day ( ghana ) in a mercede convertible . it 's a monumental expression of the force for the independence of black Africa . accra be a wonder to Ali . a third World showplace , in 1964 Ghana be alive with the optimism of emerge Africa . infrastructure 33. and real estate be well - manage . under nkrumah , the city be in a frenzy of building public housing ... ali in the three - car caravan , pass the huge triumphal arch with its giant black star on the top . thousands line the route to see the heavyweight champion and cheer he . for Ali it 's another kind of parade ... ali be Pov : ghanaian they be stockbroker and street cleaner , salesmen and secretary , hotel manager and military officer ... all be a contrast to the de facto apartheid of the middle America of Ali 's experience . they all cheer he caravan as it pass . CUT to : ext . the ambassador HOTEL , accra - mercede - late afternoon ( ghana ) arrive with Ali and entourage . it 's a modern hotel . meanwhile , a different group be about to depart in limo . one among they , a tall man in a dashiki and sunglass and carry a walk stick , separate . he see Ali . so do the woman next to he . she be the poet Maya angelou . malcolm X ( shout ) brother Muhammad ... take off he shade , we realize it 's malcolm X . he wear a goatee , now . Ali turn , see he . total surprise . ali hey , man !!! they embrace . Ali greet he like the old friend he be . Maya and the chinese diplomat wait a few step remove . ali ( cont 'd ) how you doin ' ? what 's up , brother ? I know you be here ... do not think you be still here ... malcolm X and I hear you be come . 34 . ali we just get here now ... ( word rush out ) and , maaan , the brother be flyin ' a DC 8 . flippin ' switch , navigatin' , filing flight plan , talkin' french ... and they remember how much they like each other . ali ( cont 'd ) where you goin ' ? malcolm X when ...uh , Liberia . when you fight liston ? ali November . malcolm X this be Maya angelou and ambassador huang ha . amando gonzalez be from Cuba . taher kaid be the ambassador from Algeria . Ali wave . they keep they distance . ali man , where should I go ? we be plan on Egypt . malcolm X Algeria . see Ben Bella ... ( beat ) go to Mecca , medina . I just come back . make my seven circuit around the kaaba , pray at sunrise ... there be two million people ... pilgrim from all over . dress all the same , high and low , the same . blonde-haire , blue-ey Muslims . Arabs . ( off Ali 's look of surprise ) black . yeah . all of they , Muslims praying together . int . ambassador HOTEL room - marlin thomas - day who be surveilling malcolm X in Cairo be here , too . right now he pick up the phone . reveal at the window a African man and another american with binocular . 35 . BRADLEY ( v.o. ) hello ...? malcolm X it 's marlin . you will never guess who malcolm run into ... CUT to : int . leopoldville school - classroom - BRADLEY - day ( congo ) BRADLEY ( in french ; into phone ) un moment ... BRADLEY ( cont 'd ) ( English translation ; into phone ) hold on a second ... BRADLEY , a american in he late 30' , who 's bald and whose mouth be too wide , sit at the teacher 's desk in a empty classroom . a heavyset american and two Black African thug with m - 1 carbine be with he . mobutu's military aide ( in french ) Le ministère de défense vous remercie . mobutu's military aide ( cont 'd ) ( English translation ) the Defense Minister thanks you . uniform mobutu's military aide smile and warmly shake Bradley 's hand . Bradley say " he 's welcome " and signal to the heavyset american . the american lead mobutu 's military aide somewhere . meanwhile ... BRADLEY ( in french ) Il n'y a pas de quoi . cela m'a fait grand plaisir . faite - lui me compliment . BRADLEY ( cont 'd ) ( English translation ) it 's nothing . give he my compliment . int . leopoldville school corridor - mobutu's military aide follows bradley' american to a sport court . eight uniform Soldiers be with they . in the sport court , on they knee , hand bound behind they , face away from we , be six prisoner in business clothes . 36 . one be a woman . guarding they be Bradley 's Guards . mobutu 's military aide 's soldier take over the prisoner . mobutu 's military aide talk into a walkie-talkie . meanwhile ... gen . joseph mobutu in uniform listen to he walkie-talkie . he have distant eye . he 's hear what he need and walk up a staircase and around a corner . int . leopoldville school , second classroom - mobutu enter . he be the beneficiary of this routine military coup . other uniform officer at student ' desk now stand and applaud . mobutu will rename the congo " Zaire " and we will see he later . meanwhile in Ghana ... int . ambassador HOTEL room - marlin thomas - day marlin thomas malcolm bump into cassius clay . Muhammad Ali ... whatever he call himself ... BRADLEY I think that be all over . be clay go to support malcolm 's U.N. resolution ? marlin thomas I do not know . BRADLEY find out . we will pick up on malcolm in Liberia ourselves . ext . ambassador HOTEL - ali + malcolm X malcolm X drank from the well of Zem - Zem ... and you should visit Cairo . I have friend there in ... meanwhile ... ali ( he thought ) ... should not have quarrele with the honorable elijah ... the rapport between they become fleeting . Ali 's attention drift away . he close down ... 37 . ali ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) you should not have ... ( vocalize ) ... quarrele with the honorable elijah Muhammad ... malcolm X what ? ali you should not have quarrele with elijah Muhammad . and Ali separate . he turn away . malcolm call after he ... malcolm X brother Muhammad ... Ali will not turn back from he rejection of malcolm . he shake he head " no " and walk off . malcolm X ( cont 'd ) brother Muhammad ...! int . TIGER lounge , chicago - sheri - night sing " for you precious Love , " and reveal : ali + sonji roi dance . we be back in Chicago . she 's sexy and have a great smile and flash eye . people leave Ali alone . one fruit of Islam bodyguard be nearby , semi-conspicuous . in a booth be Herbert with a date , another foi guard , and a businessman . sonji , who be sexually over and fun , be laminate to Ali . after a few bar ... ali sonji ... sonji roi ... sonji ( laugh ) what you keep sayin ' my name for ? ali ' Cause I love it , girl . how long you be workin ' for Herbert ? sonji ' Bout a year . I sell " Muhammad speak " over the phone ... ali what kind of name be that ? 38 . sonji my father name I after sonja henie . ali what 's you father do ? sonji he be shot in a poker game when I be two . he do not do nothin' . sonja , on the other hand , be a ice skater , and my mother die when I be eleven . ali so who raise you ? sonji godparent , but I be on my own , do my own thing ... ali whatcha doin ' tomorrow ? go ridin ' with I . sonji no . I gotta work , you know . ali I square it with Herbert . I get a record player in my car . sonji a record player ? c'mon . how come it do not skip ? ali get spring and stuff . sonji Herbert say you meet the Beatles . ali yeah . only one of them 's smart ... the one with the glass . sonji ...he 's my favorite . ali people all scream and fainting . I ask he , " this the way they act when you get big ? " 39 . sonji what he say ? ali he say , " champ . the more real you get , the more unreal it gonna get . " sonji wow ... after sheri sing the first chorus ... ali let 's go ... sonji yeah ... ali ( crossing out ) where you live ? sonji I be takin ' you there ... Herbert look up from he booth , start to ask where they be go ... but they be go . he turn back to the man he 's talk to ... int . sonji be apartment - window - night ( 1964 ) pull back from be above Chicago in the winter at night to Ali and sonji make love where sheri 's voice sing the second verse . to Ali 's reaction ... ali I think I gonna keep you around forever , girl . sonji ( laugh ) well , I be not too busy right now , so ... I will think on it . ali Herbert say you be not a Muslim . sonji cover my hair ? no make - up ? Long dress ? honey , please . ( beat ) be you a virgin ? 40 . ali why ? sonji ( laugh ) ' Cause you so " go " off a little good time . ali I be no virgin ... but I may as well be . ( beat ) I be not jokin ' ! I always know when I know . see this face ? I mean , you get a pretty face for a girl 's face , but you ever see something ' as pretty as I ? now , you about five - foot-three ... that 's too small . but I overlook that , too , ' cause ... sonji ( sarcastic ) thank you so much . ali ...' cause of you spirit ! sonji my " spirit " ...? ali yeah . ' Cause you too much fun ! sonji you serious ? she raise he head next to hers , look in he eye . ali but you gotta be a Muslim . sonji huh ? how you do that ? step over a broom ... shazaam ... you a Muslim ? she laugh . he rest he head on she stomach . he like she irreverence ... ali maaan , I be not never be with a girl like you . 41 . sonji baby , maybe you be not ever gonna be with any other . they start make love again . ext . / int . 50 th on the lake motel , coffee shop - ali , herbert , bundini + bingham - day herbert what ? ali that 's right . I wanna marry she . herbert you can not marry that girl ! she be a date ! have some fun ! she 's not you wife ! you do not marry this girl . ( put contract in front of he ) sign there . management papers . my father will kill I . bundini true love ! bundini crack up . Ali sign without even glance at the document . bingham notice this . bingham watch what you signing , Ali . herbert ( to bingham ; sharp ) nothing to do with you . bingham you talkin ' to I , or someone walk inna room , fat boy ? anything 's do to with I I think 's to d-d - do with I ... I be st-st-still a Christian . ali ( sign anyway ) and get I a kosher cook ... lady who cook at malcolm 's temple . put my brother on the payroll . 50g a year for drivin ' and jivin ' . herbert lana shabazz ... 42 . ali yeah . how ' bout it , Howard . you be my official full - time photographer . bingham I be not goin ' on you payroll . I like it freelance . emphasis on " free . " as Ali sign the last of the contract . herbert Muhammad . she 's not ... for you . when I meet she , she be work at a cocktail lounge with a bunny tail on she backside . bundini what be you doin ' down at a cocktail lounge , Herbert ? sellin ' " Muhammad peek " ? Ali and bingham crack up ... herbert ( to bundini ) sober up and say something to this man , bundini . you suppose to be he " inspiration . " bundini ( look at Ali ; to Ali , serious ) I get to know about sonji , Muhammad . she get a sister ? ( as Ali laugh ) bingham you be s-s-save it up , training , champ . you can not unleash it on this girl all sudden . you may kill she ! maybe you should spread it around more before you tie it down . ali no. Marriage be the cornerstone of Muslim life . herbert sonji roi be not a Muslim ! ali she gonna be a Muslim , now ! ( flash ) so fix it up , Herbert . 43. int . fifth STREET gym - ali past a speed bag onto Ali with dundee + sarria on the exercise table . they do not see , and we pass they and other training boxer and move in to a portable b&amp ; W tv on top of a cabinet . on b&amp ; W tv : malcolm X + martin luther king , JR . exchange greeting and introduction as if in a first - time meeting , and King turn back to camera . martin luther king , jr. ( mid-statement ) I fear if this bill be not pass ... ( beat ) ... we nation be in for a dark night of social disruption . as a anchorman pontificate ... image suddenly become : five different surveillance angle . King and malcolm have no clue how extensive be the FBI cointelpro surveillance and the operation mount against they . and the image of the two of they become ... int . a coffee shop ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - there picture - smiley - day on the front page of the Washington Post . reveal Joseph 13x sit next to joe smiley in a small Washington , D.C. coffee shop . joseph 13x why we meeting ? joe smiley the idea be ...to ... make ... malcolm smaller , you know ? diminish ; obscure ? not to turn he into a messiah . ( the paper ) what I get , now , be malcolm shoulder to shoulder with Martin luther King . ( beat ) and malcolm run all over the world get Ben Bella and nasser to denounce racism in the U.S. while we be compete over there with the Soviets . ( more ) 44 . joe smiley ( cont 'd ) ( droll ) not ... a resounding success . we be better off before , with malcolm inside the Nation . ( beat ) so ... we want you ... to get elijah Muhammad ... to take malcolm back . Joseph 13x stare at he , slack - jaw . incredulous . no reaction . joe smiley ( cont 'd ) that 's a joke . I be kid ! do not you ever smile ? Joseph 13x do not say anything . he do not smile . joe smiley ( cont 'd ) we be on a timetable . malcolm 's pal , quaison from Ghana , be introduce malcolm 's resolution to the General Assembly in Washington . that 's in five week . Joseph 13x oddly get up , move a stool over ... joseph 13x you get bad breath , man . joe smiley thyroid . I get a stab wound in 1961 . they take it out . we gotta talk about this guy , too . smiley indicate the picture of Ali in " Muhammad speak " identify he as a militant and a revolutionary . joseph 13x when do I get my expense reimburse ... dry clean lot of suit be not free ... off Ali 's picture ... it become ... int . miami HOTEL room - ali - night enter , look for sonji . bundini and cassius clay , sr. be laugh about something else . they get quiet . bundini have a large water glass in he hand ; sr. , a highball glass . 45 . ali ( to bundini ) what you drinkin' ? bundini what be I drinkin ' ? Water 's what I be drinkin ' , champ ! I be a natural man ... Ali go to the bedroom door . ali what 's goin ' on ? we be late . he 's dress for a occasion . sonji ( v.o. ) I be change my damn clothes ! you do not like what I be wearin ' ! as Ali re-enter the live room , there 's a knock on the door ... " room service ... " bundini come on in ...! ( see ) what 's that ? room service ( with large glass ) what you want , be not it ... a water glass with vodka ...? bundini that be before ... room service before what ? bundini before you show up ... and , now , sonji come out . this dress make what she have be wear look demure . tight angora sweater and a miniskirt . she 's Tina Turner 30 year ago . sonji I fine runnin ' around in all this cute short thing for you . I submissive to you . but I be not gonna be submissive to the brother X 's and what they think . they askin ' I question alla time anyway . 46 . ali what question ?! sonji ( v.o. ) about you and we and I be not tellin' them shit . cassius clay , sr. ( drunk ) tell it like it be , sugar ! they take my boy 's name ... and what they give he back ? bad style . Ali take she back into the bedroom and close the door . sonji I do not drink . I do not smoke . I convert to Islam for you and ... int . bedroom - sonji + ali - night sonji all except the dress ! I be not puttin ' no bleach - out , double - ugly bedsheet on this body , honey ! I be normal ! he 's furious . she smile . he pick she up . she moan and she tongue dart in he ear and they be on the bed make out . and as camera drift away we hear d.j. daddio daley 's " Jazz Patio " ... int . a new car ( chicago ) - ali - day king of the city , cruise through the pristine winter air of Chicago ... daddio ( on radio ) hey there , old , aware one . and you , too , my fair one ... this be " daddio 's Jazz Patio . " on kbca this fine day , which be a-okay ... segues to ... brubeck 's " time out , " cruise ... int . the audubon ballroom , harlem - rear of malcolm' head - day center - punch the frame through the green-glaze terra - cotta hallway . he and he bodyguard ( # 1 ) come to a door . shedd he coat , he hesitates , and like a prizefighter gather himself , he go inside . 47 . int . ali be new car - ali - day at a light , wave to a cluster of girl wait for a bus who recognize he , go nut ... listen to brubeck ... int . the audubon ballroom - malcolm - day walk across the stage , aware of every little sound , every motion . he make he way to the podium ... peer beyond he glass at the gather . bodyguard # 1 go to the side door instead of stand next to he ... and malcolm notice that ... as he ... malcolm X as - salaam alaikum ... the gathere wa-alaikum -salaam ... and two young Black man , talmadge hayer and norman butler immediately stand up in the back , jostling each other ... a young man ( shout ) what you doin ' in my pocket , man ? get you hand outta my pocket ! malcolm X hold it , hold it , brother ! ( plead ) let 's be cool . and the commotion in the back divert bodyguard # 1 and # 2 towards the rear , away from the stage and malcolm , as ... thomas johnson come forward from a front row , he coat flap open , revealing the 12 - gauge saw - off double - barrel shotgun come up . malcolm' eye go to it . settle on it . he new it be come , as ... johnson , a indifferent expression on he face , fire one barrel at ... malcolm ... which rip through the lectern as if paper and slam a dead - center into he chest a seven-re . 12 pellet , each the size of .32 bullet . Seven destroy malcolm 's heart . five shred he aorta and burrow into he spine . malcolm 's hand fly back , and he topple , crash off empty chair onto the floor . 48 . upsidedown ecu : malcolm' face + past ... as life exhales from he mouth and he eye go grey , die , indifferent to Johnson empty a second blast into he and the meaningless indignity of hayer and butler fire a .45 and a 9 mm luger at he . int . ali be car - radio - day Dave brubeck , loud ... int . the audubon ballroom - stage - day Chaos . malcolm on the floor . Betty kneel over he body , desperately try to breathe life into it . a asian woman , a disciple , hold up he head . somebody shout , " Jesus , God ! " but there be no God today ... int . ali be car - ali - day stop short at a light because a man run across the street . crazy man ambushed ! loud brubeck in 5 / 4 time . Ali can not hear . crazy man ( cont 'd ) from the bullet hole , black eagle fly ! they scream through the street ... Ali roll down the window . ali what ? crazy man ( daze ) they kill malcolm ... they shot malcolm . " daddio 's Jazz Patio " be interrupt . malcolm X have be kill . Ali pull over ... not really parking . the world stop . the South side of Chicago go still ... people numb ... a young man sit down on the curb , cry . a elegy ... Sam cooke 's " a Change be gonna come ... " play . " I be bear by a river in a little tent ... " and as Ali sit in he car ... he see the face of malcolm ... the glass ... 49 . ali ( he thought ) you be the first ... you walk I forward , my brother ... you be the first ... he 's overcome with a deep grief and a lack of confidence in the order of he world . SAM cooke ( sing ) " be a long , long time comin ' , but a change gonna come , yes it be ... " int . the ring , ST . dominic be arena ( lewiston , maine ) - ali - night howard cosell ... the arena be surround by FBI , the stand be only half full , the promoter have take out a million - dollar insurance policy due to cassius clay 's membership in the militant and radical Black Muslims because of death threat . oh , and by the way ... sonny liston be here , too . ... see sonji enter in a sequine mini-dress , bouffant hair . she attract attention and disapproval from Herbert . she sit next to Ali 's parent at ringside amid the large , conservatively dress Muslim contingent . he 's angry at she presentation . she look like a girl singer from a doo - wop group . he slip off he robe . Ali raise he glove in Muslim prayer . meanwhile : the bell ring . ali meet liston , nail he with a straight right . Ali begin bait he , dance . liston try to cut off the ring , jabbing ineffectually . Ali let liston in , pull back , then pivot on he right foot , throw a short right and ramp into slo -mo ... to see liston not see it come . the muscle of Ali 's upper body contract and ripple in release after he short right catch liston on the point of he chin . liston drop to the canvas like a stone . howard cosell ( cont 'd ) liston be down ! scarcely a minute into the first round , I can not believe it ! sonji be up . for some reason , tear of worry stream , absurdly , from she eye . 50 . the image : Ali stand over liston , fist cocked , bellow : ali get up , sucker ! get up and fight ! no one gonna believe this ! liston try to get up , roll over . his leave leg spasm . as the ref finally push Ali to a neutral corner . howard cosell it 's over ; it 's over ! int . muhammad' dressing room - night sarria , bundini , Pacheco as dundee cut the tape off Muhammad 's hand . and sonji appear at the door ... run and embrace Ali . sonji you okay ? ( he 's cold ) what 's wrong ? ali why you do up like that ? sonji I be dyin ' and ...' cause this be how I dress ! I dyin ' for you out of worry ... ali " worry " ...? sonji yeah . and all you care about be if I look dull enough ? ali the world look at I , girl ! what if I straighten my hair , live in the white suburb ? how I be say something ! sonji ( quiet ; tough ) well , sorry you do not like how I be ... ext . holiday inn , balcony - ali - night enter up the stair . bundini 's wait for he as be Reporters , try to ambush he . lot of activity in the motel forecourt . 51 . ali ( to bundini ) where 's Herbert ? bundini indicate and Ali exit into Herbert 's room . Beyond be the holiday Inn marquee : " clay vs. liston ii . " a few letter droop . ext . holiday inn , herbert room - ali - night ali what do I do ...? Ali , angry , stand in front of Herbert . herbert if you want , have no contact with she for ninety day . then you make a public statement of divorce in the mosque , and Islamic law will be satisfied . bundini " satisfied ? " ... satisfaction be not makin ' it with the woman who send you to the moon ? cassius , sr. burst in . bundini have Ali 's championship belt over he shoulder . bundini ( cont 'd ) man , I be the only normal person leave around here and I be a black Jew who can not read and be half drunk . cassius clay , sr . I gotta talk to you . bundini and Herbert start to leave . ali please stay , brother Herbert . cassius clay , sr . he be not you brother ! you brother take you wife back to Chicago . she 's cry like a widow . ali I be not dead ! cassius clay , sr . you might as well be . you do not remember you name or who you be . 52 . cassius , sr. leave the room . int . holiday inn , ali be motel room - high angle : ali - night enter . stands at the dresser . only he suitcase be there . she leave she chartreuse blouse . he take it and smell the scent of she cologne . he be tear with grief at the loss of she , curling into a ball on the bed , alone in the room . int . GREEN room - ali - day get make up by a good - look asian cosmetologist . a assistant director lounge against the wall with headset , read the newspaper ... cosmetologist you get the prettiest eye ... ali yeah ? bundini he so pretty , when you look up " pretty " in the dictionary , he too pretty to be there . she laugh and whisper something in Ali 's ear , hold he hand where the other can not see it and slip she phone number to he . meanwhile ... a phone ring . bundini answer while ... a.d. ( be : newspaper , to Ali ) ... you gonna try for Germany ? ali huh ? a.d . you gonna try to get station in Germany ? ali what you talk about ? bundini champ . it 's eskridge ... 53. a.d. ( Ali do not know ) they change you classification . ( turn page ) it 's in the paper ... you be 1 -a . you be gonna get draft into the Army ... ali ( take phone ) you know about this ? chauncey eskridge ( v.o. ) yes . but I think the government 's look to negotiate a deal ... a.d. ( hear on headset ) here we go ...! int . a new york television studio , ABC - cosell - day " Wide World of Sports " be on the AIR . we have enter mid - broadcast . ali ... I flunk they draft board test . now , without testing if I be " wiser " or " worser , " they decide I can go into the Army . howard cosell cassius , it be my opinion you ... ali ( cut in ) and I be not cassius clay . that 's a slave name . I be a free man . I be Muhammad Ali . howard cosell ( stop , realize ) you know , I apologize to you . on the air . you name be Muhammad Ali . you have the right to be call whatever you want . ali ( stay angry ) you make a lot of mistake for a so-called educate man . you really go to law school ? 54 . howard cosell yes , Muhammad . and to think I give up a lucrative practice for the like of you . ali I be the best thing that ever happen to you , Howard cosell . without I you be a tall white man with a microphone in he mouth . howard cosell ( fast ) and without I ... you would be a mouth . Ali lift Howard 's toupee . howard cosell ( cont 'd ) ( into camera ) we will be right back . laughter . int . ABC television studio , backstage - ali + cosell - later Ali pour three spoon of sugar in he coffee . howard cosell ( sarcastic ) have a little coffee with you sugar ...? ali keep talk . you be say something half -smart ... howard cosell they want to make a example out of you . ali why ? I be no stokely carmichael , H. Rap Brown ... howard cosell all they be be political . they tell people how they ought to be . but you be the heavyweight champion of the world . you be important . and they do not like you militancy , you politics . so , they will make a example out of you . 55 . ali ...of a good " ne-gro , " who do what he tell ? howard cosell yes . or , to demonstrate here be what happen to you ass if you do not ... he 's screw either way . ext . / int . the UNITED states armed force station , houston - lobby - chauncey eskridge - day wait at the curb as Ali and Herbert pull up and get out of a car ... move through the crowd ... reporter shouting question at he we do not hear , go up the step , into the lobby , join other recruit and m.p. 's . chauncey eskridge ( quietly ) you do six week basic ... you go into the reserve ... you do not go to Vietnam ... you get to box ... you even get to keep the money ... he give Ali a piece of paper sign by the justice Department , confirm the deal ... herbert ( let he know ) the Messenger would not object if you join under this term . ali I stay out of jail and I get to fight . herbert ( nod ) all you have to do be accept the induction . and life go on . chauncey eskridge they call you name . you say yes . we be not sure what Ali will do . int . induction CENTER , houston - ali - day line up with the twenty - five other inductee ... be address by a induction Officer , Naval lt . jerome claridge ... 56 . lo. jerome claridge ... and you will take one step forward as you name and service be call , and such a step will constitute you induction into the armed Force indicate . Lt. claridge begin to read the name , and service ... the young Men dutifully step forward . Ali expect he name to be call . instead ... lo. jerome claridge ( cont 'd ) cassius marcellus clay . it 's quiet . Dead quiet . Ali 's lip move . no sound come out . we anticipate he step forward ... he do not . lo. jerome claridge ( cont 'd ) Mr. clay , I be require to inform you that refusal to accept a lawful induction order constitute a felony under the universal military train and service Act , punishable by up to five year ' imprisonment and a five- thousand - dollar fine . do you understand ? ali ( nod ) yes . two FBI agent in suit have appear . lo. jerome claridge ( repeat ) cassius marcellus clay . Ali do not move . lo. jerome claridge ( cont 'd ) ( a third time ) cassius marcellus clay . Herbert 's die . Ali " stand he ground ... " and the die have be cast . a man ( present badge ) Federal Bureau of investigation . Mr. clay , you be under arrest for refuse induction ... as they turn around and handcuff he . 57 . ext . holiday inn ( houston ) - ali + entourage - late afternoon approach from two vehicle . rudy and six large muslims escort Ali through the crowd of media truck , reporter and conspicuous unmark police car and neighborhood people . ali wave in Robert lipsyte , the New York Times sportswriter in he late 20' we have see before . he and Howard bingham , wait inside , know each other . they enter . the phone 's already ringing . int . holiday inn room + balcony - ali on the phone , on a long extension , join by lipsyte and Howard bingham , while bundini keep at bay reporter at the front door . it all feel like a rock group in town for a concert . ali ( listen ; to cam . ) ask chauncey eskridge in Chicago . he 's my lawyer . no. I be out on bail . ( go onto balcony [ rear shot ] ) yeah , I fight . I fight clean . I be a athlete . Army 's there to kill , kill , kill . my religion forbid that . no . I never shot anything in my life . ( turn ) do I know where Vietnam be ? ( wry ; play to bingham ) yeah . it 's on tv ... ( beat ) in southeast Asia ? it there , too ? ( beat ) that 's a joke , man ...! Ali hang up . the phone ring again . ali ( cont 'd ) ( frustrated ) what do I think about who ? vietcong ? next be something Ali have not deduce . Ali perceive it intuitively and reflexively . as with other of he decision , once make , he do not hesitate to speak they . and he will not waver . he say ... 58 . ali ( cont 'd ) man , I be not get no quarrel with they vietcong . it go dead silent . Ali listen . lipsyte be stunne . so 's Howard . ali ( cont 'd ) no vietcong ever call I nigger . bingham you know what you j-j-just say ...? he hang up . lipsyte from Europe to China ... every home in America ... the world 's gonna know what the heavyweight champion of the world say about the U.S. war ... ali so what ? ( beat ) I be not gonna be what anybody else want I to be . I be not afraid to be what I want . and think how I want . and that 's the real Ali , right there . int . holiday inn , ali be suite - ali - night lay on the sofa . dundee , Pacheco and rudy have join . there 's the feel the house be a bunker . phone ring . Television be on . lipsyte , take note , watch walter cronkite on tv . he cross to Ali . dundee 's on the phone . lipsyte ( read ) Nixon , the Republicans , box Commission in New York , Cleveland and L.A. ( a foregone conclusion ) but you be also get attack as unpatriotic by the naacp , Roy Wilkins , Jackie Robinson , the New York Times and Joe Louis ... the expression on Ali 's face be blank , as if he 's accept a pound : he know what it be ; it 's not a surprise . 59 . int . grant park underground garage - quiet - night a very low ceiling ; we be in a green - light cavern with a low ceiling . chauncey eskridge and Ali wait . Ali 's in the backseat of a 1961 lincoln . two foi guard station at the distant ramp allow a Black oldsmobile to pass . bob arum a New York lawyer and promoter arrive and climb out of the oldsmobile . Ali open the door ... but do not get out ... ali ( to arum ) people be follow I ... bob arum I get almost nowhere I can promote a fight for you . plus , I think they be go to vacate you from the crown . ali what ? bob arum yeah . if you be convict . ali they gonna take away what no fighter in the world can ? bob arum and New York may revoke you box license . chauncey eskridge you sure you want to do all this ? ( politics ) you next three to four year be every heavyweight 's prime . and there be few of that year ... ali what ' bout Terrell ? bob arum we will know if we can fight Terrell in Illinois this afternoon . Terrell 's run he mouth . he say if you be call , you should serve ... 60 . ali ( angrily ) motherfucker . he get a deferment for bein ' too tall , or havin ' flat foot . why do not he serve for I ? tellin ' I what I should do ... bob arum ( to Ali + eskridge ) I get to get you some fight . fast . Ali 's quiet , not really listen anymore ... int . illinois boxing commission - ali - day wear a suit and a narrow tie at a table in front of daley machine apparatchik . a bald man , angrily : commissioner you understand we could take away you license to fight Terrell in Illinois ? ali yes . commissioner be you prepare to apologize ? about you unpatriotic remark that you make ? ali apologize ? no . commissioner you say that you be the people 's champion . ali ( angry ) yes , sir ! commissioner do you think you be act like the people 's champion ...?! ali yes , sir . I be not go to apologize to you . this be not a courtroom . and I do not have to sit here and answer you question . Ali get up and walk out on they . eskridge and noi man in black suit follow . 61 . int . chicago office build - ali + entourage - day march through the lobby . Ali give a walk interview . he 's angry . he will not slow down . ali I be not draft dodgin ' ! I be not goin ' to Canada . I be not burnin ' my draft card . I be not burnin ' the flag . I be stayin ' right here . and you want to throw I in jail ? go ahead . I will do my time . I be in jail four hundred year . I will be in jail four , five more . but I be not goin ' ten thousand mile to help murder and kill poor people for you . ' Cause if I be gonna die , I will die now , right here , fight you . if I wanna die . you my enemy , not vietcong or chinese or japanese . you my opposer when I want freedom . you my opposer when I want justice . you my opposer when I want equality . you want I to go somewhere for you , but you will not even stand up for I in America , for my rights and belief , you will not even stand up for I here at home . int . the houston astrodome - close : terrell - day ernie terrell be taller than Ali . the empty stadium have a scale and press at one end . Girls in cowboy hat and lone star say we be in Texas . Ali be distract . ernie terrell ( get on scale ) tell clay he can get on after I . ali what ...? ernie terrell get on the scale after ... ali ( cut in ) what you call I ...? Terrell wrongly think there 's psychological value in provoking Ali . 62 . ernie terrell only thing I know you as : cassius clay ! ali ( infuriate ) announce it right here or from flat on you back ! Ali throw a punch that do not land because he 's separate . ali ( cont 'd ) what 's my name ?!? close on ali something else in he eye . int . the houston astrodome - terrell - night hit four time by Ali : wham , wham , wham , wham ! in the glaring light ... ali what 's my name , motherfucker ?! and Ali flick out punch ... disorient Terrell . the bell . girl in bangle miniskirt start 15 th round wham ! wham ! wham ! Ali hit he five time ... Terrell tie he up . Ali throw he off , slip two jab and snap he leave into Terrell 's face . ali ( cont 'd ) what 's my name ? Ali , at the apex of he athletic skill , fire six - or eight - punch combination and then change direction . Ali shoot jab and hook go backwards ; every move and set of combination be a dance . Ali 's never be as light on he foot , as fast , as complex as in this fight . like any moment of greatness , we want it to last forever ... then , Ali throw a 17 - punch combination . ali ( cont 'd ) what be my name ?! ... that burn down Terrell . Terrell start to fall . Ali move away . he do not want it to end . sportswriter do not like it . half the fan do not like it . Ali defy both they sensibility and they politics . 63. terrell be face be batter . Ali slam in shot . ali ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) my name ?! what be my name ?! the bell end the savage pound . Ali in the middle of the ring , glory in opposition and triumph . int . houston courtroom - ali - day with eskridge and he other attorney . the courtroom 's pack . in the back we spot Joe smiley , anonymous in the crowd . ali ( to judge ) if the court would give I my sentence right now instead of wait and stalling . judge ingraham ( oblige ) my pleasure . the jury have find you guilty of refuse induction into the United States armed force . I sentence you to the maximum sentence allowable ... five year ' imprisonment and a fine of ten thousand dollar . ( pause ) fast enough ? you attorney will lodge a appeal . while you be out on bond , I order you passport surrender . I will not have you benefit yourself by fight abroad ... int . houston court , foyer - ali - day on he way out of the building . media be hold at the other end . closer - ali look daze , not sure how to act on the way out of court . oddly , he shake hand with each of a half a dozen white Houston bailiff . it 's as if , benumb by the verdict , he seek human contact . the only contact available , ironically , be with the officer of the court that just convict he . 64 . ext . 79 th STREET , chicago , 1968 - ali - dusk time have pass . it 's winter . snow 's on the ground . he 's in a car coat and a hat with a hood sweatshirt underneath . Street light be on . traffic 's slight . he walk through the whiteness as new snow fall . ecu : ali under the hat brim , he gaze be internal , as it be in the open in Miami . burned -out storefront with icicle from Fire dept. water . his work boot stop deep in the new fall snow ... vanish in the whiteout ... int . N.O. i. bakery , chicago - white silk scarf - day ( flashback ) in Ali 's hand . he lean across a white showcase of bakery goods . it 's cold outside ; warm inside . it smell of bread and coffee . belinda boyd react . ali watch now ... he make a fist , ball the scarf up , and put it in the hollow of he fist . ali ( cont 'd ) ( offer ) blow on it ... she blow on it . she 's not quite eighteen , six foot tall ; there 's a supremely confident expressiveness about she . her gesture be large . he open he hand . the scarf be go . she instinctively look over at he other hand . nothing 's there . his eye go wide in mock fright at the mysterious . ali ( cont 'd ) this spooky ! do not get scared ... she laugh . how would he do it ? he make a fist again , put he thumb in the hollow . and slowly pull the scarf out ... belinda ( laugh ) see , you do not need to fight no more ... he give it to belinda . she tie it around she neck . Ali look at she . on a cold and dark afternoon , the window be steam and the bakery seem a fine refuge . 65 . ali so what 's fresh , girl ? belinda ( smile ) everything fresh ! ali ( smile ) what 's the freshest of the freshest ? belinda ( smile ) doughnut just come out ... ali ( hold up the doughnut ) feed I that thing , I gotta come back as a wrassler . ( a ring announcer ) 645 pound . I would still be pretty ... but I be fat pretty ... belinda you do not remember when you meet I once before ... long ago ... ali ( joke ) I remember something ... wha 's you name ? she slap he arm . belinda you know my name ! you come to my school , right before you win the title . interviewed you for the school paper . I be eleven . ali you have a long braid ... belinda yeah ! you call I little indian girl , then . ali that be you ? belinda I love you then , like all that kid . I never stop . I still do . 66 . int . nation of islam assembly - ali + belinda - day ( flashback ) elijah muhammad' voice ( over ) ( finish ) the African - american Albert speer-regiment seating break up . Ali 's wear a black suit , a white suit and white tie . as he drift through the crowd , approach he be belinda in a white caftan and a white satin turban with gold earring . it feel like they be a official couple , eugenically choose mate . ecu : there hand join . macro cu : shoulder touch . she turn and lean back slightly against he ... they thigh touch . ext . 79 th STREET , chicago - dusk into night we walk past the bakery . it 's close . Ali cross the grey gutter street and exit into ... int . ali' sinclair station , back office - ali - night enter . cta bus pass . eskridge be there , wait for he . Ali take a coffee in a paper cup and grab a danish . ali you see the Ellis - quarry fight ? chauncey eskridge yes ... we will be in front of the U.S. Court of appeal next month . we will lose . then we appeal to the Supreme Court . ali Ellis the champ ? man. I beatin ' on he since we be sixteen . they give Ellis to Joe frazier ? frazier will kill he . then they out of juice . where 's the gate ? so they gotta let I fight . I fight Ellis in a phone booth ... middle of Times Square ... you think that draw a crowd ? 67 . chauncey eskridge draw a crowd or not draw a crowd , Muhammad , be not go to make a difference with you box license . they do not want you to fight . ( so much for speculation ) aclu 's handle you case against the New York box Commission . they discover New York 's get actual ex-murders and ex-rapist currently license to fight . but revoke yours ...? ali Tijuana ? chauncey eskridge no. State Department refuse permission for the one-hour visa . no fight in Tijuana . look ... ali can not fight here . can not fight outside the country ... chauncey eskridge I know people in the restaurant business ... want to start up a chain . Muhammad Ali 's " champ Burger " ... " Muhammad malt , " " fist full of fries " ... all of that . they start out towards the gas pump . ali why I want to be in the restaurant business ?! chauncey eskridge ' Cause you need the money . ali how much all this gonna cost ? chauncey eskridge too much . they do that to you , too , you know . they seek to destroy every facet of Ali 's life . Ali know that . as they pass the pump . some customer recognize he . chauncey eskridge ( cont 'd ) where you goin ' ? 68 . ali ( to customer ) look out ! customer hey , champ ! and Ali pretend to start sparring . the work man laugh . one be brave enough to raise he hand , too . Ali smile and trade a couple of phantom slap . it break off . he make they day . he shake each of they hand . his spirit 's raise , he walk off . chauncey watch this ritual ... int . chicago apartment , ali + belinda's bedroom - night hand and skin and face against white in bed . so close we be intimately inside the moment ... ali not then ... belinda first time ? 1961 ... sister khalilah introduce you at assembly . you say you would be heavyweight champion of the world by the time you be twenty - one ! ali I always tell the truth ... belinda I be eleven . I interview you for the student paper . you call I " little indian girl , " ' cause I wear my hair real long , in a braid ... I tell you ... " man , you scribble ! you can not even write ! you ought to go back to school until you do it better ... " laugh , he start poke she in the rib , and she turn onto he . she 's six foot tall , he 's six - three . he grab she wrist . she wrestle he down on the large bed until there 's a noise , and belinda separate from Ali and approach a smaller bedroom to replace the bottle they daughter , maryum , throw out of she crib . as she exit , move in on the crib in streetlight and we hear jimi hendrix 's bottleneck instrumental part of " all along the watchtower . " it make we feel the child in the crib be threaten , and that take we into ... 69 . int . college hall - ali in a black leather jacket with a white shirt and skinny tie , speak to a audience of college student , white and black , some asian and latino . jimi hendrix ( from " all along the watchtower " ) " there must be some kind of way outta here , say the joker to the thief ... " bingham wait in the wing . applause . Ali join Howard and a small group watch a portable tv ... tv : " day of rage " occur on Chicago 's North Clark Street . off-screen we hear police siren . on tv , Weathermen attack line of Chicago police ! the cop fall back . jimi hendrix ( cont 'd ) " there 's too much confusion , I can not get no relief . Business man , they drink my wine , plowmen dig my earth , none of they along the line , know what any of it be worth . " int . chicago gym - ali - night train in grey sweat to hendrix . he flash 60 sit-up hang off a table . he sweat profusely . he have no trainer . bingham hold he leg . Ali seem heavier . the gym be grimy , fill with other boxer , a forest of heavy bag . Ali 's one among other guy work out . ali' face grimace through another set , try to stay in shape , try to retain skill go dormant . jimi hendrix " no reason to get excited , the thief , he kindly speak . there be many here among we , who feel that life be but a joke . " then , he 's slow on the heavy bag . sparr alone in the ring ... everyone ignore he . 70 . int . ali be gas station - ali be tv : news - day reveal Ali + bingham watch the 1968 Olympic . now , Tommy Smith and John carlos bow they head and raise fist in black power defiance , instead of acknowledge the national anthem . jimi hendrix " but you and I , we have be through that , and this be not we fate . so let we not talk falsely now , the hour it 's get late ... " and the coverage cut to George Foreman with a small american flag in he hand . then , it flash back to Ali in the ring with sonny liston at he foot . and Ali come out of the Illinois box Commission , angry . Dead Black panther , Fred hampton and Matt Clark murder by police in Chicago . and malcolm X and Ali together . the meaning of it be clear : muhammad ali be the warrior saint in the revolt of the black athlete in america . on Ali watch , as a phone ring ... jimi hendrix ( cont 'd ) " all along the watchtower , prince keep the view , while all the woman come and go , barefoot servant , too . " ext . memphis motel - chauncey eskridge - day speak to Ali on a pay phone on ground level . chauncey eskridge ... strike out at the appellate level in New Orleans . so we be head back to the Supreme Court ... intercut with : int . ali be gas station - ali - day ali think we already get turn down there . 71 . ext . memphis motel - chauncey eskridge chauncey eskridge I be petition on a conscientious objection basis . Religious belief . we will petition that you sincere religious belief prohibit you from shoot people . I believe they will hear that ... a fast car drive by , distracting Ali momentarily . then , Ali focus 100 % on ... ali where the money come from , chauncey ? Herbert tell I I be runnin ' on empty . put aside " how do that happen " ? license all revoke . no passport . I can not fight here . can not fight abroad . ( beat ) and what happen if I lose the Supreme Court ? chauncey eskridge it 's all over . you go to jail for five year . there 's no response from Ali . Ali hang up , look the other way , lose in think . ext . memphis motel room - chauncey eskridge - day hang up the phone . look up . start to dial another number . a sound crack OPEN the night ... chauncey run up the stair to the second - floor balcony to join ... ext . memphis motel , balcony - jesse jackson - day cradling Martin luther King , Jr. in he arm . people scream . King involuntarily spasm . under King , dark blood pool like crude oil . eskridge , andrew young and julian bond point into the Memphis afternoon . ext . ali' apartment build , rooftop ( chicago ) - CITY at night as if they be point at a burn fire , siren , blue police flasher , a isolate gunshot . and reveal Ali on a rooftop , in sweatpant , sweatshirt , shadowboxing while ... 72 . jimi hendrix " outside in the cold distance , a wild cat do growl , two rider be approach , and the wind begin to howl ! " he leave off to look into the distance . the agility , what he be with Terrell , be not there . he exhales in time with punch huh , huh , huh ... Ali 's struggle to hold onto diminish sharpness . Police light . loot ? he contemplate the fabric of the city rip itself apart while ... int . jeffrey STREET house , live room - frazier rip apart ellis - night on ABC . reveal Ali with maryum in he arm watch the fight ... a activity from which Ali , the resident genius on the planet , be exclude . bingham Ellis do not belong in there . ali ( curt ) man give he a shot , he take a shot . bingham I see bundini in New York . ali how 's he ? bingham ... bad shape . you better get you belt b-b-back ... belinda bring coffee to bingham ... belinda ( o.s. ) she 's get to be do with that bottle . bingham you call you parent , Ali ? belinda no , he do not . I tell they about the one on the way ... myself . ( move to the kitchen ) bingham you p-p-p-promised you would call they . 73. ali I will call them , I will call them ... ( be : the baby ) may-may ! it go in one end and come out the other . belinda you wanna try change she , for the experience ? ali you so much better at it , mama . belinda take maryum . frazier hold he arm up in victory , a formality of applause from the half - empty Garden . ali ( cont 'd ) ( to maryum ) maaan ... Joe frazier can not talk , can not up the gate , can not fill the arena . they gotta let I fight . belinda that happen , you promise I you put some new people around you . Ali cross to kitchen phone . ali I need angelo , rudy , ferdie -- bingham Ali , she 's talkin ' about " brother " Herbert . Ali stop . between he and belinda , this be important : she solidarity be with she husband , not with the noi . belinda where be they when we need they ? you get gene kilroy droppin ' off grocery like charity . borrowin ' money from my folk . so ...? as Ali contemplate what she 's say , we hear ... howard cosell ( v.o. ) what be you feeling about up - and -come Ken norton ? 74 . int . frazier locker room ( post fight ) - cosell + frazier - night frazier ( still sweat ) norton 's big and strong , but ... someone 's talk into Howard 's period headset . howard cosell ( interrupt ) hold on one second ... we have a caller . go ahead . ali ( v.o. ) ( into phone ) cosell ? this Muhammad ali. a still photo of Ali in a iris appear superimpose on monitor . ali ( cont 'd ) go to Georgia or Alabama or Sweden . everybody know I be the champ . the crown be a lie . I know it 's a lie . Joe frazier know it 's a lie . it time for everybody to stop lie and tell the truth . howard cosell let 's tell it like it be . with you court and box problem , Muhammad , can you get a fight promote ? ali I be not interested in the paycheck , I would fight Joe frazier for free in a phone booth in Times Square , if I be not break . I still will . howard cosell do you say you be break ? how can you be break ? Ali hesitates . int . elijah muhammad' house - kitchen - night elijah Muhammad react to the interview on television . there 's a formality to elijah Muhammad , even at he kitchen table . 75 . howard cosell you have make more money than all previous heavyweight champion combine . what about you management ? surely they have provide for you ... ali I be say it 's time for everybody to quit lie ! Muhammad Ali be the champ ! I have to , I will get the fight on myself . ( beat ) and if they offer I money , I be not gonna turn it down . crosscut : elijah turn to a aide . elijah muhammad get I my son , Herbert , on the telephone ! int . rundown chicago gym - ali - day training . there be no entourage with he . Ali hit the heavy bag . he double up the leave jab on the tape - together heavy bag . sweat stain he sweat . ext . U.S. steel - ali - day run through tall reed in the abandon industrial landscape , end at the lakefront and the cold , open sky and water . he 's breathe hard , struggle against time to hold onto shape and prowess . he seem vulnerable against the open sky and water . int . temple # 2 - night elijah Muhammad be at the lectern ringed by fruit of Islam Guards . herbert be behind he . elijah muhammad Mr. Muhammad Ali desire to do that which the Holy qur 'an teach he against . I be , therefore , suspending Mr. Ali from the practice of Islam . he may no longer appear in temple , pray or teach , or have any conversation with any Muslim whatsoever . furthermore ... he may no longer use the name of Muhammad Ali . henceforward , he will revert to he old slave name , cassius clay . 76 . int . jeffrey ST . house , kitchen - ali - day sit at the table . a deep vacancy be beginning to be there we have never see before . may-may make a mess . belinda Muhammad ...? ali you can not call I that no more . belinda Hell , I can not . I be defy they by talk to you . and be with you . move closer and closer into Ali 's eye . he 's oblivious . belinda 's pregnant again . she say something to he . Ali can not hear . she say it again , louder . Ali do not look at she . over ali onto the Formica table with log cabin syrup and powder sugar and ceramic salt and pepper shaker see in he ecu , disconnect , depressed , withdraw ... int . flophouse , foyer - ali + bingham - day enter , concerned and urgent ... ali why not you call a ambulance or a doctor ? landlady ( follow behind ) would not let I . Said he know you ... and to call you , Mr. Ali ... he 's not be out for three day ... Ali 's up the stair , down the corridor and take the key from the lady and open the door . it 's a dump . rotting food , something burn on the stove . on the floor , wrap in a threadbare bedspread , half in and out of the bathroom , which be foul , be bundini , sleep off a drunk . bingham bundini ! bundini ( open he eye ; half sit ) watchu ' doin ' here ? gimme that short dog ! Ali -- he concern crash . he detest the type bundini resemble . he throw a half - empty half - pint of Old Taylor against the wall . it splatter ... 77 . ali what 's wrong with you , man ?! bundini nothin ' wrong with I ! Ali go to the curtain and pull they back . bundini , blind ... bundini ( cont 'd ) what that ?!!! bingham a mystery ... d-d-d-daylight ... bundini ( shield he eye ) leave I alone ! ali I leave you alone . you call I ! bundini that be a week ago ... Ali grab bundini 's arm and twist it and push he sleeve up . bundini try to pull he arm away . Ali be way stronger . track mark up and down bundini 's arm . Ali slap bundini on the side of the head . smack ! he slap he again . smack ! ali what you shame yourself like this for , maaan ...?! why you shame yourself ?! bundini flail back with he arm . Ali lean in and smack he again . bundini lemme alone ! ( shout ) I be flyin ' ! the Sky Chief talk through I . I know the word ! ali you know " low . " you so low , the curb look like up ! bundini ( demonstrate ) yeah ? the king gotta go home to he throne ! from the root to the fruit ...! 78 . ali that rhyme be old . forget them . bundini ( demonstrate more ) God do not care about you ! do not care about I ! in all of everything , we mean nothin' . he do not know we . we be . and that 's the onliest thing he do . and that 's good ' cause that 's why we free . but free be not easy . free be real . and realness be a motherfucker ... ( low ; almost spooky ) it eat raw meat . ( beat ) it walk in its own shoe . ( beat ) it do not waver ... ( pause ) yeah ... there 's a pause in the room . bundini crash . he start cry , unabashedly ... bundini ( cont 'd ) I sell you belt for five hundred dollar to a barber on lenox Avenue . that 's how low I do you . I be fill with weakness and get a crazy mind . that belt say you the heavyweight Champion of the World . five hundred dollar and I put it into my arm . that 's what I call to tell you ... Ali lean back against the wall ... the last vestige , go . bundini ( cont 'd ) ... hear ' bout the Nation , all that court stuff . ali ( absent ) yeah . bundini forgive I , Muhammad . take I back ... ali no . there 's no " back " to take you to ... 79 . Ali get up -- bundini have be take from he , too -- and leave . int . " EL " - ecu frontal : ali - night and beyond the side of Ali 's face , elevate through the slum and decrepit tenement of the south side of Chicago ... the mean alley and decaye back porch . Men gather around 50 - gallon steel drum , burn wood for warmth . everything be corrupt or have leave he . frontal : ali stare into nowhere . reverse : past ali the city recede . vector , in perspective , carry structure , building away . the sky be grey , go to blue . the city flee and suddenly disappear as we race into the dark tunnel of subway . Ali 's lose in the depth of attempt a calculation . he can not do that for which he have a genius beyond other man ... ali ( to himself ) ... you can not do what you do best in the world . and how you feed you family ? from prison ? who take care of you kid ? and be Allah , be God with I ? and he 's be exile from the belief system that explain the universe to he . suddenly light slash across he face in the white - tile North Avenue station . beyond , ghostlike work man and two heavyset woman enter . Ali turn aside to prevent be recognize . it 's the first time he 's ever avoid the public . the train lurch forward ... over ali : white light scream away from we . Red reflect off the rail past Ali 's face as we descend deeper into the tunnel . ext . near broadcast truck - cosell - night step out of the truck . there be a small crowd of people who turn as ali pull up in a convertible . he 's solemn for a moment . then he 's out of the car ... ali ( o.s. ) a thousand dollar to the man who bring I Howard cosell 's toupee ! Dead or alive ! 80 . reveal Ali next to he car . howard cosell ( loud ) do not bother I . I be a world - famous broadcaster and you be a ex-champion with diminish skill . I can not be see you , it would be calamitous to my reputation . ext . near broadcast truck - ali + cosell - later alone in the convertible park in a distant corner of the lot . ali put I on , Howard . howard cosell Muhammad , I would do anything for you . but I get boss who only give a damn about nielsen rating . ali I guarantee ... it will be a historical and momentous night ! int . ABC - tv studio Ali be interview by Howard cosell in the " Wide World of Sports " set . we have enter mid-scene ... ali ... what heavyweight Champion of the World ? I be not the champ . I be retire , finish , out of the game . and I be not gonna let myself grieve and suffer none . but I know I will not fight again ... howard cosell I think you be resolute in you resolve to regain you crown ... ali if tomorrow they say : " we want you to fight Joe frazier . madison Square Garden . million and millionse of dollar . here 's you license back . " I will tell they : " I be sorry , but I be do . " howard cosell what about frazier ? 81 . ali you will have to wonder ... what I and smokin ' Joe would have look like . howard cosell you surprise I , Muhammad ... ali Howard , you lose you hearing along with you hair ? do not put question to it ! ( beat ) I be through fight . ' Cause I get a bigger and more important match comin ' up . the U.S. government . a heavier contender . howard cosell do you think you be go to jail ? ali I do not know , but it 's go to be a shocking and terrible fight . in fact , they might wish they let I stay in box . howard cosell Joe frazier tell I on this show he would knock you out . ali there you go , agitatin ' . ( beat ) you ask smokin ' Joe what he be smokin ' ?! Joe frazier even dream he can whup I ? he better wake up and apologize ... ( pause ) but , if I be to jump in the ring with Joe , here 's what you might see ... ( recite ) Ali come out to meet frazier , but frazier start to retreat ; if frazier go back a inch farther , he will wind up in a ringside seat ; Ali swing with a leave , Ali swing with a right . frazier keep backin' , but there 's not enough room . it a matter of time before Ali lower the boom ; now Ali land with a right , what ( more ) 82. ali ( cont 'd ) a beautiful swing , but the punch lift frazier clean out of the ring . frazier 's still risin ' , but the referee wear a frown , ' Cause he can not start countin ' ' till frazier come down . and frazier 's disappear from view . and the crowd be get frantic . then we radar station pick he up . he 's somewhere over the Atlantic . who would have think when they come to this fight , that they would witness the launching of a black satellite ? there 's laughter off - camera in the studio and a wry smile on cosell 's face . ali ( cont 'd ) but do not wait for they fight . ' Cause it be not never gonna happen . you only can wonder and imagine ... the phone in the master control booth and ringing off the hook ... the public 's reaction to Ali 's bre 'r rabbit routine . Ali use he ability to command presence in media to promote the only fight the public want to see ... ext . clay house - cassius , sr . - day ali ( v.o. ) you want I to buy you a drink ? Ali 's dad sit on a crate , painting the door of a delivery truck . he look up ... Ali be there . emotion well up in both man . the young " rebelistic " son , see he father , who be so like he . the older hep - cat who get cheat by life of he potential and promise . in this case , he boy , he boy 's name , pride and reflect glory ... cassius clay , sr . I do not drink no more . ( squint at he ) you wanna fight ? ali I do not wanna fight no more . not with you ... as they embrace , odessa come out , watch they . 83. ext . broad STREET - philadelphia - day Ali stand on the street corner , shade , incognito . a gold cadillac pull up : joe frazier . he be wear a lemon yellow cowboy outfit , stetson hat , stripe pants . Ali look at he in disbelief . ali who dress you , Joe ? you look like Dale Evans . frazier shut up . get in . Ali get in , frazier take off . he sit sideways on the seat , steer with one finger , flick on the radio : Isaac haye . frazier ( cont 'd ) what the hell you in Philly for ? Philly my town . ali to be closer to you , honey . frazier fuck you . ali there be two undefeate heavyweight champion ! and they be not fight ! frazier I wanna fight you ! Said it a hundred time . the man will not let you fight no more . what you complainin ' to I for ? ali ' Cause you gotta get behind this and we gotta do this . frazier screech to a stop in the middle of Columbia Avenue . frazier we ... " gotta " do nothin ' !!! ali you wanna get this on , Joe ? you and I ? or not ?! frazier what about you license ? 84 . ali I can fight in Atlanta . frazier how 's that ? what about the box Commission ? ali Georgia be not get no state box commission . and Atlanta get a black city council ; a liberal jewish mayor , Sam something . it all set . I do a prelim in Atlanta with Jerry quarry . but we get to get the steamroller movin ' now . frazier what I get to do ? ali you announce that if I beat quarry you give I the title shot . ( put it to he ) so what you say ... maaan ? frazier stop in front of he renovate duplex in the North Philadelphia ghetto . frazier my daddy be a sharecropper . I work in a slaughterhouse ... right on that corner . I come up from nothing . ( raise fist ) what I get , I get with this . and I already get the title . so I get nothing to win and everything to lose . ali but you know you be not the champ yet . frazier ( look at he ) yeah ... " yet . " ( beat ) all right . you beat quarry , I will get inna ring and fuck you up ... they drive off . after a moment , frazier look sideways at he . frazier ( cont 'd ) ( quieter ) you need any money or anything to tide you by ...? 85 . ali ( turn away ) I be fine . thanks . and Ali rest a hand on frazier 's shoulder , and they drive off like that . int . fifth STREET gym - ali + larry holme - day sparring . Ali 's sweat more than we have see he sweat before . it 's pour off he . it stain wet he grey sweatsuit . into he eye , through the headgear ... wider bingham take picture . sarria , rudy and the media in force be there for the start of Ali 's comeback . from behind ali be head gear Ali spot ... a figure step through the door . it 's bundini . Ali , see everything all the time , react not at all , turn he back . bundini be thin , draw , stoop , but clear - eye . everyone turn . it take tremendous courage for bundini to walk to the ring , expect another rejection . angelo dundee time !! Ali go to angelo in he corner . angelo dundee ( cont 'd ) Weight 's comin ' down . 222 . Ali first acknowledge bundini . Ali move down the rope , scowl down at he . ali what you want ? bundini take I back , boss . ali you want I to take you back ? bundini I be clean . ( beat ) and you a resurrection . this be God 's act . anybody love poor people and little people and fuck - up people gotta be a prophet . ( more ) 86 . bundini ( cont 'd ) and the prophet be go home . you the sun . let I live in the light . ( pause ) take I with , boss . ( beat ) ... I will do anything . Ali consider this man : all jive and bullshit and also he shaman and resident poet . ali ( quietly ) you can not hit what you can not see . bundini slowly come alive , then : bundini ( quietly ) float like a butterfly , sting like a bee . they look at each other . ali / bundini ( quietly ) rumble , young man , rumble ! int . CITY auditorium , atlanta - ali + quarry - night we have enter mid-fight in the second round . we be very close . quarry have Ali against the rope . Ali push he off . quarry come in again . Ali dance , feint and catch quarry over he right eye with a jab throw while go backwards ! quarry shake it off . reorganize . throw two jab , a right to the body and try to follow it up with a leave hook . Ali tie he up . the ref separate they . quarry come in again . Ali throw a leave cross over quarry 's right , which Ali lean away from , and add two rapid , glance jab to the same spot . and Ali open a CUT . the bell sound , end round two . crowd go nut , that part that 's pro- Ali : Atlanta 's black elite and scattered white . and the thunderous noise become one sound , one momentum , cheer they warrior saint , they defiant champion 's return . and they roar become thunder ... a momentum unto its own , drive ... 87 . ali' corner : ali can not wait for the bell to ring . he suck in a huge breath through he nose and blow it out . angelo apply vaseline . bundini you the man ! you superman ! ai not no kryptonite in this ring tonight ! the bell sound round Three . int . the ring - over ali past he , hearing he , we be he . we think what he think ; see what he see . quarry 's corner work on the cut . Ali feint a leave and throw a leave cross over quarry 's attempt to block it . quarry come in again . Ali 's next three rip leave jab almost like karate shot ... all with a sharp snap at the point of impact ... quarry eyebrow stream blood ... interpose himself between they arm ... referee stop the fight . irish Jerry quarry damned by skin that cut and bleed . crowd go nut ! they champion have return . ali throw he arm in the air . quarry be argue not to have the fight stop . now he appeal to Ali ! close : ali + quarry Ali know quarry 's anguish . they embrace . Ali say thing to he . and for that moment they be a island . Ali and quarry , they arm interlocked , be they own tribe . two pugilist , no longer adversarial , a class unto themselves . then ... ali be pick up by angelo . bundini 's run into the ring . Ali 's arrive . he be come back . int . muhammad' dressing room - ali - night seat , be examine by Pacheco , he hand still tape . the dress room 's crowded . belinda enter , embrace she husband . then Ali hear a familiar voice . he see Herbert Muhammad , along with the expressionless Joseph 13x and 88. another noi man , have enter . belinda ( low ) ... you do not need they management ... Ali squeeze she hand ... and Herbert quietly come over . he 's nervous . herbert as - saalam alaikum ... brother Muhammad ... ali all praise to Allah ... ( a beat , and softly ... ) ... alaikum salaam ... and people , feel the awkwardness , give they room ... move out of earshot . herbert ( beam ) the Messenger have lift the suspension , Muhammad . congratulation . ali you say I can be a Muslim again , Herbert ? herbert yes . ali ( cold ) I never stop . like I never stop be champ . herbert I begge my father to reinstate you . ali when ? after I promote quarry fight ? after I win it ? herbert we can get you frazier . ali I already get frazier . herbert we can get you five million dollar for frazier . 89 . ali be we talk management , talk money or talk religion ? herbert when you ... ali ( interrupt ) when I get leery and talk up how come I be break , then come the suspension . now , you explain that to I , my brother ...? herbert it 's my father ... ali ( put a hand on he shoulder ) I love the Nation , Herbert . I love elijah Muhammad . but it do not own I . Herbert 's convinced he 's get tell " no . " ali ( cont 'd ) now , you go on out . and you make the frazier deal . the reversal surprise Herbert ; anger belinda . herbert my brother ! Ali stop he , keep he distant . ali yeah ... Herbert and Joseph 13x leave . bingham you b-b-becom a Christian ? forgive and forget ? belinda stare at he , contain she fury . Ali confront she look , frankly , then turn to get dress . int . the dine hall - ali - late afternoon and belinda , with new twin baby ; maryum ; dundee ; Pacheco ; cassius , sr. ; sarria ; and Ali 's entourage . they be all around long table , eat dinner . a large sign over the kitchen counter with " lana shabazz ' ten commandment " ... like : 90 . # 7 " anyone bring guest in for dinner without prior notice will be award thwacks on skull with sharpe object . " # 8 " please waite , Rome be not burnt in a day ; it take a while to burne the roaste . " lana shabazz answer a phone and bring it to Ali . Ali 's get one of the twin , feed she a bottle and drink from it , too . intercut with : int . ABC wide world of sport set - cosell - day howard cosell Muhammad , you t.k.o. 'ed them ... ali what be you talk about , Howard ? quarry ? howard cosell ( read ) no . " the Supreme Court rule today in the case of the United States versus . cassius clay , a.k.a. Muhammad Ali ... " ( look up ) you win a 8 - 0 unanimous decision . you be free . int . the dine hall - ali - late afternoon take in the news , thanks Howard and hang up . it be a shine moment after live under the threat of imprisonment for three - and - a-half year . ali I be free . angelo dundee what be you talk about ? ali Supreme Court set I free . bundini that 's ' cause they know the king be gonna go home to he throne . and they know everybody 's with you , now . and they wanna be on the right side ! int . madison square garden - wide - night a sea of glitter : the Black royalty of America in they ' 70 's robe . Movie star 20 row back . burt lancaster be cosell 's color man . Frank Sinatra be work as a still 91 . photographer . in the press section be plimpton type , schulberg / mailer type , lipsyte , cosell . microphone descend from the overhead lighting grid . the announcer 's hand take it ... announcer lady and gentleman , fifteen round of box for the heavyweight championship of the world ... ali look out the hood of he robe , dance , shaking it out , loosen up . announcer ( cont 'd ) ... the contender and former heavyweight champion of the world , seek to regain he title , from louisville , kentucky , Muhammad Ali !!! catcall and boo . the other half be a comeback sound . it be a nation divide : pro-war right - winger , Nixon supporter be for frazier ; the anti-war movement , celebrity , New York liberal establishment , black , Puerto rican and hippie be for Ali . announcer and in the opposite corner , the current heavyweight champion of the world , smokin ' Joe frazier ...! the contentious roar diminish only slightly for the announcer . ali' eye deep in he focus concentration . his attention so arrow like it remind we of the young man in the liston fight ... pure purpose . the ring ...only silence as the referee 's instruction be give in slo-motion . Ali bounce on the canvas . we hear he foot shift , turn , dance ... and he breathe , expectant . here come the return of what be unfairly take : he heavyweight championship . dissolve to : 92 . mid - fight - ali look swollen , out of breath . something 's wrong ! two solid Ali jab and a right hook connect . but they slow down frazier not at all . Joe frazier , short and compact , like a pit bull , bob and weave he way inside Ali 's longer reach . ali be corner - dundee + bundini shouting instruction . none get through . Ali look slow . older . int . ring - profile : ali + frazier frazier , off he bob and weaving , launch he devastating leave hook to Ali 's head . frazier be make the most of what he be : smaller . Ali clinch . very low : frazier + ali the referee separate they . both man throw and miss ... Ali on the right , frazier on the leave . Ali throw a hard leave that catch frazier but do not stop he . now frazier connect with a wild leave hook into Ali 's cheekbone . the unthinkable happens ... overhead : ali be knock down onto he knee . rule a slip , he stand immediately and continue . Ali , back against the rope again , block shot , push frazier into the middle of the ring ... ali swing frazier around . but frazier crank he leave . ali sees it coming ... ali ( to himself ) hook 's comin ' . lean back , man ! move back ! work legs ...! but Ali 's leg don 't work fast enough . frazier 's hook crash into Ali 's face . Ali go rubbery as he back to the rope . Ali come out and back to the rope on the other side , with cartoon rubbery leg . but the mimicry be camouflage . he really be wobble . the crowd be go wild . we hear everything , now . frazier be wary . he do not trust Ali . he walk across the ring , allow Ali to recuperate ... the bell . Ali walk to he corner , drain ... 93. howard cosell ( v.o. ) Ali be out ! he be out on he foot . Joe almost have he . frazier must have think Ali be play possum . ' Cause Ali 's a clown . other have come in on Ali when he 's play possum and get knock out . Ali save himself with guile . round fifteen : they clinch . they separate . they both ... as if mirror image of each other ... crouch , look for shot . Ali 's right be down . frazier 's right be down . as they both rise up out of the crouch , frazier 's out of the box first . Ali 's right be come around . frazier 's leave hook slam Ali across the jaw . Ali go down . half the crowd roar for frazier . Ali get right up and stand in the corner and take the mandatory eight - count . the right side of he face be swollen like a balloon . they resume ... overhead : another clinch Ali take another right , but the rope hold he up . another leave catch Ali . frazier 's face be a grotesque , swollen mask . he do not care . ali be exhaust . labor breathe . the crowd cheer frazier . then the bell . Ali drop he arm . he know he lose . frazier raise he arm . he know he win . half the crowd cheer . int . madison square garden , ali' dressing room - ali - night angelo dundee Hell of a fight , champ ... not only have we see Ali lose for the first time , not only do we see he bruise , but when a fighter 's beat , everybody who believe in he be beat . angelo 's cut the tape off he hand . bundini place a ice pack on the back of he neck . hanger - on they steal it from you ! ( etc . ) bundini 's wise enough to say nothing . 94 . ali shut up ! I lost ( louder ) get outta here ... rudy hear ... rudy go on ! everybody out ! as they leave , the door reveal pack media outside . door close . now it 's only the inner circle . angelo dundee ( to Pacheco ) ferdie , take a look at this ... ( to Ali ) it be still a hell of a fight . ali where 's belinda ? pacheco she faint ... they take she to the aid station . she 's okay . Pacheco look at Ali 's hand . it shake . Pacheco look at Ali 's eye and have he follow he finger . ali my hand be in sand , Angie . my foot in water ... angelo dundee maybe we shoulda have more time between blin and this , you know ... to get back into ... ali woulda , shoulda , coulda ... ( pause ) after three - and -a-half year , this ... from how far back ... comeback be . Ali throw a water bottle . it shatter and splay wet down the wall . there be mature , deep -seate , dead -serious molten anger . everybody in the room feel it . int . corridor with bundini , bingham , rudy and sarria as a wedge , Ali drive through reporter on the way to belinda . Press mob Ali ... 95 . PRESS be you rob ? ali I lose . you lose , you do not shoot yourself . the world go on . another reporter Joe say he do not think you want to fight he again ... ali ( stop ) oh , how wrong he be . int . madison square garden , aid station - belinda - night see Ali ... the beat . she begin cry . belinda my God . they kill you ! Ali move to she , follow by bingham and Pacheco . a doctor 's approach with a sedative in a syringe . pacheco get away from she . what be that ? Ali lean over , speak softly . ali I be not dead , baby ! c'mon . embrace she , he eye connect with dundee . Ali 's Supreme Court victory be meaningless . it 's drown by the loss of what the political persecution take from he : he prime , he season that would have be he most brilliant . int . san diego sport arena , ali versus . norton I ( 2nd round ) - two fighter - night blur in slo -mo . focus be beyond , to the crowd . over ali : out-of -focus ken norton's right fist start a arc ... or jam towards we . riding norton's fist - slo -mo towards Ali . we pass crowd , the lighting grid above and slam into the side of Ali 's jaw , and on the moment of impact ... 96 . ecu : x-ray image - slo -mo of Ali 's jaw break , shearing , leave a eighth - inch gap in the bone of the lower mandible ... and become ... cms : ali take the shot , cover and assault , cover with he leave , which he turn into a jab , aggressively go after norton . image turn to white as ... int . san diego sport arena , ali' corner - white towel fill the frame . go behind it as they shield Ali spitting blood into a bucket . ali I can move my jaw with my tongue . he get I ... Pacheco look into he mouth . pacheco ( concerned ) it 's break . I think ... I think you jaw 's break . meanwhile , Ali spot ... referee curious about the activity in Ali 's corner , start over ... pacheco nod to dundee . dundee start to reach . Ali snatch angelo 's hand hold the towel . angelo 's about to end the fight ... ali ai not stoppin ' nothin ' ...! ( glare at they ) nothin ' stoppin ' ...! a bell sound and Ali go out to fight in a overhead shot . burn out to white : 97 . int . san diego sport arena , ali and he cornermen + security - night leave the ring and another defeat , as they move up the aisle towards the locker room ... int . ali' woodlawn avenue house ( chicago ) , live room - ali - day watch television . the place be a huge mansion on Chicago 's South side . herbert now that smokin ' Joe 's run out of tomato can to beat up , I finally get yank to commit to a rematch with you in about six month . frazier say he would be happy with three mile ... ( beat ) widen to include the live room with bingham , ali be twins -- rasheeda and jamillah -- muhammad , JR . and maryum herbert ( cont 'd ) I will fly to Jamaica and get yank to sign right after Joe beat this big stiff . ( to tv ) over ali : console tv they watch the frazier - Foreman fight from Jamaica amid the wonderful chaos generate by kid and they toy , who crawl all over Ali as if he be furniture . frazier and Foreman be in the center of the ring ... we see Don King in frazier 's corner . ali ( through still - wire - together jaw ) Foreman call I one time after he win the Olympic ... meanwhile , frazier bob and weave , duck and move like he do with Ali . Joe throw a leave hook , lean forward with it . before it land , Foreman unleash a hard right that jolt frazier sideways . frazier throw another hook that miss . Foreman hit he with a combination of right and three left ... two hook and a uppercut that lift frazier off the ground . Ali lean in to see ... 98 . howard cosell ( shouting ) down goe frazier ! down goe frazier ! on tv : the ring frazier stand . the referee do the mandatory eight - count . Foreman bang frazier into the corner and blast he again . frazier try to muscle out of the corner . Foreman lift and throw he back into the corner . Foreman 's power be unreal . frazier be the man who beat Ali . now , frazier feint and slide sideways , and Foreman hit he in the back of the head . frazier go down again . it be savage . here be a new world champion : George Foreman . bingham ( wry ) B - b - be easy gettin ' a frazier fight now . he be not the champ of anything except get knock down . int . madison square garden ( ali - frazier ii ) - hand + arm - night grab . holding . Ali 's get Joe 's powerful leave tie up this time . a clinch . separate . a punch . a hook. clinch . they separate ... over joe : Ali , have Joe at the right range , hit he . Joe move in . Ali drag he closer and tie he up . they dance ... there body Ali do a little shuffle , circle to keep Joe at hit distance , land a combination . Joe close , but Ali will not let he in and tie up Joe . we hear a bell and that 's the end of the fight . not a bang ; a whimper . referee hold up Ali 's hand and mouth silently word we can not hear . and as we move closer into ali be eye , we see no exaltation . this be a victory , but a hollow one . it 's a decision eked out . int . new york coffee shop - wide the inner circle : Ali , Pacheco , dundee , bundini , bingham . ali so. 99 . angelo dundee so we only eked this one out . and George Foreman make frazier look like a sissy . pacheco you see they fight ? howard bingham you mean the Joe frazier fall - down lesson ? pacheco and Foreman be 24 . you be 32 year old . I do not want to see you head get turn into someone 's bull 's - eye . angelo dundee ... but , you go ? we be the corner , same as always . but it be not gonna be easy . ali ( to angelo ) you think I still get the tool ? angelo dundee you get the tool , daddy . but they different . ali ( think ; decide : go ) well , you better sharpen them up . ' Cause we goin ' to Africa . bundini the motherland . from the root to the fruit . we gonna rumble ... in the jungle . ali it 's time to be heavyweight champion of the world again . bundini yeah , man ! int . new york PRESS conference - day don king " rumble in the jungle ! " that 's the name I give it . 100 . Ali and Don King hold court with the press . also there be George Foreman and he trainer , Dick sadler , and he manager , nilon . don king ( cont 'd ) a historical happen . this event will show that the black man have arrive on the world stage . Muhammad Ali and George Foreman in kinshasa , Zaire . PRESS reaction : where 's Zaire ? reporter don. Zaire ? why not Antarctica ? what 's wrong with New York City ? don king because you miss the significance . I dream , as Martin luther King once dreamt , that a man could be judge by the content of he mind . this be about black man help black man , overcome four hundred year of racial depression to the dawn of a new day of liberation ... financial and otherwise . King get really evangelistic ... don king ( cont 'd ) it will raise up the spirit of we inner city . it will rise up and fill with hope the soul , the unrequite need of the black proletariat , that be , the discourage , dispirite , denigrate , denizen of the demimonde , that be call ... the ghetto . Ali 's look at he in amazement . ali man , you crazy . Don King laugh . as the press dig King ... move onto Foreman , and here 's what 's wrong with all of this ...we see that Foreman , eight year young , two inch taller , almost as fast and seemingly twice as strong , be not beatable by Muhammad Ali . Foreman just do not hurt you , Foreman can kill you . how be Ali not go to get kill by this man 101 . with death in he eye and indifference on he face ? meanwhile ... don king ten million dollar . with one stroke of the pen , you split the world 's biggest emolumation of the history of sport ! Ali sign a contract ; then Foreman . flashbulb . don king ( cont 'd ) the " rumble in the jungle " ! Don King burst out laugh . ext . kinshasa airport , tarmac - roof - past head - day push through people and see a Air Zaire DC - 10 pull in . a ramp be wheeled up . the plane stop taxiing . Zairian official in safari suit , paratrooper with white helmet , lt . nsakala and hundred of African , european and american media with camera and light approach . the hatch open . a roar emerge from the right and leave . we do not see the source . int . AIR zaire DC - 10' - ali belinda 's behind he . bingham 's there , bundini , angelo dundee , sarria . as they crowd to the door , we be shoot over ali start down the ramp . he look up . we do not see what he see . we see only the crowd of people at the foot of the ramp , include Don King in a dashiki and the crowd on the tarmac . frontal : ali look above the receive party . the roar again . he look side to side , almost distract from King and the official . he wave . distant crowd roar increase . they be chant something . we do not understand the word . it contain he name . now ... past ali : reveal a thousand people be beyond the receive party . they be on the roof of the airport . they be sit on balcony and fence . they be wave they arm . they be on every possible horizontal surface that can support weight . they be shouting in unison , a syncopate roar ... he name and something else . Ali move through the receive party , as if in a trance , to get through the airport to the other side . Security try to keep up ... 102 . ext . airport entrance + STREET - ali emerge and react . he 's electrify . dundee , bingham , and a few cop be with he . everybody else get leave behind . reveal 10,000 people be outside the airport , cheer he arrival . they cheer be thunder . ali ( to Zairian official ; shout ) what be they say , man ?!!! why they say that ? zairian official # 1 they say , " Ali , boma ye . Ali , boma ye . " ali what 's that mean ?! I do not understand ! zairian official # 1 it mean ...! ali ( can not hear ) what ?! zairian official # 1 ( have to shout ) it mean ... " Ali , kill he ! Ali , kill he ! " Ali move forward . the Zairian official and four cop fade back , nervous about be in so large a crowd . the crowd 's a tidal wave , carry Ali forward , support , never mob he . muhammad ali be overcome . this be all for he . he be they hero . he defy the world 's powerful . they try and could not destroy he . his defiance make he they champion . and now he have come to contest he rightful title against the numb instrument of the all - powerful . he raise he arm , too , and shout ... ali Ali , boma ye ! ten thousand voice carry it on the wind and take away Ali 's breath . ali ( cont 'd ) Ali , boma ye ! 103 . don king , zairian official # 1 + # 2 in the rear realize , as do we , this be not merely a boxing match . CUT to : int . AIR zaire DC - 10 - night a tower man in denim with sequin block we view of the door as he walk out onto the ramp . only now do we see beyond he a small welcoming party . Native African dancer , a big banner that proclaim , " welcome , George Foreman , " the Zairian paratrooper , media and a few dozen of the curious . frontal : GEORGE foreman look like " superfly " on steroid . his entourage follow he down the ramp . dick sadler , tough and smart , be the Louis armstrong of trainer . archie moore , crafty and wise , wear a blue shirt and blue pea-cap . if George Foreman wonder at the paucity of he reception , he do not let on . int . ali be house , n'sele - ali - morning sit in extreme close - up drink coffee ... lose in think . he 's somewhere else , puzzle , alone in he thought . he wear grey sweatpant , a thin -rubber long - sleeve T-shirt under he grey sweatshirt . he 's oblivious to the Euro - modern furnishings . then it 's time , and he leave ... ext . n'sele compound - wide : ali enter from he bungalow . we see we be in a compound . they be white and severely truncate house link by sidewalk and too many large street lamp . as Ali start to jog through this imitation of suburbia with the scale all wrong . it 's like a gulag in reverse for the rich and powerful to be within while keep the rest of the country out . as Ali pass , reveal we be at the bank of the congo River . as Ali start he predawn run , across the river the first band of magenta tints the horizon and reflect molten on the water . tracking shot : ali + dundee , sarria in a pickup truck - red dawn plus two trainer and the ever- present Zairian policeman , Lt. nsakala . the early paint the red-earth ochre . 104 . ali ( to himself ) fast . six leave jab flash from he chest and shoulder , follow by a right hook and leave and right uppercut . ali ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) back up , maaan ... ( weave suddenly ; another voice ) ... you fast ! Ali slide to the right and throw a leave jab and hook off the jab . ext . kinshasa road - empty road - morning light Ali enter , run . the road be line with mobutu 's green billboard in french and English , proclaim Zaire wonderful . a few kid emerge from behind the sign , come out from between ... and they trail Ali . kide Ali , boma ye ! ali ( repeat ) Ali , boma ye George Foreman ! and he throw a couple at a imaginary George Foreman . there be 15 to 16 kid , now . ali ( cont 'd ) you out , sucker ! curious , Ali run behind the green sign from where the kid come . ali be still jogging . behind the sign , he become a magnetic attraction . people be surprised to see Ali . he 's make they day . euphoric kid parallel he , run with he , follow he ... past ali : the concrete- and - cinder - block wall to the dusty , bare ground be chromatic . primary color . ethnographically interesting . 105 . ali sees interior . Broken wall . no roof . no plumbing . people come from a ditch with a shower curtain for privacy , surprised to see Ali . face indifferent to squalor . this be the ethnographically " interesting " surface of what , in fact , be civic disintegration start to occur ... it be the human concomitant to 13 year of mobutu kleptocracy . ali look at the back of the sign . he and we realize the sign ' purpose : to hide the makeshift plastic wall and room make from cardboard container and oil drum from the foreigner travel the road to kinshasa . one teenager with a withered arm and a big smile run up ... teenager ( break English ) you beat they , Ali ! ali Foreman ? I kill he ! he mime knock out Foreman . something powerful be affect Ali . we do not know what it be . Ali slow down ... ... throw two lightning jab and a hook . Ali reach to the kid 's head and pull a coin . he flip it to another kid and walk on . a second teenager come out and want Ali to look at something around the back . he take Ali 's hand ... and hold it . Ali comply . the entourage follow ... around corner : kide ' painting on wall it 's a imitation fight poster . childlike caricature in basquiat - like brush stroke . Foreman 's get cross for eye . he 's out ! Ali be victorious ! his fist be raise . his cartoon face shout he victory ... the people 's champion . there 's more . there 's knock - out white policeman , knock - out black soldier , knock - out landlord , knock - out South Africa , knock - out plane and tank , knock - out tse- tse fly ... everything ! so much , it mean " all " ... all expectation . this childish painting powerfully affect Ali . the kid look at he . it 's still . some kid in the back leap up in the air to see over taller head what Ali 's do . ali look at individual face . a grin older man with a blue transistor radio ( we will see he later ) . a smile kid . a girl with no shoe . a teenage kid jump up and down ... all look at he . Ali make four piece of rope appear . he rub they together ... 106 . ali ( cont 'd ) shazaam !!! they become one . everybody go nut . as Ali leave , he eye go back to the people and the painting ... ext . kinshasa road - ecu : ali be face - morning ( GREEN screen ) ali ( to himself ) ... even if I die here . if it kill I , no matter what ... I gotta win . concentration have take he into the athlete 's zone , the state of unify awareness wherein dwell he total self - knowledge . and he know the transaction : what they give he with they adoration , which he convert to power , be in exchange for what he mean to they . and what he mean to they be specific : he represent they in defy power and vanquish what oppress . he validate the existence of expectation , that struggle be possible ... George Foreman , mute and unknowingly , represent disinterested power . Ali do not " accept " he obligation ; he embrace it . it be he purpose , reveal . and he will never waver from it . CUT to : int . intercontinental HOTEL , anteroom ( kinshasa ) - ali - day wait , sit on a table edge in a corridor . noise of a press conference set . Howard cosell cross through , smoking . bingham enter and gesture ... they be ready . Ali wave off bingham , stop cosell ... ali Howard ! how many you ugly sportswriter in there get I over Foreman ? do not lie . howard cosell ( beat ) some of we ... norman , I ... be worried . how you gonna dance against George ?? he 's sparring with a middleweight , training to cut you off . he get you against the rope , he can knock you out with either hand . ali ( drop facade ) what 's the odd ? 107 . howard cosell two-and -a-half -to-one . against . we be worried you be go to get hurt . no one think Ali will win . int . intercontinental HOTEL , media conference room - close : ali - day ali this will be the biggest upset since sonny liston . I want all of you to write it down ! this fight be no contest ! we have jamme into the middle of Ali in a blast of braggadocio . ali ( cont 'd ) George Foreman be a big mummy . I have officially name he " the mummy . " laughter . ali ( cont 'd ) George punch be like " look out , here come the leave . " whomp ! ( stiff - armed swing ) here come the right ! whomp ! like a mummy . but " the mummy " can not hit what it can not see . I be fast ! gonna dance . be all over George . George be gonna feel he surround . ( beat ) and I do something ' new for this fight ; I do rassle with a alligator . anticipatory laughter . they have have twelve year ' experience of Ali 's stand - up and know when a new routine 's start ... ali ( cont 'd ) that 's right ! ( laughter again ; Ali almost lose it ) I have rassle with a alligator . I do tussle with a whale . I do handcuff lightning , throw thunder in jail . that 's bad ! only last week I murder a rock . injured a stone . hospitalize a brick . I be so mean , I make medicine sick . laughter . 108 . howard cosell Muhammad , I be sorry . I have to ask . ( he hesitates ; he 's sorry , but ) be you really fast enough , anymore ? to beat George Foreman ? many people believe you do not have the same skill , that you be not the same man you use to be ten year ago . there it be . have doubt , speak truthfully in the open , close the mouth of Muhammad Ali ? a beat . then ... ali Howard . I do not want to talk about this , especially in front of everybody . but I talk to you wife ! and she tell I you be not the man you use to be ... two year ago ! the assemble media crack up . Ali 's eye be wide in mock amazement . close : cosell a bittersweet smile and the eye contact with Ali . cosell know ... int . gym floor - heavy bag - late afternoon be slam by a massive fist . it leave a dent the size of a deflate basketball . the fist be George Foreman 's . dick sadler hold the bag . Foreman throw hook , one after the other . each blow rock sadler . George be literally punch a hole in the bag . this blow would mash a opponent 's liver , break rib , destroy kidney . this man can do more than hurt you . this man can kill you . int . ring - foreman + sparring partner - later Foreman be box a middleweight . he be smaller than Foreman and , therefore , faster . and , that 's the point . the partner try to circle , slide , dance away , and Foreman cut he off and drive he to the rope where he tag he . he do not put a lot behind it . partner slide ... foreman dart leave and jar he with three leave jab , keep he on the rope . Foreman 's training to defeat Ali 's dance , he " float + sting " tactic . 109 . close : GEORGE foreman be young , have unreal power and he can move . CUT to : int . training compound - metal grill door : ali' entourage be enter . Lieutenant nsakala be there , too . they time - share the facility . Foreman 's entourage with conga drummer be exite . Ali and Foreman be never closer than 10 foot apart . Foreman say nothing . Ali start bang he hand on Foreman 's conga and shout over the percussion at Foreman ... ali salaam alaikum , brother ! ( raise one arm ) the champ be here ! side angle : the two entourages pass . comparatively , Foreman look bigger . he be more dense of bone . he 's taller . his chest seem deeper and he shoulder wider . and foreman' expression be casual , unrattle by Ali 's antic . he be menace in he indifference . it mean he 's also immune to get psyched out by Ali . int . ring - crowd - later bundini 's in Ali 's corner . Ali 's sparring partner be Larry holme . Ali 's hand be at he side . he dance , bicycle , shuffles , dance , dodge , do not throw anything , he elbow at he side . Ali be training to dance from Foreman . he 's fast , but not seemingly suspend in air as he be 10 long year ago against liston . int . n'sele compound , ali be house - belinda - morning belinda here 's you water . ali bottle water . frozen steak . bring all this stuff like african do not have steak ... belinda you could pick up parasite ... 110 . ali they eat it . belinda you be see what you want to see , Muhammad ... ali mobutu eat it ... belinda mobutu be take care of mobutu and steal all the wealth and send it to Switzerland ... ali ( pause ) so ? what 's that do with any of why we here ? belinda ( she do not get it ) we be here ' cause Don King get mobutu to put up ten million dollar . Don King do not give a damn about Africa . he worse than Herbert . ali here come " Herbert . " belinda yeah . ' Cause where be he when we be break and borrow money ? and bundini and all they that " love you " ? disappear , be where they be . ( on a roll ) all over you when you get it and drop off you when you do not ... ali money ? I do " money -making " whenever I want . money be easy . belinda ( run on ) and Don King fit right in ... that double - breast hipster be now a dashiki-wearing rip-off . ali Don King deliver the first black - promote championship fight in Africa ! 111 . belinda Don King talk black , life white and think green ! why you defend he and " brother " Herbert ? ( against I ) ali ' Cause clean - cut Muslims parade on the South side of Chicago do not get this do ! I get to put honkey with connection and bad - ass nigger to it , too . belinda ( not hearing ) and now they get you up against George Foreman . do they give a damn you could get kill ? ali that what this be ? think I gonna lose ? puttin ' doubt on I ? belinda ( tear flow ) I think : why be my Muslim husband let himself get strung up on a cross ...? it mean , " tell I . " he will not . Ali pick up he bag and start out ... belinda ( cont 'd ) maryum be sick . maybe I oughta go back to Chicago and look after she . ali sure . belinda I will be back before the fight . ( sarcastic ) if that 's all right , my husband ... he walk out the door . CUT to : ext . kinshasa arena - 75 zairian tribal dancers - night to percussion . the number . 112 . ali , angelo and bingham in the empty seating , look at the ring under the canopy . behind they be the rehearsal . meanwhile ... CUT to : ext . arena , entrance - two car arrive , include in the first a interpreter , Zairian official # 2 , a policeman Driver ; and in the second car be Don King , Herbert , veronica , and another american woman ( silent bit ) . they be in a hurry ... ext . arena - ali be be teach to dance by two dancer . they fail . in the background , worker be raise gigantic mobutu portrait . the pointer sister begin . aisle Don King and entourage approach . don king ( over the drum ) champ ! champ ! George have a accident . angelo dundee ( suspicious ) what be you talk about ? pointer sister start " yes , we can can . " don king get cut . right above he right eye . his sparring partner 's elbow . Split it open , so ... angelo dundee can he fight ? don king not for six week . Ali laugh . don king ( cont 'd ) this be not a humorous situation , my champion . this postponement could be long , especially if George leave . 113 . angelo dundee be you tryin ' to pull something , Don ? Ali want he title . and he want it back in Zaire . George leave , he be not comin ' back . George do not like it here . pointer sister ' rehearsal cut ... re-organize . don king how right you be , my suspicious and short italian brother . and my fiduciary responsibility to this first all - black promotion be like a garden in the African sun . it must grow ! it must bloom ! it can not flower in the gloom and shade of postponement to some dome . like the astrodome , the super-dome , any dome outta Zaire , where it be deprive of light and ble of water . ' Cause what gonna bleed ... be money . a hemorrhage of cash . ( see it all ) ... blood on the floor . double hotel cost . double travel cost . airplane . food and beverage ... angelo dundee ( rhetorical ) what do you expect we to do , Don ? don king ( move close to Ali ) Muhammad . find a way to get George to stay . be mose in reverse : do not let my people go ! stay the fuck right here , in Egypt , if you will pardon my swahili . bingham l-l-l-lingala . don king what ? bingham lingala . they s-s-s-speak lingala . don king who care ? pointer sister probably end here . after a beat , percussion start up . dancer drift in . 114 . angelo dundee ( piss , diss big ) if George go ? you forfeit five million . you crawl back to Cincinnati . you be not promotin ' a charity raffle ... we see Herbert watch all of this closely ... particularly the challenge to Ali / dundee . don king ( irrepressible ) if George go ? George go , my champion , I will get you Joe frazier . ali-frazier III ... the fight everybody want to see . int . PRESS conference ali ( interrupt ) Truth be ... George knock hisself out . Don King laugh , nervously . Ali be dare George to stay . ali ( cont 'd ) that 's right . he do three round . knew he be gonna lose to Muhammad Ali and knock hisself out . and I predict that whenever the fight be set , he might not show up ! don king ( double entendre ) you bad ! ali I be a bad man ! don king ai not no doubt about it . ali and you tell the same thing to George . media laugh , Don King go along , Ali continue ... ali ( cont 'd ) ( to King ) I be watchin ' you ! I hear you . I know he 's you man . I know you get he pick . but the man 's in trouble . ( more ) 115 . ali ( cont 'd ) the whole world be gonna know . but , now , he be not gonna show . that 's why he knock hisself out when he be training . don king ( laugh to dismiss Ali ) we will reschedule the fight , and to ensure George be ready , we be think of postpone from September 24th to October 30th . reporter what about the concert , Don ? don king that would go off as plan on September 22nd and 23rd . ali ( skeptical ) uh-huh . I want all helicopter guard ! private boat . private jet . I want the airport -- I be serious -- I want President mobutu and all he paratrooper . mobutu and all he paratrooper . I want all of you " Zairean " to be on guard ! watch all strange boat tryin ' to slip away ! they might be takin ' he out . angelo dundee the bus station . it 's Ali kid on the square . a serious point deliver not seriously to be take seriously . ali yeah . watch the bus station . watch everything ! elephant caravan . he might sneak out by elephant . bundini think of a line and whisper it to Don . Don lean past dundee to pass it on Ali . angelo dundee what you say ? don king I be not talkin ' to you ! 116 . ali ( to King ) hey !!! his eye flash . he lean forward and put a finger in Don King 's face . ali ( cont 'd ) do not talk to angelo like that ! do not you talk to he like that ever again !!! Ali be not fuck around . Ali have reason for work with don. belittle angelo cut across all that . danger 's in the air . dundee put he hand up . ali ( cont 'd ) you think you be callin ' this shot , Don ? you be not . Ali pull out a comb and start to comb he hair . ali ( cont 'd ) ( to King ) they know ! ( segues into a routine ) all that lady out there know . Ali be mercurial be unexpected by Don . laughter from particularly the woman as he comb he hair and segues ... ali ( cont 'd ) ( mock demagoguery ) they know I be ready ! I see fear in the eye of he follower ! I see fear ! this be the fight that Muhammad Ali be suppose to be end . the myth of Muhammad be suppose to fall ! ( hit the table with he fist ; glare at King ) suppose to be my destruction ! ( french voice and laughter , understate ) they miscalculate . they misjudge . they get it ... wrong . Ali 's serve notice to anyone with ear to hear it : he 's multidimensional , strategic and dangerous as hell . a taste of what 's to come . 117 . ext . veranda - ali , bundini , bingham + angelo - day waiter scurry . Ali talk to a blonde reporter from France and settles next to Lloyd price , without a shirt . everyone crowd around they table . a zairian interpreter and Lieutenant nsakala be present . Ali disregard they presence because he attention track ... ali be Pov : veronica see over the head of Zairian . she 's 5 foot 10 inch tall . without acknowledge she 's the object of Ali 's attention , she radar tell she she 's the object of Ali 's attention . ali ( v.o. ) say , girl ...! Veronica turn , see ali. light up . ali ( cont 'd ) c'mere . I know you ? over veronica as she make she way to the table by Ali 's side , where he take she hand in he . veronica I do not think so . ali what 's you name ? veronica Veronica porche . ali like the sport car . veronica ( laugh ) yes . ali but with a little something extra . ( beat ) Veronica , I know you now . c'mere , sit down . he steer she into the chair next to he , which be immediately vacate by Lloyd price . ali ( cont 'd ) you with Don ? 118. veronica Don bring I here , but I be not " with " ... anybody . the other be pay they no attention . bundini stand to talk to Howard cosell . there 's a ocean of side conversation . Ali 's presentation to Veronica be natural , open admire . it be not seduction . it 's more seductive than seduction . she feel from Ali nothing predatory or exploitative ... only the warm ray of the sun from he open face and appreciate eye . still hold she hand ... ali where you from ? meanwhile , George Foreman , with sadler , Moore , broadus , see and laugh at Ali and Veronica and onto George Foreman go into hotel . veronica l.a . but my people be from Louisiana . we be creole . so I be African , french , Spanish , my mother 's grandfather be jewish . ali ( look at she admiringly ) well ... they all come together real nice . veronica you know ... ( hesitate ; low ) ... I be glad you say what you do . you make sure this fight stay here . ali all they writer in there think Foreman gonna ... kill I ! ( eye go wide ) what you think ? veronica Ali , boma ye . meanwhile , 15 chinese and some vietnamese approach and wait patiently . Ali have to force he attention away from Veronica to respond ... they all bow . he bow . the Zairian interpreter translate English to french to another Zairian , who speak mandarin . it all get lose in chaos while bingham shoot picture and a plimpton type explain pedantically to bundini ... 119 . plimpton type ... she 's a African " succubus . " means witch doctor . bundini succubus ? suck my dick . they be not room in Africa for more than one witch doctor . and that 's b'dini . the eye of some of the asian be very emotional . Ali stand up and bow to they . chinese bow themselves away . Ruth pointer arrive . Ali kiss she . she sit , but talk to bingham . ali you be to Hong Kong ? Taiwan ? Thailand ? veronica no . ali I can not go there . all the lady out there from Indonesia , Japan , Hawaii , India ... ( high -pitch voice , imitate female fan ) " ali-i-i-e-e -e ! ali-e-e-e ! oh , Muhammad Al - i-i-i ! " ( speak in faux foreign language , imitate female fan ; to bingham ) you see that people from Thailand ? I be in bangkok -- I could not walk . ( laughter ; hang he head ) I could not ... I just could not do nothin' . " get I outta this country ! " ( laughter ) the woman be so pretty ... bingham ' B -b-b-bout Hong Kong , man ?! you know what I hear ? ali ( interrupt ) lady in Thailand , they hair come down to they knee ... and they about Veronica 's complexion ... and they bad ! ( more ) 120 . ali ( cont 'd ) but they be not nothin ' like the " sister . " ( hold Veronica 's hand , look deep into she eye ) ai not nothin ' like the sister ! Veronica laugh as Ali mock swoon over she ... another news crew arrive . news cameraman champ ... ali ( to Veronica ) let 's go for a ride . ext . kinshasa shantytown - kide - dusk into night and old people , teenager in dirty t-shirt with strange hat . they eye be wide . reverse : ali show he bare hand . now he rub they together and magically pull from he close fist a color scarf . the kid scream . veronica squint , try to figure out how he do it , because ... ali show the scarf , push back he cuff so that he can not hide anything up he sleeve . his wrist be bare . he show both side . now , he take the scarf and push with he right hand and feed it into the close fist of he leave . he look up wide - eye at everybody . then , he open he finger and the scarf be not there ! ali + veronica walk , tower over the kid . one girl hold Ali 's hand . the other maintain a respectful proximity so that they do not invade the space around Ali . ali so why you glad we still here ? 121. veronica holdin ' this in Africa make people proud . all over the world . they be proud of you . anybody can fight in Vegas . ali that 's one job . I get two ... they pass through cinder - block house , shipping crate , oil drum for cooking fire , a few car part . ali ( cont 'd ) ( melodramatic ) ...gotta whup George ! veronica Islamic faith help you to that ? ali listen , girl , as a Muslim , I be bust out and fail in the eye of God . I shoulda discover Islam at 50 ! ' Cause I be weak on woman . they take my eye and my heart follow ... cause I to be a lovin ' husband and a terrible husband ...! ( look down at she , intensely ) ... green eye and cocoa skin ...? ( feign wobbly leg ) ... okay , rest of I , let 's go !! Veronica laugh . she bring he hand up to she mouth and kiss it . Hand in hand , a tower man and a tower woman walk away at they ease against the soft sky with they entourage of teenager and kid . on the perimeter , a kid do flip and , then , get distract ... int . n'sele gym - speed bag - day a syncopate , obscure , blurred shape of the bag turn into a percussion instrument by Ali 's fast hand try to get even faster . ali ( to himself ) faster ! faster ! dundee ( shout ) time ! 122. Ali slam a right hook at the bag . it almost explode . optional : Ali take body hit , try slide off head shot . int . ring - ali' eye feint he leave and throw a right . it surprise holme . holme you can not lead a right hand . not at he ! ali why not ? holme too long ... to get it there . man , I mean , to think you could hit he with a right lead ... it 's insulting ... nobody would lead a right ... Ali see something beyond the ring . and , now , flick four rip leave jab into holme and slide sideways as holme try to catch Ali with a right . but Ali change direction , change back and now come over holme ' right with he own leave cross , and a six - or-seven - punch combination . it be Ali dance and float . crowd cheer ... " time . " bundini meanwhile , have throw he arm around Dick sadler , Foreman 's manager . ( we realize this be why Ali segue from serious work to snap he traditional leave jab . ) bundini I get he ! lock he up . sadler ( laugh ) hey , hold up , chump ! make this chump turn I loose . sadler 's there with he wife and another couple . rudy join , laugh . bundini turn loose sadler . Ali and sadler like each other . sadler ( cont 'd ) this be my wife , irene ... sadler affectionately put a arm around Ali 's neck and reach up and pretend to hit Ali on top of the head with a fist for bingham 's camera . Ali bite he lower lip and start wrestle with sadler , put he in a headlock . sadler 's arm be around Ali 's waist . 123. ali hey ! look ! look at George Foreman 's trainer , feelin ' I up on purpose ! on the side , to see if I be in shape ! more laughter . sadler 's beret fall off . rudy put it back on . irene can I have you autograph ? ali we will , you be not gonna find no fat ! watch out !! sadler ( lunge for wife 's note pad ) give I that thing ! bingham ( break through ) Muhammad . give she a Ali button ! the gang laugh . sadler no , you be not . ( concede ) all right , give my wife a Ali button . ali she 's gotta put it on . sadler give my wife one . bingham bo'dini , you get Ali button ? ali " George " button be all I get . in my bedroom ! all over the bed ! everywhere ! to remind I ... of all of ya ' . all of ya ' ! remind I of all ya ' ! throughout the above he 's pretend to jab at Dick , who 's laugh and feint at he . it 's raucous . fond relationship transcend the adversarial role . they be all of the tribe of boxer . sadler be a particularly bright and talented man . meanwhile ... 124 . int . compound , other side of the ring - a older BRADLEY accompany by a american reporter be nab by a french news crew . ortf interviewer ( in french ) pardon . vous ute de l'ambassade des etat - unis ? vous avez une prédiction ? ortf interviewer ( English translation ) Excuse I . you be from the U.S. embassy ? do you have a prediction ? BRADLEY ( in french ) ( catch ; smile ) je suis avec l' Agence américane d'information . Il not m'est pas permis d'exprimer me préférence entre deux citoyen des etat -unis . BRADLEY ( English translation ) ( catch ; smile ) I be with the U.S. information Agency . I be not allow to take favorite among two United States citizen ... he walk away . edge of the ring : angelo dundee sit on the apron of the ring . Ali join he . angelo dundee ( meaning sadler ) he go ? ali yeah . ext . compound - sadler - day leave , steal a glance at Ali and dundee . it 's adversarial . the camaraderie be not false . both be true . but be strategic , he be a threat to Ali . George have a first - rate team . 125 . int . intercontinental , ali be suite - ali - day enter with Howard cosell and Howard bingham and a two - man news crew . belinda hello , Muhammad . bingham . Mr. cosell . howard cosell ( tight ) hi ... Mrs. ali. ali when do you get in ? belinda just now . Muhammad , may I have a word with you , please ? belinda start towards the bedroom . Ali look to Howard and gesture with he hand to get rid of everybody . as the bedroom door close , cosell , crew and bingham can not wait to get out of there . int . intercontinental suite , bedroom - day belinda what be go on ? ali you know what 's go on . ( it 's not the first time ) belinda but I do not have to have it throw in my face . I do not have to read about it and have people call I up on the phone about it ... ali I do not mean for it to come out ... belinda oh , hell , Muhammad , you get no discretion . you never do . you humiliate I ! belinda slam a lamp stand next to she . belinda ( cont 'd ) I clean for you . I cook for you . I feel every punch you take . 126 . ali I know that . belinda then why you get to be visible with woman ? ali I do not mean for it to be ... belinda I live with the casual one . ( gesture to Veronica 's clothing ) but this , this ... I can not hold it together anymore . ali I do not want to hurt you . it 's wrong . you be a good wife to I . belinda then why do you disrespect I this way ?! ali I respect you . I always respect you . belinda pause . a terrible question occur to she . belinda do you love she ? Ali do not answer . belinda ( cont 'd ) do you want to marry she ? ali I follow my heart . belinda " you be follow you heart " ? ( sarcasm fall away ) that 's what you do . no matter what anybody say . or think . or what it do ... ( pause ) and what happen now ? ali I fight george. ( after a beat ) I do not come this far to quit . 127 . belinda neither of we do . Ali look at she a moment . then he leave . silence . belinda sit on the bed . she look up . then she come apart . she rip open a closet . she find Veronica 's clothes , rip they , shred peignoir , overturn a night table , strip the bed , smashes more furniture , throw Veronica 's suitcase at the mirror . it do not break . she look around the wreck room . bingham be stand there . bingham belinda ? belinda look up , tear in she eye . bingham ( cont 'd ) you can not beat he . you can not beat he , ' cause you can not not love he . int . ali be house , n'sele , shower - ali - night under the water . it flow like silver down the contour of he face and neck . he be in that zone of concentration where the best athlete go ... where the pre-motor cortex 's activity dominate and facial expression become blank , eye look distantly ... Ali 's in he domain ... in the groove . ext . compound , n'sele , rear shot : ali be citroen - night and outrider depart . int . mobutu's palace , a sitting room - servant - night prepare a luxurious set . on a platform be a large tv set . in front of it , with low table be two large armchair with antimacassar . at the door be mobutu 's spit-and - polish paratrooper bodyguard . they stomp they foot to attention as ... mobutu in he tan uniform and signature leopard - skin hat enter , follow by a entourage of aide . mobutu's military aide ( in french ) we be ready , you excellent President for life ... mobutu ( in french ) invite monsieur idi to join I now ... the banker ? the american ? 128. mobutu's military aide ( in french ) they be wait in the sit room . int . ali' dressing room - dundee wrapping Ali 's hand , tear the tape into narrow strip to go between the finger . Doc broadus , from Foreman 's camp , observe the wrapping , then sign it . in addition to function , the taping feel ritualistic . close : ali be attention be focus elsewhere ... on he action : what he will do , he strategy . lieutenant nsakala ( from doorway ) countdown ! countdown ! rudy countdown be on , bro . five minute . Ali get off the training table . angelo have finish . he put on he robe and start warming up before the mirror , throw punch for a full minute . herbert enter . Ali and Herbert go to a alcove . ali thanks to Allah ... ( praying ) lieutenant nsakala ( shout ) four minute ! sarria stick seal bottle fill with honey , orange juice and water into the water bucket . as Ali put on the robe , the other gather up the gear , start out . Herbert move to Ali , prepare for the entrance , to be as close to he for the camera as possible ... angelo dundee give we a moment . alone. ( off Herbert 's look ) hey . this be my religion ! Herbert and Pat Patterson , the bodyguard , with he chrome - plate .45 , follow the other away from Ali . angelo begin apply vaseline on Ali 's face . they be alone in the room . 129 . angelo dundee ( cont 'd ) it 's hot . humid . monsoon season 's about to start . May hit 140 in the ring under the light . you all right ? ali why ? angelo dundee where you at ? ali ( look up ) Foreman be not no mummy . he 's knock out eight out of eleven before the end of the third round . he the most dangerous fighter I ever fight . angelo dundee I would worry if I be hearin ' anything else . Ali loosen up he neck . ali and I can not wait ! lieutenant nsakala Three minute ! angelo dundee dance . that 's the most important ... Ali look at dundee enigmatically . before angelo can ask ... bundini throw towel across Ali 's shoulder . Ali put on he long African robe , which be white with African -graphic trim on the cuff of the sleeve and the hem . bundini ( whisper ) forget every battle of man against man , of mind against mind , of soul against soul . this be the one . this be the great . Ali nod to he . bundini ( cont 'd ) this be it . 130 . lieutenant nsakala two minute ! bundini the prophet 's come back to claim he own ! get the pretender off that throne ! bundini / ali rumble , young man , rumble ! it 's the " rumble in the jungle " ! wide from above : ali' camp start move towards the door . they open the door . it be guard by a handpick squad of paratrooper and Lieutenant nsakala . lieutenant nsakala ( shout ) one minute ! int . corridor paratrooper on either side like a wedge , guard Ali with angelo , bundini , rudy and Herbert , as they push through the door , out into the hall . TRAVEL with they as people in the corridor at the end see Ali . the chant begin ... the people Ali ! Ali ! boma ye , Ali ! Ali ! boma ye ! the sound from the corridor pick up a second reverberation that boom from a distant vast space . as we move towards it , to encounter it . and suddenly we ... burst out into the stadium ... ext . kinshasa arena - wide : everything - night light flood it . they pour down artificial sunshine . the people Ali , boma ye ! Ali , boma ye ! Ali , boma ye ! roar from 65,000 voice at a quarter to four in the morning . the moon be out , revealing storm cloud . 131 . high + wide shot : ali and entourage . the crowd go nut . traveling with ali through the Mass the crowd roar ; angelo behind , bundini on one side , Pacheco and sarria . ext . ring - we enter they cheer . Ali raise he hand and salute they . Ali dance from one end of the ring to the other ... dance into George 's corner ... the crowd roar . another angle : ali dance back to he corner ... angelo dundee George be play prima donna . he want to make you wait . Ali laugh . you will not psyche out Muhammad Ali with that stuff . instead , Ali use the time . he test the rope . he get the feel of the distance between the center and the corner . closer : ali circle the ring . he look at the crowd from different angle , from the corner , the center ... he look up at the light and get use to the heat from they . ali' feet do a shuffle . he feel the canvas . he feel the soft spot . the firm spot . he feel how much slide there be because of the resin on the canvas , how much spring there be in the board ... ali shed he robe , now , and throw a blister array of jab and hook . the crowd go nut . Ali look ringside and see ... ali be Pov : jim brown Lloyd price ... further along ... Robert lipsyte . ext . arena - aisle - suddenly out come Foreman in he red robe , archie Moore follow in he blue pea-cap , and Dick sadler -- never a fashion plate -- in the world 's least - attractive T-shirt , follow 132 . by former featherweight champ Sandy saddler . crowd Foreman ! Foreman ! Foreman ! Foreman ! the ring - ali be shadowbox as Foreman climb in the ring and cross past he , near to he . the look on Ali 's face be indifferent . Foreman go immediately to he stool . he do not move around the ring . he do not touch the rope . dissolve to : don king as tall as only three other man : Foreman , Ali and bundini , walk into the ring wear black ... zack clayton , the referee , move to the center of the ring . a great roar fill the air : " ali , boma ye ! ali , boma ye ! ali , boma ye ! " ... another one . " foreman ! foreman ! " overhead as Ali , Foreman and both they crew meet in the center of the ring . clayton now , both of you know the rule . when I step back , I want a good , clean break . ( Clayton keep go ) no hit below the belt , no kidney punch , no ... ali motherfucker , you ' bout to discover you be not nothin' . clayton Ali , be quiet ! George 's eye glare . Ali rock back and forth , ready to rumble . clayton ( cont 'd ) no kidney punch . now ... 133. ali ( past the ref ; eyeball George ) you be hearin ' about I for year . all you life you be hearin ' about Muhammad Ali . now you gotta face I . clayton Ali , I will disqualify you . now , I want a good , clean , sportsman fight ... ali ( to Foreman ) you never should have come to Africa . Foreman be unfaze by all of this . his cold eye say " battery and homicide . " clayton ( blow up ) all right !! ( beat ) now go to you corner and come out fight when you hear the bell , and may the best man ... win ... dissolve to : Ali turn he back and continue to shuffle and shadowbox . dissolve to : overhead : ali + foreman be corner be clear . Ali be face he corner , praying to Allah . Foreman be bent over at the waist , flex and release the last tension in he huge shoulder , as the bell for round one clang ... the ring - both charge out and stop as if they run into a brick wall five foot from each other . then Ali dip , throw a leave , which George take on the shoulder ... a big right hand to George 's head . the crowd go nut . George clinch , pick up Ali and swing he through 180 degree with he power . as he put Ali down , Ali push George 's head down and away and Ali clock he with another right . Foreman clinch and drive Ali back to the rope . Ali throw another right that land . Ali dance , circle , stay out of Foreman 's way . then he slam he again with a right . 134 . Foreman get Ali in the corner , throw vicious combination and a hook that nail Ali in the body and a wild shot hit Ali on the side of the head . closer on ali ... stunne , he eye clear . he 's just take a Foreman shot . he push Foreman , the stronger man , out of the way and dance and circle . Foreman tie he up again . Ali push out , dance and hit he with a right . Ali tie he up , and there 's the bell . ali' corner : ali ali ( to himself ) leg heavy ... air 's heavy ... like sand ... slowly move in on ali as angelo and bundini 's talk fade away . we see Ali 's awareness in a deep concentration . he be hold counsel with himself . Ali stare into space across the diagonal to the other corner , but not really at Foreman . Ali be weigh something . a gamble . he blink , and whatever it be , he 's decide it now . ambient SOUND start to come back as Ali 's attention return to the present and he ignore ... angelo dundee ... keep move . do not let he put you into the corner . stay off the rope ! the bell for round two Ali charge into the center of the ring , provoking Foreman to chase he , and Ali immediately back to the rope . and stay there ! seize opportunity , Foreman throw big hook . ali be do exactly what he's not supposed to do . he get off the rope and back to the rope on the other side . most of the shot be block by the glove of both man . no damage . then George throw a leave , which Ali block , and a big right hook . ali turn away . nevertheless , it crash into he jaw . macro ali time slow . he tie up George . we see Ali 's hurt . daze . but he must make George believe he 's unhurt . ali that all you get ...? that it ? 135 . Foreman react . Ali take vicious hook to the midsection , hang on and go right back onto the rope , tie Foreman up . low angle George 's shot be take on Ali 's elbow and glove . but for every four that be throw , one or two tremendous hook get through to Ali 's rib , he side . ali' face reveal impact , but nothing diminish the terrible fortitude with which he endure . now , he tie up George . now , George drive Ali into the corner and pummel he . angelo + bundini go crazy in the corner ! angelo dundee get off the rope ! get off the rope ! get off the rope ! dance ! Ali block , get hit . worried face in the crowd . one woman look away . ali be eye alive , more than alert , the sharpest eye in box . foreman' left jab come in . Ali feint , shift . it miss by a quarter of a inch . foreman hook off he jab Ali lean back on the top rope . Foreman 's punch fall short and connect with little effect . that 's how good be Ali . the technique become clear . Foreman go upstairs , throw three hook , all get take on Ali 's glove . Foreman slam a hook that begin in cape town and end up in Zaire , into Ali 's abdomen . and another . Ali take the shot , hang on . ali be eye be bright like star . his white mouth guard shine . a grimace ? a grin ? 136 . ali ( to himself ) there be nothin ' ... nothin ' ! ( another Foreman hook land ) ... I can not take . Ali push Foreman off and Ali connect with a leave and a straight right to the jaw . they pound but do not stop George . Ali tie he up . Ali 's jab end the round . nothing effective , but Ali shake he head , disapprovingly , put he hand on the back of George 's neck , and as the bell sound ... ali ( cont 'd ) think you be bad ! George laugh . he win the round overwhelmingly . ali' corner be apoplectic . bundini dance , dance ! dundee get off the rope ! what be you doin ' ?! ali ( it get quiet ; to himself : ) here come George 's " murder " round . ( refer to round Three ) Ali push away from he handler and rise . he open he arm to the crowd . we hear a massive " ali , boma ye " start up . closer : ali open he arm as if the roar of 65,000 voice be sunlight . by open he arm , he skin soak it in and convert it to power . and the bell start round three . ext . the ring they trade . nothing . Foreman advance , Ali back to the rope , tag Foreman with a couple of harmless leave jab . now Foreman open up with heavy artillery . Ali get in a couple of shot , but for the center of the round he 's pummele by Foreman . midway through ... foreman accept a leave jab , and while Ali 's leave arm be out with it , Foreman hammer a right into the expose lower 137 . midsection of Ali and then follow it with six tremendous hook to Ali 's abdomen . Ali push he away . Foreman come in again . Foreman get he on the rope again , and a surprising right on the leave side of Ali 's face . ali tie up Foreman 's leave in the crook of he elbow , and they stagger , marry , awkwardly , into the center of ring . the referee separate they . another angle : foreman charge and throw heavy shot . Ali take some on he elbow , arm , biceps and shoulder . now we see Ali lean back . way back . 45 degree back ... we start to hear the twang of the rope . we get it . Ali be use the rope as a shock absorber . some Foreman punch get through , but the rope twang and Foreman 's hit a trampoline with a hammer . between deflection and be ring - wise , Ali dilute much of what George throw . then Foreman drive three powerful hook into Ali 's side . ali' body spasm but , as if inconsequential ... ali George ! show I something . Ali -- insulting , taunting -- snap jab into George 's face , talk through he mouthpiece ... ali ( cont 'd ) where 's you punch , man ?! bundini / dundee ( o.s. ) Ali , get off the rope ! stick them ! jab ! off the rope ! up closer : ali block a rage of Foreman head shot with he fist , the abdominal shot within he elbow . each Foreman punch be a haymaker . foreman suddenly switch . from the floor : foreman' uppercut come from camera and slam right through Ali 's guard , right into he jaw . 138. ali be hurt ! he hold on . dundee / bundini ( over ) off the rope ! dance , champ , dance ! Ali 's push back like a rag doll . foreman throw a right hand . it , too , slam through Ali 's guard . he 's in trouble . ali be eye flash . Roll in he head . he see neon . time slow ... light dim ... ali ( calmly ) ... be here before . angelo dundee ( v.o. ) ( distant echoe ) Ali , move ! ( beat ) dance , champ ! Ali glance at the crowd . he sees : the old man with the transistor radio on he shoulder from the shantytown , urging he on ! ali ( to himself ) open the door , Richard ...outta this room ... put on you coat , man ... get out ... the ring : foreman slam shot into Ali 's kidney , he rib . Ali will piss blood for two month . but Ali stay on the rope . as time catch up to normal ... ali ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) think my fight 's over ...? that ... ( to George ) ... all you get ? that the hardest you hit ? ali come off the rope , and Ali hit Foreman with a terrific three - shot combination , a right - left-right . wham -wham-wham . 139 . feint . Hit Foreman with a left-right . wham -wham ! ali ( cont 'd ) c'mon , chump !!! the bell . it 's a Ali rally at the end . he throw Foreman a look of contempt as he walk to he corner . ali' corner angelo dundee ( panicked ) get off the goddamn rope !! ali take something ' away from he , Angie , that round ... bundini you gotta move ! stick and move ! ali ( to himself ) they do not know what 's happenin' . Ali look to the leave and see Jim Brown . ali ( cont 'd ) ( to Jim Brown ) you bet the wrong horse ! he can not fight no better than you can act ! Jim Brown laugh . we don't hear a bell . instead , we're suddenly in the last 15 second of round four . ext . ring , round four , five , six - foreman barrage Ali be brace on the rope , as far back as the rope will go . Foreman throw a barrage of shot , he slam in five and six at a time . the bell . ali cover with glove at he head . elbow at he rib . when head shot come in , Ali slip they the right or leave , or turn they into glance shot , or just lean straight back so that they all fall short by quarter of a inch . the bell . ali cover , take the most powerful hook Foreman 's throw in the fight , one after the other to the body . 140 . ali ( to himself ) take it ! terrify he with what you can take ... Ali 's eye be star . he see everything . he see thing no one else can see in the quantum physics of deflect the force of Foreman 's blow . foreman desperate , pound a leave to Ali 's side , a block leave to the head , three left to the belly , which get through ! Ali 's leave arm convulse downward , involuntarily , with the blow . what Ali 's not ready for and do not block be the right hand that follow . this shot be jarring and concussive . he grab Foreman 's neck and have to hold on . the bell . ext . ring - ali - mid -round seven lean way back at impossible angle -- soaking up George 's shot . George be slower ... but Ali 's not throw at all ! ali ( hiss to George ) eight more round ... you runnin ' outta gas ? then ... Ali come out from under . wham . wham . wham . wham . wham . five hard shot be follow into Foreman 's puffed face . they surprise and enrage he . wider : GEORGE drive Ali with he 220 pound ... George 's arm and fist now swing heavily . some get through . Ali 's right eye be puffy . both tie up . and bell end the round . ext . ring - ali' corner angelo and bundini talk . neither we nor Ali hear they . ali ( to himself to George ) ... can not let you get that second wind which you do not know be out there for you . ( more ) 141 . ali ( cont 'd ) ( talk to George in he head ) want the title ... wear the heavyweight crown ? ( to himself ) jaw break ? nose smashed ? face bust ? you ready to die ? be that you ? ( towards George ) ' Cause you gonna meet a man who will die before he let you win . a tall African girl walk by with the number " 8 . " as she pass near Ali , she have the audacity to wink at he . ali happen to see it . he wink back at she . she smile . he brighten right up ! the bell ring . ext . ring - ali go to the rope , throw a couple and , now , come off the rope . he 's in the center of the ring . he's hunting . a couple of left from Ali . Foreman throw a haymaker and almost fall out of the ring . Ali 's in the corner , have avoid the shot . foreman get in a couple of left that Ali deflect . Ali take another on the cheek , lean way back again . suddenly , he seem tired , as be Foreman . tied up , they go diagonally to the other corner of the ring , both fighter exhaust , lean against each other . resting . but ... extremely close : we see ali be eye be dead sharp he 's fake . foreman back Ali into the corner . ali hit Foreman with a leave . Foreman launch a short leave that Ali counter with a big right cross that connect . foreman be head snap around . sweat spray in a parabola of light . crowd roar with expectation . George Foreman try a right uppercut , fail as Ali circle , guide Foreman onto the rope . Foreman 's on the rope now . 142. ali be eye know the moment be ... ali ( to himself ) now ... ali be short , chopping right turn Foreman 's head down . closer : foreman come over the rope and turn back into ... ali' right hook slam he head down and sideways . and Foreman charge into ali. close slo - mo : ali snap a combination : a overhead right to Foreman 's face , a short chopping leave and a right hook . Ali 's eye light up like white phosphorus . ali ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) right now ! foreman wrestle Ali into the center . and the most significant moment begin ... slo -mo : ali on the left + foreman on the right ... and Ali 's leave hand be extend way behind he with the wrist bent , no power . as it pass he body , Ali convert it into a leave hook . as he 's do this , he 's drop he leave foot back . the leave foot doe not support a leave hand . it 's for a right hand so the body can untorque across with the punch . and Ali be already cock he right . meanwhile , the leave connect with Foreman 's jaw and raise he chin . as the leave be depart Foreman 's chin , Ali launch the right . slo -mo : as ali be right hand come in , Ali 's torso untorque , transition all 217 pound to Ali 's leave foot and put that weight and power behind he right fist that crash into George Foreman 's chin ... and the impact transfer to Foreman 's skull ... and Foreman 's head snap around . he be go . he be fall in a spiral ... a metaphor for vertigo ... turn downward into 143. unconsciousness . and through the spiral , Ali have move with he , pivote with the fall Foreman , he right fist cocked to unload again if he have to . he never do ... massive overhead : foreman down . Ali be push into the corner by referee Zack Clayton . Foreman be count out . Clayton raise Ali 's hand . 65,000 people go crazy ! total chaos Ali be seize by rahaman , dundee , bundini . and in the corner , hardly see by anybody , Ali , now , faint . Veronica , with a don king aide , be overcome . tear stream down she face . ext . the arena as if finally release from the suspense , the sky open . the monsoon begin . ext . the street of kinshasa , outside the stadium , zairian - night celebrate . the city be crazy with the air of liberation in the rain . people be drunk , bow to one another , extend they arm and leg in strange gesture . laughter . thunder be deafen in the downpour . people celebrate despite the storm , dance on sidewalk on rua absini . ext . kinshasa arena - night almost empty . the downpour . the last fan rip down one gigantic image of mobutu ... int . mobutu's palace - three men wait , now rise . one , in saville row , be from a London Bank . the other be Bradley , the usia / CIA character . the third be idi Amin of uganda . as everybody shake hand , they sit down and servant appear . everyone be pleased with themselves ... BRADLEY ( in french ) ce soir , le Zaire a été le sujet central dan le tous les centre européen . félicitation , monsieur le président pour la vie . 144 . BRADLEY ( English translation ) Zaire be the center of the world tonight in every banking capital , all over Europe . congratulation , President for life . mobutu yes. ( then in lingala to servant ) london banker what 's on the menu ...? int . citroen on kinshasa road - ali - night ride through the downpour with belinda and bingham in the front seat . she gently hold , almost support he hand . ali ( low ; about they ) I do not know what 's gonna happen . ( beat ) maan , everything be crazy . belinda ... I do not come this far to quit . they drive through a fishing village with dense foliage in part . Ali look , see ... ali be Pov : women + some men have bring they child out into the rain to see the champion so they can say when they grow up they see he pass by . plastic or clothing protect the child from the rain . one man hold up he son . Ali roll down the window . int . intercontinental HOTEL , bar - dick sadler shouting french to the bartender . folk who look like Jim Brown , schulberg / mailer type ... hang out , half drunk ... and argue about flight out with extortionate petty bureaucrat like Zairian official # 2 . flight have be cancel , ticket render no good , passport confiscate , etc . there 's a stone Hunter Thompson / Bill cardoso type with a couple of Zairian hooker . the Hunter Thompson type be not very discreetly smoking congolese weed . 145 . reveal : in the back corner of the bar be ... don king + herbert muhammad . King be importune Herbert , he hand work the air , gesticulate madly , building whole castle of hype and hustle . we can not hear what he 's say . Herbert listen . then Don King stop and look at he , and Herbert nod he head " yes . " then Herbert start say something and Don King nod he head " yes . " whatever 's happen here , a deal for the future have be strike . ext . ali' compound , n'sele - ali - pre-dawn rain stop . the cold , blue light be illuminate with magenta at its base as dawn start to rise over the congo River . wide : ali in a pale green shirt and slack , walk towards the water , follow by Zairian , teenager , some kid who snuck into the compound , two older man . no media ; no elite ; no hype . one policeman who stagger , drunk . Ali do not so much as walk to a destination as amble . he rub the head of a 12 - year - old boy who start shadowbox five foot in front of he . ali you think you get a chance , chump ? now you in trouble . Ali begin to spar with the 12 - year-old , who be fast and know a little bit about box . ali ( cont 'd ) you even dream of beat I ? you better wake up and apologize ! kid throw a punch . Ali collapse to he knee . ali ( cont 'd ) he too much for I ! some laughter . then Ali stand and put he hand on the boy 's shoulder . he amble with the group towards the river . the sun 's come up on the other side . fade to black .