Alice by Linda woolverton base on Alice 's adventure in wonderland through the look Glass by Lewis Carroll 9/9/08 ( White shoot script ) 10/28/08 ( Blue revise page ) fade in : ext . london - 1855 - night 1 warm light shine from the study of the gracious kingsley home . a man , silhouett in the window , speak with ardor . int . the study - night - cont . 2 charle kingsley have just describe he new venture to he friend , include lord ascot . lord ascot Charles , you have finally lose you sense . a colleague this venture be impossible . charle kingsley for some . gentlemen , the only way to achieve the impossible be to believe it be possible . a colleague that kind of think could ruin you . charle kingsley I be willing to take that chance . imagine trading post in rangoon , bangkok , jakarta ... he stop . his nine year - old daughter alice stand at the door in she nightgown , clearly frighten . he go to she . charle kingsley ( cont ’d ) the nightmare again ? she nod . he take she hand and turn to he guest . charle kingsley ( cont ’d ) I will not be long . int . young alice 's bedroom - later 3 he sit on she bed , listen with utmost seriousness . alice I be fall down a dark hole , then I see strange creature ... charle kingsley what kind of creature ? ( continued ) 3 10/28/08 Blue revise page 2 . continued : 3 alice well , there 's a dodo bird , a rabbit in a waistcoat , a smile cat ... charle kingsley I do not know cat could smile . alice neither do I . oh , and there 's a blue caterpillar . charle kingsley Blue caterpillar . hmm . alice do you think I have go round the bend ? he feel she forehead as if for a fever . charle kingsley I be afraid so . you be mad . bonker . off you head . but I 'il tell you a secret ... all the best people be . she smile and lean against he . charle kingsley ( cont ’d ) it 's only a dream , Alice . nothing can harm you there . but if you get too frighten , you can always wake up . like this . he pinch she . she scream and pinch he back . CUT to : ext . the outskirt of london - ten year later 4 a horse - draw carriage careen down the road at a full gallop . int . the carriage - day - cont . 5 alice kingsley be on the verge of womanhood , beautiful , but slightly off-kilter . she see the world with different eye than other people she age . presently , she 's tired and grumpy as she mother fuss with she wild mane of blonde hair . alice must we go ? I doubt they 's 1ll notice if we never arrive . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 3 . 5 continued : 5 helen kingsley they will notice . she re-ty she waist sash , feel for she corset . helen kingsley ( cont ’d ) where 's you corset ? she pull back she dress to see bare leg . helen kingsley ( cont ’d ) and no stocking ! alice I be against they . helen kingsley but you be not properly dress . alice who 's to say what be proper ? what if it be agree that '' proper '' be wear a codfish on you head ? would you wear it ? helen kingsley Alice . alice to I a corset be like a codfish . helen kingsley please . not today . frustrate , Alice look out the window and mutter . alice Father would have laugh . she see the hurt on she mother 's face and instantly regret she word . alice ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . I be tired . I do not sleep well last night . her mother pat she hand in a forgive gesture . helen kingsley do you have bad dream again ? ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 4 . continued : ( 2 ) 5 alice only one . it 's always the same ever since I can remember . do you think that 's normal ? do not most people have different dream ? Alice 's mother remove she own jewelry and put it on she . helen kingsley I do not know . there ! you be beautiful . now , can you manage a smile ? ext . the ascot estate - the garden - day 6 the garden party be in full swing . everyone have turn out in they summer finery . guest play croquet on the great lawn . skiff drift lazily on a meander river . Alice approach lord and lady ascot with a fix unnatural smile . Lord ascot be a stately , aristocratic man . Lady ascot be red-face with annoyance . lady ascot at last ! we think you have never arrive . Alice , hamish be wait to dance with you . go ! she push Alice off and turn on helen . lady ascot ( cont ’d ) you do realize it 's well past four ! now everything will have to be rush through ! helen kingsley I be sorry . we ... lady ascot never mind ! she rush off . lord ascot forgive my wife . she 's be plan this affair for the last twenty year . helen kingsley if only Charles be here ... ( continued ) 6 10/28/08 Blue revise page 5 . continued : 6 lord ascot my condolence , madame . I think of you husband often . he be truly a man of vision . helen kingsley thank you . lord ascot I hope you do not think I have take advantage of you misfortune . helen kingsley of course not . I be pleased that you have purchase the company . lord ascot I be a fool for not invest in he mad venture when I have the chance . she smile . helen kingsley Charles think so too . ext . the garden - a quadrille 7 Alice do a line dance with hamish who take after he mother , refine and immaculate with aristocratic arrogance . alice hamish , do you ever tire of the quadrille ? hamish on the contrary . I find it invigorate . he strut like a peacock . Alice laugh . hamish ( cont 'd ) do I amuse you ? alice no . I have a sudden vision of all the lady in top hat and the man wear bonnet . he do not even crack a smile . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 6 . continued : 7 hamish it would be best to keep you vision to yourself . when in doubt , remain silent . Alice 's smile fade . without she father , she feel there 's no one like she in the whole world . they dance on . Alice see a flock of geese overhead . distract , she bump into the dancer in front of they . hamish ( cont 'd ) pardon we ! miss kingsley be distract today . ( to Alice ) where be you head ? alice I be wonder what it would be like to fly . hamish why would you waste you time think about such a impossible thing ? alice why would not I ? my father say he sometimes believe in six impossible thing before breakfast . she laugh at the memory . hamish look pain . he see he mother nearby . she wave he on impatiently . hamish meet I under the gazebo in precisely ten minute . he go off . suddenly two giggle girl appear in front of Alice . it 's the chattaway . faith we have a secret to tell you . alice if you be tell I , then it 's not much of a secret . fiona perhaps we should not . faith we decide we should ! ( continued ) 7 continued : 10/28/08 Blue revise page 7. ( 2 ) 7 fiona if we tell she , she will not be surprised . faith will you be surprised ? alice not if you tell I . but now you have bring it up , you have to . faith no we do not . fiona in fact , we will not . alice I wonder if you mother know that you two swim naked in the havershim 's pond . faith you would not ! alice oh , but I would . there 's you mother now . Alice start to walk toward she . Fiona blurt out . fiona hamish be go to ask for you hand ! Alice stop dead . her sister , margaret , suddenly pull she away . margaret you have ruin the surprise ! ( to Alice ) I could strangle they ! everyone go to so much effort to keep the secret . alice do everyone know ? margaret it 's why they have all come . this be you engagement party . hamish will ask you under the gazebo . when you say '' yes '' ... ( continued ) 7 10/28/08 Blue revise page 8. continued : ( 3 ) 7 alice but I do not know if I want to marry he . margaret who then ? you will not do better than a Lord . she look at hamish who blow he nose , study the content of he kerchief , then fold it and put it in he pocket . margaret you will soon be twenty , Alice . that pretty face will not last forever . you do not want to end up like aunt imogene . they look at they middle - age aunt imogene with over - rouge cheek and a yellowing white dress that 's too young for she . margaret and you do not want to be a burden on mother , do you ? alice no . margaret so you will marry hamish . you will be as happy as I be with lowell and you life will be perfect . it 's already decide . Lady ascot 's face suddenly loom in hers . lady ascot Alice dear , shall we take a leisurely stroll through the garden ? just you and I ? she jerk she away quickly . ext . the rose garden 8 Lady ascot steer she through the garden at a fast clip . lady ascot do you know what I have always dread ? alice the decline of the aristocracy ? ( continued ) 8 10/28/08 Blue revise page 9 . continued : 8 lady ascot Ugly grandchild . but you be so lovely . you be bound to produce little ... ( she gasp ) imbecile ! the gardener plant white rose when I specifically ask for red ! alice you could always paint the rose red . Lady ascot look at she strangely . lady ascot what a odd thing to say . come along . she hurry she along the path . Alice hear a jingling sound . lady ascot you should know that my son have extremely delicate digestion ... Alice see something large and white dart past . alice do you see that ? lady ascot see what ? alice it be a rabbit , I think . lady ascot nasty thing . I do enjoy set the dog on they . do not dawdle . she rush Alice toward the gazebo . Alice look for the rabbit . lady ascot ( cont ’d ) if you serve hamish the wrong food , he could get a blockage . and there it be , a large white rabbit in a waistcoat , stand on its hind leg and stare directly at Alice . she blink . the White rabbit dart behind a tree . alice do you see it that time ? ( continued ) 8 continued : 10/28/08 Blue revise page 10 . ( 2 ) 8 lady ascot see what ? alice the rabbit ! lady ascot do not shout ! pay attention . hamish say you be easily distract . what be I say ? alice hamish have a blockage . I could not be more interested , but you will have to excuse I . Alice dive into the wood area off the path and stand for a moment , mind reeling . a hand land on she shoulder . she jump . alice aunt imogene ! I think I be go mad . I keep see a rabbit in a waistcoat . imogene how very strange . what kind of waistcoat ? alice brocade , I think . what do it matter ? it 's a rabbit in a waistcoat ! imogene I can not be bother with you fancy rabbit now . I be wait for my fiance . alice you have a fiance ? the White rabbit dart by . alice ( cont ’d ) there ! do you see it ? imogene he 's a prince . but , ala he cannot marry I unless he renounce he throne . be not it tragic ? alice very . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 11 . continued : ( 3 ) 8 she back away and run into she sister 's husband , lowell , kissing a strange woman . the woman run off . alice lowell ? lowell Alice . we be ... hattie be a old friend . alice I can see you be very close . lowell be bright red and highly flustered . lowell you will not mention this to you sister , will you ? alice I do not know . I be confuse . I need time to think . lowell think of Margaret . she would never trust I again . you do not want to ruin she marriage , do you ? alice I ? I be not the one ... suddenly hamish be there , annoyed . hamish there you be ! I tell you meet I under the gazebo ! ext . the garden - gazebo - day 9 he pull she under the gazebo . the shadow of the pillar fall on she like prison bar . she glance at a string quartet discreetly position in the shadow ... bow poise . hamish drop to he knee . Alice notice a artist immortalize the moment . hamish ( cont 'd ) Alice kingsley ... alice hamish . ( continued ) 10 10/28/08 Blue revise page 12 . continued : 9 hamish what be it ? alice you have a caterpillar on you shoulder . he frantically brushes at he shoulder . alice ( cont ’d ) do not hurt it . Alice let the caterpillar crawl onto she finger , then place it gently onto a tree branch . hamish you 'il want to wash that finger . he see he mother motion to he from below . everyone be watch . he blurt out . hamish ( cont 'd ) Alice kingsley , will you be my wife ? the question hang in the air . unsure of herself , unsure of she future , unsure of she own sanity in that moment , Alice stammer . alice I ...it ....e well , everyone expect I to ... and you be a Lord ... and my face will not last ... and I do not want to end up like ... but this be happen so quickly ... I think ... i... I ... she see the white rabbit lean against a pillar , glaring at she with undisguise impatience . alice ( cont ’d ) ... need a moment . she turn and run . ext . the meadow - day - cont . 10 she follow the White rabbit across a meadow . alice wait ! she lose sight of he . she peek over the hedgerow . no rabbit . stumped , she look around . ( continued ) 10 11 12 10/28/08 Blue revise page 13 . continued : 10 a white paw reach up and grasp she by the ankle . with a quick jerk , it pull she down into the rabbit hole . she scream ... down the rabbit hole 11 . -- and keep scream as she tumble head over heel down the hole . she frantically grab at the wall which be hang with painting , ancient map , crack mirror , demonic mask , etc . she pull out book , jam jar , a crystal ball , a badger claw , a monkey 's hand and a human skull in she frantic effort to stop herself . and down she fall . it begin to grow dark as the day pass into night . and still she fall . finally , after what seem like hour ... int . the round hall - day 12 wham ! she hit bottom , smack she head on a wooden floor . alice ah ! wind knock out , she gasp for air , then she sit up , rub the bump on she forehead . she 's in a round hall with many door . she get up and try a door . it 's lock . she try another one and another . she knock . alice ( cont ’d ) hello ? hello ! anyone there ? no answer . she move around the hall . every door lock . she see a three - legge glass table with a small key sit on top . she pick up the key and try it in a door . it 's too small for the lock . she try it in a few door , too small . she come upon a curtain and pull it aside to reveal a little door about two foot high . she try the key in the door . it fit . she open the little door and bend down to look through to the other side . through the SMALL door she see a garden with a fountain . she try to fit through the door , but she shoulder get stick . she pull back . stumped , she go back to the table and replace the key . but now there 's a bottle on the table . she look for the person who put it there . alice ( cont ’d ) be someone here ? ( continued ) 12 13 14 10/28/08 Blue revise page 14 . continued : 12 she look at a label . '' drink I '' . she sniff the content , recoil , then shrug . alice ( cont ’d ) it 's only a dream . she take a drink , shudder , gag and cough from the taste . in a moment , she notice that the table be get larger . alice ( cont ’d ) that 's curious . Alice shrink to two foot high . her Pov the door loom above she . she take a step and trip on she now-oversized clothes . dragging they behind , she try to open the door . but it 's still lock . she groan as she realize what she 's do . she go back to the glass table where she can see the gold key sit on top . CUT to : on alice - through a keyhole 13 we hear voice as they watch Alice through a keyhole . dodo ( 0.s. ) you would think she would remember this from the first time . the dormouse ( 0.s. ) you have bring the wrong Alice . white rabbit ( 0.s. ) she 's the right one . I be certain of it . int . the round hall - cont . 14 Alice attempt to climb the table leg , but get tangle in she too-big clothes and slide off . she notice a little box under the table . she look around for the unseen person . alice if this be some sort of prank , I be not amused ! she open the box . it 's a cake with '' eat I '' write out in ornate icing . she consider , look up at the key high above on the table . ( continued ) 14 15 16 17 10/28/08 Blue revise page 15 . continued : 14 she take a tiny taste of the cake . she take another bite . whoosh ! she shoot upward rapidly . her clothes fit again , but she keep grow . button pop , seam be strain and she skirt get short . the ceiling get closer ... she head graze it ! she stop . relieved , she bend down and pick up the gold key . crouch , she go to the little door and fit the key in the lock . on alice - there Pov 15 the dormouse ( 0.s. ) she 's the wrong Alice . white rabbit ( 0.s. ) give she a chance . int . the round hall 16 she laugh at herself and go back to the table . she pick up the little bottle and take another swallow , shiver at the taste , then shrink again to two foot high . dragging she too-big clothes , she run to the door , put the key in the lock , open it and step through . ext . a garden in underland — day 17 she enter a fantastical world . underland be bizarre , illogical , often dangerous , absurd , and strangely beautiful . the garden be brown and tangle , its statue break and overgrown . the mossy fountain be silent . Alice hear a bellow / sneezing sound as a GREEN pig dash past . the tall flowers have gaunt , haunt human face . shabby , thin bird walk on stalk leg . dragonflies , horseflies and enormous gnat do fierce battle in the sky above . alice curiouser and curiouser . white rabbit I tell you she 's the right Alice . she turn to see a dodo bird with eye glass and a walk stick , the white rabbit , a young female dormouse in breech and two round boy with they arm throw over each other shoulder , Dee and dum be stitched on they collar . the dormouse I be not convinced . the White rabbit throw up he hand . ( continued ) 17 10/28/08 Blue revise page 16 . continued : 17 white rabbit how be that for gratitude ? I have be up there for week trail one Alice after the next ! and I be almost eat by other animal ! can you imagine ? they go about entirely unclothed and they do they ... shukm in public . I have to avert my eye . the flowers with human face study Alice . talking flower she do not look anything like herself . the dormouse that 's because she 's the wrong Alice . tweedledee and if she be , she might be . tweedledum but if she be not , she be not . tweedledee but if she be so , she would be . tweedledum but she be not . nohow . alice how can I be the '' wrong Alice " when it 's my dream ? and who be you , if I May ask . Dee shake she hand , speak very fast . tweedledee I be tweedleehe 's tweedledum . tweedledum contrariwise . I be tweedledum he 'stweedledee . dodo we should consult absolem . talking flower exactly . absolem will know who she be . tweedledee put out he arm to she . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 17 . 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 tweedledee I will escort you . dum pull she away from Dee . tweedledum it 's not be you turn . they tug she between they . tweedledee leave off ! tweedledum let go ! alice be they always this way ? white rabbit family trait . ( to tweedles ) you can both escort she . Dee take one arm . dum take the other and alice , the tweedles , the dodo , white rabbit and dormouse start off . the human -face flowers gossip about Alice as they pass . talking flowers it can not be she . she look nothing like Alice . she be not even wear the right dress . alice who be this absolem ? white rabbit he 's wise . he 's absolute . the tweedles he 's absolem . 18 ext . the mushroom forest - day 18 they enter a forest of tall mushroom surround by mist . the caterpillar ( 0.s. ) who be you ? Alice can see a form ahead where the mist rise in a steady plume . it 's come from a hookah . ( continued ) 18 19 10/28/08 Blue revise page 18 . continued : 18 there 's a blue caterpillar smoking it . the White rabbit push Alice toward he . alice absolem ? the caterpillar you be not absolem . I be absolem . the question be ... who be you ? he blow smoke ring in she face . she cough . alice Alice . the caterpillar we shall see . alice what do you mean by that ? I ought to know who I be ! the caterpillar yes , you ought . stupid girl . unroll the oraculum . the White rabbit unroll a ancient parchment lie on a toadstool . white rabbit '' the oraculum : be a calendrical compendium of underland . '' Alice look . it 's a timeline depict the major event of each day . every day have a title and a illustration . alice it 's a calendar . the caterpillar compendium . it tell of each and every day since the beginning . white rabbit today be griblig day in the time of the Red Queen . he point to the illustration . close on the oraculum 19 it show all of they , include Alice , peer at the oraculum , at that exact moment . 20 21 22 10/28/08 Blue revise page 19 . ext . the mushroom forest - cont . 20 the caterpillar show she the frabjous day . White rabbit turn the scroll further into the future . tweedledee frabjous be the day you slay the jabberwocky . alice sorry ? slay the ... what ? close on the oraculum - her Pov 21 the illustration be animated . the jabberwocky be tall as a dinosaur with reptilian wing , scale , long sharp claw , a pronge tail and a vest . it hiss ! a knight with long blonde hair in chain mail fight he with a shine sword . tweedledum ( 0.s. ) that be you there with the vorpal sword . tweedledee ( 0.s. ) no other sword can kill the jabberwocky . nohow . tweedledum ( 0.s. ) if it be not vorpal , he be not dead . as she swing the sword , she reveal she face to the reader . the girl be unmistakably Alice , with bloodlust in she eye . ext . the mushroom forest - cont . 22 Alice back away . alice that 's not I . the dormouse I know ! white rabbit resolve this for we , absolem . be she the right Alice ? the caterpillar look Alice in the eye . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 20 . 22 continued : 22 the caterpillar not hardly . he blow smoke , obliterate himself from view . the dormouse I tell you ! white rabbit oh dear ! tweedledum I say so . tweedledee no , I say so . tweedledum contrariwise , you say she might be . tweedledee no . you say she would be if she be . the flowers Little imposter ! pretend to be Alice ! she should be ashamed ! white rabbit I be so certain of you . they all glare at she as if it be somehow she fault . alice I be sorry . I do not mean to be the wrong Alice . wait , this be my dream . I be go to wake up now and you will all disappear . she close she eye and pinch herself . she open they again . the animal be still there . alice ( cont ’d ) that 's curious . she pinch herself again . the animal just look at she . alice ( cont ’d ) pinch usually do the trick . the dormouse pull a long sharp hat pin from she scabbard . ( continued ) 22 23 10/28/08 Blue revise page 21 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 the dormouse I could stick you if that would help . alice it might actually . thank you . the dormouse my pleasure . she stab she in the ankle with relish . Alice yelp . but instead of a small sound , a thunderous roar be hear and the bandersnatch smashes through a high wall . tweedledee bandersnatch ! it have a huge furry body with the head of a rabid bulldog . drool ooze from he squash muzzle . his fur be cake with blood and filth . his tooth be shark like and break , stain with blood . a foul stench emanate from he . everyone scatter . but they be intercept by red knight wear the red queen 's crest : a heart in flame . the Knights capture the flee animal . a pig and a flamingo be catch and throw into a cage wagon . the dodo get away . a knight grab the White rabbit by he leg , lift he up ... white rabbit unhand I ! I do not enjoy be ... he 's toss into the cage wagon with the other . ext . the garden path - cont . 23 Alice run . the bandersnatch thunder after she . she stop . alice wait . it 's only a dream . nothing can hurt I . she turn around to face it . the dormouse watch from behind a tree . the dormouse what be she do ? the bandersnatch open its drool muzzle to eat Alice . alice ( cont ’d ) can not hurt I ... can not hurt I . ( continued ) 23 24 25 26 27 10/28/08 Blue revise page 22 . continued : 23 the dormouse run , you great lug ! the dormouse groan . she leap onto the bandersnatch , pull herself up , hand - over -hand to its shoulder and drive she hatpin into its eye . it bellow ! she try to pull the hatpin out , but the whole eye pop out . bandersnatch howl and whip around rake Alice 's arm with its long claw . she run . ext . the mushroom forest - on the oraculum 24 a large hand with red birthmark reach down and pick up the abandon oraculum . the grim knave of heart , ilosovic stayne , have a flame red birth mark which cover half he face and hand . he look through the scroll and see something that alarm he . he tuck it into he saddle bag and ride away . ext . the crossling - day 25 Alice run down the path , but it diverge in two direction . a road sign point south to '' snud '' and east to '' queast '' . tweedledum this way ! East to queast ! tweedledee no , south to snud ! he pull she one way . tweedledee pull she the other . there 's a ear-slitting screech . the enormous jubjub bird land in front of they . it 's part monkey - eat eagle and part ostrich . it make a '' jub 's jub '' sound as it snatch the tweedles in its claw and take flight . ext . flying with the jubjub bird 26 the jubjub fly over the barren red earth of crim with the tweedles in its claw toward salazen grum and the castle of the Red Queen on the shore of the crimsen sea . her flag with the heart in flame fly atop the spire . int . the red queen 's great hall / throne room - day 27 a long hall be line with frog footmen with a fish butler . the red queen be angry scream come from behind close door . the door bang open to reveal iracebeth the red queen . she have a huge oversize head , extremely large feature , and bright red hair . ( continued ) 27 10/28/08 Blue revise page 23 . continued : 27 red queen someone steal three of my tart ! she lean into the face of a frog . red queen ( cont 'd ) do you steal they ? footfrog # 1 no , you majesty . she walk the row , study the face of each frog . at the end , she whirl to leer into the face of one terrify frog . red queen do you steal my tart ? footfrog # 3 no , you majesty . she wipe a telltale bit of jam from the side of its mouth . she hold she finger up and sniff the juice . red queen squimberry juice . footfrog # 3 I be so hungry ! red queen off with he head ! Red Knights converge on the guilty frog. footfrog # 3 no! please ! I have little one to look after ! the Knights drag he out . the Queen turn to the Fish butler . red queen go to he house and collect the little one . I love tadpole on toast point almost as much as I love caviar . the Fish butler suppress he revulsion and anger . knave of heart majesty ? the Queen 's face light up to see he . she turn flirty . ( continued ) 27 10/28/08 Blue revise page 24 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 red queen ilosovic stayne ... you knave , where have you be lurking ? she hold out she hand . he kiss it , barely . she sigh . knave of heart majesty , I find the oraculum . he lay it on a table and roll it out . red queen that ? it look so ordinary for a oracle . knave of heart look here . on the frabjous Day . he point to the illustration of Alice in the scroll . red queen I would know that tangle mess of hair anywhere . be it Alice ? knave of heart I believe it be . red queen what be she do with my darling jabberwocky ? knave of heart she appear to be slay it . red queen she kill my jabberbabywocky ! knave of heart not yet . but it will happen if we do not stop she . red queen find Alice , stayne . find she ! knave of heart I will bring she head and lay it at you foot . red queen no . bring the whole girl . I want to do it myself . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 25 . 27 . continued : ( 3 ) 27 he nod . 28 ext . near the stable - later 28 stayne sit on he horse as the Knights hold a growl bloodhound , bayard , bound by a spike collar and heavy rope . knave of heart find the scent of human girl and earn you freedom . bloodhound for my wife and pup as well ? knave of heart everyone go home . he put he nose to the ground and lead the Knights off . stayne stroke he horse 's neck . stayne 's horse dog will believe anything . 29 ext . the tulgey wood - day - cont . 29 still run , Alice stop to look at the gashes on she arm . cheshire cat ( 0.s. ) it look like you run afoul of something with wick claw . she see the disembody head of a cat hover midair . alice and I be still dream ! cheshire cat what do that to you ? alice Banner or bander ... cheshire cat the bandersnatch ? I have better have a look . the cat disappear then reappear as a whole cat . chessur be all calm , casual sensuality with a seductive grin . he inspect the wound , then try to lick it . alice what be you do ? ( continued ) 29 30 10/28/08 Blue revise page 26 . continued : 29 cheshire cat it need to be purify by someone with evaporate skill or it will fester and putrefy . alice I ' 1ll be fine as soon as I wake up . cheshire cat at least let I bind it for you . she allow he to use he handkerchief to bind the wound . cheshire cat what do you call yourself ? alice Alice . cheshire cat the Alice ? alice I be not go into that again ! chesire cat I never get involved in politics . you would best be on you way . alice what way ? all I want to do be wake up from this dream ! cheshire cat Fine . i’1l take you to the Hare and the hatter . but that 's the end of it . he disappear suddenly . she look around . he reappear ahead . cheshire cat ( cont ’d ) come ? there 's nothing else for she to do but follow . ext . house of the MARCH hare - day 30 the house be part hare / part house . the chimney be ear . the roof be thatched with fur . the picket fence be rabbit foot , doorknob a bunny tail . the window be pink rabbit eye that look round and blink . ( continued ) 30 10/28/08 Blue revise page 27 . continued : 30 the tea party have be go on for year . the tea set be a odd admixture of crack pot and chip cup . the tablecloth be stain and threadbare , the chair lopsided . the mad hatter slump in one of they , stare into space , pale and morose . even he clothes reflect he gloomy mood . he always wear a rag and scorched top hat . paranoid and anxious , the MARCH hare constantly wring he paw and long ear . the dormouse have arrive ahead of Alice . she wear the bandersnatch eye at she waist . the Hare / house tap the March Hare on he head . MARCH hare what ? where ? who 's there ? the cheshire cat stroll in with Alice . at sight of she , the hatter bolt upright . he brighten , he clothes even perk up . transfix , he move towards she , shortest route be across the top of the table . he come close , study she intently . mad hatter you hair want cut ... it 's you . the dormouse no , it 's not . mctwisp bring we the wrong Alice . mad hatter it 's absolutely Alice . you be absolutely Alice ! I have know you anywhere . I have know he anywhere . he take she hand and pull she back over the top of the table . she try not to step on any teacup . he plunk she down in the chair next to he . mad hatter well , as you can see we be still have tea . it 's all because I be oblige to kill time wait for you return . you be terribly late , you know ... naughty . well anyway , time become quite offended and stop altogether . not a tick ever since . alice time can be funny in dream . mad hatter yes yes , of course . but now you be back , you see , and we need to get on to the frabjous day . I be investigate thing that begin with the letter M. ( more ) ( continued ) + h hk + eh 10/28/08 Blue revise page 27a . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 mad hatter ( cont would ) have you any idea why a raven be like a write desk ? Hare , hatter and dormouse clasp they hand high . hatter / hare / dormouse downal wyth bluddy behg hid ! ( continued ) 30 10/28/08 Blue revise page 28 . continued : ( 3 ) 30 alice sorry ? cheshire cat '' down with the bloody Big head '' . bloody Big head be the Red Queen . the dormouse it 's a secret language use by we ... the underland Underground resistance ! mad hatter come , come . we simply must commence * with the slay and such ... ( to time ) therefore , it 's high time for time to * forgive and forget . or forget and * forgive , whichever come first . or , be * in any case , most convenient . I be * wait . * the March Hare tap he watch , listen to it , dip it into he tea cup , listen again . MARCH hare it 's tick again ! the cat put he tea cup down with disgust . chesire cat all this talk of blood and slay have put I off my tea . mad hatter the entire world be fall to ruin * and poor chessur 's off he tea . chesire cat what happen that day be not my fault ! suddenly enraged , the hatter slam both hand on the table . cup and teapot go fly . mad hatter you run out on they to save you own skin ! ( cursing in outlandish ) you guddler 's scuttish pilgar licker ... ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 28a. 30 continued : ( 4 ) 30 the cheshire cat put he paw over Alice 's ear . the hatter keep cursing faster and faster . he can not stop himself . ( continued ) 30 10/28/08 Blue revise page 29 . continued : ( 5 ) 30 mad hatter .-- shukem juggling sluke ur-pal . bar lom muck egg brimni . the dormouse hatter ! the hatter jerk . he pull himself back to the moment . mad hatter ( fez ?? ) thank you . I be fine . chesire cat what 's wrong with you , tarrant ? you use to be the life of the party . you use to do the best futterwacken in all of witzend . alice futter ...? the dormouse it 's a dance . mad hatter on the frabjous day , when the White Queen once again wear the crown , again . on that day , I will futterwacken ... vigorously . they glare at each other like estrange brother . the Hare / House tap March Hare on the shoulder again . MARCH hare what ? the knave ! hide she ! cheshire cat disappear . hatter pick up a small bottle . mad hatter drink this . alice oh no ... they force the liquid down she . she shrink to six inch high . they shove she into the teapot and cram she now over - large clothes in behind she . the hatter close the lid . mad hatter mind you head . 31 32 10/28/08 Blue revise page 30 . int . the teapot - day 31 it 's dim inside , except for a stream of light from the spout . ext . the tea party - day - cont . 32 the hatter do a headstand in he chair . the dormouse climb into a soup tureen . the Hare lay on the table . follow he nose , bloodhound lead stayne and two red knight in . knave of heart well , if it 's not my favorite trio of lunatic . MARCH hare you be all late for tea ! the March Hare throw a teapot at they . knave of heart we be look for the girl call Alice . the bloodhound sniff around the table . mad hatter speak of the Queen ... here 's a song we sing at she soiree . hare / hatter / dormouse twinkle twinkle Little bat ! how I wonder where you be at ! stayne grab the hatter around the neck . knight # 1 crack Hare with he weapon . knight # 2 pour hot tea on the dormouse 's head . knave of heart if you be hide she , you will lose you head . mad hatter already lose they . all sing together . hare / hatter / dormouse up above the World you fly , like a tea tray in the sky . they all laugh crazily . 33 34 10/28/08 Blue revise page 31 . int . the teapot - alice 's Pov 33 Alice peek out the spout . Hare , hatter and dormouse sing on despite be hit , choke and dunked . hare / hatter / dormouse twinkle twinkle twinkle twinkle ! the bloodhound put its paw on the table , sniff Alice 's teapot . the hatter take a chance . he whisper to he . mad hatter downal with bloody behg hid . the bloodhound stop dead . hatter shoot a look at the teapot . the bloodhound drop to the ground and sniff , pretend to catch a new trail . knave of heart follow the bloodhound . the Knights go off . stayne linger suspiciously . knave of heart you be all mad . Hare / hatter / dormouse laugh hysterically . the knave go off . the Hare and dormouse stop laugh , but the hatter 's laughter go on ... and on . the dormouse hatter ! he jerk and drag himself back from the edge of hysteria . mad hatter I be fine . really , I be fine . ext . the tea party - day - continuous 34 he lift the teapot lid , but close it again . mad hatter sorry ... one moment ... he take a pair of milliner 's scissors from he pocket and quickly whip up a miniature ensemble for Alice out of the tea cozy , a doily and a swatch of she old dress . he lift the lid again and hand it to she . ( continued ) 34 10/28/08 Blue revise page 32 . continued : 34 mad hatter try this on for size . he close the lid again to give she privacy . in a moment , there 's a tiny knock on the lid . he open it and help she out in she remade clothes . mad hatter hum ... sorry , it 's the best I could do * I be afraid . not half bad . * the dormouse good thing the bloodhound be one of we or you would be ... she draw she finger across she throat ominously . MARCH hare best take she to marmoreal . she 'il be * safe with the White Queen . * alice can she help I wake up ? mad hatter if she do not put you to sleep . * he sweep he hat off and put it on the table . mad hatter you carriage , 'o lady . alice the hat ? mad hatter anyone can go by horse or rail . but the absolute best way to travel be by * hat. oohh ... I have just make a rhyme . * Alice sit on it , nervous and unsure , of the hat and the hatter . the dormouse sit on it too , shove Alice over . mad hatter sorry , mally ... just Alice . * she climb off , annoyed . the hatter put he hat on . ( continued ) 34 35 10/28/08 Blue revise page 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 mad hatter fairfar all ! they start off . dormouse watch they go jealously . MARCH hare but you have not have you tea ! mad hatter mind you head . * a teapot hurtle toward they . Alice duck . ext . the tulgey wood - traveling by hat 35 Alice hang on tight as the hatter walk at a jaunty pace . mad hatter ' twas brillig , and the slithy tove do gyre and gimble in the wabe : all mimsy be the borogove , and the mome rath outgrabe . she hop down to he shoulder . alice sorry ? what be that ? mad hatter sorry ? what be what ? the jabberwock with eye of flame . the jaw that bite . the claw that catch . beware of the jabberwock , my son . and the frumious bandersnatch . he take he vorpal sword in hand . the vorpal blade go snicker - snack . he leave it dead , and with its head . and he go galump back . it 's all about you , you know ... + HH HH +e % alice I be not slay anything . I do not slay . so put it out of you mind . mad hatter mmm. ..mind . * he drop she to the ground and walk on . she follow . alice wait . you can not leave I here ! ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 33A . 35 continued : 35 mad hatter you do not slay ... do you have any idea what the Red Queen have do ? ( more ) ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 34 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 mad hatter ( cont would ) ( mimick she ) you '' do not slay '' alice I could not if I want to . mad hatter ( accuse ) you be not the same as you be before . you be much more ... much more muchier ... you have lose you muchness . alice my muchness ? he poke she in the stomach with he finger . mad hatter in there . something 's miss . he walk away again . she frown , then run after he . alice tell I what Red Queen have do . mad hatter it 's not a pretty story . alice tell I anyway . he pick she up , plunk she back on he shoulder and push through the foliage which become blacken and twisted . 36 ext . the tulgey wood - on the blackened place 36 they come to a place where the ground be scorched and barren . his voice go hoarse with emotion as he begin the tale . mad hatter I be hatter to the Queen at the time . the hightopp clan have always be employ at court . his narration fade and we see the story unfold . 37 ext . the tulgey wood - the horunvendush day 37 the hatter stand with he clan : the hightopps . every one , adult and child , wear top hat . the mood be festive . ( continued ) 37 38 10/28/08 Blue revise page 35 . continued : 37 the White Queen sit on she white horse with other member of she court , include the White rabbit , March Hare , cheshire cat . the White knight hold the shine vorpal sword . the wood turn dark as enormous leathery wing block the sun . face fill with awe as they watch the fearsome creature . the knight , stunne by its magnitude , drop the sword and flee . panic ensue . people run as the jabberwocky shoot fire at they . the Queen 's horse rear . the hatter grab the rein and lead she to safety . he look back . White rabbit help other escape . the March Hare look up , shocked into paralysis . the cheshire cat hover near to the hightopp clan who stand together to protect the child . but as the jabberwocky descend upon they , the cat disappear . the knave pick up the fall sword . he lift it victoriously and the jabberwocky retreat . a moment later , the hatter return to the scene , face fill with shock and horror at the place where he clan take they stand . the earth still smolder . only one burn and trample hat remain . he toss he own hat away , pick up the burn one , brushes the soot off and place it firmly on he head . ext . the wood - alice and the hatter 38 Alice be deeply move . she look up at the scorched hat he still wear , then to he torment face . he twitches , drive to the edge of madness by guilt , helpless rage and deep loss . alice hatter ? hatter ! he jerk and pull himself back from the abyss . mad hatter I be fine . just fine really . alice be you ? mad hatter do you hear that ? I be certain I hear something . alice ( nervously ) voice ? he look back at the dark wood . ( continued ) 38 39 40 41 10/28/08 Blue revise page 36 . continued : 38 mad hatter Red Knights ! they hear the BAY of the bloodhound . he put Alice into he breast pocket and run . ext . the tulgey wood - dusk 39 the hatter dodge tree and leap over stump . he see the edge of the wood ahead . but there 's a flash of red through the tree . he turn . a Red knight step out . he turn the other way , another Red knight . they be surround . eyeing they warily , he whisper to Alice . mad hatter go south to grampas bluff . the White Queen 's castle be just beyond . the hatter sweep he hat off as if in a conciliatory gesture to the approach Knights . he whisper to Alice . mad hatter ( cont ’d ) jump on the hat . now . she take a leap onto the hat . the hatter fling he arm wide , send the hat and Alice sailing over the treetop . mad hatter ( cont ’d ) down with the bloody red queen ! she cling to the brim of the hat as it sail out of the wood . ext . the edge of tulgey wood - sunset 40 the hat land in the soft grass . Alice look back at the forest , and then south toward gently roll hill . it 's get dark and there be strange night sound out there . she slip under the relative safety of the hat for the night . int . under the hat - the next morning 41 Alice waken to the SOUND of something large sniffing outside the hat . she sit up . suddenly , the hat be flip over , expose she . she close eye for the end . a big wet nose sniff she . she open she eye . it 's the bloodhound , bayard . alice you turncoat ! you be suppose to lead they away ! the hatter trust you ! ( continued ) 41 10/28/08 Blue revise page 37 . continued : 41 the bloodhound they have my wife and pup . that information do little to lessen she anger . alice what 's you name ? the bloodhound bayard . alice sit ! he cock he head and look down at she curiously . alice ( cont 'd ) sit ! he sit , amused if nothing else . something occur to he . the bloodhound would you name be '' Alice '' by any chance ? alice yes , but I be not that one . the bloodhound the hatter would not have give himself up for just any Alice . alice where do they take he ? the bloodhound to the Red Queen 's castle at salazun grum . she look at he wear hat , remember the pain in he eye . alice we be go to rescue he . the bloodhound that be not foretold . alice I do not care . he would not be there if it be not for I . ( continued ) 41 42 43 44 45 10/28/08 Blue revise page 38 . continued : ( 2 ) 41 the bloodhound the frabjous Day be almost upon we . you must prepare to meet the jabberwocky . alice I have have quite enough ! since the moment I fall down that rabbit hole , I have be tell what I must do and who I must be . I have be shrink , stretch , scratch and stuff into a teapot . I have be accuse of be Alice and of not be Alice . but this be my dream ! I x11 decide how it go from here . the bloodhound if you diverge from the path ... alice I make the path ! she 's so commanding , he lie down at she foot . she climb up he long ear and sit on he shoulder . alice ( cont ’d ) take I to salazen grum . and do not forget the hat . the bloodhound pick up the hat in he tooth and run . Alice hang onto he spike collar to keep she seat . ext . gummer slough - day 42 bayard wade through viscous red mud with Alice on he back . he hold he head high to keep the hat out of the mud . ext . crim - day 43 bayard race across the red desert to salazen grum and the dark castle that sit on the tempestuous shore . ext . salazen grum - castle of the red queen 44 the wall be high and forebode with a surround moat . ext . the castle wall - day 45 they approach the moat and they see large lumpish object which appear to be the head of the execute . they look around for a way across . ( continued ) 45 46 47 48 10/28/08 Blue revise page 39 . continued : 45 the bloodhound ( cont ’d ) there 's only one way across . Alice look at the grim moat . she take a deep breath for courage . alice lose my muchness have I ? ext . the grim moat - day - cont . 46 she jump onto one of the float head , then cross the moat by jump from head to head . reaching the other side , she vomit onto the ground . she look up at the impossibly high wall , then see a small crack open near the ground ... just wide enough for a six inch girl . she squeeze through it . in a moment , she head reappear . she call across to bayard . alice bayard ! the hat ! he pick the hat up in he tooth , turn in circle like a discus thrower and release it . the hat sail high across the moat and over the wall . bayard bay he farewell . ext . the queen 's garden - the bushes - day - cont . 47 Alice find herself in the bush at the edge of a garden . she hear a loud whack , a small cry of pain , then cheer and laughter . she look through the bush . ext . the great lawn - day - cont . 48 the Queen and she courtier play croquet . the Red Queen with she huge head be surround by three powder and paint courtier with equally out - size body part : a woman with a extra - large nose , another with long hanging ear , a man with a huge protruding belly . the Queen swing she mallet . there 's that small cry again . Alice look around for the source . the ball roll toward she and lay , furry and gasp , in the grass . it 's a hedgehog tie by its four leg into a awkward ball . its fur be matte and filthy , its face bury in the grass . thwack ! it cry out as it 's hit again . the mallet be a miserable flamingo tie by its foot . the hedgehog roll to a stop near Alice . she attempt to untie it . it cry out fearfully . alice shhh . I want to help you . ( continued ) 48 49 10/28/08 Blue revise page 40 . continued : 48 red queen ( 0.s. ) where 's my ball ? page ! Alice frees the hedgehog . it stare at she mutely before stumbling into the foliage . Alice see two large white furry foot . her gaze travel up to the White rabbit , dress as a court page . ext . the bushes 49 he look down at tiny Alice . white rabbit well ! if it be not the wrong Alice . what bring you here ? alice I have come for two reason . she beckon he closer . he bend down . she punch he . alice ( cont ’d ) that 's for drag I down here against my will ! white rabbit you do not have to hit I ! now there 's go to be a bruise . be there ? he show she he chin . she look , indulge he . alice no . white rabbit what 's the other reason ? alice I be go to rescue the hatter . white rabbit you be not rescue anyone be the size of a gerbil . alice do you have any of that cake that make I grow before ? white rabbit upelkuchen ? actually , I might have some leave . ( continued ) 49 50 10/28/08 Blue revise page 41 . continued : 49 he dig in he pocket and take out a large piece of the cake . she take it and shove it into she mouth . white rabbit ( cont ’d ) not all of it ! too late . Alice shoot upward . button fly off she tear garment , seam strain and give way . white rabbit ( cont ’d ) oh no , stop ! do not do that ! she grow right out of the shred of she remain clothes until she burst through the bush ... stark rave nude . ext . the great lawn - day - cont . 50 Alice look down at the Red Queen and she courtier . the tall bush hide all but she head and shoulder . everyone stare . red queen and what be this ? the White rabbit come out , improvise like mad . white rabbit it 's a '' who '' , majesty . this be ...um red queen um ? alice from umbradge . red queen what happen to you garment ? alice I outgrew they . I tower over everyone in umbradge . they laugh at I . so I have come to you , hope you might understand what it 's like . red queen my dear girl . anyone with a head that large be welcome in my court . the courtier with they equally out - size body part laugh . ( continued ) 50 51 10/28/08 Blue revise page 42 . continued : 50 red queen ( cont 'd ) someone find her some clothes ! use the draperies if you must but clothe this enormous girl ! ( to Alice ) you will be my new favorite . the courtier exchange competitive glance , especially lady long ear . int . the red queen 's castle - great hall / throne room - day 51 large Alice , clad in hastily construct garment , proceed with the Queen down the great hall toward the throne room . along with the footfrogs , monkey hold up table and chair with they arm and head . exhausted bird flap they wing to stay aloft with lamp hang from they beak . the Queen plop down on she ornate throne . spider monkey serve as leg of the throne . they strain under the weight . the Queen kick off she shoe . red queen I need a pig here ! a small pig hurry over and lay down belly up . she put she foot on he belly and sigh . red queen ( cont 'd ) I love a warm pig belly for my aching foot . ( to Alice ) sit! sit ! Alice sit , try to keep she weight off the chair hold up by monkey . the Queen wave she hand at the three courtier . red queen go away . the courtier go out with dark jealous look at Alice . red queen where be my fatboy ? you must meet they ! fatboy ! the tweedles come in . they be bound together by a gold belt around they waist . they face have be paint and powder with heart on they cheek and red heart lip . they eye be lower , downtrodden . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 43 . 51 continued : 51 red queen ( cont 'd ) there they be ! be not they adorable ? and they have the oddest way of speak . speak boy . amuse we . she kick tweedledum . red queen ( cont 'd ) speak ! dum lift he eye and see Alice . he nudge Dee . tweedledum be that be ...? Alice lift a finger to she lip . tweedledee no , it be not . not a bit . but tweedledum do not see Alice 's gesture . tweedledum contrariwise , I believe it be so ... tweedledee no ! it be not so . nohow ! he stomp on dum 's foot to silence he . dum pinch he . Dee pinch he back . the Queen laugh raucously . red queen I love my fatboy . now get out . they go out . stayne enter . the Queen blink she eye seductively at he . stayne repress a shudder . red queen ( cont 'd ) there you be , stayne . any luck with the prisoner ? knave of heart he 's stubborn . red queen you be too soft . bring he ! the Knights go off . stayne notice Alice . knave of heart and who be this lovely creature ? ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 44 . continued : ( 2 ) 51 he take Alice 's hand , look at she intensely . red queen um , my new favorite . knave of heart do she have a name ? red queen um . knave of heart yes ? her name ? red queen it 's um ! knave of heart I believe you name have slip the Queen 's mind . she smack he . red queen her name be um , you dolt ! the knave react with smolder anger . alice from umbradge . knave of heart ilosovic stayne , at you service . he kiss she hand . she pull it away quickly . the guard drag the hatter in , chain by hand and foot . the Queen lift he head by he hair . Alice stifles a gasp . he 's be rough up . his eye have a empty far-away stare . red queen we know Alice have return to underland . do you know where she be ? he do not respond . she clap she hand in front of he face . hatter jerk back to the moment , but do not see Alice . mad hatter I have be consider thing that begin with the letter '' m '' 's : moron , mutiny , murder , malice ... ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 45 . 51 continued : ( 3 ) 51 red queen be look for a '' a '' word now . where be Alice ? he think hard , have a inspiration , change he mind , be - consider , mull , then shrug . mad hatter who ? that wee little boy ? I would not * know . * red queen what if I take off you head , will you know then ? she laugh . the hatter laugh louder and keep laugh . red queen stop that . he laugh louder in she face . she slap he . he keep laugh , madly . the Queen make a '' loco '' motion to the other . but when the hatter see Alice , the mad laughter stop . surprise at she new size , he give she a wry smile . he turn to the Queen , smarmy and unctuous . mad hatter my , what a regrettably large head you * have . I should very much like to hat * it . red queen hat it ? mad hatter yes , I use to hat the White Queen , * you know , but there be not very much * for I to work with , poor dear . her * head be so small . red queen it 's tiny , a pimple of a head . mad hatter but this ... what I could do with * this , monument , this orb . nay , this * magnificently heroic globe ! * red queen what could you do ? he lift he bound hand helplessly . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 45a . 51 continued : ( 4 ) 51 red queen ( cont 'd ) unbind he , stayne ! how can he work if he hand be bound ? ( continued ) 51 52 53 10/28/08 Blue revise page 46 . continued : ( 5 ) 51 the knave unbind he hand . hatter circle the Queen . mad hatter shall it be a bonnet or a boater , or * something for the boudoir ? ( grow manic ) a cloche , dunce hat , death cap , coif , snood , barboosh or pugree , , yarmulke , cockle -hat , pork - pie , tam o’shanter , billy - cock , bicorn , tricorn , bandeau , bongrace , fan -tail , night cap , garibaldi , fez ... +e * hf Alice pretend to sneeze . alice hatter ! he jerk back to the moment . mad hatter I be fine . I be fine . * red queen ( to Alice and stayne ) leave we . the knave be suspicious of the hatter . but he interest in Alice draw he away . int . the hall - cont . 52 he 's right behind Alice , breathe down she neck . she try to move past he , but he grab she arm with the wound . she cry out as he push she against the wall . knave of heart ( cont ’d ) I like you , um . I like they large . he lean in for a kiss just as Lady Long ear pass . she smile and go off . alice get away from I ! she kick he and run . he glare after she . ext . marmoreal - grampas bluff - day 53 bayard cross the bluff and approach the White Queen 's castle . 54 10/28/08 Blue revise page 46a . int . the white queen 's courtyard - day 54 mirana , the white queen wait for bayard as he stagger inside . ( continued ) 54 55 56 10/28/08 Blue revise page 47 . continued : 54 white queen what news , bayard ? bayard Alice have return to underland . a smile light up the Queen 's soft lovely face . white queen where be she now ? bayard in salazun grum . forgive I , I allow she to divert from she destine path . white queen but that be exactly where she will find the vorpal sword . we have we champion ! Rest now . you have do well . exhausted , he fall to the ground . ext . the red queen 's castle - the garden 55 Alice search in the bush , pass the hedgehog who 's clean the cake dirt off he fur . alice ah . the hedgehog watch Alice pick up the hat . she wipe the mud off and straighten it out with loving care . int . red queen 's bed chamber - evening 56 the Queen stand at the window . red queen you must find Alice , stayne . without the jabberwocky , my sister 's follower will surely rise against I . ( bitter ) my ugly little sister ... why do they adore she and not I ? stayne come up behind , but do not touch she . knave of heart I can not fathom it . you be far superior in all way . ( continued ) 56 57 10/28/08 Blue revise page 48 . continued : 56 red queen I know . but mirana can make anyone fall in love with she : man , woman , even the furniture . she glance at the captive animal / furniture . knave of heart even the King . her dark , bitter gaze travel down to the grim moat below . red queen I have to do it . he would have leave I . knave of heart majesty , be not it better to be fear than love ? red queen I be not certain anymore . oh , let she have the rabble ! I do not need they . I have you . she lean she large head back , she eye big and dewy . red queen ( cont 'd ) I do have you , do not I , stayne ? he manage a smile , but give she no reply . int . the red queen 's dressing room - night 57 the hatter hum as he work with ribbon , bow , veil and feather . Alice enter a room full of huge , colorful hat . alice they be wonderful ! you must let I try one on . he put a hat on she . she pose like a grand lady . she put one on he . he pose like a grand lady too . they laugh . mad hatter it 's good to be work at my trade again . alice it 's just a pity you have to make they for she . ( continued ) 57 10/28/08 Blue revise page 49 . continued : 57 realizing what he 's do , he 's suddenly fill with remorse and self- recrimination . his clothes '' slump '' as well . mad hatter what 's the hatter with I ? the * hatter ... mmmmm . mmmmm , mar , mar . * fury seize he . he take scissors and murderously attack a hat , cut it to shred , then another and another . alice stop ! stop ! she take he face in she hand , force he to look at she . alice ( cont 'd ) hatter ! look into he eye , she can see the fear in they . mad hatter have you any idea why a raven be like a write desk ? I be frighten . I do not like it in here , terribly crowded . have I go mad ? + eh she feel he forehead , like she father do year ago . alice I be afraid so . you be entirely bonker . but i’1ll tell you a secret ... all the best people be . he straighten he shoulder with pride . his clothes puff up . alice oh , look ! here 's another one . she pick up he hat from behind a box . it 's he very own hightopp hatter 's hat . his eye fill with emotion to see it . she put it on he head . alice ( cont ’d ) that 's better . you look yourself again . he 's too overwhelm to speak . he take it off and hold it to he heart with gratitude . red queen ( 0.s. ) hat man ! where be my hat ? I be not a patient monarch ! ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 49a . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 her grate voice remind he of he purpose . ( continued ) 57 58 10/28/08 Blue revise page 50 . continued : ( 3 ) 57 mad hatter I be tell she keep the vorpoal sword hide in the castle . find it , Alice . take it to the White Queen . help we make the world right again . she glance at the long thick chain from he ankle to the wall and consider another use for the sword . alice we will go to the White Queen together . he take she hand . there 's a moment between they that might have be something more if it be not for she large size . mad hatter why be it you be always too small or too tall ? int . red queen 's castle - upstair hall - night 58 Alice approach the tweedles who be station on either side of the Queen 's courtroom door . alice tweedles ! tweedledee Alice ! they shake she hand vigorously . tweedledum howdoyedo again . alice where 's ...? tweedledee how be it you be be so great big ? tweedledum she be not great big . this be how she normal be . alice where 's the ...? tweedledum I be certain she be smaller when we meet . ( continued ) 58 59 10/28/08 Blue revise page 51 . continued : 58 tweedledee she have drank the pishsalver , to get through the door , recall it ? she put she hand over they mouth . alice where 's the rabbit ? tweedles over there ! they point in opposite direction . int . red queen 's castle - a hall - night 59 Alice follow the tweedles . she see the dormouse , dress as a chamber may . she 's whisper with the White rabbit . alice what be you do here ? the dormouse I be rescue the hatter . alice I be rescue the hatter . but you can help . he tell I that the vorpal sword be hide in the castle . that mean someone must have see it ... a footfrog , a chamber mouse , a pigstool , someone ! ask they all ! go ! the tweedles go off . the dormouse and White rabbit remain . the dormouse I do not take order from big clumsy , galumph ... Alice loom over she . she point imperiously . alice shoo ! humiliate but outsize , the dormouse stalk off . the White rabbit be still there . alice what be it , mctwisp ? white rabbit I know where the sword be . ( continued ) 59 60 61 10/28/08 Blue revise page 52 . continued : 59 alice why do not you say so ? white rabbit you will hit I again . alice I will not hit you ! ext . the stable - night 60 they stand in front of the stable . white rabbit the sword 's hide inside . Alice open the door . they both react to the stench . alice I know that smell . she look inside the stable . on the bandersnatch - her Pov - night the bandersnatch lay in he stall with he huge ugly head on its paw . he moan . the socket with the miss eye ooze blood . Alice gasp and close the door . the White rabbit duck to avoid another hit . alice I be not go in there ! look what that thing do to my arm . she show he the wound . it 's larger , very swollen . he gasp . white rabbit dear oh dear ! why have not you mention this ? alice it be not this bad before . he twitches , breathe fast , flap he paw and faint . Alice look back at the door , consider . int . queen 's castle - upstair hall - night 61 Alice see mallymkun study a decorative sword on the wall . ( continued ) 61 10/28/08 Blue revise page 53 . continued : 61 alice mallymkun ! do you still have the bandersnatch eye ? the dormouse right here . she hike up she may 's skirt to reveal she breech beneath . the bandersnatch eye be still at she waist . alice I need it . Alice try to take it . the dormouse swat she hand away . the dormouse get you own ! alice I need that eye , mally . mallymkun draw she hatpin sword , brandish it dangerously . the dormouse come and get it . she 's much much smaller than Alice with a tiny weapon . Alice laugh . mallymkun realize the absurdity . the dormouse ( cont ’d ) right . she toss Alice the hatpin and take the decorative sword from the wall . she run at Alice with the huge sword . the dormouse ahhhhh ! Alice sidestep she attack , then tentatively stab at she with the hatpin . the tweedles arrive and coach Alice . tweedledum thrust now ! tweedledee no , stabbing ! tweedledum thrust like this ! ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 65 66 10/28/08 Blue revise page 54 . continued : ( 2 ) 61 he poke he . Dee poke he back . they go at it as the dormouse and Alice fight . Alice step ... back ... and back . they pass the Queen 's dress room . int . the dressing room - night 62 the hatter try hat on the Queen with aloof disdain . she look in she mirror which be distort to make she head appear normal -size . she preens . hatter look up to see Alice lose in swordplay to the dormouse . in a moment , the battle tweedles pass by as well . int . the hall - night 63 mallymkun stand on a bureau with Alice up against the wall . Alice duck as the sword swishes over she head . Alice see she moment and slice the thin rope at mally 's waist which hold the eye . it drop into she hand . alice hal she run with it . mallymkun do not give chase . int . the dressing room - night 64 mallymkun shake she head at the hatter as if to say Alice be a hopeless case . int . bandersnatch stable - night 65 Alice approach the bandersnatch . he growl . alice I have you eye . she hold it up . see he lose eye , the bandersnatch whine . Alice slowly lift the bar to open the stall door and ease inside . int . the bandersnatch stall - night 66 she hold the eye up . he growl . she put it on the ground near he . he sniff it , whine , and pull it closer with he paw . while he 's distract , Alice go to the back of the stall . she see a chest cover by a tarp . she remove the tarp to reveal a ornate metal chest secure with a large lock . dishearten and feverish , Alice slump to the ground . ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 10/28/08 Blue revise page 55 . continued : 66 she pull she sleeve back to look at the swollen , infect wound on she arm . she touch it , stifles a cry of pain . she glance at the bandersnatch , still busy with he eye . sweating and shiver , she pull at the lock . but she vision go dim . she blink , shaking she head . and the world go black . int . the hall —- morning 67 big nose woman and big belly man walk silently to the Queen 's dress room . they fidget as if they be very uncomfortable . int . queen 's dressing room - continuous 68 once inside , they smile , gasp and flatter . big belly man you be stun in that hat ! the hatter take it off and dump a large brimm hat on she that cover half she face . big nose woman you majesty have never look better . her nose fall off and land on the Queen 's shoulder . the hatter pick it up curiously . mad hatter it smell like you have drop something . the woman feel for she nose which be still there but normal size . she gasp , grab the fake and turn away quickly . the hatter 's eye narrow suspiciously . he can see strap above big belly man 's pants which hold he protrude belly in place . the woman turn back with she long nose reattach . hatter laugh out loud , not a mad laugh but with genuine amusement . they look at he . red queen never mind he . he 's mad . Lady Long - ear rush in and whisper into the Queen 's ear . red queen ( cont 'd ) stayne ! int . bandersnatch stable - day 69 Alice wake up . the bandersnatch loom over she . he 's manage to shove the eye back into its socket . it stare upwards uselessly . ( continued ) 69 70 71 10/28/08 Blue revise page 56 . continued : 69 but he seem to feel better for have it back in place . she notice a large key on a chain hang around he neck . the key to the lock . she reach for it . the bandersnatch sniff she arm and the wound he inflicted . she wince but will not be deterr . she pull the key off . the bandersnatch gently lick the wound . his tongue be soothing . she sigh and allow he to lick the wound clean . she look at it . miraculously , the infection be go and the swell be down . she move it around . no pain . the bandersnatch look at she , one eye askew . alice I suppose you think this make we even now . Alice fit the key into the lock on the chest and open it . she lift the vorpal sword . it 's make of shine silver with a ornate handle . she hold it up to the light . there be rune engrave on the blade . she carry it out of the stall , glance back at the bandersnatch before go out . int . red queen 's great hall - day 70 the knave be on he knee before the Queen , talk fast . knave of heart um force herself on I . I tell she my heart belong to you . but she 's obsessed with I . the Queen go bright red with rage . red queen off with she head ! int . red queen 's dressing room - day 71 the dormouse try to pick the lock to the chain around hatter 's ankle with she hatpin . alice ( 0.s. ) stand back , mallymkun . the dormouse and the hatter look up to see Alice victoriously hold the vorpal sword high over she head . alice how 's this for '' muchness '' ? she bring the sword toward the chain . ( continued ) 71 72 10/28/08 Blue revise page 57 . continued : 71 mad hatter stop ! it must not be use for anything but ... stayne stride in with he Knights . he point to Alice . knave of heart arrest that girl for unlawful seduction . the dormouse hatter ! she toss the hatter the decorative sword from the hall . he fight with stayne . hatter be formidable even chain . mally stab the Knights with she hatpin . Alice swing the sword . mad hatter no ! take it to the White Queen ! alice I be not leave without you ! the dormouse Alice ! go ! stayne stop dead . he look at she with sudden revelation . knave of heart Alice ? hatter / dormouse run ! she run . knave of heart seize her ! ext . the red queen 's castle - day 72 she burst out the back . stayne and the Knights just behind . she run , dodging Knights . but they manage to surround she . she swing the sword to keep they back . knave of heart Alice . of course ! why do not I see it ? well , it have be a long time . and you be such a little tyke then . give I the sword . ( continued ) 72 73 74 75 76 10/28/08 Blue revise page 58 . continued : 72 alice stay back ! he distract she as two Knights come up behind . knave of heart the Queen will be so pleased . she will take great pleasure in take off you head . I believe she want to do the deed herself . as the Knights grab she there 's a deep thunderous growl . the bandersnatch run at they , bite and snap . they release Alice and back away . the bandersnatch lower he head for she to climb onto he back . stayne and the Knights astonished . alice downal wyth bluddy behg hid ! ext . the drawbridge - day 73 Alice and the bandersnatch approach the open drawbridge . the Knights abandon they post . they pound across . ext . crim - day 74 bayard wait on nearby hill . he see the bandersnatch with Alice on its back . he run out to meet they . bloodhound Ho , Alice ! alice bayard ! to marmoreal ! ext . white queen 's castle - day 75 bayard lead Alice and the bandersnatch toward the White Queen 's Castle . the drawbridge lower for they . int . white queen' throne room - day 76 the White Queen 's castle be light and airy in contrast to the oppression of she sister 's . she sit on she throne . the white knight be suit of armor stand in a prominent position . Alice enter carry the vorpal sword . white queen welcome to marmoreal . ( continued ) 76 77 10/28/08 Blue revise page 59 . continued : 76 Alice bow and offer she the vorpal sword . the White Queen nod she thanks . she place the sword in the hand of the stand suit of silver armor . white queen the vorpal sword be home again . the armor be complete . now all we need be a champion . she look at Alice significantly . Alice drop she eye . white queen you be a little taller than I think you would be . alice blame it on too much upelkuchen . white queen come with I . int . the white queen 's kitchen - day - later 77 as they enter , a pepper mill fly across the room and hit the wall behind they . alice be the March Hare around ? MARCH hare you be late for soup ! he pick up a whole pot of soup and throw it . it hit the wall . Alice take a finger to the wall for a taste . alice could use salt . a salt shaker come fly at she . she catch it and '' salt '' the wall . she taste it again and kiss she finger in a gesture of perfection . the White Queen prepare pishalver in a pot on the stove , take ingredient from a cupboard fill with a admixture of herb , spice , flour , sugar , insect , shrivel finger , eyeball , and other odious thing . white queen pishalver . let I think . two cup grape juice , , a pinch of wormfat ... ( more ) ( continued ) 77 continued : 10/28/08 Blue revise page 60 . 77 white queen ( cont would ) my mother teach I how to concoct all the medicinal cure and transformational potion , a teaspoon vanilla ... urine of the horsefly , butter finger ... ...- my sister prefer to study Dominion over live thing . tell I , how do she seem to you ? alice perfectly horrid . white queen she be not always that way . well , maybe she be . and she head ? alice bulbous , bloat , like a blimp . white queen I think she may have some kind of growth in there ... something press on she brain . ... three coin from a dead man 's pocket , two tablespoon of wishful think ... alice you can not imagine the thing that go on in that place . white queen oh yes , I can . but when a champion step forth to slay the jabberwocky , the people will rise against she . ( she spit into it ) that should do it . she dip a tiny spoon into the pot and offer it to Alice . white queen ( cont 'd ) blow . Alice blow , take a sip and shrink to she normal size . white queen ( cont 'd ) feel better ? alice much . thank you . ( continued ) 77 78 79 80 10/28/08 Blue revise page 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 77 white queen there 's someone here who would like to speak with you . int . the red queen 's great hall / throne room - day 78 knave of heart majesty , Alice have escape . the Queen be so angry she slap he . knave of heart on the bandersnatch . she slap he again . knave of heart with the vorpal sword . she slap he yet again . he grit he tooth . red queen how could you let this happen ? knave of heart I may have underestimate she . but we have she conspirator . the hatter and a dormouse . red queen off with they head ! int . the red queen 's dungeon - night 79 a female bloodhound , bielle , pace she cell as she pup shiver in the corner . int . the red queen 's dungeon / hatter 's cell - night 80 hatter 's slump on the floor , stare off into space , mallymkun 's in a large bird cage hang from the ceiling . stayne arrive with he Red Knights . knave of heart hatter ! no response . a knight prod he with he truncheon . a knight he 's ' round the bend . ( continued ) 80 81 10/28/08 Blue revise page 62 . continued : 80 knave of heart pity . it 's a bore to behead a madman . no weep , no begging ... female bloodhound why be you keep we here ? we have do nothing wrong ! knave of heart blame you husband . he leave you here to rot . female bloodhound you lie ! she leap at the bar snarling . he jump back . the hatter instantly have he arm around stayne 's neck , squeezing . his man try to break the hatter 's grip . but the madness be in he eye and he feel no pain . finally , the Knights free stayne . he stagger back , gasp . knave of heart you head come off at dawn ! and that one too ! he point to the dormouse . the hatter turn conciliatory . mad hatter oh , come come . it 's such a small insignificant little head . hardly seem worth the effort . why do not you let she go ? I ‘’1l give you a entertaining execution . i’1l beg . I '1l grovel . weep , etcetera . but mallymkun 's not about to be save . the dormouse down with bloody Big head ! she throw she hatpin sword at the knave . it stick into he shoulder . he gasp and pull it out , then force a smile . knave of heart have a pleasant night . ext . the white queen 's topiary garden - night 81 Alice see a tell - tale plume of smoke come from a topiary mushroom . alice absolem ? ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 63 . 81 continued : 81 the caterpillar who be you ? alice I think we have settle this . I be Alice ... but not that one . the caterpillar how do you know ? he blow smoke in she face . she cough and wave it away . alice you say so yourself . the caterpillar I say you be not hardly Alice . but you be much more she now . in fact , you be almost Alice . alice even so , I could not slay the jabberwocky if my life depend on it . the caterpillar it will . so I suggest you keep the vorpal sword on hand when the frabjous Day arrive . she abruptly poke he with she finger . the caterpillar no touch ! there 's no touch ! alice you seem so real . sometimes , I forget that this be all a dream . he blow smoke at she again . alice stop do that ! he chuckle and he whole body jiggle like green jelly . he keep chuckle as he obliterate himself from view . 82 int . the red queen 's dungeon - night 82 the hatter clean he hat and try to get he '' sad '' clothes to perk up . the cheshire cat appear outside the bar . ( continued ) 82 83 84 10/28/08 Blue revise page 64 . continued : 82 cheshire cat I have always admire that hat . mad hatter hello , chess . cheshire cat since you will not be need it any more , would you consider bequeath it to I ? mad hatter it 's a formal execution . I want to look my best . cheshire cat it 's a pity about all this . I be look forward to see you futterwacken . mad hatter I be rather good at it . the cat re-materialize in the cell with the hatter . cheshire cat ( cont ’d ) I really do love that hat . I would wear it to all the finest occasion . ext . the red queen 's courtyard - dawn 83 the hatter and the dormouse walk toward the executioner with they head down . the tweedles and the White rabbit blend in with the crowd . the Queen and stayne watch from a balcony . the behead platform 84 the hatter and dormouse stand on the platform . the hatter step forward , push dormouse behind he . the executioner attempt to take off he hat . he mumble . the hatter I want to keep it on . executioner suit yourself . as long as I can get at you neck . the hatter place he neck on the behead stone . the dormouse I will be right behind you . ( continued ) 84 10/28/08 Blue revise page 65 . continued : 84 the White rabbit cover he eye . white rabbit I can not watch . the executioner raise he sword . all be quiet . the sword come down . but the accuse 's body disappear . the Queen and stayne gasp . the sword hit the stone , jarring the executioner . the tweedles stare in disbelief . tweedledee it 's go . the rabbit still have not look . white rabbit he be such a fine fellow . tweedledum look ! the rabbit look up to see the float head with no body attach . executioner I can not behead nobody if there 's no body ! the cheshire cat 's disembody head wear the hat float upright and hover in the air . he grin . the dormouse chess , you dog ! he wink at she . they hear the hatter 's tell -tale laugh . he 's stand on a balustrade . mad hatter majesty , you courtier be play you for a fool ! he tug on Lady Long ear 's ear . it come off in he hand . Long ear scream . the hatter hold the long dangle ear up . red queen what be that ? lady long ear I be not the only one , majesty . look ! ( continued ) 84 85 86 10/28/08 Blue revise page 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 she grab Big nose woman 's nose and pull . it come off revealing she real nose beneath . big belly man a counterfeit nose ! you should be ashamed ! big nose woman I ? what about that big belly you be so proud of ? she pull up he shirt to reveal he fake belly . red queen liar ! cheat ! falsifier ! off with they head ! mad hatter to the abuse and enslave of the Red Queen 's court , stand up and fight ! downal wyth bluddy behg hid ! a frog hold a tray of tart toss they into the air . other animal throw off they bond and take up the slogan . various animal downal wyth bluddy behg hid ! red queen loose the jubjub bird ! there 's a bloodcurdle screech as the jubjub Bird swoops down . he strafe the panicked onlooker indiscriminately . the Queen watch with a vengeful smile . red queen you be right , stayne . it be far better to be fear than love . prepare the jabberwocky for battle . we be go to visit my little sister . on the hatter ET al . 85 the hatter , the dormouse , the White rabbit , the March Hare , and tweedles gather to escape . int . the white queen 's castle - parapet - evening 86 the White Queen , Alice and bayard stand on the castle wall . white queen I have hope to have a champion by now . ( continued ) 86 87 88 89 90 10/28/08 Blue revise page 67 . continued : 86 alice why do not you slay the jabberwocky yourself ? you must have the power . white queen in the heal art . it be against my vow to bring harm to any live thing . she glance down to see a ugly bug near she shoe . she shudder and secretly squash it . then , she lift the spy glass and see something in the distance . white queen we have company . she give the spyglass to Alice . her Pov - on the bluff 87 the hatter , the dormouse , the White rabbit , and tweedles appear over the rise . the white queen 's parapet 88 Alice hand the spyglass to bayard . alice bayard . have a look . he look through . on the group - he Pov 89 his wife and pup run with the other . he 's overwhelm . the bloodhound bielle . ext . white queen 's castle - courtyard - later 90 the group enter the castle . bayard , bielle and they pup leap , whine and nuzzle each other joyfully . Alice run to greet the hatter . his clothes be '' bright '' and happy . alice I be so happy to see you ! I think they be go to ... mad hatter ( manic /enthusiastic ) so do I . but they do not . ( more ) ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 68. 90 continued : 90 mad hatter ( cont would ) here I be ... still in one piece ... and I be rather glad about that now that I be see you again ... I would have regret not see you again ... especially now that you be the proper size ... it 's a good size ... just right , in fact ... a right proper Alice size ... alice hatter . he jerk and come back to himself . mad hatter I be fine . alice where 's you hat ? the hat materialize in the air wear by the cheshire cat . alice ( cont ’d ) chessur ? cheshire cat how 's the arm , love ? alice all heal . the hatter hold out he hand for the hat . chess return it reluctantly . cheshire cat good-bye , sweet hat . 91 ext . the parapete - that night 91 the hatter sit with Alice on top of a high tower . mad hatter why be a raven like a write desk ? alice a riddle ! this will be fun . let I think about it . mad hatter you do know what tomorrow be . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 69 . 91 continued : 91 alice the frabjous day . how could I forget ? oh , I wish I have wake up ! mad hatter you still think this be a dream ? alice well , it can not possibly be real . this have all come from my own mind . mad hatter which would mean that I be not real . alice no , I be sorry to say . you be just a figment of my imagination . I would dream up someone who 's half - mad . mad hatter but you have have to be half - mad to dream I up . alice I must be then . they lean against each other , secure in the comfort of they own mutual madness . alice I give up . why be a raven like a write desk ? mad hatter I have not the slight idea . alice ( amused ) I ' 1l miss you when I wake up . 92 int . the white queen 's courtyard - dawn - the frabjous day 92 the White rabbit blow he trumpet . white rabbit who will step forth to be champion for the White Queen ? the hatter step forward valiantly . mad hatter that would be I ! ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 70 . 92 continued : 92 cheshire cat you have very poor evaporate skill . I should be the one . tweedledum no , I ! Dee push dum behind he . tweedledee no , I ! the White rabbit hold up the oraculum and the illustration of Alice slay the jabberwocky . everyone fall quiet . tweedledum no other slayer , nohow . tweedledee if it be not Alice , he be not dead . all eye turn to Alice . the feel be not unlike the pressure of that moment under the gazebo . white queen Alice , you can not live you life to please other . the choice must be yours because when you step out to face that creature , you will step out alone . overwhelm , she run . 93 ext . the topiary garden - later 93 Alice fall onto a garden bench and weep . the caterpillar nothing be ever accomplish with tear . alice absolem ? the caterpillar on the leaf . he 's hang upside down on a leaf , spin a chrysalis . alice why be you upside down ? ( continued ) 93 94 10/28/08 Blue revise page 71 . continued : 93 the caterpillar I have come to the end of this life . alice you be go to die ? the caterpillar transform . the chrysalis begin to cover he body . alice do not go . I need you help . I do not know what to do ! the caterpillar I can not help you if you do not even know who you be , stupid girl . alice I be not stupid ! my name be Alice . I live in London . I have a mother name helen and a sister name Margaret . my father be Charles kingsley . he have a vision that stretch half - way around the world and nothing ever stop he . he would have like it here . ( with revelation ) I be he daughter . I be Alice kingsley . the caterpillar Alice at last ! you be just as dim - witted the first time you be here . you call it wonderland as I recall ... the name stir a distant memory . alice wonderland . int . / ext . alice 's dream 94 her dream come flooding back . she 's Young Alice in wonderland ; Young Alice in the room of Doors ; Young Alice with the cheshire cat ; Young Alice at the mad tea party ; Young Alice with the Red Queen and play card painting the rose red , Young Alice with the caterpillar . 95 96 97 98 10/28/08 Blue revise page 72. ext . the topiary garden - continuous 95 alice ( cont ’d ) it be not a dream at all . it be a memory ! this place be real ! and so be you . and so be the hatter . her heart leap at that last think . the caterpillar and the jabberwocky . remember , the vorpal sword know what it want . all you have to do be hold on to it . fairfar , Alice . perhaps , I will see you in another life . he disappear inside the green chrysalis . ext . crim - day 96 the Red Queen ride a black steed , ilosovic stayne at she side . behind they , the Red Queen 's Army march steadily across the red desert . the jubjub fly ahead . a monstrous winge shadow soar above . ext . the white queen 's castle - cont . 97 everyone have gather just outside the castle wall . they wait nervously for Alice to make she decision . the bandersnatch lope out , a White knight astride he , she blonde hair hang down the back of the shine armour . she hold the vorpal sword high . a rouse cheer rise up . but the cheer fade as they feel a shadow pass overhead . MARCH hare it 's come ! look up ! but Alice be undaunted . alice to the tulgey Wood ! ext . the tulgey wood - a clearing - day 98 the White Queen and she ally meet the Red Queen and she army at the same clear in the wood . white queen hello , iracebeth . ( continued ) 98 10/28/08 Blue revise page 73 . continued : 98 red queen mirana . the White rabbit blow he trumpet . white rabbit on this the frabjous Day , the queen , Red and White shall send forth they champion to do battle on they behalf . white queen oh ' racie ... the Red Queen 's eye soften to hear she childhood nick - name . white queen we do not have to fight . the Red Queen 's eye narrow suspiciously . red queen I know what you be do . you think you can blink that pretty little eye and I x11 melt like mum and daddy do . white queen just give I my Crown . red queen it 's my crown ! I be the eldest ! jabberwocky ! behind she , a dark form rise . the March Hare twitches uncontrollably . MARCH hare look up ! it 's here ! look up ! jabberwocky 's vast wingspan darken the clear . it swing its reptilian head , whip its pronge tail , extend one deadly claw and adjust it 's vest . Alice can barely contain she fear . alice but this be impossible . mad hatter only if you believe it be . his word spark a memory of she father . ( continued ) 98 99 10/28/08 Blue revise page 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 98 alice '' sometimes I believe as many as six impossible thing before breakfast '' . mad hatter a excellent practice , but just at the moment , you should focus on the jabberwocky . the right answer . she smile . red queen where 's you champion , little sister ? Alice step boldly into the clear . alice here . on alice and the jabberwocky 99 she look up at the huge terrifying creature . the jabberwocky roar . Alice whisper to herself , she voice tremble . alice six impossible thing . Count they , Alice . one ! there 's a potion that can make you shrink . two ! and a cake that can make you grow . she draw the vorpal sword . the jabberwocky lower its huge head and hiss . jabberwocky so my old foe , we meet on the battlefield once again . Alice be shocked . she have not think that it could talk . alice we have never meet . jabberwocky not you , insignificant bearer . my ancient enemy , the vorpal one . he strike out suddenly with he spike tongue . Alice lift the sword to defend herself and the sword slice off the jabberwocky 's tongue . it fall to the ground wriggle in the dirt . the jabberwocky can only make a burbling sound . ( continued ) 99 10/28/08 Blue revise page 75 . continued : 99 alice that 's enough chatter . the jabberwocky whip its pronge tail and knock she to the ground . she lay for a moment , catch she breath and continue she six impossible thing . alice ( cont ’d ) Three . animal can talk . the jabberwocky drive its spike tail down to stab she . she barely roll out of its way in time . alice ( cont ’d ) ( falter ) four. four , Alice ! she pull herself to she foot . alice ( cont ’d ) cat can disappear . mad hatter watch you head ! she duck in time to avoid the creature 's snap jaw . alice five . there be a place call wonderland . it swipe at she with long curve claw . she deflect they . alice ( cont 'd ) six . she stand still for a moment , then slowly lift she head . all fear be go . there be nothing but fierce intention and bloodlust in she eye . alice ( cont ’d ) and I can slay the jabberwocky ! she swing the sword and attack with fury . the jabberwocky be surprised by she fierceness . they do battle . mad hatter behind you ! she turn , distract . claw scrape down the back of she armor . Alice back up toward the hatter , fend off the jabberwocky . ( continued ) 99 100 101 10/28/08 Blue revise page 76 . continued : ( 2 ) 99 alice ( cont ’d ) I can manage . thank you . the Red Queen see they talk . red queen the hatter 's interfere ! off with he head ! ext . the tugley wood - a clearing - day - continuous 100 stayne run toward he , sword draw . the hatter fight back and the well - order duel erupt into a full - scale battle with Alice and the jabberwocky in the eye of the storm . during the battle ... .-- bayard and mallymkun take on the jubjub bird ... ...- chess disappear and reappear to confuse the Red Knights ... ... the bandersnatch do battle with four Red Knights ... ... the tweedles fight back - to-back with perfect precision and timing and not a single argument ... ..- March Hare stare upward , paralyze with fear until he get slam by a Red knight . then he go crazy , throw thing like a wild man . on alice and the jabberwocky 101 Alice leap onto the jabberwocky , pull herself up he scale . he twist and snap try to shake she off . the vorpal sword practically pull itself out of she hand in its relentless pursuit of the creature 's head . Alice make she way to the jabberwocky 's vest where she cling try to slash its neck with the sword . the vest button strain with Alice 's weight . they snap ...one ...two ... three ... only one leave hold the vest on by a thread . Alice can barely hold onto the slashing sword . just as the last button give way , she propel herself into the air . alice off with you head ! with one powerful thrust , she cut off the jabberwocky 's head . both Alice and the head fall at once , the jabberwocky 's jaw still snap at she in its death throes . ( continued ) 101 102 10/28/08 Blue revise page 77 . continued : 101 Alice hit the ground hard . the jabberwocky 's head roll a few foot away . she lay on the ground , breathe heavily . finally , she pick up the jabberwocky 's head , carry it to the Red Queen and drop it at she foot . the Queen point to Alice imperiously . red queen kill she ! ext . the tulgey wood - day - continuous 102 the nearest Red knight throw down he weapon . red knight we follow you no more ... bloody big head . red queen how dare you ! off with he head ! the other Red Knights toss they weapon down . the crown lift off the Red Queen 's head . she snatch for it as it float over to the White Queen where it gently lower to she head . the cheshire cat materialize next to she . white queen iracebeth of crim , you crime against underland be worthy of death . but that be against my vow . therefore , you be banish to the outland . no one be to show you any kindness or ever speak a word to you . you will have not a friend in the world . stayne bow unctuously to the White Queen . knave of heart majesty I hope you bear I no ill will . white queen except this one . tilosovic stayne you will join iracebeth in banishment from this day until the end of underland . the White Knights grab stayne and chain he to iracebeth . red queen at least , we have each other . ( continued ) 102 10/28/08 Blue revise page 78 . continued : 102 in a last panic , stayne pull a knife and try to stab she . she scream . the hatter knock the knife away . stayne drop to he knee before the White Queen . knave of heart kill I ... please . white queen but I do not owe you a kindness . Red and White Knights drag they away . red queen you try to kill I ! you tried to kill I ! the hatter burst into a enthusiastic dance . mad hatter oh frabjous Day ! callou ! callay ! alice what be he do ? cheshire cat futterwacken . the hatter pull Alice into the dance . it 's a wild , wacky joyous dance and when it 's do ... he kiss she , at last . chess put a comforting arm around a disappointed mallymkun . the White Queen lean down to the still bleed jabberwocky 's neck to catch a drop of its blood into a vial . white queen and blood of the jabberwocky . you have we everlast gratitude . and for you effort on we behalf ... the Queen hand the vial to she . alice will this take I home ? white queen if that be what you choose . Alice lift the vial . the hatter put he hand on hers . mad hatter you could stay . ( continued ) 102 103 104 105 10/28/08 Blue revise page 79 . continued : ( 2 ) 102 alice what a idea ... a crazy , mad wonderful idea . she look at the strange and wonderful being she 's meet in this strange and wonderful place . but then , thought of she mother and sister and unfinish business intrude . alice ( cont ’d ) but I cannot . there be question I have to answer . and thing I still must do . she drink the potion . alice ( cont ’d ) I will be back again before you know it . mad hatter you will not remember I . alice of course I will ! how could I forget ? his face start to shimmer as he whisper in she ear . mad hatter fairfar , Alice . underland shimmer and then dissolves into ... int . the rabbit hole - day 103 grass . Alice find herself face down in the field , cling to the edge of the rabbit hole , leg dangle precariously . ext . the meadow - day 104 Alice pull herself up and look around , blink in the bright sun . she shake she head . all memory of underland go once again . she look down at she clothes , confuse by they rag , tear , filthy condition . she look at the rabbit hole . alice -.- must have fall in . ext . the ascot estate - the garden party 105 the party be still go on although a bit subdued . hamish speak to the confuse guest . ( continued ) 10/28/08 Blue revise page 80. 105 continued : 105 hamish she leave I stand there without a answer . fiona a case of nerve , no doubt . people fall silent as Alice wander back onto the lawn , look like she 's be through a war . hamish Alice ? lord ascot good Lord . be you all right ? her mother go to she . helen kingsley what happen to you ? alice I fall down a hole and hit my head . lady ascot you look a frightful mess . Alice turn to hamish . her adventure , although unremember , have give Alice unwaver confidence and self - awareness . alice I be sorry hamish , I can not marry you . you be not the right man for I . and there 's that trouble with you digestion . ( to she sister ) I love you , Margaret . but this be my life . I x11 decide what to do with it . ( to lowell ) you be lucky to have my sister for you wife , lowell . I know you will be good to she . I '’11 be watch , very closely . he blanch at the veile threat . she turn to imogene . alice ( cont ’d ) there be no prince , aunt imogene . you need to talk to someone about this delusion . she address Lady ascot . ( continued ) 105 106 10/28/08 Blue revise page 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 105 alice ( cont ’d ) I happen to love rabbit , especially white one . she turn to she mother and kiss she on the cheek . alice ( cont ’d ) do not worry , mother . I '’11 find something useful to do with my life . ( to the chattaway ) you two remind I of some funny boy I meet in a dream . she look around . anyone else ? Lord ascot lift a finger . lord ascot you have leave I out . alice no I have not , sir . you and I have business to discuss . lady ascot the impertinence ! lord ascot I would like to hear what she have to say . shall we speak in the study ? he start to lead she off , but she turn back . alice oh , and one more thing . she lift she skirt , revealing she bare leg and do a brisk futterwacken to the shock of some and delight of other . int . ascot mansion - the study - later 106 Alice study a map of the world on the table . alice my father tell I he plan to expand he trade route to Sumatra and borneo . but I do not think he be look far enough . lord ascot not far enough ? ( continued ) 106 107 10/28/08 Blue revise page 82 . continued : 106 alice why not go all the way to China ? it 's vast , the culture be rich and we have a foothold in Hong Kong . to be the first to trade with China . can you imagine it ? she look at he . her eye shine just like she father 's do . lord ascot if you be anyone else , I would say you have lose you sense . but I have see that look before . since you be not go to be my daughter - in - law , perhaps you would consider a apprenticeship with the company ? on she surprise and delight we : ext . a sailing ship - six month later 107 a crowd have gather to see the China Trading company 's ship off . Alice stand on the deck , wave to she mother , sister and Lord ascot . as the ship pull away , a beautiful monarch butterfly with blue tinged wing land on she shoulder . she smile . alice hello , absolem . the butterfly take wing , as Alice watch it soar skyward ... fade out :