alien resurrection ext . deep space silent black . we sweep slowly across a endless tapestry of star . finally she come into view : the u.s.s. auriga . a massive research vessel that sit majestically just beyond Pluto 's orbit . we track along the side of the ship , and int . auriga along the silent , empty corridor , come at last to a door with two guard stand rigid in front of it . full armour , powerful shockrifle , expression empty and cold . int . medlab along a row of screen , where we see the first sign of life readout , light , data -- all shifting and collate on the blink screen . as we move along they , a figure - in a labcoat pass through the frame , then another , lead we along the lab to settle on what look like a cryogenic tube , not big enough for a human . still tracking around it , we glimpse inside some vague , fetal mass encase in a clear , aspic-like gel . tube and cable a attach to the mass , run out of the machine . as we still circle , the shape begin to be more coherent , till we can see what might even be a face . eye , shut tight . sleep . dream . angle : wheat . a bird eye view of a field , the soft golden wave fill the screen . sharp contrast to what we have see before . there be a woman wander through the field . beside she a girl , seven or eight , in dingey sundress . both have black , tousle hair . girl voice my mom always say there be no monster -- no , real one -- but there be . the girl stop , look around she . the wheat come all the up to she chest , and nothing else be visible as far as she see . she look back at the woman but the woman be already more than fifty yard away . the girl 's expression become perplex . she slap a bug on the back of she neck . pull it off and be huge , wriggle fleshily in she hand . her expression become even more distraught , but she cannot muster forth a shout . the sound of insect - fill the air . another bug land on she , another . she look down in grow horror and see : blood . at she foot , rise , fill the field , rise above the wheat , a sea of blood now , dark , thick . the girl try again to scream , raise she arm . she be completely cover in insect , a skitter black shroud of they , and when she finally do scream they flood into she mouth . CUT to : int . lab Instruments show a jolt in heart rate , blood pressure . scientist note it down , look over at the thing in aspic . we can tell that time have pass because it be much bigger , nearly the size of a man , and in a new case . the camera move in on the cardiograph , then move down , to show a second one . track a smaller , much faster heartbeat . CUT to : int . halllway tiny . dark , and we be move through it at impossible speed turn into another without slow , up into a air vent , still move , move until we reach a chamber , some place where all we can see be a mass of dark , move , inhuman fle it welcome we in , envelop we ... angle : ripley lying somewhere , maybe the dark - chamber -- in the dream it keep shifting . she open she eye , but they be dark , whiteless . she reach for she chest and begin scratch . hard . tearing at it , as blood well up , spilling over she side . CUT to : int . operating chamber and the cause of this dream become apparant : angle : ripley's chest be cut open with a lasersaw . we see she body still have a layer of the aspic-slime cling to it . and she skin be unnaturally blue . but as we pan from she chest to she face she identity be unmistakable . around she be several man in operate mask . cut she gediman , a young and enthusiastic scientist . one man , seemingly in charge , stand a bit off , watch . this , by tag on he coat , be dr wren . wren careful ... ready with the amnio ... gediman finish cut . another man step in with a clamp . set it . pull apart the chest . gediman there she be ... he say it like he 's find a lose kitten . he reach in a pull out a sleep , fetal but nearly ready to burst alien . other work at sever umbilical thread that tie it to ripley 's chest . gediman here we go . he hold it up and other step in with the amnio , a sort of incubator fill with amniotic fluid . the alien scream , its tiny mouth full with tooth , and wriggle out of he grasp . wren watch it ! everybody panic -- but before the thing can get completely away from he , gediman grab it and stick it in the amnio . someone shut the top rapidly . everybody look at each other for a moment . gediman well ... wren the host ? a surgeon look at ripley 's reading . surgeon do fine . gediman look at wren , hopefully . wren nod . wren sew she back up . gediman and the surgeon get to work , as the other carefully remove the alien . gediman well , that go as well as could be expect -- ripley 's hand lash out , grab the surgeon 's forearm . he yell in pain as she finger dig into he , the other scramble knock thing over and we hear he bone cracking . smash CUT to : int . ripley's cell sudden stillness . ripley crouch in the middle of a small , dark chamber . she 's wide eye , stare straight ahead in a state of near catatonia . Hair tangle and wild . but at least she 's not so blue as before . the only light on she come from directly above , from a thick pane of glass in the center of the ceiling . angle : above the cell a guard stand on the floor above , look into the cell through the square of glass in the floor , directly above ripley . ( we see other pane of glass lining the floor , indicate more cell below . ) angle : ripley she be still for a long while . then she lift she hand , look at they . touches she face , she skin . she finger she tunic , pull down the neck . there be a scar run along she chest . she finger it thoughtfully . - she look at she forearm . tattooe near the crook of she elbow be the number 8 . she look up , she face unreadable . CUT to ': int . lab ripley be sit on a table as gediman draw blood from she . he deposit it in a test beaker , study she eye . wren enter , look at a chart . wren how 's we number eight today ? gediman : appear to be in good health ... wren ( notice he tone ) how good ? gediman extraordinary . as in , completely off we project chart . ( show he some photo ) look at the scar tissue . see the recession ? wren this be from -- gediman yesterday ! wren this be good . this be very good . gediman I would like to run some test : strength , coordination ... we be not look at a normal cloning arc . wren : approve . wren go up to ripley , study she face with satisfaction . wren well , it look like you be go to make we all very proud . she grab he throat with dazzle speed , apply deadly pressure as she bring he face to hers . her eye be burn but lose . ripley why ? gediman oh my God ... he be as wide eye as wren , and he be not have he windpipe crush . after a moment the shock wear off and he slam he hand into the alarm . klaxon , red light fire up . a guard rush in , level he weapon at ripley . after a moment of stare he down , she open she hand . wren fall to he knee gasp . the guard fire he rifle at she -- a powerful electrical charge lash out and send she fly back into the corner . wren no ! no ! I be all right ! the guard keep they weapon -- ' burner ' , this shockrifle be call -- levele at ripley . she have recover from the shock quickly , sit crumpled in the corner , look at nothing in particular . ripley ( wearily ) why ...? CUT to : int . observation room wren and gediman watch through a one way mirror as a scientist test ripley . with they be General PEREZ , the man in charge this boat . ramrod straight and about as gruff as you would expect , he stare at ripley suspiciously . angle : ripley the scientist be hold up card with picture on they : house , dog , boat . ripley give answer we can not hear through the glass , look piss off and bored . wren it 's unprecedented . gediman totally ! she 's operate at a completely adult capacity . PEREZ and she memory ? wren there be gap . and there 's some degree of cognitive dissonance . gediman she 's freak . wren shoot gediman a stern look at he unscientific parlance . wren " it " have some connective difficulty . a kind of low level emotional autism . certain reaction .... Perez look at ripley through the glass , then exit into the hall . to : int hall - continuous the two scientist follow , pace he as he stride down towards a second observation room . gediman : but the thing be , we can not terminate she . it . PEREZ you have not tell I what you think have cause this . clone gene do not contain memory cell , not even when they be bring to adult term . I be right ? gediman there 's be case .. PEREZ not like this . wren well , we do not have nearly enough data ... but in some case there be a collective memory pass down generationally . at a genetic level . like instinct , only more complex structurally . PEREZ in some case . you be talk about the alien . wren yes . PEREZ you promise I there be not go to be any crossing . wren it 's not like the other one .. Perez punch code , put he hand on the scanner and the second observation room door open .. he step in , the other two right behind he . CUT to : int . observation room two darker than the first one , and with two of the heavily armoure guard by the door . apart from -that , identical . Perez turn to the other . PEREZ but there be some genetic mix . wren yes . PEREZ will there be further mutation ? gediman mutation be not exactly ... I do not think so . wren that 's one of the thing we need to study . PEREZ all right . you can keep it . but secure , under obsorvation , and for God 's sake keep it away from here . I do not want any more surprise . and as he speak the alien rise right behind he -- it 's big , the ridge on its head indicate a young queen -- it hiss and lunge at the back of he head . the reinforce plastic window between they , which we could not see , stop it . as it hit , a thin laser grid buzze to life , spark crackle on the alien 's face . its bile trail darkly on the glass as it back off . Perez turn to look at it with the other . PEREZ it take a hell of a lot to get we here . gediman no shit . wren shoot he another look . PEREZ how soon before this one 's ovulate ? wren day . PEREZ be that normal ? wren no way of know for sure , but I would say it 's accelerate . ( after a moment ) we be go to need the supplies . PEREZ they be come . soon. CUT to : int . mess hall ripley sit across from gediman . he be eat at a good pace - ripley , however , have stop . she be stare at she fork , she brow furrow . turn it over in she hand , in she mind . gediman " fork . " the memory come , and she shake she head wearily . ripley ( softly ) fuck .... gediman ( pretend to correct she ) " fork . " ever so slightly , she smile . the smile fade , and after a moment : ripley how do you ... gediman how do we get you ? blood sample from fiori 16 . on ice . do you remember that place ? ripley do it grow ? gediman do it ..... yeah . rapidly . ripley it 's a queen . gediman how do you know that ? ripley it will breed . you will die . everyone in the ... fuck .... ( search for the word , then spit it out ) ... company . will die . gediman company ? wren ( o.s. ) weyland yutani . he have enter behind she , come up to the table . wren we ripley 's former employer . terran growth conglom , have some defense contract under the military . before you time , gediman -- they go under decade ago , buy out by Walmart . fortune of war . ( to ripley ) you will find thing have change a good deal since you time . ripley 1 doubt that . wren we be not fly blind here , you know . this be United system military , not some greedy corporation . the potential benefit of this race go way beyond urban pacification . New alloy , new vaccine ... there 's nothing like this in any world we have see . you should be very proud . she laugh , bitterly . ripley oh , I be . wren and the animal itself be wonderous . they will be invaluable once we have harness they . ripley it 's a cancer . you can not teach it trick . this stop wren , and he retreat silently . ripley repeat word to herself , think . ripley " they " ... CUT to : int . hall continuous as wren be leave the mess , he be accost by a ensign . ensign Doctor , General Perez be ask for you . we have be hail . CUT to : ext . deep space we see the auriga far in the distance suddenly a ship roar into frame , head for it . a small vessel , it be every bit dirty and jerry -rigged as the auriga be pristine . to accentuate the difference , the sudden roar of its engine be accompany by heavy , thrashing rock music . CUT to : int . cockpit continuous the music be come from nearby . pilote the ship toward the auriga be hillard , a roughskinn woman in she forty , along with rane , a slight and quiet fellow . behind they stand elgyn , the leader of the group . have the kind of authority that do not need to flaunt itself . maybe fifty , by the silver in he hair . he speak into the vidcom elgyn ( good naturedly ) my authorization code be ' fuck you ' , son . now open the goddamn bay or General Perez be gonna do a wichita stomp on you virgin ass . he switch off . rane wichita stomp ? elgyn I guarantee that boy' . never see the inside of a woman . ( to hillard ) bring we in on three - oh descent , ride the parallel . hillard darlin ' , it 's do . elgyn do not cut thrust till six hundred meter . give they a little fright . he put he hand on she shoulder , run it up along she cheek as he exit . they be more than friend . he move through a hallway , stick he head in a cubicle . elgyn Christie ! St just ! rise and shine . we be docking . he proceed into : int . cargo BAY - continuous it 's the large space in this boat , two storey high . take up most of the space be two harvester , big rusty hover thresher roughly the size of winnebagos . as elgyn enter , we crane up to reveal annalee -call work atop one of they . she 's young , tough -- at home with this motley bunch despite she youth and prettiness . elgyn call ! call ! the music be louder here -- it 's blast from a box in the corner . elgyn switch it off . elgyn call ! call what ? elgyn we be docking ! be the cargo truck secure ? call I check them a hour ago . elgyn I do not want they so much as rattle . any leakage , I take it out of you hide . call trust I , boss . elgyn ( laugh ) not my style . he lean down , look under the thresher . lying on a gurneylike steel dolly , work under the machine , be vriess , chie mechanic . late forty , in pretty good shape consider he 's get no leg . elgyn how 's it look ? vriess it 's never gonna be pretty . but she will fly . the other one 's a total fuck write - off . elgyn you will make it good . vriess do not be so sure . ( call out ) call ! adjust the generator plug ! elgyn ( straighten up ) they just gotta run , vriess . they do not gotta run far . he exit . CUT to : int . hall contintjous christie be up and mostly dress . he be black , very large , and have distinctly military bear . he speak with quiet , do not - fuck - with - I authority . christie what 's we status ? elgyn we be come in . time to enjoy a little of the general 's hospitality . ST just oh great . Army food .. ST just ( " san-jhoost " ) be slim , asian -- and the epitome of cool . move quickly and silently , a sly grin play about lip . he be strapping a contraption to he forearm . it resemble a deringer holder , but a very complex one . elgyn : we could use a rest , till the heat 's off and vriess can get that harvester on they foot . this will keep we for a couple of day , assume the native be friendly . christie we expect any trouble ? elgyn from Perez ? I doubt it . still , let 's be ever vigilant . CUT to : int . cargo BAY contniuous angle : vriess work intently , the extremely nasty blade of the thresher inch above he head . vriess I be patch in . check the sequence timer . ( no answer ) call ? angle : the control a hand reach in toward the on switch . angle : vriess vriess call ? the thresher grind to life -- a hundred blade and claw spin at vriess 's head ! vriess wheel out from under the machine in a second flat . vriess goddamnit ! the second he 's out he hit a lever and the back of the dolly fly up , transform it - into a wheelchair . vriess johner ! you son of a whore ! johner jump down from the machine , laugh . he 's thickset , mean and ugly , with ugly scar crisscross he ugly bald head . think I would give you a little haircut there . vriess you fuck ! call , who have be over on the other side of the thresher , ably climb up on it and switch it off . johner you should see you face . vriess , you must have soile yourself . vriess one of this day I be gonna kill you . my hand to God . johner well , you already give he you foot ... call ( jump down ) you be a limp fuck scrotum , you know that ? johner either of you want a piece of I , I be less than busy . vriess any time . call vriess . forget it . he 's be suck down too much homebrew . johner do not push I , little annalee . you hang with we a while , you will learn I be not the man with whom to fuck . he exit , full of annoying bravado . vriess that inbred cocksucker . he feel he forehead , come up with a bit of blood . realize how close it be ... call look up at the thresher . call 1 hate machine . vriess well , now we know it work ... CUT to : ext . auriga docking BAY as it open to admit the proportionally tiny ship . the bay on the bottom of the auriga - the door be actually over the ship , which rise into the airlock . int . AIR lock the outer door close under the ship . pressurized air shoot into the airlock for a few second , and then the inner door open . the ship rise into the bay . int . BAY the ship move slowly along the huge dock to land gently at far end . the top of the ship be nearly level with a grate platform that run the length of the bay . Three soldier in full armour stand rigid on the platform . the hatch atop the ship slowly open . one by one the crew file out . see they en masse , we get a clearer view of what separate they from this environment . they be not wear uniform . they be a eclectic , fiercely indivualist group , they look varied -- spot of bright color show through militarian space gear . johner 's bright tuorquise bowl shirt . elgy 's and St just 's floorlength leather duster . even vriess 's chair stand out as he wheel down the platform . what they have in common be the toughness , the wary eye , leathery skin . the cool readiness to kill . this guy be smuggler . a long while ago , you would have call they pirate all eight of they emerge , one by one , look around they . they file past the silent , uniform soldier . the last one suddenly put a hand on johner 's jacket , stop he . there be a bulge under it . a green sensor light on the back of the soldier 's glove turn red when he touch the bulge . soldier no projectile weaponry be allow on board the vessel , sir . johner open he jacket , show what he 's pack : a large thermos . johner moonshine . my own . much more dangerous . soldier sorry , sir . elgyn ( to Perez ) what , do you think we be go to hijack the vessel ? all eight of we ? no , I think one of you asshole crew be go to get drunk and put a bullet through the hull . we be in space , elgyn . he enter from the antechamber , motion for the crew to follow he . vriess come abreast of the soldier . vriess wanna check the chair ? the soldier make no response , simply fall in behind call , the last of they . CUT to : int . antechamber the long neck that connect the bay to the body of the ship . the group proceed down it , the crew look about they at the sterile grandeur . ST just this place be really clean . johner ( to a guard ) hey . you get any whore on this vessel ? ( the guard remain stoneface ) any loose woman with bad eyesight ? PEREZ I think you will find we accommodation somewhat spartan . although the cook set a good-table . johner : that be not what I be hungry for . vriess ( to call ) what 's the matter ? she be look around she , somewhat tensely . call I do not like army . hillard yeah , join the fuck club . CUT to : angle : money a stack of bill drop down on a desk , then another . they be green , and identifiably money . but they be square , about the size of cocktail napkin . the face on they be unfamiliar . thousand dollar bill . wider angle : int . perezis chamber later a good size suite , decorate in a sparse , military fashion . Perez be behind he desk , the money sit between he and elgyn . PEREZ this be not easy to come by . elgyn neither be we cargo . you be not plead poverty , be you ? PEREZ we be well fund . I mean the bill . there 's not many that still deal in coin . elgyn just the one that do not like they every transaction record . the fringe element . I guess that would include you , though , would not it ? PEREZ drink ? elgyn constantly . I be guess whatever you have get go here be not exactly approve by congress . Perez pour two whiskey . PEREZ ( change the subject ) so where do you go from here ? elgyn out by the handle . we have get a couple of harvester , we can unload them on one of the collective if vriess and call get them work . PEREZ call . where would you find she ? elgyn she be severely fuckable , be not she ? - and the very devil with a socket wrench . I think vriess somewhat pine . he take a stack of bill , smell it . he like the smell . - elgyn she be curious about this little transaction . you can hardly blame she , awfully cloak and dagger ... Perez hand a drink to elgyn . PEREZ this be a army operation . elgyn most army research lab do not have to operate outside regulate space . and they do not call for the kind of cargo we bring . PEREZ do you want something , elgyn ? elgyn just bed and board , couple of day worth . if we be not impose . PEREZ not at all . keep out of the restrict area , do not start any fight , and mis casa be yours too . elgyn drink to that . PEREZ I trust , of course , that you can mind you own business . elgyn ( smile ) I be famous for it . they drink . CUT to : int . hallway - restricted area the ' cargo ' be roll down the corridor , armed guard flank it . it be wheeled into : int . a chamber where wren and a few other be wait . gediman look a little nervous , not sure this be a good idea . the cargo be lock into place on the floor and and a guard work the electric lock . it spring open and the guard slide off a side panel . they be stack one on the other , five of they in all , cryotube . people sleep inside . one by one the tube be haul to one side of the room as the second unit be wheeled in . by the end there be ten people sleep side by side in they tube in the dark chamber . the scientist meanwhile retire to int . a adjoining chamber with a long glass window look at the chamber . the last of the guard leave the chamber and we see the door lock behind they . wren start push button . the glass top of the cryotube slide open . we see temperature and lifesign gauge begin to change .. there be a thick whirring as a part of the ceiling above the tube lower , lower , and rotate slowly . stuck to the other side of it be ten alien egg . the ceiling rotate just enough so that they be aim at the head of the sleeper . for a moment nothing happen . one of the sleeper eye flutter slightly . open . all ten egg open simultaneously . CUT to : int . conference hall a huge room , use for assembly and event . it have a chain basketball net set up at one end , crude court line tape to the floor . ripley stand beneath the net with a ball , dribble absently . at the other end be set up table and fold chair . the crew of the Betty , san elgyn , be filing in to eat here . johner spy ripley , smile . johner ooh . johner come up to ripley . her expression make it clear how much she enjoy have he in she face . johner how about a little one on one ? she keep dribble , say nothing . johner what do you say ? ripley get away from I . johner why should I ? ripley because pain hurt . he falter a moment at she quiet threat , then : johner be you gonna hurt I then ? 1 think I might enjoy that . he smile he ugly smile . she smile back . she hit , he solidly in the chest -- and he fly back ten foot , landing badly on a group of chair . his mate fly into action , Christie grab a stand ashtray . hillard jump ripley from behind . she throw she off with e -- chuck the basketball at she hard enough to pop the air out of it . Christie swing at she and smashes she right in the face . she arc back ... and right back up , at Christie 's throat before he have a chance to react , squeezing , bat away the ashtray just a trickle of blood come down she nose -- johner came at she again and she leap on he , throw he to the ground , snarling , she' gonna rip he throat out with her teeth . wren ripley . ripley look up and four guard be point burner at she . wren and gediman behind they . call , stand to one side with vriess , react visibly to the name . everybody be slowly back off . St just stand with he hand behind he back , as if conceal something . call watch in rapt silence . wren do not let 's have a scene . ripley let go of johner , stand . ripley he ... smell wren I imagine he do . johner ( barely breathe ) what the fuck be you ? she look down on he - in both sense of the phrase . - look around at everyone stare at she . she wipe the bit of blood from under she nose , flick it away . exit . wren ( to gediman , amused ) Social skill , less than a hundred ' percent . angle : ripley's blood the few drop she flicked away sizzle on the floor -- not eat through , but melting a small patch . to : int . lab - later a large metal box be be wheeled next to a observation pen . Soldiers surround it , weapon at the ready . not one of they at ease . wren and gediman watch intently . wren what 's the status on the Queen ? gediman we still have not detect the origin of the reproductive anomaly . but the egg lay stage appear to be over . wren do we do something wrong ? gediman I do not know . I think we cover everything . but this redundddancy ... a soldier lift a panel in the pen and then door to the cage come open automatically . everyone wait . a fullgrown alien suddenly bolt into the pen . the soldier shut it as quickly as humanly possible . wren Father , check security status , observation pen six . Father , the voice of the ship , reply after a moment in a dulcet , comforting tone . father Pen six secure , security system functional at 100 % . wren good . now the other . CUT to : int . sleep chamber - night we see various angle of people at night : rane , in , a chamber on the auriga . hillard and elgyn , in a slightly more lush one . Perez , in he quarter . vriess , roll about the aurigal engine room , look it over . Christie , St just , call and johner , all play poker in the mess hall . CUT to : int . observation room - right a sleep cycle be indicate here by the low lighting and the near emptiness of the room . gediman alone be in here , write observation down in a notebook as he watch the pen . Inside be three alien . two of they seem to be hibernate , curl up in the corner , but the third face the glass , tilting its head and hiss at it . gediman sit right up close to it , he face just inch away from the beast 's . it draw back its lip , open its mouth . the metallic tongue issue slowly forth , drip with slime . gediman ( softly , fascinate ) be that a distend externus lingua ... or be you just happy to see I ? the creature hiss . retract the tongue . gediman scribbles few note . something move in the dark behind he . before he can notice , a hand close on he shoulder . it 's ripley . she step forward , eye lock on the cage . gediman seem only mildly surprised . gediman how do you get in here ? ripley beautiful , be not they ? gediman yes . yes they be . I have be monitoring they interaction . he point at a audiograph by the wall , blip and wave interrupt the vibrate line , indicate sound . he notice that she hand be still on she shoulder . gediman they communicate . through ultrasonic soundwwave . sort of like bat . ripley I know . she look at he . ripley I can hear they . gediman ( smile ) amazing ... she run she hand through the back of he hair , gently urging he up off he chair . gediman ripley ... ripley shhhhh . she pull he close , kiss he . lightly at first , then deeply - hold he head with both hand . he respond with surprising warmth , the kiss draw out , pull slowly apart . she look at he , smile . a alien tongue shoot out of she mouth , bury itself in he face . smash CUT to : int . ripley's chamber as she suddenly awake , eye wide , breathe hard . she have be sleep , we see , in the same position she be before : squatting in the middle of the room . she look about she , recover from the nightmare ... her breathe slow . with a somewhat fatalistic look , she settles back to sleep . CUT to : interior mess hall - night Christie , call , St just and johner be still at they all night poker game , stack of bill , peanut and liquor scattered the table . they be in a tense hand , the pot impressively high . johner I be in . christie all right . ST just raise you two hundred . johner oh , fuck you ! call that 's it . I be out . I be fuck . she throw down she card , take a swig of johner 's patent moonshine . it taste horrible . christie that take I down , too . johner ? johner uh , uh , fuck it . I fold . ( to St just ) what do - you get ? St just calmly shuffles he card back into the deck . ST just you will always wonder . johner you asshole . christie johner , you deal . call deal I out . it 's not my night . she try to stand up , take a spill over she chair . the other laugh . call Jesus , johner , what do you put in that shit , battery acid ? johner just for coloring . ST just ( produce a small vial ) I get something that will take the edge off that . call thanks , I will walk it off . she stumble out of the room . johner shuffles the deck . johner bitches should not play with the boy , they will get clean out . ( deal ) eight card throwback , fuck you sister and the seven be wild . CUT to : int . hall as soon as she be out of sight , call straighten up , completely sober . she look around she and take off toward the restrict area . she come to the door and make sure no one be around , star punch in code on the keypad . CUT to : int . cellblock - moment later as call pad silently down it , look for one cell . to : int . ripley's cell - continuous the cell door open silently . call hesitates a moment , then slip in , shutting the door behind she . ripley be sleep , still in the squatting position in the middle of the room . call approach . she stare down at ripley a moment . a shadow pass as a guard walk above they , call tense till he be go . look 's back down at ripley -- still sleep . call extend she hand , flexe she wrist . the meanest lookin stilletto you have ever see extend from out she sleeve . it , gotta be a foot long , and sharp enough to shave with . she lift back she arm , the better to punch it through ripley 's heart . ripley shift slightly . call stop . angle : ripley's chest her shirt be open enough to show a good portion of the scar . call hesitates , stare , realization flooding she face . ripley well ? call start , move back a pace . ripley you gonna kill I or what ? call there 's no point , be there ? a flick of she wrist and the stilletto whip back up she sleeve . ripley sit up . call it 's already out of you . Christ ... be it here ? be it on board ? ripley ( smile ) you mean my baby ? call I do not understand . if they have get it , why be they keep you alive ? ripley curious . I be the latest thing ... call that sick fuck . she raise she arm , the stilletto glide out again . call I can make it stop . the pain ... this nightmare .. that 's all I can offer you . ripley hold she palm up , press it against the point of the blade . ripley what make you think I would let you do that ? ripley push she hand out - the blade go right through her palm . she keep push she hand out slowly , a good five inch of the blade stick out the back of she hand before she stop . call stare at she . call what be you ? ripley ripley , ellen , Lieutenant first class , number 36706 . call ellen ripley die two hundred year ago . ripley pull she hand back suddenly , grimace at the pain . ripley what do you know about it ? call I have read morse -- I have read all the ban history . she give she life to protect we from the beast . you be not she . ripley if I be not she . what be I ? call you be a thing . a construct . they grow you in a fuck lab . ripley but only God can make a tree . call and now they have bring the beast out of you . ripley ( smile ) not all the way out . call what ? ripley it 's in my head . behind my eye . I can hear it move . the beast . the smile be go , some real vulnerability show through . call soften , try a different tack . call help I . if there 's anything human in you at all , help I stop they before this thing get loose . ripley it 's already loose . call 's expression change . that word terrify she , but she 's not sure if ripley mean what she think . ripley raise she hand at call 's head -- call flinch but ripley stop a few inch away . then touch she forehead gently , almost sensually . ripley once the think .... the hope for it ... grow here .... it have find its way . it will come , because ... man will bring it . bring it forth . call you want that . ripley I have come to term with the fact of it . it 's inevitable . call not so long as there 's breath - in I . ripley lash out and grab call throat . call swing wit the blade but ripley have she arm pin before she can connect . ripley squeeze the girl neck . ripley look at the girl with a world of sadness . ripley I can ... make it ... stop ... call 's eye be plead , terrify . ripley finally let go and she drop to the ground gasp for air . ripley go . they be come for you . as soon as she can move , call scramble up and head out . CUT to : int . hall - continuous call come out and before she can move a rifle but hit she the head . she go down but not out as two guard grab she . wren be with they and three more . wren I think you be gonna find that this be ill advise . ( to the man ) where be she friend ? guard mess hall , most of they . wren sound the alarm . I want they round up . now ! to : int . mess hall - moment later angle : the card table be kick over . elgyn , hillard and rane be push into the room , sleepy and confuse . Christie , St just , and johner be all be herde in by soldier . call be throw into the group as well . elgyn what the fuck be go on here ? christie look like a doublecross , boss . wren where 's the other one ? with the chair ? johner ( to a soldier ) get you fuck hand off I ! elgyn do you mind tell I what the fuck you be up to ? wren shut up ! ( to a guard ) get the general . wake he up . elgyn look , if there 's a problem tell I what it be . we can work this out , there be no need to get emotional ... St just be silent , stand in the same position he be when ripley attack johner . hand behind he back . angle : behind ST just' back as elgyn speak , two gun .. slip out of he sleeve and fill he hand . call they get nothing to do with this , wren . elgyn ( to call ) to do with what ? wren I do not give a fuck . it 's way too late for that . you be all look at a fire squad . you hear I ? elgyn I do . St just ? with lighting precision , St just raise he hand and blow of the guard away . he take out a third to he leave without even look that way . one guard get off a shot with he burner , fry rane before hillard 's elbow knock he tooth well into he throat . Christie tackle the next as johner press a latch on the bottom of he thermos -- the top half fly off , revealing handle of a gun inside . he grab it and another guard run . johner do not have time to pull the gun - out of the the so he shoot right through it , send the guard fly .. CUT to : int . alien observation lab - continuous alarm , flash red light . gediman look in a video monitor . gediman what the fuck ... you three ! go! sector two . all but one of the guard rush out to investigate . gediman work the surveilliance screen , try to see what 's happen CUT to : int . mess hall - continuous when the smoke clear , there be two guard still stand . they point they weapon inneffectually . St just a have gun to wren 's head and a gun on the guard , who be also cover by johner . elgyn Nice and easy , boy ... call start to take off . call I be gonna finish this . elgyn grab she by the hair , roughly pull she back . elgyn you be go nowhere , annalee . CUT to : int . observation lab - continuous angle : in the pen the three alien have pick up the energy . be stalking back and forth like tiger in the dim light of they pen . angle : there Pov we see gediman and the guard , they back to we . the aliens-stop pace . one of they , to the right , look at the one on the leave . something pass between they . they look back at the human . at each other . they set on the middle alien , tearing it apart . it let out pierce , insectile shriek as they tear it limb from limb . gediman spin in terror , the guard bring up he weapon . gediman hit the light inside the pen and as they blink to shocking brightness we see : the remain of the third alien on the ground as a giant pool its blood eat a hole in the floor . gediman oh , God he bolt for the failsafe but it 's too late as the blood eat all the way through - the two alien dive through the hole . just as gediman hit the button -- freezing gas fill the chamber but there 's nothing to freeze . gediman no no no ! he hit another sequence and the door slide open . he rush in , kneel by the hole and look down . angle : he Pov they blood have already eat through two level . gediman Christ . they could be anywhere . he look up at the guard -- and a alien fly up at he through the hole . it be hang on the ceiling below and it pull he through before he can breathe a decent scream . the guard just stare , shaking . CUT to : int . mess hall the mexican standoff be get even more heat . christie who give a shit ! we have to get out of here . elgyn if call 's get something go here I want to know what it be ! wren you bring she here .. two more guard rush in . johner shove ' he gun in wren 's mouth . johner Drop they ! I be not fuck with you ! christie ( indicate the dead soldier ) boss , we get body here . it do not matter what call 's up to , we be all fuck now . call I have to stop he . if I do not we will all die . wren ( pull he mouth away ) elgyn , tell I what you know . if she 's alone in this . hillard in what ? johner put he gun to call 's temple now . johner do anyone want I to make this simple ? Far away , a scream . everyone stop . wren turn slowly in the direction it come from . wren no ... CUT to : int . hallway by lab a technican run scream just as a alien leap on he from behind . the camera rush away , frenzied as the scene , to pick up a guard in the next hall fire wildly at the ceiling as a alien dissappear up a airvent . there be three body lie dead before we . angle : in the pens we see that the alien have be freed . smoke , dead body , the plexiglass partition to one 1 cage be crack and open . CUT to : int . ripley's cell - continuous ripley sit in the dark , the noise of Chaos just beginning filter in . and she just can not help herself . she be laughing . CUT to : int . perey' quarter continuous he be mostly dress , still shaking off sleep . he stand at the command console , bring up visual . everything on the screen be smoke and noise . PEREZ ensign ! damage report ! ensign ! nothing . on one of the screen , a alien be briefly visible . Perez stiffen at the sight of it . he punch up a different sector . the lab , and here be a badly wounded lieutenant . PEREZ status ! lieutenant containment be impossible , sir ... I think they sweep the barrack . PEREZ ( to himself ) a military strike .... Christ Jesus ... after a beat , he start punch in the emergency override code . CUT to : int . barracks - continuous it 's worst here -- the alien have take out a dozen man in they sleep , and everyone awake be scream . one soldier run for the weapon cabinet -- a alien hit he from behind and smashes he into it , fall in a tumble of gun . over the chaos , the emergency lighting come on , floor light like a airplane 's indicate the nearest exit . Father 's voice be excruciatingly calm : father emergency . initiate evacuation procedure immediately . all hand . this be not a drill . one soldier get a bead on a alien with he burner - fries italong with two of he friend . they be out of commission , but the alien be hurt only momentarily . it bound forward , take out he face . father emergency . initiate evacuation procedure ... CUT to .. int . hallway by engine room - continuous the noise be too far above to be hear down here , but father dron voice and the emergency lighting be on . vriess wheel slowly into the hall , concerned . he spin slowly , check out he surroundings . angle : down the hall there be nothing .. just the floor light pulsing in succession towards the exit . vriess follow they lead , wheeling out . CUT to : int . next hall - continuous nothing here either . but vriess 's fur be up -- he move slowly , carefully . and be that a noise ? he look around , up at the ceiling . a drop of alien blood be eat through right above he . it drip down -- and he roll out of the way just in time , back up as the blood plop to the floor , eat casually through . CUT to : int . lifeboat BAY one - continuous Men be rush into one of the lifeboat . they sit face each other in the tiny vessel and strap themselves in . pere be here , hurry the soldier in , push back the few who try to crowd in after . PEREZ Bay three ! go! the late soldier make for the next boat as Perez seal the hatch . he hit the eject button and step back . CUT to : ext . the auriga - continuous as the lifeboat fire out of the side of the giant craft . CUT to : int . BAY three - continuous Men crowd into this one too -- it 's nearly full and a alien suddenly leap into it .. start feed on the man strapped down - they be scream . Perez run in as a soldier outside the lifeboat fire he burner , hit the alien , the man , the control -- a shower of spark as the alien-turn , about to spring on the soldier as he roll in a grenade . the door shut and and a soldier hit the eject button . to : ext . auriga - continuous the second lifeboat come shoot out and moment later . explode . CUT to : int . mess hall - continuous the noise of the explosion - and of a few inside as well - be all around the group . Father 's voice still urge evacuaticion wren no ! ( to call ) what have you do ? call nothing . not a goddanm thing . you think you could control it . elgyn all right . we make for the Betty . can he walk ? he be point at rane , who nod , stand . hillard Betty 's all the way across the ship ! who know what 's in between ? call ( indicate wren ) he do . one of the soldier step forward . distephano . distephano ( to wren ) Sir , we have to go . ( to elgyn ) let he go . no quarrel . elgyn you can have he when we be off . not before . they start out , drag wren along . gun still on call and the soldier . what about vriess ? johner fuck vriess ! CUT to int . fall - continuous vries enter , look around . he be get seriously wigge . the light on the floor still pulse . urging he forward . he obey . something stir in the rafter . coil about the pipe . vriess stop , still a good thirty foot from the beast . strain to see . it start moving , climb at he upside down on the pipe . fast . vriess start wheeling himself back away but slowly , agonizingly slowly compare to the beast . he turn the corner , spin around . the hall be fifty foot long . at the far end a few soldier run through . sergeant seal off that sector ! a soldier run to obey , work the door control . vriess no ! the soldier see he , but the fear on the boy 's face telegraph he - decision . vreiess start pump toward the door . he 's strong , pick up speed , but the alien round the corner and bolt after he . vriess can not even look back as the thing gain on he . the door begin to come down , the soldier finish the sequence and run off . vriess roll , face set -- the alien a few foot behind , reach for he a explosion far away rock the ship -- the hall tilt momentarily , vriess get a boost as he rocket downhill , the beast still on he , the door close , too low for he to clear . he get there and slam a lever , he chair flatten out to a dolly position , he head just clear the close door as the alien slam into it , vriess spin out and fly off the chair it tilt , landing in a heap next to he . lying still on the ground , he listen as the beast slam against the door a few more time , then fade off . vriess fuck everything .... he reach up for the chair and from the back of it he pull out a shotgun . CUT to : int . lifeboat BAY 5 - continuous Perez be try to maintain order . he be fail . grab a corporal . PEREZ muster a squad to search for survivor ! corporal fuck no ! fuck no ! fuck you ! Perez slam he to the ground with he fist . a alien leap out at he from the ceiling . the soldier scatter , Perez just leaping out of the way -- PEREZ shoot it ! fry it ! a couple of man fire they burner , to little effect . one soldier run up to the action . his head be bloody , he expression vengefully grim . the soldier whip out a pistol , private . issue , he take a bead on the thing -- PEREZ no ! and the soldier fire -- pump three bullet into the beast send it fly back toward the window . Perez be rivete by the sight of : angle : drop of blood big one , hit the window . everything seem to move slowly now - the alien , struggle as the soldier pump two more bullet into it , the other soldier , Perez -- the monster fall and the blood eat through the window .. PEREZ get out ! everyone ! now ! Soldiers be beginning to get it .. the window crack , begin to shake as the blood be almost through it . even the soldier who shot the alien have stop , he face freeze in horror at what he 's about to accomplish . Perez shove he , herd the rest out , look back -- PEREZ clear the sector ! at the window , the blood be almost through -- Men be pour out of the hall -- some move down a side hall and slam the door shut behind they , but most be make for the main exit anyway . father warning . potential hullbreach . clear sector . the blood eat a hole in the window -- the nearest soldier be suck back against the window -- he scream as he be suck through a hole no bigger than he fist . still man be fall over each other , Perez herding they out . a huge cracking sound , and Perez shut he eye . the window explode outward , the air blow everything int space . debris , vehicle , man , all tangle and dead as they blow out into the black . angle : the sector door slam shut instantly one cut right through a soldier halfway out . angle : AIR vent Gates slam down here as well . angle : electrical duct foam shoot into they , harden instantly , sealing the breach sector . father breach contain . sector five nonfunctional . CUT to : int . hall - continuous as the crew move quickly through . they come to a shut door , red light along it indicate it 's lock . elgyn ( to distephano ) open it . distephmo I can not . johner put he gun to the soldier 's head . wren he can not ! the sector 's close . the hull 's be breach ! elgyn okay , which way ? wren we will have to go through the hold cell . here . elgyn all right . they turn leave , enter int . chamber - continuous that lead to the hold cell . the room be big , a railing at one end look over another chamber two flight down . a shut door separate the chamber from the cell . elgyn can you get that one open ? it come from the rafter , drop down on elgyn in a heartbeat . he barely have time to scream before it shoot its tongue through the back of he skull . hillard have time . she scream as she lover 's brain come out he mouth . the beast leap at the group , scatter they like bowl pin as it claw into one of the guard . everybody else be scramble for cover . St just try to escape by run past the beast - its tail lash out , tangling he foot and trip he up , he head smash against a pipe . another guard hit it with the burner -- it shriek and land on he . johner shoot at it but be far too panicked to hit it . call have back to the far wall -- she desperately work the control to open the door . it start to rise . call Christie ! hillard ! come on ! the door rise fully . ripley stand behind it . call start back , not sure what the woman will do . ripley survey the scene . the alien , burrow its head into the belly of the guard , stop . look up . everyone watch as the two creature sense each other . the alien hiss . rear back . ripley look away , contemplative we see a gamut of emotion cross she face , but she posture passive , sacrificial . she do not move . everyone watch , too afraid to breathe . the alien lunge at she , leaping across the room in two bound . it 's on she -- and she spin , gpabbing it , and hurl it away . it land in a tangle but be up again in a microsecond , jump at she , knock she back into the room , on she , its claw digging into she skin , piston tongue at she face , inch away . she lock a arm around its slick , long head and pull back we hear its tendon strain , snap . call ( to a guard ) shoot it ! shoot they both ! she grab he gun and burn they both . two less - than-human scream fill the room as they briefly disentangle , throw apart . the beast recover first , dodging the next blast and go for ripley again . ripley , on she back , reach behind she , grab a table leg and with inhuman strength bring the table down on the monster 's head . she dive at it as it come out from under .... call shoot as ripley hit the alien , they be both fry as ripley 's momentum send they over a railing and they fall twenty feet -- the alien land with a spine snap crunch , ripley only slightly better . a few crew member rush to look over the railing . Christie start down the spiral staircase to that level . johner where be you go ? the creature roll back onto ripley , grab she with its die strength . her face be rigid with pain and anger as she hold it off ... its jaw open , drip shaking ... the tongue shoot out and ripley grab it . hold it . a scream well up in she throat . a totally animal killshriek that she scream , victorious , as she rip the alien' tongue out of its face . she stand , bellow another warrior cry . the crew have gather near . they watch she , awed , wary . ripley walk slowly up to they -- up to call . ripley look a tad piss . call tense , maybe wishing she have not shot ripley as well . ripley take call 's hand , put the tongue in it . walk on . call look at the drip souvenier . the pincer at the end still twitching . christie what the fuck be go on here ? rane what be that thing ? be there more of that thing ? johner ( to call ) make a hell of a necklace ... angle : hillard on the upper level , kneel by elgyn 's body . no tear , but terribly quiet . what do we do ? christie same thing we be do . we get the fuck . rane what if there 's more ? let 's stay here and let the army guy deal . someone will come ... I mean , where be the fuck army guy ? St just be very calmly look up at the rafter , gun draw christie Doctor . you know what that thing be ? wren I do . christie and there 's other . how many ? the doctor look around , almost guiltily . wren thirty . johner thirty ! we be fuck in we pink bottom if there 's thirty of that thing . ripley there will be more . everyone look around at she . she be squatting in the corner face away from they . ripley they will breed . in a few hour there will be twice that number . ( she stand , approach they ) so who do I have to fuck to get off this boat ? christie you buy you ticket when you kill that thing . welcome aboard . call . be you fuck crazy ? she do not care if we .... christie ( fiercely ) you get no authority here , call ! - now secure it ! it 's the first time Christie have raise he voice , and it have the desire effect . after a silent moment , call start again softly . call Christie , she 's not human . wren clone she because she be carry a alien in she . she could turn -- johner nobody care about you opinion , you bitch , you fuck mole -- call she will turn on we ! just like that ! christie I do not give a syphallitic fuck whether you people can get along or not . if we have get a wish to live then we work together , and that include bug-lady . call you can not trust she . christie I do not trust anyone . CUT to : int . chamber / cellblock - a bit later the group be still in the adjoin chamber , but look here into the cellblock where ripley have be . distephano and St just come first , gun ready , look about they . they be follow by Christie and wren . wren there 's a console in the guard , station . we can punch up a diagnostic of the ship and plan a route . to you ship . christie that like I fine . he signal for the other to follow , everyone move cautiously . angle : hillard gently lay she coat over elgyn 's face . johner look down a moment . johner via con dios , man . hillard stand . call put ahand on she shoulder but hillard move away , a distrustful look on she face . ripley , bring up the rear , watch the whole group with a sort of fascinate detatchment . call look back at she . ripley smile , coldly . angle : in the cellblock the group make they way slowly , quietly . they approach a bank of elevator , but wren point down a adjoin doorway . they be about to go there when the elevator door light up , indicate arrival . the group back up , spread out . that who can find cover take it . gun draw . the elevator door open . it be too dark inside to see : suddenly spark fly from the break overhead in the elevator and a figure appear in the light . everyone jolt , about to fire . before they realize it be vriess who sit in he chair , a shotgun in each hand , eye wide . twitchier than they . johner oh , fuck ... call vriess ! vriess ( mock casual ) hey , whatchyou guy do ? hey , annalee . christie think you be toast for certain . vriess you have see that fuck thing ? wren ( suspiciously ) where be you ? vriess I be down by -- what do you mean ? I be in maintenance , check out you oxidation system . johner Doc 's get a bug up he ass ' cause call 's a mole and he think we be a conspiracy . vriess ( look at call ) she 's a what ? johner a mole . a fuck spy . vriess look hit harder by that information than anyone . christie we get 'a mission here , people . let 's keep move . they do . CUT to : int . guard , station - moment later angle : the console a hologram of the ship appear above the screen . it look a solid as the ship itself , except that part of it occasional break themselves down to show interior . the group look it over . part of the ship be simply not there , the section around that hole red . wren point they out . wren we have have hull breach by the lifeboat , here on level five , and down -- Jesus , right by the engine room . we be very lucky . ST just ( sarcastically ) lucky we . christie what about the Betty ? we ship . wren the dock seem to be intact . christie then we head for it . johner can we track that fuck thing ? wren no . johner we could get to the Betty and they could be all over it ! rane be you tote a better fuck idea ? wren all of the activity seem 'to have be in the aft-sector , by the barrack . there 's no reason to suppose they would move ripley they will not . everybody look at she . ripley they be breeding . they have get new body to work on . they will stay close . if they send anybody out , it will be here . where the ... meat be . call ' the meat ' . Jesus . ST just they be breeding . how long do that take ? ripley hour . wren or less . the process have accelerate , something to do with the clone cell . christie faster we get from here to there , the better . ST just with all the devil of hell in between . johner well , if we want to make decent time I say we ditch the cripple . ( to vriess ) no offense . vriess ( give he the finger ) none take . hillard nobody 's leave behind , johner . not even you . her voice be quiet , mourn still thick in it . nobody backtalk she . christie so what 's we route ? wren I be try to figure it . we can cut through the lab , but we be block on both side here , I be not sure distephmo Sir ? there be the lift . wren show I . distephano work the console and the hologram split , the route he 's indicate reveal . distephmo the lift . they run straight from the top of the ship down to engineering . no stop , but if we can get in the shaft , there 's a maintenece access tunnel here ( point to the center of the shaft ) that run above level one deck . take we right to the dock . christie sound reasonable . distephano I do not have the code for the access tunnel door . wren I can override . distephmo ( indicate the route ) then we head through the lab , then down to the kitchen . to the bottom of the shaft . up , through the tunnel , and onto the ship . Home free . angle : vriess be unload additional ammo from inside he chair . he toss one of he shotgun to hillard . vriess they never check the chair ... he pull out a grenade launcher . it 's so compact it 's almost cute , cradle one hand like a uzi . vriess call . she look around and he toss it to she . the gesture be not acconmpany by any show of warmth . vriess try not to shoot you foot off . wren you people should know -- ST just we.wo not shoot at the window , Doc . wren no . the alien , they bleed molecular acid . christie that 's right , I see that . vriess so do I . johner we can not shoot they ? fuck that , I be shoot they . wren this be a big vessel , and for the most part we should be okay . but if we get anywhere near the outer hull and start strafing they ... he indicate the hologram , the section of the ship miss . everyone get it . chistie if we be clear then let 's get on it . we will go by twos -- ripley we be move . christie what ? ripley the ship be move . 1 can feel it . rane I do not feel shit -- what , do you mean they be piloting this fuck thing ? vriess this ship have stealthrun , even if we be move there 's no way she could feel it . call she 's right . call be work the computer now . call the ship 's be go since the attack . wren it 's uh , it 's standard , I think . distephano that 's right . if the ship take on any serious damage it autopilot back to homebase . call ( to wren , piss ) you be plan to let we know this ? wren I forget . hillard what be homebase ? wren Earth . call oh , God . oh , you bastard ... johner Earth ? I be not go to that fuck slum . call if that thing get to Earth , it will be ... ripley ( not very concerned ) . the end . ST just that 's not we problem . call we have get to blow the ship . christie we do not have to do anything till we get off it . how long till we get there ? call Three hour . almost . christie then that 's what we get . let 's move . call do not you understand what this mean ? christie I understand my hide . and I like it on I . let 's go . ( to ripley ) what be you call , ripley ? you mind take point ? she move to the head of the line , and they start . CUT to : int . lab - later as they progress . everyone with a gun have it at the ready . ripley be a few yard in front . she stop , sniff . listen . ripley clear . johner move up next to she . johner you have come up against this thing before ? ripley yes . johner so what do you do ? ripley I die . he lag behind a bit , throw . johner that be not really what I want to hear ... distephano point to a door . distepfano this way . and ripley lead they in . CUT to : int . lab - continuous as ripley enter , we can see that this lab have be trash . ripley survey the wreckage calmly , keep move . as the other file in , they horrify expression lend contrast to she lack of one . among the debris be three body , chest explode outward . johner fuck I ... christie let 's keep move . the door to the next chamber be ajar . Christie and vriess in , then St just , then ripley . int .. next chamber something leap at ripley from out of the shadow -- a metal bar slam into she side , throw she off balance . St just and Christie spin , weapon up , and almost shoot the figure cower in the corner . everyone else rush in as he swing the bar before he , eye wild with terror . purvis get away from I ! christie Drop the rod , man . do it ! purvis . get away ... but the energy be out of he . the rod fall with a hollow clatter . he look weakly from face to face . purvis what 's go on ? St just look at he name , stitched in he coverall . ST just purvis . what 's go on be that we be get the fuck off this ghost ship . purvis what ship ? where be i? 1 be in cryo on the way to xarem , work crew for the nickel refinery ... I wake up , I do not understand ... I see something ... horrible ... call look , you come with we . it 's dangerous here . ripley sniff . cock she head . ripley leave he . call fuck you . we be not leave anyone on this boat . ripley he 's carry .. johner he 's what ? ripley he 's get one .... inside he . I can smell it . purvis Inside I ? what ? johner shit , I do not want one of that thing birthing anywhere near my ass . vriess it 's a bad risk . call we can not just leave he . vriess I think you come here to stop they from spread . call ( to wren , tear ) be not there a process , can not you stop it ? ST just we have get no time for that . wren I could not do it here . the lab 's tear apart . ST just ( quietly ) I could do he . painless , back of the head . might be the best way . call there 's gotta be another way . if we freeze he -- purvis what' in - fucking -side I ?!?!? they all look at he , a bit sheepishly . wren a parasite . a foreign element that .... ripley step in front of the doctor . ripley there 's a monster in you stomach . they ( indicate the smuggler ) hijacked you cryotube and sell you to he ( indicate wren ) and he put a alien in you . in a few hour it will punch its way through you chest and you will die . any question ? purvis be wide - eye , stunne . after a moment he stammer purvis who be you ? ripley I be the monster 's mother . she start head out of the chamber . call turn to the other . call he come with we . we can freeze he on the Betty and get the doctor to remove it later . wren all right . johner since when be you in fuck charge ? call since you be bear without ball . vriess ease off , people . christie ( to purvis , herding he along ) come with we . you might even live . get twitchy on I and you will be shot . they move out . CUT - to : int . hall - later still in the same general area , still look around every corner . it 's be too quiet too long , and the group sense that &amp ; they move into int . observation room two - continuous it 's in bad shape , so we might not recognize it as the chamber the queen be in . wren she 's go . ST just who ? wren the Queen . johner good . he be lookk into the room . the queen be keep in . a residue of slime be all that 's leave here . Beyond the queen 's chamber be another observation room . wren indicate that they have to go through . suddenly a burner blast fire at they , just miss they as they duck . they hear more blast , not aim at they , and scream . soldier ( o.s. ) pull back ! pull back ! other soldier ( o.s. ) it 's on I ! ripley look up and can just see two alien make short work of a group of soldier . call instantly move to attack , and ripley grab she , hold tight . call we have get to help they ! ripley can not . call you bitch , let go of I ! she do , and call rise . the noise be go . what she can see of the soldier - be part . she be shaking at the vision when a alien rise in front on the soldier . call duck back down , terrify . Christie hiss at she . christie you want to get yourself kill , then you run solo . ST just how many ? ripley at least two . ST just think they hear we ? ripley yep . hillard Fine by I ... johner yeah , let them come . christie wren . any other way around ? wren shake he head . christie we can not just walk in there . wren ( think ) no . no , but they can . christie say again ? wren the cage all have failsafe . liquid nitrogen . get them to come to we and I can freeze they . christie excellent . get-ready . wren go over to the failsafe button . the other look out at the alien . christie okay ... ( call out ) hey ! vriess hey , guy ! johner here , kitty ... the alien react , start for the cage . four 'of they . they reach the edge of it and stop . look around , at each other .. but go nowhere . distephmo they be not come . johner hey ! Fresh meat here ! ripley . they know it 's a trap . rane oh , bullshit ! christie what do we do ? johner shoot the fuck thing ! vriess there 's too many , and we do not have the angle . ripley bait . call what ? ripley give they a reason to go in there . throw somebody in . hillard fuck you ! ripley do we want to live ? give they she . she indicate call , who look around , nervous at the lack of protest about this idea . ripley point at rane . ripley or the skinny one , it do not matter . we can not resist the smell of meat . call we ? johner fuck , I be with she ! give them annalee ! christie now hold on distephmo you people be insane . johner now you be not exactly in the club either , soldier . people start point gun at each other . rane fuck you all , I be not die for you . call stop this . ripley grab she . look at the other . ripley come on ! do you want to live or not ? ( to call ) it will not hurt long . call ( terrify ) noo ... ripley ( to wren ) now ! wren hit the button just as three alien be bound across the cage -- they be almost to the posse , people scream , scramble , when the freezing gas hit , turn the beast to statue . the forth one see this and flee , but St just stand and put four bullet in it from forty yard . it slump over . everyone be silent , stunne . breathe hard . vriess ( realize ) fear . ripley nod . vriess that 's how they know it be a trap . they could not smell the fear . ripley ( look at call ) so I give they some . johner ( gleefully ) Son of a bitch ! he pop up and fire at the freeze alien - - they explode into fragment . CUT to : ext . auriga gildihg through space , pass Jupiter 's moon with dazzle speed . CUT to : int . hall later ripley and call be on point . ripley look down the hall . call be stare at she , and ripley can feel the girl eye on she back . ripley ( without look around ) do you think I be go to ... feed you to they ? call I think you still might . ripley smile . she may be right . ripley I want to live . call and you do not care about anything else . ripley no . call ( bitterly ) I guess you be more human than I think . ripley why do you come here ? call to kill you , remember ? ( after a beat ) because somebody have to . ripley well it 's not I . I do my time . now I just want to ... she stop dead , stare at a door . cloning storage facility be write on it . stencill beneath that be vnumber 1 - 7` . ripley stare . tries the door , which open . distephmo that 's not the way . christie ripley , we get no time for sightseeing . ripley be look down at she arm , at the 8 tattooe on it . she look at call . look back at wren . wren ripley ... do not . she enter . CUT to : int . cloning storage facility - continuous she stand a moment , stare , before proceeding through it . call stand in the doorway , other crowd behind she . every face register the horror of what they be see , but none more so than ripley 's number one through seven . the first fail effort to clone ripley . they be line up like museum exhibit -- or side show freak . here be the fetal ripley , the fetal alien visible through its translucent chest . in a jar . here be a prematurely old , disease ripley , withere blue skin cling to collapse bone . here be a attempt to separate the alien and grow it without the host - - boneless , bubbling tissue , weak and useless mouth rigore in midmew . each one more horrifying than the last , and the last the worst of all . ripley approach , and stare at number seven . a complete mixture of alien and human DNA . a torture , disgusting hybrid , half ripley , half nightmare . hook up wire and machine , it lie on the tilt - table , its head nearly level with ripley 's as she finally approach it . when it open its eye , they be hers . it tun its head ever so slightly to look at she . recognise she . ripley can not even speak . she begin to shake slightly look at number seven . number seven kill ... we ... ripley 's eye go saucer as it speak speak out of nothing resembling a mouth . ripley stagger back a step , shaking now . this be too much to bear ... call ripley ! ripley turn , slowly , still in a fever dream . call cock the grenade launcher with a loud crack . her eye meet ripley 's . call toss it to ripley as the crew step back and even a catch it ripley fire , a grenade chugge to the end of room and bursting in fire and noise , she fire another , tissue and steel explode into flame , she turn to number seven , hand shake momentarily ... and she fire , the poor creature dissolve in a cloud of flame . freeze gas jet fill the room , extinguish potential spread , but the heart of the firestorm continue to rage in the chamber . she back out , the crew wait for she outside . the launcher fall loudly to the ground . ripley turn to wren , she face rigid with pain . wren back up a step , look around he for protection that the other have no think of provide . call ripley ... do not do it . ripley stop . weariness suffuse she expression . ripley do not do what ? the tension pase . wren breathes a little sigh of relief . call punch he across the jaw , he head whipping around as collapse to the ground . call start down the hall , not even look at he . call do not do that . feeling he jaw , wren actually smile at the absurdity of all this . it 's kind of win . Christie help he up . christie have it come , Doc . johner look in at the burn lab . johner what 's the big deal ? Fucking waste of ammo . ST just let 's move before anything come to check out the noise . johner chick , man .... distephano we go down from here . christie ( to vriess ) we get to lose the chair . vriess . vriess I know . christie kawlang maneuver , all right ? vriess be pull a coil of cord from the chair . vriess just like old time ... CUT to : int . room - later a hatch open . ripley drop down , survey the scene . quiet dark , empty . ripley come up , call behind she . ripley sniff , listen . close she eye . after a beat she start further in and call motion for other to follow . slowly , they make they way down the corridor . ripley , Cal , hillard , gun draw . bring up the rear be Christie , tote a shotgun . . he turn slowly , alert , and we see that vriess be strapped to he back face the other way , also with a shotgun . call ( to ripley ) that lab ... 1 can not imagine how that must feel . ripley no . you can not . ripley look down . the floor here be cover with a foot or so of dark water . ripley step into it , move up a few pace . the other gingerly follow . vriess be face the back . he look up . vriess the cool tank . they must have blow during the trouble . angle : the cooling tank we see the round underbelly of two huge tank . there be gape , twisted hole in they . johner the nasty could not have do it , could they ? hillard what for ...? wren down here . he be at the front with ripley and - call , where the water be waste deep . he look down at a stairwell , just the top of the railing visible above the murky water . ripley there 's no other way ? wren we be at the bottom of the ship . some of the worst damage be down here . most of the section be seal off . ripley you be sure ? wren there 's the noncom 's entrance back there , but it 's flood too , and it 's a longer run . call he 's right . we be gonna have to do it this way . wren it 's just through the kitchen , then up , maybe seventy foot . ripley I do not like it . ST just what 's to like ? christie ( to vriess ) you ready to get wet , partner ? vriess oh yeah . hillard you sure about the distance ? wren yes . call no lock door ? wren it 's a open hall . just keep leave when you hit the bottom of the staircase . johner this suck . angle : DI stephano he flip cap over the barrel of the gun , slide a panel over the digital readout . the burner be ready to go , watertight . distephmo ( to St just ) you should secure ' you weapon . St just hold up he two gun . ST just this be dispospble . they can take it . distephano dispospble . I hear about that . how many round ? ST just twenty . Split point , give you a good hole even at the smaller caliber . distephano cool . ST just they be big with hitter . ' Cause you throw they away after the job . nobody like throw away a weapon they be attach to . you know ? he smile at Di stephano , who look a little uneasy about the turn the conversation have take . he join the other who be get ready to dive .. call do I have to tell everyone to take a deep breath ? a couple of the guy smile . vriess Christie , do I a favor . when we hit the surface on the other side ... no backstroke . okay ? christie ( laugh ) you will be forever blow bubbles . on three ... he count down , the two suck in enormous breath -- and dive right behind call and ripley . one by one the entire crew slip down into the black water . CUT to : int . stairwell\kitchen - continuous it 's all underwater . visiblity be poor . the crew move swiftly and gracefully down the stair and into the kitchen . in here it 's a tad labyrinthian , and the size of the room it darker . wren head straight for the other end . they swim . Safety be a good fifty foot away . they be tense , concentrate . swim past dark space . anything could be hide here . johner look about he , very nervous . Dark space . he look behind . Three alien be right behind he . panic blow half the air out of he mouth as he swing around and fire at they , tag one as the other two swim off into shadow with horrible ease . ripley , all the way to the stair , see . she hurry the other past she . they swim frantically for safety , hillard wren , Christie and vriess . rane be come along and alien hand grab at he from the darkness , pull he into it . hillard fire in that direction , johner bring up the rear still fire at the third one , wound it but not scoring killshot . call be swim up the staircase , the grow light above indicate the surface . she be almost to it when she be in the web . a net of translucent alien goo , it be spread just six inche below the surface . call struggle the goo stick to she she 's run out of air -- as wren and Christie enconter the same thing -- they all try to tear through it , but they be get weaker . ripley look back as the last of the crew be pass she , alien close behind . she look up to see the situation ab and quickly make for the surface -- but a alien grab she foot , hold she down . now she be run out of air kick at it , it let go . the other be fight , call pop she stilletto and cut through , but it 's tough , she still can not get she head up -- -- Di stephano , off to the side , be drown . take in a huge mouthful of water and begin thrashing . ripley swim past everyone and grab the hole call cut , pull it apart with a mighty heave , she glide up through -- close up : ripley's face just break the surface , she take in a huge gasp of air , facehugger clamp down on her . ripley go back under , pull at the thing as other break the surface . wren come up and a hugger leap right at he , but call nail it in four shot . Christie and vriess break surface and both begin firing , back to back , in a circular sweep . they decimate a number of egg angle : underwater ripley pull the face hugger with all she might -- it come off , its finger singeing the side of she face , leave mark like warpaint . worse , its probing fleshy member pull last of she throat , thrashing horribly . in utmost disgust , ripley pull it apart . and the three alien be coming right at her . above - the surface most of the crew have get up out of the water . Christie hold a facehugger inch from he face , other scream , take a bead on it . christie get it ! kill it ! call the blood will burn you ! throw it ! he do , and johner nail it in midflight . hillard and johner pull Di stephano out of the water , but he be not breathe . angle : under the surface ripley be grab by a alien -- and St just come up behind she and shoot it . they swim up and away from the spread , lethal bloodpool . angle : above the surface they come up out of the water , and a alien rise right behind they . everyone who can , shoot it . it fall back into the water . christie a trap ! they set a goddamn ambush ! johner give I that ! he pull the burner off Di stephano 's body , even as call be give he mouth to mouth . johner flip the gun open and fire at the water , the whole thing smoking and sizzling with the electrical charge . we hear a alien wail bubble from below the surface . johner ( grin feverishly ) okay ! everybody out of the pool ! vriess let 's get the fuck ! Di stephano sputter back to life . ripley pick he up with one hand , hillard ( to wren ) which way ? wren up here . he take off , the other follow . wren up through the lift shaft ! he stop at a pair of slide door , start work the panel . ripley come up to the door and pull they apart with a grunt . ST just company ! he 's refering to the noise and shadow of approach alien . she herd they into the shaft . CUT to : int . liftshaft - continuous it go down about four storey , and up seemingly forever .. enough room for or three elevator , one of which be two storey below . wren up ! he start climb . it 's not that hard -- there be ladder in each shaft section . call come up behind he . ripley and other pair off on other ladder . they climb fast , they be three storey up before the alien begin pounding on the metal door , it buckle under they might . johner move ! wren not far ! still pounding -- one alien get its head in , look up , hiss , pull it out . angle : lift wren come to a cralwspace ledge . he climb on . set back a few foot from the shaft be a small maintenance access door . work the keypad beside it as call climb up behind he . the alien smash through the door , one of they sailing across the shaft to grab a pipe on the other side . instantly four of they be swarm up the wall , move much faster on pipe and ridge than the human on ladder . on one of the alien a facehugger crawl , constantly move about on the adult alien 's head like a frighten spider . call hurry ! wren it 's jamme ! shit! gun! she hand he she gun and without hesitation he shoot her through the chest . she fly back and down the shaft , land hard on a elevator six storey below . eye wide and empty . vriess noo ! he fire up at wren , but wren have punch in the code and slip through the open door .. ripley leap through the air and grab the ledge , haul herself up just in time to see the door shut . the lock light turn red . she slam against the door , but to no avail . the alien be get closer . St just , the close to the bottom , suddenly let go of the ladder . his knee hook over a rung , he drop , hang up side down , he gun fill he hand . he blow several hole in the nearest alien . ripley be furious , maybe surprised just how so . suddenly a alien rise over the ledge , it 's not three foot away from she and she scream , hurl herself at it and they both go flying off into-space , they hit the wall on the other side , they fall . ripley grab a pole , it practically tear she arm out of she socket but she hold on , the alien be not so lucky , it plummet unable to find puchase . we see it fall past the unmove body of call . angte : call face as the facehugger clamp onto it . pause . pushes off a bit , two digit probing call 's nostril . sense no breath , the thing scurries away to find a better host . another alien be fast approch Christie and vriess . vriess frantically try to reload . vriess it 's on we ! Christie turn , aim -- vriess grab the ladder as Christie fire , but the alien be too close , it grab Christie , spurting blood all over he . he scream , let go of the ladder vriess take the weight of both as Christie fire again , the alien fly off and down the shaft . hillard we gotta go ! the last alien suddenly start scurrying back down after he brother . ripley we be lock in . johner fuck ! purvis how far to the next door ? distephano all the way . ripley then we climb . they start , move as fast as they can . vriess ( to Christie ) you just hang on , man . I will get we there . he start climb up , impressively fast consider the burden hang from he back . johner ( to ripley ) be they go for reinforcement ? ripley fucked if I know . they climb . and climb , the minute stretch out , still no door . ripley easily ahead of the rest . finally : ripley I think I see the door . purvis ( exhaust ) great . vriess be have increase trouble . hillard notice he lag behind , and why . hillard vriess ! Jesus ! vriess be move very quickly , consider . but the effort be become too much . vriess we be come ... johner scramble down next to vriess . he check the pulse in Christie 's neck . vriess , man ... he 's dead . refuse to hear it , vriess struggle to climb further . vriess we will get he to medlab ... just a little while ... johner look over at hillard . without say a word , she pull out a good-size hunt knife , flick it open . she slice through the cord hold they together , and Christie 's body fall free . vriess shut he eye , feel it . angle : down the shaft there be silence as Christie 's body drop down the black abyss until , from up the shaft next to where he fall , we see two alien coming up . purvis fuck ! company ! hillard look up the shaft . hillard how much further ? , johner too fuck far . let 's g0 ! they start to climb , but the alien be make much better time . a loud clacking sound from the bottom of the shaft . a few of they look down . angle : down the shaft the alien be still come , but suddenly the lift pass they head up at high speed . johner they can work the elevator ? be there anything fuck else we should know about they ?! he 's address this at ripley , but she 's as puzzle as the rest of they . the lift come up to they , stop suddenly as emergency brake be flip . they wait , gun ready . out of the hatch pop call , not especially dead . call get on ! a moment of stunne silence , then they all jump on top of the lift . call drop back down inside . a alien come up level with the lift , prepare to jump . St just shoot the shit out of it . hillard where be the other ? CUT to : int . lift - continuous call flip the brake off , and the lift shoot up . she be hold she jacket close around she chest wound , but it do not seem to bother she particularly much . angle : on top everybody hold on as the lift fly up the shaft . angle : inside call wait for the signal to stop and a alien punch through the bottom of the lift . call yell as it get its head and a arm through , claw for she . angle : on the bottom we see the other half of the alien cling to the lift . angle : on top ripley see the door approach ripley stop ! angle : inside call hit the emergency button and the lift stop halfway in front of the door - - give both ripley and call access . Bu the alien be still grab for she -- ripley pries open the door again , the crew pour out into the hall . ripley follow , jump down and open the lift door the alien hiss at ripley as she pull call out -- the -alien grab call 's ankle , but ripley wrench she free . they roll out but the alien be still fight , pull itself inside the lift . ripley grab hillardl 's shotgun . level it at the cable hold the lift . fire . the lift plummiet , the alien still halfway in . it shoot down the shaft -- pick up the second alien on its way down , neither beast able to get its bear and get out of the way as -- the lift smashes into the bottom of the shaft , crush both the alien to jelly . angle : upper door johner triumphantly stick he head in the shaft . johner eat that , fuckneck !! they all breathe hard , exhaust , before they can muster for the next stretch . call stand with she back to they . vriess baby , be I glad to see you . I think dickbag take you out for sure . be you , hurt ? call I be fine . distephano you get body armour on ? call yeah . come on . ripley be not buy . ripley you be gunshot . I see . call I be fine ! ripley spin she around . call stare at ripley , sullenly a small trickle of milky white fluid come from she nostril . ripley look down . angle : call chest wren have indeed make a messy hole here , but where blood and bone should be there be a tangle of synthorganic wiring . to state the obvious : a robot . johner call 's a goddam sythetic ! hillard Son of a bitch . Little annalee 's just full of surprise . ripley ( quietly ) I should have know . ST just could not smell this one out ? ripley no , I mean ... all that crap about be human - there 's no one so zealous as a bear again . vriess ( to call ) you be a lm7 , be not you ? be that it ? call leave I alone . her voice shock she more than anyone she vocal track slip affect by the wound . the voice be a shade slow , and echoe strangely . vriess call .... call ( bitterly ) yes . ST just lm7 ? shit . that explain a lot . yriess ( to ripley ) the latest and best . they be suppose to revitalize the synthetic industy . instead they bury it . ripley look at the girl . ripley they be - too good . vriess oh yeah . overrode they own behavioral inhibitor . do not feel like be tell what to do . the government order a recall . Fucking massacre . hillard 1 always hear there be a few that get out alive , but man ... I never think I would see one . johner start laugh . johner oh , Christ . do fuck nickel and dime border run , sell second hand junk to the farm belt ... and we be carry the most expensive piece of contraband in the system . that 's rich . purvis ( get anxious ) it 's great , she 's a toaster oven ... can we leave now ? vriess try to touch call 's wound . vriess let I see . call pull away . johner yeah , get you socket wrench , vriess . maybe she just need a oil change . ripley let 's go . they start off again , johner and St just bring up the rear johner can not believe I almost fuck the thing . ST just yeah , like you have never fuck a robot . angle : ripley letting distephano lead . ripley distephano . where be we ? distephano Upper deck ... storage ... the chapell 's up here , not much else . ripley can we get to the ship ? distephano well , we be a way out , of the way , but I think we can get through to the garden . from there , it 's down a few level , it 's do -able . what if the fuck doctor get there first ? vriess it 's a good point . distephano shit . they have reach a access door . debris block the way . ripley another way ? distephano uh , yeah . through the wall . we will have to get one of this panel off . it will take a while . ( to vriess ) you get tool ? vriess yeah , but no torch . johner Fucking blow the door ! hillard assface , we be on the top of this thing . ( point to the ceiling ) that 's hull . vriess what about wren ? if he get in the computer he can really fuck we around . ripley we have to get in too . distephano there 's no access console on this level . we would have to-backtrack . hillard fuck that . distephano and I do not have the security access that wren do anyway . ripley turn to call . ripley call . call no . I can not . johner . bullshit . she 's a damn well talk machine . call there 's another way . distephmo just tell she to access it on remote . vriess shit , that 's right . any of the new model droid can access the mainframe . johner just by blink . call I can not . ST just no time to get coy , annalee . call I can not . I burn my modem drive . we all do . vriess you can still patch in manually . you know that . call look over at the group , stare at she . she know she do not have a choice . distephano there 's port in the chapel . ripley come on . ( to the other ) you get start on that wall . CUT to : int . chapel - continuou @ ripley and call enter the small room . ripley sit in one of the pews , pull out a bible . it somewhat resemble a Newton under the leather flap be a screen read .: holy bible . pre start . ripley pull out the cord from the bible 's port , hold it up call do not make I do this . ripley do not make I make you . call I do not want to go in there . ripley get over it . call it 's like ... you inside be liquid . it 's not real . ripley you can blow the ship . before it reach Earth . kill they all . just give we time to get out first . that convince call . she pull up she sleeve , and begin . push a part of she forearm , just below the crook of she elbow . it have a spring release catch , and a small panel rise up with two computer port on it . she take the cable from ripley and plug it in . it look almost like she 's mainline heroin . she cock she head . call dammit . ripley anything ? call hold on . she reach in she chest , reconnect some tube . she twitches then shut she eye . it 's beginning . she begin speak very rapidly , eye still shut . call breach in sector seven sector three sector nine unstable -- engine operate at eighty six percent - forty six minute until earthdock . her voice have a slight mechanical quality as she rattles this off . her eye open . call we burn too much energy -- I can not make critical mass . I can not blow it . ripley then crash it . to : int . hall - continuous as the crew work at get the wall panel off , . to : int . chappel a bit later call Ground level recalibrate ... new destination 760 , 403 . done . forty one minute until impact . ripley try to clear we a path to the ship . call track movement in sublevel six through nine . video be down . attempt rerout nonfunctional , wait , partial visual in waste tank 5 , unauthorize presence ... vriess unauthorize ? call nonhuman . ripley how many ? please wait .. emergency override on . console 45v , level one ... handprint id ... ( like herself ) it 's wren . he 's almost at the Betty . ripley and how do you feel about that ? CUT to : int . hall - continuous wren be hold he hand to the scanner , just as call describe . the red light turn green and we hear the lock the door crack open . father emergency override validate . the door begin to rise . look around he , wren wait to through . the door grind to a halt , still too low to climb under . the light go out , only the faintest glow come from various instrument panel . wren 's expression drain . wren Father , reboot system on 45v , authorization ' starling ' . nothing happen . wren look about he , beginning to sweat . do the alien do this ? wren Father , locate power drain , report . Father ? call - ( on the system ) Father 's dead , asshole . wren spin in shock at the sound of call 's voice . it ,s everywhere around he . she have download she vocal matrix place of Father 's . ( she 's not just speak over a PA , she be the PA . ) the door slam back - down , lock clack into place . the door behind he open up , emergency lighting pulsing along toward he . call\ship intruder on level one ... all alien please proceed to level one . wren be freaking . he turn back down the corridor , look about he wildly . CUT to : int . chapel - continuous call pull the cord out of she port . ripley you get a mean strak . call it 's do . that should hold the fuck . this as she voice track slip even more . she work the wire in she cheest , try to fix it . ripley let I see call do not touch I . ripley back off . call you must think this be pretty funny . ripley yes . but I be find a lot of thing funny lately . and I be not sure they be . call why do you go on live ? how can you stand it ? how can you stand ... yourself ? ripley shrug . ripley not so hard . not much choice . call at least there 's part of you that 's human . I be just ... fuck . look at I .... she look at the hole in she chest , the white and sticky fiber . call I be disgusting . her voice be at its slowest here , low and eerie . it 's a mechanical problem , but it sound just like despair . ripley do you dream ? call I ... we have neural processor that run through .... ( stop ) yes . ripley when I sleep , I dream about it . they . every night . all around I ... in I . I use to be afraid to dream , but I be not anymore . call why ? ripley because no matter how bad the dream get ... when I wake up it 's always worse . purvis enter . purvis I guess we be almost there . ripley right . he exit again . call finish fiddling with she internal wiring . we hear she voice slip back to normal as she say : call let 's get go . CUT to : int . tunnel as they come one by one through the wall . distephano not far now . purvis God , I be so tired ... johner yeah , well , we will sleep when we be dead . ripley follow he through . ripley do not count on it . the rest of they come through and walk into : int . the garden continuous the Garden run nearly half a mile straight across , and then down on a terrace slope . everywhere be different kind of plant : tree , vegetable plant , exotic and experimental hybrid . access path crisscross the bed . it 's huge , the single biggest space on the ship . yet the low ceiling , latice with grow - lamp now dim in nightcycle , and prodigeous undergrowth make it labyrinthian , almost claustrophobic . from where the crew be , they can barely see where it slope down . johner what 's this fuck deal ? distephmo this supplies most of the food for the unit . vriess ( hold a lucious ripe pear ) you guy get something against spam ? distephmo and there 's some lab work here too . hybridization . ripley at the other end ? distephmo run down to the by the waste tank . we can get to the dock from there . you , okay ? ripley be hold she head . she shut she eye . call what be it ? ripley shake it off . ripley nothing . I be okay . she look out at the jungle , they have to cross . call we should get move . ST just hey ! check it out ! he have come upon a small load truck , a sort of platform jeep . vriess check it out , take a huge bite of he pear . vriess beat walk . he haul himself up - into it . everybody pile onto the back flatbe just a foot or so off the ground and just big enough to hold everyone but vriess , call and ripley , who push into the driver 's seat . vriess quickly and quietly , people . ripley stare unconprehendingly at the control for a momen till call flip on the ignition . ripley thank , you . the jeep pull out . it 's electric , so it emit just a low hum as she take it at a good clip toward the other side . the access path be just a bit wider than the jeep itself , plant rise tall all around they . ripley concentrate on drive . the pass through as section of wheat , then of corn . as they come to another section , the crew 's expression change to one of pleased disbelief . you gotta be fuck I . St just ! be this real ? ST just so this be what heaven look like . we see they have drive into a healthy section of cannabis plant grow ten foot high . the car screech to a halt . ripley 's at a crossroad of sort . ripley which way ? hillard ( look at the plant ) I always wonder where the military get its funding ... a alien shoot out of the brush and land on hillard everyone scream -- ripley slam she foot on the pedal the jeep peel out , as more emerge from the brush . hillard get it off meeeaaaaaagghre !!!! it bore into she head before St just can blow it away . it 's head explode in fragment of bone and sizzling blood as it fall away from the jeep , hillard 's body still clutch in arm . another leap out at they , but the jeep be go a good clip and it miss . the crew pepper it with bullet . they look , about they , gun ready . angle : in the brush something run parallel to they in the plant . angle : above two more run on top of the grow -lamp , pace they as well . one drop down -- ripley swerve out of the way , drive in the plant . they be varied , exotic -- and there be alien behind half of they . the crew blast away all around they ripley drive a drunkard 's path through the brush , avoid tree that dot the scape . a alien drop onto the hood , another grab the side -- vries take out the first , blow it off , but the second grab johner , he go fly over the side , . drop he gun . St just be too preoccupy with he own problem on the othe to see that johner be be drag , the alien still clutching onto he . Shots bang out , rip into the alien , which let go . johner look up to see purvis hold johner 's gun . johner drag himself back on . one jump down onto St just , tear a good chunk out of he midsection before he dust it . another alien jump on the hood just as the jeep sail over first ledge of the terrace slope , come -down hard enough knock it off , sail over the next -- the crew can barely hang on as the jeep crash down slope after slope . ripley swerve back onto the road , the jeep slide over onto the step beside it , rock violently as they shoot down the remainder of slope , the alien close on they heel . still blast away at the beast , the crew be able to put little distance between they as they come to the end of the garden . here it divide into three section , all open hall with access for the jeep . ripley which way ? disteprmo ( look over ) Left ! Left ! she swerve leave , the jeep - bounce into the hall int . hall continuous where window run along either side look out onto black space . ripley drive as far as she can , till a staircase -- go -- fill she vision , too steep for the jeep . she slam on brake . the jeep spin out and come to a halt . the crew pile out , Di stephano grab vriess . at the other end of the hall , the alien can be see approach . the crew blast at they , the alien , blood splattering the narrow hall . angle : the blood eat into the wall . the floor . call / ship warning . potential hullbreach . clear sector . distephano ( indicate the step ) down here ! they start down -- all but St just . he get out of the jeep with difficulty . look down at he wound . johner look around to see he still stand atop the step johner St just ! come on , man . St just look down at the wound . back at johner . he walk calmly away , towards the alien . call St just ! ST just you go . he look at the apprach alien . ST just I be bored . call\ship warning . evacuate sector . a moment , then the crew take off . St just take a handful of pill , pop they into he mouth . only the slight grin suffuse he face , as he wait for the alien . they close on he , and he raise he gun . call\ship warning ... CUT to : int hall nearby - continuous the crew run full out . distephano we have to get out of the sector ! ripley where ! distephano there ! he point at a door that 's down two flight and across the hall . CUT to : int . hall continuous the alien close , and St just fire , blast away with bot gun . alien writhe on the floor before he , still they cover the body of they brother , still he fire , call\ship monotone of warning in sharp contrast to the chaos -- St just fire until both gun be empty . in one smooth motion he drop they both and jerk he wrist and two - more disposable gun fly into he palm and he blast away angle : the blood eat through the hull . angle : the crew desperately racing for the door . angle : ST just firing with quiet glee . angle : the crew the first of they be through the door . angle : St just the alien be get closer , but still he mow they down both he gun click , spend . ST just damn . call\ship warning -- and boom !!!! , the hall burst OPEN , everything explode into space , the wind rush out as boom !!! , the whole garden sector rip open , suck out , as angle : ripley be the last to get out , but the pressure change suck her she fly backwards , the section door come down just in time as she slam into it , the door close fully as she fall , lack of pressure suck at the door itself , it creak and be inward slightly , but it hold . the other have exite into the next hall . they have be toss about , but not as badly . call stop , run back to ripley , help she up . ripley be daze ; the door hit the back of she head solidly . call can you walk ? ripley I think I ... call I be not fuck carry you ripley do not even hear she ; something else drown call out . ripley put she hand over she ear . ripley mistake ... mistake ... call ripley . ripley I can hear they , in the hive ... it 's close ... we be on the hive . call Jesus . come on . ripley I can hear they ... the queen ... call what ... ? ripley she 's in pain . they crash up through the floor panel , six of they , surround the two woman . call can barely spin before ripley grab she and hurl she fifteen foot down the corridor , out of harm 's way . the alien close on ripley . she struggle but she 's still weak . one slam she onto the ground call recover , look back at ripley as the alien drag she unconscious body back down under the floor . call ripley ! CUT to : int . AIR vent - coninuous Dark , cramped , and already cover with a harden layer of resin . skitter , insectile motion at one end herald the alien , as two of they crawl rapidly along . the third craw upside down , the semiconscious ripley drape over its chest if she be awake , and out .vf she mind , she could be kissin the beast . her eye flutter open , but she be obviously still groggy . angle : ripley's Pov alien head , dark tunnel pass beneath . scuttle through a small maze , the alien come out into : int . waste tank 5 - continuous a vast , dark chamber , entirely encrust with alien goo . air vent open about three quarter of the way up the chamber . the alien pour out and imediately scuttle up , carry ripley to the top of the chamber . they circle she and begin secreting resin , spin a web around she . the resin come out of the back in spit and glob . it be not pleasant , and ripley struggle feebly as they begin to cocoon she . CUT to : int . antechamber continuous the crew pile through it on they way to the load dock . call bring up the rear , still look back regretfully . she hesitates , and purvis take hold of she arm . purvis we get to be move , miss . best gift you can give she right now be a quick death . call it 's not right ... purvis I have be say that all day , we need you help . a moment more , and she head out with he . CUT to : waste , tank 5 - continuotj the alien have finish webbing ripley , and climb away . when it be do she find herself basically hang from the ceiling , she leg encase and glue with glisten strand to the roof . she hang therefore at a angle , look down on the chamber . and so it be with she , as she swim to full consciousness , we get we first real look at where we be . there be no less than ten people strung up exactly as ripley be , encircle the chamber , and all look some forty foot down at : the Queen . lying on she back at the bottom of the-chamber , belly swollen and distend . she be herself partially cocoon , strapped down to the at the edge of a black pool of blood and ichor . her head move slowly back and forth , in delierium of pain . there be a four or five alien tend she , spin goo around she , vomit blood onto she belly . they might be serve she , or imprison she . both , in fact . there be one thing miss from this tableau . ripley ( softly ) no egg ... gediman ( os ) multiple reproductive system . ripley turn 's slowly , to see the person next to she . it 's gediman , look wane and haggard . he may be speak to she but he stare straight ahead , he eye glow with near insanity . gediman complete asexual reproductive cycle , self - impregnate , we find six different set of ovary in she . Egg lay be the first cycle , immature . redundancies , redundddancy ... she will bring forth legion . ripley they do not impregnate you ? now he look at she , regret and glee at what have happen battle for he expression . gediman no ... they have just be drain I . she look down , to see angle : gediman' feet as blood from various wound seep slowly past he toe , drip into the pool . a keen shriek come out of the queen , as she limb begin thrashing . the alien around she back off slightly . the bulge in she belly start move . ripley start struggle with she bond , terror and determination in her.eyes . ripley I be get out of here . goddamnit , I be get the fuck out of here ! he look at she , the last glimmerof he sanity sink beyond the horizon . gediman do not you want to see what happen next ? CUT to : int : loading dock - continuous the crew rush in , head for the Betty . johner how long till we can get airborn ? vriess I will need call to patch in to the ship again , open the hatch . call right . johner we hit atmo in a few minute , only gonna make it harder . they all run on board int . the betty and head for the cockpit . distephano deposit vriess in a wheelchair . call johner , take purvis to the freezer . johner all right .. nap time , buddy . a gunshot and purvis go fly , blood spurting out of he shoulder , johner draw but wren emerge from the shadow too fast . wren grab call and very carefully hold he gun to she back right below she shoulderblade . wren fuck with I and I put a bullet where she brain be ! johner stand , uncertain . wren distephano ! take they weapon . distephano begging you pardon , sir , but eat my fuck . distephano aim at wren . wren back up a step . wren Drop it ! Drop it or we all die together ! heaped in the , corner , purvis suddenly jerk forward . his eye go wide . CUT to : int . waste tank 5 continuous ripley be frantically try to pull at she bond . it 's just beginning to work . but the noise in here be get worse , the alien franitcally agitate as the queen belly begin move more violently . shriek , and ripley do as well , from effort or sympathy , it be hard to tell , as the queen belly pop OPEN . blood shoot everywhere , burn into the wall . and all the scream stop . the movement stop . even ripley stop . silence . something emerge from the wound . a alien , to be sure , but nothing we have see so far , its foreleg arch out of its back like spider leg , its back leg set on enormous haunch , thick and powerful . its head be long , eyeless , like the other , but along its white expanse red vein , come out of the skin and run like thick black hair to the back . it have retract pincer at the side of head that come out when its tongue do . its much bigger the the other , nearly the size of the queen herself . and it 's bone white . gediman beautiful .... beautiful butterfly ... he be cry with revelatory joy . ripley be not . grimace the sight and smell of the new beast , she begin pull again at she bond . one of the soldier , at the 'other end of the room from ripley wake up . dangle uselessly at he side be a rifle -- the real deal , not a burner . soldier no , God ... he scream in uncomprehend horror . the newborn stop , tilting its head : it leap up to the ceiling in a second , quick and effortless as a monstrous flea . leap again and land on the scream soldier , grip he side with its four foreleg as he scream lustily . pincer swing out and pin either side of he head .. his eye go wide as : its tongue shoot into he throat . stays there , and we watch it drain the blood from he body . we can see it , see its stomach swell , red tinged , as he body go blue and slack . his rifle drop into the black pool . gediman stare , transfix , and it land on he . CUT to : int . betty - continuous johner 's gun drop to the floor . everyone back off . wren the fuck robot be go to plug back into the auriga and land it accord to standard operational procedure . call no she 's not . distephmo you be fuck nut . you still want to bring that thing back to earth ? johner have you be pay any attention today ? wren I can handle the animal ! call Fucking shoot I . wren shut up !!! and purvis launch from the corner , scream , jump on wren - wren get off a couple of shot -- nail distephano in the face . the soldier drop like a sack . the other shot hit the ship , call dive for cover as purvis slam he fist across wren 's face , wren fire again and jo be on the ground , roll , grab he gun -- purvis be a man possess . he grab wren 's gunhand and smas it against a instrument panel , bone crack audibly as wren drop the gun . purvis jerk . blood bloom in he chest . everybody stop , mesmerize . wren drop to he knee , go for the gun , and purvis grab he from behind , pull he so that the back of wren 's head be against he chest . purvis jerk again . it take wren a moment to understand what 's happen . they both scream . then alien burst out of purvis 's chest , straight into wrens skull . everyone else be still freeze . then the little critter burst out of wren face , fly straight at vriess . CUT to : int . waste tank 5 - continuous ripley tear one of she arm free as the newborn feed beside she . gediman be already a shell . have drain the scientist , it leap blindingly fast onto the ceiling . look around . target ripley . it have no eye , but she can feel they on she anyway . she rip at she bond with a terrible effort -- the newborn leap at she and she pull free with a scream , plunging the thirty foot to the pool as the alien fly over she , miss , landing on the far wall instead . ripley disappear beneath the surface of the water . the newborn turn its head , try to locate its lose prey . other alien scutter closer to the pool . ripley stand up out of the pool , cover in blood , hoisting the soldieris gun . killshriek rise from she throat as she fire , take out a host of alien in a single sweep , just tagging the newborn as it leap out of the way . alien jump at she , try to kill and try to protect the newborn , but she blow they out of the air . it feel pretty good . a few shot go wild , and punch big hole in the side of the tank . Light stream in through they . ripley see -- and continue fire in that direction . she make a big enough hole that she can run and smash through to int . by tank - continuous roll and come up in a instant . she look around she . exit this way , but there be a vent above she . the newborn 's head lunge at she , the small hole make it impossible for the creature to get all the way through . but it wriggle , push ... ripley jump up , grab a pipe , and kick open the vent grate , throw herself up the vertical shaft with astonish ease . CUT to : int . betty - continuous --- vriess be scramble away , knock over thing to avoid the baby alien . johner shoot at the creature as it speed - towards vriess . call do not shoot it ! Betty 's hull be too thin ! johner look out ! it knock over cannister as it speed across the table and behind some instrument . vriess where would it go ? call do not shoot it ! johner fuck that ! it leap out of the darkness and head straight for call , she stumble back , trip -- it come at she , leap right at she face , she pull she hand back -- and - flick she wrist the stilletto pop out as the creatu fly at it , the blade slide right into its mouth , ramming eight inch through its innard before it poke out the other end . blood spurt on call , on the floor . the creature wriggle and finally fall free as the stilletto melt inside it . johner vriess ! get behind the fuck wheel ! CUT to : int . vertical AIR shaft - continuous ripley be climb up the cramped vent with the speed and agility of a alien . unfortunately , so be the alien , twenty foot below she . two drone in front , with the newborn sqeezing close behind . ripley grab a pole and she hand begin to steam , it 's so hot . she cry out , let go ... then look down . grab the pole again and , ignore the searing agony , pull , pull ... rip out of the wall , burn steam gushing out below she , slow down the alien . she continue climb , then kick through a grate . CUT to : ext . space the auriga race toward : earth . but not as we have see it . the planet be still blue , but almost two third of it be obscure by a giant orbit latticework of metal , a part shell that rotate sligtly faster than the planet itself . the auriga head for a section of expose earth . not long now . CUT to : int . ante chamber - continuous ripley drop to the ground and head for the dock . call/ship airlock door close . stand clear . ripley no ! she do not bother to try the door , she hurl herself through the window , landing int . docking BAY in a hail of glass . she be on the platform that . run the length of the dock . Betty . be barely visible past the far end , - sink into the airlock as the massive airlock door . slide slowly shut . ripley no !! a slam against the metal door behind she tell she the alien be here . she pick herself up and run -- and she can run fast . speed across the platform , faster , faster , the Betty sink of sight as the airlock door move closer together , fifteen foot apart , ten ... ripley reach the edge of the platform and leap , just hurl herself off of the platform , sail through the air , thirty , forty foot , and down , the airlock door thirty foot below almost close she drop right through just before they close , fall another fifteen foot and land -- wham !! -- on top of - the auriga , hard , roll , lie there in extreme of pain . CUT to : int . betty - continuous the crew look up at the sound . vriess something 's on we ! johner forget it ! we will shake it off on descent . airlock secure . Outer door open ... . CUT to : int . airlock - continuous ripley try to pick herself up , be momentarily too wipe . breathes heavily , get to she knee . angle : from above - we see ripley crawl toward the hatch , and the huge outer airlock door open beneath the ship . Blue sky and wind the screen below . angle : ripley struggle to get to the hatch . ripley God ' ... and above she , through a window into the docking bay , we see the newborn appear . CUT to : int . betty - continuous call almost there ... johner we get about forty second till we kiss the ground ! go full thrust on the downdraft ! we 'llget clear ! johner it 's gonna be fuck close . call\ship warning . procedural interruption . ship not leveling for vertical drop . brake system nonfunctional . collision imminent . johner no shit . call almost there . CUT to : int . airlock - continuous the airlock door be almost .. completely open . ripley have reach the hatch , but can not get it open . she pound on it frustration -- and the newborn smashes through the window , jump down onto the ship . ripley noo !! nooo ! CUT to : int . betry - continuous call now !!! vriess punch it CUT to : int . airlock \ext . sky continuous and the Betty shoot down out of the airlock -- ripley and the newborn just barely hold on , ripley 's body throw straight up as she grip the hatch door for dear life . the newborn have a better grip -- it have more thing to grip with but it too struggle with the sudden drop . angle : the atjriga speed toward the earth . the Betty shoot out the airlock and nearly smashes into the bottom of the ship as it pass , like trash throw out of a speed car . int . betty the akiriga pass , huge above they vriess look out ! call I be ! ext . the betty the ship swerve as call expertly avoid the auriga -- and see ripley and the newborn on top , still fight for purchase the Betty get clear , leveling out -- the auriga still head straight for earth , as the terrain below become clear - - desert , snow cover mountain angle : ripley hanging on angle : call Fighting to control the Betty angle : inside the auriga desert hall , passageway body , and , alien milling here and there call\ship collision in six second ... five ... four ... ( softly ) here we go ... angle : the atjriga smashes into the ground , a deafen exposion eat the massive ship in second , utter cacophony . angle : the betty Flying away , the thunder firestorm behind it . angle : call a instrument panel suddenly SPARKS beside she warning light flash , the ship shaking as if under massive turbulence call johner ! Fire ! vriess vector control 's fuck ! we gotta put down ! call find I a path ! johner spray foam on the fire . there be a loud banging hear far overhead . what the fuck be that ? angle : ripley be slamm she fist on the hatch door , hang on with she other arm . the ship continue to tremble and buck -- she 's nearly throw off . ripley godamnit ! she look around at the alien . it 's almost on she . work its way painfully toward she , grip with its leg and tendril . hiss . it slam a tentacle down at ripley , but she roll , just hold on angle : johner above the cockpit , look at a fuzzy external monitor . johner it 's ripley ! ripley 's on the fuck hatch ! in the cockpit , call nearly go white . call let she in ! johner fuck no ! there 's something else out there with she ! vriess one of they . johner look at the image , realize how masive the newborn be . awed fear creep into he voice : johner no. it 's something else . frustrate , call jump out of she seat .. vriess fight to control the ship as she climb up toward the hatch . vriess goddamnit , call ! johner grab she , practically throw she at the monitor . johner look at that fuck thing ! we can not open up ! they both tumble as the ship jerk angle : ripley be buck off the ship before she grab the newborn 's tentacle , hold on to it -- the newborn smashes it against he ship , try to shake she again - - she grab a external grate and start climb painfully away . angle : call pushes johner aside as she make for the hatch release sequence . angle : vriess . desperately pull up as wood , snowy mountain zoom dangerously close below . angle : the alien turn as the hatch open nearby , the door slide slowly beast be tear between ripley and this new distraction -- ripley see it too , start climb for it frantically , one on the newborn . the beast make for the doorway -- and call pop halfway out point a grenade launcher at the thing .. she blast it once , the beast roaring and start back , hurt but not nearly enough . call fire again but the ship rock send the shot wild . she fly back for all of a second the beast rear to attack but ripley be at the hatch -- call drag she in and close the hatch , the beast just slamming in it as it close . int . the betty ripley be hang on call , exhaust . another bang on the hatch , and they can see the door start to give . vriess call ! now ! call and ripley head into the cockpit . johner continue look at the vidscreen at the beast . vriess we can not to do a vertical setdown ! brake system be shot ! call find I a patch of land ! I will put she down . call jump back into the pilot 's seat by vriess . he pull up hard on the wheel , but the ship be still dangerously close to the ground . johner that thing be not go anywhere ! vriess johner , strap in ! we be come down hard ! angle : - betty approach the rough , wood terrain , just above the tree . Hit a relatively clear patch , touch down -- bounce back up and then down again angle : call Fighting the wheel -- she can not pull it up hard enough . angle : the betty the ship blast through tree . the newborn move to the back of the ship to avoid debris . johner that thing go back behind the thruster ! call and ripley look at each other . ripley hit it . call throw on the thruster , the ship rocket forward angle : the newbom engulf in flame , lose its grip -- the betty go too fast -- call can not control it vriess kill thrust ! now ! call do . angle : the betty skid , skid , throw up enormous debris . it hit another wood area ripley be throw bodily into the windshield -- the betty mow down a half acre of tree before finally grind to a halt . as soon as they have recover , call throw off she seatbelt . call be everbody all right -? johner where be you go ? call open the hatch . call to make sure that thing be really dead its giant face lunge down at she , piston tongue shoot out . it have char black skin -- in some place that skin have fall off and wet pink flesh show through . call drop to the floor , the tongue just miss she . johner scramble for he gun as ripley drag she out of the way . as quickly as it come , the head lurch back out . johner I think it 's go ! vriess no , it 's wait for we to come out ! can we fly ? vriess we can not fuck crawl ! ripley it 's go . call look at she . call be you sure ? johner good ! great ! call no ... call grab a grenade launcher . call I have get to stop it . vriess call call that thing be thirty minute old ! in a few hour it will grow up . if it reach a place with people ... she head for the door but ripley be on she way . they exchange a look . ripley you will never catch it . call toss she the grenade launcher . CUT to : ext . betty - moment later the ship sit silent in the wood , the tree around heavy with snow . ripley come out the top . she look around she , see the track in the snow . huge , lope . she jumps.down off the ship . and run . through the blur of tree , she move with the grace and speed of a animal , leaping from boulder , racing through the powder brush this be ripley at peak speed , and it be something to see . she start go up , the way get steeper and rockier , till she reach a cliff face , and look out on : a CITY . sprawl , huge , a million tiny light cut through the darkne it 's just before the horizon . the newborn rise in front of ripley , strike she before she have a chance to aim she weapon . its tentacle cut deeply into she , send she fly . the beast be on she in a second , its enormous jaw miss she head by a inch as she roll , grab the grenade launcher , FIRE the beast be throw , but just graze , back on she as she try to get off another shot , it slam a foot down right on her she scream , the launcher roll free , the beast come in for the kill and over the ridge fly the harvester , call at the control . aim right for the newborn . it rear up to see it just as the girl ram it into the creature head , it knock it on its ass , the harvester shaking but not quite spin out , as call come around for another shot . ripley scramble to safety as the newborn prepare for the oncoming harvester , it whip its tentacles at it but call swerve at the last second -- the monster spin with it , scream , see ripley and slashes at she . knock her off the cliff -- she fall , grab brush it snap -- she start slinding down rockface and she take she hand , slam she finger into the smooth rock face like a pick axe -- it rip she nail bloody but she dig out purchase . angle : call slam into the newborn from behind , the girl nearly throw out of the harvester , the newborn spin and grab it , call throw it into reverse but the newborn be too strong , hold on , bring its head up to face call herself . angle : ripley be bloody and tear , it smashes into the rockface , as she climb back to the top angle : the newborn swing the harvester into a tree , call nearly knock loose again . the monster be jolted as well , let go , call pilot the machine back through the tree , the alien watch it , growl -- call fly deftly through the tree , away , away , then spin out , head back for the beast at top speed , the wind roar as she close the newborn spin and she slam into it , it go fly , scream in pain , the harvester bounce off it , flipping over , crashing against the tree and landing tilt upside down , call unconscious between it and the ground . the newborn shudder , rise , make for the harvester -- it clearly piss . ripley pull herself over the ridge , see the situation , rush toward they . call awaken to see the monster approach the machine . terrify , but determine , she reach for a lever ripley no ! over here ! Calling out to distract it , she run , wave she arm . call ripley ! let it come ! let it come ! tear run through she voice as she strain for the lever . the beast be tear , and for a moment do not move . ripley look over to where call be , and understanding bloom on she face . she look around and spot : angle : the grenade launcher halfway between she and the newborn . for a moment neither of they move . then ripley run , the newborn come at she with equal speed , like they be play chicken , ripley dive at the ground , roll , come up holdin the grenade launcher , and she fipe ! the newborn be hit up close and dead center this time , and it rear back , scream - - ripley fire and fire , drive it back toward the upend harvester . the alien rear up to its full height , and ripley pull . the trigger . there be a hollow click . furious , ripley stare a moment at the beast . a sscream well up in she throat and she throws herself at it , leaping impossibly high , smash into it and send both of they tumble onto the harvester . call pull the lever . in a instant the machine roar to life , a thousand blade grind to top speed , pulverize the beast , consume it , suck it down as layer upon layer of alien flesh be chop into mess . and it shriek , a noise unheard before , as it thrashes frantically . ripley try to pull herself off it before the blade get too close -- but the beast grab she , hold she . the blade ever closer as she struggle with it . angle : call still trap below , she see the alien blood seeping through the machine all around she ! she squirm , try to get away , but she 's stick . a stream of blood land on she shoulder , eat it away . another on she leg , and panic bloom , bright in she . call ripley ! galvanize by the cry , ripley tear herself out of the beast 's die grasp , flip backwards off the harvester as it begin to smoke and spark , blood eat through the control . call writhes , blood everywhere now . she be lose in primal terror . ripley wriggle she way under , and , regardless of the stream of blood splattering she , wrench call free . she drag she ' out . a section of the harvester explode , raining fire and debris or the die alien . call lie on the ground , ripley behind she , arm wrap tight around she . cover in blood and grime , the two watch the alien go up in flame , breathe hard , hold each other as if they life depend on it still . dissolve to .- angle : the newborn skull Burning , hollow out by the lick of flame that caress it . collapsing gently on itself . wide angle : ext . same - later the four of they sit by the huge camp - fire , watch the flame . vriess toss ' Christie a bottle of whiskey . johner the bitch take she time in burn . vriess well , it look like she 's finally give it up . johner trooper should be find we ship any time now . 1 do not much love the idea of be around when they do . ripley get up , look out over the cliff edge at the light the city . Christie offer the bottle to call . she take it and drink . vriess ( to call ) I guess you will not want to be answer any official question either . call I guess not . she be grateful for the suggestion that they be in it together . vriess well , we be on Earth , for chrissake . plenty of place to get lose here . call so I have hear . after a moment , she get up as well , go over to ripley . she hand she the bottle . ripley look at it . call it 's a drink . you drink it . ripley ( smile ) I remember . she drink . call so , what do you think ? ripley think ? call what should we do now ? ripley I do not know . she look out in the distance ... ripley I be a stranger here myself the two of they stand side by side stare out at the unfamiliar horizon , as the newborn dwindle in the dance flame . the end