alien versus . predator Dark horse prod . present alien versus . predator screenplay by Peter Briggs ext . deep space we OPEN on total blackness , a sea of star spread across the infinite depth of space . as the title roll , we notice that three of this speck seem to be move ; one of they pick up acceleration and racing toward we . we perspective change , and we catch a quick glimpse as it hurtle past , and into the gravitational pull of a large brownish planet . kick up SPARKS of friction as it hit atmosphere . it seem to be manmade . or at least artificial . ext . planet surface - day the planet be dead , barren . death Valley on a grand scale . we watch the object plummet through the wispy cloud-cover , emit a few last burn ember before fall to ground way - off in the distance . a booming echo resonate across the dusty plain , before settling back into a eerie silence . ext . fissure canyon - day we be look into a deep gorge , dark and sinister . a howling wind whip dust into a sandstorm , reduce visibility to almost zero . about seventy foot down there 's a hole in the rock - face that just might be a cave entrance , and near be a peculiar shimmering in the air . we hear a mechanical beeping and the shimmering disappear , replace by five humanoid shape cling to the sheer rock - each well over seven foot tall . they be predator , a race of intergalactic big -game hunter on permanent safari ; they clothing and weaponry a bizarre mix of aborigine and ultra-hi-tech . in they hand be circular metal disc ; ' smart weapon ' which cut into the stone and give they purchase . predator-vision . from they p.o.v. , we see the fissure reduce to thermal heat source . the entrance register as a black gape void . int . fissure nest tunnel the five hunter climb inside the rim of the tunnel , out of the wind 's banshee wail . the lead predator reach up to he headgear , pull at the coupling pipe connect it to a hide breathe - apparatus . he remove the helmet , clip it to he rear utility pack , and take a deep breath of the air . a curious speckle pattern run across he wide forehead , mark he different to the other ; in addition , one of the fang of he mandible have be shear away . we will call he broken tusk , he 's the leader of the hunt party . he reach out a hand to caress the wall of the tunnel . several foot in from the rim , it change from rock to a texture biomechanical surface ; a swirl mass of disturbing shape . he hurry forward in response to the gurgling - hiss of one of he team who have find something . the other predator hold a telescopic spear up for scrutiny . skewer on the end be a shrivel form with eight spindly leg and a segment tail ; it 's a facehugger , the first stage of the deadly alien lifeform . broken tusk hiss a caution to he party ; they respond by pull spear and elaborately - shape sword . several shoulder - mount plasma cannon slide up to fire position , tracking with they owner ' helmet . thus armed , they move cautiously ahead ... take no chance . one helmete predator pause , scan the area . predator-vision . he switch through a variety of different view ; infra-re , ultra - violet , enhance motion - tracking . nothing . he 's so pre-occupy with this task , he totally fail to notice the skeletal alien loom up behind he , emerge from the biomechanical growth on the floor . a barb tail skewer the predator straight through the neck , splash luminous blood across he chestplate . a gargle death-rattle issue from he throat , the band of predator spin around in time to see he be drag below the ground . the band of extraterrestrial hunter have no time to come to he aid ; they themselves be set upon by a half - dozen alien warrior . the carnage be swift and terrifying , a blur of motion . steel blade and serrate biomechanical limb scythe the air , alive with the cry and hiss of both adversary . one predator be pin against the tunnel wall , he spear out of range . the alien claw away he face mask , and he find himself dodging the alien 's toothe tongue , extend toward he with pile - driver speed . he reach down , grasp the ' smart - weapon ' hang from he belt and bring it up in a arc that terminate at the alien 's grin face . Big mistake . the two be in such close proximity that the alien 's acidic blood spray across the predator 's head . while they technology seem to be resistant to it , they body be not : the viscous yellow liquid begin burn into the predator 's skin . he kick the skeletal corpse away with a hideous piercing scream , claw at he sear face . it all seem to be over as quickly as it begin ; there can be no question as to who be the victor . the predator stand amidst a sea of biomechanical limb strewn around like a charnel house . as he companion begin to carefully decapitate the alien skull , broken tusk step over the corpse to examine he fall comrade . the first predator to be attack be kill instantly ; he cross to the other . what he find cause he to react with pity and disgust . his fall comrade be only just alive ; mandible click frailly , half he head burnt away . broken tusk watch the ail predator slide a steel blade from it 's sheath and offer it to he . he take it , know what have to be do . Rolling the knife quickly over the back of he hand - the sort of elaborate trick seasoned Green beret perform - he plunge it downward into the fall hunter . this unpleasant task accomplish , broken tusk straighten up and activate he wrist -computer . a dark shape blot out the light come from the entrance ; a small predator shuttlecraft , sleek and elegant . it hover in the air with little more than a loud hum , and extend a ramp . the survive predator leap aboard , carry they trophy with the reserve silence of man return from combat . one more thing need to be do . broken tusk bend down and flip a sequence of key on the dead predator 's wrist . a countdown be display in some unknown character - set , accompany by a high pitched beeping . he then turn and swiftly board the craft which take smoothly to the air , it 's undergear retract . ext . planet surface - day a white - hot fireball erupt out of the fissure , the result of the predator 's suicide - destruct mechanism . the shuttlecraft pull quickly away , disappear into the cloud . ext . space a large spacecraft be suspend in orbit around the planet ; the predator mothership . the shuttle head swiftly towards it . int . predator mothership - docking BAY a airlock rumble open and the predator file noisily into the mothership 's docking bay . a old predator crouch against a strut take time out from carve something into a block of wood to briefly look up at they . like the predator themselves , the ship be a curious mixture of old and new . a elaborate frieze write in alien script run around the wall , with rack of sophisticated equipment recess into it . hatches lead off to various part of the ship ; we see broken tusk carry he alien head off down one of they . int . predator mothership - viewing gallery the gallery seem to be more mechanical than the rest of the ship . broken tusk enter , pause next to a kind of readout device : a cylindrical tube contain a substance similar to mercury which constantly change it 's mass into shape and alien text . he peer over the protective railing . what he sees be magnificent : a captive queen alien , the nucleus of the alien society , feed by giant intravenous pipe . each of it 's limb be tethere by strain clamp prevent any movement . to the rear , it 's giant egg - sac glow and throbs , suspend by a jury-rigged sling . a scanning mechanism hang above the egg the queen lay , seemingly defy gravity . as each egg be scan by a blue triangular beam - similar to a predator gun-sight - it become translucent , give we a view of the pulsing facehugger inside . this do , a manipulator be carefully load several egg onto a pallet , which then sink into a hatchway in the floor . it 's a assembly - line of almost frightening mechanical efficiency . ext . space we see a pod eject from the mothership , rocketing away from the planet into deep space . the inference be obvious ; the predator be seed world with alien to hunt . int . predator mothership - viewing gallery the blue beam slide across one of the egg , and suddenly change to red , beeping rapidly . broken tusk see the flow display - tank alter from a rotate simulation of a alien warrior skull to a representation of a queen 's head . the manipulator arm swiftly grasp the egg in question and move it over to a protrusion on the floor . the cause the queen to go berserk , strain at she bond and shrieking ferociously . she 's obviously be through this before and know what 's about to happen . the protrusionsplits open , spilling out a intense white light : a energy - fill blast furnace . the manipulator claw open , the egg drop in , and be no more . int . predator mothership - live quarter a orange light play across a wall of skull , casting dark shadow into long - empty orb . broken tusk sprawl lizard - like across a flat slab of rock in the center of the room , inspect he formidable arsenal of weaponry . satisfied , he reach out to run a finger across the jaw of he alien trophy in a almost - erotic gesture . he regards it for a long moment as if come to a decision of some kind , before finally get to he foot . int . predator mothership - viewing gallery the light in the gallery be dimmer when broken tusk enter . he watch the cherry - red beam of the glide scanning mechanism lock onto one of the egg , then run he hand in sequence over the control board . the manipulator arm swing over , seize the egg and load it onto a wait pallet . broken tusk point he finger at the queen and make a guttural clicking SOUND from deep in he throat . the effect be not unlike that of a child fire a imaginary gun . as if read broken tooth 's thought , the queen lift she crest head upwards and emit a venomous hiss of contempt . ext . space in CENTER frame , the planet sit still and green , awash with nebulous cloud . a hulk metal form roll right -to-left across we view , sunlight glint from it 's surface . it 's a rectangular satellite - construction comprise of hundred of communication dish in a latticework of steel tub . we hear filter human voice o.s. subspace chatter . ext . ryushi station - midday imagine a world where every square mile be cover by a canopy of treetop foliage , and you have just draw yourself a picture of the planet ryushi . nestled amongst this lush rainforest be the yutani-templin Communications relay Station . several invert - 'u'-shape suspension crane paint bright yellow look down over a collection of preassemble building and roadway raise above the swamp on platform , much like a truncate oil-rig . a navigation beacon flash intermittently from a tall gantry tower above , while dominate the view be the sloping face of a communication array several storey high . off to one side of the platform be a gigantic many - wheeled haulage vehicle . a flock of bird - like creature fly past . int . ryushi station - command CENTER we be in the dark womb of a split - level command center alive with cluster of video readout , somewhat reminiscent of a futuristic air - traffic control tower . on the upper tier , a large circular holo - display currently project a image of the satellite we just see . thin trailer of paper flutter gently in the current come from the air conditioning duck , though bead of sweat still dot the forehead of the people man the consol here . we move in on cassie dollander and rob parson , two monitoring technician occupy a control bank . cassie listen carefully to something on she headset . cassie ah , negative on that request commercial freighter ' nan - shan ' . I have already get a inbound on that approach pend a beacon-fix . hold on my mark until I get back with some confirmation . rimward traffic Control out . she thumb a button and lean over to parson . cassie ( cont 'd ) how 's it look ? parson worriedly shake he head . parson that 's the second time I run it , and it still read the same . cassie better tell the boss . parson pull out a coin . parson toss you for it . int . ryushi station - executive office hiroko noguchi be sweat heavily , a black forelock of hair fall across she Oriental feature . her eye flicker warily from side - to - side as she hold the smooth length of the sword before she , try to assess from where the next attack will come . she do not have to wait long ; two ninja swordsmen drop to the floor in front of she , strike without hesitation . she expertly avoid the blow , parry relentlessly . a persistent tone begin to intrude o.s. , like a telephone ringing . she try to ignore it , but she concentration be clearly break . a third swordsman appear from out of nowhere , he sword swishing towards she chest . the blade plunge deep into she stomach , emerge from she back . she glance down in annoyed disbelief . hiroko fuck ! holo off . the swordsmen immediately flicker and disappear . she sheathes the sword with one precise movement and cross the wooden panele floor to she desk . mopping she face with a towel , she thumb a stud . the ringing tone stop , the corporate logo on she flat - screen desk panel replace with a black girl 's face . hiroko ( cont 'd ) noguchi . cassie ( o.s. , onscreen ) something just come up on deep Space track . hiroko what kind of ' something ' ? cassie ( o.s. , onscreen ) easier if you come down and look . hiroko I be on my way . ext . ryushi station - midday a eight - wheeled articulate crawler roll noisily through the rain , climb a access ramp lead from the swamp to the outpost 's empty main-street . a group of rhino - brown two -horn quadruped indigenous to ryushi - restlessly stir in they corral at it 's approach . the crawler 's pneumatics hiss gently as it come to a halt , while somewhere off in the distance a dog bark . don kamen , a lean man in he forty . climb down from the cab mount five foot above the ground and squint up at the main relay antenna . he adjust the cowboy hat on he head against the drizzle and cross the street towards one of the building , ignore a pepsi sign creaking in the gentle breeze . a glass - panele door swishes automatically open before he . int . ryushi station - command CENTER kamen step into the command center , nodd familiarly to the duty personnel . a long-haire labrador rush up to kamen , wag it 's tail . her name be brewster . she 's the base mascot . kamen reach down and ruffle it 's fur . he climb the few stair to the monitoring tier , pull the french -plait hair of annie urioste , a italian system - mechanic with she hand bury in a disassembled console . urioste you do not wipe you foot come in . kamen well , it 's okay . you do not tell I it be monsoon season go out . parson look up at kamen and grin . parson hey , bueno dias , cowboy . when d' you blow in ? kamen place he hat on parson ' head and thump it down . kamen just get back . miss anything ? urioste ( snort ) yeah . we be almost out of beer . parson ahh , do not pay any attention to urioste . she 's still piss that noguchi would not let she go off on you hunt trip . kamen pour himself a cup of coffee from a bubbling percolator . kamen be not my trip , I just do the drive . ' side , freezing my butt off out in the wet take pot-shot at the local wildlife be not my idea of a good time , either . he sip gingerly from the cup of scalding liquid . parson where would you leave they ? kamen camped out by the navi-beacon out on linson 's Range . they be make they own way back tomorrow . cassie Mars co go belly - up on the Dow Jones . kamen shit . when ? cassie yesterday . we get the Network feed from gateway ; it be the top story on ' sixty second ' . biggest market crash since twenty - four . kamen look ill . kamen Fucking great . I invest some money in they . cassie you win some , you loose some . kamen I lose them all , that 's why I be still out here on this rock . anything else you wanna ruin my day with ? cassie no , but I get something that might interest you . hiroko enter , pull on a leather jacket . hiroko what have you get ? kamen nod to she and receive a quick smile for he trouble . they turn to watch the display clear , replace with a computer simulation of the neighbor solar system . cassie a pair of incoming . they pop - up on the medium - range about thirteen twenty - four local time . parson we figure on it be a magnetic anomaly , but we run a back - trace just to make sure . cassie yeah . turn out they drop straight out of hyperspace . the simulation zoom in , revealing two unidentified object head towards the planet in the center of the display . Computer notation accompany they . cassie ( cont 'd ) curious thing be , the mass detector say they be too small to carry a deep -space drive . hiroko sound like a couple of escape shuttle . parson that 's what we think . hiroko have you get a update lloyd ' Almanac to cross-reff they through ? parson done it already . nothing match . cassie and if you think that be interesting , watch this ... hiroko watch the course of the two object simultaneously change . kamen Jesus . parson yeah , exactly . that be pre-programmed course adjustment you be look at . kamen tactical nuke , maybe ? everybody give he a quick look , but nobody say anything . it 's obviously not a appeal think . hiroko where be they head ? cassie we run a trajectory simulation . if they carry on along that path , it 's possible they will make intra-orbital insertion . there 's a great exhalation of breath , and everyone swap significant glance . hiroko seem worried . she scratch she forehead . hiroko I do not know what to make of this . get a copy of the telemetry relay back to Antarctica traffic Control . better alert the nearest rimcorp base , too . parson nod , suddenly serious . parson Fort Powell . what do we tell them ? hiroko just give they the fact . they can leap to they own conclusion . ext . linson be range - swamp - afternoon down here in the swamp , the trunk of magnificent tree terminate in gnarled root and disappear into watery murk , much like a Louisiana bayou . a group of attentive lemur -type creature suddenly bound for cover as a line of bullet thud into the wood nearby . second later , a loud humming noise intrude o.s. and a pair of manta-ray - shape hover - bike with sleek line and garnish decal slam into frame suspend two foot above the mire , they powerful turbine kick - up a swirl of spray . the two biker skid to a halt and watch the creature scatter . ackland and york - man who on Earth might be call " good 'ol boy " - be both riding one - hand ; powerful hi-tech rifle grip in the other . york ( yell ) you miss them , ackland ! ackland Little fucker move too fast . let 's do a sweep and catch them on the other side . york nod he head , pull he goggle down over he eye . the two bike roar off in pursuit . ext . linson be range - encampment - afternoon up on a mud-bank , at the base of a sturdy gantry tower with two blink blue light atop it , stand the camp . it look a little like a bedouin bivouac , but up - close we can see the techno-fitted detail . a hard - feature woman seat next to a solid - fuel burner sip from a mug , while she vietnamese counterpart be manually load large - caliber bullet into a belt - feed . they watch as ackland and york roar past whooping . minh scramble out of the way as a beer can lob by york clatter to the ground near he . minh crazy idiot . beauvais cup she drink with both hand , assess he . beauvais ahhh , they be just let off some steam ; do not let them get to you . ackland and York be not such bad guy when you get to know them . just a couple of weekend warrior ... she peer curiously at the clunky cartridge minh 's thumbing into the belt feed . on the ground next to he be a widebore weapon on a over - the-shoulder guidance mechanism . beauvais ( cont 'd ) Nice howitzer you have get there . minh thanks . beauvais good argument for gun-control . what be you go after , rhino ? minh Nah . I just wanna squeeze off a few round . ' side , they tag the rhino for the migration project , so they be protect . they will dock you a month 's pay for just mention it . he peer into the belt and blow out some dirt . minh ( cont 'd ) sure wish there be something on this planet with a bit of fight in it , though . ext . deep space against a sea of star , a small metal shape hurtle towards we , follow moment later by it 's identical twin . ext . ryushi station - big bertha - afternoon a strand of hiroko 's hair fall forward into she face , slick with rain . she brushes up at the miserable weather . she and kamen be stand on one of the twelve- foot - in-diameter wheel of the gargantuan haulage vehicle we see outside the base earlier . up on the side of the cab be paint a Nordic valkyrie with a impressive bustline , next to which be the legend ' big bertha ' . two mechanic , jan guttierez and kevin diller , watch kamen point something out to hiroko from the vantage point of kamen 's crawler park in the swamp nearby . kamen see that sheathing on the suspension ? eaten away . same thing with the pump on the base air purifier . the alga out here just be not good on this new plastic . hiroko we have not use Big bertha since we relocate the generator module . that be four month ago . I can not ask for they to keep bring spare in on the shuttle , it 's already cost too much as it be . kamen shrug . kamen if you want this thing keep in work condition , that 's the only choice you have get . diller lean in to murmur quietly to guttierez . diller maybe she would not be so tetchy if she get laid every once - in - a- while . guttierez you offer ? a buzzer inside the crawler go off . diller get up to answer . diller Nah . freeze my dick off . hiroko shake she head dubiously at kamen 's comment . hiroko I do not know . I think we will have to run it on a rota ; one month down , one month operational . diller lean out of the crawler 's cab and call across . diller miss noguchi ! you be want in admin . hiroko thanks . she turn back to kamen . hiroko ( cont 'd ) let I sort this out and we will go over the logistic in my office . int . ryushi station - command CENTER hiroko peer at the display with undisguise concern . a sense of urgency buzze around the room . hiroko ( cont 'd ) when ? cassie Seven minute ago , the third course change in a hour . that incoming be go to skim past the communication platform just a little too close for comfort . hiroko can we move it to a different orbit in time ? parson look up from he board in harassment . parson already work on it . hiroko get off a all - band emergency distress , and put it on a repeater . she meet kamen 's eye . hiroko ( cont 'd ) look like you be right . someone 's lob a pair of smart - missile at we . kamen shake he head . kamen relay station like we out in the middle of the boony ; why bother ? all you be gonna do be punch a temporary hole in the traffic control net . that would be small potato even for terrorist . parson and cassie be all - business at the control board . parson can you patch I a temporary loop on dcmg ? cassie okay , give I the number . she flip a switch . a nearby screen change to display a orbital path sketch out in rectangular neon block . ext . space a cluster of thruster rocket on one corner of the relay frame ignites , and the darken bulk of the satellite begin to move . ext . deep space the two pod roar towards we at immense speed . int . ryushi station - command CENTER the two blip on the holo-board represent the pod make a mark alteration in they course . parson they have change they head again . hiroko compensate ! parson punch I in a solution for they delta-vee . cassie what do you need ? parson a three - second burn to port , on my mark . cassie it 's on the board . ext . space frame against the green backdrop of ryushi , the predator pod rocket towards the communication platform . cassie pick up velocity . hiroko Match it ! a bead of sweat trickle down parson ' temple . parson not gonna make it ... ext . deep space the pod speed thunderously into camera , blotting out we view . int . ryushi station - command CENTER one of the two blip on the holo-display vanish , and three - quarter of the monitor abruptly turn to static . parson curse . parson goddammit ! he pull off he headset with weary resignation . parson ( cont 'd ) we have lose the downlink . it 's go . ext . space the mass of the satellite tumble end - over -end . a gape rent be tear through it ; something spark and flash within . the second pod accelerate off curving into the atmosphere . ext . linson be range - riverbank - dusk a sonic thundercrack boom overhead ; york look up in time to see a object sear across the dusk sky . he pull he bike to a stationary hover . york shit ! what 's that ? ackland have already dismounted as he watch the fireball hurtle to the ground . a booming echo resonate across the forest , follow by a few plaintive screech from the planet 's indigenous lifeform , before settling back into a eerie silence . ackland meteor , I guess . he raise a set of compact field binocular to he face . through they he see a thin haze of smoke rise from the treetop . ackland d' you feel any impact shock ? york ( uncertain ) not really . he lower the binocular and frown . ackland I either . I tell you , I use to be with a mining outfit on callisto , and when something like that hit ... believe I , you know about it . york do you wanna head back and call it in ? ackland ( hesitant ) I dunno ... I dunno . something about this feel funny . he look across at the plume of smoke snake off into the sky . ackland ( cont 'd ) that be the damndest impact I have ever see ... ext . linson be range - impact sight - dusk the earth around the crater-rim be char and crack ; some of the surround brush still aflame . a scorpion scuttle inquisitively to the edge of the pit and stop , it 's stinger twitching hesitantly . we hear a low hum , and the SOUND of metal-on-metal . before the scorpion can decide what to do , it 's fate be seal . a large metal claw come down , crush it in a instant . a second claw emerge , and a machine heave itself out of the hole , it 's surface smoking with heat . it pause for a beat like some giant tarantula seek prey , they move purposely outward about twenty yard before halting . a hatch on the underside open , and a complex delivery mechanism extend . after a moment there 's a low clunk , and the mechanism retract . in it 's place be a alien egg . the machine crawl off , vanish into the long reed . ext . ryushi station - night hiroko sit on the front wheel of kamen 's crawler , she knee pull up to she chin , stare off into a thin mist that make the night impenetrable . behind and above , the light of the crane and the communication array strobe on - and -off . above the bar on the main street be a flick neon sign erect after- the-fact , emblazon with the word " torchy be " . the muffled sound of merry-making from within become momentarily louder , and hiroko glance over to see it 's pressure - door crash back , disgorge several drunken people . kamen follow they through . he spot hiroko and head over . kamen hey , boss . wonder where you would get to . hiroko I just ... want to be put on my own for a while . clear my head . kamen do not feel like whoopin ' it up with the rest of we blue collar , huh ? she shake she head , and manage a smile . hiroko I have get a lot of think to do . ' side , the room be get too crowded for I . kamen not too much of the socialize type , then ? hiroko no , not really . more sort of the ' claustrophobic ' type . kamen laugh . hiroko be straight - face . hiroko ( cont 'd ) I be serious . that 's why I switch from orbit to planetary installation . kamen be that a fact . hiroko uh-huh . use to get it pretty bad . I would wake up in a cold sweat and want to claw open a vacuum hatch . kamen how long you be out here for now , anyway ? Three month ? hiroko four . kamen and before that ? hiroko six month stint on datus . kamen only six ? hiroko what be this ? ' twenty question ' ? kamen just curious . there 's a lot of talk go around . hiroko shrug . thinks about it . hiroko I do not know . I guess I have just never find anywhere I really feel at home . she hug she knee again , and suddenly look a whole lot more at ease . kamen spot a square glass balanced on one of the tire 's wide tread . kamen what be that ? hiroko Real man ' drink . she offer the glass to he . he take it and sniff cautiously . kamen seltzer ? hiroko want some ? kamen hand the glass back and raise he own bottle . kamen I will stick with my own . he sit with she and stare into the darkness . hiroko any luck raise ackland 's party ? kamen nothing . with the satellite down , we can not transmit over the mountain range . he 's most likely sit there wonder why he can not raise we . hiroko first light , we will take a chopper out there and tell they to head back . kamen ' we ' ? you wanna fly out there with I ? hiroko sure . do I good to stretch my leg . hiroko take a sip of she drink , she brow furrowing . hiroko ( cont 'd ) this whole thing 's get I spook . kamen hop off the wheel . kamen do not worry about it . if the Network go by the book , like everyone figure they will , a Marine gunboat from Powell will drop - by for a look - see in four- or- five day . they can go poke around out there and find whatever it be hit we . all we have gotta do be sit tight . hiroko do you think ackland will sit tight ? kamen there would have to be a helluva good reason for he not to . ext . space a peculiar blue scan beam play over the rotate mass of the incapacitate satellite , examine every section . it come to the rent tear through it , and pause . from the scanner' p.o.v. , we see the structure of the satellite make up from a series of blue geodesic shape . the damage register as a cold , black mass . the beam switch off and the hover predator shuttle turn smoothly on it 's axis , thrust towards the planet . ext . linson be range - impact site - night shaft of torch - light fan out above the thick foliage in the darkness . york and ackland wade through the chin-high reed , cursing . ackland found anything ? york look down at he data-stick , a handheld torch with a multi - purpose readout screen . york nada . no radiation ... no movement ... nothing . ackland well , just keep look . it 's gotta be ... whoa , Jesus ! ackland fall toward onto something , and york come run . york what be it ? ackland steady himself , and the two man shine they torch at the rhythmically - breathe shape on the ground . ackland it 's a rhino . york be it dead ? ackland no , it 's still breathe . kinda clammy though . be you sure you stick 's not break . york look at the data-stick again . york yeah , it 's fine . ackland God , I hope that thing do not bring down a virus . york I tell you we ... what 's that ? they torch beam pan across a three - foot high ovular shape . ackland look like a spore . fungus of some kind , maybe ? york bloody big if it be . top 's open . ackland step cautiously forward to shine he torch inside . york ( cont 'd ) careful ... there 's nothing inside . ackland look disappointed . ackland it 's hollow . think we rhino must have eat something that do not agree with he . a heavy gust of air blow unexpectedly across the clear with a banshee howl , ruffling they hair . york let 's get back and call this in . ackland wait a minute . york reluctantly follow ackland as he thrashes through the thinn ing foliage , come out at the rim of the impact crater . it 's beginning to partially collapse , water seeping in . york run he beam over something at the bottom of the shallow pit . york what be that ... be that metal fragment ? ackland 's maybe get a little nervous now . ackland this be very fuck weird . he see the churn earth , and the muddy trail lead off into the break foliage . ackland ( cont 'd ) it 's like something come out of the crater and go that way ... there 's a tiny click , and ackland look over to see york take the safety off he rifle . ackland wordlessly unshoulder he too . they step around the crater and warily follow the rag path to ... york another one ? ackland prod this second egg with he gun . ackland yeah . this 's close . there 's a crackling noise , and the top of the egg peel neatly open in four section . the two man jump back in alarm , and york laugh nervously . something organic be pulsing inside . ackland crane he neck forward for a better look ... there 's a explosion of movement . a spindly shape with a long segment tail launch itself jack - in- a- box - style at ackland . it 's a facehugger . ackland trip backwards , catch off-balance . his finger involuntarily squeeze the trigger of he rifle as he fall . a volley of shot describe and arc and light up the night with a percussive boom , and we ... CUT to ...a short distance across the clearing . something be watch they from the tree ; something with a heat-vision p.o.v. a predator . we see the flare of ackland 's gunshot , then SNAP in to see the multi - color from of he body toppling over , trail a purplish facehugger , before we ... CUT back to ... one of ackland 's bullet take a meaty chunk out of york 's thigh as he race forward to help he friend . the hugger 's tail be already around ackland 's throat , it 's finger scrabbling for purchase . york pull at one set of digit , and manage to raise they for just a instant . what we see be horrific ; the look of terror on ackland 's face , and the questing tendril on the hugger 's underside try to force it 's way between ackland 's lip . in a second , it 's all over ; the facehugger struggle free of york 's grasp , and clamp itself firmly on ackland 's face with a faint sucking SOUND . york shiver , then use he good leg to propel himself a few foot away . he watch the hapless teamster go rigid , then stop move altogether . york oh , God ; oh , shit ; oh , God . the facehugger 's tail slither tighter around ackland 's neck ; and as york quickly retrieve he rifle , we ... CUT to a predator - vision shot , watch the color-bloom of york drag ackland 's body away from the crater . it close in on the facehugger , give we a mute X - ray - type view of circulatory fluid pump around the hugger and into ackland . york 's limping badly , a dark stain blossoming on he baggy fatigue trousers . ackland 's not a small man , and the physical effort of haul he through the reed make he sweat profusely . there 's movement on the ground , and york see why ; one of the lemur have fall victim to another facehugger , which dwarf it 's small furry body . the hugger 's finger all ripple simultaneously as it strengthen it 's hold ; the movement akin to somebody drum they finger on a table - top . ext . linson be range - river bank - night as york haul ackland onto one of the bike , he hear a ticking SOUND from the tree , like a engine cool on a warm summer 's day . york clutches he rifle and stare upward . there seem to be a vague shimmering form in the bough of a tree . although it might be a trick of the light , he be not stick around to find out . york gun the bike to life and roar off above the swamp . ext . linson be range - impact site - night predator-vision . we be look at the site in colour : the cold blue of empty alien egg , and the warm red of just - breathe animal render inert the facehugger parasite . a group of predator appear in three - dimensional solidity , they camouflage cloak deactivate . the lead predator splashes across to the expose root of a tree and kneel down to examine a animal corpse curl up there . most of it have be madly mutilate by something erupting from inside it 's body . the predator look up and scan the swamp , ignore the swarm of fly buzzing in the air . predator-vision . this time , a oscillate line appear to the leave of we view , and a band sweep quickly across the screen synchronous to we hearing different level of SOUND static . this abruptly stop as the oscillate line begin to move in peak and valley . the predator be pick up radio wave . a human voice ; albeit grossly - distort . ext . linson be range - encampment - night we hear a rapid beeping ; movement - sensor set up on tripod to warn against intrude animal . the sound bring beauvais out of she tent , bleary - eye and fumble with she pistol . she 's suddenly wide awake when she see york 's hover - bike , light by the sensor ' flash red strobe . it skid to a halt against a mud-bank , send up a spray of silt . york climb off the bike and stumble , then start to unfasten the strap hold ackland 's body . beauvais Jesus Christ ! what happen ? york give I a hand with ack . she race over to help york ease ackland up . beauvais how bad be ... oh my God . as ackland be turn over , beauvias get she first look at a facehugger . she shy away , repulse . beauvais what be that ? york do not ... uuh ... do not know . help I ... uuh ... help I get he inside . shit ! york grit he tooth , but the leg injury be too painful . he slump slowly to the floor . beauvais ( yell ) Minh ! Minh , get out here ! int . tent - night a portable neon light in the tent flicker , casting staccato bluish light over ackland and the facehugger . minh and beauvais stare at it in horrify fascination , while york pull a tourniquet around he thigh . he wince . beauvais have you try prise it off ? york shake he head . york I want to get he back here ; get he back to base . minh forget it . we lose the satellite link . it 's dead . there 's a long pause while everyone consider the option . beauvais we have get no option . we be gonna have to get it off . minh oh man ... york get real , beauvais ! that thing might chew he fuck face off for all be know ! the motion sensor outside begin beeping again . minh catch beauvais ' head -jerk . beauvais Minh ... minh yep ... minh heft he ' howitzer ' and leave the tent . beauvais round on york , continue . beauvais how do you know it 's not already ? york I do not , but I think we should just wait and let the Doc take a look ... ext . linson be range - encampment - night minh walk towards a line of flash red strobe at the perimeter of the camp , the barrel of he weapon point casually forward . he study the surround darkness . there 's nothing out there . he shake he head in disgust . minh ( mutter ) take a goddamn wrench to that thing ... he thumb a stud on the top of the ' howitzer ' . there 's a gentle whine , and the hiss of hydraulic cylinder as the harness mechanism lift the weapon up . it dart quickly to - and - for ; a mechanical snake seek a target . we see minh 's hand in close up . in addition to the fire trigger , there 's also a thumb button . he squeeze it ... the gun swing sharply around in a blind movement , tracking something automatically . there 's a thunderous rumble as it fire - off three shot in rapid succession . something that be only yard from minh appear and be blow backwards to crash against a tree bole , a mass of luminous green liquid and motion . minh ( cont 'd ) ( dumbstruck ) God . minh watch the helmete predator fall face down into the water with a splash , then lie motionless . york and beauvais be out of the tent in a instant . predator-vision . Three human ; in motion and ' hot ' . the triangular mechanism of the predator 's gun lock onto minh . a blast of plasma-energy rip a gape hole through minh 's body , spraying blood across york . he topple dead to the ground , a look of pain surprise on he face . beauvais be there immediately , racing across and scrabbling for the ' howitzer ' . she do not have time to take the harness off - she just slide she finger through the trigger guard and start squeezing off random shot . the air shimmer as a unseen shape race at she . there 's a loud swish of slide metal , and a telescopic spear appear out of thin air . it slam through beauvais ' body , lift she off the ground and impale she against a tree . york watch in horror as beauvais ' arm thrash around . a moment later she struggle cease , and she would drop to the floor like a break marionette . there 's a crackling SOUND , and the hazy air around beauvais disappear . in it 's place be a predator , a luminous green patch trickle from a wound on it 's arm . it 's head flick around as it zeroe - in on york , the three red dot of the predator 's cannon follow suit . york 's quick though , already up and run when the plasma bolt explode into the tree despite the pain in he leg . his option be limited . the hover- bike be nearby . he sprint for that and he luck hold ... the key 's still in the ignition . he flip it . the engine cough and then die . york look up . the wounded predator bound across the clear at frighten speed . york turn the key again , but the predator 's almost upon he . the creature whip a ornately - shape lance from it 's back and thrust it ... just as the engine roar to life and the hover - bike rise from the mud ! the blade slice into the bike 's body and jam there , while one of it 's manta - wing smack into the predator 's jaw , send it reeling backwards into the swamp . york swivel the bike on it 's axis as another plasma-bolt rip into the rear , melting away a sizable chunk of the bodywork . he see a predator hand from a tree , and the shimmering of two more predator in they camouflage nearby . he 's not stick around to argue though . york jam the throttle hard and the bike shoot off into the bayou as more cannon - blast blossom around he . the group of predator appear in the camp and cautiously survey the area . the lead predator - the one with the distinctive armor - cross to the tent and open the entry flap . int . tent - night predator-vision . the extraterrestrial hunter scrutinize the pulsing facehugger on ackland for a long moment , but take no further action . ext . linson be range - encampment - night we pan slowly across the desert campsite . there be not a soul there , human or otherwise . the wind whistle eerily through the tree-bough . ext . rainforest airspace - dawn first light the next day , the sun rise on the horizon . a ' chopper ' - actually a twin-turbine heli-jet - fly in low above the veil of mist hang over the treetop . int . chopper - dawn the cockpit be small , a two - seater with room for cargo in the back . kamen 's in the pilot seat , and hiroko 's riding shotgun . the control move by themselves , on autopilot . a repetitive beeping cause kamen to look up from he magazine . kamen' p.o.v . from out of the window of the ' chopper ' , we see the twin blue light of the navigation beacon blink on - and - off above the tree . kamen nudge hiroko awake . kamen wake up . we be at the beacon . he switch the control over to manual and take the chopper down . hiroko rub the sleep from she eye . ext . linson be range - encampment - dawn twin searchlight on the underside of the descend chopper sweep across the clear . the encampment have be wreck , much of be reduce to a twisted tangle of smoking debris . all - terrain gear lower from the chopper , as it make a watery landing in the swamp . int . chopper - dawn kamen and hiroko stare at the site in disbelief . kamen haul a automatic pulse-rifle from the rear . kamen look like trouble . kamen reach under the pilot 's seat and pull out a hand -pistol . pass it to she . kamen ( cont 'd ) use one of this before ? hiroko coolly examine it . hiroko fabrique nationale tactical autoloader . use twelve mill hollow ' o ' round , with through the barrel smart laser-sight . sure , I can handle this . hiroko 's show -boat and kamen know it , but he still can not help be a little bit impressed . kamen okay . watch be you point it ... ext . linson be range - encampment - dawn the two of they pick they way across mangle tripod and char canvas . part of the bivouac have collapse - one of the guide rope have burn through . hiroko ( quietly ) somebody pick a argument . kamen yeah . somebody win . hiroko check out the tent . kamen nod and head off that way , while hiroko carefully inspect the wreckage dot around the perimeter . int . tent - dawn kamen open the tent flap and peer inside . ackland 's on the cot , sweat heavily . there be no sign of the facehugger . ext . linson be range - encampment - dawn across the clear , hiroko turn a piece of char plate over in she hand before discard it . her foot slip on a object sink into the soft mud . it 's minh 's ' howitzer ' . a dark slippery patch coat the metal . she crouch down and rub she finger through it . blood . kamen 's voice intrude , o.s . kamen ( o.s. ) I have find ackland ! hiroko hold on ... she begin to cross the camp , and she foot catch on a taut length of rope . something swing down from the tree , hit she squarely in the face and knock she off she foot . hiroko cry out in fear and surprise , then freeze at what she see . two bloody body dangle head - first from the bough overhead ; beauvais and minh . each have be skinned and be beyond recognition . kamen hear she exclamation and be out of the tent in a instant . he stop in he track . kamen Jesus palomino ... ext . ryushi station - heli - jet pad - morning it 's raining again at the base . under cover of a overhang , hiroko watch as ackland be trundle away from the ' chopper ' on a paramedic trolley by guttierez and doc revna , a indian woman in she late thirty . as kamen slam the ' chopper 's side door , we see that hiroko have leave she leather jacket on the passenger seat . kamen run after revna clutching a clear plastic bag . kamen wait a minute , Doc ... he hand the bag over to revna . she peer at the content curiously . the facehugger be inside , stiff and shrivel . revna be this it ? kamen yeah . found it curl up in a corner of the tent . any idea ? revna shake she head . revna never come across one of this before . maybe the original survey team do . I will run it through record and see what come up . guttierez check that ackland 's body 's secure on the trolley . kamen rap he on the back to get he attention . kamen hey , Jan . see if you can get someone to check out the chopper . guttierez what 's the problem ? kamen she be run a little sluggish on the way back . think the turbine might be play up . guttierez give I twenty minute and I will do it myself . kamen appreciate that . revna interrupt . revna where be the body ? hiroko bag and in the back . they be not a pretty sight . ackland be wheeled into a freight elevator . as kamen and hiroko walk away across the rain -swept platform , a shimmering from detach itself from the rear of the chopper and lower itself to the heli- jet pad . predator-vision . a newly -arrive predator scan the tower and module of the relay - station with great interest . a oscillate red line appear to the left of the shot as the predator analysis hiroko 's voice - pattern . predator ( o.s. , distort ) not a pretty sight . not a pretty sight ... he reach down to he wrist computer and activate it . ext . linson be range - impact sight - day under the cathedral - like light filter through the tree above , a row of metal spike have be drive into the earth . four be top with still - smoking alien skull . two and empty . predator-vision . a newly decapitate alien head be turn around in another predator 's hand in admiration . this predator thrust he trophy onto the next spike , then stare at the vacant one for a long moment . his wrist computer bleep for attention ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER with nothing to do , most of the screen be out and the remain personnel bored . parson be read a magazine with he foot up on the console , uninterested in hiroko and kamen 's conversation nearby . hiroko I be go to need you to co-sign the report . until we come up with something , this will be treat as first degree murder . kamen agreed . hiroko when we get the link back , and I send this in , i.c.c . will throw a fit . kamen ah , do not worry about i.c.c . they be the least of you problem right now . hiroko what do you mean ? urioste walk up , very serious . she interrupt . urioste sorry . can I have a word ? hiroko sure . what 's up ? urioste Three - Pump fail a half -hour ago . the alga must have clogge up a intake duct . kamen think I speak too soon ... hiroko again ? how long before we start notice the difference ? urioste I reckon it will be another day before the smell get unbearable . beauvais usually fix it , but ... ah ... hiroko know what she mean . beauvais be dead . hiroko can you handle it ? urioste sure , I can manage . but I be not go into the pit on my own . hiroko ( to urioste ) alright , get somebody from the auto-shop . ( to kamen ) be that alright ? kamen yeah , no problem . ask diller , he 's good with he hand . urioste exchange a grin with cassie . cassie I will go along with that . a shrill trilling from he console communicator make parson leap up to answer . parson parson . ( long beat ) yeah . hold on . int . ryushi station - infirmary a close up of a eye , bright blue and dilate . doc revna 's shine a hand - hold light into ackland 's face . ackland 's regain consciousness , but be far from happy . he 's sit on the edge of a cot in the base infirmary , a antiseptic room full of automated medical equipment . the autodoc be suspend from the ceiling nearby , a circular cluster of sophisticated manipulator arm tip with cut blade and surgical paraphernalia . ackland hey , c'mon Doc , I feel fine . really . revna flick off the probe . revna headache ? dehydration ? ackland the head 's okay , but I could sink a six - pack . revna forget that . I want you off alcohol for at least seventy - two hour . I have get some toxin build - up test still to run . revna shake she head and turn to kamen . revna ( cont 'd ) he 's break a fever that would kill a mule , but if he say he 's alright I be prepare to believe he . he 's all yours . hiroko enter . she watch from behind kamen . kamen what happen out there , ack ? ackland ( consternate ) what do you mean , ' what happen ' ? what be I do back here ? where 's York ? hiroko ( insistent ) what 's the last thing you can remember ? ackland think hard . ackland we ... watch a meteor hit over linson' . hiroko and kamen exchange significant glance . hiroko a meteor ? ackland yeah , it impact really off . we go out to the crash-site ... and ... uh ... that 's ... that 's all . kamen nothing else ? ackland no . kamen turn to revna . kamen show he ' fido ' . revna pull out a cylindrical glass stasis tube from a wall rack . she hand it to ackland . he study the dead facehugger float inside with morbid fascination . revna Ring any bell ? ackland try hard to think , but it 's as if a wall 's slam down hard on he mind . ackland not really , no . Ugly little sonuvabitch . what be it ? kamen we think you might be able to tell we . I find it by you cot at the camp . you be out cold . ackland what do York say ? hiroko York 's vanish . ackland vanish ? hiroko beauvais and Minh be dead , ackland . York 's go awol , unless you can help we go some way toward disprove we suspicion , he 's the prime suspect right now . the news hit ackland hard . he falter and lean back , address revna . ackland can I ... um ... have some water ? please ? revna sure . she go to fetch a cup . int . ryushi station - commissary it 's lunchtime , and the SOUND of machinery steaming food mix with the chatter of the twenty - or- so personnel eat there . hiroko and kamen be deep in conversation across a table . kamen do you believe he ? hiroko ackland ? I do not know he well enough to say . if we be back on Earth we could run he though a aldhoven test and find out for sure . there 's not much we can do out here . kamen stare hard at she . that 's not much of a answer , and hiroko know it . she capitulate . hiroko ( cont 'd ) alright then , for what it 's worth ... yes , I do . kamen dig appreciatively into a container of food with he fork . kamen you should try this seasoned stuff . it 's good . guttierez approach the table carry something . guttierez get a present for you . he hand hiroko 's leather jacket over to she . hiroko oh , I have be look for this ! where be it ? guttierez you leave it in the chopper . oh , and before I forget , Don ? I run that test you want on the turbine . kamen and ...? guttierez and , nothing . they check out just fine . ext . ryushi station - platform - afternoon a metal rail surround the perimeter of the platform . diller lean against it down by the access ramp , smoking a cigarette and idly blow ring into the air . brewster prick up she year and begin to quietly snarl . diller glance down at she curiously . diller what 's the matter , girl ? you smell something ? now the rhino be restless too . cassie walk across the concrete roadway to join they . cassie rhinos look a little antsy , brewster stop snarl and progress onwards to full - fledge barking . diller yeah . never seem them act like this before . predator-vision . cassie and diller be ' warm ' , but the rhino be brewster be ' hotter ' still . they voice and brewster 's bark be filter to the point of unrecognizability , eerily distort . cassie 's the first to hear the SOUND . cassie do you hear that ? diller straighten up , look out into the surround tree . it 's a faint hum , get louder every second . diller yeah ... a hoverbike appear , trail smoke from one of it 's turbine intake as it hurtle towards the base . halfway between the tree and the ramp , it clip a fall log and spin end - over -end . it 's rider fly through the air and hit the swamp face - first . diller and cassie race down the ramp with brewster yelping excitedly in the lead . cassie I do not believe it . diller splashes through the swamp and pull the limp body out of the mire . it 's york . blood have cake around he wounded leg . diller he look in a bad way . help I get he up to infirmary . cassie wait a minute ... something else have catch cassie 's eye . a " something " almost two metre in length protrude from the rear of the wreck hoverbike . grasp the haft firmly , she work it free . cassie examine the predator spear , and slowly shake she head . cassie ( cont 'd ) Holy Mary ... predator-vision . the conceal hunter watch as the colorise human curiously turn the weapon over in she hand . int . ryushi station - infirmary revna sit at a desk and peer into a microscope . every so often she grunt in satisfaction and type something into she computer terminal . the stasis tube contain the dead facehugger stand to one side of the computer screen . the infirmary be very quiet , and only the gentle throb of the air-condition intrude . ackland toss uncomfortably on he cot . he finally sit up and massage he chest . ackland oh. oh God ... revna lower she pen and look across . revna what be it ? ackland it 's nothing , doc. just a ... touch of indigestion ... something . revna do you want a tablet ? ackland wince in pain . his breathe 's get heavy . he nod . ackland uh-huh . revna get up swiftly and cross to a automated pharmacy . ackland 's beginning to cough now . revna that sound nasty . I will give you a couple of demazine . ackland nod again . his coughing have deeppen , and now he 's bang he chest with a ball fist . revna hurry over with three red tablet and a disposable cup of water . ackland take they gratefully and gulp they down . the effect be almost immediate ; ackland quieten and a appreciative smile come to he pale lip . revna ( cont 'd ) better ? ackland yeah ... before he have a chance to elaborate , ackland cough once more . a thin spray of blood and saliva dot revna 's white smock and speckles she cheek . ackland 's scrabbling finger grab she lapel as he begin to hyperventilate . she pull away , drag he from the bed in the process . he fall to the floor , he moan grow in volume . revna hold on , it 's alright . I be gonna give you a shot ... her finger tremble as she clumsily examine a tray of surgical instrument . she find a pneumatic spray-injector , fully charge with a vial of amber liquid attach . ackland scream and fall backwards onto the floor , he hand claw at the air . revna fumble with the injector control and give he a blast in he upper arm . ackland convulse once then go still , he eye stare fixedly at the ceiling . the infirmary be deathly quiet once again . we hear a gentle cracking , like twig be snap . revna watch in horrify fascination as a pool of blood spread swiftly outward across the floor from below ackland 's corpse . revna shudder as the body move a little , then be roll over by something underneath it . what she sees . ackland 's body slump forward onto it 's front , revealing a gape cavity in he back . bit of spine and ribcage be just visible . a chestburster - the second stage of the alien lifeform - pull itself clear and wipe red gunk from it 's body with a pair of still - underdeveloped arm . around it 's head be a distinctive nascent crest . it kick away from ackland with a powerful push from it 's leg , quickly gain balance . after a moment appraise it 's new environment , it stalk off behind a table . revna think quickly . she leap forward and thump a large red stud next to the pressure - door , which promptly rumble close . the room be bath in pool of shadow . plenty of hide space for the creature . revna hear break glass , make she start . she cautiously edge over to the autodoc and look up into the forest of probe-arm . there 's a wick look blade there , the kind use in major surgery . revna reach up and twist the base ; it detach easily . now she 's armed . stoop over , she begin to stalk the chestburster ... there 's a flurry of movement , and suddenly the hunter become the hunt . the chestburster vault from the table at she with a shrill shriek , and revna blindly swing she make - shift knife in defense . we hear a sizzle like fry bacon ... int . ryushi station - infirmary corridor hiroko sprint down the corridor and reach the infirmary . diller , cassie , and a few other be crowded around outside . york lay unconscious on one of the medical trolley next to the door , make access difficult . above they , a hinge flap on the wall lie open revealing a circular mechanism beneath . brewster scratch at the bulkhead and whine . muffled thump come from within . hiroko what happen ? diller York just turn up outside . we be try to get he into infirmary . hiroko ( astonished ) York ... hiroko lean over to examine he , but a particularly loud crash from within the infirmary distract she . hiroko ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? cassie the door 's seal from inside . Doc revna 's in there , and it sound like ackland 's go nut . hiroko Force the door . diller can not . it 's pressure seal . guttierez race up and hand diller a wrench with a shape tip . guttierez here ... diller thanks . he insert the end into the open flap and pull hard , the physical effort show on he face . the door grind open about eight inch ... the bloody chestburster force itself through the narrow gap , hissing vehemently . yellow fluid well from a wound in it 's crest skull , dissolve everything it come into contact with . the small group gather around fall back in panic , jarring york 's trolley and knock hiroko to the floor . brewster bark at the chestburster , which tense as if to leap . diller bring the wrench down , but the chestburster evade he blow and take flight . it strike at hiroko , who reflexively draw she head back and escape with nothing more than a light scratch to the cheek . the alien disappear down the corridor , leave a trail of smear blood and a series of acidic pit which melt the grillework flooring . guttierez bend down and help hiroko to she foot . shock , she mutter something to herself in japanese , and regains some of she composure . hiroko get after it , do not let it get away ! diller stand there with the metal bar . do she think he 's nut ? hiroko ( cont 'd ) go on ! this galvanise diller . he race off in pursuit . hiroko ( cont 'd ) Jan , give I a hand over here . hiroko and guttierez try to force the door , but diller be right - it will not budge . hiroko slip she arm through the gap and fumble around blindly . she must have hit the control knob , because the door slide back . cassie look inside . cassie oh my God ... she turn away and retch . hiroko step through and go pale . there be blood -smear over everything , and it 's all guttierez can do to stop brewster from get in there . int . ryushi station - command CENTER parson ' finger trace a path along a set of computer schematics display on a suspend glass screen . parson it leave a melt trail on the deck all the way down to here ... hiroko what be that ? diller secondary fluidic shunt for the sewage system . I find the grate rip right off . the little fucker be strong . hiroko where do that lead to ? parson Central pump . all the waste get treat , break -down , and flushed out into the swamp . if it want a quick exit then it really luck - out . hiroko you have check that end ? guttierez not yet , no . hiroko do it . I do not want that thing on my installation . I want it catch and destroy . kamen cornere it should not be a problem . each part of this station be basically a self - sufficient deep - space transport module run off external coupler . if we disconnect they and seal off every section , we have get a ceiling of about thirty - six hour on internal power . that should give we ample time to find it . hiroko alright . pull some tracker and headsets out of store , and I will sign a release for the weapon . cassie , organise a team roster and put it on the board . cassie nod soberly . hiroko look at everybody , and she word be carefully choose . hiroko ( cont 'd ) I do not care how you kill this thing , just be careful not to get in it 's way when it bleed . you all see what happen to Doc revna . there be nod of agreement and general enthusiasm all round . hiroko ( cont 'd ) nobody wander off on they own until it 's find . keep in pair . diller , once the first team 's do they sweep I want you to go down with Annie to Three - Pump while she replace it . diller okay . hiroko one final point . killing this sonuvabitch ought to be a reward in itself . however , just to add a little incentive ... I be authorize a hefty bonus in the next pay - packet for whoever do . this seem to appeal to that assemble there . there 's a palpable buzz in the air . hiroko ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's get to it . New York rule apply . int . ryushi station - executive office york be recount he story to kamen and hiroko in a hushed voice . small bead of sweat stand out on he forehead and he eye be haunt by remembrance . the man 's a mess . york ... I mean , this ... this mother be ... be huge . they look like bushmen , but they have all this hi-tech shit strapped all over them . they must have waste beauvais and Minh inside thirty second . Minh get off a couple of shot from that cannon of he , but he might as well have be use a B - B gun . I do not know how the hell I make it out of there alive . he nod toward the predator spear in hiroko 's hand . york ( cont 'd ) the one I clipped with the hoverbike shove that at I . whatever it 's make of , it go straight through a double - layer of honeycomb polyalloy composite like it be butter . york shake he head in fear . york ( cont 'd ) I do not wanna ever come up against that thing again . ever . kamen clap the man on the shoulder to reassure he . kamen do not worry about it , yorkie . you be safe now . go get come rest . york nod . he get to he foot and leave the room . hiroko wait until the door slide shut behind he . hiroko so , what do you think ? kamen what do I think ? I think if that Marines from Powell do not shift they butt get here , we be gonna get catch up to we neck in the middle of something we should not . ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk it 's late , and the base 's exterior lighting cast yellow pool of light across the metal and concrete thoroughfare . guttierez and do vry - a tough -look afrikaan woman with a think accent - look uneasily about they . another group of people with tracker and gun be search around in the background . nearby , the vertical yellow column of a suspension - crane gantry tower high above . do vry c'mon , man . one more sweep . guttierez one more sweep ... one more sweep . I be get tired of one more fuckin ' sweep . we be be lookin ' for this thing for three day now , and find zip . do vry ah , quit gripe . keeps you in shape do not it ? guttierez hey ! I be in shape before we start do this . do vry pause , listen to the sound from the surround forest . do vry listen to that ... guttierez cock he head and listen . he have no idea what she mean . guttierez listen to what ? do vry that 's what I mean . this be the quietest I have ever hear it . it 's unnatural . guttierez shiver in the wind as he look out into the impenetrable blackness beyond the confines of the base . guttierez De vries ? do vry yeah ? guttierez next time you have a think like that ? keep it to yourself . brewster the dog stare in fascination at the rhino through the meshwork fence of they pen . the animal move around in agitation . not at she , but at something else ... do vry something spook the rhino ? guttierez I dunno . ext . ryushi station - swamp level - dusk predator-vision . the rhino 's , the dog , and the two human can be see way above on the platform 's edge , bright red . indistinct inside they camouflage cloak , the small group of predator wade carefully through the water towards the base of the installation . int . ryushi station - pump room darkness . diller and urioste 's voice hear o.s. in hushed tone . the scraping of metal-on-metal . diller what be that ... be that it ? urioste no. I ... think that 's a regulator valve . hold on . there 's more noise . urioste ( cont 'd ) ah , get it ...! about a dozen fluorescent strip ringing the small circular chamber illuminate . Three other flicker erratically , one of they remain unlit . diller wave the tracker cautiously around and keep he pulse - rifle level . he enter , follow by urioste . she 's carry a portable - but bulky - piece of machinery . urioste be you get anything ? diller ( sarcastic ) yeah , eyestrain . what 's with the light ? urioste they be always like that . head - Office be real cheap when it come to spare . Wave that thing in the corner ... diller sweep the tracker carefully around . the small screen register nothing . diller the room 's clean . urioste great . urioste pull at a two - piece hexagonal grate set in the center of the floor . it 's heavy and thick with grease , but she do not seem to mind . below it be what look like a round metal plug . recessed into its surface be a lever next to a central pressure valve , with handhold on either side . she turn the lever . there 's a loud clunk , and a plume of steam jets out of the valve . urioste ( cont 'd ) give I a hand with this . grunting , the two of they pull the thick metal plug clear of the pit . murky water sloshes around below . urioste pull a second lever , and hide pump make the water level drop rapidly . urioste ( cont 'd ) pass I over that tripod , will you ? lean against the wall behind diller be a sturdy metal tripod top with a block - and - tackle arrangement . a hook dangle below this , it 's thick metal cabling go up through the block - and - tackle and connect to the drum of a small industrial winch attach securely to the wall . diller hand the tripod over to urioste . she splay the leg apart and insert they tip into match hole around the open pit . ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk guttierez and do vry walk over to the rhino pen , brewster pull at she leash . guttierez frown at what he see . all the rhino be nervously huddle together in the far corner . guttierez that 's real peculiar behavior . do vry finger a rough metal edge . do vry hey , guttierez ? guttierez what ? do vry take a look at this . guttierez move over for a closer look . there 's a tear hole in the meshwork , just big enough for a rhino to squeeze through . blood and fragment of skin coat the edge of the gap . guttierez one of them must have escape . do vry that 's impossible , man . this fence be high -tensile . the break tolerance would stand up to the strain of a rhino , easy . I know , I put it up . guttierez shine the flashlight along the deck . a trail of smear blood run all the way to the perimeter . the surround fence have be buckle and twisted . they cross to it and look down at the swamp . the torch beam sparkles on the murky water far below . guttierez there 's no way a rhino would survive that drop . do vry goldsmith 's gonna be plenty piss at lose one of she baby . guttierez that 's a fact . guttierez ' tracker start to bleep . he raise it excitedly . guttierez ( cont 'd ) whoa , wait a minute ... do vry what ? guttierez just get a read ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER most of the light in admin be off , and the room 's desert . parson be seat away from he usual station at a console top by ten monitor screen , each display a securi-cam picture . he look tired . kamen come up behind he carry two mug of coffee . kamen how 's it go ? parson yeah , ' good even ' to you , too . he take the coffee gratefully and sip at it . parson ( cont 'd ) today 's party 's finish they sweep , the relief team 's out there now . everybody else be either asleep or run shift in the auto-shop . kamen you should hit the sack , too . parson Nah , I will stick it out for another hour or so . kamen what time 's sundown ? parson ' Bout five minute . kamen give I a yell be something happen . parson you get it , cowboy . ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk guttierez sweep the tracker slowly around , and brewster begin to gently snarl . do vry pull on the dog 's leash to quieten she . guttierez it 's up there somewhere ... he shoulder he rifle . guttierez ( cont 'd ) come on . a metal ladder run up the side of one of the base building . guttierez cross to it and start to climb the first few rung . do vry what ? be you nut ? just the two of we ? guttierez I have see this mother , De vries . we can bag it , no problem . do vry forget it , man . guttierez c'mon De vries . think of the bonus . do vry fuck the bonus . I hate height . you would not get I up there even if it be not night . guttierez start to climb the ladder . do vry what the hell be you do ? guttierez hey , fair enough . if you will not come , I will handle it myself . do vry run she finger through she hair in frustration . come to a decision counter to what she want to do ... do vry wait a minute ! guttierez stop climb . do vry ( cont 'd ) alright , okay . look ... guttierez what ? do vry I will come with you . brewster bark . she drag the dog over to a metal stanchion and tie the leash around it . do vry ( cont 'd ) but I be go first ... guttierez anything you say , mammacitta . she climb around guttierez and begin to ascend the ladder . brewster whimper and plaintively bark after they . ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - dusk the rooftop be dark , mysterious . piece of retrofitted junk can be see in silhouette , edge in light from way below . do vry and guttierez carefully step over the threshold . they speak in whisper . do vry careful of that edging there ... guttierez yeah , I get it . although we have a outstanding view of the night light of the base up here , the immediate gloom be impenetrable . do vry where 's that flashlight ? by way of a answer , a powerful ray cut a swathe through the air . do vry take the torch from he and shine it on the ground . circular extractor fan rotate quietly in the gloom . do vry ( cont 'd ) still get he ? guttierez it 's move slow . about ... eleven metre . on the leave . do vry play the flashlight across the rooftop . guttierez ( cont 'd ) Little bit further ... the beam come to rest on a protrude piece of apparatus . a short - range antennae , about seven foot wide . guttierez ( cont 'd ) yeah , yeah , yeah . right there , right behind the antennae . I think we be get it cornere ... ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk hiroko bend down to inspect a small plastic grate fitte flush with the roadway . the break grillework be melt outward . kamen and two other man - caldwell and thomas - stand behind . thomas the door to the food storage locker be smashed open . it must have come straight out of here . hiroko yawn . hiroko alright . keep you eye peel . she voice she concern to kamen . hiroko ( cont 'd ) if it get out of the system , it could be anywhere . ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - dusk it 's very quiet , and we can hear the nervous breathing of guttierez and do vry as they cautiously stalk forward . guttierez hold it , hold it ... do vry what 's wrong ? guttierez I be pick up another signal . do vry look around , unnerve . do vry what ? where ? guttierez just behind we , over to the right . do vry shine she beam over the surface of the yellow crane to they rear , shifting she attention to - and - for from it and the antennae . do vry can not see a thing . be you sure ? guttierez yeah , I ... the second blip on the small screen abruptly vanish . guttierez ( cont 'd ) wait . lose it . do vry how ? guttierez I dunno . might be a glitch . from behind the metal disc there come a shuffling SOUND , follow by a metallic thunk . this get they attention . the two of they halt in they track . do vry oh , man . that 's no glitch ! guttierez it 's alright , it 's cool ... do vry be it still move ? guttierez no , he 's stop ; he 's totally still . just take it nice and easy , babe . Nice and easy ... a small many - limb shape hurl itself from the confines of it 's hide place with a feral shriek . do vry yelp in surprise , and loose off a spray of bullet . ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk hiroko look up , startle by the sound of gunfire . she see the rooftop of one of the building module light by tracer fire . brewster 's tethere nearby , barking furiously . int . ryushi station - pump room - pump shaft a think metal cable connect to she jacket harness suspend urioste in the gloom of the Pump shaft . in front of she be a machine - part we see she carry earlier . with the strap of a flashlight clench in she mouth , she 's just finish up bolt the part to the larger piece of machinery in a alcove , with simultaneously do she best not to touch the wall which be cover by a thin layer of gunge . the report of do vry ' weapon can be hear even down here , perhaps more startling in the confine space . urioste jump , drop the flashlight into the water in the process . int . ryushi station - pump room diller turn away from the winch and peer into and beyond the access tunnel lead outside . urioste 's voice float up out of the shaft . urioste ( o.s. , muffle ) what be that ? diller ( raise he voice ) something outside ... ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - dusk the wind whip at guttierez as he blink away he shock . guttierez Holy shit ... do vry keep she torch beam on the move shape . it halt by the edge of the roof , and stare at they . do vry oh , nice go , man ! it be a lemur ! a goddamn lemur ! guttierez ' radio headset crackle to life . hiroko ( o.s. , on headset ) guttierez , what the hell 's go on up there ? guttierez uh ... sorry about that , boss . everything 's fine . false alarm , that 's all . do vry glance around the rooftop , annoyed . do vry hey , look ; let 's forget it . there 's nothing up here . predator -vision . do vry in close - up , glow brightly . her voice replay and distort . predator ( o.s. ) nothing up here . nothing up here . int . ryushi station - pump room - pump shaft urioste 's flashlight bob up - and -down on the water below , still light and well out of reach . urioste ( disgustedly ) shit . diller ( o.s. , muffle ) what 's the matter ? urioste I have drop my torch into the water . give I about ... uh ... a meter - and - a-half 's worth of slack . diller ( o.s. , muffle ) okay . int . ryushi station - pump room diller cross to the wall - mount winch . on the mechanism 's side be a luminous digital counter give the current cable depth in meter . he pull a throw -switch , and the display slowly change from " 8 " to " 9.5 " as the cable feed out . int . ryushi station - pump room - pump shaft urioste descend the dingy shaft , partially abseil off the wall . her foot almost tread water . she 's down as far as she can go . urioste ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa ... int . ryushi station - pump room urioste 's voice echoe up out of the pit . urioste ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. , muffle ) that 's enough . diller lock the winch -switch back into it 's ' up ' position . the whine of the cable - feed stop immediately . int . ryushi station - pump room - pump shaft urioste stretch out to the float lamp , flex she finger . it 's ... just ... about ... in ... reach ... six slender finger explode from beneath the water 's surface and clamp like a vise around urioste 's wrist . a sleek eyeless head follow , trail a body straight out of a charnel - house nightmare . a scream form in she throat , rapidly cut - off as the alien 's other hand clamp firmly over she mouth , jerk she downward . int . ryushi station - pump room diller whirl in response to the choked cry from below . he see the winch tripod above the shaft rattle , the cable go taut as a angler 's line . the wall - mount drum be yank so hard the lever leap from it 's ' clamp ' position , freely unspool cable at a frightening rate . the digital counter flicker rapidly ; " 11 ... 11.5... 12...12.5...13 ... " diller watch the tripod 's tubular leg buckle and collapse under the tremendous strain . he scramble for the winch - lever and only just manage to lock it firmly into place ; the over-stress cable vibrate with a low metallic twang as it hit the shaft 's edge . diller 's moment of satisfaction be short - live ; the deep -sunk bolt attach the mechanism to the wall be pull outward by the colossal force from below . he leap aside , avoid the heavy piece of machinery as it hurtle towards he . watch it disappear noisily into the conduit . diller Annie ! diller 's quivering finger grope for he flashlight . diller ( cont 'd ) Annie ! he feverishly reach the shaft 's edge and peer into the darkness . what he sees . the torchbeam pick out the biomechanical form of the alien emerge from the sewage and effortlessly climb the shaft wall towards he . recoil in horror , he make a run for the door . half - way there he remember he pulse-rifle and dive to the floor , grasp it just as the alien reach the top . diller fumble with the safety and give the creature a full blast on rock - and -roll , blasting it back into the pit . ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - dusk guttierez and do vry hear the gunfire from below . guttierez the hell be that ? predator-vision . the predator 's gaze snap away from the two human and down onto the platform below . he watch the infra-re shape of other people run towards the source of the shot ... int . ryushi station - pump room diller 's on he foot and shakily head for the exit as another alien 's claw emerge from the expose hole . he race across the threshold and slam the thin inner door close . ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk in a hand -held shot we be run with hiroko 's group along the narrow catwalk bridge the roadway to the Pump room , kamen take the lead . diller sprint out of the building like a bat out of hell and collide with he . kamen kev , wha ...? diller break free of the other man 's grasp . he look as if he 's about to say something , but never get the chance . there 's a sound of tearing metal , and a hissing seven - foot express train of tooth and biomechanical limb erupt from the shadow . ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - dusk predator-vision . gazing down at the platform , a unseen hunter watch the swift black shape of the alien in amongst the group of human ... from the corner of she eye , do vry see something move nearby . she violently pull guttierez out of the path of the shimmer form that barge past they , launching itself from the rooftop . int . ryushi station - command CENTER parson sit bolt upright in he chair as the scene outside be relay to he bank of screen by a exterior securi-cam . parson oh my God ... ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk with superhuman strength , the alien brutally back - hand diller , splintering he skull and kill he instantly . his body carome into thomas , knock the man to the floor . the alien turn to kamen , it 's questing finger close around he throat and haul he off the ground . the space on the catwalk it limited ; there 's so many people it 's impossible to get a clean shot ... hiroko move ! get out of the way ! hiroko draw a bead on the alien . she flip off the safety on she rifle . it 's the tiniest click , but the alien somehow sense danger . it 's skeletal tail lash out , send both she and the weapon fly . caldwell get in for he shot , but the tail 's there in a second . it strike like a snake . once. twice . the stinger puncture caldwell 's chest and throat . nobody could survive something like that ... the alien flick it 's skull back around to kamen . the man 's head be inch away from it 's eyeless face ... a row of burnish metal tooth open ... the toothe inner tongue ready to strike ... whoomph . something land heavily close - up , jarring the catwalk . the alien drop kamen and whirl . a spear wield by a invisible form appear out of nowhere and pierce the alien 's midriff , spraying acidic fluid . the creature emit a outraged shriek and flail around , it 's ubiquitous tail arcing toward the camouflage assailant . the stinger make contact : there 's a sputter SOUND as the predator 's cloaking device begin to flicker spasmodically , give we peek - a- boo glimpsis of it 's natural form . Electrical spark dance around the predator 's ruin wrist - computer , luminous green blood welling from a wound in he arm ... from out of the Pump room come more noise , like metal be trash in a compactor . hiroko scream at kamen , who 's coughing painfully next to the door panel . hiroko get the door ! kamen hastily slap the ' close ' button and both halve of the exterior pressure bulkhead rumble together . a second alien appear from the shadow within and prise it 's finger into the dwindling gap , struggle for purchase . despite the alien 's best effort , the door motor be too powerful and the open seal with a satisfy solid clunk . muffled pounding come from the other side . nearby , thomas have retrieve caldwell 's weapon in the heat of the fight and be bring it to bear on the predator . at the last possible moment hiroko see what he 's about to do ... hiroko no ! reflexively , she knock the barrel away as thomas loose a volley of shot . predator-vision . the predator 's speech analyser play back she vocal pattern as white - hot bullet sear the night . predator no ! predator-vision . snapping in for a closer look at she . predator ( cont 'd ) no ! one of the alien 's hand clamp firmly onto the predator 's mask and wrench it off . hiroko stare at the predator 's face in fascination . from the distinctive feature , we see that it 's broken tusk . the predator 's good hand flash down to he thigh , almost too quick to follow . in one rapid movement a circular ' smart - weapon ' be bring up , slice the front of the alien skull away from it 's head . in a feat of strength , the predator lift he opponent 's corpse on the end of the spear and hurl it over the catwalk railing ... not waste a second , broken tusk perform a almost - vertical bound of some twenty foot with astounding grace . he grip a pipe run down the side of one of the building module , then clamber over the roof 's edge and finally disappear from view . brewster continue to bark frenetically . hiroko 's headset have be knock to the floor and a frantic mute voice be come from it . she pick it up , and press the ' transmit ' switch . hiroko ( into headset ) it 's alright , Rob ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER parson listen to hiroko , suddenly wide awake . the morning shift be start to filter in , and it 's obvious to they something 's wrong ... hiroko ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. , on speaker ) everything 's under control . wait a second . ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk thomas be move from diller to caldwell , check they for sign of life . hiroko catch he eye . hiroko ( cont 'd ) well ? thomas shake he head . guttierez and do vry race across the platform to join the stunne survivor of the skirmish . guttierez bend down by diller 's body . thomas lay a hand on guttierez ' arm . thomas come on , man . leave it alone . guttierez oh , god. dear Lord Jesus ... do vry this be like a bad dream , man . a bad fuck dream . hiroko think quickly , and come to a decision . she speak into she radio headset . hiroko Rob ? I want you to evac everybody from the non-connective module into admin . that go double for anybody ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER hiroko ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. , on speaker ) ... already out here . we be go to lock every bulkhead and seal the base . ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk hiroko turn she headset off and watch numerous rotate coloured light dot around the platform start to blink on - and - off . kamen cough a few more time . hiroko be you okay ? kamen rub he throat . he nod . kamen I will survive . brewster 's bark cease , replace instead with a terrified low whining . do vry what 's with the dog ? guttierez jog over to brewster . lower he rifle to the ground and fumble with the knot tie the dog to the pipe . guttierez hey ; c'mon now , girl . it 's alright . let 's just get this knot undone ... a spray of plastic shard explode not three foot away from guttierez . the rifle go skitter away out of reach , and he scramble away as a alien half - pull itself out of the sewer overflow , wet and glisten ... kamen Jan ! brewster 's a mass of fur , totally out of control . when the alien lash out to grab the howling animal , there 's nothing guttierez can do . brewster 's leg be the last thing we see , thrashing helplessly as she 's drag down into the splinter - edge gap . do vry get out of there , man ! thomas grab caldwell 's rifle from the deck . he race towards guttierez , with do vry close behind ... thomas catch this ! from behind come the SOUND of more rupture plastic as biomechanoid limb struggle up out of newly - break duct . thomas heave the rifle over the head of the emerge alien . although guttierez snag it awkwardly , he quickly turn the barrel on the relentless creature . guttierez chew on this ! do vry race up to join they , scream as she fire . kamen glance down at this tracker 's tiny screen . it show cluster of signal , lot of they . kamen ( holler ) they be all around , they be in the drainage system ! do vry react swiftly , loose a round of shot at the emerge alien . guttierez yell across to kamen . guttierez get you ass out of here , boss ! alien be appear everywhere . from the overflow duct ; over the platform edge ; along overhead cable support . have take on the genetic characteristic of they host , many of they be non-humanoid . all of they be live nightmare . hiroko oh my God ... int . ryushi station - live quarter cassie brushes she tooth in front of the wall - mount mirror of she tiny bathroom - cubicle . a raucous emergency klaxon goe off in the corridor outside . cassie shit . ext . ryushi station - platform far side - dusk thomas , guttierez , and do vry be cut -off . as they race swiftly down the street , guttierez try hard to interpret he tracker 's signal . a particularly loud bleep register from a source immediately behind they . he glance over he shoulder and see a alien crawl down the outside of a module towards they . guttierez De vries ! do vry ' head turn . she see the alien and nail it with a rapid burst . it fall onto the concrete nearby , writhe in it 's death throes . the group round the corner of a building . across the street from they be park kamen 's crawler . guttierez ( cont 'd ) Inside , inside ! they scramble up into the cab . guttierez throw himself into the driver 's seat . a alien sprint at the crawler with bare tooth . thomas loose a shot , blast it backward into a pepsi sign . thomas yo ' momma , boneface ! do vry ( to guttierez ) c'mon , man ; punch this cow ! guttierez fumble at the ignition . they key be there . he flip they , and the engine growls to life . ext . ryushi station - crane catwalk - dusk predator-vision . from way up here , we have get a outstanding view of the human run across the platform ... crouch on a bright - yellow catwalk , broken tusk press close a panel on the small container balanced on he knee . Inside it be row of metal instrument with a pristine surgical quality about they . broken tusk flexe he hand experimentally . satisfied , he clip the medical kit onto he back before get to he foot . stand around he be several other predator . all but one have they camouflage cloak activate . the SOUND of gunfire way across the station draw they attention ... ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk hiroko and kamen bolt towards a external hatch , with kamen lay down a field of cover fire on full - automatic . the blaze of light from the rifle 's barrel abruptly stop . hiroko what ? kamen I be out of ammo . get inside , get inside ! hiroko hear a horrible noise nearby . a field of cow be slaughter by machete would sound like this . hiroko they be in with the rhino ! ext . ryushi station - rhino pen - dusk a alien be smashed sideways into the one solid wall of the pen , broadside and instantly crush by a ton of frenzied rhino . it 's yellow blood eat into the weighty quadrupe , elicite anguished bellows of pain from the hapless creature . alien stinger slice through the air . rhinos try to bolt but be intercept by inhumanly powerful force . it 's wholesale carnage . predator-vision . we be move swiftly along the rooftop and surveying the melee below , lessen the distance with each second ... several indefinable figure plunge into the fray , create anarchy within the alien ' rank . the biomechanoid hiss with fury as the predator join battle against they ... ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk a alien hurl itself through the air and onto the speed crawler 's roof . int . crawler - dusk ker-chunk ! the cab 's occupant react as the thin roof buckle slightly . skeletal finger slice through , ripping at the metal like a can-opener . do vry Jesus ! thomas raise he rifle and loose a fusillade of shot through the roof . one of they ricochet off the interior , shatter the windscreen . there 's a thump from outside ... do vry ( cont 'd ) you get 'im ! they triumph be short - live . globule of yellow acid perforate the roof like swiss cheese , drip down on they . guttierez floor the brake . the crawler swing through ninety degree before screeching to a halt . int . ryushi station - command CENTER cassie enter admin at a run . before , it be empty . now it 's sheer chaos . she shove she way through dozen of grim-face people . parson be stand at a console , yelling into he headset . parson seal everything now ! cassie what 's happen ? parson cassie , thank Christ ! we be under attack . cassie we be what !? York race in , shout above the clamor . york the son-of-bitch get into ' E ' wing ! they be rip it apart ! parson fuck ! somebody get over there with some gun ! now ! cassie watch the scene unfold on the bank of monitor . people mouth unheard word into camera . burst of static . fleeting glimpsis of nightmarish shape darting across the picture ... cassie how many of they be there ? parson too many . ext . ryushi station - platform far side - dusk guttierez ' group hurriedly exit the crawler . a cloud of acrid smoke rapidly fill the cabin . do vry ( cough ) move it , man ! the dead alien 's corpse tumble through the acid-eaten hole , fall into the cab 's rear seat and promptly burn through that as well . not far away across the platform , the massive door to the auto-shop hanger be rumbling slowly close ... guttierez ( shouting ) hold the door , hold the door ! they do not hear he . the door seal with a boom of finality . do vry over there , on the right ! thomas see the two alien nimbly climb the platform 's edge . he squeeze off about five shot , manage to kill the first alien ... thomas this bastard be not so tough ! *************************** ***** page 70 missing ***** *************************** thomas look concernedly at guttierez . thomas be that thing work ? guttierez take off the headset and scrutinise it closely . guttierez shit ! the case 's crack ! do vry rip she headset off and urgently pass it to he . do vry use mine . Channel twenty -six . ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk despite they ferocity and weapon , it 's clear that the small group of predator be be overrun by the alien horde . broken tusk 's shoulder cannon swivel automatically , blow away another attacker . hear a distinctive scream , he look across the platform . one of the predator , it 's camouflage cloak flicker intermittently , be try to resist be drag down into a duct . the two alien in either side plunge they tail - stinger into the predator 's body , make it cry out in agony . int . ryushi station - corridor pumped up with adrenalin , kamen reach a intersection and encounter a harrowing tableau . a alien block he way on the other side of a corridor bulkhead , hold a struggling man above the floor . it 's piston - like tongue shoot into the man 's skull , spraying gore . the alien see kamen , and it 's mouth twist into a bloody snarl . both kamen and the alien lunge forward together , but kamen 's get the edge by a split-second . he strike a bright red switch and the overhead pressure bulkhead slam down and lock into place . his breathe be heavy as he slowly back away from the hatch ... ext . ryushi station - platform far side - dusk the two alien thomas kill must have be the scout party . other appear , more cautiously this time ... do vry hurry up and figure that thing out , man ! guttierez be desperately try to operate the tiny plastic microswitch on the headset with he fingernails . guttierez what ? thomas we have get company ! thomas bring he weapon to bear and pull on the trigger . he get off one shot , then nothing more happen . he look at the counter on the side . it read ' zero ' . thomas ( cont 'd ) shit , I be dry ! you be up ! do vry raise she rifle . she aim , and ... click . do vry I be jamme ! thomas you be what ?! she work the manual slide . do vry it 's lock solid ... thomas Quick , give I the clip ! do vry fumble the ammunition clip from she rifle . it fall from she hand onto a plastic overflow grate . thomas leap after it ... about a second too late . it slip through the narrow gap , go for good . thomas ( cont 'd ) oh , Lord ! please , no ! not now ! int . ryushi station - executive office hiroko enter she office at a run . she cross to a inset control box on the far wall and press a button . two exterior panel begin to slide close behind the polycarbonate window . kersmash ! fracture line appear on the toughened plastic as it come under assault from the razor - edge tip of a alien 's tail . in shock , hiroko reflexively fall backwards onto the floor , scramble away . she watch the creature precariously balance on the this ledge outside , fight against the close shutter with simultaneously raining repeat blow on the window with it 's tail . the alien leap through the gap as the window give way under the onslaught , shower splinter across the room . the twin shutter secure behind it , close on the creature tail in the process . it hiss in indignation and thrashes about . like a lizard , the segment tail snap in two . the freed alien stagger a little before gain balance , blood drip from the laceration and penetrate the wooden floorboard . it sight hiroko and hurl itself in she direction , a unstoppable kill machine ... hiroko holo on ! her voice quaver so badly with fear and panic , it 's a wonder the computer can recognize it . four ninja swordsmen promptly appear , form a semi-circle between hiroko and the alien . the alien halt , confuse by this intrusion . it swipe at the pre-programmed hologram , bewilder by the lack of contact as it 's claw pass through they . gain on a few second of buy time , hiroko fling herself towards the predator spear lie forget nearby . the alien lock in on this sudden movement and charge through the hologram at she . hiroko grunt , swinging the spear with she full strength ... she 's no super - athlete , but the cut edge 's advanced metallurgy do the job . it slice half - way through the alien 's skull and stick there , spew yellow fluid everywhere . hiroko beat a hasty retreat as the die biomechanoid fall to the floor , fumble at the lodge weapon ... int . ryushi station - corridor hiroko reel into the outside corridor . she shriek as she shoulder be seize from behind ... kamen come on ! hiroko look at kamen confusedly as he continue along the corridor . hiroko that 's the wrong way ! kamen detour . other way 's block ... ext . ryushi station - platform far side - dusk back outside , the alien have sense that something 's amiss . do vry turn desperately to guttierez . do vry you get any slug leave ? guttierez look down at the counter on he sling weapon . guttierez yeah . uh ... do vry rip the weapon off he shoulder . guttierez complete he sentence . guttierez ( cont 'd ) ... Seven . blam ! blam ! blam ! do vry try to make each shot count . she sight a alien crawl across the top of a group of cylindrical storage container . draw a bead on the metal tank and fire ... a molten ball explode outward , transform the immediate vicinity into a blaze inferno . the alien 's body twist end - over - end , remain immobile as it hit the deck . a curtain of fire ripple across the platform ... thomas yes ! they victory be short - live . the other alien crawl cautiously forward , flame lick they face but leave they unharme . we can clearly hear the hissing of they internal jaw . do vry try again , man ... the headset in guttierez ' hand bleep as it turn into the correct channel . he yell into it ... guttierez Matt ! open this damn door right now , I will ream you ass so bad this thing out here will seem like the Easter Bunny in comparison ! swear to God ! thomas turn and hammer on the impenetrable plate metal . thomas open the door ! open the goddamn fuck door ! blam ! blam ! blam ! click . guttierez ' bullet be go . do vry that 's it ! we be dead ! the first of the alien rush at they . this be the end . do vry scream ... there 's a blind flash , and most of the alien 's head vaporise . guttierez blink be disbelief as hazy shape comprise of refracted fire suddenly occupy the kill ground between the human and alien antagonist . intense burst of light illuminate the platform as hi- tech predator weaponry far in advance of the human ' sear the air ... guttierez turn at the SOUND of the huge metal door grinding slowly open . just enough for they to get through . guttierez move ! int . ryushi station - auto - shop thomas push do vry through the open , with guttierez hurriedly follow . the auto-shop be a large spacious workshop with three bay lining one wall . the front of a crawler poke from one of they , while in the center of the room another crawler be raise above a maintenance - pit on a hydraulic platform . a handful of grease monkey stand around the doorway , brandish power- tool in lieu of firearm . a blonde surfer - type with long straggly hair rush over to they . this be matt , they savior . matt Close it up , close it up ! guttierez stare through the narrow open as the door seal back up . in the midst of the flame , the alien be fight a pitch battle tooth - and - nail with they unseen opponent . it 's like a scene out of Hell . int . ryushi station - corridor cluster of rotate emergency light wig -wag above hiroko and kamen as they flee through the maze of long corridor lead to the Command Center . kamen be fall behind as they approach a junction . hiroko hurry it up . kamen do not wait for I ! hiroko and kamen race along the final corridor lead to the Command Center . halfway down , kamen turn in response to a jarring SOUND from the rear . the metal grate make up the floor be smashed violently from beneath . kamen run ! int . ryushi station - command CENTER the pandemonium from the outside corridor get the attention of york and everybody else in admin . he cross to the bulkhead doorframe , and what he see make he eye bug . york Jesus Christ ! he shout back into the crowded room . york ( cont 'd ) they be inside , inside the corridor ! int . ryushi station - corridor hiroko and kamen try to outrun the tidal wave of twisted and break steel that emerge in they wake . kamen yell with fright as a alien claw pinion he ankle . he trashes about , clutching at anything to prevent himself be drag beneath the floor . crying out be pain as sliver of edge metal slice into he hand ... hiroko ( anguish ) no ! int . ryushi station - command CENTER york stand freeze at the bulkhead frame , stare down the corridor in horror . cassie race up and push he out of the way ... int . ryushi station - corridor hiroko look furiously around . spy a emergency axe in it 's wall housing , she smashes the glass with she elbow , cut herself in the process . hiroko heft the heavy tool , swinging it down onto the disappear alien 's carapace with all she might ... hiroko ( cont 'd ) bastard ! the blade bite deep , and yellow blood burst from the thresh alien 's wound . speckle of it dot kamen 's leg , eat through the material of he trousers and into the skin and muscle beneath . he scream , a sound of pure intense pain ... hiroko hurl the axe aside . she begin pull kamen out of the hole as the caustic liquid seep into the nearby electrical conduit . there 's a sparking , follow by a flash and a sheet of flame . cassie step through into the corridor , just as valve evenly - space along the length of the tunnel open up , jetting white high - density foam under extreme pressure . the hatch to the Command Center at the far end begin to close ... hiroko cassie ...! cassie 's head shoot around . int . ryushi station - command CENTER york seize a metal chair from behind a nearby console and wedge it into the narrowing divide . cassie squeeze through the gap and urgently hollers to hiroko ... cassie it you do not ... uh !... move you ass , you be gonna need a helluva diet to get through here ! int . ryushi station - command CENTER from cassie 's p.o.v. we watch hiroko support kamen and stumbling he along . foam fill three - quarter of the corridor to they rear and be nearly up to they knee everywhere else . the chair 's frame creak ominously in protest ... york hurry up , we be lose it ! cassie 's eye widen in terror ... cassie behind you ! hiroko turn to see the long , phallic head of a alien emerge momentarily from out of the foam . something yank at kamen and he disappear beneath the surface with a expression of pain surprise ... hiroko kamen ! hiroko start to thrash at the foam , but cassie reach out and drag she away . cassie it 's too late ! hiroko nooooo ! the chair begin to buckle , collapse in on itself ... york it 's go ! with a supreme effort , cassie yank hiroko through the gap . york vault clear as the chair snap in two , leave the bulkhead to thunder close . the two woman collapse in a heap on the floor . ext . ryushi station - platform - dusk the battle outside be go badly for the predator . there 's only three of they leave , and one be broken tusk . a projectile whistle through the air towards a alien , expand in flight into a wire capture net . barb tip on each corner bite into the wall of a base module , trapping the enraged creature . small motor whine as the thin metal pull inward , slice into the alien 's body ... the predator savor the scene for just a second ... which be a second too long . alien be all over he , claw and rip at he body . the shoulder - mount plasma-cannon be unceremoniously yank away and clatter to the floor . the predator go down , grop for the self - destruct system on he wrist . he manage to stroke a fingernail across the activation bar , but get no further . a alien pounce at he , it 's tail descend . the predator raise he arm in reflex , but the stinger smashes straight through the bury it in he face - plate , take out the wrist - computer in the process . int . ryushi station - command CENTER hiroko stare at the close bulkhead with a expression of daze disbelief . parson miss noguchi ? no reaction . he try again . parson ( cont 'd ) miss noguchi ! hiroko snap out of it . she cross over to the bank of monitoring screen . hiroko what 's the story ? parson run through each of the screen . parson everything on this module be lock and seal . we have lose ' B ' , ' C ' , and ' E ' wing , but ' E ' be the only one we do not manage to totally evacuate . hiroko how many ... how many people be miss ? cassie unconfirm report of eighteen or so far , but the number be all over the place . hiroko what 's we weapon situation ? driscoll - a big guy with a beard - laugh curtly . driscoll shit ! we armory 's a big blue box from the back shelf of store . we get about two clip leave for a autoloader , and that 's it . hiroko auto-shop ? cassie auto-shop 's seal , but that boy be cut -off . hiroko have anybody talk to they ? cassie not yet . hiroko do it . ext . ryushi station - rooftop - dusk broken tusk and the other predator scramble up onto the rooftop in a bid to escape they unstoppable opponent . back - to-back , they take up fight position . a few second later , the first of the alien arrive . both the predator ' shoulder cannon blaze , fire volley - after-volley . still the alien keep on come , finally reach the point where it 's hand - to-hand ... and nothing else . it 's a vicious , fast , and bloody on both side . broken tusk take flight ; he companion be not as lucky . the other predator kick a alien from he and over the roof 's edge . the alien lash out with lightning - fast reflex , pull the predator with it . both creature hurtle downward and hit a nest of cabling stretch across from one of the module . caught like fly in a spider 's web . both thrash about , sever cable as they do . Electrical spark crackle through the air ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER everything electrical in the Command Center flicker momentarily , and the bank of monitor turn to static . there 's a instant of silence collective concern amongst that gather there . driscoll what the hell ...? parson do not panic , people . we have just switch over to internal . hiroko they knock out the external feed . parson look like it . cassie thirty six hour ? parson nod . parson give or take . cassie we be not gonna make it , be we ? hiroko get the auto-shop on -line . parson shake he head . parson Communications to auto-shop go through a f.o. link off the main trunk . that 's down with the other feed . hiroko well ... try the headset . int . ryushi station - auto - shop spirit be low in the auto-shop . matt I be tellin ' you , it 's impossible . nothing can grow and reproduce this fast . thomas yeah . right . you wanna go outside and tell they that ? do vry what 's keep that fuck Marines , man ? they should 'a be here by now ! thomas lash out at a empty can , kick it noisily across the floor . thomas maybe they be not come . maybe they do not even know we have get problem ... guttierez I do not wanna hear that kind of crap , Thomas . they be come . just a matter of time , that 's all ... guttierez ' headset lie nearby . parson mute voice come out of it . one of the grease monkey 's snatch it up and listen . grease monkey yo! guttierez ! int . ryushi station - command CENTER parson through now . hiroko Jan , it 's hiroko . what sort of shape be you in down there ? guttierez ( o.s. , on speaker ) pretty damn good shape , consider . you can tell Don kamen from I he people have get ball of steel . hiroko kamen do not make it , Jan . there 's a pregnant pause from the speaker . hiroko ( cont 'd ) Jan ? guttierez ( o.s. , on speaker ) yeah . I ... we be still here . we be all ... uh ... all sorry to hear that . hiroko can you make it back ? guttierez ( o.s. , on speaker ) uh ... I would say that be a negative . if we open the door , that thing be gonna swarm inside . there 's another problem , too . hiroko what 's that ? guttierez ( o.s. , on speaker ) De vries put a round through the storage tank over by the west pier on the way in here . right now , the stuff sprayin ' out be just burnin ' up , but if we get a blow - back , a good part of the station could go with it . cassie oh , man ... hiroko alright , let 's keep calm . we have get to have a option of some sort ... there 's get to be a way out of this . york oh yeah ? like what ? york 's keep quiet , but everyone turn to he now . his tone be scathing and cut to the marrow . cassie well , what about that other thing outside ; that warrior ? maybe we can cut some kind of deal ... york look around at they in incredulous disbelief . *************************** ***** page 84 missing ***** *************************** int . ryushi station - auto - shop matt walk nervously around , hold the headset . everybody 's eye be on he . matt well , it occur to I that we could use the overhead crane to load the admin module onto the back of Big bertha . that way we could put a bit of distance ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER matt ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. , on speaker ) ... between we and the station . least ' till the guy from Fort Powell arrive . hiroko that sound promise . can we operate the crane from here ? driscoll Nah . it 's get programmable facility , but it be never rig for remote operation . someone would have to go up to the cab to get it up and run . hiroko which mean physically go outside . driscoll look around uneasily . driscoll yeah . int . ryushi station - command CENTER - lower deck a small group of people , most of whom we see in the Command Center , be cluster around a section of the poorly - light maintenance corridor . hiroko 's wear a black hi-tech catsuit , a fetishist 's dream . across she shoulder be a pistol in a sling bandolier holster . she nod at a pile of clothing in driscoll 's hand . hiroko be this the suit ? driscoll uh-huh . she take it from he . slide she leg into the bottom half and pull it up . york watch with a expression of incredulity etched on he face . york this be fuckin ' lunacy ! you be not gonna make it across the platform on foot ! cassie shut up , York . hiroko no , he 's right . have anyone get a bike near here ? a redheaded girl look around hesitantly , then raise she voice . redheaded girl I have . hiroko let I have the key . the girl rummages in she pocket and throw the key over . hiroko put they in a pocket on the suit 's sleeve . hiroko ( cont 'd ) which one be it ? redheaded girl uh ... the Hyundai racer . yellow and black stripe . york oh , yeah . Real inconspicuous ... hiroko listen , I do not care if it 's pink and purple polka-dot as long as it get I there in one piece . somebody loan I a headset . cassie pull off hers and hand it over . driscoll 's watch hiroko fasten up the suit . he spot a mistake . driscoll no , go back . second clasp from the bottom . hiroko find the offend clasp and lock it . hiroko how much air-time have I get ? cassie about thirty minute . that be slim - down tank , so no stop to admire the scenery . hiroko deal . cassie we have dumped the whole data- base from one of the clean remote into the helmet . it will project the route through the sewer system onto the inside of the glass as you go . driscoll yeah , I stripped down a motion tracker and hardwire it through to the helmet pick -up , too . that 's also on the display . hiroko sound great . parson it 's not all good news . we have to take off the helmet light . you will be go in blind . hiroko what ? why ? driscoll we have to . they be just too cumbersome for some of the conduit you be gonna have to negotiate . besides , all the crap float around reduce visibility to the extent where I doubt have helmet light would have make that much difference , anyway . maintenance light down there oughta be enough to do the trick . hiroko how tight be this shaft ? cassie and driscoll exchange worried look . cassie tight . we choose a route we feel would reduce the chance of you run into any alien . hiroko take a deep breath . bead of perspiration dot she forehead . parson nod . parson there 's still time to back -out . hiroko forget it . I would not ask somebody to do something I would not do myself . where 's the disk ? parson hand over a vinyl - wrap packet . parson do not lose it . hiroko slip it into a breast - pocket and secure the flap . hiroko do not worry . I will not . driscoll hand several metallic object to hiroko . driscoll here . if you get to use them , make them count . they be magazine for she gun . she slot they into the bandolier . hiroko thanks . parson let 's just run through it one more time so I know you have get it straight . hiroko okay , I pull the access panel off of the console . insert the disk , and press the green enable button ... parson ( interrupt ) no . there 's two of they . she pull on the zip and begin lock the harness clasp into place . hiroko sorry . two green enable button ... parson right . when you have do that , do not waste any time get out of there . once that crane start move ... well , it 's bound to provoke some kind of response . york hand over a sophisticated - look power-tool . york you will need this for the grating . trigger finger to operate , thumb button to switch over to the rivet gun . the sensor will choose blade or socket head automatically . hiroko right. ( long beat ) okay , I be set . york and driscoll lower the massive dome - fronted helmet over hiroko 's head . Auto -clasp lock into place as it bracket with the collar . parson clip the slimline air-tank to she back , and driscoll make the connection . parson alright , let 's open she up . carefully , now ... cassie and the other hold they weapon and motion - tracker steadily at a fix point on the ground . two onlooker bend down to the pressure- hatch beneath the floor-grating . it 's identical to the one diller and urioste remove earlier . a plume of pressurise gas jet into the air , and they pull the metal sealing - plug free . cassie scrutinize she tracker ... cassie all clear ... hiroko reach up to she helmet and press a chunky button on one side . hiroko 's p.o.v . we be look through the transparent bowl of the helmet at the open shaft , braken water slosh around it 's rim . superimpose line of glow neon appear on the visor 's surface , a precisely overlaid duplication of the scene in computer - graphic form . a flatly - synthesise male computer voice come over the helmet speaker , o.s. computer voice ( o.s. , on speaker ) approach ' a ' module lower level venturiduct DS oh-four ... hiroko get down on she hand and knee and crawl towards the open . she stare at the murky water with mount apprehension . tries to reassure herself . hiroko okay . okay . she look around at the impassive , stare face . summon up she courage , she submerges the helmet ... hiroko's p.o.v . the pale illumination of the lower level deck - light give way to absolute nothingness ; a stygian nightmare . she shudder with horror and pull she head free . hiroko ( cont 'd ) oh ...! oh , God ... she wipe frenetically at the slickly - coat visor , breathe heavily . worried hand grab she . cassie be you alright ? parson what ? what 's wrong ? what be it ? hiroko 's eye dart around , speak volume . she swallow hard and calm down . hiroko it 's alright . I be okay . steeling herself , she take a deep breath and plunge headfirst into the water once more ... hiroko 's p.o.v . everything go to blackness again . the head -up-display present a view of the unseen tunnel in cheerful candy - apple hue . computer voice ( o.s. , on speaker ) enter venturi duct , en route to secondary overflow sump DS oh four slash eleven ... york watch hiroko 's foot disappear into the shaft . parson seal it . the heavy sealing - plug be drag across the grate and position over the hole . york shake he head . york suicide run , man . fuckin ' suicide run . int . ryushi station - sewer system - venturi duct cassie be not kid about the venturi-duct . it 's only about half - again as wide as hiroko . the only illumination come from the hazy circle above . as the plug reseal the hole , even that 's go . something flicker . two weak fluorescent tube come on , lighting the murk with a faint orange haze . cassie ( o.s. on speaker ) all the comfort of home . hiroko thanks , cassie . cassie ( o.s. , on speaker ) do not mention it . she inch she way through the narrow space towards we , breathe heavily . the clicking of the motion - tracker in she helmet be overwhelming in the silence ... ext . ryushi station - antenna array - night the station 's massive antenna array be be transformed . otherworldly shape comprise of surreal creature and protrusion be start to cover it 's surface . alien drop from dizzying height , exude stream of gelatinous gunk from the four ' exhaust ' pipe on they back . they be building a nest of staggering proportion . unnotice by the busy biomechanoid , faint spark flicker from the crane catwalk high above ... ext . ryushi station - crane catwalk - night broken tusk sit on the catwalk floor , a small shower of spark lighting he face . he 's attempt to repair he break wrist computer with a intricate tool . he remove it and press a switch . the display glow briefly , then fade . he insert it again . Electrical spark crackle across the computer 's fascia , before burn out . broken tusk throw the ruin machine away in disgust . int . ryushi station - auto - shop from we p.o.v. high up near the roof of the auto- shop we see thomas sit on the raise hydraulic platform . he grunt as he pull a valve on the crawler 's underside . across the room , the second crawler rumble out of the far bay . one of the grease monkey walk slowly backwards , wave it on . grease monkey okay . back . back . Little bit more ... he step into a pool of slippery residue and lose he foot . grease monkey ( cont 'd ) whoa ... shit ! the man crouch and run a finger through the colorless goo on the floor . scowl first , then frown . it 's sticky . over near the door , matt exhales deeply on a cigarette . do vry be nearby , listen attentively as guttierez get a message on he helmet . guttierez she just set off ! matt clap he hand together - just once - to get everybody 's attention . matt okay , people . let 's hustle ... there 's a scream from behind . they wheel around in time to see the grease monkey be tug into the maintenance open . thomas yell down from the platform . thomas they be comin ' up through the pit ! a box with two large button - one green , one red - dangle from the ceiling on the end of a cable . matt force down the red control , make the platform lower . several ton of machinery and crawler bring about the demise of the alien as they reach the lip of the open , crushing they chitinous limb to smithereen . a alien roll out of the pit in time , scramble for the safety of the nearby shadow . do vry sight it . do vry over there ! one of the men have see it . his head snap up to a mammoth engine - block suspend from a winch high above . he leap for the release - catch as the alien pass underneath . pull hard on the grip . chain rattle noisily as the block thunder down . the alien begin to look up , just a second too late . the heavy piece of machinery smashes into the creature , flatten it instantly . unseen by anybody , another alien have escape to the roof of the platform - bound crawler . it wrap it 's long , bony finger around the face of the man , stifling he cry and pull he off the deck . the loud clatter of he chainsaw bounce off the floor-grating get thomas ' attention . thomas mother-fucker ! thomas retrieve the fall tool and jam the ' on ' switch hard . the alien 's tongue shoot through the grease monkey 's skull , shower thomas with a faint speckling of blood . the alien discard the body and lunge at thomas , who counter bring the chainsaw up . the blade slice into the creature 's throat , and up through it 's head . thomas draw out the chainsaw quickly . something happen to the pitch of the blade , a peculiar sound ... the acid eat through the link of the chainsaw band . like a metallic snake , it whip off it 's support frame . straight at thomas . int . ryushi station - sewer system - venturi duct hiroko elbow she way further through the cramped water - fill duct . a wide grille directly in she path block further headway . hiroko's p.o.v . Green neon flash in she display , with accompany notation . computer voice ( o.s. , on speaker ) progress to secondary overflow sump DS oh-four slash eleven impede . grating must be remove to facilitate entry ... hiroko ( into headset ) okay , I be at the first access grate . cassie 's voice be a little less clear now , with trace of static drift in ... cassie ( o.s. , on speaker ) copy that . be careful , now . hiroko you betcha . she place the tip of she power- tool over the first of the grille 's anchore bolt . the complex mechanism whine as it select the correct wrench - tip for the job ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER parson race up to the girl man the communication console . parson what be it ? girl auto-shop . int . ryushi station - auto - shop - crawler cabin thomas be laid - out in the back seat of the crawler 's cab , with do vry and matt try to staunch the wound from the chainsaw band 's impact to he chest . guttierez speak into he headset mike . guttierez Rob ? we get problem . int . ryushi station - sewer system - sump chamber thump . thump . slam ! the grille in knock out of it 's housing and float lazily off into the water . hiroko pass through the newly - create hole . hiroko's p.o.v . she find herself in a upright cylindrical chamber , about five foot in height . massive extractor fan churn dangerously where both the floor and ceiling ought to be . kick up a swirl of particle . pale blue light filter down from above . computer voice ( o.s. , on speaker ) caution ! enter secondary overflow sump DS oh-four slash eleven . grating must be remove to facilitate entry to Central reservoir ... hiroko ( annoyed ) yeah , yeah , yeah ... with difficulty , she straddle the floor turbine . a vortex of water swirl around she as she bring the power - tool up once more . int . ryushi station - command CENTER parson listen attentively . he click he finger at cassie . parson where be she ? cassie comin ' up the Central reservoir . parson Quick ! run a trace on the culvert lead off the auto-shop maintenance pit . cassie 's all - business , immediately call - up the base floor - plan file on a monitor . parson ( cont 'd ) ( into headset ) be Thomas gonna make it ? guttierez ( o.s. , on speaker ) uh... difficult to say . I think ... int . ryushi station - auto - shop guttierez look on as matt tie - off a bandage . guttierez ( cont 'd ) ... the chainsaw band might have puncture he lung . int . ryushi station - command CENTER cassie look up , worriedly . cassie I find it ... parson and ? cassie drain right into the Central reservoir . parson get she on-line . now ! int . ryushi station - sewer system - sump CENTER hiroko 's pull she third bolt free . it drift slowly downward , slip between the vane of the floor turbine . a fragment voice come through on she headset , distort beyond recognition . hiroko 's forehead knit together in concentration and annoyance . hiroko what be that ? I do not copy . click . click . beep ! the routine sound of the motion tracker change suddenly . hiroko turn she attention from the task - in- hand to study the tracker 's helmet readout . three nebulous blob have appear from off-screen . head straight for she position . int . ryushi station - command CENTER cassie turn to parson in frustration . cassie I can not reach she . too much signal break-up . parson keep try ! int . ryushi station - sewer system - sump chamber beep . beep . beep . the signal pick - up speed the closer they get . cassie 's garble voice be not help ease hiroko 's panic . she look wildly around the chamber . the only way out the way she come in ... computer voice ( o.s. , on speaker ) attention . removal of restrain bolt it necessary to facilitate access to ... hiroko stab the exterior helmet control . the computer voice cease , while the beeping from the tracker rise in both pitch and volume . whatever the signal be , they be almost on top of she ... hiroko turn to the narrow entry duct . it 's position make it virtually impossible to get back into . she try anyhow . beepbeepbeepbeep ! a rush of displace water flood into the chamber , flatten she against the wall . dark shape thunder past the other side of the grille like express train in the night ... go away from hiroko . she twitches in fear and disbelief as the blob on the monitor screen recede and finally disappear . the tracker 's pitch return to it 's hollow clicking . ext . ryushi station - platform - night broken tusk try to be as unobtrusive as possible as he pick through the aftermath of the battle down by the now - empty rhino pen . he find something . a predator face - mask , with a massive crack down one side . he turn it carefully over in he hand . int . ryushi station - sewer system - central reservoir hiroko emerge from the water , a thin membrane of surface slime adhere to she helmet . blind , she raise a glove hand and wipe the mucus away ... hiroko's p.o.v . she 's inside the Central reservoir , a long cylindrical concrete tunnel some eighteen foot in diameter . the water - level come up about half - way . what fill the remainder freeze she with revulsion ... she 's find the main offshoot of the alien ' nest . glue into the curve wall by a secretive resin as body . human , rhinos , lemur . other animal . most be dead , they innard blow open . the rest be comatose , twitching occasionally . every square inch not contain body be fill with alien egg . it 's like Hell for real . hiroko reach slowly up and reactivate she helmet readout . computer voice ( o.s. , on speaker ) ... brrzzt . traversing Central reservoir en route to platform venturi dust DS two-six . hiroko 's p.o.v . she look around and find the exit point on the display . it 's several foot away . under the surface . she wade swiftly through the water , pass beneath something that give she cause to pause . a large pulsating bag , about ten foot long and roughly ovular in shape . it might be translucent , but in this light it 's hard to tell . hiroko submerges . sure enough , there 's the grille . she raise the power- tool and start extract the bolt . bzzzz ! there 's the first one , no problem . bzzzz ... bzzzz ! the second and third be just as easy . she go for the fourth . bzzz ... chunk . nothing happen . hiroko come on ... she bear down on the trigger again . the motor 's not run . a tiny green LED flash on the machine 's side . it 's lock solid . a malfunction . computer voice ( o.s. , on speaker ) attention . removal of restrain bolt be necessary to facilitate access to venturi duct . there 's only one recourse leave to she . she jam down the thumb button ... ker-slam ! the force of the rivet - gun propel she backwards , she internal suit - pressure make she rise to the surface . she wipe the slime from she helmet yet again ... ... and find herself stare at a alien egg , it 's top crack open in four neat section . the facehugger leap straight as she faceplate ... ... and miss , it 's finger fail to gain purchase on the slippery dome . hiroko kick away from the spindly creature as it orientate itself on the water 's surface , it 's powerful tail propelling itself back toward she . it contract on itself , prepare to leap . hiroko raise the power-tool , reflexively squeezing the trigger again and again . fat rivet rip through the facehugger 's body . it writhes around on the water 's surface , a cloud ofyellow acid billow outward from it . hiroko dive into the water again . she ram the power- tool at the final bolt . bzzzz ! it 's out ! she lever - off the grille . force herself into the confine space beyond ... int . ryushi station - sewer system - venturi duct another poorly - light shaft fill with murky water , though this one go upwards on a diagonal slope . hiroko brace herself against the wall and begin to climb . computer voice ( o.s. , on speaker ) traversing venturi duct en route to platform surface . wham ! a alien 's head squeeze through the open behind she . it 's claw snake in , grop blindly just inch from she foot . she grit she tooth and put more effort into she ascent . wallpo ! it 's hand close around she leg , yanking she back . she try frantically to gain purchase on anything . she fail . the alien draw she nearer , it 's other hand close on the helmet 's visor . fracture line appear on the glass , follow by crack . pollute water start to flood in , while air-bubble expand outward from the break glass . hiroko drive the power- tool at the alien and mash the trigger . rivets penetrate the creature 's endoskeleton , make it draw back . a haze of yellow blood spill out into the duct . hiroko push upward , cough . she close she fist around a lever above . pull on it with all she might . ext . ryushi station - platform - night Internal pressure force the metallic plug out like a champagne cork . it hit the platform with a loud clunk . hiroko haul herself from the shaft , trail a cloud of smoke as the acid eat into she suit . she throw the helmet to the ground , shatter the visor . yank desperately at the suit 's release clamp , kick the ruin garment off . as promise , the yellow - and - black hoverbike be nearby . hiroko start towards it , then remember the key be in the sleeve pocket of the ruin pressure-suit . she drop to he knee and gingerly poke through the smoking pile of cloth . find the flap , rip it open , and withdraw the key . slap ! a glisten wet claw emerge from the open hole . hiroko scramble to she foot as the injure alien pull itself out . she tear across to the bike and ram the key into the ignition . the turbine roar to life , and it lift smoothly into the air . hiroko pivot the powerful machine around , avoid the creature 's questing grasp . lose it 's balance , the alien smashes into the deck . hiroko 's gun the bike away , speed along the platform . the fire over by the auto-shop rage out of control , a column of black - and - orange smoke rise into the air . a dark form hurl itself at she from a overhead cable-support . yet another alien . it land awkwardly on the protrude front cowl of the hoverbike , gain balance in a instant . hiroko twist on she control , try to dislodge the creature by see - saw the bike side - to-side . the alien 's get a firm hold though , crawl hand - over-hand towards she . hiroko release she grip on both throttles simultaneously . air-brake cut in , and the bike slam to a halt . the breath whooshes out of hiroko as she chest impact with the surround roll - bar . the alien be even less fortunate ; momentum hurl it back onto the concrete . hiroko gun the engine again , and the lead - edge of the manta-shape machine 's aerofoil catch the rise creature , neatly decapitate it . ext . ryushi station - crane base - night the hoverbike growls to a halt by the base of the crane . hiroko dismount and draw she pistol . take in the sheer height of the ladder she 's go to have to scale . thumb she headset . hiroko okay , I make it to the crane . you ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER everybody in admin register astonishment as she voice come over the speaker . hiroko ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. , on speaker ) ... can all uncross you finger . a whoop go up . various hand be slapped . parson we copy , boss . Nice go . ext . ryushi station - crane ladder - night hiroko 's climb the ladder . she stop to catch she breath . hiroko yeah , well do not get too carry away ; we be only halfway home . talk ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER hiroko ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. , on speaker ) ... to you shortly . noguchi out . parson click he finger to driscoll . parson driscoll ; you be up . driscoll 's move even as parson speak . driscoll I hear you ... ext . rhushi station - crane catwalk - night hiroko reach the top and sprint along the catwalk towards the Control cab . she narrowly miss something metallic near the base of the handrail . if she would take the time to stop and look , she would have see broken tusk 's ruin wrist computer . int . ryushi station - command CENTER - ladder well driscoll flip open a access flap on one wall of the ladder - well . printed on the inside be a set of instruction , with the follow print boldly in red ; caution ! explosive bolt - read carefully ! he trace he finger along a line of text . int . ryushi station - crane cab - night hiroko enter the cab at a run . she flip a row of switch , and the control board come to life . hiroko access panel ... access panel ... she find it . get she finger in the groove and slide it out . beneath be a mini-disk drive with two button . hiroko ( cont 'd ) bingo . she pull the vinyl - wrap packet from she catsuit pocket . carefully withdraw the disk and slide it home . thumb the first button , which glow a emerald green . the board 's flatscreen monitor light up immediately . hiroko study it for a moment , then press she headset link . hiroko ( cont 'd ) okay , we be in business . int . ryushi station - command CENTER parson right . auto-shop , you all set ? int . ryushi station - auto - shop - crawler cab everybody from auto-shop be cramme into the two articulate vehicle . guttierez sit in the driver 's seat of the first crawler . he glance out of the side window . matt give he a ' thumb - up ' from the cab of the second crawler . guttierez ( into headset ) say the word , and you will not see we ass for dust . int . ryushi station - crane cab - night hiroko wipe a trickle of sweat from she forehead . she poise she finger over the second drive-button . hiroko alright . here we go ... int . ryushi station - command CENTER everybody in admin look tense . hiroko ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. , on speaker ) Three ... int . ryushi station - auto - shop - crawler cab guttierez lean forward . hiroko ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. , on headset ) two ... int . ryushi station - crane cab - night hiroko blink as the sweat drain into she eye . hiroko ( cont 'd ) one ...mark ! she stab the drive switch . ext . ryushi station - crane - night smoothly maintain engineering come to life . the enormous yellow crane start to move on it 's track -rail . int . ryushi station - crane cab - night the control board monitor be suddenly awash with information and schematics ... hiroko okay , I be out of here ! int . ryushi station - command CENTER parson blow that sucker , driscoll ! int . ryushi station - command CENTER - ladder well driscoll raise a black device shape like a cylinder with a handgrip on the end . slot it into the mechanism beneath the flap and carefully turn it . a tiny red LED come on . ext . ryushi station - command CENTER module complex mechanical assembly attach the module to it 's support pier-platform . there be a number of loud bang , similar to car engine misfire . explosive bolt release the tether . int . ryushi station - command CENTER - ladder well driscoll report into he headset . driscoll bolt blow ! ext . ryushi station - crane catwalk - night hiroko run back across the catwalk . she might have miss the predator 's damage computer before , but she do not this time . her foot come down on it and she slip . the gun go fly from she hand . hiroko watch in horror as it teeter on the catwalk 's edge for a moment ... hiroko no ! ... then go over . she drop to all four and peer over the side . luckily it 's only fall about four foot onto a dirty ledge . she reach out for it ... int . first crawler cab guttierez push forward on the crawler 's control . the head - up display project on the cab windscreen change from ' neutral ' to ' drive ' . ext . ryushi station - platform far side - night the two crawler tear out of the auto-shop 's open door , headlight blaze . int . first crawler cab - night guttierez brace himself as they speed on a collision course towards the ditch crawler they leave outside auto-shop earlier . guttierez shit ! ext . ryushi station - platform far side - night ker-smasm ! guttierez ' crawler ram the other vehicle off the roadway and through the platform safety barrier . it balance precariously for a second , until finally it 's weight send it plunging into the swamp in a cacophony of stressed metal and crumbling concrete . int . second crawler cab - night matt yee-haa ! demolition derby , baby ! ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - night holding the crack mask to he face , broken tusk look up at the gigantic crane move against the night sky . predator vision . although the helmet 's nightsight be malfunction , it 's still good enough to register the ' hot ' infra-re shape of hiroko on the catwalk . the sound of the two crawler hurtle across the platform get broken tusk 's attention . ext . ryushi station - crane catwalk - night hiroko get a firm grasp on one of the railing rung , anchore herself . stretch for the pistol with renew determination . she brushes the barrel . not good enough . tries again . success ! her finger curl around the weapon , and she tug it upwards . ext . ryushi station - platform - night the two crawler plunge into the curtain of flame spread across the platform . int . first crawler cab - night do vry yell at guttierez over the roar of the flame . do vry hotter and hell out there ! ext . ryushi station - crane base - night hiroko leap the last few rung from the move crane onto the platform . she dash towards the hoverbike , some thirty foot away . with no time to loose , she slide she boot into the foot - support , which automatically whirr close . grope for the ignition key ... before she 's even locate it , the hoverbike move . scraping across the concrete . alien claw appear around the edge of one of the bike 's manta wing . she 's park the bike over a drainage exit ! hiroko spin the key and gun the engine . the white - hot downblast from the turbine exhaust splashes across the screeching alien . the vehicle tilt and kick forward . ext . ryushi station - platform - night the two crawler emerge from the conflagration , scorched and trail fire . in the background , the crane-hoist center over the admin module . catwalk p.o.v. , look straight down . four laser scan quickly around the module 's edge . int . ryushi station - crane cab - night a blink message on the crane 's monitor screen : positive match . commence lifting operation . ext . ryushi station - platform far side - night the sound of shredd metal make hiroko look down . a alien be hang on the underside of the bike ! she twist the throttle , reduce acceleration and cause the vehicle to drop several inch . spark shower the ground from where the creature make contact with the roadway . the alien 's determination be astounding . it 's tail slam up through the alloy ' wing ' , anchore it . the biomechanoid start to pull itself up , shifting the bike 's center of gravity . she fight the control , but find herself swerving . one - hand , she take aim . blam ! blam ! she miss the alien , rupture a fuel pipe instead . ext . ryushi station - platform - night the crane 's clamping mechanism close around the admin module , lock into place . int . ryushi station - command CENTER clang ! everybody react as the SOUND penetrate through the wall and echoes around admin . parson okay , people . hold on tight ... ext . ryushi station - platform - night the crane hoist the module aloft , free of it 's umbilical . int . ryushi station - command CENTER pencils , disposable cup , and anything else not bolt down all roll from table - top . most be grab by they owner . ext . ryushi station - platform far side - night hiroko 's bike veer blindly around the corner of a building , with hiroko still shoot . she look up and she eye widen . ahead be the out -of-control blaze . a tongue of flame lick out across the platform , directly in she path . hiroko slide the gun quickly into she shoulder - holster and duck for cover behind the bike 's windshield . the alien 's head twist around , and they plunge into the inferno ... whoomph ! the liquid from the breach pipe ignites , trail a plume of yellow flame . hiroko jam down on the foot- release and wrench the steering bar hard to the right . she leap for safety as the burn bike with it 's alien passenger crash through the station 's safety - rail and plummet into the swamp . ext . ryushi station - platform ramp - night the two crawler thunder down the ramp . guttierez ' vehicle pull into a tight right turn , while matt 's continue on it 's course . the crane with it 's underslug module continue to rumble slowly forward . ext . ryushi station - platform far side - night hiroko mechanically try to get up from the concrete roadway . wince . something hurt . she look down at the back of she leave hand . the skin have be scrape away . a distant noise , something else be break . hiroko turn . through the conflagration , alien be advance . ext . ryushi station - big bertha - night guttierez ' smolder crawler pull - up alongside Big bertha 's titanic wheel . int . first crawler - night guttierez turn he head to one of the guy in the rear . guttierez take the wheel , Roy ! ext . ryushi station - big bertha - night guttierez and do vry exit the crawler in a big hurry . the moment they be clear , the vehicle start up and be go . do vry be alert , the tip of she rifle probing they surroundings . do vry c'mon , man ! let 's shag it ! guttierez begin climb the tall ladder run up to the bertha 's cab . ext . ryushi station - platform - night hiroko 's run along the platform , pistol clench firmly in hand . she thumb she headset . hiroko Rob , it 's hiroko . come in . int . ryushi station - command CENTER cassie answer , hold on to the edge of she console . cassie hiroko , it 's cassie . what 's ... hiroko 's voice interrupt . hiroko ( o.s. , on speaker ) I have lose the bike and I be cut -off . ext . ryushi station - platform - night hiroko spin around the corner , point she gun cop-stance . hiroko ( cont 'd ) if I can get to the chopper , I will meet you at the rendezvous . do not wait for I . int . ryushi station - command CENTER cassie but ... ext . ryushi station - platform - night the heli - jet pad 's just up ahead . the relief on hiroko 's face be enormous . hiroko no ' but ' . just do it . noguchi out . int . big bertha - night guttierez and do vry pile inside the surprisingly cramped driver 's cab . there 's a seat up - front , with another behind a small control fascia point out - back . do vry hand over she rifle and slide into the rear . she flick on a overhead light . tape to one side be a black - and - white magazine cut - out of a naked male body - builder . do vry Nice bun ... she give the control board a cursory once - over . guttierez call back from he vantage point at the doorway . guttierez can you handle it ? do vry power - up the console . do vry piece of cake . ext . ryushi station - heli - jet pad - night hiroko run towards the wait heli-jet . the flicker of a andrenalin-fueled smile play on she face ... the disappear . like a scorpion scuttling over a rock , the alien climb up on top of the ground machine . it 's head turn towards she . hiroko start to raise she pistol ... then stop . other alien be descend the nearby navigation tower ... straight for she . hiroko turn tail . she race over to a ladder run up the side of a building and begin to climb . ext . ryushi station - big bertha - night the shadow of the crane and it 's cargo fall over Big bertha 's rear flatbe . flash warning strobe illuminate the twin hydraulic arm which rise up to meet it . int . big bertha - night do vry twist on the ' waldo ' control operate the manipulator hand . ext . swamp - night alien rise up out of the swamp below , and start to scale bertha 's balloon tire . int . big bertha - night guttierez fire a barrage down at the oncoming creature . he hollers back to do vry . guttierez move it baby , or they be gonna be chewin ' on my cojone ! do vry couple more second ! ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - night hiroko take flight across the rooftop with the alien in pursuit like a pack of dog . she vault extractor intake and retrofitted junk with ease . so do the alien . she cut across a conduit overpass bridge two building across the main street , try not to lose she foot . just before reach the other side , hiroko slip and fall to she knee . her headset drop thirty foot onto the concrete roadway . her hand rest on something red . it 's the cover for the explosive bolt connect the conduit to the building . she scramble onto the rooftop and flip over the hatch . glance up . the alien be already start across . she pull the primer cylinder out by it 's handle . jam it into the detonator , and turn ... she 's practically on top of the bolt . the explosion be deafening . with the clamp on this side free , the conduit fall into the street with a screech of twisted metal . one of the alien be pulverize by the fall debris , but the other survive . all hiroko 's manage to do be buy herself some breathe space ... she race across the building 's roof . reaches the other side ... straight into a dead end . ext . ryushi station - big bertha - night the admin module lock onto bertha 's manipulator arm with a satisfy clunk . autocoupler slot into place , and the crane release it 's load . int . ryushi station - command CENTER the connect jolt be even great then before . several larger object crash to the deck . int . big bertha - night do vry that 's it ! we have get it ! get we out of here . guttierez loose one last volley at the alien . he pull the cab door shut , and throw himself into the driver 's seat . guttierez c'mon sweetheart . do you stuff ... ext . swamp - night bertha 's wheel grind to life , spilling alien and crush they under it 's tread ... ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - night hiroko 's p.o.v . it 's a straight drop thirty foot onto concrete , with no ladder or any other way down . she look desperately around for another avenue of escape . the leer face of a alien come up over the roof 's edge . hiroko swing she pistol over and fire . it fall away ... only to be replace second later by two other . her gun go dry . Quick as a flash , she eject the spend magazine . she slap the spare in and continue fire . int . big bertha - night Big bertha 's head away from the base into the surround tree . guttierez grit he tooth as they plunge towards the high branch . guttierez get down ! do vry hit the floor . the thick bough impact with the cab , shatter the safety glass . ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - night bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! click . hiroko 's gun 's empty . she reach for another clip on she bandolier ... then realise that be she last one . the encircle alien hiss triumphantly and close in . with no place to go , and no mean of defend herself , hiroko 's a goner . the lead alien 's lethal double - barrel tooth open . it 's almost on she . hiroko cry out ... whoosh ! the alien 's face be severe in half . a circular metal object blur through the air and loop back on itself , almost faster then the human eye can follow . a massive form slam down in front of hiroko , push she out of the way . she hit the deck hard and gasp . broken tusk be stand before she . he skillfully catch the frisbee - like ' smart weapon ' , then throw it again . hiroko watch with awe as the predator join battle against the alien . hissing alien jaw be silence by broken tusk 's formidable fight technique . questing limb be blasted and hacked away by advanced predator weaponry . acidic blood flow freely . the skirmish be surprisingly brief . broken tusk and hiroko stare at one another . broken tusk pull a sling metal rod from he shoulder . two barb tip schnick outward , form a spear . the predator look at she , and he lip curl . it take a second for hiroko to realise he 's offer it to she . bewildere , she accept it , pull herself up . a bright orange ball of flame mushroom up behind , get both of they attention . broken tusk regards she . his mandible click -clack nervously ... hiroko look . do not take this the wrong way , but when I imagine the cavalry come to my rescue ... they never look like you . the predator turn away , seemingly uninterested . ext . ryushi station - platform - night another gout of flame belches out of the churn mass in the middle of the station . ext . ryushi station - rooftop level - night hiroko turn she recover headset over in she hand . hiroko ( cont 'd ) Broken . useless ! she throw it aside . broken tusk stand beside she , keep guard . another detonation go off behind , even louder . hiroko ( cont 'd ) jesus. i.c.c. be gonna have to close the book on this place . she slap broken tusk on the arm . hiroko ( cont 'd ) come on , butch . let 's go . she begin to walk away . broken tusk cross to the safety barrier , peer over the side ... hiroko ( cont 'd ) hey ! I say come on ! the predator turn a deaf ear to she . he gauge the distance below , then throw himself off the platform 's edge . hiroko ( cont 'd ) what ...? she race across to the rail and gaze downward . hiroko's p.o.v . the predator wade through the swamp towards something she cannot see . hiroko look around the platform . she 's suddenly very alone . hiroko ( cont 'd ) shit ! she cross to a maintenance ladder and begin to descend . ext . ryushi station - swamp level - night hiroko splashes through the swamp towards the predator . broken tusk have pause before a culvert nestle within the shadow of the platform pier , run directly out into the swamp . most of the drain be underwater , with only about eight inch protrude from the water . the thick metal grille cover it be mangle and twisted . Broken from within . hiroko ( cont 'd ) you have get to be joke . no way be I go back in there ! no joke . broken tusk start submerging to get across inside . hiroko ( cont 'd ) hey ! broken tusk pause for a moment . he give she a look , then disappear into the blackness . hiroko look around . it 's no fun be the last person leave alive here . hiroko ( cont 'd ) goddammit ! she take several deep breath , then reluctantly follow ... int . ryushi station - sewer system - culvert hiroko emerge within a air pocket inside the drain . she shiver . it 's just as dirty and cramped as she remember . several of the maintenance light down here be break , and visibility be minimal . hiroko ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) wha ...? broken tusk whirl , and clamp a hand across she mouth . she get the message . int . ryushi station - sewer system - central reservoir they exit the culvert through another smashed grate . hiroko find herself back in the Central reservoir again . she wade through the water behind broken tusk , hold the spear above she head . the two of they look very vulnerable in here . they pass beneath the pulsating sac hiroko see earlier . it look riper now , ready to burst . a insidious pulsing noise - like a heartbeat - gain in volume the further they travel . int . ryushi station - sewer system - pump chamber they come out in a chamber some forty foot in height and dominate by a enormous pump . alien gunk cover everything . hiroko gasp . High above it a queen alien , nest on top of the vast mechanism . it 's egg sac drape around the pump ; spiraling down around it . she seem to be asleep . broken tusk ignore the queen . his eye be search the multitude of form - human and otherwise - cocoon into the wall . he find what he 's look for . up on one wall be another predator . Dead . it 's stomach blow open . hiroko hold she spear tightly . facehugger pulse malignantly , wrap around several trap victim . a number of empty egg be scattered here - and -there . broken tusk look around . no alien . he begin climb the organic fresco , watch the queen alien carefully for sign of awareness . the bellow - like SOUND of she breathing be overwhelming . he reach the entrap predator . it 's leave arm be encase in a solidify mass of secrete resin . broken tusk raise he ' smart weapon ' and activate it . the splintering noise make hiroko wince . she glance up at the queen . it 's breathe start to change , and it 's head move ... broken tusk see it too . he hesitates for a moment . the queen settles , and she breathe go back to normal . broken tusk resume he work , chipping off the final chunk of coating . he sheathes the ' smart weapon ' , and flip open the other predator 's wrist device . he withdraw the small manipulator device we see earlier , and go to work ... down below , hiroko 's back away . she do not see the arm coat in slime that grasp at she hair . she shudder , stifling a scream . her eye be wide as she turn ... it 's kamen . he 's be embed into the biomechanical frieze . when he speak , he voice be wrack with pain and suffer . kamen hiroko ... hiroko fearfully say something beneath she breath in japanese . up on the wall , broken tusk have finish he task . he slide the tip of a claw across the self - destruct mechanism . it 's readout display illuminate with alien character . he activate a button , and the readout begin to blink ... below , kamen be talk to a sicken hiroko . kamen ( cont 'd ) they ... they snap my leg to fit ... fit I in here . I do not ... remember what happen next . hiroko what can I do ? kamen I can ... feel it move around inside I . you have get to kill I . hiroko I ... I can not ! kamen you have to ... hiroko no ! broken tusk appear as hiroko 's shoulder . he raise he right arm . schnick ! the wrist knife slice outward . Red blood spatter hiroko 's pale face . broken tusk grab she arm roughly and pull she away . int . ryushi station - sewer system - central reservoir broken tusk push hiroko through the reservoir . a alien egg on a nearby wall peel OPEN . before the facehugger even have a chance to spring , broken tusk swing he wrist - blade in a wide arc , cut through the egg and it 's writhe content . the two of they reach the deep end and have to wade . hiroko push herself along the biomechanical outcropping . ahead of they be the pulsing sac . before they be even pass beneath it , they hear something . a SOUND like water - fill balloon hit wet concrete . the sac rupture , spattering thick gloopy matter . a form comprise of slender limb emerge from within . a immature queen alien . though just - bear , it 's reflex be razor-sharp . it lash out at hiroko and broken tusk . hiroko duck , and the queen 's claw emb themselves in broken tusk 's shoulder , destroy he automatic cannon . ext . ryushi station - platform - pre-dawn a vast explosion rip through the base , broiling cloud of flame roll across the platform and seeping into the drainage duct . int . ryushi station - sewer system - pump chamber column of fire jet from fissure and opening inside the Pump chamber , rippling across the adult queen alien and she hapless victim . she begin to scream , flail around atop she metal throne ... int . ryushi station - sewer system - central reservoir the adult queen 's shriek echoe through the reservoir , accompany by a ball of fire that travel part of the way down . the immature queen turn she head in reply , answer with she own yowl . broken tusk hiss with hate , and bring he ' smart weapon ' slicing down through she arm , sever it at the wrist . hiroko simultanesouly drive she spear into the alien 's chest . she grab the injure predator and pull he away from the thrashing creature . hiroko come on ! come on ! int . ryushi station - sewer system - pump chamber the alien number on the predator self - destruct readout inexorably count down ... ext . ryushi station - platform - pre-dawn the metal plug hiroko blow during she earlier escape still lie to one side of the duct hiroko and broken tusk crawl hastily out of . fireballs be erupting all around now , make they situation precarious . ext . ryushi station - crane catwalk - pre-dawn from a vantage point high above , we see hiroko and broken tusk racing across the platform towards the heli-jet pad . ext . ryushi station - platform - pre-dawn broken tusk stumble and fall . hiroko bend down to help he up , but the predator shove she away . he do not want she assistance . hiroko if you do not move you ugly butt , we be gonna end up barbecue ! come on ! ext . ryushi station - heli - jet pad - pre-dawn hiroko run towards the wait heli-jet , with the predator close behind . the landing pad be make up of a intricate series of grille design to deflect downward exhaust gas . hiroko 's foot clatter across the metal ... ker-smash ! the metal be smashed from beneath , right in front of she . the immature alien queen have make be out of the sewer system and have get the jump on they . hiroko 's forward momentum will not allow she to stop run ... she 's too close . almost at the last moment , she jump . claw brush she trouser leg , but close on thin air . she hit the deck and quickly close the last few foot to the chopper . broken tusk stop . alien be appear all over the pad and out of nearby drainage duct . int . chopper - pre-dawn hiroko slip into the chopper 's pilot seat . she flip a bunch of switch and the turbine rise in volume from a low whine to a dull roar . ext . ryushi station - heli - jet pad - pre-dawn a orange ball of flame mushroom up behind broken tusk . with the alien block he path , there 's no refuge for he . almost . the navigation Tower loom overhead , nearby . broken tusk take a calculate risk and leap for it . int . chopper - pre-dawn the heli-jet fly pretty much like a standard helicopter . hiroko pull - back on the collective , and the turbine ' pitch change from a throaty growl to a high - pitched whine . ext . ryushi station - heli - jet pad - pre-dawn the heli - jet rise , a little unsteadily . the wash from the turbine play across the shrieking alien . int . chopper - pre-dawn hiroko's p.o.v . through the canopy dome , we see broken tusk climb the navigation Tower , with the alien close behind . hiroko okay , butch . I can play cavalry , too ... ext . ryushi station - navigation tower - pre-dawn broken tusk scale the ladder as quickly as he can . as the top of the tower be a gallery catwalk surround the flash beacon array . the immature queen , accompany by a phalanx of warrior alien , be almost upon he . the predator drive he wrist knife into the throat of a grasp alien , which fall downward , writhe . it crash into the queen , who almost lose she grip on the skeletal metalwork . she hiss , lash out at the creature . send it hurtle to the ground . ext . ryushi station - tower catwalk - pre-dawn broken tusk make it to the top . there 's not much space on the catwalk to maneuver . he look around , then down . this be he last stand . instinctively , he reach down to he wrist for the self - destruct computer . of course , it 's not there . int . ryushi station - sewer system - pump chamber the third row of digit on the alien destruct mechanism disappear . time 's run out ... fast . ext . ryushi station - tower catwalk - pre-dawn broken tusk smashes he foot hard into the face of a alien . a blast of displace air hit he like a sledgehammer . he turn ... hiroko 's heli-jet hover stationary just a few foot away from the tower , the door on the co-pilot 's side flap open . she hollers at the predator over the roar of the engine . hiroko c'mon ! jump ! broken tusk look down . it 's a long drop ... but it 's the best option available to he . he jump . thwack ! his hand grip the door frame . the heli-jet wobble slightly , it 's center of gravity shifting . broken tusk haul himself up and through the door as ... ... ker -blam ! a massive explosion mushroom up from the base as the storage tank below ignite . the shock wave buffet the chopper against the tower . int . chopper - pre-dawn broken tusk 's p.o.v . the grin face of the young queen get suddenly closer as the heli - jet be propel towards the metal structure . ext . ryushi station - navigation tower - pre-dawn crunch ! the chopper hit , knock several alien from they handhold . one of the queen 's arm shoot out , wrapping itself around the port engine mount . int . chopper - pre-dawn hiroko push on the stick . the heli- jet pull away ... then tilt violently to one side , engine desperately try to compensate . ext . ryushi station - pre-dawn the queen be hang from the beleaguere craft , it 's weight draw it slowly down . in the background , the navigation Tower begin to slowly collapse . int . chopper - pre-dawn hiroko wrestle the overtaxe control . hiroko shit ! broken tusk turn towards she . hiroko ( cont 'd ) in the back ! in the back ! the predator may not understand she word , but he can follow the frantic jerk of she hand . he twist around to look in the chopper 's rear . ext . ryushi station - pre-dawn hiroko pilot the heli- jet over the station 's storage tank . the conflagration below have get completely out - of-hand . ext . chopper - pre-dawn the queen be start to struggle up , it 's arm flail for purchase . int . chopper - pre-dawn broken tusk pull out a pulse- rifle from the rear . he quickly take stock of it . hiroko watch you shot ! if you hit the engine you will blow we both to hell ! broken tusk go for the trigger . his index finger will not slide into the trigger guard ... it 's too big ! he take the guard in both hand and exert pressure . SNAP . Problem solve . int . ryushi station - sewer system - pump chamber bleep ! there 's only one set of digit leave on the destruct device 's display counter . ext . chopper - pre-dawn a red dot of light run across the queen 's head . she must sense it somehow . her head come round to bear ... broken tusk 's get the pulse- rifle train right on she . broken tusk chew ...on ... this ...! blam ! a round open a nice , neat hole in the queen 's head . she yowls . blam ! a second round do the job . the queen relinquish she grip and fall , screeching all the way down into the raging inferno below . int . ryushi station - sewer system - pump chamber the last segment of the destruct mechanism 's display disappear . we hear a high -pitched tone . int . chopper - pre-dawn hiroko throw the joystick forward . ext . ryushi station - pre-dawn the heli-jet accelerate hell - for-leather away . a incandescent ball of ENERGY expands outward , vaporise the station and most of the surround bayou for about a mile 's radius . ext . linson be range - encampment - pre-dawn Big bertha 's park by the blink blue beacon tower , site of the ill - fated hunt expedition . about a dozen or so people be milling around , smoking cigarettes or talk . matt and do vry be lean against the wheel of matt 's crawler . they feel the concussive shock - wave , and look upward . they p.o.v . above the treetop , a blind white - light blur out the horizon ... matt Holy shit ! int . chopper - pre-dawn gauge and other instrument be go crazy as the heli- jet ride the turbulence out . ext . chopper - pre-dawn a chunk of metal be propel through the air and rip into the chopper 's starboard engine . there 's a burst of flame , then the extinguishers cut in . int . chopper - pre-dawn the heli -jet 's buck like a bronco now , and they be lose height rapidly . hiroko we have lose the starboard engine ! we be go down ! hold on ! ext . chopper - pre-dawn the chopper clip the tree bough , and bounce . int . chopper - pre-dawn hiroko and broken tusk be hurl around the cockpit like rag doll . the glass crack with the impact . hiroko's p.o.v. leave , twig , and branch rush past as the heli- jet break through the canopy of foliage . ext . swamp - pre-dawn the heli-jet plough into the swamp floor with a sicken crunch , spraying mud all around . int . chopper - pre-dawn the canopy implode . a hail of glass shard rip through the cockpit , spraying across hiroko and cut she skin . she scream . ext . swamp - pre-dawn the chopper come to rest in the swamp . the squawking of the local wildlife o.s. gradually die down . int . chopper - pre-dawn hiroko move she head , and groans . there 's a nasty gash across she forehead . she turn to broken tusk . the door frame on he side be buckle and twisted . part of the metal have shear off , it 's sharp end impale he through the shoulder . the predator cough luminous green blood . hiroko we have gotta get you out of here . ext . swamp - dawn the sun begin to rise as hiroko exit the heli- jet and go around to the other side . she manage to get the mangle door open . broken tusk 's wound look even worse up - close . hiroko ( cont 'd ) hold on . this be gonna hurt some . hiroko get she arm under broken tusk 's shoulder . the predator brace himself , and start to move . the agony be excruciate ; he mandible open and he let out a leonine roar . hiroko help he out of the seat . the predator get unsteadily to he foot . what happen next be totally unexpected . broken tusk 's throat burst , fountain green blood . shock , hiroko get out of the path of the predator 's tumble mass . she look up . the alien stowaway on the roof of the chopper retract it 's sledgehammer tongue , it 's head follow she movement . the predator 's ' smart ' weapon have drop to the floor and be lay blade - down in the mire . hiroko scoops up , activate it and scramble away . she get to she foot and hold the humming disc before she . the alien climb warily down from the heli-jet , and the two opponent face each other like sumo wrestler . hiroko assume a defensive stance , hold the disc ready to strike . the alien hiss , it 's tail stinger come around . it leap for she , and battle be join . the alien lash out , but hiroko counter by swinging the weapon time and time again . with each thrust , surgically thin wound open up on the biomechanoid 's body . one of the alien 's attack send she reeling to the floor , it 's stinger arching towards she . she parry , slice the tail in half and struggle to she foot . the alien strike again . hiroko feint , then thrust , lopping off one of it 's hand . the alien howl with pain , blind lash out at she and send the ' smart ' weapon fly from she grip . she 's lose , and the creature know it . it 's lip curl into a snarl . ker -pow ! ker - pow ! the alien 's head detonate , and it 's skeletal body slump forward to splash into the swamp ... revealing broken tusk point the pulse rifle . the die predator gurgle , he head droop . hiroko stumble across to he . broken tusk 's in a bad way , green gore be pulsing freely from it 's throat . it gaze up at hiroko . broken tusk not ... a pretty ... sight ... and with that , the predator die . hiroko look around . the sun be rise above the treetop , and the set be serene . somehow beautiful . the speaker in the heli-jet cabin crackle to life , jarring she . voice ( o.s. , on speaker ) rimward track Station , this be the one thirty - second rim Corp battalion operate out of the cruiser tartarus from Fort Powell . please respond . over . there 's a sound o.s. , like a thunderclap . hiroko survey the horizon . hiroko 's p.o.v . a pair of marine dropship float above the distant rainforest , they weapon arm unfurl like exotic armed insect . searchlight probe the ground far below . a shadow fall over hiroko , block out the sun . a monstrous shape occupy the air above , delineate only by a telltale vibration . the predator shuttlecraft lower it 's cloaking device , extend landing gear and a ramp . it touch down in the bayou with scarcely a whisper . hiroko watch the predator file slowly out . broken tusk 's body be borne aloft and carry back inside . the lead predator turn to hiroko . he cross to she . hiroko 's face be reflect in the facete eyepiece of the predator 's helmet . the extraterrestrial hunter pull out he telescopic spear . ker-chunk ! the tip lock into place . the predator offer it to hiroko . she accept , a little confuse . there 's a long moment . the predator be still stand there . wait . hiroko 's eye narrow . her mind be work furiously . what do they want ? she realise . it suddenly become clear . she smile . hiroko yeah . why not . hiroko glance back at the hover dropship , then walk around the wait predator and into the shuttlecraft without look back . the predator follow she . the ramp slam close , as we ... CUT to black the end