alien III screenplay by John fasano Story by Vincent Ward &amp ; John fasano first draft March 29 , 1990 " but how will you die when you time come , narcissus , since you have no mother ? without a mother , one can not love . without a mother , one cannot die . " - hesse alien III the screen be black a pinpoint of light appear . Red . a ember . unseen bellows blow . glass furnace the ember glow . flame . the fire grow . a river of molten glass heated by the furnace to over 1,300 degree fahrenheit . White hot . glass factory flicker flame cast dance shadow on wooden wall . coarsely grain wood . moisture blast out by year of intense heat . timber split . patched with new wood , it too now old and dry . smoke billow up the wall . hang as a angry , black cloud amongst the rafter and beam of the vault ceiling . almost obscure -- a man on a narrow ledge , twenty foot about the glasswork ' floor . his clothing be medieval . a rough texture cassock . he be a monk . louver be set into the wall . he angle they open . the smoke begin to escape . the monk turn , raise arm and leap from he lofty perch -- gently glide down to the floor with the aid of a flowing fox -- a primitive hand - hold pulley that run down a rope . he land next to the glass furnace , surround by -- more monk by they dress . with blow Iron and pontil . they blow and shape the molten glass . crack off the finish piece . the old way . one particular monk Black skinned , early fifty . stir he five foot long blow iron in the molten glass , but he be watch something else . it move he to song . lilt tenor lift high into the air . this be brother kyle . brother kyle well would he guess the ascend of the star , wherein he patient 's fortune settle be . he know the course of every malady , be it of cold or heat or moist or dry . brother John , would - be doctour of physick . we see the object of he song : brother JOHN not yet forty . strong feature , but fear behind the eye . the fear that come from a lack of inner confidence . a good face , nonetheless . he stir a thick mixture in a mortar . next to he another monk sit hold he arm out in front of he , cassock sleeve roll up , revealing a vicious burn . brother kyle tend you quickly he will , with bottle from a shelf . but heal not , so easily , the ill which plague himself . brother John stop stir . brother JOHN ( to Kyle ) enough . he scoops the salve out with he finger and apply it to the burn monk 's arm . the burn monk inhales sharpley as the cool mixture contact the injure area . brother JOHN ( to the burn monk ) relax . ( to Kyle ) put that lung of yours to better use . brother kyle yes , Doc Tor . Kyle laugh , remove the blow iron from the molten glass -- a blob of white hot glass hang on the end . he roll the blob on the marver , a flat , polished piece of iron , then begin to blow a bottle shape container . John wrap a fray-edged cloth bandage around the burn . JOHN keep this from get wet . go home at late afternoon mealtime and do not come back to work today -- burned monk but John -- JOHN I will tell the abbot . just rest today . you be lucky you only burn yourself on the side of the furnace . if some of that glass have get on you arm -- he point to the top of he forearm . JOHN -- it would have burn clean through to the other side . he mime a drop down from the bottom of he arm . the burn monk shudder at the think . bell toll . JOHN that 's late afternoon . now get on . burned monk thank you , John . I -- JOHN you be welcome . go ! the burn monk trundle off , injure arm against he chest . John gather he mortar , pestle , and extra bandage into a burlap sack . Kyle come over . kyle good work . JOHN all right , but I be no Father anselm . kyle you be yourself , that 's better ... Kyle push he through the door ... into the hallway the hallway be alive with cassocked monk . they low chanting reverberate throughout the building . the wooden floorboard creak beneath they combine weight . this be obviously a medieval monastery ... kyle the abbot will be pleased . JOHN do not . kyle do not what ? JOHN please do not tell he . at least until I know if there 's a infection . kyle you want to be the Abbey 's physician , and you have not learn the first rule : do not worry about the patient . John 's face drop . kyle I should not have . sorry . look , I know how you must -- JOHN you do not , but thanks anyway . at the end of the hallway a wide stairwell . a constant stream of monk all move down the stair . come from floor above . headed for lunch . Kyle start down . John start up -- kyle not come down ? JOHN I have someone wait for I . Kyle disappear into the crowd . John move up ... the stairway a river of brown cassock run downstream . John be the only one move against the flow . he exit the stairwell -- one floor up a narrow corridor line with doorway . John move to one in particular . he do not even look as he grab the door knob . this be he room . he open the door -- in brother john' room a old , wear out dog lay in wait on a old , wear out cassock which be now serve as its bed . at the sight of John it stand . JOHN come on , mattias . the dog , mattias , join he in the hall . monk and pet disappear up a flight of stair . past another dozen or so monk who be on they way down . int . library a vast room fill with row of wooden table with low bench between aisle after aisle of floor - to- ceiling wooden shelf jamme to capacity with book of all shape and size . million of book , from the look of it . from each book hang a long chain , long enough to allow the book to be carry only as far as the nearest table . a corpulent monk - brother philip in he fifty , and the librarian by he stern affect , he position behind a broad , but also old oak desk , and the large key hang from he belt . he watch the few straggler return they chain bound volume to the shelf and head for the door , then rise and join they ... in the corridor just outside the library John lean against the wall as Philip exit . mattias be nowhere to be see . philip brother John . JOHN brother Philip . philip feed the mind instead of the body again ? JOHN my training have teach I to feed what 's hungry . Philip pat he broad stomach and head down the hallway . philip as do mine . as long as you be alone . enjoy yourself -- and remember , no book leave the library . JOHN how could I forget ? have a good meal ... John watch the corpulent librarian head down the stair . when he 's go from sight John lift the bottom of he cassock to reveal mattias . JOHN perfect . they move into the library ... the medieval section the oldest book . John move to the stack . mattias trot over to a particular bench and sit . this be he regular place . at the shelve John stand on toe tip to retrieve a ancient tome . he run he finger over the familiar leather bind . a smile play across he lip . he carry the book , place it on the edge of the table so there be slack in the chain . sit on the bench next to the dog . clear he throat , open the book , begin to read ... John ( read ) in the year of we Lord 1348 I , brother gerhado of the minorite Abbey help bury the abbot and my sixty fellow monk -- voice o/s sometimes , I think you would like that . John turn to find -- the abbot leader of the monastery . in he seventies but look young . his cassock be adorn with a large , ornately carve , wooden chain in place of a rope belt . he cross to the table . John close the book and stand , head bow in respect . John abbot , I -- I do not think anyone would -- abbot mind ? just Philip , if he know . I pass he on the way up . he say you would come in alone . I know better . he scratch the back of mattias ' neck . abbot hello , mattias . how be you , boy ? the dog snuffles in response . abbot you know what Philip say about mattias ' hair and he breathe . you will have to take he out of here . JOHN he like when I read to he and -- I can not -- John look down sheepishly . though nearly forty , he feel almost adolescent in the presence of the abbot . the abbot pull a large key from he pocket . abbot ( smile ) someone must have leave this one unlock . take the book with you . he hand the key to John , who be shocked -- this be a great honor . JOHN Father , I --? abbot Kyle tell I you do a good job at the glasswork today . JOHN I will reserve judgement until the patient life . John cross to the shelf and unlock he book . he return the key . abbot it will get easier . Father anselm be ... a unexpected loss . you will do fine . the abbot walk towards the door ... abbot just have it back before the end of lunch . oh -- and I do not see you in here . JOHN thank you . ( to mattias ) let 's go upstairs , boy . John take he book -- move to a spiral wooden staircase . mattias at he heel . go up -- into the bell tower the mechanic of the bell tower -- all rope and wooden cog cast scary shadow . a doorway lead to -- the roof of the abbey thick with sandy dust . the wood show through thin patch . we pull back to reveal what we think be the roof of the Abbey be actually -- the surface of arceon - night the door have open onto the surface of a plantoid ! the curving horizon break only by the very top of the Abbey bell tower poke through from the level below . smoke curl from vent set into the surface . sunken area of the planet 's sirface be seas . this be arceon . a manmade orbiter . a shell of lightweight foam steel , five mile in diameter . construct by the company on special order with habitable level within finish in whatever material suit its end user . this orbiter , for reason to be discover later , have be sheathed in wood . JOHN walk to the shore of a inland sea . sit on a bare patch of wood . look up . his eye grow accustom to -- the night sky - JOHN Pov freckle with tiny dot of light . star . spread across the inky void . bathe arceon 's surface with they celestial glow . John smile at mattias , breathes deep . the atmosphere up here be thin , but fresher . he open the book . read aloud -- JOHN in the year of we Lord 1348 I , brother gerhado of the minorite Abbey help bury the abbot and my sixty fellow monk , day by day , one by one , until I be the only one leave . I stay as long as I could bear it , then with my dog -- mattias lift he ear at this part . his favorite part . JOHN - fle . I have put this to parchment lest this pestilence - this Black death - stay my hand . ( beat ) this be finish by another hand ... John close the book . something catch he eye -- something among the myriad point of light in the sky . million of mile away : one of the star brighter than the rest . moving . fast enough to leave a faint trail . across the star . and down ... a comet . John stand . watch -- the STAR grow brighter . drawing nearer . JOHN join by three other monk . they be older than he . the four man watch the sky ... the STAR brighter still . closer . more monk two dozen . a hundred . they come up through the planet 's surface . out of wooden trap door . join the other . day pass . now three hundred . neck bow back . mouth agape . a subtitle identify ... RELIGIOUS colony arceon ----------------------- population : 350 exile crime : political heresy the STAR fill the sky . burn brighter still as it hit the planetoid 's atmosphere . on the surface of arceon hundred of monk shield they eye as the ship -- the star -- roar over they head . trail FIRE -- John hold up he hand - to touch a star -- skin blister as it pass over he , he turn and watch as it -- arc downward -- into the sea whomp - ssssssssss --!! plume of steam rise into the air . the water boil . Fish bob to the surface . bloat . Dead . JOHN be the first to hit the shore . small leather and wood fishing boat toss by the wake . his coracle be the first into the water . the other run up behind he . he can not hear the shout of warning . on the sea - dawn the sun crack over the black water . John 's hand move the rough wooden oar . blister palm open . blood flow . he tear off a piece of he cassock -- rip it with he tooth -- wrap the bloody hand . row . the STAR ship . Star ship . sulaco escape vehicle # 4 rock on the water . White metal skin blacken by the heat . JOHN row right into it . his coracle pitch in the choppy surf . he scramble onto the ship 's crack tile surface . teeter -- balance -- move to the unmistakeable hatch . look around for a knob , a handle -- next to the hatch a small panel door whose black and yellow stripe denote urgency . John hesitantly open the door , revealing a shiny metal lever . he stare at it ... a beat . then quickly pull it down ... wuorrrsh -! Hull door open . the doorway be a black maw . John cross himself . begins to lower he foot into the hatch -- kyle o/s watch it ! he almost fall backwards off the ship . look back -- the other monk be rapidly approach . Kyle gestulate wildly -- kyle John ! wait -- ! do not go in ! John turn back to the open hatch . Machine recirculate air flow out . he feel it on the skin of he face . cool. cool , and artificial . it call to he . he step in . swallow by the blackness -- whoosh-clang -! the door close behind he . int . sulaco escape pod # 4 - day Dark . dim red light . John stand still as he eye adjust to the darkness . he see : newt' hyper sleep tube a glass and metal coffin -- pneumatic piping twine around its base . the glass lid be broken . a small red light pulse at the head of the tube -- a soft voice and tone , like you seat belt warning -- be audible ... computer voice ( sotto ) seal break ... seal break ... John find himself move towards the tube ... look through the break lid : in the tube there be a splatter blood stain on the sterile white interior . old , turn rust-brown . whatever happen here happen a while ago . rust color drip trail down to -- the floor drag mark . his eye follow the stain to a pile of bloody clothing against a control panel . a jumpsuit . torn. child size . the head of child 's doll , but no body to be find . JOHN look back towards the door . part of he want to get the hell out here -- but he fight back he fear . he be a doctor - or try to be - someone in here may need he help . he press forward -- avert he gaze from the clothing , up to the blink and glow instrument panel and they myraid -- light pressure light . data light . warning light . thousands of light . like the star in the sky . it 's be decade since he 's see technology like this -- and never this close up . he step further into the ship , he fear now replace by fascination , follow the light .... on a pale GREEN screen LED number race -- 7,291.01.05...06...07 a legand identify " elapsed since separation . " he move on ... a video monitor through scan bar of snow , a image : a woman with a young girl stand in front of she . the woman 's arm be wrap around the girl . protective . maternal . the woman speak . her message repeat itself . a tape loop , although John have no idea what that be . woman ... take pod four . the Crew of the ss sulaco and all Marine commando be dead . ship 's sensor have interrupt the hyper sleep cycle . a overlook alien egg have hatched . Bishop and hick have be kill . xenomorph have infest the cruiser . newt and I be take pod four . the Crew of ... the warning tone of the woman 's message rekindle John 's fear . he move more hesitantly around the periphery of the ship , follow the trail of blink instrument -- drawn to touch a button . click ... something tentacle -like drop down on he shoulder ! just a oxygen mask . John feel he rapidly beat heart as he push aside the plastic , dangle object and continue around the shuttle . his hand brushes over a sensor which respond by lighting and -- hsssssssss -! a blast of freon shoot out of a overhead pipe -- John shout and back up into -- another hyper sleep tube !!! next to newt 's now empty tube . humming gently . still operational . John approach it cautiously . he can make out the occupant through the lid ... a woman the woman from the screen . this be ripley . in hypersleep . wearing a white cotton tank top and boxer- type short . Christ , she look beautiful . John look from ripley to she image on the monitor , then back . sink to he knee , reverent . fascination have replace fear again . move he face closer to the lid . closer to hers ... daylight spill in -- John 's head whip towards the source of the light -- the door open . Kyle and the other monk . kyle John - what be it ? be this a supply ship ? JOHN no . no supplies . Kyle , there 's someone in here -- the second monk look at Kyle . second monk this be forbidden . kyle John . just get the hell out of there -- JOHN I do not want to stay . I have to get she out before this sink . you come in , give I a hand -- kyle her ? look , this be not the supply ship , so this be technology forbidden to we . get out of there now ! John look down at ripely . a keypad be mount at the head of the tube . a red button : " emerg -open " that 's plain enough . JOHN all right -- he press it . the tube open with a loud blast of compress air . the monk at the door recoil at the sound . CUT to : ext . space ship - on the sea - day ripley have be lower into a large coracle . John hold she in front of he . unconscious . her head loll as the boat rock on the wave . the monk start to row back to short . first monk ( reverent ) a space ship ... second monk ( even more reverent ) a woman ... kyle you should not have go in -- JOHN I be suppose to be a doctor . he push ripley 's hair away from she forehead . JOHN she could have be lose . first monk be a long time since I see either . second monk it be not sink . look at it . what be we suppose to do with it ? kyle what be it like in there --? JOHN light . so many light -- third monk tow it in . bring it in . second monk it 's evil . first monk it 's just technology . second monk evil technology . look at this fish -- third monk the abbot will know what we should do with it -- kyle just light ? JOHN machine . button . Metal . second monk see ? just look at the fish . third monk the abbot will know . second monk they be boil . this fish be boil . JOHN thousands of light . like the star . like Heaven on Earth . ripley stir in John 's arm . groan . fights to come out of she fugue state ... look around through half - lidd eye -- she be surround by row , cassocked monk . monk ? she close she eye . tries to clear the imagine . open : they be still there . she look down at the bloody hand around she waist -- realize she 's sit on someone 's lap . look back over she shoulder -- JOHN he smile at she . friendly , not sexual . ripley shake she head . tries to speak -- her lip form soundless word . she look over she other shoulder , see -- the ship - ripley Pov bob on the surface . grow small with each stroke of the oar . ripley brow knit . fights the cobweb in she brain . tries to focus on the ship -- remember . turn to John , try to speak -- ripley wait . New ... she lose consciousness . go to black ... int . the abbey - ripley's room - day streak of light move across the darkness . form pattern of light and shadow against the wooden wall . there be a sublime stillness , but come through the wall be the mute , far off sound of the Abbey -- the sawing of wood . hammering . whispered prayer . lilting song . we move down off the wall to a hand - make wooden bed . ripley in restless sleep . ext . arceon sea - dusk the water grow rough with the approach of night . wind whip across white wave top -- sprays the dozen monk who lash they boat to ripley 's ship with thick hemp rope -- start to tow it to shore ... int . ripley's room - night ripley be sleep -- but struggle against some unseen foe -- she try to sit up -- can not . tries to shake off the effect of the suspend animation ... look up through half - lidd eye : JOHN sit next to she . quite asleep . hand swathed in white bandage . Book rest on he lap . she squint to make the figure stand in the shadow behind he -- it 's skin pick up and reflect tiny point of flicker cangle light - seem to ripple as it move -- the alien Big , black shiny - smooth head move into the taper light . it move towards she , cable- like arm hold out at its side -- move out of sync with its foot -- ripley try to move - to cry out -- she can not . she can only move she eye . she look over at John , sleep peacefully . he do not notice the alien -- the alien move closer . she can feel he breath -- it evaporate the sweat on she forehead -- a chill run through she but she still can not move -- the alien stand alongside she bed . extends a six -finger hand ... gently rest it on she stomach . cock its head -- like it 's listen to something . the implication be clear . ripley find she voice -- ripley aaaaaaaaaaaargh ! her eye open wide -- she sit bolt upright . a hand move to she forehead . gently push she head back to the pillow . joh n's . JOHN you be out of it . out of it ... ripley fall back , eye glue to where the alien appear . John see she focal point , look back over he shoulder : nothing . ripley 's eye roll back into she head . she try to speak -- it be there . her hand , at she side , tighten into a fist -- John 's hand cover hers . ease the finger open again . she feel the coarse bandage against she palm . he start to read quietly from Saint augustine ' Confession . she begin to drowse again as he soft voice flow over she like wave lap against the shore ... ext . surgace of arceon - day a howling dust STORM have kick up . the monk wear small round goggle , have rag tie over they nose , as they work at a huge block and tackle arrangement -- hundred of rope grow taut . timber groan . they lift ripley 's ship -- swing it over to a large portal -- int . ripley's room - day ripley lay with eye close . muffled voice outside she door : abbot how be the woman , John ? JOHN I do not think she 's here yet . at the sound of John 's voice the slightest smile play across ripley 's sleep lip . JOHN she be close , though . as they continue talk , ripley wake . open she eye . roll over onto she side -- there be a window right next to the bed . ripley lift herself up on one elbow , look out : her Pov Garden of earthly delight ... monk labor under a beautiful , celestial blue sky -- pick apple , fishing on the water on small inland lake . work with hammer and see on small wooden cottage . lyrical . it make she feel good . she scan the countryside ... sheep graze around wooden ladder stretch hundred of foot up to the -- ripley do a take -- worker on a scaffolding with crude brushes at the end of pole -- paint the sky blue . the Abbey , the cottage , the field outside she window be all on one level - inside the planet . the vault ceiling , paint to look like the sky with huge glass " window " to allow the sunlight in , be actually the underside of the planetoid 's outer shell . ripley look back at the monk on the ground : instead of repair , they be take the cabin apart , stack the wood onto push cart -- ripley what the hell --? suddenly -- the sulaco escape ship appear in front of she . swing past she window suspend by rope . then disappear up , out of sight . ripley check she pulse . ripley this must be a dream . a bad one . she roll back onto the bed . stare up at the ceiling . above her - on the roof of the abbey monk scurry around the ship as it be lower into place on a flat area of the roof above the libaray . it seat with a deeply resounding thud ... ripley hear the SOUND and then another - she door open . she turn to find the abbot and John stand in the doorway . John wait in the doorway as the abbot cross to the chair by the bed and sit . ripley who be you ? abbot I be the abbot . leader of this colony . and you ? he smile . open. friendly . ripley ripley . how do I get here ? abbot you vehicle crash land . ( indicate John ) brother John find you and bring you here . ripley where be here ? abbot this be the minorite Abbey within the manmade orbiter arceon . ripley can I use a radio to -- abbot we have no radio here . we be a monastic order that have renounce all modern technology . we live the old way . the pure way . she shake she head . ripley uh , I - I still do not feel 100 % . whoever take I out of the stasis tube must not have run the full d-f program ... where 's newt ? the abbot look at she blankly . ripley there be a little girl with I -- abbot you be alone . ripley no . she be with I . I put she in she stasis tube -- we launch when the -- abbot you be the only live thing find aboard that vessel . the abbot watch ripley as the terrible truth overcome she -- ripley ( slowly ) oh , god. newt . she stop -- get that chill up she spine -- she realize that she must have bring the alien with she . ripley it come with we . the abbot lean in . abbot what come with you ? ripley listen -- there be a danger here . it come with I . how long have I be here ? abbot almost two day -- ripley ( calculate ) loose for two day . this planet could be overrun within the week . ripley grab the abbot by he cassock -- ripley look , there 's a xenomorph -- ( see he confusion ) a alien creature . a killer . a monster . and now it 's here . the abbot look at she the way you look at that guy on the corner of Santa monica and 3rd who 's babbling about judgement Day . the guy with he pants down around he kness . she see this , release she hold on he ... ripley calm down , ripley . okay , I be with a platoon of Colonial Marines on a mission to planetoid lv426 . we leave Earth six month ago - maybe a year -- abbot ( interrupt ) wait a moment -- the abbot become aware of John 's presence in the doorway . turn over he shoulder at he . abbot leave we . John wait there a beat , then back out and close the door . abbot continue . ripley we launch in the cruiser sulaco from gateway sub-orbital space station -- abbot not possible . ripley what do you mean ? abbot when we leave Earth seventy year ago , it be on the brink of a New Dark Age . Technology be on the verge of destroy the planet 's environment . a computer virus be threaten to wipe away all record knowledge . there do not seem to be any way it could be avert . in the almost forty year since we be tow out here in hypersleep , the news that come with occasional supply ship only get worse . finally , the ship stop come . we have to resign ourselves to the fact that worst have come to pass , and the Earth no longer exist . now she give he that look . ripley ( slowly ) uh ... all right ... forget the Earth - how many people do you have here ? let 's worry about they . warn they -- a new look overtake the abbot 's face . a look of fear . now she 's get to he - or be she ? he abruptly stand . abbot you mind be troubled . you need to rest some more . ripley I do not need rest - I need to get to you people . you have get to get to they -- tell they about the alien -- he head for the door -- abbot I have have enough for now . ripley enough ? do not you hear what I say ? it could wipe out the entire population of this planet . it may have start already - have there be any unusual death since I get here ? the abbot stop in the door - abbot no . and there will not be . the abbot slam the door behind he . the corridor outside ripley's room - day John stand nearby as the abbot address two burly monk abbot bolt it . the guard move to bolt the door . JOHN what be it -- what 's wrong ? abbot you patient be in a dangerous mental state . nobody get in or out until I say so . JOHN but i. her meal -- abbot nobody . JOHN Father , I do not understand -- the abbot turn and disappear down the hall . John look from the depart abbot to the two Guard / monk . the library - night John have he head bury in he hand . his back rise and fall with the rhythmic breathe of sleep . mattias curl up on he foot . asleep as well . wham ! the Library door fly open --! John sit bolt upright -- a hysterical monk burst in . rushes to John 's table . hysterical monk brother John ! you be here ! the abbot say you would -- I need -- you be the medic -- JOHN what ?! hysterical monk my Sandy -- she 's ill -- John try to rub the fitfull sleep out of he eye . JOHN huh ? a woman ? hysterical monk Sandy . my ewe . John return he head to the table . JOHN one of you sheep ? Jesus Christ . call a vet . hysterical monk Father anselm be the vet . John look under he arm at mattias -- the dog just stare at he . JOHN you be no help . okay , let I get my bag . all creature great and small ... int . hysterical monk' barn - night a small structure housing a handful of sheep and a few chicken in wire cage . the wooden walss be full of gap where board have be rip off . the hysterical monk hold a torch to illuminate the scene . one of he sheep be lay on its side ... hysterical monk I just give she dinner and she keele over . JOHN so would I . it 's freezing in here . hysterical monk be use the wood from the wall for the fire in my cabin . JOHN have not we all ... John kneel at the ewe . she 's breathe heavy . rapidly . John put he leave hand down on the hay cover floor while he check the animal 's neck pulse with he right hand . she give a weak " baa - ah . " JOHN May be pneumonia . pitch some of that hay around she . stop this damn cold breeze . the hysterical monk prop the torch up in a empty bucket and retreive a crude iron pitchfork from the wall . start to pile hay around the fall animal . JOHN first , I will -- he sit up to reach for he back , then stop when he see what 's on he leave hand -- a slimy mucous -like substance JOHN wait a minute ... the hysterical monk stop on mid-pitch . John rub the material between he finger . bring it close to he nose . sniff . hysterical monk what be it ? JOHN I do not know . it 's all over the ground . some sort of -- baaa -aaah !!! the ewe start to shake - quiver -- John try to hold it down -- the hysterical monk , at this juncture , go completely apeshit . hysterical monk what ?! what ?! JOHN Jesus ! help m -- the ewe be shaking so violently that John be throw back -- he knock over the bucket -- the torch fall into the hay -- the light be cut off as the torch almost smother . then the hay start to burn -- weak fire light revealing : baaaa-aha-sclortch-h -!! the ewe explode ---! stomach burst -- spraying the two monk with entrail and blood -- they start scream . the flicker FIRE light grow as ... a terrible alien chest -burster burst out of the jerk and twitching carcass . it show the characteristic of the animal in which it have gestate . tiny razor sharp tooth and black , glass - like eye peer from a enlongate head cover with downy , but gore - matte wool . a quadrope , its shrunk hind leg struggle to free itself from the cool morass of intestine . John can only scream as the most horrible nightmare he can imagine try to slough off the animal 's mortal coil . the hysterical monk , fear overcome with anger at the loss of he beloved Sandy , step in front of the near catatonic medic and instinctively thrust he pitchfork into the creature -- the sharp prong pierce its still form body -- the creature wail a high pitch shriek - half alien , half sheep as it be roughly torn from it 's nest place -- the monk lift -- it twist at the end of the fork , acid blood drip onto the wood floor -- each drop burst into a little pool of FIRE . the hysterical monk turn to the now raging hay fire -- the entire corner of the barn be ablaze -- shove the abomination in -- the sheep / alien pop and sizzle as tongue of flame leap up to lap at it 's struggle body -- tiny tail whipping about -- the creature die , its fade scream be soon the only sound hear within the barn . the hysterical monk hold he fork in the flame as he look back to check on -- JOHN face contort , eye glue to the burn creature . heaving lung push air through he diaphram , but no sound come from he open mouth -- the Doctor in training have see the devil . ext . hysterical monk' barn - night wooden wall collapse inward as the building become a pyre . acrid black smoke curl up to the ceiling and spread out across the rafter ... we pull back from the sight into a window . into int . ripley's room - night ripley , watch the burn barn . frustrate , she climb out of the bed on unsteady leg , wear she tank top and short . pull on a coarse wollen cassock , tie the rope belt -- ripley idiot ... I will -- wham ! the door burst OPEN -- ripley what the -? four burly monk rush in and grab she . tear she out of bed -- int . hallway - night ripley be drag down the darken hallway . abbot v.o . a evil have come to arceon ... in the tribunal room - night as he continue we move down a row of stern monk face , end at the abbot ... abbot you hear brother Graham tell of the devil inside sheep 's wool -- he motion towards the hysterical monk , sit in the crowd . abbot a evil bring by this woman in she vessel of technology . pull back to reveal a large circular room with wooden wall stretch thirty foot high . Light creep in through stain glass window . hundred of monk sit in a gallery that loom over the floor of the tribunal . on the floor : the abbot and the five eldest monk sit at a long table face the witness stand . on the stand : ripley consider the face that surround she . fear. hate . ripley this can not be happen . bald tribunal monk you have no voice in this tribunal . ripley you must listen to I ! you be all in terrible danger ! it come with I on the ship -- abbot we know that . at first we believe its arrival be a good omen . but it have only bring pestilence . Dead sheep . Dead fish . bald tribunal monk evil . ripley turn to the abbot . ripley yes , the ship bring it . not evil . it bring the alien . I tell you , it 's here . abbot we know the name of the evil it bring . it bring technology . Technology to destroy we planet , as surely as it destroy the Earth . monk in audience destruction ! ripley I be on the Earth less than a year ago . it 's still there . people , city , all still there ! a murmur through the crowd . some be listen to she . the abbot look around . he must be in command . abbot ( matter of fact ) all dead . ripley ( scream ) it 's still there ! the abbot smile to himself for make she crack . he stand and begin to pace . abbot you could not have be on the Earth a year ago , because there be no Earth to be on -- for at least twenty year . ripley I have not be float in space for twenty year . let I get to my ship and I will prove it . bald tribunal monk no . who know what new evil she will release if allow back into that infernal machine . monk in audience no ! do not let she !! tribunal member this woman be a danger . she deny the New Dark Age . she deny reality . ripley this be reality . there be a xenomorph loose on this planetoid - a alien -- it must have stow away on my ship -- must have kill -- ( swallow hard ) newt . kill the girl I bring with I . you can not stop it . it go inside you like a egg - grow - ( mime ) explode out of you - keep grow into some sort of monster . kill you -- kill all of you ... she look at the medieval people around she . they stare at she in complete confusion . to they , she do sound like a madwoman . ripley who be you people ? look at you -- all of you -- the way you be dress . this be not the Middle Ages . you be in space -- on a artifical planet . what be you do out here ? there , in the upper tier -- John . they make eye contact . she look to he pleadingly . ripley be not there anyone here who will listen ? John look from ripley to the abbot . the abbot stare he down . John turn away . ripley ( defeat ) I guess not . I can not believe this ... the gavel bang . the abbot sit in a moment of contemplation . abbot then there be no choice . the four monk grab ripley roughly -- bind she arm . abbot ( to ripley ) the evil be inside you . I cast you down . to be seal away . and God have mercy on you soul . slam CUT to : the shaft room - day a medieval elevator shaft . the " elevator " be a wooden cage lower on thick , rough hewn rope . ripley , bound , be lead to it . she look back at the monk who have gather at the door -- ripley you will not be able to fight it ... you do not know what it be --! she 's put into the cage . the door be secure . two monk begin to pull the rope . the cage be lift out over the abyss -- a vast cavernesque space . the other monk move closer . crowd around the edge -- John push through they - right to the edge -- watch as the cage be slowly lower down ... ripley look directly at John -- ripley you have sentence yourselves to death ! John watch as she disappear down into the darkness ... then turn and push he way through the crowd -- down the hall -- the tribunal room empty now except for the abbot and the tribunal member . they speak in hushed tone . John appear in the doorway , but pause - strain to hear what they be say : bald tribunal monk ... they will have start before she get down to the hermitage level . abbot no trouble ? bald tribunal monk only find the wood for the ship . but Anderson 's hut be about that big , and he 's dead three month now . abbot I have that wood earmake for the cloister next winter . well , we might not get to the winter if we do not take care of this . by winter time we can start take the penitent cell apart . no one in they . another tribunal monk the wood be not go to last forever . abbot neither be we -- he become aware of John 's presence , and motion the other tribunal member out of the room . John move to the abbot . the abbot know what 's come ... abbot go ahead . JOHN this woman . ripley . I tend she -- abbot yes , and you do a good job . you should not feel responsible . you could not have know -- JOHN please , sir , let I finish . I feel that there may be something to what she say . abbot there be not . the abbot move to he table , begin to gather up he gavel , notebook . John follow he -- JOHN I do not understand what you be do . abbot this colony be my responsibility . I be protect the colony . JOHN from what ? this woman ? you never give she a chance . how can you be so sure you be right ? abbot a better question be what make you think I be wrong ? JOHN you do not see this thing -- this demon -- brother Graham and I -- we both see it . abbot ( realize ) that 's right . you both do . ( beat ) and what be it ? JOHN I -- I do not know what it be . but I do not think ripley be a party to it . abbot she admit she bring it . JOHN but she try to warn we -- abbot you know that 's how the devil work . deception . JOHN but I believe she . I do not know how to describe it -- a feel . abbot you have not see a woman in thirty year . where do this feel originate , John ? JOHN ( point to he head ) here . pause . abbot I believe you . but you feeling be fool you . JOHN it 's - it 's she conviction . I just think -- the abbot snap at he -- abbot do not think . John take a step back at the abbot 's tone . a tone he 's never hear before . the abbot run a hand through he thinning hair . force a smile . abbot it 's be a long night . for all of we . you really do not understand what you be deal with here . JOHN that 's what she say . the abbot chafe . abbot this be idea which threaten the very system we live under . the creature be dead and the woman be go . forget they . both . go read . go fishing . go anywhere , but leave this alone . JOHN but I -- abbot alone . I will get Philip to let mattias into the Library , all right ? for you own good , just stay out of this . John look like he 's go to protest . abbot I mean it . JOHN ( slowly ) yes , Father . John turn and leave the room . the abbot stare after he . int . prison level - night Dark . dank. dreary . a nail be hammer into a board . then another . the board be old , twisted . the grain be pronounce , splinter . another board be lift into place , a nail hold -- bam - bam - bam - hammered in tight . two ancient worker drab , tear gray clothing . Hammer the board over the open in the wall . methodically cover up -- ripley watch they work . bam-bam -bam . defeat . on the roof of the abbey ( intercut ) a dozen monk frantically hammer plank up around the sulacco escape ship - a frame of wood -- begin to wall it in ... in the prison level the two ancient worker continue they carpentry . the plank cover more of the open . bam-bam -bam . cover more of ripley . bam-bam -bam . she stare ... on the roof of the abbey planks be rise around the ship . cover it . lock away the good omen turn evil . in the library John and mattias sit before a open book . he do not read . he can hear the pounding of the hammer . it seem to reverberate through the planet . through he skull . he close he eye in pain . ripley only she face be visible . another board . bam-bam -bam . then just she eye . just before the last plank be put in place -- worker here you go , woman . something from you ship . something to keep you company -- he toss it into the cell . ripley catch it . watch as the last of the light be cover over . bam -bam ... bam . she continue to stare at the once open wall as she eye grow accustom to the darkness . the little light creep between the plank grow in intensity until it be soon enough to see what it be she have catch -- newt' doll head . ripley look around she cell -- actually a narrow space behind other cell , one wall curve out -- like a narrow slice crossway towards the edge of the pie . look at the doll 's head in she hand . a beat . she freak out --! ripley you fuck idiot ! you be dead ! you be all dead ! beat the wall . kick . smashes she head against the wall . again . her nose start to bleed . her hand go to she nose . she squint in the darkenss . see the blood . tastes the iron taste in she mouth . death be with she again . ripley ( sotto ) Dead ... the " widest " part of she cell , the middle , allow she to slide down into a sit position . she do . ripley Christ . Jesus Christ . it 's here . here . shit. here . I can not get rid of it ... look at the doll 's head -- ripley newt . this be not what I want ... she throw the doll 's head away -- it bounce off the wall and roll back to a upright position so that it be stare at she . ripley ( snap ) do not stare at I ! beat . voice o/s sorry . ripley look down at the base of the wall face she -- where it meet the floor , in the rotting timber : a hole . in it : a man' face Bright , wrinkle eye beneath a snowy white crew cut . he 's look back at she . on the roof of the monastery - night the sulaco escape pod # 4 be now a memory as the monk have finish walling it up . now just another part of the Abbey . as the monk move down the thin wooden ladder we follow -- pass they -- down to a open window and into ... int . library - the medieval section - night into dawn John be here , mattias asleep at he foot . the table , the bench , the floor be cover with hundred of book he 's pull off the shelf , they chain all tangled . all open to -- picture of devil different representation of evil through the age -- lucifer , shaitan , ahriman , asmodeus -- Satan . " the temptation of Christ " from the master of schloss Lichtenstein . Satan roasting on a enormous grill from " tres rich heure du duc de Berry . " the devil as a serpent . as a semi-humanoid . gruenwald 's " temptation of St. Anthony . " pacher 's " Saint wolfgang and the Devil . " a miasma of medieval monster . JOHN pick he way through the mess . like a man possess he fumble through book after book . the first golden ray of daylight filter through the huge stain glass window . John rapidly flip through the medieval tome in front of he - past a illustration of Satan depict as have a face on he ass -- further still -- then stop . this be it . we can not see what the illustration be , but we see he reaction : his eye open wide as saucer . slam the book close as if the image would strike blind . he turn to mattias as if to say something -- decide not to wake the sleep dog . John wrap the book 's chain around he hand and put one foot up against the shelf . pull -- spankt ! the old chain give way . face set , he loop the shoulder strap of he burlap medical bag over he shoulder . clutch the book to he chest , gently pet he sleep dog and go ... int . hallway outside abbot' office - day John stride down the corridor purposefully but stop and flatten himself against the wall when the door to the abbot 's office open suddenly -- brother graham , the hysterical monk , be forcibly lead from the room by two burly monk , take down the corridor in the other direction . he be gag . a third burly monk move out of the doorway with the abbot . JOHN now find John and have he bring to I immediately . third burly monk yes , Father . abbot start in the library . and keep it quiet . the third burly monk nod and move off . the abbot watch he leave , then go back into the room and close the door . John stare at the close door a beat and then make up he mind . he turn and run back down the hallway ... int . glass factory - day the first monk straggle in for the morning shift . Kyle be among they . he lift he blow iron from a wall mount rack and move towards the glass furnace as two other monk begin to stoke the fire . John enter . look around the room and for a frantic moment cannot find -- kyle at the glass furnace . about to dip he blow iron into the molten glass . John run over to he . almost knock he over -- kyle hey ! watch it ! he see that John be agitate -- kyle what ? what be it ? the other monk begin to notice the commotion , start move in for a look ... JOHN I -- abbot. must -- John try to catch he breath . he gestulate wildly . Kyle put down he blow iron . kyle John - relax . take a deep breath - Christ , now I sound like you -- he see the book clutch in John 's white knuckle hand . kyle be that it , John ? be it the book --? JOHN ( panting ) yes. Devil . Kyle move closer to he . cautiously . John see the other monk gather around -- close in on he - whisper -- whispering monk he 's get it ... second whispering monk like the comet woman ... third whispering monk he find she ... whispering monk he 's infect ... John see one of the monk run out -- undoubtedly go to tell the abbot . John look into he friend Kyle 's face -- fear . kyle everything 's gonna be fine . now , let 's see the -- JOHN do not humor I -- I be -- kyle sure . everything 's gonna be fine ... if only he could explain - he can not . John yank the book away -- spin -- burst through the crowd ... kyle wait -- JOHN ! int . shaft room - day the cage be still down , the rope stretch into the abyss . John run in . move to the rope . place the book on the floor . tighten he scar hand on the rope -- mind racing : the woman will know . know what it be . how to combat it . he pull -- there 's no tension against the rope . John fall back on he ass . the rope whiz through the rusty pulley overhead . pile on the floor in front of John . he lift the end of the rope . stare : bitten through . CUT to : through the monastery - series of shot John run through the building . through the upper half of the planet . down through the many level , past dozen of monk oblivious to the previous night 's event and the danger they face : monk work at loom . monk in the tanning room . monk in Morning prayer . past they all , to -- int . abbey basement workroom - day mop and broom . John enter . his hair be wild , breathe heavy . he shove the book into he medical bag . pushes aside a box of kindling wood to reveal a wooden door set into the timber of the floor . he open the door : ladder extend down through huge open area beneath the upper level . past vast underground viaduct that hold up by wooden rafter . Beyond that - a great underground sea that mark the center of the planet - below that , the cell . and ripley . JOHN can smell the dank air from the lower tunnel . he must go down -- the hard way . he climb into the darkness ... int . abbey lavatory - night a enormous room , over a football field in length , consist of at least a hundred open toilet stall face a hundred wall mount sink . they condition , though , bespeak the awful truth - the stall furthest away from we be cobwebbed . some have have the side wall stripped for fire wood . of the original hundred sink , maybe twenty be still functional - a facility create for a much larger number of colonist than be leave . a skinny monk wash he hand . in the stall move down the row of stall ( chest high , thank you ) past a few empty stall and several grimace face , the second to last be the abbot -- abbot cold tonight -- -- continue to the last , bald tribunal member . bald tribunal member get colder every night . abbot and every day . never this bad . taken so much wood out of the structure the surface wind blow right through the colony . right under the floor -- the bald tribunal member shiver as a cold breeze run along the waste trough under the floor and chill the air in he bowl . bald tribunal member right up you bloody backside . Night like this make I miss plumbing -- ack --! he feel a tugging at he bowel - it 's not pile . a beat . abbot o/s what ? bald tribunal monk I do not -- aah -- the bald tribunal monk scream as something grab he from below -- ( note : the leave half of the follow 5 page be cut off . I have complete the text to the best of my ability . ) something snake up he rectum and hook into he lower intestine ! he convulse in spasm of agony . there be a terrible ripping SOUND as the bald tribunal monk be pulled violently down -- out of frame -- we pan back down the row of stall tight on each sit monk and see they horrified reaction as they feel the alien drag the bald tribunal monk 's body away under they ... the abbot in he stall he pound on the wall -- abbot Matthew ? Matthew ? Jesus , what 's wrong ? skinny monk wash he hand , see all this . loose control of he bodily function as blood spray from the faucet -- other monk in they stall as the toilet reject a torrent of gore ! blood and viscera spraying the wall -- convert the Abbey into a abattoir . CUT to : space angle on the orbitor arceon : a orb of wood hand peacefully against a tapestry of celestial seas . ripley v.o. death ... int . ripley's cell - night darkness . somewhere water drip into a puddle . ripley lay on she side on the floor with she head rest near the hole in the floor . her eye be close . ripley wherever I go . a hand push a crust of bread through the hole . she open she eye to look at the food . the White - haire man 's head appear -- white -haired man take it . ripley thanks , but no thanks , Anthony . she know he name . ANTHONY you wait for meat ? they do not bring I meat because they know I be a android . really do not need it . bread 's better for you anyway . harder to digest , so it make you feel fuller than you be . ripley not hungry . Anthony take a bite . ANTHONY mmmm . just a little crunchy . ripley twist onto she back until she 's stare up at the ceiling . ripley waste of time . ANTHONY you do not eat , you will starve to death , girl . ripley that be the plan when they put I down here . and why should you care ? ANTHONY because I be a synthetic person you do not think I can care ? ripley believe I , that 's a discussion you do not want to have with I . ANTHONY you tell I you have a bad experience and a good one with android -- ripley that 's one of each . that mean you could go either way . I be tired of talk about this . he push the bread towards she again . ANTHONY you have still gotta eat . you gotta fight the bastard -- ripley I be tired of fight . maybe I will be dead before he find I . maybe he will not get the satisfaction . ANTHONY he ? you make it sound like this alien have a personal score to settle with you . the biology you describe : Queen lay egg , larvae , drine -- that 's very insectoid . insect usually do not bear grudge . ripley and android usually be not the prisoner of lunatic that believe they be ancient Greeks . ANTHONY medieval monk . ripley whatever . ANTHONY and they have only choose to live the life style , they do not believe they be -- ( hear something ) what 's that ? ripley strain to listen . in the distance : knocking . someone be knock on the wall . a voice call out -- int . prison level corridor - night JOHN ( hoarse ) ripley ! he move down the hallway . bang he fist against the wall every few foot -- wait a moment for a reply , then move on . int . anthony' cell Anthony get off the floor - move so she can see into he cell : the wall of Anthony 's cell be cover with charcoal sketches - different version of demon and the devil . she roll she eye - this guy be a android ! Anthony cross to he cell door , peer through eye level . int . prison level corridor hallway - ANTHONY Pov John come towards he , knock on the door of board up cell . ANTHONY hey -- you knock -- cut it out -- you be go to wake everybody up . John move to Anthony 's door . look at he through the slot . Anthony recognize he . ANTHONY brother John ? John unbolt Anthony 's door . pick he up by he cassock -- JOHN Anthony ? think you dead fifteen year . ANTHONY make too good for that . what be you do ? JOHN I -- I be look -- the abbot -- ANTHONY what ? you look like you have see the devil . ripley o/s he have . Anthony turn to look back at ripley -- move aside so John can see she face at the hole -- ANTHONY you mean he -- Anthony turn back - John be go . int . the corridor as John begin to pull the outermosk plank off . ripley I be right , be not I ? you have see it , you have see the alien ? John pause at that . his eye tighten at the memory . ripley I can tell you have . I be right . it come with I . ( to the wall , sharp ) go away . John stop . look at the wall . ripley 's voice come clearly through the wood ... ripley listen , priest , or whatever you be , I know what you want . I can not help you . I could not help any of the other . just stop what you be do . go away . do you understand ? John have open a crack that expose ripley 's eye . he stare at she a beat , try to think of what to reply -- he go back to work as she continue she confession ... ripley you go to stay , Father ? but you be not go to talk . okay . then you can listen . you should listen . you abbot be right . I be guilty . but not of heresy . of murder . John stop again . just stare at she eye . ripley the murder of the crew of the Nostromo . that be when I first meet the alien . that remind he of why he 's here . he double he effort at the board ... ripley no , not the same one that 's here now . or maybe it be . maybe they be all the same one . I could not save my crew then . I should have be able to . but I could not . when I go the second time -- her eye soften . ripley then I meet newt . newt . I fight -- stay alive to keep newt alive . hope maybe that would make up for ... she trail off . slide down the wall . ripley now he get she too . what 's the point ? ( hard again ) just go away . leave I in here . if you let I out you will want I to help you and it will start all over again . let it end . John break through , flicker torch light stream in the mote fill air around he . ripley look up at he . ripley I can not help you . John , heaving and panting from the excertion . swallow ... JOHN puh. ( pant ) please . ripley it never end . int . corridor - prison level - night a long , twisted - plank - floor corridor with a torch every twenty foot . there be movement at the far end . something be come towards we - flickering in and out of the light and shadow -- ripley o/s sheep ? ripley , JOHN and ANTHONY running together . Anthony carry a long wooden staff like a spear . John have he bag . ripley a torch . we move with they . ANTHONY it must be able to take on some of the characteristic of the animal it grow in . maybe they be from some sort of aggressive soldier race -- warring party drop the egg on oppose planet -- ripley and the alien take on the form of the creature that find it , assume that animal be the dominant life form on the planet . so when it gestate in a man -- ripley shudder at the memory . ANTHONY it 's a bipe . in a sheep or cow , a quadrope . ripley shit . I just do not think it could do that to animal . JOHN wait a minute - I think you be the expert on this monster . ripley be that the only reason you come to get I out ? because I know about this thing ? JOHN yes . I mean no . I mean , that be part of it . look . I never think you be wrong . I be wrong not to say anything . I be afraid to speak up . it 's hard to be a monk , you know ? ripley stop . look at he . a long beat . ripley thank you . if anything , you be honest . JOHN we all be . take vow . ripley I do not know about the abbot . JOHN I be sure he think what he do be right . ripley be that speak up for someone ? JOHN no. Charity . she smile . they turn a corner ... int . sloping corridor - night this hallway slope downward a few degree . the three find themselves trot , lean backward to keep they balance . ripley all right , let 's forget about the past and get on to we survival . no more prisoner behind we ? ANTHONY not for year . ripley okay -- if the alien 's have a few day to lay he egg we only hope be to get off this - what be this ? JOHN arceon . ANTHONY Satellite . ripley get to my ship and get off this Satellite . JOHN we can not . ripley we can not what ? JOHN leave arceon . can not leave the library -- ripley a tape Library ? JOHN book . ripley so ? JOHN the reason we be out here . like the monk who guard monastery library on remote island off England during the first Plague -- ripley there must be book on other colony -- JOHN some of this book survive the burn of the library of Alexandria . they contain knowledge that exist in no other record . they value be unestimable . he run he hand along the spine of the book in he bag . JOHN we be suppose to protect they . ripley ( to Anthony ) and what do a android have to do with all this ? JOHN he 's a spy . ANTHONY the company plant I here . ripley the company ? what do the company have to do with this ? ANTHONY they build this prison . ripley prison ? JOHN colony . ANTHONY prison . they be all political heretics . ripley look at John . ripley you leave that part out . JOHN the order be more of a counter culture , a reaction to the Technology that be beginning to take over everyone 's life . it be a simple enough idea - read , do not watch disk . walk , do not pump more carbon into the air . the earliest member renounce technology . start to collect the remain book . nobody would have notice if it have not be for the virus . ripley you abbot talk about that . the New Plague . ANTHONY a computer virus . a bad program . by this time the corporate structure be transglobal , all the world 's data storage system be link . it spread through two country before it be stop . JOHN after a scare like that , thousand flock to we retreat . people start clamoring for write information . for we book . they abandon the modern way -- ripley I think I can see how this come out . they give up they possession . ANTHONY this be a threat -- ripley to the company . JOHN they sell the technology . a movement to live simply be quickly twisted by Federal agent into a political movement against the company -controlled World government . too much be at stake . ripley too much profit . JOHN we be sentence as political dissident . this orbiter be we gulag . all the man be pack up with all we book , and tow into space . ten thousand man . the eldest die very quickly . ripley the company have such a sense of irony . send you out on this wooden tub . ANTHONY I be place among they as a sensor . keeps tabs on the movement . ripley so how would they find out about you ? ANTHONY I tell they . after the supply ship 's stop come I see no point in keep up the charade . since I be a sort of walk reminder of technology , they cast I down . ripley join the club . ( to John ) I figure this be not plan . you do not have to be a genius to see it would not be prudent to try to preserve man 's write work for generation -- without woman . John look embarrassed . ripley and I do not know about you New Plague , but I be just on Earth and everything 's fine . John have a doubtful look . ripley I be right about the alien , be not I ? means I must be right about the Earth . the logic behind she argument be uncomfortable . JOHN ( beat ) perhaps . ripley that 's better than nothing . come on . they reach the end of the corridor . it open into -- int . transom space - prison level a enormous open space between " cell block . " the Wall behind they be honey - comb with corridor opening go up four storey , connect by age , warpe wooden ladder reminiscent of indian cave dwelling . only wooden . the room stretch several football field length ahead of they -- fall off into gloom . they stand silent for a moment , dwarf by the size of the room and the task ahead of they . finally -- ripley at any rate , let 's forget about the Earth completely - whether you be right or I be right what 's important be get the hell out of here . from here my ship be ...? John point up at the ceiling . ANTHONY in Heaven . ripley right . and this be ... Anthony and John nod . ANTHONY this orbiter be pattern after a medieval concept of the universe -- ( make a circle in the air ) they call the top half " Heaven - " JOHN the Abbey , the field -- ANTHONY the bottom half be " Hell . " where we be . ripley aptly name . what 's in the middle ? JOHN the sea . ANTHONY really . ripley work with I here . how far be it back to the surface of the planet ? JOHN as a stone fall --- five mile through the center . ripley and the elevator -- the thing they lower I down in ? JOHN ropes cut . ANTHONY it 's smart . first he cut they escape off , then work he way down through the monastery level by level until there be not a thing leave alive . interesting ... ripley well , you start appreciate he more than I and I will find a way to shut you down , capisce , Andy ? how do we get up ? JOHN there be ladder . she stop . John and Anthony continue on a few step and then stop and walk back to she . ripley five mile with the alien between we and there ? good luck , boy . she turn and head back towards she cell -- John catch she shoulder -- JOHN you can not -- ripley can not what ? not help you go to you death ? I have have my fill of that . JOHN I need you . I can not do it alone . ripley I have fight this creature twice before . it take a lot to kill this thing . heavy artillery . ANTHONY we do not have weapon here . ripley how about something we can make weapon from ? do you have anything like that -- any modern thing here ? John shake he head vehemently -- JOHN we renounce technology . it be that thing that cause the Plague . ripley this be a man-made planet . something have to be recirculate you air , you water . JOHN God ? ripley please . JOHN I do not know . I just take it for grant . ripley most people do . without some sort of technology we have not get a chance . from behind they : ANTHONY there be technology . John and ripley turn to look at he . ANTHONY a room . a Technology room . Fresh air and water come out . ripley a atmosphere processing plant -- ANTHONY the heart and lung of arceon . ripley where be it ? ANTHONY one level beneath the underground sea . JOHN that 's five level up -- ANTHONY ( point into the gloom ) on the other side of the orbiter . John look at ripley -- JOHN a chance . ripley look from John 's earnest face to the darkness and back . ripley all right . you have get I - so far . but here 's the deal : I do not know how many of you brethren be go to be alive when we get up there , but if we make it to my ship , you be all come with I . we will take as many of you precious book as we can carry , but we be go . I be not go to fight this thing again to end up alone again . understand ? John nod he head . ripley we be all dead anyway . we might as well go fi -- she feel a twinge in she midsection -- double over . Anthony and John each take a arm -- ripley ugh - I be all right . she take a deep breath . ripley still thawing out . I hate hyper sleep ... come on . CUT to : int . arceon - monastery level - night the formerly idyllic landscape have be reduce to a scorched battlefield . wooden hut levele . small fire dot the land . the air thick with ash and greasy smoke . dozen of monk swarm across the countryside like ant on a mound of spilt sugar . in one hand a taper or torch hold high , in the other hand they weapon : scythe , pitchfork , hoe , whatever they could get ahold of , seem pitifully out of place . some pound sharpen stake into the ground , other push cart into rough barricade . a " platoon " of monk huddle around trap door open on the wooden " ground . " more ladder . they climb down to -- a underground wheat field - night just beneath the monastery level of the satellite : a Underground wheatfield . tall golden grass stretch out for mile , sway gently around huge wooden column that support the Abbey fifty foot above -- the ceiling a lattice - work of suspend trough and wooden pipe -- the " plumbing , " the understructure , of the monastery . the monk descend the ladder single file . fear be in all of they face though most have only hear the storey . they move cautiously into the wheat . spread out through the field in the jaggedly draw skirmish line . the abbot the bald tribunal monk 's dry blood splatter on he cassock , stand atop a empty wooden wagon . from this vantage point he watch the monk in the field thrash and poke they way forward leave trail through the high grass . they attempt at a orderly progression quickly fall apart as they get strung out all over the field . abbot ( sotto ) stay together . together ... then another movement catch the abbot 's eye -- ahead of the monk - the wheat wave against the wind . begins to ripple -- the wheat flatten . a trail form . something be moving in the long grass . move towards the lead monk -- fast . the abbot open he mouth as if to shout a warning - even though the monk close to the move trail be too far away to hear he - before he can make a sound the alien close the gap - feeling horribly helpless he can only watch as aargh - aa -! the lead monk give one strangle cry before he disappear beneath the surface of the long grass . his taper fall among the long , dry stalk -- begin to smoke ... the abbot can see the trail move towards he man before they can . he find he voice : abbot run ! run ! the monk in the field turn from the spot where the monk scream towards the abbot -- turn there back to the now move again trail -- abbot no - no . the -- the alien hit the skirmish line at a flanking angle -- raking through five monk like a scythe through wheat . his tail , arm whip out -- SNAP they spine like kindling . lose torch ignite the wheat ... the field burst into flame . smoke fill the air . in the smoky commotion the monk break rank and start run . weapon in front of they -- swinging wildly -- scream . crying . dying . one frightened monk run through another with he pitchfork . another hear something crash through the grass towards he and bury he scythe in he best friend 's chest . and through it all the alien seem to be everywhere . use the chalky smoke for cover as it slashes and tear its way across the field -- the abbot frozen in terror to the spot . squint through the smoke to see what have happen to he flock . hear the wail of defeat rise up from the wounded . the wave grass be flatten as the alien move towards he -- he can finally pry himself from he perch on the wagon . he climb down . as he foot hit the wooden floor he feel a shadow fall over he . the little hair on the back of he neck stand up . he slowly turn ... the alien rise out of the grass in front of the Holy man . slowly rise up to its height of almost three meter . it 's long , smooth head be no longer black and slimy . it be golden . it 's cable- like arm be sheathed in a straw - like cover . it have adapt to the environment of the wheat field . its now grass - like lip draw back into a ghastly parody of a smile . the abbot scream and run . JOHN o/s it be not you fault , you know . int . transom space - series of shot they move across the huge room ... Anthony a few pace ahead . they candle throw only enough light to see several yard . wind whistle through the huge room , timber creak like some gigantic old house settling . ripley what ? JOHN that thing you say before -- ripley remember she " confession . " JOHN I read about it in psychology book . sometimes when people outlive someone they care for , they transfer some of the guilt for that person 's death to themselves . ripley I get a belly full of that from the psychtech when I be on Earth . yeah . " survivor guilt syndrome , " or something like that . but that 's not what I be think about . I be think about my " friend " up there . she look up . ripley he be on the pod . he kill newt but not I . why not I ? it 's almost like he 's play with I . maybe they have some sort of race memory . maybe he know what I do to he " mother . " that 's why he do not just kill I . that would be too easy . he have to torment I . JOHN you make it sound human . ripley Hell , I do not know what it be . John unconsiously finger he book . JOHN I think I do . int . ladder - well - prison level - night at the end of the space a rough hewn wooden ladder lead to another block of cell corridor four storey up . year of damp air have warpe the ladder . ripley lead the way , torch in she leave hand . they climb ... int . end of prison corridor - FOURTH level - night Dark . ripley be the first one up . she raise she torch and head down the new corridor alone . the cell here have no door . she hold she torch in one -- a old skeleton sit in quiet contemplation . at the ladder John be just climb off , Anthony right behind he . Anthony be wind . he reach up for a help hand . John look back and see that ripley have move ahead without they , then reach down to help Anthony . they hand clasp -- ANTHONY have a " vision " he be seemingly stand in a open field , sheep graze peacefully at he side . suddenly he be attacked by a horde of medieval demon . Fish face demon . man-head bird demon . they fly about he , grab hold of he limb . the sheep nearest he open it 's mouth to reveal a horde of razor sharp fang , sink they into he ankle -- Anthony scream -! ripley down the corridor hear the scream , turn back -- see Anthony fight with himself , struggle against John 's grasp - ANTHONY balance precariously on the top of the ladder in the real world as he fight against the demon in he android mind -- he jerk -- pull he leave ankle out of the grasp of the demon sheep -- off the ladder - forty foot drop wait below he ... JOHN struggle to keep he death grip on Anthony 's hand . it 's all that keep Anthony from fall back down the shaft -- JOHN Jesus Christ . ripleeeee -! he pull with all he might ... ANTHONY sees a horrible bird - demon grasp he hand in its beak -- biting through he wrist . he wave he staff in the air -- he aim for its head : crack -! whack John 's hand with he staff -- John howl in pain - lets go -- Anthony teeters back on one foot , arm wave in the air -- ripley 's hand shoot out -- grab Anthony 's cassock -- stop he fall . Anthony 's eye open wide at the sight of this new horror -- a terrible , wet , black cable - armed creature that 's latch itself onto he cassock -- Long , shiny head . ripley have become the alien . whack ! Anthony hit the creature with he staff -- hit ripley on the head . whack ! again . in the face . John try to take hold of Anthony 's staff arm -- whack ! the cane whip against the side of he head , knock he back . ripley set she foot and pull on Anthony 's cassock -- open she mouth - grunt -- ANTHONY see the terrible alien open it 's maw to devour he . whack ! his staff connect with the bridge of ripley 's nose . she see flash of light -- lose she balance -- pitches forward , start to go over with Anthony -- JOHN grab they ! wrap he arm around the struggle pair and like a sumo wrestler lift and fall backwards - carry the three of they into the corridor -- whumph ! they land on the floor in a heap . Anthony continue to flail about -- ripley and John pin he to the floor between they . finally , the vision leave he . he lose consciousness . JOHN breathe heavy - open he eye -- he 's stare right into ripley 's face . less than a inch away . he 's lay on top of she . she 's breathe heavy too . a long , uncomfortable moment . ripley thanks . JOHN you be welcome . they roll off each other . her hand go up to she nose . blood . ripley I be all right . John reach into he bag , withdraw a small cotton bag . JOHN hold this against you nose . it will stop the flow . she look over at he questioningly . JOHN I be a doctor . she hold the small bag against she nose . the bleed stop . they move over to Anthony - try to help he to he foot . he shake they off . ANTHONY no - please . just let I sit . awhile . he rub he temple . White , milk - like sweat run down he cheek . ANTHONY damn it . ripley what be that ? ANTHONY the reason I be down here . John point to he own eye . JOHN vision . ANTHONY dream . ripley android can not dream ... ANTHONY that 's probably what they think when they build I . but my brain be cyber - organic - pattern after the human brain - it function the same way a human brain do . it accumulate random image and sensation during waking hour , but unlike the human brain that slough they off during sleep -- ripley android do not sleep . ANTHONY right . maybe they have fix this on later model , but I do not . do you know what happen to the human brain when it be deprive of sleep ? it start to run off the dream while you be awake , as hallucination . same thing with I . for twenty year I absorb data on this planetoid . a little after we lose contact with Earth the vision start . they think I be insane . I have to explain that it be because I be a android . they like that even less . ripley what do you see ? ANTHONY what I always see . image of monster . demon . JOHN they be portent . they stand for a evil yet to come . ANTHONY just image I have absorb from that old book and have no way to get rid of . ripley I see the inside of you cell . ANTHONY ( shrug ) my head be full of they . I try to get they out any way I can . his eyelid droop . JOHN you need sleep . ANTHONY I know that . I will settle for rest . he close he eye . ripley recover the torch . ripley stay with he . ripley try to stand - John take she arm , pull she down . JOHN no . we all need rest . you especially . ripley consider he . JOHN Doctor 's order . she smile and sit . JOHN besides , you see what happen when you get ahead of we . we should stay together . ripley all right . he 's still above we , anyway . JOHN what do you mean ? ripley I have face this evil twice before - I guess I have get sensitive to it -- ( beat ) you be really a Doctor ? John pat he canvas bag . JOHN see my bag ? ripley what 's that book ? JOHN just a book . ripley I do not buy " just a book " from a guy who say we can not leave the planet without the library . JOHN it 's just ... a medical book I might need . ripley you do not have any food in there , do you ? JOHN only if you can eat bandage . ripley rub she midsection . ripley in a few hour that 's go to sound good . go in and out of suspend animation - Christ I probably have not eat in a year . ANTHONY ( without open eye ) you should have eat the bread . ripley and JOHN Rest ! ripley let she head loll back against the wall . close she eye . time pass . her brow knit . John see this . JOHN you all right ? ripley ace . JOHN you be not hurt when I land on you ? bruise a rib ? he reach over and put he hand beneath she cassock . feel she midsection . his hand be warm . ripley be you sure you be a doctor ? he withdraw he hand . JOHN sort of . my father pass on when we first come here . the Abbey 's physician - Father anselm - take I in . he really raise I -- ( pause ) taught I what he could before he pass away . he be school on Earth . ripley well , I be just hungry . JOHN you have not eat since I take you out of you tube . ripley you do that ... she reach out and take hold of he hand . turn they over . ripley you burn yourself on the escape pod . her hand on he make he feel ...uncomfortable . ripley thank you , I guess . they look into each other 's eye -- ANTHONY o/s you should have eat the bread . ripley , embarrassed , release he hand . look at Anthony . he 's try to stand . ANTHONY enough rest . there 's beasty afoot . they start into ... a narrow corridor ceil so low they torch must be hold out in front of they . ripley make a effort not to move faster than the two monk . int . ladder shaft a great long ladder hang in the middle of nowhere . seem at least a mile long . the group climb ... a serpentine corridor liquid drip through the ceiling plank over head . Falls into red puddle on the slant floor . John kneel , dip he fingertip -- JOHN blood. ( sniff ) mix with sea water . ANTHONY we be get close to the center of the arc -- near the sea . ripley blood . JOHN get close ... John hear somthing . raise he hand -- " stop " the group stop . flatten themselves against the wall . John take Anthony 's staff . move forward with it hold out in front of he ... whirl around a blind corner -- shove something against the wall -- thump ! it struggle -- ripley and Anthony run up -- raise they taper -- revealing : ripley the abbot . cassock tear , dirty . Hair , eye wild . Anthony 's staff across he throat . John pull back . JOHN Father -- ripley ( sarcastic ) what be you do down here , father ? you look like you have see something that do not exist . the abbot run he finger through he hair . smoothes it down . abbot I be they spiritual leader . I be not prepare to lead they in battle . not against that thing . JOHN no one could be . ripley I think you say the evil be inside I -- that sealing I up be the answer to all you problem ? abbot destruction . the destruction you bring to we ! ripley I only try to warn you . abbot what be you do with this woman --? JOHN we be go to the Technology room . try to find some way to fight -- abbot you do not join the devil to fight the devil . ANTHONY she 's help we -- abbot look who defend the deceiver -- the one who be not even human . John , can not you see what be happen ? on ancient Earth , during the Black death - many believe that God have abandon they , so they appeal to the Devil . flocked to he hope to save they body - lose they soul in the bargain . ripley Father , we be all on the run from the same monster so let 's not resort to the fire and brimstone routine . I have be enlighten about you " movement . " pretty funny to be try for heresy on a planet of heretics . JOHN please . the time for pretense be past . abbot all right . I be try to keep you quiet . JOHN Sir --? abbot I do what I have to do to keep the Brotherhood together . we all give up believe in Earth a long time ago . how do you think they would feel if tell they exile be in vain ? that the holocaust they be try to avoid never occure ? that man up there have grow to live with it . ripley and with you as they leader . the abbot smile . ripley be sharp . abbot you threaten the status quo . ripley so you , protector of knowledge and truth , lie to they . abbot only about you . the rest I still believe . if Earth still orbit its sun there be no way it could have survive be reduce to barbarism . ripley you be as bad as the company . JOHN ripley -- ripley that 's why you run . after all you talk death stare you in the face and you be afraid . abbot not afraid of death . ripley the alien . ANTHONY the organism . abbot the Devil . int . technology room corridor the now four refugee work they way into the final corridor . Dark . turn at sharp angle . blind alley . the floor be uneven , wood age and twisted . warped by year of water drip from above . the group string out as it move into the darkness , candle hold high ... ANTHONY bring up the rear , put he walk stick down -- snapp !!! everybody stop at the sound . abbot what be that ? Anthony pull he stick from the grasp of a -- ANTHONY man trap . they lower they candle . look to : the floor intersperse throughout the timber -- spring jaw , steel toothe , bear trap . rust . open . and all around they . ANTHONY in case anyone try to get in and tamper with the technology . the four of they be stand in the middle of a mine - field of man trap . nobody move . abbot what do we do ? ripley do not move . do not breath . abbot we can not just stand here and wait . ripley floor 's too unstable to try to walk around they . John pull a loose board from the corridor wall . turn and kneel at the trap in front of he . poke the end of the board into the jaw ... SNAP !! the other jump at the sound -- abbot John - what be you do ? John pull the stick out of the rusted jaw . move to the next trap -- snap !! ripley he 's think like a leader . everyone : grab wood . spring the trap . clear a path . ( proud of he ) good work , Father John . JOHN brother . ripley brother . let 's go . ripley pull a plank from the wall next to she . expose a bit of the surface underneath -- it 's metal . she touch the cool , familiar material . smile . now she know this be not a dream . she turn and spring the trap in front of she -- SNAP !! the four slowly make they way down the corridor , one hand hold a candle high , the other poke a piece of wood into the trap in front of they ... SNAP -snap ... SNAP . SNAP . walk carefully around the yet unfire trap .... the door to the technology room a huge wooden door with no knob or handle . look like it could almost be part of the wall . John and ripley be the first to it . they put down they plank and begin to feel around the edge of the door for some purchase . the abbot join they . back in the corridor Anthony lag behind . he sense a presence in the hallway . hear a sound behind he . we see a glimpse of something -- he turn towards the sound -- empty hallway . he think . start forward again -- with he ear cocked to the rear ... SNAP ! at the door ripley , John and the abbot knock on the door , wall . ripley lean she head against the wall in frustration and exhaustion . to get this far , and be lock out . she feel sick to she stomach . how long since she have food ? she look over at John . he be stare at she . he turn red at be catch . cute . JOHN I just - be you allright ? ripley tied . without sleep , food -- I just feel my age . ( smile ) figure hyperspace time , I be almost a hundred . she wipe she brow and go back to knock ... JOHN hello ? the wall beneath he fist sound hollow . fingernail find the edge of the plank and pull -- the plank slide aside on tiny , rusty pneumatic piston . behind the plank a primitive keyboard . circa late twentieth century . JOHN I think this be it . ripley and the abbot move over to see . abbot Technology . ripley yeah - a hundred year ago . a antique . abbot ( to ripley ) go ahead . ripley go ahead and what ? abbot open the door , woman . ripley I will get to it , but listen to I -- you may dress like you be live in the middle age but you can not treat I like you chambermaid , or whatever monk have . up the hall - ANTHONY hear the sound again . turn . nothing again . he pause ... turn back quickly -- the wooden wall move - step forward -- the alien adapted itself to look like wood . it 's body change -- transmute -- cable-like sinew snake over grain limb to approximate the more traditional bio- mechnoid alien appearance ...! ANTHONY Pov the weary android see the alien as a conglommoration of he many medieval image of demon . he hear the alien 's hollow , raspy breath . it glide towards he ... Anthony step back directly into a trap as he mind go -- SNAP !! the steel jaw spring shut on he leave ankle . milky blood - fluid start to flow . he find himself in the same predicament as he vision -- ankle pin , the alien 's appendage circle he -- he scream . aaaaaaaaaaaargh --! at the door ripley be try to work . she punch number into the keyboard . she be too exhaust to see straight . they hear the scream -- John run back -- traps snapping around he -- ripley turn towards the sound -- the abbot push she back to the keyboard -- abbot OPEN it !! ripley knit she brow . force herself to focus . her finger punch the key . the alien step towards Anthony -- snap-snap-snap -ap -!! traps snap close on its tail , its leg -- halfway down the hall - JOHN SNAP !! his cassock be snag in a trap . he tear right out of it -- at the end of the hall Anthony be in the clutches of the alien . he whack at the Beast with he staff , but he blow fall like drop of rain on a elephant . the alien lift he up to face he . Anthony scream as he leave leg be stretch agsinst the tension of the trap 's chain -- blood pour as white ribbon from he almost severe ankle . face to face with the alien Anthony drop he staff and grab each of the alien 's arm with he own android arm . his extra-human strength keep they from squeezing he any tighter , but he cannot avert he gaze from the smooth , eyeless face . the alien consider he . its thin , almost translucent lip pull back to reveal row of splinter - like tooth . the jaw spread , make room for the distend tongue : the alien hiss -- put out Anthony 's eye with a thin stream of acidic saliva -- artificial skin bubble and blister -- JOHN pick up Anthony 's staff . begins to flail away at the demon . at the door ripley be get no response from the keyboard . abbot what 's wrong ?! ripley slide the keyboard out of the wall compartment . the wire be so old they have break . ripley shit . she bite the end off the wire - spit out the insulation . twist the bare wire end together ... sweat run into she eye . JOHN whack the alien with Anthony 's staff -- again . again . the creature will not let Anthony go . the android writhes in its grasp , he face now a blister , pulpy mass , eye go . ripley finishes hot wiring . the keyboard hum to life . her finger fly across the key -- the alien tail wrap around John 's waist -- pull he towards it -- lift he - turn he upside down -- lip pull back -- John 's hand grope at the floor -- sharp metal tooth spread -- the door keyboard light : code accepted ripley 's head whip towards the corridor -- JOHN his hand close around the end of one of the trap -- he bring it up -- SNAP !! it slam close on the alien 's extend tongue -! the Beast bellow !! whip its head from side to side -- can not shake off the trap -- acid blood spray out --! land as pool of FIRE on the wooden floor . the door open with a strain blast of dust -- see -whorcssh ! the abbot leap inside -- ripley it 's open !! JOHN pry Anthony 's ankle out of he trap . scoops up he staff , drag the moan android -- back up the corridor -- ripley stands in open Technology room doorway -- abbot Close it -- close it -- it 's come - ripley we wait . John !! John and Anthony appear out of the shadow -- run / hobble towards the door -- the alien acid blood dissolves the trap ' steel jaw . pull itself free . head whip towards the escape monk -- if it have eye they would narrow to slit in anger -- run up the hall -- ripley follow John and Anthony into the Technology room . on the other side of the doorway : another keyboard . she punch key -- abbot hurry -- JOHN hurry !! the alien Yards away -- limp . hiss . angry . the keyboard acceptance tone " bing . " the door start to slide down -- the alien be foot away -- inches ... the door seat itself close with a solid thud . ripley , panting , rest eye close against the rough wooden door . a beat . she turn to the room for the first time and find -- windmills Real man of lamancha wood and cloth windmills . two story high arm slowly rotate . move enormous volume of air through the wind tunnel - like room . as far as the eye can see . turn , creak . whoosh ... whoosh ... but no electronics . no radio . no weapon . this be the Technology room . ripley collapse to the floor and lose consciousness . dissolve to : int . sulaco escape ship # 4 ( dream ) yellow warning light pulse . that goddamn strobe be flicker on and off . steam blast out overhead pipe . the blue-spark pilot light muzzle of a flame thrower shyly poke out from behind a console . it 's owner cautiously follow ... ripley she 's breathe heavy . she 's wear a sweat soak tank top . her eye flit from side to side . then up . then down . she poke the weapon out ahead of she and move into the pod . she silently cross the distance to newt 's sleep tube : in the tube newt sleep peacefully . ripley allow herself one maternal smile , then remember . her grip tightens in the flame thrower in she hand . she flip a switch to hi heat . move around the sleep tube ... a noise to she leave . she whirl -- pull the trigger on the flame thrower -- click . nothing . she try again -- a half - heart burp , but no flame . she begin to panic -- sense the alien 's presence . look leave , right , up - no alien ... look down : the alien 's tail be coming up between her legs . she turn -- right into it 's grasp . the useless flamethrower skitter across the floor . she pummel the beast with ball up fist . ripley no. no ! I beat you ! I beat you mother fucker !! the alien spin she -- push she over across the sleep tube -- like it 's take she from behind ! ripley look down into the sleep tube : newt be go . her doll 's head lay in a pool of blood . the alien wrap he arm around ripley . thin lip pull back for a kiss . she scream . int . technology room - reality - day ripley open she eye . whoosh ... whoosh ... she 's still in the room with the windmills . somehow this place seem less real than she dream . she look around : John be sit next to she , write on a piece of parchment . he smile a relieved smile . JOHN I think we would lose you . ripley what be you write ? JOHN last will and testament . ( beat ) just kid . she look to she leave : Anthony be lie on he back , cotton bandage wrap around he eye . his ankle be a swollen mess . wire be hang out . ripley be he --? JOHN resting . ( shake he head ) he will be fine . ANTHONY no I will not . he 's a terrible liar . ripley I be sorry . ANTHONY it 's ironic . I guess my vision be prescience after all . how will I ever resolve that with my artifical con - science ? a creak floorboard to ripley 's right draw she attention to the abbot . he 's pace . abbot do you see what you have deliver we into ? ripley yeah . lead I not into temptation to kick you -- ahh -- ripley try to stand - she head spin . whoosh ... whoosh ... ripley oh shit . the entire room throbs with the rhythm of the wind . ripley where be the Big Boy -? the abbot point to the door . abbot on the other side of that door . wait for we to starve to death . ripley move to the door and feel it 's cold surface . ripley it 's play with we . it could get in here any time it want . abbot why should he enter ? he know that one of the people in this room be in league with he . JOHN Sir . we be all in the same coracle , so to speak . abbot maybe more than one of we . ripley let 's talk about the fact , Mr. abbot . she look at the windmills . whoosh ... whoosh ... ripley this be you technology ? abbot even this be forbidden to we . ripley well then , the fact be that we be screw . she move into the room . walk around one of the windmills . ripley a Eco system . nothing to recycle you atmosphere except the green plant . wind generate down here -- ( look at the floor ) windmills use the natural surface wind to turn wheel underground , create tide on the seas to recirculate you water ... ANTHONY more than that . there be pump beneath the floor - I can feel they vibration . ripley probably pump this air through charcoal filter . whoosh ... whoosh ... ripley it get colder all the time here , right ? John look at she questioningly . JOHN yes ... ripley you wood burn fire throw soot into the atmosphere , building the cloud layer - cut off the sun 's ray - cool the planet , force you to burn more wood . whoosh ... whoosh ... ANTHONY the greenhouse effect . it 's how the Earth almost destroy itself in the late 20th century . ripley do not you see ? this be a planet set to self destruct . not in ten minute or two hour but soon . you atmosphere here be finite . if the plant die the fire will eat up all the oxygen - this planetoid will be dead - everyone will die . the abbot have the look of a man who have be beat in the last few meter of a marathon . abbot it 's here . I be just hope I would be dead long before it come to this . JOHN what ? abbot we be suppose to die here . that 's the point . ripley wait a minute -- you be exile --? abbot the punishment for we crime be death . Anthony sit up . ANTHONY this planet be the supreme triumph of plan obsolesence . a certain amount of primitive material with a atmosphere processing system as fragile as a real environment but not replenishable . the abbot have a faraway look in he eye ... abbot poetic justice for the anti-technogogist . the company 's best work . you know , I use to be a corporate executive . Middle range v.p . then my wife get hit by a speed craft . I chuck it all and join the order . be a monk -- see the world . be here , be chairman of the board ... ripley no , now I understand why I land here . to join you happy lunatic in you death . ripley move away ... John start after she . JOHN ripley , wait -- the abbot stand , block he way . abbot where can she go ? she 's trap . ( beat ) trapped inside she own prison . a prison in she mind . Inside she mind . Dancing . sparklet of light - dance with the June bug in the recess of ourmindstheyare come to danceintheshadowof ... John and ripley turn to look at the abbot . he begin to speak faster . faster . he shake . vibrate be more accurate -- a trickle of blood run from he leave ear ... abbot ridingthewildwindsofchangenoescapeno escapeforthewickedEvilEvilthynameis woman.Woman.Womanheiscoming . heiscome foryouuuuuuuuu --* splortch-kt --!! the abbot 's head explode --!!! like a ripe melon drop ten storey onto pavement . blood , bone , hair and brain matter spray John . John scream . a horrible alien head burster be all that sit atop the blood spurting neck of the abbot . it keep it 's hold on the abbot 's spinal cord -- the abbot 's body continue to stagger around , arm jerk mechanically as lack of fresh nerve impulse from the brain work its way through the system . ripley scream . the infant alien -headed corpse stumble towards she -- she pluck Anthony 's staff from the floor and swing -- -- like a child hit a baseball from a tee -- whack -k -!! blast the chest / head burster across the room -- it hit the floor scrambling . scuttles down into where the windmills meet the floor . disappear . ripley bastard !! it come out of he fuck head ! ANTHONY I do not have to see that to know what that mean . ripley he send he to we . that bastard outside . I can not get away from he . he 's fuck with my mind . he 's my punishment ! ANTHONY I be confuse . before you say it come out of the torso , not the head -- ripley I do not feel like a discussion of alien biology . John come up next to she . JOHN ripley , do not -- she push he away and sink to the floor . ripley I should just wait for the air to run out ... JOHN I believe - I know - that we can win -- there be a answer in we book . ripley you book ? you book be go , brother . you world be go . once that thing start to lay its egg , all you brother - if they be not already - be dead . JOHN if that 's true , then all of we , the book , be consign to ash . he clasp he hand and bow he head . the abbot 's blood drip off he hand . plip - plop ! into a little puddle at ripley 's foot . she stare at the blood . aahk . feel the pain again . run she hand across she chest ... ANTHONY o/s ripley ? ripley what ? ANTHONY there be several inconsistancy between this and the other alien you describe . ripley give it up . ANTHONY I think this be important . this may help we fight it . the creature that I fight in the hall - when I first see it , it have camoflage itself to look like wood . ripley look up . ripley Wood ? when I see it in my room it look the way it do before -- black , mechanical -- unless that be a dream . ANTHONY I do not think it be . I think that this creature , if it be the efficient predator that you say it be , have the ability to adapt to its environment . ripley then the reason they have always look the same to I be that I only ever see they in the same environment . ANTHONY or this may be a as yet unseen stage of development -- you see a queen -- this could be like a King ant -- more highly advanced than the drine , breed for survival -? JOHN how do this explain the thing that come out of the ewe 's chest ? the abbot 's head ? ripley maybe it can deposit different type of egg . the chest burster be probably dormant until the host eat - the first one I ever see come out of kane after he start to eat -- and in one horrible moment she realize : she have not eat . the pain in she chest ... ripley no. Anthony " look " towards she - do he realize as well ? JOHN no what ? ripley no , we be not beat yet , Father -- JOHN brother -- ripley get up . ripley brother . not yet . if he 's taunting I , then maybe we can use that . we can beat this bastard . we can get to my ship . we can live . CUT to : int . technology room John stand by a ladder that run up to a trap door in the ceiling . hold a torch . ripley be on the ground with Anthony , he injure leg splay out in front of he . skin be palid . ANTHONY do not have second thought . blind and crippled I would only slow you down . give he time to figure out what you be do . just leave I my staff . ripley okay . good luck . she shake he hand . he pull she closer . Anthony 's empty eye socket seem to see as he look at ripley . ANTHONY ripley , I know . good luck . ripley sit tight . ripley cross to John . poise at the bottom of the ladder they look up at the trap door on the ceiling . ripley he could be wait on the other side of that door . we might not get ten foot before he kill the three of we . he shake he head . JOHN we have better go , then . he smile . she smile back . they move up the ladder . it lead up a damp , short shaft , wall GREEN with alga , to a underground dock - night the ladder shaft open onto a barnacle pier . ripley and John climb out onto the wooden structure . before they : a underground sea stretch the width of the entire planet , over five mile across . the floor of the lowest level of the top half of the orbiter make a ceiling that loom a hundred foot overhead . the water sparkles with a golden glow . JOHN must be day on the surface of the planet . ripley where be the light come from ? JOHN mirror . reflect the outside light down great shaft -- through lense . that 's what they make in the glass factory . lense . look -- she turn : a huge waterfall lit from within by daylight beam down from above -- pour into the sea a short distance from they . JOHN open to the surface . Water flow in and out . I do not know how . there 's one at either end . I come down on the other side . ripley what do we do ? John point to three small leather and wood coracle bob at the end of they rope . JOHN we cross . int . technology room - day Anthony have drag himself to a sit position against the bottom of one of the windmills . he wince as he prod he tender ankle with the end of he staff . it SPARKS . the large canvas arm of the windmill rotate above he head . the wind blow through he hair . whoosh ... whoosh ... feel good . Anthony reach up and wave he hand of he " eye . " ANTHONY now the seer can only see what God want he to . forty year on a planet of monk and I have finally find religion . a floor board creak . Anthony strain to hear : ANTHONY John ? ripley ? whoosh ... whoosh ... he know it be not . ANTHONY well come then . I have not get forever . a shadow fall across he face . he can feel it . he do not have to see what be here . the underground ocean - day into night the leather boat make its way across the sea . John row while ripley hold the torch aloft . as night fall she take the oar . the Ocean be dead calm . the coracle glide across the glass - like surface . John flexe he scar finger . ripley you hand okay ? JOHN they will be fine . you have be on a boat before . ripley squint ahead of they . the ocean seem to go on forever . ripley I be a warrant officer on a ship -- but I do all my sailing in space . JOHN Father anselm use to take I on he coracle when I be little . ripley lean forward - scan he face . ripley how old be you when they tow this satellite out here ? JOHN five . the abbot say they put we to sleep for the thirty year it take to get here . we have have almost forty more . until now . ripley what happen to you mother ? JOHN never have one . I mean , never know she . I mean , I do , once . she leave my father when he join the movement . if she have not I would not be here . they keep the other child with the woman , on Earth . that be too long ago now . like a dream . ripley 's face grow strangely dark . she turn to the water . ripley do you know that I be a mother ? JOHN the girl in the ship with -? ripley no. on Earth . I never mention my daughter . my daughter . I have - have I guess , by now - a daughter on Earth . Kathy . she be nine when I sign on to the Nostromo . mommy will be home before you know it I say . my share would have set we up good . then I lose sixty year float around in a rescue pod . thanks to the alien . I come home to face a bitter , 70 year old woman . my daughter . a little girl who 's mother never come home . JOHN Jesus Christ . ripley they say I should have be happy to be alive . funny , huh ? that 's why I go back the second time . not so I could fight it -- you can not fight it -- so I could let it kill I . she rub she chest -- JOHN you do not choose to get lose in space . ripley thanks for the try Father -- JOHN brother . ripley brother , but I be not look for absolution . I could not be a good mother to my daughter . I could not be a good mother to newt . but I can be a good mother to you . I can make sure you survive . suddenly they feel rain -- ripley hold out she hand . her eye open wide at what she see . John take the oar as she hold the torch over the side : the Ocean have become red with blood . blood drip down from the ceiling around they . ripley blood . John look up . JOHN from the level above . his face go white . JOHN he must have slaughter all -- ripley do not think about it . do not think about what 's up there . just row . as ripley take the torch away from the water , tiny ripple move across the surface . she do not notice . a shape pass underneath the boat . a swim creature . the alien . thanks to the reflective quality of water , it appear huge . dwarf they coracle . int . technology room - night all the windmills be burning . flaming arm lazily turn . Anthony be not in sight . whoosh ... whoosh ... the other side of the ocean - night another dock with ladder go up and down . ripley and John climb out of the coracle . do not waste time tie off . they go -- up the ladder a hundred foot climb . the wood be twisted . rung have be tear away in some place . they pull themselves up section that have only the tiniest foothold . the temperature rise as they do . sweat run into they eye . soon they can see the floor above they : blackened by intense heat . they climb . int . underground wheat field - night ripley and John come up from the level below . ripley Holy shit . John cross himself . another testament to the terrible battle with the alien . reduced to just a huge , blacken floor . all the crop burn to ash -- they char stalk mingle with the corpse of roast monk . they nostril assaile by the stench of the dead -- ripley would puke if she have any food in she body . JOHN there 's Andrew . and raphael . Peter ... ripley stop . how far ? JOHN we be right below the Abbey now . they cross the smolder field . the scorched floor threaten to give way under John 's foot -- ripley pull he to one side . the monastery level Heaven have become hell . the ground , the building , the sky-timber - all blacken . fire burn everywhere . Air choke with gray smoke and dust pour in from the orbiter 's surface through rend in the vault ceiling . ripley and JOHN climb through a hole where a trap door have be tear off it 's hinge . they look at the grim tableau : monk impale on they own pike . tangled together in they own pungy stake . alien cocoon material cobwebbed over they body . the monastery flicker fire light the first few floor window . ripley take a step towards it -- reaches back and pull John ... int . glass factory - night the Glass furnace boil almost to the point of overflow . small fire burn out of control around the room . finish glass piece burst from the heat . ripley and John enter . JOHN this be the glasswork . they have tool here -- ( spot ) Kyle -- he run across the room -- brother kyle sit calmly at the marver table . he place play card on the table in front of he . solitaire . he sing to himself quietly . kyle ( sotto ) can not see my baby . do not see my baby . Bay be . John grab he by the lapel - pull he to he foot . the play card fall to the floor -- Kyle watch they , not John . JOHN Kyle . brother Kyle . kyle card on the floor , fifty two pickup . Black king on red queen , put the ace up -- John shake he . JOHN Kyle goddammit ! ripley move closer . ripley John - it 's too late -- Kyle begin to sing faster . faster . kyle Ace up . put the ace up . redaceupup . blackaceup . up.pup-pup-pup-chaka - boomloommawhacka -- booomalooma looma -- ripley and John look at each other . they know what this mean . John pull a length of rope off a nearby table . move in front of Kyle . look into he glassy eye . a tear run down he cheek . JOHN keep sing , my friend . John loop the rope around Kyle 's neck . strangle he . ease the lifeless body to the floor . stare at it . ripley pull a blow iron from the rack . feel its weight and balance . a reasonable weapon . she cross to John . JOHN I kill he . I be a doctor and I kill he . ripley you have to . you be suppose to end suffer . she hand he a pontil , a point iron spear use to form the molten glass shape . ripley let 's get the hell out of here . int . stairwell - night ripley and John move up the stair . flicker orange light from below . smoke and soot rise from the first on the lower floor . int . library - night they enter carefully . the room be exactly as John leave it , book out of shelf , hang on they chain . ripley he 's make a mess . John push ahead of she . JOHN no . he have not be up here yet . I do this . he move to the nearest shelf and use he pontil to pry open the lock -- JOHN here - philosophy - we will start here -- aaaroo --! a hairy blur fly out from between the stack -- whumph ! knock John to the floor -- lick he face . JOHN mattias ! the happy dog leap all over he master . JOHN he wait . ripley , this be mattias . my dog . good fellow . ripley cross to they . ripley I be glad . really . but we have probably only get a few minute before this entire place go up in flame . just grab whatever book you want and -- ripley lean in to pet mattias . mattias draw he lip back . growl . he 's look over ripley 's shoulder . she turn around slowly ... the alien stand in the open doorway . it 's in bad shape from the man trap . lose a foot . tongue hang out , useless . part of it look like wood . part of it look like wheat . it carry Anthony 's waterlogged , limp body -- pop off he head like a grape from the bunch . toss the corpse at ripley 's foot . I could swear it 's try to smile . ripley and JOHN back against the book stack . John grab mattias ' collar . the Dog growls at the alien intruder ... JOHN easy , boy ... ripley be there another way out ? JOHN not that will do we any good . the alien limp into the room drag one foot . it 's breathe be labor . dripping acid blood leave a thin trail of fire behind it . JOHN we hurt it . the alien draw itself up to its full height -- even wounded it be one dangerous mother fucker . ripley you wanna give it a bandage ? look -- where be my ship from here ? JOHN on the roof directly above this room . ripley here 's the plan -- JOHN but the book -- ripley forget the book ! ruff !! mattias pull free from John 's grasp -- run to the alien -- ripley shit . mattias snap and bark at the alien -- leap about to dodge its claw . draw its attention -- ripley and JOHN run at the alien . it be try to spear the dog with its tail . John swing the iron rod -- thwap -! hit the alien across the back of its bulbous head -- it turn to he -- spliiiitch -! ripley shove the blow iron into the alien 's torso . his acid blood spurt out the end of the hollow tube -- splatter ripley 's cassock - she tear it off -- John grab mattias -- pull he back . the alien spin in a circle -- blood spraying around he - creating a circle of FIRE about he -- igniting the book -- JOHN no! the book !! ripley do not --! John step forward -- ripley grab for he -- the acid eat through the wooden floor -- the floor collapse the alien , John and ripley plummet down -! through the next floor -- into the glasswork the alien fall into the molten glass vat -- screech - arm flail as it sink beneath the surface of the thousand degree liquid . JOHN find himself hanging over the bubbling glass vat - caught - dangling on the Flying Fox rope . five foot away - the ledge the Flying Fox be launch from . he look down : he can see the huge open vat of molten glass below he . to its right , the Water dump tank - a large wine cask - look affair where finish piece be cool . he look up : ripley hold onto the edge of the break floor above . JOHN be you all right ? ripley grunt a affirmative response . at least be she fall , it will only be a twenty - foot drop to the floor . John be look at instant par-boil . John start to move hand over hand up the rope . he begin to sweat . a drop of sweat fall ... hsss ! pop and sizzle as it hit the surface of the molten glass -- ripley tries to pull herself up to the floor above -- the next level be a raging fire . she can only hang and drop . she doe -! Falls the two storey . bend she knee and roll on impact . JOHN have reach the ledge overlook the furnace . he stand . see ripley slowly rise -- JOHN ripley -! ripley shakily get to she foot . hop on one foot . ripley aargh . I be fine . let 's get the fuck out of -- suddenly the alien be head break the surface of the molten glass . scream . steaming . it be white - hot - translucent -- cover with -- it look like molten glass !! hook-like hand grasp the edge of the tank -- it try to climb out -- ripley turn to run . tender ankle give out . she fall face down on the floor -- roll over -- the alien be go to climb out of the vat -- she scream -- JOHN grab the Flying Fox handle . swing down the rope - across the room -- past the alien -- it turn away from ripley - she scramble across the floor ... John land hard . point -- JOHN ripley - the lever !! ripley look next to she : a burn wooden lever . the alien have one foot out of the glass furnace -- ripley grab the lever -- hssssst ! put out the fire with she hand -- pull -- the huge dump tank of water dump . empty a thousand gallon -- rain down on the alien . it howl in pain -- the molten Glass instantly cool -- the rapid extreme temperature change cause the beast to be-thwoooooooom -!! explode into a million piece ...!!!! ripley help John off the floor . they be batter . bloody . they look into the vat . the steam clear ... the room be litter with alien bit . each piece be encase in glass -- trapped like a fly in amber . JOHN saw that happen to a bottle once . ripley ( panting ) beat ... beat he - ugh -- she grab she stomach as she knee give out . John give she a arm for support . JOHN we have get to get to the Library -- ripley do not worry . ship. just -- they look up : mattias look down through the hole in the floor . bark ... int . library - night a inferno . every bookshelf ablaze . the floor dot with pool of flame . ripley and John be at the door - hold back by the heat -- John try to enter the room -- ripley grab he -- ripley do not be stupid -- JOHN some of they ! I have get to save some of they ! mattias !! mattias yelp in response . thread he way through to they . ripley spin he to face she . tear stream down he cheek . ripley they be lose . you do you best . if you get out , it be not in vain . we have get to live !! she yank he into the hallway -- CUT to : ext . monastery - the roof - night ripley 's good foot kick down the burn plank that surround the escape ship . John and mattias stand behind as she climb through to the ship . John look around : the abbey level be devastate . the air be fill with smoke . the Abbey be burn . the Library be in flame . John look down at he medical bag . torn , bloody , scorched , it still hang from he shoulder . Inside : the only remain book . ripley o/s come on in ! John and mattias step through -- int . sulacco escape pod # 4 - night ripley click on the light . John lift mattias into the hatch . JOHN the Library -- ripley I tell you -- the Earth be still there -- ripley check a instrument : elapsed travel time . her brow knit . she tap the gauge . ripley not work . JOHN what do that mean ? ripley it mean I do not know how long I be in hyper sleep . JOHN it mean the abbot could have be right -- ripley it mean my clock be not work . we have to get out of here . even if he be right this ship 's onboard computer be fill with man 's knowledge . JOHN not everything . some thing will be lose forever . ripley then man start over . he 's do it before . she push a few button . somewhere under the floor a propulsion source hum to life . throbbing through the sole of John 's foot . ripley be absorb in she work . ripley okay . the seal be not break so we be probably clear . but that dead monk out there be go to start hatching soon . let 's get ready to take off . JOHN what can I do ? ripley here , I need a compressor tank from in that compartment . she motion towards a open door . John enter the compartment . whoosh -clang -! the door close behind he . JOHN hey ! what ?! he look out the window in the door . ripley be stare at he , punch key on a pad next to the door . JOHN hey - I be lock in . mattias scratch at the door . ripley I know . I lock you in . JOHN what ? ripley I be not go with you . I have get one inside I . JOHN what ?! you can not -- she run a hand across she midsection . ripley I figure it out . that 's why it do not kill I . he must have impregnate I when I be in the stasis tube . ( remember nightmare ) it have not come out yet because I have not eat , it 's still dormant . so either I eat and it kill I or I do not eat and I starve to death . either way I die . John pull the medieval tome out of he medical bag . JOHN my book -- I know what to do -- ripley what , a exorcism ? no good . JOHN you can not do this . ripley - listen to I - you be confusing feel of guilt for actual sin - I can help you -- ripley ( ignore ) I have set a time lock . when the pod escape the colony 's gravitational pull this compartment will open . then all you have to do be get into the stasis tube with mattias and press the blue button . with any luck a freighter or something will pick you up . good luck . he pound he fist against the door . JOHN no ! no , goddammit - you can not do this . you can not let it win . she turn away from the door . ripley it always win . we kill it , but it 's still inside I -- you be my last chance . if I can keep you alive it will make up for all that I have lose . JOHN listen to I ! you have to let I try ! ripley : you be my only chance ! she 's listen ... JOHN I tell you Father anselm raise I . he raise I and when he be die I could not do anything to save he . I do not know enough . it be my fault he die . if you do not let I try to save you my body will live but my soul will be dead . ripley turn and stare at he . JOHN please . CUT to : the page a medieval etching . a monk vomit up the devil . pull back as John lower ripley to the pod floor . John close he eye . close the book . he pour some water into a small plastic cup . retrieve a small pouch of herb . open it . wrinkle he nose - they smell -- pour this ancient medicine into the space age cup . ripley what be this stuff ? JOHN ( forceful ) something that will make you well . something that will make you sick . ripley I do not -- JOHN shut up and drink . he lift the back of ripley 's head -- force the drink down she throat . John swing he leg over she midsection . straddle she . press he two hand together in prayer . then ball they into one fist . take a deep , preparatory breath ... ripley start to gag -- cough . her body start to jerk -- John bring he fist down into her stomach -- whamm -!! ripley convulse -- have the dry heave -- wham ! wham --! John pummel ripley 's diaphragm ! she sputter -- vomit a thick mucous-like substance -- heave -- ripley 's back arch -- she scream a gut wrenching wail -- her torso bulge as the creature be force upwards . John bear down -- pushes up under she rib -- forcing the chest - burster up she throat -- ripley fight for air as the alien stop halfway up she esophagus -- she 's choke -- John cross himself -- take a deep breath -- lower he mouth to hers -- inhale . exhales . cpr . the alien chest burster slither out of ripley 's mouth -- into JOHN be !! reptilian tail whip about before disappear down he gullet . John fall back against a computer console . gagging . fights to speak . ripley raise herself up on one elbow . alien mucous drool down she chin . Hair matte against she forehead . ripley why ? JOHN choke . it be the only way . he drop the open book in front of she : she see the etching . JOHN gulp back the ooze slime . struggle to he foot . JOHN they know . ripley but you -- ripley try to stand - to go after he -- she can not sit up -- feel like a rib might be crack . ripley you will die -- John stumble to the pod door . turn back . JOHN that 's idea . join ... my brother . if we be right , Heaven . if we be wrong -- either way , where we belong . World of book . page . he draw the parchment out of he bag . drop it to the floor . JOHN you ... be from the real world . he start to step through the door -- mattias try to follow . JOHN stay -- both of you . he exit the pod . ripley drag herself across the floor . ripley no - wait ! John ! to the door . look out : brother JOHN Dawn 's ray be peek through the batter ceiling as he walk slowly across the smoking roof . into the inferno that be the burn Abbey . ripley watch as John and the alien horror inside he be incinerated . the heat of the flame grow . she must pull back -- reaches up for the door handle . it close with a thud . she roll onto she back . she weep . for the first time in year . she 's be absolve . creeeek -!! the escape pod shift . ripley 's eye SNAP open -- the roof beneath the pod be beginning to give way . ripley roll onto she stomach and drag herself to the pilot 's chair . pull herself into the seat . strap herself in -- sulacco escape pod # 4 blast through the wooden outershell of the orbiter arceon . roar towards we - past we . int . sulacco escape pod # 4 = day ripley place mattias into the hyper sleep tube . rub under he chin . be about to climb in with he when she spot something on the floor -- john' parchment ripley pick it up and unroll it . she hear John 's voice : JOHN v.o. I , brother John Goldman of the orbiter arceon , minorite abbey and gaol , know the abbot be wrong . there be a great evil here . I have see it . I put pen to paper now lest this plague - this creature still my hand . I have go down below - both to try to warn the other and get the woman - ripley - get from she some clue as to how to battle this evil , or at least to make my peace for not defend she . she believe there be still and Earth and I hope she be right . I hope she will be able to find out . I hope she can find some rest for the devil that torment she . ripley look at the elapse time counter on the command console . pull a pen from it 's holder . she add : ripley v.o. whether the Earth exist or not , whether we end up in Heaven , or Hell , or the cold vacuum of space , she have . she set she course . get back into she tube . close the lid . deep space the escape pod move through the jet-black void ... arceon dwindle into the darkness behind she , a smoulder , slowly die ember ... the screen goe black end credit roll ... teenager in the back of the movie theater shout , " it 's in the dog ! "