alien nation original screenplay by rockne S. o'bannon rewrite by James cameron October 1987 fade in : ext . mojave desert - day ( television image ) a long lens shot of a far distant metallic object hover just above the ground -- maybe two or three mile away . the heat wave and the light refraction off the desert - scape make the object undulate rhythmically , keep its true shape and appearance indistinct . the video camera recording this scene zoom back , then pan over -- revealing a semicircle of US Army vehicle and personnel . Army Engineers with they tripod -mount scope and binocular be shoulder to shoulder with the armed infantry . everyone stare off at the same point on the horizon . wait . the video camera movement be handheld , unsteady , as it move through the line of Army personnel to reveal a second , less organize semicircle of observer fifty yard behind the Army . local from nearby town perch in truck bed and on car roof , budweiser and frito at hand , eye glue to the distant object . the video camera image climb up onto the roof of a park local tv van , find the object again in the distance , zoom in , and wait , like everyone else . abruptly the video image contract , become a box chromakeye behind CNN reporter duncan crais . crais that be the scene in California 's mojave Desert three year ago today -- the historic first view of the Newcomer ship upon its dramatic arrival . as with the assassination of John Kennedy , who among we do not remember exactly where he be that October nineteenth morning , when news first break : that people have land ... from another star . we pull back from a large television set to reveal ... int . a crowded bar - los angele - night the hollowpoint Lounge -- a cop bar . the off -duty uniform and plainclothes cop be mostly ignore the tv , except for two detective , fedorchuk and alterez , who be wait for the ball score . fedorchuk I remember where I be -- pissing off my balcony at the neighbor 's dog ! other laugh . alterez ( yell at crais on tv ) get to the goddamn ball score ! on the tv screen , a on-location interview with a cal - tech professor come up . her name and title appear across the bottom of the screen . cal -tech professor from the time mankind first gaze up at the star there have be speculation about a visit by people from " out there . " how ironic that when that first contact be make , the two hundred and sixty thousand occupant aboard the craft be as surprised as we be about they arrival . that they awaken from freeze hibernation to find they malfunction autopilot have land they here by mistake . the CNN reporter , Duncan crais , appear again . crais this " newcomer , " we soon learn , be a genetically - engineered race , adapt for hard labor in almost any environmental condition . in effect , they ship be a slave ship ... wash ashore on Earth with no way to get back to where they come from ... a dishwasher tray fill with beer glass cut across frame , and we pan with it as it be slam down on the countertop . now a interview with a fresno housewife stand outside a supermarket come on the tv screen . fresno housewife when the newcomer be first let out of the ship , they be quarantine in a camp not ten mile from the town here . you can imagine how the people around here feel about that . but once they be release from the camp and we get a chance to know they , we see what nice , quiet people they really be ... wider revealing a massive alien figure in a filthy white busboy 's uniform . his back be to we as he pick up two trays from the counter . the bartender be dwarf by this Newcomer , but work around he without apparent concern . fedorchuk address the alien busboy . fedorchuk hey , Henry , how you doin ' tonight ? workin ' hard ? the Newcomer turn -- he face be humanoid , but disturbingly alien . fedorchuk you get you green card , buddy ? you do not leave home without it ? the cop at the bar crack up . Henry look at fedorchuk -- he eye carry no malice ... or pain . he merely blink . CUT to : int . / ext . slug -mobile - STREET - night a explosion of color and movement as open title play very quickly . we be traveling the street in a n.d. sedan , get moving glimpse of the alien live among we now : -- a coffee shop where alien eat at some window table . -- a Newcomer leave a night school with a armload of book . -- a city park where a number of alien family have gather to play some arcane alien game . syke jeez ... they call that gang - bang a game ...? -- a billboard for pepsi feature a alien . -- the sedan have pull to a stop at a red light . suddenly a hand thump against the glass next to syke ' head ... and alien hand . syke jump . it 's a newcomer derelict stand there , weaving , mumble in he own language . in one filthy hand hold a quart carton of milk . we know immediately what he want . syke roll down the window . syke take a hike . syke get a whiff of the derelict 's breath as the light change and the sedan pull away , leave he in the street . syke grimace at the smell . syke why 's it have to be sour milk that this guy get waste on ? what the hell 's wrong with Jack Daniels , or thunderbird for chrissake ? ( beat ; disgust ) slagtown . shit ... -- alien hang around outside they home . -- alien hooker ply they trade . syke hope they plumbing 's the same . tuggle it be . ( and syke give he a look ) -- a Newcomer lowrider pull up beside the slug-mobile . -- a alien couple exit a theater play " terminator III " . -- a alien wig shop . angle title end , and we start to pull back into the slug-mobile and hear : tuggle ( o.s. ) so you gonna go , or you not gonna go ? int . slug -mobile - night the dashboard be litter with fast - food detritus and two coffee in styrofoam cup make fog circle on the windshield . a hand pick up one of the coffee and we follow it to a face , a forty - year - old cop face that 's see some wear and tear -- behind the wheel be matt syke . beside he be he partner of nine year , bill tuggle . tuggle expertly munch on a slice of pizza as he talk . syke how can I go ? tuggle put on you wash - and - wear suit and you clip - on tie , have you landlady tie you shoe for you , and show up at the church . simple . ( beat ) I and Carol be go . syke what ? tuggle hey , look -- we have know Kristin since ... since she be conceive in that cabin up in Big bear . remember ? you and edie bang the wall so hard , I and Carol be pick plaster out of we hair for a week ... syke goddammit , tug -- I want to see Kristin get marry , okay ? but -- tuggle but you be bum because you ex and she new husband be pay for the whole thing . syke shit , if Kristin have to get marry where I could afford it , we would be hold the reception at buddy 's burger . syke stare out the window , wallowing in he piss - off mood . then he spot something that twinge he street - cop radar . syke uh-oh ... check it out . through the window tuggle see what syke see : two alien in long coat move down the sidewalk , enter a mom - and - pop mini-mart on the corner . one of they wear dark glass and a red bandana ( kipling ) : the other have on a black vinyl raincoat . syke do that look at all suspicious to you ? tuggle whatever give you that idea ? ext . STREET - night syke continue up a quarter of a block , pull to the curb among other park car . int . sedan - night syke be already pull he gun . tuggle quickly reach for the radio in the glovebox . tuggle this be one - Henry -seven , we have get a possible two - eleven in progress at porter 's mini-mart , corner of Court and Alvarado . requesting backup . impulsive syke be already open he door and climb out . syke let 's do it , partner . tuggle drop the radio mike and follow syke as the Radio dispatcher confirm the call . ext . STREET - night the two cop , gun in hand , move along the row of park car across the street from the mini-mart . through the store window they see the old alien proprietor behind the counter . his eye go wide as kipling whip back he coat and yank out a short combat pump - shotgun and aim it right at he . the raincoat alien pull a identical gun and cover the door . syke and tuggle react to the firepower inside . syke you get you vest ? tuggle of course . right in the trunk of the car . syke yeah , that 's comforting . mine , too . through the store window the robbery continue in pantomime . kipling gesture viciously with the shotgun , yell order in the alien language . the proprietor be quickly fill a paper bag with cash from the register . the proprietor' wife , a middle - age alien woman , stand in the doorway from the back , freeze in fear . the raincoat alien dance from foot to foot , antsy , wire . syke and tuggle crouch at the car directly across the street from the store entrance . tuggle watch the driver . I be go for a better angle on the door . syke I get he . do not get pin . tuggle leave the cover provide by the car , run cater - corner across the intersection . through the store window syke see kipling grab the bag of cash , shove it in he coat pocket . bill fall out , but he do not care . then , without warning , kipling whip up the twelve gauge and blow a hole in the proprietor 's chest ! the proprietor slam back against the shelf , slide to the floor . kipling lean over the counter and fire another round into the proprietor . syke ( under he breath ) aw , shit . tuggle be almost across the street when he hear the shot . the human driver of the getaway car ( park at the curb a few door down from the mini-mart ) glance up , spot tuggle . he lean on the horn , reach for a machine pistol on the seat next to he . int . mini - mart - night kipling and raincoat alien react to the horn honk . they spot tuggle through the store window and open fire -- blasting through the glass . a civilian car enter the intersection . the engine be hit by shotgun fire , and the car skid to a stop in the intersection , steam rise from the radiator . ext . STREET - night tuggle dive behind a lamp post . the Driver be out of the car now , bring up the machine pistol to fire at tuggle . syke see this and open fire at the Driver . the Driver turn and fire at syke . syke duck down , and the car he 's hide behind be spray with bullet . a forty - foot move van pull down the street between syke and the Driver . once the truck be past , syke be stand behind the bullet - riddled car , gun ready . he rapid-fire -- cream the human Driver . tuggle be pin down behind the thin lamp post by the shotgun fire from kipling and raincoat alien . syke get outta there ! tuggle I can not ! do you mind ! syke I will cover you ! get outta there !! syke rise and run across the street toward the getaway car , fire toward the store as he go . kipling and raincoat dodge behind cover . tuggle seize the opportunity , jump from behind the lamp post and run to the stall civilian car . he slide across the hood and drop behind the car for cover . tuggle slowly poke he head up to peer through the car window . his gaze be meet by the face of the old man driver who be still inside the car . old man can I get out now ? tuggle move it ! syke do not have a clear fire line on the alien in the store . as he consider he next move -- tuggle fire at the two alien . they return fire and he slide down to safety behind the car . or so he think . Glass rain down on he as the car window be cremate by the shotgun blast . he flinch as another blast hit the car . he look over . there 's a big exit hole in the fender beside he . the shot went right through the car . another exit hole be blasted , inch from he shoulder . panicked , he scramble along the side of the car -- blast and exit hole follow he until he reach the front of the car . he have nowhere leave to go and -- -- a blast come through the car and catch he squarely in the chest throw he back onto the street . syke ' head jerk around -- in time to see he partner of nine year blow away . kipling keep fire in tuggle 's direction until he shotgun click empty . int . mini - mart - night kipling grab raincoat and throw he toward the back exit of the store . the shotgun fall from raincoat 's hand . the two of they run out the back . ext . STREET - night syke run to tuggle 's spread -eagle body . one glance be enough . nobody ever look deader . syke aw shit , tug , Jesus ! goddamn it ! he stare , shocked and incredulous . he can not find a way to think or feel about this . then we see he go crazy right before we eye , the rage revving . he take off toward the store as siren be heard rapidly approach in background . int . mini - mart - night syke move through like a locomotive skid on break glass , bang through the exit . ext . alley - night syke catch sight of the two alien just as they round the corner at the far end of the alley . he take off , quickly cranking up to full speed . ext . back STREET - night syke round the corner . do not see they anymore . he slow ... move along this street with some caution . lot of shadow , lot of hide place . syke hear a noise , look up ... just in time to see raincoat on a high , huge billboard . he cut loose with the shotgun . syke dive . huge chunks of the crate he dive behind fly off into the night . syke , on he belly , scramble deeper among the crate . raincoat 's shotgun click empty now . he drop it , swing down off the fire escape , run off . syke be up again in a flash , pound after he . ext . tunnel STREET - night syke round this second corner , race down the street . the only route they could have take be through a tunnel up ahead . syke approach the tunnel , all sense wide open . int . tunnel - night the murkiness of the tunnel engulf he as he move through the mouth . he try to control he breathe so he can hear . the only SOUND be he own shoe scuffing along the asphalt . then he hear -- another set of footstep . rapid footstep , come toward he , echoing . he can not tell from which direction ! he spin , just as a large shape lunge for he with a alien cry . it 's the wire raincoat alien . syke get he gun up just in time and fire -- once , twice , three time . raincoat alien be knock backwards to the wet asphalt by the blast . syke approach the body slowly . with a inhuman roar , the alien snap forward , lung at syke with outstretch arm . syke jump back , startle , and fire twice more at the pale figure . raincoat go down and stay down . syke relax for the briefest moment . then he hear it ... a distinctive clicking SOUND , metal on metal . syke look up and -- kipling drop down on he from directly above ! syke go down in a heap . he 's manage to hold onto the gun and as kipling come for he , he swing the gun hand around . kipling see it , lash out , slamm the gun from syke ' hand . syke try to get to he foot , but the alien grab he and fling he down the tunnel . a siren be heard approach in background . kipling move in to deliver the coup de grace . as he draw near , syke hear that distinctive clicking SOUND again . syke ' p.o.v . though he vision be blurred , syke still get a good look at a exotic silver bracelet on the alien 's wrist . the strand of this bracelet be what make the clinking noise . angle the alien rear back , and as he do , the approach siren suddenly wail louder as a backup patrol car swing onto the street head this way . kipling see this and leave syke , run off down the dark tunnel . on syke daze , struggle to rise . we hear run footstep approach . syke turn , he eye wild and unfocus . syke ' p.o.v . a out-of -focus alien face loom over he . angle syke whip around in a roundhouse swing with all he weight on it , pistone he fist straight into the alien face . the alien , catch by surprise and off balance , sprawl backward out of frame . syke be grab by a human uniform cop , as he try to swing again . human cop whoa , whoa ... hold it . take it easy . ( to alien on the ground ) you okay ? syke stop struggle , and he eye focus . he look at the alien he just deck , sprawle on he ass ten foot away . the alien be a uniform cop ... he name be jetson . jetson I be all right . he get up . a trickle of purple blood run from he nose . human cop I better call in . he move off . jetson move toward syke and the raincoat alien 's body . syke tense , think jetson might retaliate in some way . but jetson simply step past he to kneel beside the dead alien . he check for a pulse on the underside of the dead alien 's upper arm . nothing . syke be hold he punch hand in obvious pain . he struggle to rise . jetson get a arm around he to help he up . jetson you hand will require attention . syke roughly jerk himself free of jetson 's grip . syke get the hell away from I ! I do not need you goddamn help . he almost lose he balance and have to steady himself against the tunnel wall . syke lean there , the picture of impotent rage and frustration . jetson look at he , with that slight inquisitive expression alien exhibit when try to understand human nature . ext . mini - mart - night OPEN on tuggle 's body , as the body bag be zipped up over he face , and the litter be lift into the back of the coroner 's wagon . widen to reveal syke , stand nearby , watch . the wagon pull out , and syke turn , move past all the lapd black - and - white and forensics wagon , and cop ( two of they alien ) and detective , and rubberneckers ( some alien ) . he move into : int . mini - mart - night the crime scene team be check for print , digging slug out of the wall , photograph everything . several uniformed cop mill around . syke move aimlessly around the room like a stranger at a party . the proprietor 's wife stand near the body in a strange rigid posture , a thin , mournful keening SOUND come from she lip . a harry female uniform cop be try to get she away from the body , but can not get she to budge . minkler , a ballistic guy , be tagging the pump -shotgun the raincoat alien drop here . natuzzi , a mean-look veteran uniform cop be with he . natuzzi look like a standard combat pump - action . minkler it be . natuzzi so what punch hole clear through that car out there ? minkler pull a evidence baggie from he work box . Inside be four unfire twelve gauge shell . minkler bri sabot slug . this puppy be nasty . two plastic sabot fall away in flight leave a fifty - caliber slug go two thousand foot per second . tug might as well have be hide behind a rosebush . minkler sense somebody have just step up beside he . he look . it 's syke . natuzzi pretty heavy artillery for knock over a liquor store . a new voice enter the conversation . jetson ( o.s. ) a identical round be use in the shoot of a Newcomer name hubley , two day ago . syke turn -- surprised , and not especially pleased to see the voice be jetson' . minkler yeah ? so why the extra fire power ? jetson perhaps because even the larger caliber handgun be not always effective against my people . syke ( mull this , then ) you say there 's some connection to this other homicide ? before jetson can say , the female cop who be talk to the proprietor 's wife step up . female cop hey , give I a hand with this woman , will ya jetson ? we have get to get she to division for she statement and she will not budge . jetson ( to syke ) Excuse I . and he move off with he partner . syke call after he , but jetson be already approach the woman and do not turn . syke so , you think there 's a connection , or what ? hey ! CUT to : ext . syke ' apartment build - night the slug-mobile pull up . a drain syke move up the walk to he front door . int . syke ' apartment - night syke enter he apartment , a untidy bachelor place decorate with negative taste . it 's obviously the may 's decade off . by rote , he hit the rewind switch on the answer machine on he way into the kitchen . the tape rewind . he open the fridge . not much here . left-over take - out pizza carton . left-over take - out chinese food carton . left-over take - out burger wrapper . the answer machine message begin -- he glance over he shoulder as he hear he daughter 's voice . during the follow , he reach the fridge . bring out a milk carton that 's in he way , set it on the counter . reaches in again and this time bring out a bottle of stoly . then search for a semi-clean glass . kristin' voice ( bouncy , bride - to - be happy ) hi , daddy , it 's I . I be over at Danny 's parent ' house ... talk about Sunday . I think maybe you would be home by now . anyway , uh , nothing really . I just want to call and say I love you . I love you , daddy . ( she giggle ) uh-oh , I should not 'a do that . know you , you will probably pull this tape out of you machine and save it -- in that drawer where you keep every card I ever give you , and all of my old baby tooth ... gross ! anyway , daddy , do not save this tape -- but I do love you , and I will talk to you before Sunday . ( beat ) oh , tug and Carol come by and meet Danny last week . ( syke stiffen ) Danny think tug be the great -- but , then , who do not ? anyway , love you , talk to you soon . ' bye . the machine beeps and hiss . syke take the glass and the bottle of vodka , cross back toward the live room , switch off the answer machine as he go . then he stop , turn back , take the message tape out of the machine and toss it into a drawer . fade to : int . detective squad room - day syke enter , stir a jumbo coffee . he 's sleep about four hour , and he face look like he go a few with hagler . he cross straight to fedorchuk 's desk . syke so what have you get on tuggle 's killer ? fedorchuk Jesus , syke -- it 's be less than ten hour . I and alterez be on it , okay ? syke you do not have squat . fedorchuk you ever try to make a case in slagtown ? the list of Newcomer informant be about as long as the list of mexican war heroes ... alterez up yours . fedorchuk ... nobody talk to nobody down there . half of they do not speak English and the other half only when it suit they . it 's gonna take some time . syke yeah , I know it 's gonna take time . like until the Ice capade open in Hell , with you two on it . across the room , the Captain 's door bang open and captain warner pound out , he deep voice booming through the squad room . warner nobody wander off ! I get a announcement . get you ass back in here . two detective on they way out , stop , and head back into the room . everybody gather around , curious , as Warner stand hold a sheet of paper . warner I will make this short . this be a directive from Chief evaner , who be act on order from the Mayor , who be under mandate from the Federal Bureau of Newcomer Relations . as of nine o'clock this morning , one Newcomer uniform officer have be promote to the rank of detective , third grade . the detective groan ... some angrier one grumble , " this be bullshit ! " , etc . warner and we have get he , gentleman . ( more groan ) volunteer for duty with the new detective should see I in my office ... otherwise I will choose a volunteer myself . that be all . he turn and head back to he office in the wake of continue grumble from the detective . syke , stand to one side , absently watch Warner return to he glass - wall office . wait inside be a bald man and a alien in a grey suit . syke react . the alien in the suit be jetson . the grumble continue around he as syke consider something . fedorchuk unbelievable bullshit . alterez how long have this slag be on the force ? a year , max -- right ? detective I do not know about the rest of you , but I sure as hell be not gonna sit still for this . I be call the union , pronto . other grumble . " yeah ! " . meanwhile , syke have decide something . he head toward Warner 's office . fedorchuk see this . fedorchuk where the hell be he go ? int . warner' office - day syke knock and enter . warner yeah , syke ? syke Captain . I would like to volunteer for duty with the new detective . Warner be surprised . he never expect syke . warner ... all right . detective sergeant syke , this be detective ... jetson . jetson we have meet . Warner look up , clocking this . he look at syke , start to smell something fishy . the bald man , goldrup , rise to shake they hand . goldrup Victor goldrup , Mayor 's office . congratulation , gentleman . Warner be start to suspect what syke be up to . warner ( to syke ) you be to have nothing to do with the investigation into Bill tuggle 's death . you know that . leave that for fedorchuk . syke ( nodd ) departmental policy . warner ( to jetson ) you ? jetson yes , sir . warner good . syke there 's another case I would like to take . a homicide -- a Newcomer name hubley . jetson look over at syke , know he 's up to something . syke avoid he look . warner Granger and pitt be already on it . syke Granger and pitt have one hell of a caseload ... and I would have think with jetson here be the first Newcomer plainclothes , and hubley 's body be find over in the Newcomer community ... warner do not tell I what to think . goldrup he 's get a point . that 's the sort of thing we should be do with this early advancement program ... long-suffering Warner look up at goldrup , then finally sigh with resignation . syke grin . CUT to : int . stairwell - first floor hallway - day the steel door bang open and syke and jetson exit . next to syke ' sleep - in look , jetson in he grey suit look like a jehovah 's Witness canvasser . they move past all the black - and - white pull out on p.m. watch during : syke ... and we work my hour . I will do the drive , you do the paperwork . you gotta learn it so you might as well do it all . jetson ( after a moment ) sergeant ... I would like to thank you for what you be do . syke what 's that ? ( then realize ) look , jetson . get this straight in you head . we be not pal , we be not marry , and we be not gonna take long moonlight walk together ... we be just partner . and do not call I sergeant . call I syke ... or Matt if you have to . jetson I be George . syke nod absently , and they walk on ... four and a half step to be exact . then it hit syke . he seize up cold . syke wait a minute . George ? George jetson ? jetson nod ... he 's use to this . syke crack up . syke ( between laugh ) man , somebody really hang one on you ! I have hear some good one for you guy ... humphrey bogart , harley davidson . I guess the people at immigration get a little punchy after a while , come up with name for a quarter of a million of you . you be not at the back of the line , be you , George ? jetson my true name be ss'tangya t'ssorentsa ' . syke gesundheit . you do not mind if I stick to George , do you ? ext . police station parking area - day they approach syke ' ugly sedan , the slug-mobile . syke anyway , what 's it matter to you if we think it 's funny , right ? whatta you care ? jetson that be exactly so . ( completely deadpan ) it be like you name ... syke . I be sure it do not bother you at all that it sound like " ss ' be k'ss " , two word in my language which mean " excrement " and " cranium " . syke look at he , perplex . jetson " shit ... head " . jetson get in and slam the door , leave syke stand there , the smirk drop from he face . CUT to : int . slug -mobile - day they be cruise along in downtown traffic . syke drive . jetson be somewhat cramped in the passenger seat . syke let 's talk hubley . jetson ( refer to a folder he hold ) his body be discover three day ago , in a alley off of Central Avenue , near downtown . syke with two bri sabot slug in the chest . jetson ( gently correct he ) through the chest . rupturing both the primary and secondary heart . syke ( out the window ) Nice signal , dickwad ! jetson be momentarily throw by this outburst from syke . then ... jetson he be employ at the Northwest Petroleum refinery in torrance . he be manager of the methane facility . he be also a principle partner in a real estate venture to develop low - cost housing for newcomer . syke grimace at the mention of " Newcomer housing " . syke terrific . a real pillar of the community . ( beat ) be hubley miss anything when they find he ? be he rip off ? jetson ( check file ) there be no wallet ... but he be still wear a watch and two ring . syke the guy at the mini-mart last night make a half - ass stab at the money in the till -- but I do not think that 's what they be there for . I think we get we a couple 'a execution on we hand , George ... jetson the murder at the mini-mart be not we case . the Captain say -- syke look over at jetson , piss . syke look , you want to fit in here , right ? you want to learn how to get along ? jetson yes . syke well , there 's a thing about partner , about be somebody 's partner . you do for each other . and other people 's rule do not mean shit . it 's the rule set up between the two of you , that 's all that count . understand ? ( jetson nod ) okay . well , my friend and partner be shot last night and I be after the shitbag that do it . as my partner , I be ask you to respect I and help I find he . jetson consider this several moment , then -- jetson and as my partner , I ask you to respect I and my desire not to break with procedure . syke stare at he , exasperate . without warning , he slam the car to a stop right in the middle of heavy traffic , put it in " Park . " jetson , who be already a little too close to the dashboard , bang up against it . horn instantly go crazy behind they . jetson what be wrong ? syke ( very calm ) nothing 's wrong . I just want to get something straight . you agree that there 's a good chance this two shooting be somehow related , right ? yelling join the horn outside . jetson be visibly unsettle by the chaos . jetson well ... yes , quite possibly . syke possibly . good . well , would you be willing to accept the theory , George , that ... possibly ... by examine the evidence from one case we might shed some small ray of light on the other ? do that sound unreasonable to you ? jetson yes ... no , it be not unreasonable . although I -- syke great . ( a relieved sigh ) well , I be sure glad that 's settle , be not you ? and with that he put the car in gear and pull rapidly out . syke I think we be really start to click now , George -- hmmm ? jetson do not know what to think -- he just hold on . CUT to : int . hallway - L.A. county morgue - day winter , a deputy Medical examiner ( human ) , be lead syke and jetson along the hall . he read on the fly from a case file in he hand . winter you know I have be over all this with fedorchuk and alterez this morning ... syke come on . you get nothin ' better to do , cushy county job like yours . int . autopsy room - day they enter briskly through a swinging door . they move among the table ( some occupy , some not ) during : winter yeah , right . do not push you luck . anyway , accord to the sheet , the guy you nail outside by the car -- syke the human ? winter yeah ... he be one Martin helder . White male , twenty -seven . let 's see ... wrap sheet show one armed robbery conviction , a couple for sale of a control substance . oh yeah , and he be wire on coke when you stop he clock . they have reach a table hold a cover body . Winter unceremoniously throw back the cover . there lie the pale naked body of the raincoat alien . jetson have you identify this one ? winter so far he 's a John doe . or a Sam slag , if you like . jetson smile slightly out of politeness . winter no i.d. on he and -- well , you know , no fingerprint -- so it could be tough . you buddy this morning go through the mug book but could not make a facial match . syke fedorchuk could not find he ass with he hand in he back pocket . jetson nonchalantly look over the alien body while Winter and syke continue talk off to one side . winter ( refer to raincoat alien ) you take this gut out , too , do not you ? syke yeah . winter lucky for you , you get he in both of he ... well , what we loosely refer to as ... heart . syke lucky nothing . I have to empty my damn gun into he . winter that 's the way this people be . you do not hit both pump you just piss they off . during this , jetson have turn the dead alien 's hand over -- see something that bring a frown of curiosity to he face . he lean closer , examine the palm carefully . then he peel back the alien 's upper lip . jetson frown anew , with concern this time . he look around , spot a Newcomer lab assistant nearby -- bentner . jetson motion he over . jetson begin question he use the alien language . syke and Winter nearby , remain oblivious . winter oh , here 's a extra headshot if you need one . ( hand syke a polariod of dead alien 's face ) we be just about to start cut in . you be welcome to stick around if you want . it 's really fascinating stuff . syke yeah , I will bet . syke look over , now notice jetson and bentner in earnest conversation . he only catch snatch of the alien language . bentner appear very unsettle by what jetson be tell he . in response to jetson 's final statement , bentner nod -- as if agree to do something jetson have request . syke go over to jetson . syke what 's this ? what 's go on ? jetson nothing . syke ( really suspicious now ) nothing ? jetson ( look away ) should not we examine they personal effect ? jetson move off , leave syke there wonder . CUT to : int . property room - county morgue - day two large plastic packet be dumped of they content onto a formica counter . syke look through the dead alien 's effect while jetson go through the human' . ortiz , the college girl work the property counter , sit nearby do homework . jetson hold up a little foil packet with a puzzle frown . jetson what be this ? syke ( look , then ) a rubber . a condom . you know ... coney Island whitefish ? ( jetson do not know what one be ) Men , human man , put they on they , uh -- penise -- to protect against have baby . ( jetson still do not get it ; syke turn to Ortiz ) you need this for anything ? ortiz nope , get my own . anything you guy do not use get stuff away in storage . syke tear open the packet , unroll the condom , dangle it before jetson . syke get the picture ? jetson ( frown ) and that fit ? syke well ... yeah , it 's rubber . it stretch . jetson and still it fit ? syke look at jetson 's serious expression . he toss the condom and packet back into the counter and continue search . a beat , then he can not stop himself -- he steal a glance at jetson 's crotch . still search , syke pick up one of the dead alien 's well - wear heavy work boot . he grimace ... the side and sole be paint with a viscous black substance . he very tentatively sniff it ... and be grateful that it 's not what he think it might be . syke what be this stuff ? syke get some on he hand , do not know where to wipe it . jetson glance over . jetson it be a resin . syke look at he ... surprised that he know . jetson ( continue ) newcomer work near methane gass at oil refinery must paint it on they boot to protect against spark . syke how the hell do you know that ? jetson a large number of my people be hire by refinery because the methane fume be not harmful to we . my spouse 's brother be one . syke so the slag they be cut into upstairs work at a refinery just like hubley work at a refinery . ( beat ) I would say that " possible " connection between the two case just get a hell of a lot more possible . ( beat ) okay , next step -- I gotta go talk to the wife of the slag store owner blow away last night . jetson I believe I should interview the widow alone . syke why the hell --?! ( realize it 's because of he lack of " bedside manner " ) great , fine . you talk to the wife . CUT to : int . / ext . mini - mart - late afternoon the shattered window have be cover with plywood . through the open doorway we see jetson talk to the proprietor 's wife . she study a photo jetson show she , nod she head , speak rapidly in the alien language . CUT to : ext . refinery - late afternoon syke drive along beside the mammoth , steaming network of building and pipe that make up the refinery . CUT to : int . refinery - late afternoon through the loud and smoky refinery we see syke walk with the newly promote methane section manager , o'neal , in tie and shirtsleeve . the workmen around they be both human and Newcomer . o'neal ( yell over the roar ) Mr. hubley be a all right guy -- and a damn good manager . the man like he . I be really gonna have to scramble to fill he shoe . syke well , one of the man do not like he so much ... they stop and syke hand o'neal the polariod photo of raincoat alien . they have stop near the heavy refrigeration - type door lead to the " methane section " . Newcomer worker move in and out through the door during : o'neal ( look at photo ) you think this be the guy who do it ? syke we think he could 'a be involved , yeah . you know he ? o'neal to be honest , it 's hard to say . I hate to admit it but -- they all still kinda look alike to I . syke ( impatient ) who else can I ask around here ? o'neal ( look at photo again ) wait . you know who it look like ? yeah . Anderson . uh ... James Anderson . he be not in today . he take the afternoon off . syke I think you be gonna find he 's take the rest of he life off . o' Neal react . syke notice the door to the methane section . syke that where Anderson work ? o'neal yes it be . ( some alien worker come through the door ) thirty - five percent pure methane gas in there . I do not know how this fella do it . syke watch two more alien worker pass back through the door . o' Neal watch syke ' expression for sign of suspicion . CUT to : high angle shot - syke and o'neal we see syke hand o'neal a card , then move off . o' Neal watch he briefly , then cross to some step and start up this way . we pan with he as he enter a door here on the second level . CUT to : int . methane section control room - late afternoon o' Neal enter , move to a telephone , begin to dial . Beyond be a glass wall overlook the methane section . CUT to : angle - below camera track through the methane section ... past the alien worker in lab white ... past all the arcane equipment and chemical procedure ... end in a extreme close up of a small cylindrical dispenser as it fill slowly with a pale blue , viscous liquid . CUT to : int . / ext . slug -mobile - jetson' STREET - dusk we be shoot through the slug-mobile window as syke pull up in front of jetson 's modest but immaculately maintain home on the outskirt of slagtown . jetson 's wife , a attractive alien woman , stand water the lawn with a garden hose . jetson 's son , age six , ride he bicycle along the walkway . jetson , dress in he suit for work , crouch near the walkway , play with he son . syke pull the car toward the curb , roll he eye . syke Jesus . welcome back ozzie and harriet ... he honk the horn . jetson look up , then move to he wife and kiss she goodbye . move to he son , kiss he on the top of he head . syke watch all this ... and as he do , slowly he derisive expression soften . as corny as this tableau may be , there 's something very appeal about the innocence of it ... even to a unrepentant cynic like syke . jetson start to climb into the car , and we -- CUT to : int . restroom - biltmore HOTEL - night close on a alien hand as it remove one of the drug dispenser from a tuxedo pocket . as the hand bring the dispenser toward the face , we immediately recognize the exotic silver bracelet wear by kipling the night before . it make that distinctive clinking noise . we pan with the hand to reveal kipling 's face ... san bandana and sunglass now . he wear a black tuxedo . he let a small dab of the blue gel curl from the dispenser onto he tongue . he swallow ... and react as the rush from the drug hit he . the door to the men' room bang open and a middle aged politico enter , obviously drunk . kipling quickly pocket the dispenser , move past the politico to the exit ... CUT to : int . slug -mobile - night syke drive , head for the biltmore Hotel . jetson Mrs. porter be not take she husband 's death well . syke ( impatient ) do you learn anything ? jetson a week ago two man come to see she husband . after they leave , he be very frighten . she identify one of the man from a photo I show she . it be hubley . syke aw-right . what about the other guy ? jetson she do not know he . but she say she son might . syke do you talk to he ? jetson he have not be home since that day . but she tell I where to find he . syke nod . CUT to : int . MAIN ballroom - biltmore HOTEL - night the man be in tuxedo , the woman in evening gowns . only two of three newcomer face present . kipling thread he way among the table as the mayor , at the speaker 's platform , address the assembly . mayor ... we guest speaker tonight have do so much in he community and for he community in such a short period of time . and I must say , as the founder of the first Newcomer own and operate corporation in Southern California , he certainly have come quite far in the last few year . grant , not as far as he come in the year before reach Los Angeles . there be laughter from the vip . kipling slide into a seat at one of the front table . he lean over and whisper something into the ear of the person seat to he right . we see this close up , and do not see who he be whisper to yet . whoever it be , nod . mayor ( continue ) as Mayor of this city , it give I great pleasure to introduce someone who have so readily make we city he home ... and all of we who live here , he friend . lady and gentleman , William harcourt . the vip applaud as the spotlight sweep over to a front table . at first it hit kipling , then it adjust to capture william harcourt , seat to kipling 's right . harcourt be a exemplar of the successful Newcomer entrepreneur ... handsome , charming , with cool blue eye that glint with he pierce intellect . he rise , smile warmly , step past he strike alien date seat to he right , to make he way to the podium . he shield he eye somewhat from the bright spotlight . once behind the podium , he slip he note from a breast pocket as the applause ebb . harcourt thank you all for that very warm reception . ( pause , smile ) I be particularly grateful because I actually have the gall to write that in my note : " thank you all for that very warm reception " . imagine how embarrassed I would have be if it have not have be such a warm reception . the vip laugh . he 's win they over instantly with he charm and candor . CUT to : int . biltmore HOTEL - foyer - night syke , follow by a reluctant jetson , bear down on harcourt , who be exite the hotel with he date , and kipling . we see kipling recognize syke from they fight two night before ... but because kipling look so different , syke do not recognize he outright . still , during this , syke sense something , though he 's not sure what . syke William harcourt ? harcourt yes ... syke I be sergeant syke , and this be detective jetson , Los Angeles Police Department . harcourt ( nodd greeting ) sergeant ... detective . I be not aware there be any newcomer at the rank of detective yet . jetson I be the first . harcourt congratulation . this be my administrative assistant , rudyard kipling . syke ( throw away ) rudyard kipling ? no shit ? ( to harcourt ) listen , we just need a minute of you time ... jetson we would like to ask you about a business associate of you , Warren hubley . harcourt yes , I hear about poor Warren . tragic . syke you be partner with he on some slag -- uh , Newcomer real estate thing . harcourt that 's right . he and I , along with seven or eight other . listen , gentleman , I will be happy to assist you in any way I can -- unfortunately , at the moment , I be overdue at another function . suddenly there 's a voice from o.s. : mayor ( o.s. ) William ... harcourt turn as the Mayor and he wife step up . harcourt Mr. Mayor ... mayor William , I be wonder if you would not rather ride with luisa and I . two limousine try to make it across town in all this traffic , we be bound to be later than we already be . harcourt excellent idea . Ray , I wonder if you know two of you police officer ... detective jetson and syke . mayor ( shaking they hand , dismissively ) a pleasure . ( to harcourt ) we really should be go . the wind be knock from syke ' sail by the presence of the Mayor with a very impatient expression . harcourt smile . harcourt ( continue ) please feel free to call my office Monday morning for a appointment . ( to jetson ) congratulation again on you promotion , detective . remember ... you be out there set a example in we community . I will be keep a eye on you . harcourt be smile as he say this last , but he eye be penetrate ... telegraphing a subliminal warning . harcourt and entourage move off ... leave syke steaming . CUT to : ext . biltmore HOTEL - harcourt and kipling - night walk behind the other . they speak in very low voice ; harcourt continue to nod and smile to other pass vip during : kipling that cop , the human , he be the one who kill Anderson and the driver . harcourt this be become a serious breach of security . kipling he do not recognize I . harcourt it be he new partner that I be worried about . CUT to : int . police firing range - front desk - night maffet , the stocky retire cop behind the counter , hand jetson a bag of reload and some silhouette target . syke nod to jetson , motion he toward the fire line . syke go on ahead . I will be right in . ( to maffet , low ) what would you dig up for I ? maffet slide open a drawer , take out a paper bag contain a massive pistol with a enormous bore . by he manner this deal be definitely not kosher . syke heft the weapon . maffet you say you want the biggest thing I could find ... well , this be it . syke what be it ? maffet casull .454 Magnum . you be talk twice the impact energy of .44 Magnum hot load . syke ( flip open cylinder ) only hold five . maffet yeah , the shell be too big for six in a cylinder . Hell , Matt , you do not need but one . syke ( sighting ) no ... two . ext . shoot range - firing line - night jetson , look bizarre in he ear-protector , be take careful aim with he .38 as syke walk up . jetson slip the protector down . syke well , let 's see what you get , cochise . gimme six , rapid fire . jetson , a little nervous at this command performance , turn , set , and fire at the silhouette target . it 's a large , sloppy grouping . syke ( continue ) how long you be shoot ? that 's pitiful . whattya gonna do if somebody draw down on you , wave you score on the write exam at them ? syke start load the thumb-size bullet into the casull . jetson why do you do it ? syke why would I do what ? jetson agree to work with I ? you do not like I ... you do not like any of we . you have nothing but contempt for we . and yet you become a outcast from you club of detective by make I you partner ... syke my partner be dead ! because one of you bastard kill he -- then disappear into a rathole down in slagtown , where he 's home and dry , ' cause nobody see nothing , nobody say nothing ... syke grab a bullet - proof vest from nearby , slap it onto the hang target form . he hit the switch , run the target down to the end of the lane . syke ( continue ) but he do not figure on you , George . you be go to get I through that wall of silence . you be go to make they talk to I . you be go to help I find that slag son-of - a - bitch . comprendo ? and if fedorchuk and the boy in the bullpen do not like it , screw they ... and if the Captain do not like it , screw he ... and if all the slag down in slagtown do not like it ... well screw they too ! syke raise the casull , fire . ka - boom !!! the shell rocket clean through the bullet - proof vest on the target form . the recoil slam syke back , jerk he arm up . ka - boom !!! again , and another hole be drill through the vest . other shooter look over . syke set the gun down ... see he hand be bleed . jetson absorb all this , as we -- CUT to : ext . " X " bar - night a violet neon " X " fill frame , flash hypnotically . it 's a bar catering to rough - trade Newcomer clientele . several alien men , brute laborer - type , lounge around out front . they glare with antagonism as syke and jetson climb out of they car . syke ( to jetson ) okay , just stay back and do what I do . watch and learn , watch and learn ... int . " X " bar - night syke and jetson walk into the almost total blackness of this all - Newcomer place . a few near- infrared indigo lamp dot the blackness . syke I can not see dick in here . we can dimly make out booth along one wall , some table , and the bar . there be maybe twenty figure seat or stand in the darkness . the room fall silent in a wave as syke ' presence become notice . syke saunter forward , commanding the space with he unhurry movement . syke ( call into the dark silence ) which one 'a you slag be porter ? voice ( from the back of the bar ) who want to know ? syke squint into the darkness , then -- syke ( aside to jetson ) who say that ? jetson ( tilt he head to indicate ) at the end of the bar . syke nod , start in that direction . syke my name be syke . I be -- alien voice ss'ai k'ss ? the whole place roar with laughter . too late syke remember what he name sound like to they . he continue down the bar and a figure in one of the booth stick he leg out and trip syke with he size 16 work boot . syke stumble , then recover and pivot on the offender . hoot and derisive laughter . he see only shadow . offender ( merely a voice in the dark ) careful , ss'loka ' , you might hurt yourself . more laughter . syke give the darkness where the offender sit a hard stare , then turn and shoulder he way to the end of the bar . jetson follow . syke stop behind a big Newcomer in greasy work clothes . angle the punk Newcomer in the next seat be keep he head down , try to be inconspicuous . he glance over at the two cop ... he expression shifting to recognition as he spot jetson . back to scene syke speak to the Big Newcomer 's back . syke you porter ? the Big Newcomer continue to sip he mug of sour milk . do not turn . syke grab he by the shoulder and turn he around . the alien grab syke ' hand off , rise to he full height . he and syke lock eye . meanwhile . the punk Newcomer ( porter ) have start to slip away unnotice . jetson spot he , reach out with one arm , and grab he by the jacket . jetson no , Matthew . I believe this be the one you want . he pull porter back into play . now jetson see porter 's face ... and he , too , react with recognition . syke give jetson a sour look , release the Big Newcomer , and turn he malice on the punk Newcomer . syke you name would not happen to be porter , would it ? jetson uh , Matthew ... syke ( over he shoulder to jetson ) back off , George . jetson but I -- ( know this man ) . syke I will handle it . jetson back off , let he handle it . syke ( to porter ) Jesus , be the question too tough for you already ? let 's try again -- ( slowly ) be you name porter ? porter ss'kya'ta ' . syke ( to jetson ) what 's that ? jetson screw you . syke ( back to porter ) screw I ? that can not be right . porter ss'kya to ' ss'loka ' . ss'trokya ' ss'lato to ' ! jetson ( to syke , low ) you do not want to know . syke tell I . jetson you mother mate out of season . syke ( to porter ) that 's very colorful . but see -- now I have get a problem . I do not seem to be get much cooperation from you , porter . so I guess we be gonna have to take this little session down to my office , ya know ? and instantly syke whip out this flashlight , snap on the beam , and arc it into the face of the alien around he . jetson get a blast of it , too . the alien be momentarily blind . syke have porter pin to the bar , the flashlight in he face , as he start to handcuff he . but porter get a hand free and crush the head of the flashlight . darkness fall ... along with syke ' expression of satisfaction . porter hurl syke back , slamm he into a table . the crowd hoot and cheer . syke find he way to he foot . jetson Matthew , you do not have to -- ( do this ) . syke stay back ! I be okay . he charge porter , brandish the flashlight like a club . the two of they battle , then syke see he opportunity and bring he knee up viciously into the alien 's groin . porter double over in feign agony , then slowly rise again -- smile . porter do not they teach you anything about we in cop school , little ss'loka ' ? porter grab syke by the shirt front , be about to deliver a crush blow , when another arm cut into frame , lock with porter 's , block the punch . it be jetson . jetson enough . porter ( eyeing jetson ) ss'tangya t'ssorentsa ' . you be a cop . ( with some contempt ) it fit you . jetson say something to he in the alien language . porter give he a hard stare , then move toward the back exit . syke stumble over to jetson . syke you know that guy ? jetson ( nod ) from quarantine , when my people first arrive here . he and I be house together . syke how could a straight - arrow like you ever pick a roommate like he ? jetson in the camp , we be lodge four to a room . the selection process be entirely random . we do not get to stay with we friend ... or family ... and he move toward the back exit . syke watch he go . CUT to : ext . " X " bar - night porter lean against a alley wall . he speak English learn on the street . jetson you do not know what you father and this two man be argue about ? porter I tell you -- I be in the back of the store . I just hear voice , muffle like . syke one of the two man be hubley , right ? what about the other one ? do you know he ? porter yeah ... I see he around . High - roller dude name strader . joshua strader . run a club on the west side . encounter . syke yeah , I hear of it . porter that 's all I know . you want anything more , you ask somebody else . he push away from the wall , head for the door to the bar . jetson I be sorry about you father . porter throw he a look over he shoulder , then disappear through the door . syke and jetson start down the alley . jetson if I may make a suggestion ... we have different weak spot than you do . next time , a blow to the nerve plexus under the arm , here , will produce the effect I think you be look for . syke yeah , sure . I know that ... CUT to : ext . burger stand - night the wall - mount menu be in English and the alien Language . the server be teen age human and alien . syke and jetson stand at the counter await they order . kid ( serve they ) six forty -two . they both put money on the counter . the kid go to put the order together . syke look at the alien character on the menu . syke I do not think I could ever learn to read that shit . ( beat ) how long do it take you to learn English ? jetson Three month . ( off syke ' look ) we learn quickly . we adapt . it be we strength ... what we be breed for , to adapt to hostile environment . the serve kid put they bag on the counter . jetson ( continue ) thank you . they take the bag and walk off , digging the food out of the bag as they talk : syke my neighbor 's kid have a Newcomer girl in he class . she 's six year old and in seventh grade already ... they climb into the car . int . slug -mobile - night jetson do not respond ... some thing be better leave unaddress . meanwhile , syke have unwrapped he food and recoil in disgust . syke oh , God . I think I get yours here ... he hold up two strip of raw meat with patch of animal fur still on they . jetson meanwhile be grimace at the drip cheeseburger he 's just unwrapped . they quickly trade . syke ( continue ) which one be that ? Raw what ? jetson ( eat a strip ) this be mole . it 's good . syke I will bet . ( wince , watch he chew ) would it really put you out if they toss that on the grill for a minute or two ? jetson we body do not assimilate the nutrient if the food have be cook . jetson look over at he , smile . syke oh , that 's real attractive . you get fur in you tooth , George . come on , man , we be gonna be talk to people ... jeez . syke look at he burger , he appetite go , shove it back into the sack and toss it into the back seat . int . / ext . slug -mobile - night as syke pull onto the street . syke so what be that other word for human ... slow ka ? jetson ss'loka ' . it mean literally " small but intelligent creature " . ( syke look over , do not know if he like this ) it lose much in the translation . syke and what be that one about my mother ? that be a good one . jetson ss'trokya ss'lato ' to ' . syke yeah , that 's it . say it slow . jetson pronounce the word and syke follow along haltingly . after several try , he can say it passably well . int . encounters - night a upscale , mostly yuppie-human dance club . the antithesis of the " X " bar . a human hostess in a slit dress have just finish seating syke and jetson at a table . she move off . the two cop look up at the stage . reverse angle revealing the exotic alien dancer name cassandra . she move with a feline blend of strength and grace . framing she face be a silvery nylon wig that she toss like a mane as she undulate to the music . syke watch with fascination . the music end and cassandra step down from the stage , to be replace by a human dancer as the next song crank up . syke and jetson quickly intercept she as she head backstage . jetson you be cassandra ? cassandra that 's right . jetson we be with the Police Department . this be sergeant syke , and I be -- cassandra ( laugh ) ss'ai k'ss ? perfect . syke we be look for you boss -- strader . she eye the two of they warily , then move backstage , assume they will follow . int . backstage - night she move along the narrow corridor . cassandra he 's not here . why ask I ? jetson the young woman at the front say you might know where he be . cassandra she do , do she ? well , she be wrong . Excuse I , I have to change . syke no problem . she move through a door . syke follow closely so do jetson . int . encounters - dressing room - night cassandra grab some clothes and go into a stall . syke look , we be not here do a interview for the school paper . this be a homicide investigation ... and if you do not stop jerkin ' we around , I be ready to start playin ' hardball . jetson have wait politely half - in half - out of the room . syke rapidly motion to he to " go look around " . jetson mime back , " huh ? " cassandra ( slip out of she dance costume ) oooh. hardball . that sound interesting . be you go to strike I ? you could tie I up and then do whatever you want with I ... I have get my own rope . syke ( still miming to jetson ) do that cost extra or you throw they in ? cassandra you have get I all wrong . I do not charge money for something that I myself find pleasurable ... finally jetson get what syke be try to tell he . he say in the uncertain , stagy voice of a bad liar : jetson I be go out to the car . I will meet you there . syke roll he eye as jetson exit into the corridor . cassandra emerge from the stall , wear a long , stylish , low - cut dress . cassandra look , I do not know where Mr. strader might be . he come and he go . syke ( start to feel a little uncomfortable ) the girl out front mention strader 's assistant , somebody name Watson . maybe he know . cassandra ( tensing slightly ) Todd ? Todd do not know either . she be very close to syke now . she finger the lapel of he jacket . cassandra ( continue ) I know ... why do not you hang around for a while , let I entertain you ? it 's Matt , right ? now tell I the truth , have you ever ... make it ... with one of we ? syke not unless I get real drunk and nobody tell I about it later . cassandra a virgin . I find that very arouse ... int . second floor corridor - night music drift up from downstairs . jetson move along the corridor , scoping thing out . he try a door . lock . tries another one . open . he ease it wider , then enter the darken office . int . office - second floor - night jetson move into the office . look around . make he way to the cluttere desk top . pushes thing around ... all the usual stuff . he start to turn away , then he eye catch something stick out from behind a row of ledger book . he reach for it . a small dispenser -- of the kind we see be fill at the refinery . jetson study it , he suspicion grow . open it , he find only the barest trace of a viscous substance . he smell it ... not enough to tell for certain what it be . but enough that he be very concerned about what it could be . int . cassandra's dressing room - night cassandra be practically melting herself into syke now . she take he hand and guide he fingertip over she facial ridge . she shudder with pleasure . syke begin to perspire . syke there 's lot of thing I have not do , but he be not high on the list . do not take it personally . cassandra I think you be just a little scared now , about what you might find once the light go out . a little scared ... and a lot curious . maybe more than you want to admit . but do not that turn you on , that curiosity and fear , swirl together ? ( coo ) think of it as broaden you horizon . syke I like my horizon narrow . cassandra ( press herself into he ) you voice be say no , but you body be say yes . he quickly disengage from she . syke my voice , body , and everything else be say I will be back in two hour for strader , and he better damn well be here . he shove a business card at she , then retreat through the door . int . corridor - night syke close the door and let out he breath . int . cassandra's dressing room - night cassandra 's expression instantly turn to worry and she quickly cross to a phone and punch the intercom button . int . office - second floor - night jetson , look through a desk drawer , hear the intercom buzz in the next room . through the wall -- watson ( o.s. ) ( tentatively ) yes ...? cassandra ( o.s. ) ( over the intercom , breathless ) Todd , it 's I . the police be just here ... look for strader . and ask about you . jetson move toward the door to the adjoin office , draw he gun . the floor squeak beneath he foot . he look down , then continue toward the door . int . office - second floor - night jetson ease open the door . it 's the manager 's private office . jetson see the phone receiver rest on the desk , the desk lamp on , a light cigarette in a ashtray -- but no one behind the desk . jetson ease through the door and -- -- a chair crash down on he from behind the door ! jetson go down , he gun skitter out of he hand . int . private office - night jetson and he assailant battle in the well - appoint office . int . office - second floor corridor - night syke hear the fight through the private office door . he throw the door open . int . private office - night syke stand in the doorway , the casull straight - armed at jetson 's assailant . syke freeze ! now ! the assailant do . he look at syke , scared , breathe hard . he 's a Newcomer in a snappy armani suit . this be todd watson . jetson , on the floor , start to rise . suddenly somebody fly at syke from the side , knock he sideways down the corridor . it 's cassandra . Watson seize the moment and shove the off- balance jetson into some furniture and dive for the door . int . second floor corridor - night Watson run down the corridor , ducking onto a fire escape . meanwhile syke wrestle with cassandra . she 's as strong as he be , but he have the edge in experience . jetson , dishevel , appear in the private office doorway , ready to chase Watson , but not know which way he go . syke ( struggle with cassandra ) Fire escape ! end of the hall ! jetson nod , take off down the corridor . syke mange to get one handcuff on cassandra 's wrist , the other cuff around a pipe stick out of the wall . she screech at he in the alien language as he collect the casull and charge down the corridor . ext . FIRE escape - outside encounters - night jetson pound down the fire escape . below he , he see Watson reach the ground and take off run for the parking area . jetson reach the ground and give chase . ext . encounters parking lot - night Watson zig - zag through the park car , jetson cut down other row try to make up the distance between they . ext . FIRE escape - outside encounters - night syke bang down the fire escape , leaping the last fifteen foot to the ground . ext . encounters parking lot - night Watson reach he Alfa Romeo , yank open the door , fire it up . jetson slide up , ten foot behind the car , pull he gun , aim . the white reverse-lights flash on . jetson stand there , gun aim -- but he hesitates to shoot . in that split second hesitation , Watson floor it ... jetson jump to avoid be hit . int . alfa romeo - night Watson throw the car into drive , look up , and see syke stand right in front of the car . he hit the gas . syke have no choice then to leap onto the hood of the car . Watson , with syke ' face on the other side of the glass , panic and -- ext . encounters parking lot - night -- plow the Alfa into some park car . syke be up in a flash -- yank Watson out of the car . Watson rear back to swing at syke , when syke swing he arm around in two wide arc , he fist landing two direct hit in the nerve center under Watson 's arm . Watson fold over with a " ooowwph " sound and drop to he knee . syke ( breathe hard ) I will be damned . it work . ( see jetson run up ) how would you like that , huh ? whammo ! both barrel . dropped he like a bag of cement . jetson pick up Watson 's fall wallet . he look at the i.d. syke who be he ? jetson Todd Watson . the assistant manager . Watson be still double over , just try to draw one agonize breath . watson I do not believe this . look at my suit . look at what you make I do to my car . syke ( laugh ) you girlfriend put up a better fight than you do , pal . jetson we be look for you employer , joshua strader . watson he 's out of town . jetson why do you run ? watson because you two be chase I . syke we be chase you because you run , you dumb son-of - a-bitch . jetson when will strader return ? watson who know . he 's the boss -- he do not have to check in with I . syke ( wearily ) Watson ... this be my partner here 's first coupla day , and he want to make a good impression . I , though , the way I feel -- this could be my last day , know what I mean ? and I be ready to rain on you like a cow pissin ' on a flat rock . watson look -- Mr. strader have not be around for a coupla day . he do not tell I where he be go or when he would be back . I swear it . syke ( to jetson ) what do you think ? jetson I believe he be probably lie . syke through he ass . ( to Watson ) next time you see he , tell he to call I ... unless you want we to keep come back on you like a bad case of herpes . syke shove a business card in Watson 's breast pocket . they walk away and Watson slump against he car . angle - moving with syke and jetson as they walk wearily to the slug-mobile . syke George , you can handle the woman from now on , you mind ? CUT to : ext . encounters parking lot - night Watson be alone , surveying the damage to he Alfa , when he hear footstep . he turn with a " what now ? " expression and -- a shotgun butt be slam into he forehead . he go down . kipling stand over he , flanke by four human thug . one of this be quint , senior human in harcourt 's employ . quint ( to other thug ) okay , scrape he up . CUT to : ext . zuma beach approach _ night harcourt 's private limo glide down the narrow access road , pass a lookout car attend by two alien thug . the limo move down to the beach , parking near a n.d. van . harcourt exit the limo , walk onto the sand to the back of the van . here he find kipling and quint and the three human thug . they have Watson chain to the van 's rear bumper , face the sea , and have be work he over with a tire iron . he 's bruise and bloody , but still conscious . harcourt any progress ? quint my arm 's gettin ' tired and so far , zip . kipling he be ss'verdlatya ss'alo to strader . quint what 's that mean ? kipling duty-bonde . his allegiance to strader be above pain or life . quint you tellin ' I this guy would die before he would screw he boss and work for we ? nobody 's that dumb . kipling it be something you could not comprehend , quint . harcourt approach Watson , kneel beside he , careful to keep the knee of he designer pants out of the sand . harcourt I understand you have be resisting my offer Mr. Watson . you sense of duty to Mr. strader be noble , but -- no longer a issue , I be afraid ... harcourt signal and the two thug drag a alien body from the back if the van : a middle - age alien , strader , shot twice through the front of he silk suit . Watson 's eye widen in fear . harcourt ( continue ) I will not make this offer again . I want you to work for I , to manage the nightclub as strader 's successor . if you do , you will know a wealth and comfort we people never dare imagine ... Watson stare at harcourt , scared but defiant . watson sss 'k 'a to ' ! harcourt study Watson a moment , perhaps even admire he resolve . then -- harcourt it be such a pity to die for a outmode value . ( rise ) Mr. quint , I believe it 's time for we friend 's swim lesson . Watson freak out , howling and lash against the chain . harcourt ( to Watson ) it 's important to learn new skill . essential to you growth as a person . quint and the thug free Watson from the bumper . he buck and lunge as they drag he toward the surf . quint address one of the thug , a new guy . quint you never see this before , have you , billy ? oh , man , you be not gonna believe it ... seawater be like battery acid to this guy ... I do not know what it be , some kind chemical reaction . whatta you think it be , Watson ? whoa , hold he . ( a wave break outside , the foam roll in ) what I love about the surf be you can never tell how far up it 's go to come until it ... whoops , get a little wet there . the wave just sloshes over Watson 's lower leg . he scream . flail , one of he hand dip below the surface of the water . he howl and yank out he hand . we see the alien hand drip seawater ... then a thousand droplet of purple alien blood begin to bead all over the hand . the thug get Watson swinging . quint last call , sucker . one ... two ... three ! Watson be flung into the surf . angle harcourt and kipling have walk down almost to the waterline . we hear Watson 's gurgle and scream ... then nothing . kipling be very nervous this close to the water . harcourt seem unperturb . kipling when we pick he up , he be talk to that two cop -- the two who come to question you about hubley . harcourt this be get out of hand . I want you to deal with it . immediately . a wave rush up the sand . kipling quickly step back . harcourt stand firm , stare it down , and the foam stop six inch from he dress shoe . harcourt ( continue ) we must learn to embrace the thing we fear ... and from that grow strong . a moment , then he turn and start back toward the limo . he motion to strader 's body and the surf . the thug grab the body and heave it into the wave . CUT to : int . syke ' apartment - night jetson be talk rapidly in the alien language on the kitchen wall phone . syke , foreground , take the bottle of vodka from the refrigerator , throw some ice in a glass , pour himself a shot . as jetson be talk , he spot the carton of milk that syke inadvertently leave out of the refrigerator two night ago . he sniff it ... he eyebrow do a involuntary movement . he finish with he wife and hang up . he watch syke take a long pull on the vodka . jetson ( hold up milk carton ) would you mind ? syke shrug , toss he a glass . jetson pour the semi - lumpy milk and take a big swallow . syke grimace . then -- syke ( indicate phone ) so , she keep you on a pretty short leash , do she ? jetson my wife ? she worry about I . syke lean against the counter , get comfortable , he voice more weary then bitter . syke yeah ... I know the routine . jetson you be marry ? syke was. divorce . jetson we mate for life . divorce ... be a strange concept to we . syke it 's like have a eleventh finger remove . it hurt like hell , but you never really need the damn thing in the first place . jetson nod -- even though he do not really understand this . they drink ... jetson gaze around . jetson you home be quite disorder . I think perhaps you have be burglarize when I walk in . syke ( growl ) I appreciate you honesty , George . he smack he glass against jetson' . they drink . int . syke ' apartment - later syke have he wallet out ... show jetson a dog -ear photo . syke ignore the bitch on the leave , that 's edie . I call she edi Amin ... this be Kristin , my daughter . it 's kinda a old picture ... she 's twenty now . get marry , in fact ... on Sunday . jetson sit across the table from syke , look at the proffer photo . they be both a little drunk now . jetson human child can be very beautiful . ( then ) get marry ? congratulation . you will be take Sunday off , then ... syke ( uneasy ) maybe not ... I do not know . I be not sure I be gonna go . ( mumble ) she do not need she burn - out of a father there ... jetson look at he . see something he never think possible in syke . vulnerability . try to break the melancholy mood , jetson reach for he wallet . jetson ( upbeat ) I must show you ... ( flip open wallet , show four crisp photo of he wife ) and this be Richard . my son . he 's four year old . we name he after the former President , Richard Nixon . syke look at all the photo sprawle out on the table ... and have to laugh . he look up at jetson 's sincere face . he may be start to like this guy . syke you open to a piece of advice ? tell people you name he after Richard burton , the actor . just take my word for it . and he clack he glass against jetson 's sit on the table , and -- int . syke ' apartment - later they be quite a bit drunker . jetson have doffed he jacket and tie , lean in , listen intently to syke . syke ... and so , and so the doctor say , " if this be the thermometer , then where would I leave the pen ? " ( laugh raucously , jetson do not react ) you be not ... you do not think that 's funny ? George , work with I , I always get a laugh with that one . look , if the doctor 's get the thermometer in he hand , then where 's he pen gotta be ? jetson ( straight - face ) in the other man 's rectum . syke ( laugh ) stick out of he ass ... yeah ! see , that 's what make it a joke . there 's like a surprise , and you mind fill in the funny picture . here 's this guy with a pen stick in he ass and he think it 's a thermometer . ( jetson just blink ) nada , huh ? jetson shrug apologetically . syke pour they each another round . syke ( continue ) you health ... jetson ta ss'trakyona ' ... they clack glass , and -- int . syke ' apartment - later still the party have move into the live room floor , around the coffee table . it 's a quieter moment . jetson there be so much we two people do not understand about each other . syke no shit , holme . you be only from another goddamn planet , for chrissake . jetson you human be very curious to we . you invite we to live among you , in a atmosphere of equality we have never know before . you lay before we a beautiful green world , full of freedom and opportunity ... you give we ownership of we life for the first time ... and you ask no more of we than you do of yourselves : to live by the rule ... rule that be not make to keep one people subordinate to another , but rule that exist to preserve equality . you aspire to very high ideal here . syke be watch jetson , mesmerize . the guy 's never say this much at one time before . if he be not drunk , jetson would never let himself open up to a human like this . jetson ( continue ) I hope you can understand how special you world be ... how unique a people you human be . so it we all the more painful and confusing to we that so few of you seem capable of live up the the ideal you set for yourselves . syke do not count on I , George . I never have any ideal . jetson smile a little . he know that 's bullshit . jetson we do not understand the hatred , the contempt . but we must bear it ... we must not react in anger ... because we situation here be still fragile . the separationist would see we return to the quarantine camp . the fundamentalist say we have no more human rights than dog or cat . but the prejudice we face here be so insignificant compare to the pain that we have know before . and that be why we be so grateful . syke study he a long time through heavy - lidd eye . finally -- syke yeah , well ... except I do hear you eat you dead . jetson look at he a long beat , then -- jetson ( deadpan ) only on Fridays . syke stare at he for about five second and then explode with laughter . syke you son-of - a-bitch . you be okay . jetson stand unsteadily , and announce : jetson I be go home . syke yeah , go home . get some sleep . you do sleep , do not you ? jetson , go out the front door , just wave over he shoulder without turn around . he 's go . syke what a wildman ... syke , stand there wobble , then he collapse backward onto the sofa , unconscious . and we match dissolve to -- int . syke ' apartment - dawn the first hue of dawn stream through the window . syke remain pass out on the sofa where we leave he . ext . STREET - front of syke ' build - dawn the slug-mobile park at the curb . silence , then the rumble of a heavy truck ... and a tow truck turn onto this street at the corner . the tow truck glide to the curb in front of the slug - mobile . the driver stay inside as he passenger alight carry a tool kit and a paper bag . the human be quint . quint use a slim -jim to open the slug-mobile door , then slide behind the wheel . int . slug -mobile - dawn quint slide the content from the paper bag . it be a packet of C - 4 plastic explosive , with a primer cap , and two lead wire with they end bare . quint bend down , start to work under the dash . as he head disappear from frame , suddenly another head appear above the seat ... George jetson sit up groggily in the back seat . a blanket slip off he head and shoulder . he sit there blink , rub he eye , feel lousy . under the dash , quint start to whistle as he work . mistake . jetson , with a puzzle expression , lean forward and see this guy in the front seat . before he can jump -start he brain , quint sit up , see he , and hammer he in the face with he fist . jetson be knock back , hold he face . that be the last thing he need . ext . STREET - front of syke ' build - dawn meanwhile quint be shouting and bail out of the car . he run and leap into the already move tow truck . it be slide around the corner out of sight just as jetson stumble out of the car . he whip out he gun from the unfamiliar shoulder rig and it fly out of he hand . jetson sag against the side of the car , mumble a alien phrase , clearly the equivalent of " fuck it ... " . CUT to : int . syke ' apartment - day syke be in the fetal position on the couch where we leave he . someone be pounding on the door . he regains consciousness reluctantly . syke this better be good news or money . he shamble to the door and get it open , admit jetson . jetson hold the C - 4 charge in a handkerchief with one hand and give it to syke . jetson hold this . ( lurching to the sink ) I feel very terrible . syke register what he 's hold . he move to jetson , who be run he head under the tap . syke where would you get this ?!! jetson a man , a human , be wiring it to you car . I do not get a good look at he . ( then , register that it 's day ; panicked ) I must call my wife ... CUT to : int . precinct first floor hallway - day jetson be start to take on syke ' look , he clothing rumple and a day old . syke have shower and change so he 's not suffer as much by comparison . they approach syke ' desk . jetson she 's go to divorce I . syke George , she 's not gonna divorce you . you mate for life , remember ? jetson she 's very progressive . I be certain she 's consider it . angle - a uniformed secretary distribute phone slip nearby notice syke . secretary you guy be look for somebody name strader , right ? syke yeah . secretary fedorchuk and alterez just phone in . they find he . ( syke and jetson react ) or at least what 's leave of he , wash up on the beach at Zuma . syke and jetson react again . secretary ( continue ; hand over the message slip ) they be still there if you wanna catch they . she move off . syke well , let 's roll , George . jetson ( with a stricken expression ) to the ... to the beach ? syke come on , let 's go , dude . surf 's up ! CUT to : ext . pacific coast highway - zuma beach - dusk crane shot , nice and wide , show the slug-mobile turn off p.c.h. onto a gravel road which curve down the the beach . the follow be v.o. as the car approach the water . jetson ( v.o. ) stop the car . syke ( v.o. ) why ? jetson ( v.o. ) please , I must get out here . syke ( v.o. ) come on , you will not have to get near the water . jetson ( v.o. ) stop the car ! we see the car pull to a stop in a cloud of dust . int . slug -mobile - dusk syke all right , okay . keep you pantyhose on . jeez , when in doubt , freak out , for chrissake . syke see that he partner be cover with a sudden sheen of sweat , he hand shaking . syke soften . syke ( continue ) it 's all right , George . it 's cool . just wait here , all right ? I will be back in a coupla minute . jetson thank you . he climb out and syke drive down to the beach ... toward a cluster of vehicle : a sheriff 's black - and -white , a coroner 's wagon , and fedorchuk 's unmark sedan . ext . beach - dusk a quick glimpse of a pile of dark yuck in the shape of a person , black and skeletal beneath the remain of a silk suit . wound around the corpse be streamer of kelp and other high tide detritus . angle on syke , fedorchuk , and alterez look down at the body . a coroner' technician be do a closer inspection . fedorchuk found he wallet in he jacket pocket . joshua strader , big as life . coroner' tech Jesus , what a mess . it 's gonna be a bear to make a positive determination , but it look to I like he be shot before be toss in the drink . at least twice -- ( indicate where heart would have be on the body ) -- here , and here . syke absorb this . he rise along with fedorchuk and alterez . syke how're you two do on tuggle 's killer ? alterez the store owner 's son be in a street gang , so now we be think maybe it 's gang related . syke yeah , that 's real good . you guy follow up on that for a coupla month . fedorchuk look up at jetson stand on the bluff above . fedorchuk look at you dildo partner . he 's too scared to even come down to the sand . ( call up to jetson , even though he 's too far away to hear ) you be not gonna get wet stand here , moron ! syke I would like to see you next to a sea of hydrochloric acid , fedorchuk ... see how much surfin ' you would do . alterez shoot a polaroid of the body . syke grab it as it emerge from the camera and walk back toward the car . fedorchuk flip he the bird . as syke round the car , he see that someone have draw on the door in yellow liquid chalk marker a big star with " E.T. p.d. " print inside it . syke look around . fedorchuk and the other stand together chuckle , conspicuously not look in he direction . syke cute . ext . beach road - dusk syke have stop to pick jetson up . he 's wiping the " E.T. p.d. " from the door as jetson approach from the edge of the bluff . fedorchuk pull up alongside in he n.d. sedan . he call off to jetson , who be still twenty yard away . fedorchuk well , if it be not detective jetson . forget you hip wader , big guy ? syke Lay off , asshole . fedorchuk I may be a asshole , but at least I be a real detective , not some outer shit space thing . syke , he face neutral , which we should by now know to be highly dangerous , saunter to fedorchuk 's car and lean against it . syke yeah ? you be a real honest - to - god detective ...? syke grab the back of fedorchuk 's head and slam it into the steering wheel , bam -honk ! , and in do so , have hurt he hand again ( the hand he hit jetson with ) . he shake that hand while lung in and grab fedorchuk 's car key with the other . syke ( continue ) then detect this ! fedorchuk , hold he bloody nose , watch as he car key sail out in a arc out over the bluff . jetson , just climb into the slug-mobile , witness the last of this scene without know how it begin . int . slug -mobile - dusk syke get in , slam the door . his hand hurt as he grab the wheel . he hold the wheel gingerly as he slam the car into gear and hurl gravel up the road toward p.c.h. jetson look over , curious . jetson what be that about ? syke ( embarrassed that he defend jetson ) nothing . on jetson 's confuse expression , we -- CUT to : ext . burger stand - night a different burger stand . syke and jetson sit across from each other at one of the outdoor table ... syke with he greasy burger , jetson with he mole strip . this time they have no trouble eat in front of each other as they talk . syke ... so we have get three guy dead . all newcomer , all kill the same way -- execution style . jetson Warren hubley be in middle management at a refinery ... joshua strader operate a successful bar and nightclub ... syke ... and porter run a piece of shit mom-and - pop mini-mart . ( beat ) so what the hell 's the connection ? CUT to : int . pathology lab office - night syke and jetson enter the cluttere lab office . Winter be here eat take - out chicken at he cluttere desk . syke you guy finish the postmortem on strader yet ? winter ( he mouth full ) you mean the blob ? they be finish up now . jetson be bentner here ? I must speak with he . winter he go home early -- he kid be sick . jetson frown . winter ( continue ) yeah , but he leave something for you . he wipe he greasy finger on a napkin , then find a envelope on the desk and hand it to jetson . jetson tear open the seal envelope . the message inside be write in the alien language . winter ( continue ) do this have something to do with the test he run that he would not tell I about ? close on - jetson his expression grow stricken as he read the message . back to scene syke ( get very curious and suspicious now ) what kind of test ? winter look for some foreign compound in the blood of that alien you drop the other day . syke do he find anything ? Winter shrug , indicate the message jetson read , as if to say , " maybe it say in there " . syke ( to jetson ) well ? jetson refold the paper and put it in he pocket . he be clearly disturb by what he have read . he look at syke a moment , then quickly break eye contact . jetson it be nothing . jetson quickly move off . syke hurry off after he . int . hallway - night syke hurry to catch up with the fast walk jetson . they eventually reach the elevator and jetson jab the button during : syke what 's this nothing shit ? it be not nothing yesterday when you ask bentner to run that test and he look like he be about to shit peach pit , and it 's not nothing now . do not lie to I , George , you be bad at it . jetson ( distant , close ) you must leave I alone on this . the elevator arrive , he step in . syke follow . int . elevator - night they enter the empty elevator . jetson press the button to descend . syke no , see , I do not leave you alone ... I be you partner . I do not work that way ... tug do not work that way . jetson remain steadfast . syke , about to explode , slam he palm against the red emergency stop button and the elevator lurch to a halt between floor . syke ( continue ) no secret , goddammit ! you do not hold back from I . whatever be go on , you be gonna tell I now ! jetson ( agonizing ) no . I can not involve you . this be not you concern . syke the hell it be not , when somebody wire up enough C - 4 explosive to my car to turn I into pink mist ! ( beat ) that slag be on something , and not sour milk , either ? be I right ? ( he have back jetson to the wall by sheer force of will ) tell I ! what be it ? jetson ( finally ) ... it be call ss 'jabroka ' . to we it be a potent narcotic . syke how potent ? jetson like you cocaine , I suppose . the " high " last several hour . we would receive small amount of it ... as a reward for we labor . syke we ? you have take it ? jetson we all do . syke where do he get it ? be there any of it on the ship ? jetson no ... I be sure not . that be why I be so concerned ... someone must now be produce it here . ( emphatically ) but none of my people know how to make it . the process be carefully guard . syke ( as the enormity sink in ) Jesus , this be major . ( then ) why do not you tell I sooner ? why would you hold out on I ? jetson you people do not know about this part of out past . and they can not know -- it would threaten we entire existence here . the voltage run out of syke . he seem to understand jetson 's dilemma . syke George ... look I in the eye ... George , you do not ever lie to I again . jetson I must trust you , Matthew . I can not stop this without you . syke stare at jetson ... absorb the enormity of the earth -shatter secret this alien have ask he to keep . CUT to : ext . county morgue - night syke and jetson move quickly to the slug-mobile . syke reach for the driver 's door handle with he punch hand . he wince in pain ... the son-of - a- bitch still hurt . he look across at jetson open the passenger door . syke George ? how about you drive ... jetson look over at he ... gently reacting to this vote of confidence . they walk quickly around to the opposite door , climb in . int . corridor - bureau of newcomer affayr - night syke and jetson move down this government - building corridor . syke there 's gotta be some other connection . they enter a door mark bureau of newcomer affayr . int . bureau of newcomer affayr - night high shot show the maze of partition cubicle fill this huge room . it 's all but desert . syke and jetson be off to one side with a heavyset woman ( human ) computer operator , who they be shanghaie into help they after hour . closer - at computer operator' desk she sit at she computer terminal . syke and jetson stand behind she as she type in command and information . she type : hubley , Warren . the computer screen flash past various information , then settles on a screen full of information of hubley , warren . operator here 's hubley . ( scan it ) Left quarantine on November thirtieth , relocate first to Riverside , then move to Los Angeles early in February the follow year . field of expertise : chemical manufacturing . look like he pass up several other better pay job wait for that one at the refinery . syke try joshua strader , will ya , darlin' ? operator for you , anything . the Operator punch up strader , joshua . the screen fill with information . operator ( continue , read from screen ) released on November twenty -ninth . come immediately to l.a . ten week after arrive he take over the abandon club which be now encounter . jetson ( to Operator ) now the store owner , please . cecil porter . she type it in . operator released December one . he and he wife move first to modesto , then coalinga , California -- wherever that be -- settle in L.A. in April . field of expertise : organic chemical engineering . he and he wife have one child , a son . syke yeah -- we meet he . wonderful boy ... close personal friend of George 's here . operator I be sorry , Matt . nothing here seem to be match up ... but syke be not listen . he 's start off ... a idea form . he stand there a moment , consider it , he face look like he 's chew something sour . it 's so off - the- wall it take a moment for he to assimilate it . then -- syke Holy shit ... ( to jetson ) look what we be stare at : three newcomer with nothing in common , right ? what if it 's just one other guy who kill this three ? ( jetson look at he blankly ) Three and one make four . four newcomer ... of totally different background ... ( jetson still do not get it ) you and the store owner 's son -- that punker ! suddenly the realization hit jetson , too . he look at syke . jetson ... quarantine . syke spin to the Operator , excited . syke can you dig up they quarantine record in this thing ? operator sure . just a minute . she move up a screen to the top of porter 's information . operator ( to herself ) porter be in Lodge seven seven two . she rapidly type in additional information . the screen shift as she jump file . finally she get a line that read : enter lodge number : she type : 7- 7 - 2 . syke and jetson lean in as the screen go blank ... then information flash past as the computer search ... then , finally : occupant , quarantine Lodge 772 : hubley , warren ......... strader , joshua ......... syke and jetson react -- they hunch be come true . on the computer screen : ......... porter , cecil ......... syke and jetson , they face bath in the green kick of the screen , stare without blink , wait for that forth name . on the computer screen : ......... harcourt , william . close on - syke and jetson reacting to the name . CUT to : ext . encounters - night close on a limousine door as it open and a tall figure rise from the back seat . we tilt up to reveal William harcourt . we move with he as he walk to the n.d. van ( from the beach scene ) park in front of the limousine . kipling be just slide out of the passenger side of the cab . quint exit the driver door . kipling slide open the van 's side panel , reach in for -- -- a large black suitcase . he slide it out . harcourt nod . he and kipling start into the club , follow by quint . int . encounters - night the club be desert tonight as harcourt and entourage move toward the back . ext . second floor corridor - night harcourt and the other move up the stair to the second floor . cassandra , wear a slinky dress , be at the top of the stair wait for they . she 's very uncomfortable deal with harcourt . kipling and quint continue on toward the office door . harcourt pause with cassandra . he touch she neckline of she dress , let he finger linger against she flesh . harcourt quite lovely ... ( best ) what be you name again ? cassandra ( flinching involuntarily at he touch ) cassandra . harcourt ( a chill smile ) I will have to remember that ... he continue down toward the office door . cassandra watch he go . CUT to : int . slug -mobile - moving - night jetson they have month in quarantine to develop the plan . porter , with he chemistry background , must have somehow come up with the formula for the drug . hubley manufacture it -- at the refinery . strader , through the nightclub , establish a distribution network . and harcourt -- syke harcourt be the brain who bring it all together . ext . refinery - establishing shot - night ext . refinery - night the slug-mobile skid to a stop at the load dock entrance . syke and jetson climb out . they hop up onto the load platform and move purposefully into the well - light interior through the open door . int . refinery - night it be Saturday night , the plant be barely operational -- only a few worker around . syke and jetson move purposefully toward the back . syke okay , George -- we gotta play this real smart . jetson if the drug be here , we must destroy it . syke no , George -- you be miss the point . the drug be evidence . we need to have the evidence , ya know ? jetson do not reply -- he 's focus beyond what syke be say . syke spot o'neal up ahead by the refrigeration door to the methane section . syke ( continue ) that 's the guy ... o'neal recognize syke and do not wait around for the big Newcomer bear down on he . he dodge quickly through the refrigeration door and swing it close . jetson 's hand hit the door a instant later , before it be latch , and he push it open despite o'neal 's body weight against the other side . int . methane room - night jetson grab o'neal by the collar and drag he deeper into the desert room . o'neal hey , what be you , crazy ?! you can not come in here like this ! hey ! syke reach the doorway , stop and stare . syke so much for play it smart ... o'neal 's foot be barely touch the ground as jetson move along the row of drug-manufacturing equipment . finally he reach a stainless steel tub ... he run a long finger along the inside , come up with some residue of the drug . it glisten blue on he finger . it hold he mesmerize for several moment ... he expression that of a former junkie behold the stuff he use to covet so . syke ( tentatively step closer ) be that it ...? a beat , than jetson explode -- he sweep a rack of equipment off the worktable , savagely wipe the drug from he hand onto o'neal 's shirt - front as he slam and pin the bug-ey o'neal to the wall . syke uh , George ... jetson ( in o'neal 's face ) where be the drug ? where have they take it ? o'neal ( choke ) what drug ? this be a oil refinery , you ... jetson ( push harder ) where ?! o'neal ( unable to breathe ) you ... can not do ... this ! syke George , uh ... you be gonna break he little chest bone ... jetson stay out of this , Matthew . ( to o'neal ) tell I where the drug have be take or I will crush you lung against this wall . o' Neal be experience real fear now . syke have decide to back jetson up , for better or worse . he take the " good cop " role . syke do not piss he off , o'neal . when he get like this , I can not control he . I have see this before . he get like this once -- I see he jerk a guy 's spine out and show it to he . nothing I could do . I hadda go throw up . o'neal ( at length , with great effort ) ... they take the stuff out , all of it -- this afternoon . jetson how much ? o'neal about fifty kilo ... of concentrate ... and some street grade ... in tube . jetson react to this ... then increase the pressure . o' Neal be really in bad trouble now . even syke take a half - step forward -- think jetson might actually crush this man . jetson where have they take it ? o'neal encount ... encounter Club . finally , jetson ease off . o'neal slump to the floor , gasp for air . CUT to : ext . refinery - night this time jetson be the Juggernaut ... he expression set and hard ... as he stride to the car . syke practically have to run to keep up . syke George , c'mon -- lighten up . it 's a beauty of a case . do not sweat it -- we get he by the short hair . he be not gonna make any more of the shit . jetson the fifty kilo , Matthew . I have to find it . I can not let it get out on the street . syke why ? what 's the big goddamn deal ? jetson have reach the driver 's door of the slug-mobile , yank it open . syke ( continue ; as jetson start the car you destroy that drug , you destroy the case . do not blow the whole thing now by not follow procedure . jetson ( through the open driver 's window ) fuck procedure . and to syke ' shock , he throw the car in gear and peel out . syke hey !! jetson accelerate toward the security gate . the guard in the shack start yell and run out as the slug-mobile bashes through the barricade bar . syke GEORGE ! goddammit !! syke stand there like a moron -- with no partner , no car . a pickup truck carry a Worker just get off he shift start amble past . syke run in front of it , wave he badge . the pickup skid to a stop . syke Police . get out . I need this thing . out , now ! the poor guy bail out and syke jump in , jam it into gear . the truck have see better day ... it do not have much power to give as syke floor it toward the exit . CUT to : int . slug -mobile - night as jetson race along the freeway , whipping past other traffic . he take a hand off the wheel , reach over and pop open the glovebox . he shove some map and garbage aside , reach deeper inside for something -- we do not see what . CUT to : int . encounters - night cassandra walk a trio of well - dress drug dealer ( two alien , one human ) through the desert club . int . second floor corridor - night she lead they to the office door , open it , then let they enter ahead of she . a couple of they smile at she lasciviously as they brush past . she be about to enter herself when a alien hand flash in behind she , cover she mouth , pull she backward away from the door . it be jetson . he have be hide behind some crate stack here in the corridor . he pin cassandra powerfully to the wall , keep one hand over she mouth . she struggle until she see who it be . jetson I be here to take harcourt . where be he ? she hesitates , then decide to cooperate , indicate with a nod toward the office door . cassandra in there . jetson ( pull he gun ) show I . int . conference room - night the large suitcase rest on the expansive conference table . a manicure alien hand reach in and slowly open it . Inside be fifty one - kilo glass tube full of the viscous blue drug . also several of the small , individual dispenser . it be harcourt , stand behind the table in a pool of light , who have open the suitcase . he be flanke by kipling ... with quint elsewhere in the room . the room be light by track light , create pool of light and dark . the two alien dealer ' eye widen at the sight of the drug . the human dealer do not know what it be . harcourt ( to alien dealer ) it 's be a long time , have not it , gentleman ? human dealer what be it ? harcourt a sweet indulgence from out past ... resurrected for we future . harcourt see the hunger expression on the alien dealer ' face ... smile knowingly . he slide one of the dispenser from the suitcase . harcourt ( continue ; to alien dealer ) please feel free to sample the quality . the experience will be everything you remember it to be ... one of the alien dealer take the dispenser , bring it to he tongue . the other alien dealer turn to harcourt -- alien dealer where would you get it ? harcourt I arrange to spend some time with three very resourceful man . with a certain amount of coax , one of they be able to reconstitute the formula for I . ( beat ) they work very well together . unfortunately , they be no longer with we ... but I be fortunate enough to reap the benefit of they endeavor . he indicate the drug . the first alien Dealer sway gently , enjoy the sensation . the second alien Dealer take he hit ... shudder as the first rush wash over he . the human Dealer be no fool ... he grab the dispenser . human dealer let I try some . ( he do , immediately spit it out ) Jesus ! tastes like detergent ! harcourt and that 's all the effect it will have on you . but when my fellow newcomer learn they can obtain it here , they will work very hard ... to make as much money as they can ... to give it to I . suddenly , a voice from the shadow near the open door to the other office : voice you have not tell he all of it . harcourt and the other react . quint leap to he foot , catch off guard . kipling reach for he shoulder holster . a silhouette beside the open door to the outer office nudge cassandra into the light of the room , then step out himself . it be jetson . quint get he gun out , be about to aim ... when he eye go wide at the sight of something jetson hold . it be the plastic explosive charge that quint be wiring to the slug-mobile . the wire be connect and jetson 's finger squeeze down hard on the detonation push-switch . quint he 's get the C - 4 charge ! jetson move forward slowly , hold the bomb in front of he . he be sweat river . the other quickly join he . he nudge cassandra ahead of himself , keep she where he can see she . quint ( continue ) just take it real casual , buddy . keep you finger on that button and do not do nothing squirrely . harcourt if you release that button , you not only kill we , but yourself . jetson to get you and that -- ( indicate drug in suitcase ) -- I would do it . he say it with such straightforward eye contact , that harcourt ( and we ) know he be not bluff . jetson everyone up against that wall . very slowly . ( to harcourt ) except you . harcourt remain behind the desk . cassandra stay where she be , near jetson . the other move to the wall . kipling in particular be go nut , let this happen . jetson take the " sample " dispenser from the table , toss it into the suitcase , then close the lid and lock it . all the while keep he eye on harcourt and the other . harcourt one small matter seem to have escape you attention . that -- ( indicate suitcase ) -- be not on any book as a control substance . legally it might as well be fifty kilo of ... grape jelly . jetson the charge be murder ... and conspiracy to commit murder . hubley , porter , strader ... probably other . there 's a flicker of concern behind harcourt 's icy blue eye . cassandra stare at harcourt . cassandra you ... you kill strader ? cassandra run to harcourt grab he jacket . cassandra where 's Todd ?! do you do something to Todd ?! harcourt look down at she , totally uninvolved . harcourt Todd ? who be Todd . ( then remember ; smile ) ah , poor Mr. Watson . cassandra 's eye go wide as the horror of what he say sink in . jetson nudge harcourt with the suitcase . they start out . cassandra , wild with rage , grab quint 's .357 and with a keening wail , bring it up toward harcourt 's face . jetson nooo ! jetson drop the suitcase as he lunge for the gun . he manage to knock it away just as she fire -- the bullet go into the wall behind harcourt . strike like a mongoose , kipling leap forward , grab the two lead wire on the bomb in jetson 's hand and jerk they apart . jetson react a instant late ... release the switch ... and nothing happen . kipling I get it ! kipling tackle jetson and they both go crash to the floor . quint grab the gun from cassandra and hammer she with it , hard . she drop to she knee and quint viciously hit she again . meanwhile , jetson struggle to regain he foot . kipling rear back and deliver a crush blow under jetson 's arm -- to the nerve plexus . jetson instantly fold over forward and kipling savagely bring up he knee into jetson 's face , flipping he back . kipling slam he into the wall face - first , pin he there . harcourt kill they both . kipling here ? harcourt ( raging ) do it ! quint bring the gun up , place the muzzle against the base of cassandra 's skull , start to squeeze the trigger . there 's a loud blam ! and cassandra flinch ... then look up . quint be blow backward away from she . syke stand in the doorway from the private office , the casull smoking in he hand . quint hit the wall behind he -- only it 's not a solid wall , but the huge window overlook the club . he crash through it . angle from dance floor as the wall of mirror explode in slow motion and quint cartwheel to the floor in a shower of diamond . angle - in the office kipling shove jetson aside , draw he gun and fire at syke . syke dodge into the private office for cover . the three dealer dive behind any available furniture . harcourt snatch up the suitcase and rush to the door lead into the adjoin outer office . syke swing around the edge of the private office door , straight - arm the casull into the office and fire . kipling fire back , crossing toward the outer office door , cover harcourt 's back . syke duck back down . a unsteady jetson rise from the floor , see harcourt and kipling escape , and take off after they . syke straight - arm the gun into the room again ... see jetson disappear through the adjoin office door . he move into the room as the three drug dealer , arm up in surrender , rise from behind the furniture . alien dealer do not shoot , man -- we be unarm -- look ! syke look at this harmless wimp ... then at cassandra . syke you okay ? cassandra ( daze , but all right ) yeah ... and he charge out the adjoin office door . ext . FIRE escape - encounters - night harcourt and kipling bang down the metal stair . jetson be ten foot above they . syke fly out onto the fire escape , a few step behind jetson . a police car siren be heard arrive o.s. ext . alley - behind encounter - night two uniformed officer bound from they unit and run into the back entrance of the club , leave the unit run . two second later , harcourt and kipling leap down from the fire escape , find themselves near the unit . harcourt here ! he throw the suitcase into the passenger side door , jump in . kipling dive in behind the wheel , slam it into gear and floor it . jetson and syke hit the ground just as the unit peel out . syke raise the casull and fire at the flee car . one slug shatter a tail light , other pepper the rear of the trunk , but the car keep go . jetson this way ! he indicate the slug-mobile park nearby . they race to it , jump in ... syke drive . he burn rubber as he pull out . a second arrive police unit pull into the alley , head straight for the slug-mobile . syke have to grate between the alley wall and the arrive police unit to get past . ext . west side STREET - night harcourt and kipling in the first police unit come thunder down the street zig - zag through traffic . the slug-mobile be three - quarter of a block behind they . inside the black -and -white harcourt begin fumble with the dash switch ... eventually hit the right one and the roof light and siren blast on . ext . west side STREET - night it look like a backwards chase , the slug-mobile chase the howling police car through traffic . jetson alertly eye the approach traffic -- call it out to syke the way he be train at the academy . jetson slow traffic on you right ... you be clear at the leave rear ... ( syke change lane ) careful , red light ahead ... with jetson 's help , syke be able to dice through the cross-traffic without incident . ext . west side STREET - night the traffic ahead of the police car peel off in response to the approach light and siren . kipling dodge around the stop traffic easily . the same traffic that have pull over for the police car now start ease back onto the street , cut off the slug-mobile . int . slug -mobile - night syke ' expression tell we he 's slip into the same juggernaut mode we see during the foot chase in the alley . jetson yellow light ahead turn red ... but syke do not slow -- instead he floor it . jetson ( continue ; wide - eye ) Red light ! Red light ! ext . west side STREET - night syke peel around the merge traffic , cut across the intersection , and continue the chase . on the wrong side of the road , head - on into traffic . headlights peel off in front of they as they charge along the wrong side . they eventually catch up to the police unit , racing parallel to it , but with the divider between they . syke keep one hand on the wheel and draw the casull with the other . he bring it up and around right in front of jetson 's nose , point it through the passenger window at kipling . at that moment , kipling glance over and react to the bore of this huge gun stare he in the kisser . jetson react to the gun in he face ... then react to something else he see beyond it . jetson Green light , Matthew . ( syke do not respond ) Green light ! now syke look . the light at the intersection have just turn green -- and the row of the car that be wait start come . it 's a wall of headlight come right for the slug-mobile . syke shit ! jetson ss-ai ! ext . west side STREET - night syke lock up the brake . kipling veer around a couple of car and speed away . because of the other traffic , syke have only one course of action . he skid a leave onto a side street . ext . side STREET - night syke burn rubber down this quieter street , squeal a right onto another street that parallel the street the police unit be on . at the first street available , he cut back in behind the police unit . ext . first STREET overpass - night syke ' car tear along below the overpass -- with the police unit directly above they ! a on-ramp approach for the slug-mobile and syke floor it . int . black -and - white - night harcourt turn in he seat just in time to see the slug - mobile airborne as it fly from the on-ramp , landing a few foot behind the black - and - white 's bumper . ext . first STREET overpass - night with the slug-mobile now , the police unit hang a right , cut through a parking lot , and bounce onto -- ext . second STREET and tunnel - night the police unit hang a u-turn into the second Street tunnel . it clip one of the civilian car , cause a pile - up of traffic behind the police unit . the slug-mobile skid to a stop , block by the clog of traffic in the tunnel . syke be out of the driver door in a flash , stand on the door frame , and yell -- syke move you goddamn car ! people climb out of they car daze and bewilder -- ignore syke . syke slide behind the wheel , bang he bumper into the car in front of he , and push the car far enough forward to get around . he speed off . int . / ext . black -and - white - freeway - night kipling rocket up a freeway on -ramp . harcourt smile with satisfaction -- there 's no sign of the slug-mobile behind they . kipling ease off , blend into the flow of traffic . ext . freeway - night syke slalom the slug-mobile through the civilian traffic like mario andretti lap the pack at Indianapolis . int . slug -mobile - night jetson spot the police unit in the right hand lane ahead . jetson there ! syke see it . think fast , he ease off , use another car as a blind . he wait until the police unit be parallel to a off-ramp , then gun ahead and swing right , directly for the police unit . kipling look over , react , just as the slug-mobile broadside the police unit . syke force the police unit up the off-ramp . ext . intersection - night door handle to door handle , the two car slue to the right . the police unit break out in front , but syke stay right on its ass . they charge up onto -- ext . vincent thomas bridge - night the police unit and slug-mobile -- bumper to bumper at 80 mph . int . slug -mobile - night as the car scream along , jetson crane out the side window , look in distress at the inky seawater flash past below . ext . vincent thomas bridge - night they reach the far end of the bridge and skid wide onto -- ext . henry ford boulevard - night a clear two lane straightaway near the ocean . syke push the slug-mobile to its limit , pull alongside the police unit . the two car trade blow at 90 + mph . kipling manage to send syke onto the dirt shoulder , slow he down . int . black -and - white - night kipling watch the slug-mobile in the rearview mirror , then look back out the front to see the end of the road come up fast ! harcourt bellow to kipling , who slam on the brake . ext . end of boulevard - night the police unit skid to a stop before hit a chain link fence where the road end . a abandon drawbridge and the ocean be on the other side of the fence . with nowhere else to go , harcourt yell something at kipling and kipling floor it back the way they come . ext . henry ford boulevard - night the two car be racing for a full head - on . at the last instant , syke wrench the wheel , throw the slug-mobile sideways , passenger side first . the police unit smashes into the rear door and fender of the slug-mobile , both car skid madly to a stop . a fire ignites under the hood of the police unit . int . slug -mobile - night syke sit stunne behind the wheel . disorient but conscious , he raise he head , look over ... see jetson out cold , he forehead gash and bleed . then he look over and see the fire grow under the police unit 's hood which be crunch up against the rear of the slug - mobile -- near the gas tank . ext . henry ford boulevard - night syke slide out of the driver 's door , stumble to jetson 's door , wrench it open , and drag the huge unconscious alien away from the car . he 's still drag jetson away when he spot harcourt pull himself through the smashed police unit window . bruise and bleed , harcourt reach in for the suitcase , then start to run with it . with jetson a safe distance away from the car , syke clamber to he foot , draw the casull , and start off after harcourt . harcourt reach the chain link fence lead to the close drawbridge . he heave the suitcase over , then start to climb . syke lumber past the burn police unit . kipling be still behind the wheel , he head slump forward . syke be just past the car when they explode -- send hood and door panel and glass fly in all direction . harcourt , on the other side of the fence , grab the suitcase and limp off into the shadowy world of the abandon drawbridge . syke reach the fence . instead of climb , he simply blow the lock to hell with the casull , and kick open the gate . ext . abandoned drawbridge - night the end of the bridge be in the " up " position ... a huge asphalt slab stabbing up into the night sky . harcourt run along the pool of light and dark at the edge of the bridge , the black seawater drift past beside he . his foot slip once and he almost go over the side . syke -- backlit by the burn car , the big casull a prominent part of the silhouette -- just keep come . harcourt reach the shadow at the end of the bridge -- and have nowhere to go . he be back into a corner , with seawater on two side of he . harcourt pivot frantically , see syke come this way . harcourt be a trap animal . his chest heave in panic . then he gaze fall on the suitcase behind he ... and slowly ... finally ... a look of resolve come into he eye . on syke he ease cautiously toward the shadow where he know harcourt be . there 's some movement among the shadow , and syke straight - arm the casull , he finger white against the trigger . perspiration drip into syke ' eye , but he do not blink . a long moment then -- angle - the shadow harcourt emerge from the darkness . his face be compose , the superior glint be back in he eye . his arm be hold away from he side at 30 degree angle , clearly in surrender . syke cat-step forward slowly . harcourt stare at syke ' eye , and the desire there that harcourt will give he a excuse . harcourt simply ... smile . syke move a finger , harcourt , and you be history ... harcourt no , sergeant -- not history ... ( beat ) eternity ... and now syke see it -- harcourt have be hold one of the one- kilo glass cylinder of the drug conceal behind he arm . he bring it up over he head , grin at syke , then tilt back he head and crack the cylinder open . the blue gel pour into he mouth and down he chin . his mouth fill . he look back at syke , make eye contact ... he eye mad , defiant . and -- he swallow . Long hold -- then the wallop of the overdose hit he ... he face contort in agony as he begin to convulse . syke , wide -ey , lower the casull and watch as harcourt drop to the ground and go into a massive violent seizure . his limb hammer against the deck ... he back arch fiercely . it be a brutal , agonizing ten second . then , finally , he body become still . syke , stunne at what he 's just witness slowly go to he and take he pulse the way he see jetson do it . high angle shot - the entire area syke stand . he notice the suitcase nearby , latch it , and heft it . he carry it with he back toward the inferno of the wreck car , the casull hang heavy and cold in he hand . angle following syke he approach the burn car , head for jetson . as he pass the burn car , we have a half - second to register that the driver 's door of the police unit be now open before -- -- a dark figure hurtle at syke ' back from o.s .! syke be throw forward . the suitcase crash to the ground , and the casull go skitter off . syke look up -- to be meet by the singe and bleed nightmare visage of kipling ! kipling reach down for the suitcase then syke hear it -- the telltale clinking SOUND . he look -- and see the exotic silver bracelet on kipling 's wrist . it connect for he ; this be the bandana alien -- the one who kill Bill tuggle ! kipling bring the suitcase above he head . he be a half - second from hurl it down on syke ' skull when -- a gun roar . kipling be throw back by the chest wound . syke look . angle jetson , half sit up , hold the smoking casull . kipling recover enough to come at syke again with the suitcase again . jetson , shaking but determine , fire again , and again , and again . kipling be drive backward by the fusillade , the suitcase still over he head ... until he be blast at last and forever , suitcase and all , into the molten core of the inferno . syke rise , make he way to jetson 's side . jetson have let the weight of the gun carry he hand to the ground . syke kneel beside he , gently take the gun from the alien 's hand . the two partner remain like this , bath in the orange flicker glow of the fire . high wide shot of the drawbridge , the debris , the carnage , and we two cop ... dissolve to : ext . henry ford boulevard - night the police mop - up be wind down . cop car , coroner 's wagon , fire truck . we move through it all to find syke and jetson seat on the curb , away from the railing . jetson with harcourt and kipling dead , I assume you will be request reassignment now . syke ( cool ) it would be for you own good . I think you would be better off with a partner who 's a little more ... by the book . ( smile ) ... still , I gotta tell you , George , for a quiet guy , you be sure hell on wheel once you get go . I would kinda hate to miss you next two day as a detective . jetson smile . he glance up as they be bath in red and blue light . a patrol car have pull up next to they . Inside be wiltey , a uniform cop . wiltey I will give you guy a lift to the station . they be wait to take you statement on the shooting . syke ( to jetson ) let 's go , partner . ( then casually correct wiltey as he rise ) and it 's shoot . singular . wiltey they say two . syke nope . I do not shoot harcourt ... he o.d.'d . SHOCK CUT - jetson we rapidly push in on he as he head snap around toward syke . his expression tell we he blood have just turn to ice . CUT to : int . coroner' wagon - night angle forward , shoot from the rear of the wagon , toward the driver and attendant up front . driver so it 's just I and she leave in the hot tub , right ? attendant you and the blonde ? driver no , man , the redhead . the blonde 's go in the house with some other guy . but a few minute later she come back out , alone , when I and the redhead be go at it fast and furious in the tub , ya know ... and she see we , and ... she climb right in with we ... attendant you be full of shit ! driver I swear it ! if I be lyin ' , I be dyin ' ... and , without warning , a large inhuman hand fly up in f.g. , have rip through the seal body bag just below frame . CUT to : int . squad car - night jetson be up front with wiltey ; syke sit in the back , though he be on the edge of the seat , lean forward toward the front . jetson be intently , nervously scan ahead and to both side . jetson you be certain this be the route they would have take ? wiltey I be not positive -- but probably . syke ( warily ) what 's this about , George ? I know that look . jetson ( spot something out a side window ) there ! go back . down that side street . wiltey brake , back up , then turn into the side street . angle through windshield as they approach a eerie scene . the coroner 's wagon be stop at a angle in the middle of the intersection , headlight and roof light cut into the night , the back door wide open . a patrol car be also here , on the other side of the wagon . there be no movement anywhere near the two vehicle . wiltey pull the car up , he eye like saucer at the eerie scene . he reach for the radio hand mike . jetson quickly cover it with a large hand . jetson no! ( both syke and wiltey look at he ) we must do this alone . syke do what ?! George -- ?! jetson be already slide out of the car . ext . STREET near dock - night jetson , syke , and wiltey move warily forward , they gun draw . they reach the van and syke take wiltey 's flashlight , shine it through the open back door . the door be bent outward , smashed half off they hinge . one of the body bag be rip open , literally split from end to end . the blue and red lightbar on the other patrol car can be see through the wagon 's front windshield . jetson start around the wagon toward the patrol car , syke and wiltey follow . light all ablaze , it too be abandon . one door have be wrench off its hinge and lay in the street , and the front windshield be smashed . we three cop approach the car , then wiltey spot something beyond the unit . wiltey oh , God ... syke and jetson look . the body of the coroner wagon Driver and attendant , as well as the two officer from the patrol car , be crush and beat and stretch out on the asphalt . they arm be twisted as though by a mad force -- each point down the street toward the dock warehouse ahead . wiltey stumble away , backward . wiltey I be call for back up , now . jetson wiltey , no . but wiltey be go . jetson start after he ... but syke grab he arm , hard , and spin he . syke what be this ?! jetson ( low ) ... it 's harcourt . syke harcourt be dead . jetson no he 's not . not if he overdose on the drug . ( search for the word ) massive amount trigger a ... a change . you body function seize up , you appear to be dead , but it 's really a state of incubation . when you emerge you be ... syke ( look at the four body sprawle before he ) tell I about it ... CUT to : ext . STREET near dock - night one minute later . OPEN close on a light shine into camera , then widen to reveal it be one of the door-mounted spotlight on wiltey 's patrol car . wiltey ease the car down the center of the street . syke and jetson , gun ready , walk slowly along on either side of the car ... eye everywhere . moving Pov as they move past the shadowy dock warehouse ... watch for any sign of movement . back to scene syke and jetson converse across the hood of the car as they walk . they eye everywhere . syke I never think I would say this , but -- for once in my life I think I be willing to wait for back -up . jetson we can not let he get away . syke why the hell be you so dead set against back -up ? jetson ( a difficult admission ) because ... because of what will happen if human see what we be capable of become . syke but there 's no more drug . jetson you understand that . but how many other will ? syke look across at jetson 's troubled expression . just then , wiltey spot a flit of movement cut across he headlight beam fifty yard ahead . whatever it be , be large and fast . it darte into a open warehouse door . wiltey there he be ! and wiltey floor it . syke and jetson watch , unable to stop he . jetson wiltey ! he and syke take off run . wiltey skid to the leave , rocket in through the open warehouse door , out of sight . syke and jetson pour it on . they hear a screech of brake . they reach the warehouse door and race through . int . warehouse - night low angle , shoot across the underside of wiltey 's stop patrol car as syke ' and jetson 's foot appear around the corner of the warehouse door . the car be still run -- the exhaust pipe still rumbling and expel fume . the foot slow ... then cautiously start around the car . we pan with they as they move around the side of the car . a dark liquid begin drip in extreme f.g. we move up , to a close up of the car bumper . the dark liquid be blood , drip deep red on the shiny chrome . we move up farther , and -- -- there be wiltey 's severe head . in close up , rest on the hood of the patrol car . syke and jetson stop dead at the sight . wiltey 's body lie in a heap on the floor near the car . they both stare , then syke look around the shadowy interior of the warehouse , he expression say : what the hell could have do this so fast ? there Pov there be two path to go . both dark and scary as hell . the sound of a distant fog horn blend with the creak and drip of this waterfront building . angle - syke and jetson jetson reach into the patrol car and pull the shotgun from the dash mount . he check the chamber as syke check the casull . they exchange a know look ... then wordlessly , they split up . syke take the path to the leave , jetson to the right . with jetson as he move into a dark area . he slowly pick he way along a long wall , have to step over all sort of pile debris , head toward we . we pan slightly to the leave to hold a door in close up . the door , already ajar , ease open slightly wider . jetson hear this . he reach the door , set himself , then spin and kick the door open all the way . there 's nothing inside ... now . jetson look up , see movement in the distance . it be syke , quite far away , in another section of the warehouse . syke leave jetson 's field of view . int . warehouse - guard be area - night syke walk around a corner -- freeze , and cock he head as he hear voice -- follow , curiously , by laughter . he ease forward , peer around a bend , and see -- a table and a chair . on the table be a mini-television , tune to some local late night talk show . there 's a thermos , a steaming cup of coffee , and a twinkie with a single bite out of it beside the tv . the chair be empty , except for a jacket sling across the back , the word security stitched on the breast . the guard be nowhere in sight . syke move toward the table , take in this eerie sight . he look around , then continue on . int . warehouse - approaching stair - night jetson move among the dark nook and cranny , come to a set of stair lead to a upper floor . the top of the stair be pitch black . jetson adjust he grip on the shotgun , slowly start up the stair . int . warehouse - at fish nets - night syke come to rack upon rack of drying fish net , hang from the ceiling . he have no alternate route -- he begin push through they . syke ' Pov - moving through fish nets because of the dimness , he can not see much beyond each rack of net immediately before he . he keep wading through -- it 's like a house of mirror , he can not tell now much farther he have to go to get out of the net , and the deeper in he get , the harder it would be to go back the way he come . he push past one particular rack of net and loom out of the darkness ahead of he be -- -- a terrifying face ! on syke he stumble back , get tangle in the net , bring up the casull , be about to fire when ... he see what the face be . it 's the maiden 's figurehead from the bow of a old ship . the wood be worm - eat and decaye , create a hideous visage . syke stand there a moment , try to jump -start he heart again . int . second floor landing - night jetson move along the rickety plank . he come to a door . he ease it open , enter . int . second floor room - night jetson move into the shadowy confines . he hear a incessant drip from a sink faucet in the corner . he move to it . turn the spigot , stop the drip . other drip be heard from a dozen other hide recess all around he . he glance up at the filthy mirror attach to the wall above the sink . suddenly he see the movement of something behind he . he spin with the shotgun . a huge shadow move along the wall . he pivot the shotgun again -- toward the source of the shadow . it 's a length of black tarp , tear and flap from the ceiling . jetson let out a deep breath . int . storage room - night angle down a short passageway to a intersect hallway . a strand of something hang in frame in out of focus f.g . it make a indistinct , rhythmic clinking SOUND . syke move along the intersect hallway . the clinking SOUND catch he attention . he stop , listen , then start down the passageway , toward we . he come forward into the storage room , have to get very close to the strand of something before he see what it be . it 's a double strand of chain , clinking gently against itself . syke reach out , steady the chain , silencing it . he consider . it could have be a natural occurrence ... or something could have brush against it , set it in motion . he tighten he grip on the casull , back away from the chain . he sense something behind he and spin . nothing there . he relax . however -- behind he now , in soft focus , we glimpse movement at the other end of the short passageway . it be a figure , move slowly forward down the passageway , back - light by the hallway light behind it , its shadow fill the passageway as it approach syke . it stop , inside the room now , directly behind syke . Close enough to reach out and touch he . it be a alien silhouette , but larger , more powerful . suddenly , syke sense something be there . he turn , slowly , and -- SHOCK CUT - harcourt as he step from the shadow -- just like he do the last time syke see he on the abandon drawbridge . only this time it be a horribly transformed harcourt . his eye be red-rimme and piggish . his head be lumpen , he skin thick and hard . his neck muscle be cord -- give he a kind of hellish cobra 's cowl . there be still intelligence behind the eye -- but it be a feral intelligence now . harcourt ( he voice a guttural rumble ) look for I , sergeant ? syke stumble back several step , wildly bring up the casull , and fire . the powerful casull round catch harcourt in the shoulder , jerk he back . ext . work shed area - night jetson , in another area of the dock , hear the echoing blast of the casull . he gauge as best he can the direction it come from and take off run . int . storage room - night harcourt recover from the jolt of the bullet impact . the cloth of he dishevel shirt be shred and powder - burn , but the bullet could not pierce he plate skin . harcourt smile with grotesquely alter tooth , start toward syke . scare shitless , syke rapid-fire . one of he shot miss , shatter a crate beside harcourt 's head . the remain shot strike harcourt full on . harcourt be jerk by the impact of the bullet each time , snarling in anger -- but none of the hit stop he . the casull be empty and harcourt keep come . syke stumble back , but harcourt be on he in a flash . harcourt grab syke ' arm hold the gun , yank hard . we hear the pop as the shoulder dislocate . syke hollers , and the gun jump out of he hand . int . warehouse - guard be area - night jetson race in , shotgun ready . the last of syke ' shot be still echoing . jetson look around , frustrated , unable to tell exactly where they be come from . he see the likely path and charge that way . ext . dock - at stair - night on the CUT , syke ' body be already tumble down this rickety stair attach to the side of the warehouse , have be throw ruthlessly from above . as syke ' body sprawl on the dock , the massive figure of harcourt appear at the top of the stair . syke , scrape and bruise , struggle to he foot . harcourt move down the stair , then vault over the railing the last fifteen foot . harcourt lurch forward and , with a talone grip on syke ' shoulder , propel he down the dock . ext . STREET near dock - night the first two arrive black - and - white skid to stop at the coroner 's wagon . the officer leap out , flagging other arrive unit to continue on toward the warehouse . ext . dock - night syke be on he foot , but he knee buckle , and he almost collapse again . harcourt come at he . then syke see it -- -- a fishing boat chugge along past the end of one of the jetty . syke make a break for it . ext . warehouse - at stair - night jetson charge out at the top of the rickety stair , frantically scan for any sign of syke . then , in the distance , he spot the two figure run along the jetty -- syke be chase by the re-form harcourt . jetson give the water surround the dock a apprehensive look , then gather up he courage , and race down the stair to help syke . ext . jetty - night syke lumber along the narrow jetty . the fishing boat be already pass the end of the jetty . harcourt be fast behind syke as he reach the end of the jetty and vault off toward the stern of the boat -- landing on the fishing net pile on the rear deck . he yell in pain as he ankle twist under he weight . ext . fishing boat - night syke lie there , hold he arm , breathe hard , relieved that he have escape . ext . jetty - night harcourt can not reach the boat from the same jetty syke do , so he jump on a platform beside this jetty , then onto a second jetty . and from here , he vault across the seawater onto the boat . ext . fishing boat - night syke see the phantom figure land on the boat near the cabin . the fishing boat chug up the channel toward the open sea . ext . dock - night jetson see this and be shitting brick . suddenly the stark beam of a police helicopter sun - gun stab down from above . jetson look up to see the chopper come in low , the sun-gun wash over the dock . int . helicopter - night the sun - gun hit jetson stand on the dock , frantically wave he badge at the ' copter , signal it down . the Pilot start to take it down . ext . fishing boat - night syke be on all four , claw he way up the fishing net toward the back of the boat . harcourt get one hand on he leg . syke jerk he leg away , and harcourt 's claw dig deep through syke ' pants into he leg as he pull away . syke bellows in pain . int . helicopter - night jetson be barely in the seat as it lift away from the dock . he have to catch himself from fall out the open door . below , uniform cop be now see rush out onto the dock . jetson on that boat -- out there ! jetson indicate the fishing boat head toward the mouth of the channel . the helicopter tilt forward and go . ext . fishing boat - night syke manage to pull himself up into the dinghy hang over the stern of the fishing boat . he push to the back of the dinghy as harcourt 's savage visage appear at the bow . harcourt grin -- the predator with he prey trap . int . helicopter - night jetson 's face be bath in sweat as he look out at the channel water racing past beneath . they come up on the boat and the Pilot play the sun-gun onto the deck , look for movement , finally pin syke and harcourt at the stern dinghy . ext . bridge of fishing boat - night the Captain react to the helicopter overhead , look back at what the sun-gun spotlight . he see harcourt stand at the bow of the dinghy , start to clamber in . captain hey ! ext . fishing boat - night harcourt turn , see the Captain on the bridge above he . he reach for a wood - handle gaff nearby . he rear back with it and let it fly like a spear . ext . bridge of fishing boat - night the gaff impale the Captain , off - center in he chest . the Captain , he face freeze in shock , be throw back against the throttle . the boat lunge forward as the engine rev loudly . ext . fishing boat - night harcourt be throw into the dinghy with syke . as harcourt recover , syke spot the release for the tie line on the dinghy . he lunge forward , throw the ratchet . the line play out , and the dinghy slide backward into water ! int . helicopter - night jetson watch this happen . ext . dinghy - night the dinghy bang along ( at the end of the ten foot tie line ) in the wake of the speed fishing boat . harcourt claw he way toward syke . Water be already splash in over the stern transom ... the dinghy be sink . harcourt grab syke ' leg and pull he toward he . syke hold on to the stern cleat with all he might . harcourt yank he free . syke kick wildly at the ratchet release , try to free the remainder of the line . harcourt be come in for the kill when -- -- syke ' foot connect with the ratchet lever . the rest of the tie line snake through the ratchet , freeing the dinghy from the fishing boat ! the dinghy be rock wildly , sink fast . a wave from the fishing boat 's wake splashes in over the side . some of it hit harcourt -- he howl and fall away . syke see this , try to clamber over the side , but harcourt be on he again . syke ' body weight at the side of the dinghy couple with the rock motion cause more water to wash in over the transom . int . helicopter - night jetson react to syke and harcourt battle in the dinghy below . ext . dinghy - night harcourt , who be get more and more wet , howl in agony , thick blood beginning to bead wherever the water touch . syke be take one hell of a beat . harcourt sweep syke up in a bear hug , be about to crush he rib cage , when syke shift he body weight , knock harcourt off balance . harcourt wobble , fear on he face for the first time -- then he finally lose it , and the two of they tumble overboard into the water , capsize the dinghy . ext . water - night syke break the surface , gasp for air , frantically claw with he one good arm at the wedge of dinghy still above the water . suddenly , behind he , harcourt 's partially melt form erupt from the water , lunge on top of syke , and drag he under . int . helicopter - night jetson hang in the open door , watch in horror , want to help , know he can not . ext . water - night syke break the surface , harcourt 's misshapen lump of a body unmove but still on top of he . syke shove it away , struggle to stay afloat . his head keep dunking under . he 's drown . int . helicopter - night jetson screw up he courage and turn to the Pilot . jetson take it down ! take it down ! ext . water and helicopter - night the helicopter move down toward the turbulent water . jetson hang in the doorway , watch syke ' head dunking under again . the helicopter 's skid be three foot above the water . jetson ( to Pilot ) all the way ! pilot I can't it'll ditch ! syke ' outreach hand stretch up from the water , but the skid be just too high . jetson have no alternative , and he do the bravest thing he have ever do . he move out onto the narrow helicopter skid . hanging on , three foot above the water , he reach down for syke ' up reach hand . the fingertip of the two hand waver mere inch from each other ... jetson stretch farther , farther ... and the two hand meet ! jetson wince from the pain of the seawater on syke ' hand . he start pull syke up . when -- harcourt head break the surface a foot from syke ' face . his eye socket be empty and he skin be mostly go . the nearly skeletal body heave blindly onto syke , break he grip from jetson 's , and drag he under again . jetson be frantic . he keep wait -- but this time syke do not come up . jetson do not know what to do . finally -- he lean down as far as he can , he face a foot from the water , scream to block the pain , and plunge he own arm below the surface ! he feel around , get hold of something , and pull . it be syke ' wrist . he pull hard , bring the sputtering syke up out of the water . jetson ( to Pilot ) take it up ! the Pilot do . syke come up out of the water . his foot be just clear of the surface when -- harcourt 's hand and arm rocket out of the water , grab syke ' ankle . syke look down in horror . the helicopter keep move up , and before harcourt 's body break the surface , the arm tear away from the torso at the shoulder . syke wildly shake the cling severe arm from he ankle , and it fall back into the water below . jetson continue pull he up into the helicopter as it move off toward shore . int . helicopter - night syke plop on the floor , soak , batter , hold he limp arm . jetson be quickly whipping off he jacket , wrapping the dry part around he own arm , wince in pain . the Pilot stare down at the circle of water where they just pull syke from . pilot what the hell be that down there ? it be weird . jetson look at syke , wonder if he will say . syke look at jetson a long moment , then -- syke look like every other damn slag to I . just plain ugly . despite the pain , jetson smile . long dissolve to : int . church anteroom - day we be close on syke , who be have a hell of a time , try to tie a tuxedo tie with one arm in a sling . a pair of alien arm reach into frame to help he . one of the alien arm be also in a sling . angle widen to reveal the alien be jetson . both man wear tuxedo . syke how do I look ? jetson you look very good . there 's a knock at the door . syke open it . there stand syke ' daughter , kristin , twenty year old , look radiant in she wedding dress . she be in a foyer , and behind she be the interior of the church with all the assemble guest , include Mrs. jetson &amp ; son . kristin ready , daddy ...? syke ' heart melt . before move to the door : syke George , uh ... I want to apologize now , in advance , for all the rotten thing I will ever say or do to you over the year . syke move to join he daughter . as he do : jetson that be all right , Matthew . after all , you be only human . syke , catch off guard , have to laugh . syke ( under he breath ) what a wildman ... syke take he daughter 's arm and the two of they start down the aisle . fade out . the end