alien ( project formerly title starbeast ) Story by Dan o'bannon &amp ; Ronald shusett screenplay by Dan o'bannon 1976 synopsis en route back to Earth from a far part of the galaxy , the crew of the starship snark intercept a transmission in a alien language , originate from a nearby storm - shroud planet . mankind have wait century to contact another form of intelligent life in the universe -- they decide to land and investigate . they search take they to a wreck alien spacecraft whose door gape open -- it be dead and abandon . Inside they find , among other strange thing , the skeleton of one of the unearthly space traveller . certain clue in the wreck ship lead they across the hostile surface of the planet to a primitive stone pyramid , the only remnant of a vanish civilization . beneath this pyramid they find a ancient tomb full of fantastic artifact . lying dormant in the tomb be century - old spore , which be trigger into life by the man 's presence . a parasite emerge and fasten itself to one of the men' face -- and can not be remove . a examination by the ship 's medical computer reveal that the creature have insert a tube down he throat , which be deposit something inside he . then it be discover that the parasite 's blood be a horribly corrosive acid which eat through metal -- they dare not kill it on the ship . ultimately it be dislodge from its victim and eject from the ship , and they blast off from the Hell -planet . however , before they can seal themselves into suspend animation for the long voyage home , a horrible little monster emerge from the victim 's body -- it have be grow in he , deposit there by the parasite ... and now it be loose on the ship . a series of ghastly adventure follow . they trap it in a air shaft and a man have to crawl down the shaft with a flamethrower -- it tear a man 's head off and run away with he body -- a man be crush in the air lock door and the ship lose most of its air in a terrific windstorm -- another man be burn to death and then eat by the creature -- and another be woven into a cocoon as part of the alien 's bizarre life cycle . finally there be only one man leave alive , alone on the ship with the creature , and only six hour till he air run out ; which lead to a climax of horrifying , explosive jeopardy , the outcome of which determine who will reach Earth alive -- man or alien . cast of character chaz standard , Captain ................. a leader and a politician . believe that any action be better than no action . martin roby , executive Officer ....... cautious but intelligent -- a survivor . DELL broussard , Navigator ............... adventurer ; brash glory-hound . sandy melkonis , Communications .......... tech intellectual ; a romantic . cleave hunter , mining engineer ......... High -strung ; come along to make he fortune . jay faust , engine tech ............. a worker . unimaginative . the crew be unisex and all part be interchangeable for man or woman . fade in : extreme closeup of flickering instrument panel . readouts and digital display pulse eerily with the technology of the distant future . wherever we be , it seem to be chill , dark , and sterile . Electronic machinery chuckle softly to itself . abruptly we hear a beeping signal , and the machinery begin to awaken . circuit close , light blink on . camera angle gradually widen , revealing more and more of the machinery , bank of panel , flutter gauge , until we reveal : interior - hypersleep vault a stainless steel room with no window , the wall pack with instrumentation . the light be dim and the air be frigid . occupy most of the floor space be row of horizontal freezer compartment , look for all the world like meat locker . foom ! foom ! foom ! with explosion of escape gas , the lid on the freezer pop open . slowly , groggily , six nude man sit up . roby oh ... God ... be I cold ... broussard be that you , roby ? roby I feel like shit ... broussard yeah , it 's you all right . now they be yawn , stretch , and shiver . faust ( groan ) ohh ... I must be alive , I feel dead . broussard you look dead . melkonis the vampire rise from they grave . this draw a few woozy chuckle . broussard ( shake he fist in the air triumphantly ) we make it ! hunter ( not fully awake ) be it over ? standard it 's over , Hunter . hunter ( yawn ) Boy , that 's terrific . standard ( look around with a grin ) well , how do it feel to be rich man ? faust cold ! this draw a laugh . standard okay ! everybody topside ! let 's get we pants on and get to we post ! the man begin to swing out of the freezer . melkonis somebody get the cat . roby pick a limp cat out of a freezer . interior - control room this be a fantastic circular room , jamme with instrumentation . there be no window , but above head level the room be ringed by viewscreen , all blank for the moment . there be seat for four man . each chair face a console and be surround by a dazzle array of technology . standard , roby , broussard , and melkonis be enter and find they seat . broussard I be go to buy a cattle ranch . roby ( put down the cat ) cattle ranch ! broussard I be not kid . you can get one if you have the credit . look just like real cow , too . standard all right , tycoon , let 's stop spend we credit and start worry about the job at hand . roby right . Fire up all system . they begin to throw switch , lighting up they console . the control room start to come to life . all around the room , color light flicker and chase each other across glow screen . the room fill with the hum and chatter of machinery . standard Sandy , you want to give we some vision ? melkonis feast you eye . melkonis reach to he console and press a bank of switch . the strip of viewscreen flicker into life . on each screen , we see blackness speckle with star . broussard ( after a pause ) where 's irth ? standard Sandy , scan the whole sky . melkonis hit button . on the screen the image all begin to pan . camera move in on one of the screen , with its move image of a starfield . exterior - outer space close shot of a panning tv camera . this camera be remote control , turn silently on its base . camera begins to pull back , revealing that the tv camera be mount on the hull of some kind of craft . when the pullback be finish , we see the full length of the starship " snark , " hang in the depth of interstellar space , against a background of glimmer star . interior - bridge roby where be we ? standard Sandy , contact traffic control . melkonis switch on he radio unit . melkonis this be deep space commercial vessel snark , registration number e180246 , call Antarctica air traffic control . do you read I ? over . there be only the hiss of static . broussard ( stare at a screen ) I do not recognize that constellation . standard dell , plot we location . broussard go into action , punch button , lighting up all he instrument . broussard I get it . oh boy . standard where the hell be we ? broussard just short of Zeta ii reticuli . we have not even reach the outer rim yet . roby what the hell ? Standard pick up a microphone . standard this be chaz speak . sorry , but we be not home . we present location seem to be only halfway to irth . remain at you post and stand by . that be all . roby chaz , I have get something here on my security alert . a high priority from the computer ... standard let 's hear it . roby ( punch button ) Computer , you have signall a priority three message . what be the message ? computer ( a mechanical voice ) I have interrupt the course of the voyage . roby what ? why ? computer I be program to do so if certain condition arise . standard Computer , this be Captain Standard . what condition be you talk about ? computer I have intercept a transmission of unknown origin . standard a transmission ? computer a voice transmission . melkonis out here ? the man exchange glance . computer I have record the transmission . standard play it for we , please . over the speaker , we hear a hum , a crackle , static ... then a strange , unearthly voice fill the room , speak a alien language . the bizarre voice speak a long sentence , then fall silent . the man all stare at each other in amazement . standard Computer , what language be that ? computer unknown . roby unknown ! what do you mean ? computer it be none of the 678 dialect speak by technological man . there be a pause , then everybody start talking at the same time . standard ( silencing they ) just hold it , hold it ! ( glare around the room ) Computer : have you attempt to analyze the transmission ? computer yes . there be two point of salient interest . number one : it be highly systematize , indicate intelligent origin . number two : certain sound be inconsistent with the human palate . roby oh my God . standard well , it 's finally happen . melkonis first contact ... standard Sandy , can you home in on that beam ? melkonis what 's the frequency ? standard Computer , what 's the frequency of the transmission ? computer 65330 dash 99 . melkonis punch button . melkonis I have get it . it 's come from ascension 6 minute 32 second , declination - 39 degree 2 second . standard dell -- show I that on a screen . broussard I will give it to you on number four . broussard punch button . one of the viewscreen flicker , and a small dot of light become visible in the corner of the screen . broussard ( cont 'd ) that 's it . let I straighten it out . he twist a knob , move the image on the screen till the dot be in the center . standard can you get it a little closer ? broussard that 's what I be go to do . he hit a button . the screen flash and a planet appear . broussard ( cont 'd ) planetoid . diameter , 120 kilometer . melkonis it 's tiny ! standard any rotation ? broussard yeah . two hour . standard gravity ? broussard Point eight six . we can walk on it . Standard rise . standard Martin , get the other up to the lounge . interior - multi - purpose room the entire crew -- standard , roby , broussard , melkonis , hunter , and faust -- be all seat around a table , with Standard at the head . melkonis if it 's a s.o.s. , we be morally obligate to investigate . broussard right . hunter I do not know . seem to I we come on this trip to make some credit , not to go off on some kind of side trip . broussard ( excited ) forget the credit ; what we have here be a chance to be the first man to contact a nonhuman intelligence . roby if there be some kind of alien intelligence down on that planetoid , it would be a serious mistake for we to blunder in unequipped . broussard Hell , we be equip -- roby Hell , no ! we do not know what 's down there on that piece of rock ! it might be dangerous ! what we should do be get on the radio to the exploration authority ... and let they deal with it . standard except it will take 75 year to get a reply back . do not forget how far we be from the colony , Martin . broussard there be no commercial lane out here . face it , we be out of range . melkonis Men have wait century to contact another form of intelligent life in the universe . this be a opportunity which may never come again . roby look -- standard you be overrule , Martin . gentlemen -- let 's go . interior - bridge the man be strapping in , but this time it be with grim determination . standard dell , I want great magnification . more surface detail . I want to see what this place look like . broussard I will see what I can do . he jab he control . the image on the screen zoom down toward the planet ; but all detail quickly vanish into a featureless grey haze . standard it 's out of focus . roby no -- that 's atmosphere . cloud layer . melkonis my God , it 's stormy for a piece of rock that size ! roby just a second . ( punch button ) that be not water vapor cloud ; they have no moisture content . standard put ship in atmospheric mode . exterior - " snark " - outer space the great dish antenna on the snark fold down against the main body of the ship , and other part flatten out , until the ship have assume a aerodynamic form . interior - bridge standard dell , set a course and bring we in on that beam . exterior - space the snark 's engine cough into life , and send it drift toward the distant dot that be the planetoid . camera approach the planetoid , until it loom large on screen . it be turbulent , completely envelop in dun-color cloud . the snark drop down toward the surface . interior - bridge standard activate lifter quad . broussard activate . vertical drop check . correct course . on tangential course now , orbit . ( brief pause as he study he instrument ) cross the terminator . enter night side . exterior - " snark " - in orbit beneath the orbit snark , night 's curtain roll across the planet . descend at a angle , the snark drop down into the thick atmosphere of the planetoid . interior - bridge roby atmospheric turbulence . Dust storm . standard turn on navigation light . exterior - " snark " hydroplane down through the pea-soup atmosphere , a set of brilliant light switch on , cut through the dust , but hardly improve visibility . interior - bridge broussard approach point of origin . close at 20 kilometer , 15 and slow . ten. five. gentlemen , we be directly above the source of the transmission . standard what 's the terrain down there ? broussard well , line of sight be impossible due to dust . radar give I noise . sonar give I noise . infrare -- noise . let 's try ultraviolet . there . flat . it 's totally flat . a plain . standard be it solid ? broussard it 's ... basalt . rock . standard then take she down . broussard Drop begin ... now ! Fifteen kilometer and drop ... twelve ... ten ... eight and slow . five . Three . two . one kilometer and slow . lock tractor beam . there be a loud electrical hum and the ship shudder . roby lock . broussard kill drive engine . the engine fall silent . roby engine off . broussard nine hundred meter and drop . 800 . 700 . hang on gentleman . exterior - surface of planet - night the night - shroud surface be a hell of blow dust . the snark hover above it on glow beam of light , drop down slowly . landing strut unfold like insect leg . interior - bridge broussard and we be ... down . exterior - surface of planet - night the ship touch down , heavily ; it rock on huge shock absorber . interior - bridge the whole ship vibrate violently for a instant -- then all the panel in the room flash simultaneously and the light' go out . broussard Jesus Christ ! the light come back on again . standard what the hell happen ? roby ( hit a switch ) engine room , what happen ? faust ( over , filter ) just a minute , hold it , I be check . roby have the hull be breach ? broussard uh ... ( scan he gauge ) no , I do not see anything . we have still get pressure . there be a beep from the communicator . then : faust ( over , filter ) Martin , this be jay . the intake be clogge with dust . we overheate and burn out a whole cell . standard ( strike he panel ) damn it ! how long to fix ? roby ( into microphone ) how long to fix ? faust ( over , filter ) hard to say . roby well , get start . faust ( over , filter ) right . talk to you . standard let 's take a look outside . turn the screen back on . melkonis hit button . the screen flicker , but remain black . broussard can not see a bless thing . exterior - ship - night only a few glitter light distinguish the ship from the absolute darkness around it . the wind moan and scream . dust blows in front of the tiny glimmering light . interior - bridge - night standard kick on the flood . exterior - ship - night a ring of floodlights on the ship come to life , pour blind light out into the night . they illuminate nothing but a patch of featureless grey ground and cloud of blow dust . the wind shriek . interior - bridge - night roby not much help . Standard stare at the dark screen . standard well , we can not go anywhere in this darkness . how long till dawn ? melkonis ( consult he instrument ) well ... this rock rotate every two hour . the sun should be come up in about 20 minute . broussard good ! maybe we will be able to see something then . roby or something will be able to see we . they all look at he . dissolve to : exterior - ship - night ( MAIN title sequence ) the floodlight on the snark fight a lose battle against the darkness and the storm . MAIN theme music begins , extremely ominous . the title appear : alien run title . gradually , the screen begin to lighten as the SUN rise . the silhouette of the snark become visible , like some strange insect crouching motionless on the barren plain . the flood shut off . dense cloud of impenetrable dust shriek and moan , obscure everything and reduce the sunlight to a dull orange . end MAIN title . interior - bridge - day close on a screen - it show nothing but swirl cloud of orange dust . pull back from screen . the man ( Standard , roby , broussard , and melkonis ) be sit and stand around the room , drink coffee and stare at the screen , which reveal only the billow dust . roby there could be a whole city out there and we would never see it . broussard not sit on we butt in here , that 's for sure . standard just settle down . Sandy , you get any response yet ? melkonis ( pull off he earphone ) sorry . nothing but that same damn transmission , every 32 second . I have try every frequency on the spectrum . broussard be we just go to sit around and wait for a invitation ? roby give broussard a black look , then stab a button on he console and speak into the mike . roby ( into mike ) hello , faust ! faust ( over , filter ) yeah ! roby how 's it come on the engine ? interior - engine room faust be seat at a electronic workbench , brightly light , speak into a wall intercom . faust I never see anything as fine as this dust ... this cell be all pitte on a microscopic level . I have to polish this thing smooth again , so it 's go to take a while . okay ? interior - bridge - day roby yeah , okay . ( put down the mike ) standard Sandy ... how far be we from the source of the transmission ? melkonis source of transmission be to the northeast ... about 300 meter . roby Close ... broussard Close enough to walk to ! standard Martin , would you run I a atmospheric ? roby ( punch button and consult he panel ) 10 % argon , 85 % nitrogen , 5 % neon ... and some trace element . standard nontoxic ... but unbreathable . pressure ? roby ten to the fourth dyne per square centimeter . standard good ! moisture content ? roby Zero . dry as a bone . standard any microorganisms ? roby not a one . it 's dead . standard anything else ? roby yeah , rock particle . Dust . standard well , we will not need pressure suit , but breathe mask be call for . Sandy -- can you rig up some kind of portable unit that we can use to follow that transmission to its source ? melkonis no problem . broussard I volunteer for the exploration party . standard I hear you . you want to break out the side arm ? interior - MAIN arm lock - day Standard , broussard and melkonis enter the lock . they all wear glove , boot , jacket , and pistol . broussard touch a button and the inner door slide silently shut , sealing they into the lock . they all pull on rubber full - head oxygen mask . standard ( adjust the radio on he mask ) I be send . do you hear I ? broussard receiving . melkonis receiving . standard all right . now just remember : keep away from that weapon unless I say otherwise . Martin , do you read I ? interior - bridge - day roby read you , chaz . interior - MAIN AIR lock - day standard open the outer door . ponderously , the outer lock door slide open . orange sunlight stream into the lock , and cloud of dust swirl in . we hear the moaning of the wind outside . a mobile stairway slide out of the open hatchway , and clunk as it hit the ground . Standard walk out into the storm , follow by the other . exterior - planetoid - day the three man trot down the gangplank to the surface of the planet . they foot sink into a thick layer of dust and loose rock . the man huddle together , look around . the wind scream and tug at they clothes . nothing can be see . standard which way , Sandy ? melkonis be fiddling with a portable direction - finder . melkonis ( point ) that way . standard you lead . melkonis walk into the blind dust cloud , follow closely by the other . standard okay , Martin . we be on we way . interior - bridge - day roby be the sole occupant of the bridge . he be huddle over he console , smoking a cigarette and watch three move blip on a screen . roby okay , chaz , I hear you . I have get you on my board . standard ( over , filter ) good . I be get you clear too . let 's just keep the line open . exterior - planetoid - day the three man plough they way through a limbo of yellow dust and shriek wind . with they rubbery mask and deliberate movement , they look like deep - sea diver at the bottom of a murky ocean . melkonis lead the column , follow the compass on the direction finder . standard ( cont 'd ) can not see more than three meter in any direction out here . we be walk blind , on instrument . they wade on , follow melkonis . abruptly he halt . standard ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? melkonis my signal 's fade . he study the direction finder . interior - bridge - day roby be listen intently to the dialogue from the helmet radio . melkonis ( cont 'd ) ( over , filter ) it 's the dust , it 's interfere ... his concentration be so great that he do not notice hunter coming up behind he . melkonis ( cont 'd ) ( over , filter ) ... hold it , I have get it again . it 's over that way . stand directly behind roby , Hunter speak . hunter what 's happen ? startle out of he wit , roby gasp and whirl around to face Hunter . roby ( startle silly ) Hell ! Hunter stare at roby , whose momentary terror dissolves into embarrassed anger . exterior - planetoid - day the three man push they way through the storm . melkonis stop again , study the direction finder . melkonis it 's close , real close . standard how far ? melkonis we should be almost on top of it . I just can not quite ... suddenly , broussard grab Standard 's arm and point . the other stare in the direction he be point . reverse angle - there point-of -view through the dense cloud of swirl dust we can just barely make out some kind of huge shape . as we watch , the dust clear slightly , revealing a grotesque ship rising from the ship like some gigantic toadstool . it be clearly of non-human manufacture . angle on the men they be strike dumb by the sight of the craft . finally , Standard find he voice . standard Martin , uh , we have find it . roby ( sharply -- over , filter ) found what ? standard it appear to be some sort of spacecraft . we be go to approach it . they start toward the alien ship . interior - bridge - day standard ( cont 'd ) ( over , filter ) there be no sign of life . no light ... no movement ... roby and Hunter be listen with hypnotic concentration . standard ( cont 'd ) ( over , filter ) we be , uh , approach the base . exterior - base of toadstool ship - day a strangely shape door yawn open at the base of the ship . Dust and sand have blow in , fill the lower part of the entrance . with great caution , the man approach the entrance and group around it . standard ( cont 'd ) appear to be a door hang open , the entrance be clogge with debris . broussard look like a derelict . standard Martin , we be go in . I be go to hold the conversation to a minimum from here on . interior - alien ship - day the doorway be a glow geometric blur of light against blackness , spew dust . in the darkness of the chamber be huge , formless shape . Standard , broussard and melkonis appear silhouett against the doorway . they switch on flashlight - like device call " datastick " , and step in . carefully , peer around , they pick they way past the indistinct machinery . melkonis Air lock ? standard who know ? broussard let 's try and find the control room . as they move they light around , they can see that the wall , ceiling , and machinery be full of huge , irregular hole . melkonis look at this hole . this place look like swiss cheese . broussard shine he light up into a huge hole in the ceiling . broussard this hole go up several deck -- look like somebody be fire a military disintegrator in here . they all peer up the hole into darkness . standard climb gear . Standard draw out a stubby spear gun with a graplon attach to it . he aim it up into the hole and fire . the graplon be launch up into darkness , trail a thin wire . there be a dull clunk , and the wire dangle . broussard I will go first . standard no , you will follow I . Standard attaches the wire to a power gear box on he chest , and press a button . with a mechanical whine , he be pull up into the hole , use he foot for leverage where he can . broussard attaches the wire to he own chest unit . interior - control room of alien ship this chamber be totally dark as broussard arrive at the top of the hole . Standard stand with he flashlight / camera ( " datastick " ) trace a beam through the hang dust . broussard unclip himself from the climb wire , then raise he own light . at that moment , melkonis arrive at the top of the hole . there light scan the room . the beam be clearly visible as column of light in the float dust . they reveal heavy , odd shape . broussard stumble over something . he shine he light down on it . it be a large , glossy urn , brown in color , with peculiar marking . broussard stand it upright . it have a round open in the top , and be empty . suddenly , melkonis let out a grunt of shock . they light have illuminate something unspeakably grotesque : a huge alien skeleton , seated in the control chair . they approach the skeleton , they light train on it . it be a grotesque thing , bear no resemblance to the human form . melkonis Holy Christ ... Standard shine he light on the console at which the hideous skeleton be seat . he move he light closer and peer at the panel . standard look at this ... they approach . standard ( cont 'd ) something have be scratch here ... into the veneer . see ? trace raggedly onto the surface of the panel , as by the point of a sharp instrument , be a small triangle : hear something , broussard flash he light across the room . as the beam scan the wall , it briefly touch on something that move . melkonis convulsively yank out he pistol . melkonis look out , it move ! Standard knock he hand down . standard keep away from that gun ! Standard shoulder himself in front of the other . then , slowly , he begin to move toward the far side of the room . they approach a console on the wall , training they light on it . there be a machine . on the machine , a small bar move steadily back and forth , slide noiselessly in its groove . standard ( cont 'd ) just machinery . broussard but function . melkonis look down at he direction finder . melkonis that 's where the transmission be come from . he throw a switch on the direction finder -- with a crackle and a hum , the unearthly voice fill they earphone . broussard a recording . a damned automatic recording . exterior - planetoid - sunset sinister angle on the snark . as we watch , the sunlight turn the color of blood , and then the sun be down , leave murky blackness in its wake . the ring of floodlight on the ship flare into life , feebly combatt the darkness and the storm . interior - multi - purpose room the entire crew be seat around the conference table , watch holographic picture project onto a screen . this be photo take by they " datastick " ( flashlight / camera ) . Standard be comment on the change slide . standard ... this be the control room ... two or three picture click onto the screen in succession , show the suite man stand against bank of machinery . standard ( cont 'd ) ... some detail of the control room ... the skeleton appear on the screen . the man react with mutter . standard ( cont 'd ) ... this be the skeleton ... another view of the skeleton ... the transmit device ... the triangle that be cut into the alien 's console appear . standard ( cont 'd ) ... this be a closeup of the triangle we find scrawle on the console in front of the skeleton ... Standard change the slide . the screen go white . standard ( cont 'd ) ... and that 's it . he turn off the projector and bring the light up . hunter phenomenal . stagger . broussard we have get to go back and take a lot more picture , holograph everything . melkonis and bring back as much physical evidence as possible , too . the rest of the skeleton . some of the machinery . written record , if there be any . roby be slump in he chair . he have say nothing . standard Martin ? roby I agree . this be the single most important discovery in history . standard but ? roby what kill it ? broussard Hell , that thing 's be dead for year . maybe hundred of year . the whole planet 's dead . faust the way I figure it , they land here for repair or something , then they could not take off again . maybe the dust ruin they engine . they set up a s.o.s. beacon , but nobody come . so they die . roby he die . faust what ? roby not they ... he ... they all turn to look in the direction of roby 's nod . camera move over to reveal the alien skull sitting on a table . roby ( cont 'd ) ... there be only one skeleton . there be a moment of silence . standard jay ... how 's it come on the repair ? faust well ... I be go to have to blow the engine out ... standard and when will you be ready to do that ? faust oh -- I be not near ready yet . standard then why the hell be you sit around here ? faust right . the man rise and begin to disperse , but roby remain seat , deep in think , stare at the skull . melkonis linger in the room with he . melkonis and there sit man 's first contact with intelligent life in the universe . exterior - ship - night angle on the ship , its spotlight cut into the gloom . interior - engine room a room throbbing with power , enormous pulsing engine capable of release unimaginable energy . faust have a complicated arrangement set up at the base of one of the engine , with spotlight on it . he be wear goggle and thin glove . faust you ready up there ? interior - bridge - night broussard and melkonis be seat at they console , converse with faust while they watch they instrument . broussard sure , we be ready . interior - engine room faust okay . I be go to start the extraction procedure now . he pause to wipe he brow . interior - multi - purpose room roby be alone in the room , slump into a chair , watch the photographic slide on the screen . he be click slowly through they . he stop on a angle of the skeleton , and stare at it . the alien 's misshapen skull be sit on the table next to he . he pick it up , hold it up to the screen for comparison , and study it . Standard appear in the doorway . standard alas , poor yorick . roby start , put down the skull . Standard sit at the table . standard ( cont 'd ) ( nodd at the screen ) find anything we miss ? roby ( shrug ) I do not even know what I be look for . standard still worried ? roby oh well ... you know I . standard I have always respected you opinion , Martin . if something worry you , it worry I . roby reach over and change the slide , to the one of the crudely drawn triangle on the alien control panel . roby what would you say that be suppose to mean ? standard well ... it 's obviously intentional ... some kind of attempt at communication ... maybe it 's a symbol that mean something to they ... roby but why draw it on the wall ? roby switch off the projector , sit up , and rub he face wearily . he rise and go to the coffee machine . roby ( cont 'd ) ( pick a hair out of the coffeepot ) this ship be full of cat hair . standard tell you what , Martin . as soon as the engine 's fix -- beep ! the communicator interrupt Standard . he lean across and press the button . standard ( cont 'd ) this be chaz . broussard ( over , filter ) chaz , this be dell . can you come topside for a minute ? standard what 's up ? broussard ( over , filter ) well , the sun just come up again , and it seem the wind 's die down . it 's as clear as a bell outside . there 's something I think you ought to see . standard I be on my way . he and roby head for the door . interior - bridge - day broussard be alone in the control room when Standard and roby arrive . standard what be it ? broussard take a look . exterior - ship - day the dust no longer blow . the day be crisp , clear , and silent . interior - bridge - day broussard I be scan the horizon to see what I could pick up . look there , on that screen . standard what be it , I can not -- blip ! broussard enlarge the image . the screen now show a tapering stone pyramid on the horizon . they all stare at the image for a long moment . the silhouette of the pyramid be instantly suggestive of the scrawled triangle in the alien ship . Standard press the nearest communicator and speak into the grille . standard this be chaz . all hand topside . now . interior - bridge - day - a little later angle on a viewscreen . it show the pyramid on the horizon . camera pull back to reveal all the man , sit and stand around the room . standard do not seem much doubt about it , do there ? melkonis that creature sure must have consider it important ... use he last strength to draw it ... broussard maybe they build it . faust as what ? broussard a marker for bury instrumentation ? hunter or a mass grave . broussard maybe the rest of the crew be in there -- in some kind of suspend animation , wait to be rescue . melkonis it be not necessarily build by they . on the screen , a puff of dust blow in front of the pyramid . roby here come the dust again . exterior - ship - day with a shriek , the dust STORM return , completely obscure the snark . interior - bridge - day standard well , do anyone else agree with Martin that we should not explore it ? everyone look around the room , but no one volunteer . standard ( cont 'd ) then the sooner we get move , the better . exterior - planetoid - day long shot of the stone pyramid , dust blow in front of it . it be a crumble , ancient edifice , make of erode grey stone , windowless , taper toward the top . Standard , broussard , and melkonis , wear the protective suit , approach the pyramid . as they draw near , it become clear that the pyramid be roughly 50 foot tall . standard we can not make out any detail or feature yet ... but it 's definitely too regular for a natural formation ... interior - bridge - day roby and Hunter be present . they be listen to Standard 's voice on the radio . standard ( cont 'd ) ( over , filter ) ... there 's one thing I can say for sure though ... buzzzzz ! Standard 's voice be drowned out by static . roby now what 's wrong ? hunter I have completely lose they signal . roby can you get they back ? hunter I be try . exterior - base of pyramid - day the three man come to the base of the massive structure . Dust and sand have pile thickly around the crumble , grey stone that form the base . melkonis this look ancient . standard can not tell -- this weather condition could erode anything , fast . they walk around the base . broussard there 's no entrance . melkonis maybe the entrance be bury . could be under we foot . standard maybe there be no entrance ; the thing may be solid . interior - bridge - day roby well , there ought to be some way we can get through to they -- the intercom beeps . faust 's voice be hear . faust ( over , filter ) sorry to interrupt , but I be gonna charge up the engine for a minute , okay ? roby yeah , okay . go ahead . a loud , powerful throbbing begins , drown out all other sound , as the engine be test . a light on roby 's panel be flashing . we can see that it be the computer alert . irritably , roby throw the switch . roby ( cont 'd ) yes ! computer I have a temporary sequence on the monitor -- roby hold it , I can not hear a damn thing ! he put a earphone to he ear and switch the computer 's voice over . roby ( cont 'd ) go ahead ! there be a pause while roby listen to the computer . his eye widen . roby ( cont 'd ) you mean ... you have translate it ? another pause as he listen to the earphone . roby ( cont 'd ) well come on , come on ! what do it say ? another pause . roby 's face change ; he look chill to the bone . his mouth work . abruptly , the engine shut off , leaving a ringing silence . hunter ( look over at roby ) what ? what be that ? roby the computer just translate the goddamn message . it 's not a s.o.s . it be a warning . exterior - base of pyramid - day broussard maybe we can get in by the top . standard you want to try ? broussard sure . broussard take out the graplon -gun , and fire the hook up toward the top of the pyramid . it catch . he clip himself to the wire . broussard ( cont 'd ) you guy just wait down here till I say it 's okay to come up . broussard turn on the climb device , and begin to walk up the side of the pyramid . ominous angle show broussard climb the pyramid , the dust blow , the wind shriek . exterior - top of pyramid - day the peak of the pyramid be in extreme disrepair . broussard arrive at the top and cling to the jag , crumble stone . broussard there 's a hole at the top . exterior - base of pyramid - day standard can we come up ? broussard ( over , filter ) no , it 's too small , only room enough for one person . standard can you see anything in the hole ? exterior - top of pyramid - day broussard lean over and look into the hole . he see only blackness . freeing one arm , he unclip he datastick from he belt , switch on the " flashlight " function , and shine it down into the hole . broussard I can see ... partway down . it just go down like a stovepipe . smooth wall . I can not see the bottom -- light will not reach . interior - bridge - day faust come trot up the step , a question look on he face . faust yes ? what be it ? roby jay , we have get a problem . I be wonder if there be any way you could shortcut the repair and give we immediate takeoff capability . faust ( quickly ) why , what 's wrong ? roby the computer 's translate the alien signal , and it 's kind of alarming . faust what do you mean ? roby it could not translate the whole thing , only three phrase . I will just read it to you the way I get it : ( read from a strip of paper ) " ... hostile ... survival ... advise do not land ... " ( look up at the other ) and that 's all it could translate . exterior - top of pyramid - day hanging from the lip of the hole , broussard be unclip gear from he belt . standard ( over , filter ) dell , you want to come down , we can figure out where to go from here . broussard no , I want to go in . exterior - base of pyramid - day Standard and melkonis exchange a glance . standard okay , dell , but just for a preliminary look -around . do not unhook yourself from you cable . and be out in less than ten minute . exterior - top of pyramid - day broussard right . broussard have rig a tripod across the mouth of the hole . he unspool a couple foot of wire from the device , and attaches the end of it to he chest unit . he climb over the lip and drop into the hole . he be now hang by the wire , with he head and shoulder out of the hole . broussard ( cont 'd ) okay , I be in the mouth of the chimney now , and I be start down . standard ( over , filter ) take care . broussard activate the climb unit and lower himself down into the hole . interior - pyramid - day brace he foot against the rough stone wall of the vertical tunnel , broussard switch on he datastick and point it down into the depth . the beam penetrate only thirty foot or so , then be lose in darkness . broussard it 's noticeably warmer in here . warm air rise from below . he start down , pay out the line and move down in short hop , push off each time with he foot . he stop to catch he breath . his breathe rasp loudly in he helmet . a little sunlight filter down from above . look up , he can see the mouth of the hole , a glow spot of light . Standard 's voice come over he earphone . standard ( over , filter ) be you okay in there ? broussard ( gasp for breath ) yeah , I be okay . have not hit bottom yet . definitely a column of warm air rise ; it keep the shaft clear of dust . standard ( over , filter ) what be that dell , I lose you , do you read I ? broussard yeah , but this be hard work . can not talk now . he kick off and continue down , take longer and longer hop as he gain confidence . pause for a moment to regain he breath , he shine the light on he instrument . broussard ( cont 'd ) I be way below ground level . exterior - base of pyramid - day standard what would he say ? melkonis I could not make it out -- too much interference . interior - bridge - day roby and Hunter . hunter I be get nowhere . the whole area around the pyramid be dead to transmission . I think we should go after they . roby no . hunter what do you mean , no ? roby we be not go anywhere . hunter but they do not know about the translation ! they could be in danger right now . roby we can not spare the personnel . we have get minimum takeoff capability right now . that 's why chaz leave we on board . hunter why , you chickenshit bastard -- roby just can that crap ! I be in command here till chaz return ! and nobody 's leave this ship ! interior - pyramid - day broussard resume he downward climb . suddenly , he feet lose there purchase as the wall of the shaft disappear . the tunnel have reach its end . below he be a unfathomable , cavernous space . broussard ( huffing and puffing ) tunnel 's go -- cave or something below I -- feel like the tropic in here ; air be warm and humid ... ( consult he instrument ) ... high oxygen content , no dust , it 's completely breathable -- puff with exertion , he release he purchase on the stone wall and begin to lower himself on power . now he be dangle free in darkness , spin slowly on the wire as the chest unit unwind . finally , he foot hit bottom . he grunt in surprise and almost lose he balance . interior - tomb - day broussard be stand on a dusty stone floor , with a feeble column of sunlight shine down around he from the tunnel above . around be solid darkness . he flash he datastick around . the beam reveal that he be in a stone room . strange heiroglyphics be carve into the wall . they have a primitive , religious appearance . row after row of pictogram stretch from floor to ceiling , some epic history in a unknown language . huge religious symbol dominate one wall . space at interval be stylize stone statue , depict grotesque monster , half anthropoid , half octopus . broussard it 's unbelievable ! it 's like some kind of tomb ... some primitive religion ! hey , be anybody there ? do you read I ? Standard ! annoy , broussard yank off he breathe goggle , and leave they hang around he neck . he take a deep breath of the wet air . exterior - base of pyramid - late afternoon Standard and melkonis be stand around nervously . standard if we do not hear from he soon , I think we better go in after he . melkonis Sun will be down in a minute . interior - tomb - late afternoon face bare , broussard approach the center of the room , which be dominate by a large , broad pedestal . on the pedestal be rows of leathery urn or jar , exactly like the one broussard stumbled across in the alien ship -- except these be all sealed . he walk around the urn , study they . they all have seal lid . he shine he light on one of they ; then he lay he glove hand on it . he lift he mask radio to he lip . broussard I do not know if you can hear I , but the place be full of large bottle or jar , just like the one we find on the other ship -- except this be all seal . also they be soft to the touch . he peer more closely at the leathery object . broussard ( cont 'd ) another funny thing -- I just put my hand on it , and now there be this raise area appear where my fingertip be . exterior - base of pyramid - day the SUN drop below the horizon , throw the landscape into gloom . Standard and melkonis switch on they light . standard let 's go . he attaches he chest unit to the wire and start up . interior - tomb - night broussard be move he light along the row of heiroglyphs on the wall . they depict stylize drawing of strange monster . he pause to quickly change the film clip in he datastick ; then he turn back to the " urn " he be examine -- but now there be a hole in the top of it . he shine he light on the floor at the base of the " urn . " there lie the " lid " -- the stopper that have fill the hole . he pick it up and study it . it appear more organic than artificial ; the inside surface be spongy and irregular . then he turn the light to the now-open " urn . " he bend over the mouth of the " urn " shine the light in , and with shocking violence , a SMALL , octopus - like thing leap out and attaches itself to he face , wrapping its tentacles around he head . with a muffled scream , he launch himself backward , tear at the thing with he hand . exterior - top of pyramid - night the dust blow and howl as Standard and melkonis arrive at the top , light bob in the darkness . standard ( puffing with exertion ) here 's he line . we can haul he out of there if we have to . melkonis it will yank he right off he foot if he 's not expect it . the line could get tangle in something . standard but what can we do ? he 's out of radio contact . melkonis maybe we should just wait a few more minute . Standard hesitates , cling to the lip of the hole . standard ( make up he mind ) no , I tell he to be out in ten minute . it 's be much longer . let 's get he out of there . Standard pull himself up and crouch precariously on the edge of the tunnel . he begin to fiddle with the winch mechanism from which broussard 's line dangle . standard ( cont 'd ) the line 's slack . Christ , do you think the idiot unhook himself ? he switch on the winch motor . with a whine , it begin to reel the line in . after a moment , the line tightens with a jerk -- and the motor slow down , labor under the add weight . standard ( cont 'd ) there , it catch ! melkonis be it still come up , or be it hook on something ? standard no , it 's come . melkonis can you see anything ? Standard shine he light down into the hole . standard no , I can not see far enough . the line 's move , though . for a moment , the two man hang to the narrow top of the pyramid , save they strength , while the line reel in and the wind howl . then Standard shine he light back down in . standard ( cont 'd ) I can see he ! here he come ! the winch begin to labor heavily . standard ( cont 'd ) get ready to grab he ! broussard appear at the top of the pit , dangle limply from the wire . Standard reach for he -- then recoil sharply . standard ( cont 'd ) look out ! there 's something on he face ! melkonis attempt to come to he aid . melkonis what be it ? standard do not touch he , watch it ! in they panic and confusion , the man teeter momentarily , finally regain they balance . they shine they light on broussard . he appear to be completely unconscious -- and the octopus thing be still wrapped around he face , motionless . melkonis oh God , oh God no . standard help I -- I be go to try to get it off . with he glove hand , Standard grasp the tentacled mess and try to pull it from broussard 's head . standard ( cont 'd ) it will not come -- it 's stick . melkonis what be it ? standard how the hell should I know ? come on , give I a hand , let 's get he out of there ! the two man grapple with broussard 's limp body , lift he from the hole . interior - bridge - night roby and Hunter be sit moodily , silent . there be a long moment while nothing be say , then : hunter I have get them ! they be back on my screen ! roby ( leap to he foot ) how many ? hunter Three blip ! they be come this way ! roby grab a microphone . roby ( into mike ) hey , can you guy hear I ? standard ( over , filter ) yeah , we hear you ! we be come back ! roby thank Christ ! we lose you ! listen , there 's be a new development -- standard ( over , filter ) can not talk now ; broussard 's injure . we will need some help get he into the ship . roby collapse into a chair , suddenly limp with apprehension . he 's fear something like this all along , and now it have begin to happen . roby ( to himself ) oh no . hunter ( into intercom ) jay , this be cleave ! meet I at the main air lock ! Hunter dash from the room . roby remain where he be , seat at he console . he be stunne , he mind racing . camera move in on he face . interior - corridor outside AIR lock - night Hunter come racing down the step and hurry up to the inner lock door . he press the wall intercom . hunter ( into intercom ) Martin , I be by the inner lock door ! I will wait here for you to let they in ! interior - bridge - night roby ( strangely quiet ) right . interior - corridor outside AIR lock - night faust come run up , cover with grime . faust what the hell 's go on ? hunter do not know -- broussard get hurt somehow . faust hurt ! how ? hunter do not know -- maybe we will be real lucky and he just break he neck . ( a beat ) I know we should not of come down here . interior - bridge - night roby be seat alone in the room , listen to the transmission from Standard and melkonis . standard ( over , filter ) Martin , be you there ? roby lean forward and speak into the microphone . roby here , chaz . standard ( over , filter ) we be come up now , open the outer lock door . roby chaz -- what happen to broussard ? standard ( over , filter ) it 's some kind of organism , it 's attach itself to he . let we in . roby do not reply . standard ( cont 'd ) ( over , filter ) you hear I , Martin ? open the outer door . roby chaz , if it 's a organism , and we let it in , the ship will be infect . standard ( over , filter ) we can not leave he out here , open the door . roby ( urgently ) chaz , listen to I -- we have break every rule of quarantine . if we bring a organism on board , we will not have a single layer of defense leave . standard ( over , filter ) Martin , this be a order ! open the door ! hating it , roby lean forward and throw the switch . interior - corridor outside AIR lock - night a red light go on , on a console on the wall . the whine of a large servo be hear , follow by a solid metallic clunk . hunter Outer door 's open . after a moment , they hear the motor sound again , follow by another clunk . the outer door have close again . the red light go off . the inner door slide open , and Standard and melkonis stagger through , carry the sagging body of broussard . a cloud of choke dust follow they out of the lock . standard ( pull off he mask ) you man stay clear , there 's a parasite on he . Hunter and faust recoil . hunter oh -- God -- oh -- faust be it alive ? standard I do not know but do not touch it . give we a hand here , let 's get he up to the autodoc . Hunter and faust move in carefully to help with the limp burden . interior - infirmary one of they flick on the light as they come shuffle into the medical room , carry broussard . revealed be a rather small cubicle whose wall be line with machinery . the principle item of interest be a mechanize bunk bed , which rest in a cradle and slide in and out of a slot in the wall . standard help I , come on , let 's get he up here . they slide the man onto the bunk . hunter that thing , God almighty , do not you try to get it off he ? standard it would not come . Standard yank off he glove . standard ( cont 'd ) Medical glove . they pull thin elastic glove from a dispenser in the wall , and pull they on . gingerly , they approach broussard . Standard place he hand on the octopus-thing that be slowly pulsing on broussard 's face . he grasp the tentacles in he hand and try to pull it free . standard ( cont 'd ) it 's really on there tight . faust here , let I try . faust take a pair of plier from a rack , and carefully grasp the tip of one of the tentacles . squeeze tightly , he lean back with all he weight . standard ( grab faust 's hand ) stop it , you be tear he face . a trickle of blood begin to ooze down broussard 's cheek . melkonis it 's not come off -- not without he whole face come off too . standard let 's let the machine work on he . efficiently , they strip broussard naked , then Standard press a couple of switch on the wall . the machine light up , and broussard be suck into the slot in the wall . he be visible inside . the machine immediately spray a cloud of disinfectant on he , then sterilize he with a blind pink light . a bank of video monitor pop on , revealing X - ray image of different part of he body . sensor begin to scan , relay chatter . roby appear in the doorway . Standard turn and look at he . for a long moment , the two man regard each other , then standard step forward and slap roby across the face . the other be shocked . hunter hey now , what be this ? standard ask he . roby ( slowly put he hand to he cheek ) I understand why you do that . standard good . melkonis he would not open the lock ; he be go to leave we out there . hunter yeah ... well , maybe he should have . I mean , you bring the goddamn thing in here . maybe you deserve to get slap . faust ( embarrassed ) Excuse I , I have get work to do . faust exit . hunter I keep my mouth pretty much shut , but I do not like hit . roby ( to Standard ) I guess I have it come . let 's call it settle . after a hard stare at roby , Standard give he a curt nod and turn he attention to the machinery . roby ( cont 'd ) ( slowly ) would somebody fill I in ? standard he go into the pyramid alone . we lose radio contact with he . when we pull he out , it be on he face . it will not come off , not without injure he . hunter where do it come from ? melkonis he 's the only one that know that . hunter how do he breathe ? they study the monitor . melkonis blood 's thoroughly oxygenate . hunter yeah , but how ? his nose and mouth be block . standard let 's look inside he head . Standard punch some button , and on the monitor , a kind of X - ray image in vivid color appear , depict broussard 's head and upper torso . the parasite be clearly visible on broussard 's face . in x-ray , the creature be a maze of complicated biology . but the shocking thing be that , in x-ray , we can see that broussard 's jaw be force wide open , and the parasite have extrude some kind of long tube , which be stuffed into he mouth and down he throat , end near he stomach . roby look at that . hunter what be it -- I can not tell anything -- roby it 's some kind of organ -- it 's insert some kind of tube or something down he throat . hunter ( turn sick ) oh ... God ... Hunter bend over and retch . roby I think that 's how it 's get oxygen to he . hunter it do not make any sense . it paralyze he ... put he into a coma ... then keep he alive . melkonis we can not expect to understand a life form like this . we be out of we back yard . thing be different here . hunter well , can not we kill it ? I mean , we can not leave the damn thing on he . melkonis we do not know what might happen if we try to kill it . at least right now it 's keep he alive . hunter how about cut it off ? we can not pull it loose , but we can cut off everything but the bottom layer , where it 's stick to he face . standard you be right ... we can not stand here and do nothing . Standard pick up he dusty breathe mask and pull it over he head . then he pull back on he bulky glove . finally , he press a switch and broussard slide back out of the booth . standard ( cont 'd ) ( muffle in he mask ) somebody give I a scalpel . melkonis take a glitter surgical blade from a slot in the wall , and carefully pass it to Standard . clumsily because of the glove , Standard manipulate the knife in he hand till he have a decent grip on it . then he flick a little button with he thumb . the scalpel begin to hum . Standard advance on the parasite . the other draw back nervously . roby reach over and draw yet a longer blade from the rack , and hold it inconspicuously at he side . Standard bend over the parasite . carefully , he touch the scalpel to the extreme end of one of the tentacles , where it curve toward the back of broussard 's head . effortlessly , the electronic blade slide through the alien tissue . immediately , a urine - like fluid begin to flow from the wound . standard ( cont 'd ) ( muffle ) I have make a incision ... it 's not reacting ... but some kind of yellowish fluid be leak out of the wound ... the noxious -look liquid drip down onto the bedding next to broussard 's head . instantly , it start to hiss , and a thin stream of smoke curl up from the stain . standard ( cont 'd ) ( muffle ) hold it , this stuff 's smoking ! the other react nervously . by now , the yellow fluid have eat a hole through the bunk bed and have drip down onto the floor below . the metal floor begin to bubble and sizzle , and more smoke rise . the man start to cough . melkonis God , that smoke 's poisonous ! hunter ( point ) it 's eat a hole in the floor ! abruptly , the man jostle they way out of the room and huddle in the corridor outside , cough they lung out . Standard , who be mask , remain . frantically , he attempt to put a bandage on the wound , but the fluid instantly melt the bandage , and in the process , some of the stuff get on Standard 's glove . they begin to smoke . frantically Standard leap back , pull off the smoulder glove . then he run out into the corridor and yank off he mask . interior - corridor outside infirmary standard that stuff 's eat right through the metal ! it 's go to eat through the deck and right out through the hull ! by this time Standard have start to run for the stair . interior - corridor in ship follow by the other , Standard frantically clang down the stair to the level below . standard there ! look ! a droplet of the fluid be sizzling on the ceiling . it ooze down and drip to the floor . it bubbles on the floor . melkonis Jesus , what can we put under it ? Standard and Hunter charge down the stair to the level below . interior - level below Standard and Hunter move cautiously down the corridor , look up at the ceiling . standard ( point ) there . should be come through about there . hunter careful , do not get under it ! interior - level above roby and melkonis crouch by the spot on the floor where the acid sizzle . melkonis Christ , that stink . roby fish a pen out of he pocket and probe into the hole in the floor . roby seem to have stop penetrate . Hunter come charge up the step . hunter what 's happen up here ? roby I think it 's fizzle out . Hunter approach and look . roby straighten up , start to put the pen back in he pocket , then change he mind and stand hold it by the end . melkonis I never see anything like that in my life ... except molecular acid . hunter but this thing use it for blood . melkonis Hell of a defense mechanism . you do not dare kill it . Standard come up the stair . standard it 's stop ? melkonis yes , thank heaven . standard we be just plain lucky . that could have go right through the hull -- take week to patch it . melkonis remind I of when I be a kid and the roof leak -- everybody run for the pot and pan . roby my God , what about broussard ? they turn and run up the stair . interior - infirmary they all come into the room ( roby carry the partially melt pen ) . broussard be still motionless on the bunk , with the thing on he face . roby do it get on he ? Standard approach and peer at broussard 's head . standard no , thank God ... just miss he . melkonis be it still drip ? standard ( examine it ) it appear to have heal itself . hunter it make I sick to see he like that . melkonis be not there some way we can get it off he ? standard I do not see how . but let 's do what we can for he . Standard press a button , and broussard slide back into the diagnostic coffin . he press more button , and the display light up again , show different part of broussard 's body . standard ( cont 'd ) I think we would better get some intravenous feed start . God know what that thing be leaching out of he . Standard operate some control , and the machine begin to invade broussard 's body , slide needle into he . roby ( study the screen ) look there , what 's that stain on he lung ? the x-ray reveal a spread dark blot in the vicinity of broussard 's chest . in the center , the stain be completely opaque . melkonis it appear to be a heavy fluid of some sort ... it block the x-ray ... roby that tube must be deposit it in he . melkonis could be some kind of venom , or poison ... hunter this be horrible . roby hey ! what about the film ? standard what film ? roby broussard have film in he datastick , do not he ? we can see what happen to he . interior - multi - purpose room again we be watch slide in the darken room . this time Standard , roby , melkonis , and Hunter be watch the sequence of photograph take automatically by broussard 's datastick as he probe the tomb . the camera reveal the " urn . " the climax of the sequence of still come when the creature leap out of the " urn " toward the camera -- and after that the camera drop to a useless angle and proceed to show a series of meaningless blur . then the reel end . hunter that must have be when he get it . roby the same thing must have happen to the creature on the other ship ... except they take one of that jar on board , and open it there . melkonis ( click back through the slide to a picture of one of the " urn " ) at first I think they be jar too , or artifact anyway . but they be not . they be egg , or spore casing . let 's go back to the heiroglyphics . clicketyclicketyclick -- melkonis accelerate through the slide in a blur , stop at the one he want -- which show a strip of heiroglyphs on the wall of the tomb . standard I personally can not make any sense out of it ... click . click . melkonis be change the slide as they talk , show different angle on the glyph . melkonis it 's a crude symbolic language -- look primitive . hunter you can not tell -- that kind of stuff could represent print circuit ... standard that sound a little fanciful ... melkonis primitive pictorial language be base on common object in the environment , and this can be use as a start point for translation ... roby what common object ? hunter listen , have not somebody better check on broussard ? standard ( rise ) I will do it . the rest of you continue . hunter ( rise ) I will come with you . interior - corridor outside infirmary Standard and Hunter come down the passageway . standard you know , it 's fantastic -- the human race have go this long without ever encounter another advanced life form , and now we run into a veritable zoo . hunter what do you mean ? standard well , that thing out there be not the same , you know -- the spaceship and the pyramid . they be from different culture and different race . that ship just land here -- crash like we do . the pyramid and the thing from it be indigenous . hunter how could anything be indigenous to this asteroid ? it 's dead . standard maybe it be not always dead . they arrive at the infirmary . interior - infirmary the door slide open , and they step into the room . Hunter activate the bed , and it slide out of the wall . there be a long , horrified pause . hunter it 's go . they rush to broussard 's prone form . the parasite be gone from he face . broussard be still unconscious , but he be breathe . he face be cover with sucker mark . hunter now we be in for it . standard the door be close . it must still be in here . they immediately grow very tense . Hunter start edging toward the door . Standard grab he arm . standard ( cont 'd ) no , do not open the door . we do not want it escape . hunter ( very nervous ) well , what the hell good can we do in here ? we can not grab it -- it might jump on we -- standard maybe we can catch it . Standard pick up a stainless steel tray with a lid . standard ( cont 'd ) as long as we be careful not to damage it ... tray in one hand , lid in the other , Standard begin move slowly around the room . there be very few place to hide . he bend down and peer under the bunk . as he be down on he hand and knee , we see one tentacle of the thing , vibrate on a ledge just above standard . he rise , and he shoulder brush the tentacle . the parasite drop to the floor . standard ( leaping back ) shit ! but the thing be not move . it lie motionless on the floor , its tentacles curl up . its color have fade to a dead-look grey . without take he eye off the thing , Standard reach behind he and take a long probe from the wall . he prod the thing ; it do not respond . standard ( cont 'd ) I think it 's dead . with great care , he use the probe to fish the motionless parasite into the tray . then he quickly close the lid . interior - laboratory Standard , roby , and melkonis have the parasite spread -eagle on a stainless steel table , with a bright light on it . it be belly - side up . wearing glove , Standard probe at the thing with a instrument . standard look at this sucker -- no wonder we could not get it off he . roby be that its mouth ? melkonis more likely that organ -- the tube - like thing -- fit up in there . with a pair of needle - nose plier , Standard fish in the fleshy aperture . carefully , he extract the end of the tube-organ . roby ugh . suddenly , it start to fall apart in the plier . standard Quick -- it 's decompose -- gimme something to grab it with ! it begin to smoke and bubble . roby grab a long pair of tong from the wall and thrust they at Standard -- who throw down the plier , snatch the tong and seize the thing in the tong . it be smoulder and drip acid on the floor . standard ( cont 'd ) Christ ! let 's get it out of here ! carry the thing , he head for the door . interior - corridor in ship the man run down the passageway , Standard carry the drip thing in the tong . it leave little smoking droplet on the floor . interior - corridor outside AIR lock they come run up to the airlock . roby stab the button and the inner door slide open . by the time Standard be in the lock , roby be already on the intercom : roby ( shout into intercom ) for chrissake , open the main lock ! interior - AIR lock - day roby stumble in as the inner door close ; and with a heavy whine , the thick surface door rumble open . Orange sunlight billow in , follow by the inevitable dust . Standard hurl the carcass out , tong and all . exterior - base of ship - day the parasite hit the ground and begin to sink into the dust , smoulder and fume . interior - AIR lock - day the outer door roll shut . roby ( slumping against the wall ) my God , it 's lethal even when it 's dead ! melkonis get down on he knee and study the small burn-hole in the floor . Standard open the inner door and step out into the corridor . there , he activate the wall intercom and punch out a combination . interior - corridor outside AIR lock hunter ( over intercom , filter ) yes ? standard how 's broussard ? hunter ( over , filter ) he 's run a fever . standard still unconscious ? hunter ( over , filter ) yes . standard can you do anything for he ? hunter ( over , filter ) the machine will bring he temperature down . his vital function be strong . standard good . he switch off the intercom . standard ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly exhaust ) I need some coffee . he turn and walk away . interior - multi - purpose room the cat be strolling around as roby and melkonis drop into seat ; Standard draw a cup of coffee from the machine . melkonis this day and night cycle be totally disorient . I feel like we have be here for day , but it 's only be how long ? roby ( stroking the cat ) about four hour . standard ( stare into he coffee cup ) I be sorry to say it look like you be right in the first place , Martin . we never should have land here . roby look , I be not try to rub anybody 's nose in anything . the important thing be just to get away from here as fast as possible . standard I can not lean on faust any harder -- he 's be work non- stop on the engine . roby if we know exactly what happen to the being on the other ship -- melkonis we do know that . roby yeah ? melkonis they never make it off the planet . the parasite win . this bring a chilly silence . roby where do the parasite come from ? standard they seem native to the planet . it 's get a atmosphere and a dense gravity . it 's dead now , but once it must have be fertile . melkonis no . it 's just too small to support fauna as big as the parasite . if there be a native ecology , it would have to be microscopic . roby could not the pyramid have be build here by space traveller ? standard too primitive . it 's a pre - technological construction . that slab be engineered by a Iron - Age culture at best . melkonis they be from a dead civilization ; they be spore from a tomb . God know how long they have be here . roby I think we better take another look at that heiroglyphs . suddenly the door open and faust stick he head in . he be cover with dirt and grime . faust hey , guess what ? standard what ? faust the engine be fix . exterior - planetoid - day the snark 's engine cough and then with a roar begin to belch out stream of superheated AIR , cut through the tulgy dust . the ship roar and vibrate like a huge beast , capable of unlimited power . interior - bridge - day they be all at they post . standard switch on tractor beam . there be a hair-tingling electrical hum which permeate the whole ship , and it begin to float , like a cork in water . standard ( cont 'd ) lock tractor beam . the pitch of the hum change , and the ship level itself . standard ( cont 'd ) retract landing strut . exterior - ship - day the ship be hover above the ground on beam of shimmer force . the landing strut fold up under the belly of the ship . interior - bridge - day standard take we up . roby ( into intercom ) up one kilometer , jay . exterior - planetoid - day the snark begin to levitate up into the sky , on the beam of light . interior - bridge - day standard switch on lifter quad . a powerful , deep throbbing begins . the ship vibrate . exterior - " snark " - day the hover snark begin to accelerate through the choke atmosphere . interior - bridge - day standard engage artificial gravity . roby throw a switch , and the ship lurch . roby engage . standard let 's take she into a escape orbit . the man get busy with switch . roby I be alter we vector now ; should give we a easy escape velocity -- a huge tremor run throughout the ship . roby &amp ; melkonis ( in concert ) what be that ? in answer , the communicator beeps . faust ( over , filter ) this dust be get clogge in the intake again ! standard just hold we together till we be in space , that 's all ! the pitch of the engine change , deepen . exterior - sky - day the snark swoops up at a acute angle into the boil cloud . visibility be zero . interior - engine room faust be pull on a gasmask , because the engine chamber be beginning to fill with dust . he turn on a huge exhaust unit which begin to suck up some of the dust . interior - bridge - day on the screen , nothing but cloud . then , another tremor shudder through the ship . the man no longer speak ; they expression be grim , set , and sweat ; they be watch they instrument . periodically they mutter technical instruction to each other . exterior - ship - day abruptly the ship clear the top of the cloud layer and burst out into STAR -sprinkled space , trail a wake of dust behind it . interior - bridge - outer space they all cheer . roby ( pound he panel ) we make it ! damn , we make it ! standard you bet we make it . Martin , set course for irth and accelerate we into stardrive . roby with great pleasure . roby begin to punch button . melkonis I feel like a escapee from Hell . dissolve to : exterior - ship at light speed - later the ship 's speed be so great that there be perceptible movement in the universe all around . there be a strange corona effect which cause the star approach the ship to appear blue , and the recede one to be red . this be redshift , make visible because of they incredible velocity . interior - bridge - outer space they be unstrap . roby that 's the part that always make I feel like I be gonna puke -- when we accelerate into light speed . standard quit complain ; we be in space . they rise and head out of the room . interior - corridor as they walk along . standard I think the best thing to do with broussard be to just freeze he as he be . it will arrest the progress of he disease , and he can get complete medical attention when we get back to the colony . roby we will have to go into quarantine , maybe for quite a while . standard that 's okay , he can remain in hypersleep until they be ready to treat he . they enter the infirmary . interior - infirmary as they enter the room , they be shocked to see broussard sitting up in bed -- awake . broussard ( hoarsely ) ... mouth 's so dry ... can I have some water ... instantly , roby bring he a plastic cup of water . broussard gulp it down in a swallow . broussard ( cont 'd ) more . roby quickly fill a much bigger container and hand it to broussard , who greedily consume the entire thing . then he sag , panting , on the bunk . standard ( softly ) how do you feel , dell ? broussard ( weakly ) wretched . what happen to I ? standard do not you remember ? broussard do not remember nothing . can not hardly remember my name . roby be you in pain ? broussard not exactly , just feel like somebody 's be beat I with rubber hose for about six year . melkonis laugh at this remark . broussard smile faintly at he . standard Hell , you be in great shape , you have get you sense of humor back ! broussard God I be hungry . roby dell , what 's the last thing you can remember ? broussard ... I do not know ... roby do you remember the pyramid ? broussard no . just some horrible dream about smother . where be we ? standard we be go home . we be in hyperspace . melkonis we be go into the freezer now . broussard I be really starve ; can we get some food before we go into the freezer ? standard ( laugh ) I think that 's a pretty reasonable request . interior - multi - purpose room the entire crew be seat around the table , eat huge portion greedily . the cat eat from a dish on the table . hunter Boy do I feel a lot better . it 's a straight shot back to the colony , and then we can start take bid on the paydirt . any bet on the top bid ? faust ( chew ) well , we should at least be able to each buy we own planet . they all chuckle . melkonis I be go to write a book about this expedition . I be go to call it " the snark log . " standard ( stiffly ) the commander normally have first publication rights . melkonis maybe we could write it together . roby first thing I be go to do when we get back be eat some biological food . melkonis what 's the matter , you do not like this stuff ? roby tastes like something you would feed a chicken to make it lay more egg . standard oh it 's okay . I have have better cag than this , but I have have worse too , if you know what I mean . faust I kind of like it . roby you like this shit ? faust it grow on you . roby you know what they make this stuff out of ? faust ( annoyed ) yes , I know what they make it out of , so what ? it 's food now . you be eat it . roby I do not say it be bad for you , it 's just kind of sicken , that 's all . hunter do we have to talk about this kind of crap at the dinner table ? suddenly , unexpectedly , broussard grimace and groans . standard what 's wrong ? broussard ( he voice strain ) I do not know ... I be get this cramp ! the other stare at he in alarm . another groan be tear from he lip . he clutches the edge of the table with he hand , he knuckle whiten . standard breathe deeply . broussard ( scream ) oh GOD it hurt so bad ! roby what dell -- what ? broussard 's face be screw up into a mask of agony , and he be tremble violently from head to foot . broussard ( incoherent shriek ) ohmygooaaaaahhhhh !!! a red smear of blood blossom on the chest of broussard's tunic . there eye be all rivetted to broussard's chest as the fabric of he tunic be ripped OPEN , and a horrible nasty little head the size of a man' fist push out . everybody scream and leap back from the table . the cat spit and bolt . the disgusting little head lunge , come spurting out of broussard 's chest trail a thick , wormlike tail -- splattering fluid and blood -- land in the middle of the dish and food on the table -- and scurries away while the man be stampede for safe ground . when they finally regain control of themselves , it have escape . broussard lie slump in he chair , a huge hole in he chest , spout blood . the dish be scattered and the food be cover with blood and slime . hunter oh , no . oh , no . faust what be that ? what the Christ be that ? melkonis it be grow in he the whole time and he do not even know it ! slowly , they gather around broussard 's gut corpse . roby that thing use he for a incubator ! exterior - ship - outer space a hatch slide open on the side of the ship , and broussard 's wrap body tumble silently out . a electronic bass drum beat a dirge as broussard drift into eternity . interior - corridor the entire remain crew be walk toward the bridge . melkonis we can not go into hypersleep with that thing run around loose . hunter we would be sit duck in the freezer . roby but we can not kill it . if we kill it , it will spill all its body acid right through we hull and out into space . faust shit ... standard we will have to catch it and eject it from the ship . melkonis ( sigh ) well , I kind of hate to point it out , but all we supplies be base on we spend a strictly limited amount of time out of suspend animation ... and as you know , we use up most of that time in harvest . standard we have get about a week leave , right ? hunter and then we run out of food and oxygen . faust the water will still recycle . roby we will not need it then . standard all right , so that 's what we have get . a week . it 's plenty of time . roby but if we have not catch it in a week , then we have to go into the freezer anyway . they enter the bridge . interior - bridge standard so do anybody have any suggestion ? faust we could put on we pressure suit and blow all the air out of the ship . that would kill it . standard no , we can not afford to lose that much oxygen . we be go to have to flush it out . melkonis how ? standard room by room , corridor by corridor . no one like this think . melkonis and what do we do when we find it ? standard we will have to trap it somehow . if we have a really strong piece of net , we could bag it . faust we could cut a section out of that metallite netting . it will not hold up to that acid , but aside from that it 's pretty strong . roby we have to avoid injure it . what we really need be some electric animal prod . hunter I think I could cobble something together . a long metal rod with a battery in it . give it a hell of a shock . standard good . get on it . but first , I be issue a stand order : from this moment forth , every one of we will wear protective garment , include helmet . let 's get down to the locker and change . they start for the exit . exterior - outer space the snark continue on its way through the weird vortex of hyperspace . interior - corridor in ship Standard be walk purposefully along the corridor , alone . he be garment in a unusual outfit which make he look like a riot policeman , include clear plastic helmet . he reach a corner and turn . but this new passageway have a different gravity orientation -- Standard seem to be walk down a vertical wall . he make yet another disorient turn , and now he be walk upside - down . he reach a set of step and climb up they -- or rather , down they . interior - ventral observation dome - view of outer space melkonis be seat in the dome , upside - down , peer down into space . he also wear the protective suit . Standard , upside - down , climb into the dome . it be dark and eerie here , under the star of interstellar space . a few glow panel provide the only illumination . standard I think I would find you here . melkonis I be think of a line from a old poem : " Water , water everywhere , but not a drop to drink . " all that space out there , and we be trap in this ship . standard that 's the one about the albatross , right ? melkonis we can not even radio for help ; the carrier wave would not reach its destination till long after we would die and turn to dust . we be utterly , absolutely alone . can anybody really visualize such a scale of distance ? halfway across creation ... standard we come out there , we will go back . a long time by the clock , but a short time to we . melkonis time and space have no meaning out here . we be live in einsteinian equation . standard I can see you be put you spare time to good use . ( lean forward and tap he on the knee ) let I tell you something : you keep stare at hyperspace for long enough , they will be peel you off a wall . I have see it happen . melkonis ( smile at he ) we be the new pioneer , chaz . we even have we own special disease . standard come on -- let 's go above and see how they be come with the gear . interior - bridge the whole crew have assemble . faust be unfold several yard of shimmer metallic netting . Hunter hand out five thin rod , like metal broom handle . hunter this have portable generator in they . they be insulate down to here -- just be careful not to touch the end . he demonstrate by touch the tip of one of the rod to a metal object . a blue spark leap . faust might even incinerate the damn thing . standard ( sharply ) I hope not . hunter do not worry , it will not damage it , it will just give it a little incentive . standard how do we locate the creature ? faust with this . he pick up a small portable unit . faust ( cont 'd ) track device . you set it to search for a move object ... it have not get much range , but when you get within a certain distance , it start beep . Standard take the device and study it . standard this will be very useful . at least we will not have to go digging around in closet with we bare hand . all right , here 's the battle plan : we be go to break into two team and start systematically cover the ship . whoever find it first , catch it in the net and eject it from the nearest airlock . clear ? roby even simple . Standard shoot he a vicious look , then continue : standard for starter , let 's make sure the bridge be safe . faust take the device and turn it on . he scan it around the room . faust it 's clear . standard all right -- roby and melkonis will go with faust . Hunter and I will make up the second team . they start doling out the equipment . standard ( cont 'd ) we will all carry communicator . we want to keep in constant touch . interior - corridor in ship melkonis and roby carry the net , while faust walk directly behind it , carry the tracking device . he continually scan it from side to side . faust nothing yet ... nothing ... we can move pretty fast as long as there 's nothing on the tracker . interior - other corridor Standard and Hunter move silently along . Standard be force to serve a double function , carry one edge of the net and the tracker as well . interior - corridor roby 's team be move at a fairly brisk pace , when : faust hold it . faust 's tracker be beeping , and a small light flash . faust ( cont 'd ) I have get something . immediately , they grow very tense and start look around . roby where 's it come from ? faust ( peer closely at tracker and frown ) Machine 's screw up , I can not tell . needle 's spin all over the dial . melkonis be it malfunction ? faust turn the tracker on its side , and the needle stabilize . faust no , just confuse . it 's come from below we . they all look down at they foot . interior - maintenance level roby , melkonis , and faust come carefully down a set of crude metal stair , into a drab , functional section of the ship . the corridor in this level be light by row of bare bulb in the ceiling . the effect be ugly and confine . they stop at the foot of the stair and move into position , spread the net across the corridor . roby okay . faust ( look at tracker and nodd down the passageway ) that way . they begin to walk down the passageway , footstep clanging on the raw metal flooring . it be extremely dark . roby what happen to the light ? faust bulb burn out , nobody bother to replace them . they switch on the helmet light . camera follows they around a couple of turning , and then : faust ( cont 'd ) hold it . they all stop quickly , almost stumbling . faust ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) it 's within 4 meter . roby and melkonis heft the net , each keep he prod in hand . faust , prod in one hand and tracker in the other , have the unpleasant job of approach the source of the signal . he move with great care , in a half crouch , ready to leap back at any second , prod extend , constantly glance at the tracker . the tracking device lead he right up to a small hatch or door in one wall . behind he plastic mask , sweat be pour down faust 's face as he set down the tracker and reach for the little door . he raise the prod , grasp the door handle , yank it open , and jam the electric prod inside . with a nerve -shatter squall , a SMALL creature come flying out of the cabinet , eye glaring , claw flashing . instinctively , they throw the net over it , but : roby ( very annoyed ) oh , hold it ! they open the net and release the creature . it be the cat . hiss and spitting , it scamper away . melkonis we be make fool of ourselves ! roby 's communicator beeps . roby ( into communicator ) yes ! standard ( over , filter ) we have get it up here ! it 's trap ! get up here fast ! roby where be you ? standard ( over , filter ) food-storage room ! roby we be come ! they dash for the stair . interior - corridor in ship roby , faust , and melkonis charge down the hallway until they arrive at : interior - corridor outside food storage room Standard and Hunter be wait for they , in hysterics . hunter we see it inside and slam the door on it ! it 's in there now ! on the other side of the door , crashing and banging can be hear . roby what 's it do , have a seizure ? standard it start crash around right after we lock it in . roby now what ? standard I guess we open the door and net it . hunter I hate to open that door . again the thing can be hear crashing around inside . standard it look completely different from the first one -- it 's more like a worm with leg ... and tentacles . faust well we better do something . hunter maybe we do not have to . it 's trap in there . we could just leave it in there all the way back to irth . standard ( snap ) do not be a idiot . faust I know what we can do . we can pump poison gas into the room and kill it . through that ventilator slot there . he indicate a row of slot in the bottom of the door . roby hey , wait a minute ! that 's all we food supplies in there ! we can not pump poison gas all over they ! standard once we kill the thing we will not need the food any more -- we can go straight into hypersleep . also , it sound like that thing be already do a pretty good job on we supplies ; it may be foul they all . roby you win . faust somebody gimme a hand , I will get the stuff . interior - corridor outside food locker - later camera pull back to reveal that they be fasten a large funnel - shape device over the ventilator grill at the bottom of the door . this funnel be attach to a thick hose , which run back to a large metal tank with pressure gauge . standard get that mask on . they pull on gas mask . roby this stuff 's deadly -- I hope we know what we be do . standard go ahead , jay . faust turn on the machine . it begin to throb as it pump the gas through the hose and into the room . immediately , the crashing noise rise in crescendo , and the thing can be heard screeching and squealing . then the sound stop altogether . standard ( cont 'd ) shut it off . faust shut off the pump . roby now what ? standard what do you think ? now we go in . Standard step to the door and open it . a thick cloud of gas billow out . interior - food storage room the room be thick with the poison gas . the man look like insect in they gasmasks . the food package be rip to shred , and foodstuff be scattered all over the floor . faust look like he help himself . carefully , the man poke through the garbage , net and prod raise . then Hunter point . hunter God damn it . they all look where he be point . in the wall , a ventilator grill have be ripped OPEN . hunter ( cont 'd ) it escape . they move to the shred ventilator and shine they light into it . roby where do that go ? faust all over the ship ; we will have to check the chart to know for sure . standard then let 's go and do it . they head for the door . hunter have we get any food at all leave in the ship ? they slam the door shut and seal it . interior - bridge the screen be show they a schematic of the ship 's system of ventilator shaft . faust that one section of the ventilator shaft have only two outlet -- you notice ? the food storage room on one end -- hunter -- and the cool unit on the other . standard so it 's trap in between -- now we have to drive it out . faust poison gas ... hunter we can not pump poison gas down into the cool unit ! it will flood the whole ship ! standard the only other thing I can think of be for somebody to crawl in there and flush it out . roby be you crazy ? standard the man would need protection , obviously -- as well as some way to drive the thing before he . faust how about a flamethrower ? that would not poison the air . melkonis so one of we go into the airshaft and drive the thing along -- standard while the rest of we wait down in the cool unit with the net . hunter sound like a rough one . standard get a better idea ? Hunter shrug . roby so the only question leave be : who get to crawl down the airshaft ? standard let 's be democratic . he tear five small sheet of paper from a pad on he console . on one of they , he draw a large X . then he wad each piece of paper into a tiny little ball . he roll the paperball between he hand and toss they on the table like dice . standard ( cont 'd ) Martin , take one . roby pick one up and unfold it . it be blank . melkonis pick up another and open it . again blank . faust pick up a ball , and Standard immediately pick he own up . they be both blank . they all look at Hunter , who have not yet unfold he . standard ( cont 'd ) open it up , cleave . interior - food storage room Hunter be strapping on a oxygen mask and a flame thrower . faust be help he . finally , faust hand he a tracking device . faust well , uh ... good luck . I hope you will not need I , but if you do , I be here . hunter ( grimly ) right . Hunter turn and climb into the ventilator open , which be just large enough to crawl through . interior - AIR shaft it be completely dark in the shaft . Hunter reach up and turn on he helmet light . then he switch on he radio . hunter hey , do you guy read I down there ? interior - climate control room Standard , melkonis and roby be spread out the net . we hear the hum of huge cool plant , and they hair ruffle . large airshaft run off in different direction . standard yeah , we be get into position . interior - AIR shaft hunter okay , I be start now . he begin to crawl forward into the narrow metal tunnel . he turn a corner . after a couple more tight turn , the tracker suddenly beeps . Hunter twitches . he raise he flamethrower and fire a blast into the darkness . it roar loudly in the confine tube , and the air instantly heat up . smoke drift back into he face . he begin to sweat . interior - climate control room roby point to a large rectangular open in one wall . roby ( point ) there . that 's where it 's get to come out . he throw a switch , and a large metal panel rise and seal off the open . roby ( cont 'd ) that 's a flip - flop gate to channel the air , but we can use it to trap the thing . standard right now let 's keep it close . melkonis be set up a little portable unit with a screen on it . the screen show a section of the ship 's schematic . melkonis I have get Hunter ... and something else as well , in front of he . standard be they close ? melkonis they be on the next level up . standard let 's get move with this net . they lift the net up , hold it in front of the open . interior - AIR shaft Hunter be still crawl on hand and knee . up ahead , he can see that the shaft take a abrupt downward turn . he crawl toward the down angle , then fire another blast from he flamethrower . then he start crawl down , head first . when he be nearly upside - down , the shaft take yet another turn which put he into a nearly impossible position , almost immobilize . then the tracker start beeping like crazy . frantically , he fumble the flamethrower around , but the space be narrow -- it be difficult maneuver . he hear a hissing cry up ahead , and claw scramble on metal . then he have the weapon into position , and spray another lethal flame burst toward the sound . interior - climate control room melkonis be stare at he screen . melkonis they be get pretty close now . standard all right , then -- when it get to the other side of the door , you sing out , then drop the door . okay ? melkonis okay . standard ( to roby ) and you and I will bag it , and then we will take it to the ventral air lock , get it ? roby ( tensely ) uh-huh . interior - AIR shaft Hunter be huddle against a wall of the shaft , clutching the flamethrower . hunter ( whisper ) hey , you guy . interior - climate control room standard ( into communicator ) yes ! interior - AIR shaft hunter ( whisper ) I do not think this shaft go on too much farther ... anyway it 's get pretty hot in here ... interior - climate control room standard ( into communicator ) okay , we screen show you as be near to the open . we will open it up , then we will cue you and you can start blast . that will drive it right out . you do not have to go any farther . interior - AIR shaft hunter good . he ready the flamethrower . interior - climate control room standard okay , get ready . he and roby heft they respective end of the net , crouch to catch the small creature when it dart out . melkonis pick up he electric prod . standard ( cont 'd ) open the vent , Sandy . melkonis reach over and throw the switch . the metal gate drop down , open up the shaft . a six - foot monstrosity stand in the open . ghastly beyond imagination , squamous , cover with tentacles , it hop down like a over - size bird and grab melkonis in razor -sharp tentacles . melkonis let out a horrible shriek , and the thing grab he head in one claw and twist it off like a man pulling the head off a chicken , then throws it to the floor with a audible clunk . clutching melkonis ' body tightly against itself , it turn and bound down the hall . melkonis ' headless body be still kicking and struggling as the monster leap head - first into another AIR shaft . Standard and roby be leave stand in shock . after a moment , Hunter climb out of the shaft . hunter what happen ? where be it ? they break from they paralysis , and run toward the open the creature just leap into . it be another shaft , go down into darkness . standard ( awed ) how do it get so big ? roby by eat we food supplies . hunter where 's melkonis ? interior - food storage room faust be still wait . faust ( into he communicator ) hey , be you guy still there ? what 's go on ? standard ( over , filter ) meet we on the bridge . be careful -- it 's huge now . faust right . faust let himself out of the food storage room and carefully lock the door behind he . interior - corridor Standard , roby and Hunter be rapidly ascend toward the bridge . hunter you mean he body be still kick when it run off with he ? roby it be horrible -- horrible . like a chicken . interior - bridge Standard , roby and Hunter enter and drop into chair . faust follow shortly . they all look blank , stunne . faust what happen ? where 's Sandy ? roby Dead . faust Dead ! roby it 's monstrous -- it grow , like some horrible tapeworm . we be completely unprepare . faust it 's still in the ship ? standard we would better seal off the lower maintenance level ; at least trap it there . ( throw a switch ; circuitry light up ) hunter at least it can not get up here now . roby two down , four to go . standard ( angrily ) what 's that suppose to mean ? roby nothing . hunter listen , it sure do not like this flamethrower . standard that 's right -- we can not kill it on the ship , but we can at least keep it at bay -- and maybe drive it into the air lock . hunter thing be , I be about out of fuel . faust there 's some more combustible fuel down in the storage locker next to the lounge . ( rise ) I will go get it . standard no , I do not want we separate . faust you just seal it off ; it can not get to that section . roby do not count on it . hunter we sure need this flamethrower . standard all right ... but do not go below deck . faust right. ( head for the door ) standard and be right back . faust exit . roby I think it 's time we take a hard look at that heiroglyphs . roby begin to punch button ; the photograph of the heiroglyphics appear on some of the screen . roby ( cont 'd ) can you make out any pattern in all that ? standard ( baffle ) well ... yes ... there 's a pattern ... but it 's meaningless to I . roby I know it look like a senseless jumble , but if you look closely , there be recognizable form . hunter recognizable ! in that ? roby in symbolic form ... very stylize ... but if you stare at it , you can see some of the different creature we have be deal with . hunter well ... I suppose that star-shape thing could be the parasite that get on broussard . be that what you mean ? roby and right next to it , that oval design with the marking -- it 's a dead ringer for the spore casing . standard that next thing there -- six leg , tentacles -- that 's the thing we see in the food locker . roby so the next step should be -- hunter -- the big one . and there it be . out of meaningless geometric symbol on a wall , it have become possible to recognize each stage in the alien 's life cycle . roby this be all the same creature . we be see the different stage in its life -cycle . standard then that tomb ... must have be some kind of fertility temple ... where they store they egg , and maybe hold mate ritual ... hunter ... and broussard get catch in they reproductive cycle . roby you will notice , though , that there be no more phase . only four form be show . after that the pattern repeat . standard which presumably mean ... roby ... more spore come . interior - corridor outside AIR lock faust quickly turn a couple of corner and then come to a abrupt halt when he notice that a door leading to the lower deck have be wrenched off its hinges . he hesitates , uncertain what to do , then there be a SOUND from the direction of the AIR lock ... and the inner lock door be OPEN . faust hesitates and peer into the lock . interior - AIR lock the creature be squatting in the middle of the floor , gnaw on a bloody thigh bone . it do not see faust . interior - corridor outside AIR lock stealthfully , drop back into the shadow , faust press the wall intercom and speak into it . faust ( whisper ) it 's in the lock -- blow the main lock . interior - bridge Standard , roby and Hunter be stare at the picture . the call from faust catch Standard in mid-sentence . standard ( into intercom ) what ? interior - corridor outside AIR lock faust ( whisper ) it 's in the main air lock . blow the lock . interior - bridge Standard hesitates , start to frame a reply -- then change he mind and run to he console -- and throws the switch . interior - AIR lock with a mechanical whine , the inner door start to close . the creature hear it and instantaneously leap out of the lock . interior - corridor outside AIR lock the creature come fly out of the lock and deal faust a back - handed blow , knocking he across the threshold of the AIR lock door . faust scream in mortal agony as the inner door close on he waist , crush he to a thickness of about three inch . on the wall , a green light go on : " inner door close " interior - AIR lock despite the fact that the inner door be still hold open a few inch by faust 's squash body , the outer door begins to slide OPEN . immediately , there be a tremendous scream of escaping AIR . exterior - ship - outer space in dead silence , a thick spurt of steam come out of the open air lock door . this be the ship 's atmosphere freezing as it squirt out into the vacuum under pressure . interior - bridge instantly , a tremendous windstorm start up as the ship 's air be suck out toward the lock . a siren begins to SOUND , and a red light flash : " critical depressurization " after a moment of panic and confusion , roby bolt out of the control room . interior - corridor loose papers and article of furniture hurtle through the passageway , as roby hurry toward the rock , partly run , partly suck along by the air current . exterior - ship - outer space a huge plume of steam grow from the side of the ship , with all kind of tiny loose particle tumble out in it . interior - corridor whipped by the hurricane wind , roby crash to a momentary halt against a wall . as he hesitates there , try to regain he balance , he sees the creature scurry away down another corridor . ignoring the monster , he push off from the wall and start run again . interior - corridor outside AIR lock roby stop himself by grab the edge of a doorway at the end of the hall down from the airlock . here , the wind be really terrific -- he clothes flap on he body and all kind of thing fly by -- the sound be a deafening whistle . instantly , roby start turn a large wheel , which begin to close a slide hatch door , close off the air lock corridor . as the hatch close , the current decrease , then be finally CUT off as he seal it . done in , he collapse to the floor . then he clutches he throat and begin to gasp for breath . because of the thinness of the air , the SOUND level in the ship be very odd -- thin , distant , almost inaudible . roby be gasp loudly , but we can barely hear he ; and he footstep boom thinly like a man walk underwater . interior - corridor clutch he throat , he come across the other -- Standard and Hunter -- and they be all choke , claw at they throat , gasp like fish out of water . they be sweat heavily and they nose bleed . they try to speak to each other , but the sound be so muffle we can only hear distant croak . Standard mumble something and stumble down the hall . the other follow he . interior - MAIN AIR tank room the door burst open and Standard reel in , he footstep pinging thinly on the metal flooring . we see several row of large oxygen tank , all connect by hose to a few petcock . Standard stagger to this and start twist the handle , open they . there be a piercing hiss of escaping AIR , and the SOUND level gradually return to normal as Standard and the other sink to the floor , gasp in the oxygen gratefully . finally they have recover enough to be able to sit up . roby how much oxygen do we lose ? Standard rise unsteadily and peer at the gauge . standard we have get six hour leave . hunter ( groan ) oh my God . standard do anybody know what happen ? roby I see it . faust get himself jamme in the air lock door . his body hold it open . standard can we get to he ? roby no , I have to seal off a whole section . we would lose too much of we remain air if we open the connect door . interior - AIR lock faust 's body , crush in the inner door , float weightlessly in the vacuum . his nose and mouth be crust with huge gob of dry blood . interior - bridge the three survivor -- Standard , roby and Hunter -- slump into chair . the cat emerge from a hide place , yowling with fear . roby ( pick up the cat ) poor kitty ; puss puss puss . standard at least we be rid of the damn monster . it must have be the first thing suck out of the ship . roby no such luck . I see it run down one of the corridor . hunter ( groan ) oh no ! we can not fight this thing ! there 's only six hour of air leave -- we be dead man ! standard I do not buy that . there 's still time to destroy it and get ourselves in the freezer . hunter how ? standard it 's time for drastic remedy . roby it be time for that a couple day ago . standard that kind of remark be pointless . now come on -- I want to hear every suggestion you can come up with , no matter how wild . hunter we can not kill it on board . it 's huge now and must have tremendous amount of that acid in its body . roby I have get a idea , but you be not go to like it . standard let 's hear it . roby okay . first we shut down all the cool system on the stardrive engine . standard that will blow the ship up . roby right ... but it will take a few minute for the engine to overheat and melt down the core . in the meantime , we get in the lifeboat and leave the ship . hunter blow the ship up ? roby and the creature with it . we can make it back to irth in the lifeboat . standard but the lifeboat can not accelerate to light speed . roby do not matter -- we be already at light speed . and when we get back to the colony , they will pick we up in the network . hunter what about all the mineral and element in the cargo hold ? that 's the only reason we come out here . we would have to abandon they all . we would be break . roby we life be more important . anyway , we can take a small amount of the most valuable stuff with we on the lifeboat . standard no , it will not work and I just realize why . there 's only one hypersleep freezer on the lifeboat . only one of we could survive . roby yeah ... I forget . standard but the idea 's good , if we could just turn it around somehow . they think . standard ( cont 'd ) if we could just get the creature into the lifeboat , we could launch it into space and blow it up . hunter good ! that 's good ! standard we can load the lifeboat up with explosive and trigger they remotely , once the lifeboat be in space . roby I think it 's go to be almost impossible to drive it up into the lifeboat . hunter we can use the flamethrower . roby it 's not go to work . standard you can not say that ; I think it 's a good plan . hunter the flamethrower need more fuel . standard right . we have get a lot to accomplish . let 's get move . interior - mining &amp ; cargo BAY the three man come down step into this rather dirty area of the ship . a lot of tool and large item of machinery be store around . long rack of shelve be stocked with metal container of various shape . each container be well pack and label . hunter which explosive should we use ? standard I would suggest the N - 13 stick . they be portable , and they can be radio detonate . Hunter begin to unlock a locker and draw out long , red stick like broomhandle , with tiny printing on they . meanwhile , roby be staring at the rows of metal cannister . he touch one of they . roby you know , it 's funny -- this stuff we go to so much trouble to dig up -- this treasure , the paydirt -- it will make it back to irth just fine -- even if we be not with it . standard here , carry this . Hunter take a armload of the red broomstick , and stumble . roby ( grab at he ) hey watch it ! standard ( grin ) it 's stable ; it do not hurt to drop it . they begin to carry the explosive up the step . interior - corridor the three man be carry they equipment along the hallway , when Hunter 's tracker suddenly beeps . hunter hold it ! they all stop . the tracker beeps again . Hunter put down he stuff and point the tracker around . hunter ( cont 'd ) ( nodd up some step ) up there . they all look at each other . Standard put down he bundle and pick up the flamethrower . roby so what do we do ? do we ignore it and finish load the explosive into the boat -- or do we flush it out now ? standard now . if we can get it into the boat , we will not have to blow it up -- we can just eject it into space . Standard heft the flamethrower and start up the step . interior - dim stairwell Standard 's face be tense as he advance up the circular step . suddenly , a metallic tapping SOUND be hear . he freeze . then he continue up . exterior - dorsal observation dome - view of outer space the view of interstellar space be spectacular . as Standard come up the step , the metallic tapping be hear again . Standard look around . then he see it -- broussard's corpse float outside the glass of the dome . it be tangle in some rigging , and the movement of the machinery cause the cadaver to tap on the glass periodically . standard ( shout ) you can come up ! it 's safe ! the other come up the step . roby ( spying the corpse ) oh -- Jesus -- broussard 's corpse be blue and bloat where the wrapping have tear loose . bump against the glass , he look like he want to come in . standard the ship 's gravitational attraction must have draw he back . hunter ( horrify ) should we go outside and bring he in ? standard no ... the risk be too great . perhaps after we have destroy the thing . glancing back , the man retreat from the observation dome . broussard remain against the glass , peer in with dead eye . interior - nose of ship the floor slope upward slightly here as the corridor funnel in and end in the entrance to a narrow passageway or crawl - way . this passageway connect the nose of the ship with the lifeboat . the three man come up to the entrance to the passageway , carry the equipment . they duck in and walk the short distance to the lifeboat . interior - lifeboat the passageway connect into the rear of the lifeboat . it be a extremely simple , stripped - down vehicle ; even the metal strut and beam - be expose . a single hypersleep freezer take up a fair amount of floor space . it be a escape-craft , nothing more . standard ( point ) along the base of the wall there . they begin to stack the red broomstick against the base of the wall on both side of the lifeboat , and to wire they into position tightly . hunter this should do it . roby I should hope so ! and we would better make sure it 's pretty far from the ship when we blow it . standard it will be . hunter ( survey the craft uneasily ) what we really need be some red meat in here for bait . roby well , if we have some , I would eat it . I be start to get hungry . by this time , they be exite . interior - nose of ship standard well ... now we have to herd that thing up here . hunter ( nervously ) whoever 's do the herding be gonna have they hand pretty full . I think somebody should stay by the lifeboat to slam the door on the thing once it 's inside , and to serve as ... as ... ( search for a word ) roby be not " bait " the word you use ? hunter hey look , somebody have to have he hand free to lock the creature in the lifeboat ! standard yes , and maybe launch the boat and blow it too ... if the other be injure . roby who get the privilege ? insert : three crumpled piece of paper . Three hand pick they up . angle on roby . he unfold he paper , turn it so the other can see it . it have a big X on it . another angle - shortly later . Hunter be show roby a small device like a transistor radio . hunter just keep you finger off the button till she 's way away from the ship , that 's all . roby be it armed ? hunter if you press the button right now , it will blow the whole nose of the ship off . roby thanks for the think . ( put detonator in he breast pocket ) standard all right , Martin , we will be in touch with you on the communicator . roby and you will let I know when you have get it come this way ... standard and you stand aside while we drive it in , then shut the hatch , launch the boat , and -- roby kablooey . Hunter 's face twitches nervously at this . standard come on ; we have not much time , air be a factor . they leave the nose of the ship , Standard carry the flamethrower , Hunter the tracker . roby settles himself at the control , run through they briefly to familiarize himself . use a switch , he open and close the lifeboat door a couple of time . it slam open and shut quite rapidly . he press a few button and set the launch button to " ready . " then standard voice come from the communicator : standard ( over , filter ) we have get something on the tracker ... get to be it , it 's too big for the cat . this be a very spooky scene , roby alone by the lifeboat , listening to the voice on the communicator . hunter ( over , filter ) it 's come from down there . roby hear various tinny sound effect , rustling , clunking , breathe , etc . interior - corridor in ship Standard have the flamethrower at the ready , and Hunter be stare at the tracker . hunter it must have stop move . I be not get anything . standard let I go first ; you stay behind I . carefully , Standard advance down the corridor . then the creature pop out of hiding behind hunter , and pick he up . hunter scream . Standard whirl around , see the thing clutching Hunter . it hold he off to one side , as though to keep Standard from get at he . Standard do not know what to do . hunter the flamethrower ! standard I can not , the acid will pour out ! at that moment the creature take a bite out of hunter , who scream in mortal agony . Standard can take it no longer ; he raise the flamethrower and fire -- but the creature swing hunter around as a shield and hunter catch the full blast of the flame . Standard instantly stop fire , but now Hunter be a kick ball of flame , hold out at arm 's length by the monster . interior - nose of ship roby be listen to all this on the communicator . he can hear the shriek and crash noise . then the communicator go dead , and all he hear be a rush of static . roby hello ? Standard ? Hunter ? he wait quite a while for a response , but we can see from he expression that he expect none . he drop he face into he hand . when he lift he head again , he have manage to summon a certain amount of resolve . interior - corridor in ship roby walk along watch the tracker , carry a pistol in the other hand . he come across Standard 's flamethrower , lie on the floor . he pick it up , substitute it for the pistol . then he continue to follow the tracker ; it take he down the step into the maintenance level . interior - maintenance level roby follow the device for a short distance until it indicate that the source of the signal be directly under he foot . look down , he see that he be stand on a square metal plate . get down on he hand and knee , he remove the heavy plate , revealing a black open with a ladder go down . substitute the tracker for a flashlight , but still carry the flamethrower , roby start down the ladder . interior - dark storage room shine the light around into the darkness , roby descend the metal ladder to the floor . the place be a horrible lair , full of bone , hair , shred of flesh , piece of clothing , and shoe . something move in the darkness -- roby turn he light on it . hanging from the ceiling be a huge cocoon . it appear to be woven from some fine , white , silk - like material , and it be slowly undulate . flamethrower ready , roby approach the cocoon . as he get close enough , he see that the cocoon be semi-transparent and the body of standard be inside it . unexpectedly , Standard 's eye open , and focus on roby -- who jump violently . standard ( a feeble whisper ) kill I ... roby ( sicken ) what do it do to you ? standard ( move he head slightly ) look ... roby turn he light where Standard indicate . another cocoon dangle from the ceiling , but this one look a little different . it be smaller and darker , with a harder shell . in fact , it look almost exactly like the spore in the tomb . standard ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) that be melkonis ... it eat Hunter ... roby ( look around for a tool ) I will get you out of there . standard no ... do not ... roby but I can save you -- get you to the autodoc ! standard no good ... it 's eat too much of I ... roby ( in horror ) what can I do ? standard kill I ... roby stare at he in horror , then bend down and take a closer look at he . reacting , he straighten back up , raise the flamethrower , and spray a molten blast . when the entire room be in flame , he turn and scramble back up the ladder . interior - maintenance level roby drop to he knee and gasp for breath , try not to throw up . at length , he regains control of himself . exterior - outer space - at light speed the snark appear to hang motionless , with planet and star cluster roll past in the infinite distance . interior - bridge roby be put the cat into a metal , vacuum - seal catbox , with a little oxygen tank on it . roby Kitty go bye-bye . he seal the catbox , then turn on the oxygen . there be a faint hiss of pressurize air . Wild -ey , the cat peer out of a little window in front . it yowls . he pick up the pressurize catbox and leave the bridge . interior - mining &amp ; cargo BAY carry the catbox and a shoulder bag ( and of course the flamethrower ) , roby go quickly to the nearest rank of metal cannister . roby ( read from label ) what will it be , Kitty ? here -- how about some tacitum - 35 , ten kilo of it . this will buy we a island on some nice planet . put the invaluable cannister into the shoulder bag , he hurry back up the step . interior - engine room catbox in one hand , flamethrower in the other , roby enter the engine room , contain the massive stardrive engine . he put down he parcel and approach the main control board for the engine . study the instruction , he begin to close switch , one by one . a siren begins to honk throughout the ship . computer attention ! the cool unit for the stardrive engine be not function ! engine will overload in 4 minute , 50 second ! attention ! finally roby close the last switch . shake with nervousness , he hurriedly pick up catbox , bag and flamethrower and hurry out of the engine room . interior - corridor in ship roby hurry on , listen to the siren . computer attention ! engine will overheat and main core will melt in 4 minute , 30 second ! interior - nose of ship roby come hustling up to where the lifeboat be berthe . hand full , he start to enter the connect passageway . interior - connecting passageway the creature be waiting at the other end of the passageway , inside the lifeboat . it hiss and start toward he . interior - nose of ship roby leap out of the passageway , bound to the control , and throw the switch . the hatch door slam shut , lock the thing in the lifeboat . computer attention ! engine will overload in 4 minute ! indecisive , roby stare at the lifeboat " launch " button . the thing can be hear fumble around in the passageway . finally , he turn and bolt back toward the engine room . interior - corridor in ship like a maniac , roby run through the ship , level after level , pound down stairwell , he footstep clanging metallically throughout the ship as he sprint for the engine room . computer attention ! engine will overload in 3 minute , 30 second ! interior - engine room the door crash open and roby come run in . the room be full of smoke and the engine be whining dangerously . it be extremely hot in the room ; roby instantly break out in sweat . he run to control and begin throw back on the cool unit switch . still the siren continue . computer attention ! engine will overload in 3 minute ! roby push a button and speak into it . roby Computer ! I have turn all the cool unit back on ! what 's wrong ? computer the reaction have proceed too far . the core have begin to melt . engine will overload in 2 minute , 35 second . a look of terror come onto roby 's face . he turn and run from the engine room . interior - corridor in ship again , roby must run through all the level of the ship , this time up the stair , exhaust , stumbling , while the computer count down : computer attention ! engine will overload in 2 minute ! interior - nose of ship reeling , gasp for breath , roby stagger into the vestibule where the lifeboat be berthe . he grab the flamethrower and turn it toward the passageway . it be then he realize that the lifeboat door be OPEN again . quickly , he glance around to see if the creature might be behind he . then he advance on the passageway . interior - passageway dripping with sweat , he face a mask of fear , roby enter the passageway , flamethrower grip tightly in he hand . he be goad on by the siren and the computer : computer attention ! engine will explode in 90 second ! he make it all the way to the end of the passageway , then stick he head into the lifeboat . interior - lifeboat he point-of -view as he quickly scan the lifeboat , reveal that it be empty . interior - passageway immediately , he turn and dash back to the head of the passageway . there he grab the catbox and bag , then run back into the lifeboat . computer attention ! engine will explode in 60 second ! interior - lifeboat he come in on the run , hurl the catbox and bag toward the front , and do a dive over the back of the control chair . he be no sooner in the seat than he hit the " launch " button . exterior - nose of ship - outer space the retainer clip drop away , and with a blast of ramjet , the lifeboat be launched away from the " snark . " interior - lifeboat roby be frantically strapping himself in , as the lifeboat accelerate away from the mother ship . exterior - space the tiny pod of the lifeboat accelerate away from the larger bulk of the snark . the scene be strangely serene for such deadly circumstance . interior - lifeboat roby finish strapping himself in , then he reach and grab the catbox . the cat be yowling . roby hug the box to he chest and hunch he head down over it . exterior - space the snark drift ever farther away as the lifeboat leave it behind , until it be barely a point of light . then it blows up . a expanding orange fireball with piece of metal flying in all direction . interior - lifeboat the shockwave hit the escape craft , jolting it and rattling everything inside . then all be quiet . roby unhook himself from he strap , rise , and go to the back of the lifeboat . he stare out through the porthole . his face be bath in orange light . exterior - space what he see be the boil fireball , now fade and fizzling away into nothingness , and a couple of piece of debris float past . interior - lifeboat roby 's expression be mournful as he watch the final obliteration of he ship and friend . behind he , the creature emerge from some hiding place -- it have be inside the lifeboat all along . the cat screech . roby whirl , and find himself face the thing across the length of the boat . it squat , then pull out its trophy -- a man 's arm . it begin to eat the arm , watch roby . his first think be for the flamethrower -- unfortunately , it lie on the floor right next to the monster . next he glance around for any place to hide . his eye fall on a tiny locker contain a space suit , with the door stand open . he begin to edge toward the locker . the creature rise . he freeze . it throw down the arm . with that , roby dive for the open locker door , hurl himself inside , and slam the door shut . interior - spacesuit locker there be a clear glass panel in the door , and the thing put its face right up to the glass , peer in at roby . the locker be so small that roby 's face be only inch away from the creature 's . the sight be disgusting . it turn its head , look at he in curiosity . then the moaning of the cat distract it . interior - lifeboat the creature waddle over to where the pressurize catbox sit . it bend down and peer inside . the cat yowls louder . it pick up the catbox in its tentacles . interior - spacesuit locker try to distract the monster away from the cat , roby tap on the glass . but the monster react so fast that its face be instantly back at the glass , startling the hell out of roby . get no more interference from he , the thing return to the catbox . roby look around . he spy the spacesuit . quickly , he begin to pull it on . interior - lifeboat the creature pick the catbox up in its tentacles and shake it to see if there be anything inside . the cat moan . interior - spacesuit locker roby be halfway into the pressure suit . interior - lifeboat the creature throw the catbox down . it clang , and bounce . the thing pick it up again and hammer it against the wall . then it jam it into a crevice in the wall . with one tentacle , it begin to pound the seal catbox into the crevice . the cat have go beyond hysterics . interior - spacesuit locker roby pull on the helmet , latch it into place , then turn on the oxygen . with a hiss , the suit fill itself . in a rack on the wall be a long metal rod with a blunt rubber tip . roby peel the rubber off , revealing a sharp steel point . again he rap on the glass . interior - lifeboat the creature turn . it face the locker , peer at he . interior - spacesuit locker roby try a little of this , you fuck bastard . he kick the door OPEN . interior - lifeboat the creature rise , but just in time to catch the steel shaft right through its midriff . it make a horrible noise and clutch at the spur . the yellow acid begin to flow from the wound . before the acid can touch the floor , roby reach back and pull a switch -- blowing the rear hatch . in a poof , the tiny atmosphere in the lifeboat be suck out into space -- and the bleed creature along with it . roby grab a steel strut to keep from be suck out , but as the creature pass he it wrap the end of a tentacle around he ankle . exterior - lifeboat - outer space roby be now hang halfway out of the lifeboat , with the thing cling to he leg . he kick at it with he free foot , but it will not let go . interior - lifeboat look for any salvation , roby grab the hatch control lever and yank it . the hatch slam shut , close roby safely inside but trapping the end of the creature's tentacle in the doorjamb . it instantly release roby , who stagger back . exterior - lifeboat - outer space the creature be now outside the lifeboat , in the vacuum , squirming , the tip of its tentacle catch in the close hatch . interior - lifeboat where the tentacle be catch in the hatch , it be wounded , and be start to foam with acid , eat away at the metal . roby stumble forward to the control and push a lever label : " ram jets " exterior - lifeboat - outer space the jet exhaust be locate at the rear of the craft , right where the creature be wriggle . the engine belch flame for a few second , then shut off . incinerated , the creature tumble slowly away into space . interior - lifeboat roby hurry to the rear hatch and look out after the thing . exterior - outer space the burn mass of the monster drift slowly away into space , a writhe , smoking , foam mass . as it tumble into the distance , piece drop off it -- it bloat -- then burst , soggily , send a spray of particle off in all direction . the last we see of it be a few smoulder rag , dwindling into infinity . dissolve to : interior - lifeboat - later the boat be re-pressurize and roby be seat in the control chair . he seem calm and compose , almost cheerful . the cat purr in he lap . roby ( dictating ) ... so it look like I will make it back to the colony on schedule after all . I should be to the frontier in another 250 year or so , and then with a little luck the network will pick I up . I be not as rich as I be a couple day ago -- but I be not exactly break either . incidentally , I do manage to salvage one souvenir out of this whole mess . he reach down into the carry bag he bring on board , and pull out the alien skull . roby ( cont 'd ) poor yorick here should go at least partway toward prove I be not a crank . I wish it be he we would meet in the first place -- thing might have turn out different . he put the skull down on a shelf and lock a glass lid over it . roby ( cont 'd ) this be Martin roby , executive officer , last survivor of the commercial vessel snark , signing off . come on , cat , let 's go to sleep . roby lean forward and switch off the recorder . then he rise and , carry the cat , walk to the hypersleep freezer , which stand open . he climb in and stretch out on he back , hold the cat against he chest . with one hand , he press a switch , and the lid close over he . close - up of the alien skull , watch sentinel over the slumbering roby like some dead , melancholy pixie . exterior - outer space the lifeboat -- snark 2 -- sail away toward its rendezvous with irth , 250 year from now . as snark 2 drift past camera , we suddenly see that a spore pod be adhere to the underbelly of the craft . roll end title &amp ; music . the end