" alien " by James cameron first draft May 28 , 1985 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- alien fade in sometime in the future - space 1 Silent and endless . the star shine like the love of God ... cold and remote . against they drift a tiny chip of technology . closer shot it be the narcissus , lifeboat of the ill-fate star-freighter Nostromo . without interior or run light it seem devoid of life . the ping of a ranging radar grow louder , closer . a shadow engulf the narcissus . searchlight flash on , play over the tiny ship , as a massive dark hull descend toward it . int . narcissus 2 Dark and dormant as a crypt . the searchlight stream in the dusty window . outside , massive metal form can be see descend around the shuttle . like the toll of a bell , a basso profundo clang reverberate through the hull . close on the airlock door Light glare as a cut torch burst through the metal . spark shower into the room . a second torch cut through . they move with machine precision , cut a rectangular path , converge . the torch meet . cut off . the door fall inward revealing a bizarre multi-armed figure . a robot welder . figure enter , backlit and ominous . three men in bio-isolation suit , carry light and equipment . they approach a sarcophaguslike hypersleep capsule , f.g . leader ( filter ) Internal pressure positive . assume nominal hull integrity . hypersleep capsule , style circa late twenty ... his glove hand wipe at on opaque layer of dust on the canopy . angle inside capsule as light stab in where the dust be wipe away , illuminate a woman , she face in peaceful repose . warrant officer ripley , sole survivor of the Nostromo . nestled next to she be jone , the ship 's wayward cat . leader ( voice over ; filter ) light be green . she 's alive . well , there go out salvage , guy . dissolve to : int . hospital room - tight on ripley - gateway station 3 she 's lie in a bed , look want , as a female mo - tech raise the backrest . she be surround by arcane white medical equipment . the med- tech exude practice cheeriness . med-tech why do not I open the viewport ? watch you eye . harsh light flood in as a motorize shield slide into the ceiling , revealing a breathtaking vista . Beyond the sprawling complex of modular habitat , collectively call gateway station , be the curve of earth as see from high orbit . Blue and serene . med-tech and how be we today ? ripley ( weakly ) terrible . med-tech just terrible ? that 's better than yesterday at least . ripley how long have I be on gateway station ? med-tech just a couple of day . do you feel up to a visitor ? ripley shrug , not caring . the door open and a man enter , although ripley see only what he be carry . a familiar large , orange tomcat . ripley Jones ! she grab the cat like a life preserver . ripley ( coo baby - cat talk ) come here jonesy you ugly old moose ... you ugly thing . Jones patiently endure ripley 's embarrassing display , seem none the worse for wear . the visitor sit beside the bed and ripley finally notice he . he be thirtyish and handsome , in a suit that look executive or legal , the tie loosen with study casualness . a smile refer to as " win . " man Nice room . I be burke . Carter burke . I work for the company , but other than that I be a okay guy . glad to see you be feel better . I be tell the weakness and disorientation should pass soon . side effect of the unusually long hypersleep , or something like that . ripley how long be I out there ? they will not tell I anything . burke ( soothing ) well , maybe you should not worry about that just yet . ripley grab he arm , surprising he . ripley how long ? burke gaze at she , thoughtful . burke all right . my instinct say you be strong enough to handle this ... fifty -seven year . ripley be stunne . she seem to deflate , she expression pass through amazement and shock to realization of all she have lose . Friends . family . her world . ripley fifty-seven ...oh , Christ ... burke you would drift right through the core system . it 's blind luck that deep - salvage team catch you when they ... be you all right ? ripley cough suddenly as if choke and she expression become one of dawn horror . burke hand she a glass of water from the nightstand . she slap it away . it shatter with a smash . Jones dive , yowling . ripley grab she chest , struggle as if she be strangling . the med- tech hit a console button . med-tech ( shouting ) code Blue ! 415 . code Blue ! 4-1-5 ! burke and the med-tech be hold ripley 's shoulder as she go into convulsion . a doctor and two tech run in . ripley 's back arch in agony . ripley no...noooo ! they try to restrain she as she thrashes , knock over equipment . her ekg race like mad . Jones , under a cabinet , hiss wide - eye . doctor hold she ... get I a airway , stat ! and fifteen cc 's of ... Jesus ! a explosion of blood beneath the sheet cover she chest ! ripley stare at the shape rising under the sheet . tearing itself out of she . her p.o.v. as the sheet rise . a glimpse of the chitter horror ... it screech . tight on ripley scream , snap up into frame . alone in the darken hospital room . she gasp for breath , clutching pathetically at she chest . there be no dement horror rigging itself out of she . her eye snap about wildly , slowly focus on the reality of she safety . shudder , bath in sweat , she knead she breastbone with the heel of she hand and sob . a video monitor beside the bed snap on . a mo - tech 's face . med-tech bad dream again ? do you want something to help you sleep ? ripley ( faint ) no .. I have sleep enough . the med- tech shrug and switch off . touch a button on the nightstand she open the viewport , revealing gateway and the turquoise Earth . she hug Jones to she and rock with he like a child , still shattered by the nightmare . shiver . sleep be far off . ripley we make it , Jones . we make it . but at what price ? CUT to : ext . park 4 sunlight stream in shaft through a stand of poplar , beyond which a verdant meadow be visible . extreme f.g. Jones stalk toward a bird hopping among fall leave . he leap . and smack into a wall . ripley ( voice over ) dumbshit . wider angle as Jones step back confuse from the high -resolution environmental wall screen , a sort of cinerama video- loop . ripley sit on a bench in what we now see be a atrium off the medical center , still somewhere in the bowel of gateway Station . bench . some unenthusiastic pot tree . the sterile corridor visible beyond glass door b.g . burke enter in he usual mode , casual haste . burke sorry ... I have be run behind all morning . ripley seem healthier now , but still a bit brittle . ripley have they locate my daughter yet ? burke well , I be go to wait until after the inquest ... he open he briefcase , remove a sheet of printer hard copy , include a telestat photo . ripley be she ...? burke ( scan ) amanda ripley - mcclaren . married name , I guess . Age : sixty -six ... at time of death . two year ago . ( look at she ) I be sorry . ripley study the photograph , stunne . the face of a woman in she mid-sixty . it could be anybody . she try to reconcile the face with the little girl she once know . ripley Amy . burke ( read ) Cancer . hmmmm . they still have not lick that one . cremated . interred parkside repository , Little chute , Wisconsin . no child . ripley gaze off , into the pseudo- landscape , into the past . ripley I promise she I would be home for she birthday . her eleventh birthday . I sure miss that one . ( pause ) well ... she have already learn to take my promise with a grain of salt . when it come to flight schedule , anyway . burke nod , a simpatico presence . ripley you always think you can make it up to somebody ... later , you know . but now I never can . I never can . let 's get one thing straight ... ripley can be one tough lady . but the terror , the loss , the emptiness be , in this moment , overwhelming . she cry silently . burke put a reassure hand on she arm . burke ( gently ) the hearing convene at 0930 . you do not want to be late . int . corridor - gateway 5 Elevator door part and ripley emerge , in mid-conversation with burke . dollying ahead of they as they move rapidly down the corridor . ripley you read my deposition ... it 's complete and accurate . burke look , I believe you , but there be go to be some heavyweight in there . you get fed , you get interstellar commerce commission , you get colonial administration , insurance company guy ... ripley I get the picture . burke just tell they what happen . the important thing be to stay cool and unemotional . int . conference room - on ripley - gateway 6 she 's not cool . not unemotional . ripley do you people have earwax , of what ? we have be here three hour . how many different way do you want I to tell the same story ? she face the EIGHT member of the board of inquiry at a long conference table . Gray suit and grim face . they be not buy . behind ripley on a large video screen , parker grin like a goon from he personnel mugshot . his file print out next to it . BRETT 's face and dossier replace it , and then the other as the scene continue ... kane , lambert , ash the android traitor , dallas . van leuwen , the icc representative , steeples he finger and frown . van leuwen look at it from we perspective . you freely admit to detonate the engine of , and thereby destroy , a m-class star-freighter . a rather expensive piece of hardware ... insurance investigator ( dryly ) forty - two million in adjust dollar . that 's minus payload , of course . van leuwen the shuttle 's flight recorder corroborate some element of you account . that the Nostromo set down on lv - 426 , a unsurvey planet , at that time . that repair be make . that it resume its course and be subsequently set for self - destruct . by you . for reason unknown . ripley look , I tell you ... van leuwen it do not , however , contain any entry concern the hostile life form you allegedly pick up . ripley sense the noose tightening . ripley then somebody 's get to it ... doctore the recorder . who have access to it ? the eca ( extrasolar colonization administration ) Representative ( eca rep ) just shake he head . eca rep would you just listen to yourself for one minute . ripley glare at the eca rep , a woman on the ungenerous side of fifty . Van leuwen sigh with exasperation . van leuwen the analysis team which go over you shuttle centimeter by centimeter find no physical evidence of the creature you describe ... ripley ( lose it ) that 's because I blow it out the goddamn airlock ! ( pause ) like I say . insurance man ( to eca rep ) be there any species like this ' hostile organism ' on lv - 426 ? eca rep no . it 's a rock . no indigenous life larger than a simple virus . ripley grit she tooth in frustration . ripley I tell you , it be not indigenous . there be a alien spacecraft there . a derelict ship . we home on its beacon ... eca rep to be perfectly frank , we have survey over three hundred world and no one 's ever report a creature which , use you word ... ( read from ripley 's statement ) ...' gestate in a live human host ' and have ' concentrate molecular acid for blood . ' ripley glance at burke , silent at the far end of the table . his expression be grim . her mouth harden as a bit of the old nail - eat ripley surface . ripley look , I can see where this be go . but I be tell you that thing exist . back on that planetoid be a alien ship and on that ship be thousand of egg . thousands . do you understand ? I suggest you find it , use the flight recorder 's data . find it and deal with it -- before one of you survey team come back with a little surprise ... van leuwen thank you , Officer ripley . that will be ... ripley ( louder , step on he ) ... because just one of that thing manage to kill my entire crew , within twelve hour of hatching ... Van leuwen stand , out of patience . van leuwen thank you , that will be all . ripley stare he down , glower at the board . ripley that 's not all , goddamnit ! if that thing get back here , that will be all . then you can just kiss it good - bye , Jack ! just kiss it goodbye . ripley turn sharply away , tremble with frustration and anger . Dallas look back at she from the video screen , he eye burn from the photograph , as we : CUT to : int . corridor 7 ripley kick the wall next to burke who be get coffee and donut at a vend machine . burke you have they eat out of you hand , kiddo . ripley they have they mind make up before I even go in there . they think I be a head case . burke ( cheerfully ) you be a head case . have a donut . int . conference room - tight on ripley - later 8 Van leuwen clear he throat . van leuwen it be the find of this board of inquiry that warrent Officer ellen ripley , noc - 14672 . have act with questionable judgment and be unfit to hold a icc license as a commercial flight officer . burke watch ripley take it on the chin , white - lipped but subdued . van leuwen Said license be hereby suspend indefinitely . no criminal charge will be file at this time and you be release on own recognizance for a six month period of psychometric probation , to include monthly review by a icc psychiatric tech ... int . corridor 9 dolly back as the conference room door bang open and ripley stride through . she shrug off burke 's restrain arm and catch up to Van leuwen walk down the corridor . ripley ( insistent ) why will not you check out lv - 426 ? van leuwen ( condescendingly ) because I do not have to . the people who live there check it out year ago and they never report and ' hostile organism ' or alien ship . and by the way , they call it acheron now . ripley what be you talk about . what people ? Van leuwen step into a elevator with some other , but ripley hold the door from close . van leuwen terraformers ... planet engineer . it 's what we call a shake and ' bake colony . they set up atmosphere processor to make the air breathable ... big job . take decade . they have already be there over twenty year . peacefully . the door try to close . ripley slam it back . people be get annoyed . ripley how many colonist ? van leuwen sixty , maybe seventy family . ripley ( low ) sweet Jesus . elevator passenger do you mind ? ripley 's hand slide off the door , strengthless . tight on her from inside the elevator as the door close like fate on she lose expression . ext . alien landscape - day 10 a hideous , storm - blast vista . torture rock form . bleak twilight at midday . pan slowly onto a corroded metal sign set in concrete pylon , which read : hadley' hope - pop . 159 " welcome to acheron " some local have add below in spray - can graffiti " have a nice day . " gale -force wind screech around the steel sign , drive a freezing rain . the colony , b.g. , be a squat complex with lot of floodlight . ext . colony complex 11 the town be a cluster of bunkerlike metal and concrete building connect by conduit . neon sign throw garish color across the vaultlike wall , advertising bar and other business . it look like a sodden cross between the krupp munition work and a truckstop casino in the nevada boondock . huge - wheeled tractor crawl toadlike in the rutte " street " and vanish down rampway to underground garage . angle on the control block the large structure . it resemble vaguely the superstructure of a aircraft carrier ... a fly bridge . visible across a half kilometer of barren heath , b.g. , be the massive complex of the nearest atmosphere processor , look like a power plant breed with a active volcano . its fiery glow pulse in the low cloud cover like a steel mill . int . MAIN concourse - near control block 12 a central space , laid out like a scale - down shopping mall with no styling flourish . we see a cross section of the type of people who have come to live on godforsake acheron . tough. pragmatic . " grape of wrath " face . callouse hand . not too many interior decorator . some child race in the corridor on thing that look suspiciously like " Big wheel . " int . operation room - control block 13 jamme with computer terminal , technician , display ... most of the business of run the colony flow through here . it 's high tech but use and scrungy . paper pile up . coffee cup ring . dolly ahead of lydecker , the Assistant Operations manager , as he catch up to the harry operate manager , simpson . lydecker you remember you send some wildcatter out to that plateau , out past the ilium range , a couple day ago ? simpson yeah . what ? lydecker there 's a guy on the horn , mom-and - pop survey team . say he 's home on something and want to know if he claim will be honore . simpson Christ . some honch in a cushy office on Earth say go look at a grid reference in the middle of nowhere , we look . they do not say why , and I do not ask . I do not ask because it take two week to get a answer out here and the answer 's always ' do not ask . ' lydecker so what do I tell this guy ? simpson tell he , as far as I be concerned , he find something it 's he . ext . acheron - the middle of nowhere - a six - wheeled 14 tractor - day it roar across corrugate rock , blast through soggy drift of volcanic ash . int . tractor 15 at the control , intent on a pinging scope , be russ jorden , independent prospector . beside he be he wife / partner anne and in the back they two kid be play among the heavy sampling equipment . jorden ( gloat cackle ) look at this fat , juicy magnetic profile . and it 's mine , mine , mine . anne half mine , dear . newt , they six - year- old daughter , yell from the back ... newt and half mine ! jorden I get too many partner . newt daddy , when be we go back to town ? jorden when we get rich , newt . newt you always say that . I wanna go back . I wanna play ' monster maze . ' her older brother tim stick he jeer face close to hers . tim you cheat too much . newt do not . I be just the best . tim do too ! you go in place we can not fit . newt so ! that 's why I be the best . anne knock it off ! I catch either of you play in the air duct again I will tan you hide . newt Mom . all the kid play it ... jorden ( reverently ) Holy shiiit ! angle through front canopy on a bizarre shape loom ahead . a enormous bonelike mass project upward from the bed of ash . the tractor slow . cante on its side and buckle against a rock outcropping by the lava flow , it be still recognizable as a extraterrestrial ship . bio-mechanoid . nonhuman design . jorden folk , we have score big this time . ext . tractor 16 jorden and Anne step down , wear environment suit . carry light , pack , cameras , test gear . they breath cloud in the chill air . anne you kid stay inside . I mean it ! we will be right back . they trudge toward the alien derelict . anne should not we call in ? jorden let 's wait till we know what to call it in as . anne ( nervous ) how about ' big weird thing ' ? they pause at a twisted gash in the hull . blackness inside . int . / ext . tractor 17 newt have she face press to the glass , steaming it . watch she parent enter the strange ship . Tim grab her from behind . she shriek . tim cheater ! ext . landscape - night 18 the tractor and the derelict be dark and motionless . the wind howl around they . Tim be curl up in the driver 's seat . newt shake he awake , try hard not to cry . newt timmy ... they have be go a long time . Tim consider the night . the wind . the vast landscape . he bite he lip . tim ( quavering ) it will be okay , newt . dad know what he 's do . crash ! newt scream as the door beside she be ripped OPEN . a dark shape lunge inside ! Anne , panting and terrify , grab the dash mike . anne mayday ! mayday ! this be Alpha kilo two four niner call hadley Control . repeat . this be ... as Anne shout the mayday newt look past she , to the ground . Russ jorden lie there inert , drag somehow by Anne from inside the ship . there be something on he face . a appall multilegged creature , pulsing with obscene life . newt begin to scream hysterically , compete with the shriek wind which rise to a crescendo as we : CUT to : int . ripley's apartment - gateway - day 20 silence . ripley , look haggard , sit at a table in the dining alcove contemplate the smoke rise from she cigarette . the place be modest , to be charitable , and there be few personal touch . though it 's late in the day ripley be still wear a robe . the bed be unmade . dish in the sink . Jones prowl across the counter . the wallscreen be on , blaring vapidly . voice from video ( o.s. ) hey , Bob ! I hear you and the family be head off for the colony ! bon ( o.s . ) best decision I ever make , Bill . we will be start a new life from scratch , in a clean world . no crime . no unemployment ... the door buzy . ripley jump like a cat . Jones do not . int . corridor 21 Carter burke stand in the narrow , dingy corridor with lieutenant gorman , Colonial Marine Corps . Young and severe in he officer 's dress - black . the door open slightly . burke hi , ripley . this be Lieutenant Gorman of the ... slam . burke buzze again . talk to the door ... burke ripley we have to talk . ( pause ) they have lose contact with the colony on acheron . the door open . ripley consider the ramification of that . she motion they inside . int . ripley's apartment - a little later 22 burke and Gorman be seat , nursing coffee . ripley pace , very tense . ripley no . there 's no way ! burke hear I out ... ripley I be ream , steam and dry-clean by you guy ... and now you want I to go back out there ? forget it . we see that she 's gut scared , cover it with anger . burke see it . burke look , we do not know what 's go on out there . it may just be a down transmitter . but if it 's not , I want you there ... as a advisor . that 's all . gorman you would not be go in with the troops . I can guarantee you safety . burke this Colonial Marines be some tough hombre , and they be pack state - of - the- art firepower . nothing they can not handle ... right , Lieutenant ? gorman ( cool ) we be train to deal with this kind of situation . ripley ( to burke ) what about you ? what 's you interest in this ? burke well , the corporation co- finance that colony with the Colonial administration , against mineral rights . we be get into a lot of terraforming ... ' Building better world . ' burke be revealing he early day in sale . ripley yeah , yeah . I see the commercial . burke I hear you be work in the cargo dock . ripley ( defensive ) that 's right . burke running loader , forklift , that sort of thing ? ripley ( shrugging ) it 's all I could get . anyway , it keep my mind off of ... everything . day off be worse . burke what if I say I could get you reinstate as a flight officer ? and that the company have agree to pick up you contract ? ripley if I go . burke if you go . ( pause ) it 's a second chance , kiddo . and it will be the best thing in the world for you to face this fear and beat it . you gotta get back on the horse ... ripley ( frosty ) spare I , burke . I have have my psych evaluation this month . burke lean close , a let 's - cut - the-crap intimacy . burke yes , and I have read it . you wake up every night , sheet soaking , the same nightmare over and over ... ripley ( shouting ) no ! the answer be no . now please go . I be sorry . just go , would you . burke nod to Gorman who rise with he . he slip a translucent card onto the table , head for the door . burke think about it . ext . acheron landscape - night 23 as the wind howl through torment rock , build in pitch until we : CUT to : int . apartment 24 ripley lunge into frame with a animal outcry . she clutches she chest , breathe hard . bath in sweat she light a cigarette with tremble hand . do we hear a faint , desolate wind ? tight on phone console as ripley 's hand insert burke 's card into a slot . " stand by " print out on the screen and be replace by burke 's face , bleary with sleep . burke ( on video phone ) yello ? oh , ripley . hi ... ripley burke , just tell I one thing . that you be go out there to kill they . not study . not bring back . just burn they out ... clean ... forever . burke that 's the plan . my word on it . closeup - ripley take a deep slow breath . it 's time to look the demon in the eye . ripley all right . I be in . she punch off before burke reply , before she can change she mind . she turn to Jones sit on the bed and she tone become admonish ... ripley and you my dear , be stay right here . Jones blink , cynical cat eye ... " count I right out . " CUT to : ext . deep space - three week later 25 a empty starfield . Metal spire slice across frame . a mountain of steel follow . a massive military transport ship , the sulaco . Ugly , batter ... functional . int . corridor to cargo lock 26 a empty corridor , seemingly mile long . no movement . the thrumming of hyperdrive engine . int . cargo lock 27 a enormous chamber , cavernous and dark . squatte in the shadow be two orbit-to- surface shuttle . drop -ship . heavy machinery all around they ... crane , load equipment . int . bridge 28 Dark electronic womb . camera dolly slowly among murmure instrumentation . a sudden high - pitch trilling accompany a sequence of light . a alarm . int . hypersleep vault 29 blackness , until a bank of indicator light up . hydraulics lift a grid of equipment from a row of horizontal hypersleep cylinder . it reach the ceiling . lock . close on ripley's capsule as trickle of water run down the frost canopy . dissolve to : int . hypersleep vault 30 lit up , white and sterile . the canopy of the row of capsule be raise . ripley sit up . rub she arm briskly . next to she Gorman and burke be stir and beyond they the trooper , wear short and dog tag . they be : master sergeant apone unit leader corporal hick b-team leader corporal dietrich ( female ) med-tech pfc hudson com -tech pfc vasquez ( female ) ' smart -gun ' operator private drake ' smart -gun ' operator private frost trooper private crowe trooper private wierzbowski trooper corporal ferro ( female ) drop -ship pilot pfc spunkmeyer drop - ship crew chief the ship be fully automated in interstellar flight so there be no crew , except for executive officer ( eca ) Bishop , who supervise planetary maneuver . groans echo across the chamber . spunkmeyer arrgh . I be get too old for this shit . spunkmeyer say this sincerely , though he must have enlist underage not long ago . look surly , drake sit up . he 's young as well but street - tough . nasty scar curling he lip into a sneer . drake they be not payin ' we enough for this . dietrich not enough to have to wake up to you face , drake . drake suck air . hey , hick ... you look like I feel . hick , a older lifer - type who keep he own counsel , just snort good - naturedly . ripley scan the group as they shuffle past she to a bank of locker . though not supermen they be lean and harden ... tough , capable , jade . they combine the specialize techno-combat training of the twenty - first century fight man with that quality universal to " grunt " through the age . sergeant apone move down the row of freezer . hudson this floor 's freezing . apone Christ . I never see such a buncha old woman . you want I to fetch you slipper , Hudson ? hudson would you , Sir ? ripley step back as the trooper shuffle past nodd cursory hellos . she feel isolate by the camaraderie of this tightknit group . vasquez eye she coldly as she pass . like drake , vasquez be young then the rest and she combat-primer be the street in a Los Angeles barrio . she be tough even by the standard of this group . hard -muscle . eye cun and mean . hudson hey , vasquez ... you ever be mistaken for a man ? vasquez no . have you ? she slap drake 's open palm and it clenches into a greeting which be part contest . it get rougher . painful . until she cuff he hard and they break with vicious laughter . doberman play . conscript from juvenile prison , the two of they be train to operate the formidable " smart -gun . " that be part of they bond . bishop be help everyone like a valet . as he pass close to she ripley notice a strange tattoo across the back of he leave hand ... a alpha - numeric code . frost hey , hand job , you take my towel ? spunkmeyer ( overlap ) I need some slack , man . how come they send we straight back out like this ? we get some slack comin ' , man . hick you just get three week . spunkmeyer I mean breathe , not this freeze shit . dietrich yeah , ' top ' ... what about it ? apone you know it be not up to I . ( louder ) awright ! let 's knock off the grabass . first assembly 's in fifteen ... let 's shag it . int . shower 31 High pressure water jet and a blast of hot air when you step out ... a drive through car wash for people . through the swirl steam Hudson , vasquez and ferro be watch ripley dry off . vasquez who 's the fresh meat again ? ferro she 's suppose to be some kinda consultant ... ( exaggerated ) ... she be a alien once . hudson whoooah ! no shit ? I be impressed . apone let 's go ... let 's go . cycle through ! int . mess hall 32 a unconscious segregation take place at the trooper assemble at one long table while Gorman , burke , Bishop and ripley sit at another . everybody be nursing a coffee , wait for egg from the autochef . among the trooper dress discipline be lax ... fatigue customize and emblazon with patch . drake 's tunic be cut off to a vest and have " eat the apple and fuck the Corps " stencile on back . " peace through Superior firepower , " " pray for War " and " I have served my time in Hell : cetti epsilon NC - 104 " be some other . hudson hey , ' top . ' what 's the op ? apone rescue mission . there 's some juicy colonist ' daughter we gotta rescue from virginity . apone be stocky , grizzle , with peregrine eye . he run it loose and fair , but only because he know he people be the best . spunkmeyer Shee -it . dumbass colonist . what 's this crap suppose to be ? wierzbowski cornbread , I think . hey , I would not mind get I some more a that arcturan poontang . remember that time ? hick ( low ) look like that new Lieutenant 's too good to eat with we grunt . wierzbowski ( glance over shoulder ) yeah . get a corn cob up he ass , definitely . across the room , at the other table , Gorman sit with he crease perfect ... the consummate strack nco . Bishop take a seat beside ripley , who pointedly get up and move to the far side of the table . he look wounded . bishop I be sorry you feel that way about synthetics , ripley . ripley spin on burke , she tone accuse . ripley you never say anything about a android be here ! why not ? burke well , it do not occur to I . it 's be policy for year to have a synthetic on board . bishop I prefer the term ' artificial person ' myself . be there a problem ? burke a synthetic malfunction on she last trip out . some death be involved . bishop I be shocked . be it a older model ? burke cyberdyne system 120-a /2. Bishop turn to ripley , very conciliatory . bishop well , that explain it . the a /2' be always a bit twitchy . that could never happen now with out behavioral inhibitor . impossible for I to harm or , by omission of action , allow to be harme a human be . ( smile ) more cornbread ? wham ! ripley knock the plate out of he hand , halfway across the room . ripley just stay away from I , Bishop ! you get that straight ? burke and Gorman exchange glance . wierzbowski , at the next table , shrug and turn back to the other trooper . wierzbowski she do not like the cornbread either . int . ready room - tight on apone - armory 33 bellow . apone tench -hut ! wider angle as the troops snap to from they loung among the rack of high - tech weaponry . Gorman enter with burke and ripley . gorman at ease . I be sorry we do not have time to brief before we leave gateway but ... hudson Sir ? gorman ( annoyed ) yes , hick ? hudson Hudson , sir. he 's hick . gorman what 's the question ? hudson be this go to be a stand - up fight , Sir , on another bug-hunt ? gorman all we know be that there 's still no contact with the colony and that a xenomorph may be involved . wierzbowski a what ? hick ( to wierzbowski ; low ) it 's a bug-hunt . ( louder ) so what be this thing ? Gorman nod to ripley , who stand before the troops . she set some recording diskettes on the table . ripley I have dictate what I know on this . apone tease we a bit . spunkmeyer yeah ... preview . ripley okay . it 's important to understand this organism 's life cycle . it 's actually two creature . the first form hatches from a spore ... a sort of large egg , and attaches itself to its victim . then it inject a embryo , detach and die . it 's essentially a walk sex organ . the -- hudson sound like you , hick . ripley ( control ) the embryo , the second form , host in the victim 's body for several hour . gestating . then it ... ( with difficulty ) ... then it ... emerge . moult . grow rapidly -- vasquez I only need to know one thing . ripley yes ? vasquez where they be . vasquez coolly point she finger , cock she thumb , and blow away a imaginary alien . drake yo! vasquez . kick ass ! vasquez anytime . anywhere . hudson somebody say alien ... she think they say illegal alien and sign up . vasquez fuck you . hudson anytime . anywhere . ripley ( icy ) be I disturbing you conversation Mr. Hudson ? Hudson settles down , smirk . ripley lock eye with vasquez . ripley I hope you be right . I really do . burke ( to all ) I suggest you study the disk ripley have be kind enough to prepare for you . gorman be there any question ? Hudson ? hudson how do I get out of this chicken -shit outfit ? Gorman scowl then , thanking ripley with a nod , take over the predrop briefing . gorman all right . I want this to go smooth and by the number . I want dcs and tactical database assimilation by 0830 . ( some groan ) ordnance load , weapon strip and drop-ship prep detail will have seven hour ... ext . space - acheron 34 they have arrive . from orbit the planet look serene ... pearlescent cloud cover mask the environmental torment beneath . the sulaco float , its maneuvering jets firing . a bluish glow . then twice more , rapidly . int . bridge 35 Bishop be install in he command seat , hemmed in by instrumentation . bishop ( into mike ) attention . this conclude final maneuver operation . thank you for you cooperation . you may resume work . int . loading BAY - tight on massive fork - cargo lock 34 slide into a heavy ordnance rack with a echoing clang . pull back as the rack of tactical missile be lift , revealing two powerful hydraulic arm . spunkmeyer , seat inside a power loader , swing the ordnance up into a belly nacelle of the drop - ship where it lock into place . as he exert pressure with he hand against the servo-controls the hydraulic arm move correspondingly ... but with a thousandfold increase in power . the forklift - style claw on each arm can crush with ton of pressure . the loader have a open roll cage to protect the operator , and be support by squat hydraulic legs which also move correspondingly with the driver 's movement . you have never see anything like this before . Advanced as it be to we , it 's only a old forklift to they ... batter and well use . cover with grease . repainted many time . across the back be stencill " caterpillar . " spunkmeyer 's machine swing out from under the drop-ship and we become aware of the intense activity throughout the cavernous load bay . trooper on foot or drive tow - mower , overhead loading arm ... all in motion . hick check off item on a electronic manifest . int . ready room - armory 37 wierzbowski , drake and vasquez be fieldstripp light weapon with precise movement . around they , in rack , be a arsenal of advanced personal artillery . vasquez like the feel of the gun , the weight ... the authority . her hand move without hesitation . clack . clack . clack . she swing one of the smart - gun out on a work stand . use a body brace and gyro -stabilize support arm , it be a computer - aim , video target automatic weapon . the futuristic equivalent of a .30 caliber light machine gun . sort of a steadicam that kill . int . loading BAY - angle on burke and gorman 38 with pre-flight activity b.g. burke still nothing from the colony ? gorman Dead on all channel . ripley watch the drop-ship be load . a cross between a huey aircobra gunship and the space shuttle might describe it . a orbit-to- surface troop carrier , heavily armed for the close support of ground mission . she watch a six - wheeled apc , armore personnel carrier , be raise hydraulically into the ship 's belly . ripley look around as frost wheel a rack of incomprehensible equipment toward she . frost clear , please . ripley jump aside , nodd apologetically . she turn . step hastily back . Hudson cruise by with a laden forklift . hudson Excuse I . angle on apone stand with hick , as ripley approach he ripley I feel like a fifth wheel here . be there anything I can do ? apone I do not know . be there anything you can do ? ripley ( point ) I can drive that loader . I have get a class two rating . my latest career move . apone turn . a second power loader sit unused in a equipment bay . two shot apone and hick skeptical . consider . tight on power switch as ripley 's finger punch it on . a rising whine of power . tight on the hydraulics as the massive machine stir to life . full , as the loader start . ripley be strapped into the safety cage , she arm and leg insert in the servo-sensor assembly . she take a step . boom ! two ton of harden steel take a step . ripley spin the wrist servos . the huge claw swing , open ... slide smoothly into lift bracket on a cargo module , nearby . she raise it deftly . ripley where you want it ? hick look at apone , cock a eyebrow appreciatively . int . ready room - armory 39 the trooper be suite up for the drop . strap on they bulky combat -armor ... interlock plate like football pad . they tape they wrist . draw on segment boot . the sole cleat clack like hoof on the deck plate . locker slam . web belt . pack . harness . helmet . com -set . they finger move methodically over the fastening . it have its own rhythm ... click . click . click . apone let 's move it , girl ! on the ready line . let 's go , let 's go . int . drop - ship - apc 40 ripley , wear a flight jacket and headset , file into the ship with the hulk trooper . Inside they pass directly into the apc we see load earlier and take seat face each other across a narrow aisle . they will drop already strapped into they ground vehicle for rapid deployment . a klaxon sound , signal depressurization of the cargo lock . Hudson prowl the aisle , he movement predatory and exaggerated . ripley watch he work he way toward she . hudson I be ready , man . ready to get it on . check -it-out . I be the ultimate badass ... state of the badass art . you do not want to fuck with I . hey , ripley , do not worry . I and my squad of ultimate badass will protect you . check-it-out ... he slap the servo-cannon control in the gun BAY above they . hudson independently targett particle - beam phalanx . vwap ! fry half a city with this puppy . we get tactical smart - missle , phase - plasma pulse-rifle , rpg 's . we get sonic eeelectronic ballbreaker , we get nuke , we get knife ... sharp stick -- hick grab Hudson by he battle harness and pull he into a seat . his voice be low , but it carry . hick save it . hudson sure , hick . ripley nod she thanks to hick . motor whine and the craft lurch . burke , next to ripley , grin eagerly like this be a sport fishing trip . burke here we go . she look like she 's in a gas chamber wait for the pellet to drop . ext . sulaco 41 the drop-ship lower from the cargo- lock on a massive launch rig . the night side of acheron yawn below ... enigmatic . int . cockpit 42 ferro and spunkmeyer run rapidly through the switch . ferro initiate release sequencer on my mark . Three . two. one. Mark ! ext . sulaco - drop -ship 43 hydraulic whine . clamp slam back . the ship drop . int . drop - ship - apc 44 apone , stalking the aisle , snatch for a handhold . Bishop , burke and Gorman groan at the sudden gee . ripley close she eye ... the point of no return . ext . drop -ship 45 it scream down through the stratosphere , plunging into dark turbulence . int . cockpit 46 Beyond the canopy be gray limbo . the craft shudder and lurch . ferro ( icy calm ) switch to dcs range . spunkmeyer two-four -o. nominal to profile . pick up some hull ionization . ferro get it . Rough air ahead . int . hold - apc 47 tight on hick asleep in he harness . ferro ( voice over ; filter ) stand by for some chop . tight on gorman as the ship begin to buck , he eye close . pale. sweating . he rub he hand on he knee repeatedly . ripley how may drop be this for you , Lieutenant ? gorman thirty-eight ... simulate . vasquez how many combat drop ? gorman well ...two . Three , include this one . vasquez and drake exchange do - you-believe - this-shit expression . ripley look accusingly at burke . int . cockpit 48 ferro turn on final . come around to a seven-zero-niner . Terminal guidance lock in . where 's the damn beacon ? ext . drop -ship 49 it emerge from the low cloud ceiling . from the twilight haze ahead the distant colony landing beacon become visible . int . hold - apc 50 stumble as the ship pitch , ripley make she way forward to the mobile tactical operation BAY ( mtob ) , a control console line with monitor screen . she join burke watch over Gorman 's shoulder as the Lieutenant play the board like a video director . tight on monitor console revealing screen label with the name of the trooper . two for each soldier . the upper screen show image from the image - intensified video cameras in they helmet . the lower screen be bio - monitor : eeg , ekg , and other graphic life-function readout . other screen show exterior view . gorman let 's see . everybody on line . drake , check you camera . there seem to be a ... close on drake as he whacks himself on the head with a ammo case . a familiar malfunction . gorman ( o.s ) ... that 's better . Pan it around a bit . apone awright . fire-team A. gear up . let 's move . two minute . somebody wake up hick . a clatter of activity as they don backpack and weapon . vasquez and drake buckle on they smart - gun body harness . ripley watch the ap station loom on the exterior screen . ripley that the atmosphere processor ? burke uh-hunh . one of thirty or so , all over the planet . they be completely automated . we manufacture they , by the way . ext . ship - ap station 51 the tiny ship circle the roaring tower . a metal volcano thunder like the engine on God 's lear jet . int . hold - apc 52 Gorman play with the control , zoom the image of the colony . gorman ( to ferro via mike ) hold at forty . slow circle of the complex . ripley the structure seem intact . they have power . on the screen the colony building loom in and the low visibility like wreck of freighter on the sea floor . gorman ( to apone ) okay , let 's do it . apone awright ! I want a nice clean dispersal this time . ripley turn as vasquez squeeze past she . vasquez you stay in here ? ripley you bet . vasquez ( turn away ) figure . gorman ( to ferro via mike ) set down sixty meter this side of the telemetry mast . immediate dust off on my ' clear , ' then stay on station . apone ten second , people . look sharp ! ext . colony complex 53 landing beacon sweep harsh light across the wet tarmac . the ship roar down , extend the load ramp . slam down on hydraulic landing legs . the apc hit the ground a moment later , pull away from the ship as it leap up in a cloud of spray and peel off , circle . the apc pull to the edge of the complex . the crew door open . trooper hit the ground run . spread out . they drop behind immediate cover . apone scan with he image intensifier visor lower . apone's p.o.v. through the starlight - scope visor . Bright as a sunny day , though contrasty and lurid , we see the colony building . trash blow in the street . no other movement . gorman ( voice over ; filter ) first squad up , on line . hick , get yours in a cordon . watch the rear . apone vasquez , take point . let 's move . sprint in a skirmish line , apone 's team advance on the colony main entry - lock . park tightly across the door be two heavy - duty tractor . vasquez reach one of the tractor , look inside . the control be rip out , as if by a crowbar or axe . she move on . ext . colony build 54 vasquez reach the main door , drake flanking on the right . apone try the door control . nothing . apone seal . Hudson , run a bypass . Hudson , all business now , move up and study the door control panel . he pries off the face and start clipping on the bypass wire . apone first squad , assemble on I at the main lock . the wind roar around the bleak structure . a neon sign creak overhead . Hudson make a connection . the door shriek in its track and rumble aside . it jam partway open . apone motion vasquez inside . she ease over the wreck tractor , through the door . the other follow . gorman ( voice over ; filter ) second team , move up . flanking position . int . colony - MAIN concourse 55 dollying slowly forward , follow vasquez and apone as they move into the broad corridor . a few emergency light be still on . wind moan along the concourse . pool of water cover the floor . farther down , rain drip through blast hole in the ceiling . evidence of a fire fight with pulse-rifle . on vasquez move forward . taut. alert . her smart - gun cannon swinging slowly in a arc . she study the video aim monitor , look down rather than ahead . they footstep echo . int . apc 56 ripley watch as the bob image reveal the empty colony building . gorman Quarter and search by twos . second team move inside . hick , take the upper level . use you motion tracker . int . MAIN concourse - second level 57 hick lead he squad up the stairwell to second level . they emerge cautiously . a empty corridor recede into the dim distance . hick unsling a rugge piece of equipment . aim it down the hall . he adjust the " gain . " it remain silent . hick nothing . no movement . they pass room and office . through door they see increase sign of struggle . Furniture overturn . paper scattered ... float sodden in the puddle . int . apc 58 ripley et al watch . burke look like my room in college . nobody laugh . int . second level 59 hick ' group pass several burnt - out room . there be no body . in several office the exterior window be blow out , admit wind and rain . hick pick up a half - eat donut beside a coffee cup overflow with rainwater . int . lower level - quarter 60 apone 's man be search systematically in pair . they pass through the colonist ' modest apartment , little more than cubicle . Hudson , on tracker , flank vasquez as they move forward . Hudson touch a splash of color on the wall . dried blood . his tracker beeps . vasquez whirl , cannon aim . the beeping grow more frequent as Hudson advance toward a half open door . the door be splinter partway out of its frame . hole cause by pulse-rifle round pepper the wall . vasquez ease up to the door . kick it in . tense to fire . Inside , dangle from a piece of flex conduit , a junction - box swing like a pendulum in the wind from a break window . it clank against the rail of a child 's bunkbe as it swing . int . drop - ship - apc 61 ripley watch hick ' monitor . ripley wait ! tell he to ... ( plug in headset jack ) ... hick . back up . Pan leave . there ! tight on monitor as the image shift , revealing a section of wall corrode almost through in a irregular pattern . tight on ripley know what it be . hick ( voice over ; filter ) you see this okay ? look melt . burke raise a eyebrow at ripley . burke hmm . acid for blood . hick ( voice over ; filter ) look like somebody bag they one of ripley 's bad guy here . int . first level 62 Hudson be look at something . hudson hey , if you like that , you be gonna love this ... wider angle show the trooper stand beneath a gape hole . another hole , directly beneath , be at he foot . the acid have melt right down through two level into the maintenance level . revealing pipe , conduit , equipment ... eat away by the ferocious substance . apone second squad ? what 's you status ? hick ( voice over ; filter ) just finish we sweep . nobody home . apone ( to Gorman ) the place be dead , Sir . whatever happen , we miss it . int . apc 63 Gorman turn to the other . gorman all right , the area 's secure . let 's go in and see what they computer can tell we . ( into mike ) first team head for operation . Hudson , see if you can get they cpu on line . hick , meet I at the south lock by the up -link tower ... int . first level 64 gorman ( voice over ) ... we be come in . hudson ( cupping he mike ) he 's come in . I feel safer already . vasquez ( sotto voice ) pendejo jerkoff . ext . colony complex 65 light arc across the dormant building as the apc turn onto the " main drag . " it trundle down the rutte street , throw up sheet of filthy water as the massive wheel hit pondlike pothole . windblown rain lash across the headlight . hick emerge from the south lock just as the apc roll up close to the entrance . the crew - door slide back . Gorman emerge , follow by burke , Bishop , and wierzbowski . burke look back to see ripley stop in the apc doorway , eyeing the ominous colony structure . she meet he eye . shake she head " no . " not ready . hudson ( voice over ; filter ) Sir , the cpu be on-line . gorman okay , stand by in operation . ( to that present ) let 's go . int . apc 66 the crew - door cycle home with a clang . ripley sit in the dark interior , light by the tactical display . the wind howl outside , a incredibly desolate sound . she hug herself . alone. unarm . she know she 's in a tank , but remember the acid . leap up . Hit the door switch . ext . apc - south lock 67 the crew - door open and ripley emerge . in time to see the lock door rumbling close . ripley ( shouting ) burke ! the wind snatch she word away . the crew door whine shut behind she . she walk to the exterior lock door-controls and study they . she punch some unfamiliar button . nothing happen . she look really nervous , alone in the howling wind . she hit another button . the door-motor come to life and she relax a little . glance behind she . and scream ! there 's a face right there ! right at she shoulder . she jump back , gasp for breath . wierzbowski scare you ? ripley Christ , wierzbowski ! wierzbowski sorry . hick say to keep a eye on you . he gesture for she to precede he inside . int . control block corridor 68 ripley catch up with the other as they move into the bowel of the complex . gorman ( to burke ) look like you company can write off its share of this colony . burke ( unconcern ) it 's insure . on ripley as they move along the corridor ... reacting to the fact that she be back in alien country . she see the ravage administration complex . Fire -gutte office . hick notice she look around nervously . he motion to big wierzbowski with he eye and the trooper casually fall in beside she on the other side , rifle at ready . a two - man protective cordon . she glance at hick . he wink , but so fast maybe it 's something in he eye . trooper frost emerge from a side corridor ahead . front Sir , you should check this out ... he lead the way into the corridor . int . corridor 69 this wing be completely without power . the trooper switch on they pack light and the beam illuminate a scene of devastation worse than they have see . her expression reveal that ripley be about to turn and flee . frost right ahead here ... they approach a barricade block the corridor , a hastily weld wall of pipe , steel - plate , outer - door panel . acid hole have slashed through the floor and wall in several place . the metal be scratch and twisted by hideously powerful force , peel back like a soup can on one side . they squeeze through the open . int . medical wing 70 they pack - light play over the devastation of the colonist ' last ditch battle . the equipment of the mo lab have be uproote to add to the barrier . the wall be perforate by pulse-rifle fire and acid . scorch by untend fire to bare metal . a few instrument glow with emergency power . wierzbowski last stand . gorman no body ? frost no , sir. look like it be a helluva fight . tight on ripley transfix by something . ripley ( low ) over there . the other turn and approach , see what she see . she have enter a second room , part of the mo lab area . in a storage alcove at near eye level stand seven transparent cylinder . stasis tube . they glow faintly with a eerie violet light give off by the field which preserve the specimen inside . they look like jar contain severe arthritic hand , the palsie finger curl in a death-rictus . structurally they be more like spider with sicken translucent skin , a flacid scrotal body , gill - like organ underneath drift in the suspension fluid . something you definitely do not want on you face , for example . burke be this the same ...? ripley nod , unable to speak . burke lean closer in fascination . his face almost touch one cylinder , be light by its glow . ripley watch it , burke ... the creature inside lunge suddenly , slamm against the glass . burke jump back . from the palm of the thing 's handlike body emerge a pearl - escent tubule . like a taper piece of intestine , which slither tonguelike over the inside of the glass . then it retract into a sheath between the " gill . " hick ( to burke ) it like you . only two of the creature seem to pulse with life . burke tap the other stasis cylinder but the hand - thing remain inertly clench . burke this be dead . there 's just the two alive . on top of each cylinder be a file folder . ripley take a folder from above one of the live specimen . Inside be a medical chart printout with handwritten entry . ripley ( read ) remove surgically before embryo implantation . subject : marachuk , John L. die during procedure . ( look up ) they kill he get it off . hick poor bastard . they be startle by a loud beep . they turn . hick be intent on he motion tracker , aim back toward the shattered barricade . beep . beep . hick behind we . he gesture at the corridor they just pass through . ripley one of we ? gorman ( into headset ) apone ... where be you people ? anybody in D - block ? apone ( voice over ; filter ) negative . we be all in Operations . vasquez swing the smart - gun to ready position on its support arm , lock it with a authoritative click . she and hick head toward the source of the signal , the other follow . int . corridor 71 hick ' tracker be read out more rapidly . they turn into the kitchen , a stainless steel labyrinth . ripley hang back . then realize there be nothing behind she but darkness . she catch up to the group . int . kitchen 72 the trooper enter , they light bounce around the stainless steel surface . hick it 's move . vasquez be scan , gaze intense . the other troops grip they weapon tightly . vasquez which way ? hick nod toward a complicated array of food processing equipment . they move forward , weapon levele . ripley shuffles forward in the dark . wierzbowski trip over a metal cannister , send it clanging . ripley half climb the wall . hick ' tracker beep steadily . the beep merge . become a solid tone . crash . something move in the dark , toppling a rack of stockpot . on vasquez pivote smoothly to fire . in the same instant hick ' rifle slashes into frame . slam vasquez ' barrel upward . a stream of tracer FIRE rip into the ceiling , the round searing like lightning . vasquez you fuck ! hick ignore she , move past and aim he light under a row of steel cabinet . he gesture to ripley , who step forward . trusting he judgment . she crouch beside he . ripley's p.o.v. light by hick ' pack -light ... a tiny cower figure . a very dirty , very terrify newt jorden . she clutches a plastic food packet in one hand , its top gnaw partway through . in the other hand she grip the head of a large doll , hold it by the hair . just the head . eye stare . newt be pathetically emaciate ... fragile-look as dresden china , she hair tangle and matte . ripley ( soothingly ) come on out . it 's all right ... ripley move toward she , reach slowly under the cabinet . newt back away , tremble visibly , she vision fixate like a rabbit blind by headlight . ripley 's hand almost reach she . the kid bolt like a shot , scuttling along beneath the cabinetry . ripley scramble to follow ... to keep she in sight . crab frantically sideways . hick make a grab , catch one tiny ankle . he snap he hand out a moment later . hick ow ! shit. watchit , she bite . the girl reach a ventilation duct set in the baseboard , its grille kick out . she scramble inside , she tiny body barely fitting , wriggle like a fish . in he bulky armor hick know he will never make it into the tiny duct . ripley dive . she squirm into the duct without think . just ahead she see newt enter a dark space and slam a steel hatch . ripley push the hatch open before the child can latch it , and crawl in after she . newt be back into a cul - de-sac in the tiny steel chamber . ripley shine she light around in amazement . it be a nest . a nest build by a child . wad up blanket and pillow line the space , mix up with a haphazard array of toy , stuffed animal , doll , cheap jewelry , comic book , empty food packet , even a battery operate tape player . all forage from the wreck colony . ripley marvel at the child 's incredible adaptability , the ability to function even in this nightmarish environment . newt edge along the far wall and dive for the hatch . ripley grab she , control she in a bear hug . the kid struggle wildly , like a cat at the vet . eye wide , hand lash out in a frenzy ... but silent . no scream . ripley it 's okay , it 's okay . it 's over ... you be go to be all right now ... it 's okay ... you be safe ... newt go limp , almost catatonic . close on newt' traumatized , vacant stare she lip be white and tremble , she eye track wildly and she flinch from unseen terror . we read a dark nightmare world in she eye . ripley 's light fall on something amidst the debris ... a framed photograph of newt , dress up and smile , a ribbon in she hair . in emboss gold letter underneath it say : first grade citizenship award rebecca jorden int . operation - on newt - manager' office 73 sit huddle in a chair , arm around she knee . look at a point in space . gorman ( o.s . ) what 's she name again ? dietrich ( o.s. ) Rebecca . wider angle revealing Gorman sit in front of she while Dietrich watch the readout from a bio - monitoring cuff wrap around newt 's tiny arm . gorman now think , Rebecca . concentrate . just start at the beginning ... no response . ripley enter , carry a coffee mug . gorman where be you parent ? you have to try ... ripley ( sharply ) Gorman ! give it a rest would you . Gorman stand with a sigh of dismissal . gorman total brain-lock . dietrich ( shrug ) physically she 's okay . borderline malnutrition , but I do not think any permanent damage . she unsnap the bio-monitor cuff . gorman come on , we be waste we time . Gorman and the other exit , leave only ripley with newt . through the window of the office , out on the main floor of the operation room , we see Gorman join burke and Bishop at a computer terminal . ripley kneel beside newt , brush the girl 's unkempt hair out of she eye in a gentle , maternal fashion . ripley here , try this . a little instant hot chocolate . she wrap the child 's hand around the cup . raise it to she lip for she . the girl drink mechanically , spilling down she chin . ripley ( soothing ) poor thing . you do not talk much do you ? that 's okay by I . most people do a lot of talk and they wind up not say very much . she set the cup down and wipe the child 's chin clean . ripley uh oh . I make a clean spot here . now I have do it . guess I will just have to do the whole thing . she pour water from a squeeze bottle onto a small cloth and gently wash the little girl 's face . newt 's eye seem to focus on she for the first time . ripley hard to believe ... there 's a little girl under all this . and a pretty one at that . newt gaze at she . ripley smile . int . operation 74 the ground team be gather around a terminal in the computer center . Hudson have the cpu main computer on - line and read out . tight on monitor screen as a abstract of the main colony ground plan drift across the screen . search . Hudson bashes at the keyboard , he finger dance expertly . burke ( to Gorman ) what 's he scan for ? gorman pdt 's. personal - data transmitter . every adult colonist have one surgically implant . hudson if they be within twenty klick we will read it out here , but so far ...zip . int . office 75 ripley be wash newt 's tiny hand with a cloth , pink skin emerge from black grime . ripley I do not know how you manage to stay alive but you be one brave kid , Rebecca . newt 's voice be almost inaudible . newt n-newt . ripley lean closer . feel like she 's breathe on coal . the sound be incomprehensible . ripley what do you say ? newt newt . my n-name 's newt . nobody call I Rebecca except my dork brother . ripley grin inanely , not want to move or speak ... or break the spell . ripley well , newt it be then . my name 's ripley ... and people call I ripley . ripley pick up she tiny limp hand , shaking it formally . ripley please to meet you . and who be this ? do she have a name ? newt glance at the disembody doll , still clutch in one filthy hand . newt casey . she 's my only friend . ripley what about I ? newt 's reply be flat , neutral . newt I do not want you for a friend . ripley why not ? newt because you will be go soon , like the other . like everybody . you will be dead and you will leave I alone . ripley gaze at she , chill both by the ominous statement and by the situation which could have produce this outlook in a child . ripley oh , newt . you mom and dad go away like that , do not they ? newt nod , stare at she knee . ripley ( soothingly ) they would be here if they could , honey . I know they would . newt ( with cold certainty ) they be dead . ripley newt . look at I ... newt . I will not leave you . I promise . newt you promise ? ripley Cross my heart . newt and hope to die ? ripley smile grimly at the inadvertently macabre expression . ripley ( quietly ) and hope to die . and because she 's a child , the darkest terror , even the one see and not imagine , can still be banish by a smile and a single promise . newt 's eye brim as she gaze at ripley . her lower lip start to tremble , and she face slowly deform into a abject mask . she sob as she clamp she arm around ripley 's neck . the sob come in wave as ripley rock she , tear of suppress terror and grief and hurt roll down she face . it be a breakthrough . ripley close she eye , hope that this promise can be keep . int . operation 76 everyone jump as Hudson cry out triumphantly . hudson hah ! stop you grinnin ' and drop you linen ! found them . gorman alive ? hudson unknown . but , it look like all of they . over at the processing station ... sublevel ' C ' under the south tower . tight on screen show a amoebalike cluster of flash blue dot clump tightly in one area . hick look like a goddamn town meeting . gorman let 's saddle up . apone awright , let 's go girl , they be not payin ' we by the hour . ext . acheron - twilight 77 the apc roar across the stygian landscape , traversing the causeway which connect the colony to the atmosphere station a kilometer away . behind it the drop-ship settles to the ground at the colony landing field . pan with the apc to reveal the massive structure . like a vast foundry the conical exhaust tower flicker with spectral light . int . apc 78 the trooper sit , more subdued now , sway and bounce in the heavily sprung vehicle . wierzbowski be in the saddle . ripley and newt sit side by side just aft of the driver 's cockpit . newt I be the best at the game . I know the whole maze . ripley the ' maze ' ? you mean the air duct ? newt yeah , you know . in the wall , under the floor . I be the ace . I could hide better than anybody . ripley you be really something , ace . ripley 's gaze shift out the windshield as the processing station loom ahead . ext . apc / station 79 the vast structure tower above the park personnel carrier . deploy in front of the apc , backlit by its light , the trooper cast long shadow . they look ominous . hulk techno-samurai . the base of the station be a depthless maze of conduit and pressure vessel , like a oil refinery . or a dantean version of one . the thrum of function machine system echoe through the labyrinth . gorman ( voice over ; static ) forty meter in . ramp on axial two -two . access to sublevel . the trooper start down the open rampway . Light filter down through several level of steel mesh floor , catwalk and pipe . below that be darkness . gorman ( voice over ; static ) b-level . next one down . the thrumm of machine grow louder as they descend . int . apc 80 huddle around the screen be ripley , burke and Gorman . newt squeeze in from behind . Gorman be do he video wizard bit , dance on the button . gorman ( to team ) we be not make that out too well . what be it ? hudson ( voice over ; static ) you tell I . I only work here . int . complex 81 the group stand before a bizarre tableau . among the refinerylike lattice of pipe and conduit something new and not of human design have be add . it be a structure of some sort , extend from and crudely imitate the complex of plumbing , but make of some strange encrust substance . it vaguely resemble the chamber nest of swallow on a much larger scale , and it attenuate so gradually into the original hardware that it be hard to see where one end and the other begin . the alien structure seem to extend far back into the complex of machinery . the plant thrum loudly , its function seemingly not impair . int . apc 82 ripley stare at the scene in dread fascination . gorman what be it ? ripley I do not know . gorman ( to team ) proceed inside . int . alien structure 83 they enter the organic labyrinth , play they light over the wall . revealing a bio -mechanical lattice , like the marrow of some vast bone . the air be thick with steam . trickle water . the place seem almost alive . int . apc 84 they watch in various helmet - camera p.o.v. 's of the wall detail . ripley ( low ) oh God ... close on video as it pan slowly ... revealing a bas-relief of detritus from the colony : furniture , wiring , human bone , skull ... fuse together with a translucent , epoxylike substance . dietrich ( voice over ; static ) look like some sort of secrete resin . gorman they rip apart the colony for building material . ripley and the colonist ... when they be do with they . ( turn ) newt , you better go sit up front . go on . int . alien structure 85 steam swirl around they as the trooper move deeper inside . frost hotter and hell in here . hudson yeah ... but it 's a dry heat . int . apc 86 ripley lean forward suddenly , study the graphic readout of the station ground plan . ripley they be right under the primary heat exchanger . burke yeah ? maybe the organism like the heat , that 's why they build ... ripley that 's not what I mean . Gorman , if you man have to use they weapon in there , they will rupture the cool system . burke ( realize ) she 's right . gorman so. ripley so ... then the fusion containment shut down . gorman ( impatient ) so? so ? burke we be talk thermonuclear explosion . gorman shit. ( into mike ) apone , collect magazine from everybody . we can not have any fire in there . int . alien structure 87 the trooper look at each other in dismay . wierzbowski be he fuck crazy ? hudson what be we suppose to use , man ? harsh language ? gorman ( voice over ; static ) flame-units only . I want rifle sling . apone let 's go . pull them out . he walk among the trooper , collect the magazine from each one 's weapon . vasquez turn hers over reluctantly . the three who be carry they get out small incinerator unit . when apone move on , vasquez slip a spare magazine from concealment and insert it in she weapon . drake do the same . hick hang back in the shadow . he open a cylindrical sheath attach to he battle-harness . slide out a old style pump twelve - gauge with a saw - off butt stock . Chambers a round . hick ( low , to Hudson ) I always keep this handy . for close encounter . apone ( o.s. ) let 's move . hick , back we up . int . larger chamber 88 the air be thick . light flare . gorman ( voice over ; very faint ) any movement ? Hudson watch he tracker , scan . hudson nothing . Zip . apone stop , he expression change . they face a wall of live horror . the colonist have be bring here and entombed alive ... cocoon protrude from the nich and interstice of the structure . the cocoon material be the same translucent epoxy . the body be freeze in carelessly twisted position . macabre image of freeze agony . many be disiccate . skeletal . rip-cages burst outward , as if explode from within . paralyze , bring here , entombed in live death as host for the embryos grow within then . Dietrich move close to examine one of the figure , perhaps the most " recent . " a woman , ghost - white and drain . the woman' eye SNAP OPEN ... they seem to plead . dietrich Sir ! the woman 's lip move feebly . woman please ... God ... kill I . int . apc 89 ripley watch the woman , white knuckle . the sound of retching come over the general frequency . int . cocoon chamber 90 the woman begin to convulse . she scream , a saw shriek of mindless agony . apone flame thrower ! move ! frost hand it to he . suddenly , the woman 's chest explode in a gout of blood . a SMALL fanged head emerge , hissing viciously . apone pull the trigger . then the other trooper carry flame thrower open fire . a orgy of purging fire . the cocoon vanish in the shimmer heat . a shrill screeching begin , like a siren make from fingernails on blackboard . angle on wall as something begin to emerge . dimly glimpse , a glisten bio-mechanoid creature larger then a man . lying dormant , it have blend perfectly with the convolute surface of fuse bone . the trooper do not see it . smoke from the burn cocoon quickly fill the confine space . visibility drop to zero . hudson Movement ! apone position ? hudson can not lock up ... apone ( with a edge ) talk to I , Hudson . hudson uh , seem to be in front and behind . int . apc 91 Gorman be plate with the gain control on the monitor . gorman we can not see anything back here , apone . what 's go on ? ripley sense it come , like a wave at night . Dark , terrifying and inevitable . ripley ( low ) pull you team out , Gorman . int . cocoon chamber - tight on several wall and 92 ceiling niches as they come alive . bonelike , tubelike shape shift , become emerge alien . dimly glimpse ... glint of slime . silhouettes . apone go to infrared . look sharp people ! the squad member snap down they image- intersifier visor . hudson multiple signal . all round . close . Dietrich turn to retreat , she flamethrower hold tightly . a nightmarish silhouette materialize out of the smoke behind she ! it strike like lightning . seize her . she fire reflexively , wild . the jet of flame engulf frost nearby . apone spin as the double scream . can not see anything in the think smoke . int . apc 93 ripley watch frost 's monitor go black . his bio-readouts flatten . the other screen show glimpsis of shimmer infrared silhouettes of the alien , the image bob and pan confusedly . int . cocoon chamber 94 vasquez nod to drake with grim satisfaction . vasquez let 's rock . they OPEN up simultaneously , lighting up the smoke like welder ' arc . gorman ( voice over ; static ) who 's fire ? I order a hold fire , dammit ! vasquez rip off she headset . she be rivete to the targett screen , move ferret - quick in a pivote dance . Thunder and lightning . better than sex for she . flash -crack ! a alien screech from the darkness . int . apc 95 the battle of phantom unfold on the video screen . ripley flinch as another scream come over the open frequency . wierzbowski 's monitor break up . his life sign plummet . voice blend and overlap . hudson ( voice over ) let 's get the fuck out of here ! hick ( voice over ) not that tunnel , the other one ! crowe ( voice over ) you sure ? watch it ... behind you . Fucking move , will you ! Gorman be ashen . confused . gulping for air like a grouper . how could the situation have unravelle so fast ? ripley ( to Gorman ) get they out of there ! do it now ! gorman shut up . just shut up ! crash ! crowe 's telemetry cut off like the plug be pull . flat line . gorman uh , ... apone , I want you to lay down a suppress fire with the incinerator and fall back by squad to the apc , over . apone ( voice over ; heavy static ) say again ? all after incinerator ? ripley watch it fall apart . gorman I say ... int . cocoon chamber 96 apone adjust he headset . gorman ( voice over ; static ) ... lay down ( garble ) ...by squad to ... ( garble ) Gorman 's voice break up completely . a scream . apone whirl , uncertain . apone Dietrich ? crowe ? sound off ! wierzbowski ? nothing . he spin . almost blow Hudson 's head off . hudson ( freak ) we be get juke ! we be gonna die in here ! apone hand he a magazine . Hudson slap it home , look truly terrify . apone yeah . right . right ! fuck the heat exchanger ! he fire . vasquez , nearby , be lay down a horrendous field of fire . strobe-bright flash sear the darkness . she pivot , fire mechanically in control burst . score point in she own private video game . she spin as hick approach laterally . wham ! she fire " at " he . hick whirl ... to see a nightmarish figure right behind he , catapult backwards by vasquez ' blast . int . apc 97 apone 's monitor spin crazily and goe dark . gorman ( distantly ) I tell they to fall back ... ripley ( viciously ) they be but off ! do something ! but he 's go . total brain-lock . tight on ripley as she struggle with a decision . she 's terrify ... of what she know she 's about to do . but more than that , she 's furious . shoulder past a paralyze Gorman she run up the aisle of the apc . ripley ( in pass ) newt , put you seatbelt on ! ripley jump into the driver 's seat of the apc . take a deep breath . start slapping switch . gorman ripley , what the hell ...? she slam the tractor into gear . ext . apc 98 as the drive - wheel spin on the wet ground . the massive machine leap forward . int . apc 99 ripley see smoke pour out of the complex ahead as she slide sideways onto the descend rampway . she slam the leave and right drive - wheel actuator viciously , spin the machine in a roaring pivot . Gorman lunge forward along the aisle , abandon he command center . gorman ( shrill ) what be you do ? turn around ! that 's a order ! he claw at she , hysterical . burke pull he off . int . alien structure 100 the apc roar down into the smoky structure , tear away outcropping of alien-encrustation . ripley hit the floodlight . strobe-beacon . sire . she home on the flash of weapon fire ahead . int . cocoon chamber 101 the apc crash inside , shower debris . hick , support a limping Hudson , appear out of the smoke . the apc pull up broadside and burke get the crew - door open . drake and vasquez back out of the dense mist , fire as they fall back . drake go empty , slam the buckle cut loose he smart - gun harness , and unsling a flame thrower . hick push Hudson inside , leap in after he and drag vasquez inside , massive gear and all . she see a dark shape lunge toward drake . she fire one burst , prone . clean body hit . the flash light up the hideous inhuman grin , blow open the thing 's thorax . a spray of bright yellow acid slashes across drake 's face and chest , eat into he like a hot knife through butter . he drop in boil smoke , reflexively trigger he flame thrower . the jet of liquid fire arc around as he fall , engulf the back half of the apc . int . apc 102 vasquez roll aside as a gout of napalm shoot through the crew - door , set the interior on fire . hick be roll the door close when vasquez lunge , claw out the open . he stop she , drag she inside . vasquez drake ! he 's down ! hick scream right in she face . hick he 's go ! forget it , he 's go ! vasquez ( irrational ) no .. no , he 's not . he 's -- burke and Hudson help he drag she from the door . hick ( to ripley ) let 's go ! ripley jam reverse . Nails the throttle . the apc bellow backward up the ramp . Hudson disappear under a pile of equipment as a storage rack break free . hick get the door almost close . suddenly claw appear at the edge . newt scream . against the combine effort of hick , burke and vasquez the door be be slowly wrenched OPEN from outside . hick yell at a paralyze Gorman . hick get on the goddamn door ! Gorman back away , eye wide . hick jam he shoulder against the latching lever and frees one hand to raise he 12 - gauge . a alien head wedge through the open , its hideous mouth open . and hick jam he shotgun muzzle between its jaw and pull the trigger ! blam ! the creature be flung backward , its shattered head fountain acid blood . the spray eat into the door , the deck , hit Hudson on the arm . he shriek . they slide the door home and dog it tight . ext . apc 103 the armored vehicle roar backward up the ramp . slam into a mass of conduit . tear free . ripley work the shifter , pivote the massive machine . everybody 's shouting , try to put out the fire . pandemonium . int . / ext . apc 104 - 105 something land on the roof with a metallic clang . Gorman have plaster himself against a wall , as far from the door as possible . a latch lever behind he head turn . the small hatch against which he be lean be rip away and something snatch he out the open he disappear to the waist with a shriek , leg kick . the alien cling to the roof , pull he out . its tail whip over , scorpionlike , and bury a four inch stinger in Gorman 's shoulder . hick grab a joy stick at the FIRE - control console and turn it rapidly . on the roof the alien look up as servo-motor whir . a remote control turret cannon , a 20 mm chain - gun , swivel toward it in a curt arc . voom . the creature be blast off the vehicle 's armored back and tumble away . Gorman , slump unconscious , be drag back inside . the apc rip away a section of catwalk and head for clear air , its flank trail fire like a comet . ripley fight the control as the big machine slew , broadside a control - room out - building . Office furniture and splinter wall section be strewn in the apc 's wake . suddenly , a alien arm arc down , right in front of ripley 's face . it smashes the windshield . glisten , hideous jaw lunge inside ... ripley recoil . face to face once again with the same mind -numbing horror . she react instinctively . slam both set of brake with all she strength . the huge wheel lock . the creature flip off , landing in the headlight . ripley hit full throttle . the apc roar forward , smash over the abomination . its skeletal body be crush under the massive wheel . it roll , tumble ... lose in the darkness behind as the machine thunder onto the causeway and away from the station . a sound like bolt drop in a meat grinder be come from the apc 's rear end . hick ease ripley 's hand back on the throttle lever . her grip be white knuckle . hick it 's okay ... we be clear . we be clear . ease up . the grind clatter become deafen even as she slow the machine . hick sound like a blow transaxle . you be just grind metal . ext . apc 106 the tractor limp to a halt . a half-kilometer from the atmosphere processing station . the apc be a smoking , acid-scarr mess . int . apc 107 ripley , still run on the adrenalin dynamo , spin out of she seat into the aisle . ripley newt ? where 's newt ? feeling a tug at she pants leg she look down . newt be wedge into a tiny space between the driver 's seat and a bulkhead . she be tremble , and look terrify , but it 's not the basket case catatonia of before . ripley you okay ? newt give she a thumb - up , want but stoic . ripley go back to the other . Hudson be hold he arm and stare in stunne dismay at nothing , play it all back in he mind . hudson Jesus ... Jesus ... I do not believe it . burke try to have a look at Hudson 's arm . hudson ( jerk away ) I be all right , leave it ! ripley join hick who be bent over Gorman , check for a pulse . hick he 's alive . I think he 's paralyze . vasquez he 's fuck dead ! she grab Gorman by the collar , haul he up roughly , ready to pulp he with she other fist . vasquez ( to Gorman ) wake up pendejo ! I be gonna kill you , you useless fuck ! hick push she back . right in she face . hick hold it . hold it . back off , right now . vasquez release Gorman . his head smack the deck . ripley open Gorman 's tunic , revealing a bloodless purple puncture wound . ripley look like it stung he . hudson hey ...hey ! look , crowe and Dietrich be not dead , man . they turn to see Hudson at the mtob monitor , point at the bio-function screen . hudson they must be like Gorman . they sign be real low but they be not dead ! Hudson be pale , panicky , and he voice echoe around the tiny metallic space and come back to all of they as the near hysteria they all feel , flutter just at the edge of they mind . ripley you can not help they . right now they be be cocoon just like the other . hudson ( sagging ) oh , god. Jesus . this be not happen . ripley and vasquez lock eye . ripley do not want it to be " I tell you so " but vasquez read it that way . she turn away with a snap . int . mo lab 108 Bishop be hunch over a occular probe do a dissection of one of the dead parasite . spunkmeyer enter with some electronics gear on a hand truck and park it near Bishop 's work table . spunkmeyer need anything else ? Bishop wave " no " without look up . ext . colony - drop -ship 109 spunkmeyer emerge , crossing the tarmac to the load ramp of the ship . as he near the top of the ramp , he boot slip ... skid on something wet . kneel , he touch a small puddle of thick slime . he shrug , and hit the control to retract the ramp and close the door . int . apc 110 on vasquez wire and intense . vasquez all right , we can not blow the fuck out of they ... why not roll some canister of cn - 20 down there . nerve gas the whole nest ? hudson look , man , let 's just bug out and call it even , okay ? ripley ( to vasquez ) no good . how do we know it will effect they biochemistry ? I say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit . it 's the only way to be sure . burke now hold on a second . I be not authorize that action . ripley why not ? burke sense the challenge in she tone and backpedal flawlessly into conciliatory mode . burke well , I mean ... I know this be a emotional moment , but let 's not make snap judgment . let 's move cautiously . first , this physical installation have a substantial dollar value attach to it -- ripley they can bill I . I get a tab run . what 's second ? burke this be clearly a important species we be deal with here . we can not just arbitrarily exterminate they -- ripley bullshit ! vasquez yeah , bullshit . watch we . hudson maybe you have not be keep up on current event , but we just get out ass kick , pal ! ripley face burke squarely and she 's not pleased . ripley look , burke . we have a agreement . burke move in , lowering he voice . he take she aside from the other . burke I know , I know , but we be deal with change scenario here . this thing be major , ripley . I mean really major . you gotta go with its energy . since you be the representative of the company who discover this species you percentage will naturally be some serious , serious money . ripley stare at he like he 's a particularly disagreeable fungus . ripley you son of a bitch . burke ( harden ) do not make I pull rank , ripley . ripley what rank ? I believe corporal hick have authority here . burke corporal hick !? ripley this operation be under military jurisdiction and hick be next in chain of command . right ? hick look that way . burke start to lose it and it 's not a pretty sight . burke look , this be a multimillion dollar operation . he can not make that kind of decision . he 's just a grunt ! ( glance at hick ) no offense . hick ( coolly ) none take . ( into mike ) ferro , you copying ? ferro ( voice over ; static ) stand by . hick prep for dust -off . we be gonna need a immediate evac . ( to burke ) I think we will take off and nuke the site from orbit . it 's the only way to be sure . he wink . burke look like a kid whose toy have be snatch . burke this be absurd ! you do not have the authority to -- clack ! the sound of a rifle bolt snap home truncate he rant . vasquez have a pulse-rifle cradle , not exactly aim at burke but not exactly aim away either . her expression be masklike . end of discussion . ripley sit behind newt , put she arm around she . ripley we be go home , honey . ext . drop -ship 111 the ship rise through the spray throw up by the downblast of the vtol jet , hover above the complex like a huge insect , its searchlight blaze . ext . apc 112 the group be filing out of the personnel carrier , which be clearly a write off . hick and Hudson have Gorman between they , and the other emerge into the wind . they watch the ship roar in on its final approach . int . drop -shop cockpit 113 ferro flick the intercom switch several time . thump she headset mike . ferro spunkmeyer ? goddammit . the compartment door behind she slide slowly back . ferro ( turn ) where the fu -- her eye widen . it 's not spunkmeyer . be impression of leer jaw which blur forward , then a whirl of motion and a truncate scream . the throttle lever be slam forward in the melee . ext . apc - landscape - station 114 they watch in dismay as the approach ship dip and veer wildly . its main engine roar full on and the craft accelerate toward they even as it lose altitude . it skim the ground . clip a rock formation . the ship slew , sideslipp . it hit a ridge . tumble , burst into flame , break up . it arc into the air , end over end , a Catherine wheel juggernaut . ripley run ! she grab newt and sprint for cover as a tumble section of the ship 's massive engine module slam into the apc and it explode into twisted wreckage . the drop-ship skip again , like a stone , engulf in flame ... and crash into the station . a tremendous fireball . the remainder of the ground team watch they hope of get off the planet , and most of they superior fire power , reduce to flame debris . there be a moment of stunne silence , then ... hudson ( hysterical ) well that 's great ! that 's just fuck great , man . now what the fuck be we suppose to do , man ? we be in some real pretty shit now ! hick be you finish ? ( to ripley ) you okay ? she nod . she can not disguise she stricken expression when she look at newt , but the little girl seem relatively calm . she shrug with fatalistic acceptance . newt I guess we be not leave , right ? ripley I be sorry , newt . newt you do not have to be sorry . it be not you fault . hudson ( kick rock ) just tell I what the fuck we be suppose to do now . what be we gonna do now ? burke ( annoyed ) May be could build a fire and sing song . newt we should get back , ' cause it will be dark soon . they come mostly at night . mostly . ripley follow newt 's look to the ap station loom in the twilight , the burn drop-ship wreckage jamme into its basal structure . ext . control block - night 115 the wind howl mournfully around the metal building , dry and cold . int . operation 116 the weary and demoralize group be gather to take stock of they grim option . vasquez and Hudson be just set down a scorched and dent pack case , one of several cull from the apc wreckage . hick indicate they remain inventory of weapon , lie on a table . hick this be all we could salvage . we have get four pulse-rifle with about fifty round each . not so good . about fifteen m - 40 grenade and two flame thrower less than half full ... one damage . and we have get four of this robot-sentry unit with scanner and display intact . he open one of the scorched case , revealing a high - tech servo-actuated machine gun with optical sense equipment , pack in foam . ripley how long after we be declare overdue can we expect a rescue ? hick about seventeen day . hudson man , we be not go to make it seventeen hour ! that thing be go to come in here , just like they do before , man ... they be go to come in here and get we , man , long before ... ripley she survive longer than that with no weapon and no training . ripley indicate newt , who salute Hudson smartly . ripley so you better just start deal with it . just deal with it , Hudson ... because we need you and I be tired of you bullshit . now get on a terminal and call up some kind of floor plan file . construction blueprint , maintenance schematics , anything that show the layout of this place . I want to see air duct , electrical access tunnel , subbasement . every possible way into this wing . Hudson gather himself , thankful for the direction . hick nod approval of she handle of it . hudson aye-firmative . I be on it . bishop I will be in medical . I would like to continue my analysis . ripley Fine . you do that . int . operation 117 burke , ripley , Hudson and hick be bent over a large horizontal videoscreen , like a illuminate chart table . newt hop from one foot to the other to see . ripley this service tunnel be how they be move back and forth . hudson yeah , right , it run from the processing station right into the sublevel here . he trace a finger along the abstract ground plan . ripley all right . there 's a fire door at this end . the first thing we do be put a remote sentry in the tunnel and seal that door . hick we gotta figure on they get into the complex . ripley that 's right . so we put up weld barricade at this intersection ... ( point ) ... and seal this duct here and here . then they can only come at we from this two corridor and we create a free field of fire for the other two sentry unit , here . hick contemplate she game plan and raise he hand , satisfied . hick outstanding . then all we need 's a deck of card . all right , let 's move like we get a purpose . hudson aye-firmative . newt ( imitate Hudson ) aye-firmative ! int . service tunnel - sublevel 118 a long straight service tunnel , line with conduit , seem to go on forever . vasquez and Hudson have finish set up two of the robot sentry gun on tripod in the tunnel . vasquez ( shouting ) test ! she hurl a wastebasket down the tunnel , into the automatic field of fire . the sentry gun swivel smoothly , the wastebasket bounce once ... and be riddled by two quick burst of exploding 10 mm round into dime - size shrapnel . they retreat behind a heavy steel FIRE door which they roll close on its track . vasquez , use a portable welding torch , begin sealing the door to its frame , as Hudson pace nervously . hudson Hudson here . a and B sentries be in place and key . we be sealing the tunnel . int . second level corridor 119 hick pause in he work . hick ( into mike ) Roger . he and ripley be cover a air duct open with a metal plate , welding it in place , shower spark in the dark corridor . behind they burke and newt be move back and forth with carton of food on a hand truck , stack it inside the operation center . hick set down he welder and pull a small object out of a belt pouch . a braceletlike emergency locating beeper . hick here , put this on . then I can locate you anywhere in the complex on this -- he indicate a tiny tracker hook to he battle harness . he shrug , a little self - consciously . hick just a ... precaution . you know . ripley pause for a moment , regard he quizzically . ripley ( strapping it on ) thanks . hudson uh , what 's next ? she consult a printout of the floor plan . ext . control block 120 the wind have die utterly and in the even more eerie stillness a diffuse mist have roll into shroud the complex . visibility be low in the fog . everything look underwater . there be no movement . int . corridor 121 in the barricade corridor sentry - gun " C " sit wait , its " armed " light flash green . through a hole tear in the ceiling at the far end of the corridor the fog swirl in . Water drip . a expectant hush . int . mo lab annex - operating room 122 ripley carry a exhaust newt through the inner connect room of the medical wing . she reach a operating room which be small but very high - tech ... vaultlike metal wall , strange equipment . several metal cot have be set up , displace o.r. equipment which be push into one corner . newt be rest she head on ripley 's shoulder , barely awake ... out of steam . ripley set she on one of the cot and newt lie down . ripley now you just lie here and have a nap . you be exhaust . newt I do not want to ... I have scary dream . this obviously strike a chord with ripley , but she feign cheerfulness . ripley I will bet casey do not have bad dream . ripley lift the doll 's head from newt 's tiny finger and look inside . it be , of course , empty . ripley nothing bad in here . maybe you could just try to be like she . ripley close the doll 's eye and hand she back . newt roll she eye as if to say " do not pull that five - year - old shit on I , lady . I be six . " newt ripley ... she do not have bad dream because she 's just a piece of plastic . ripley oh. sorry , newt . newt my mommy always say there be no monster . no real one . but there be . ripley 's expression become sober . she brushes damp hair back from the child 's pale forehead . ripley ( quietly ) yes , there be , be not there . newt why do they tell little kid that ? newt 's voice reveal she deep sense of betrayal . she 's see that the world can be just as terrifying as she most primal child 's nightmare if not more so , and that 's a lot worse than find out there be no Santa . ripley well , some kid can not handle it like you can . newt do one of that thing grow inside she ? ripley begin pull blanket up a tucking they in around she tiny body . ripley I do not know , newt . that 's the truth . newt be not that how baby come ? I mean people baby ... they grow inside you ? ripley no , it 's different , honey . newt do you ever have a baby ? ripley yes . a little girl . newt where be she ? ripley ( quietly ) go . newt you mean dead . it 's more statement than question . ripley nod slowly . she turn , reach for a portable space heater sit nearby , and slide it closer to the bed . she switch it on . it hum and emit a cozy orange glow . newt ripley , I be just think ... maybe I could do you a favor and fill in for she . just for a while . you can try it and if you do not like it , it 's okay . I will understand . no big deal . whattya think ? ripley gaze at she a long time before answer ... a conflict between the urge to crush the child to she in a forever hug and the knowledge that neither of they may see another dawn . ripley I think it 's not the worst idea I have hear all day . let 's talk about it later . she switch off the light and start to rise . newt grab she arm . a plaintive voice in the dark . newt do not go ! please . ripley I will be right in the other room , newt . and look ... I can see you on that camera right up there . newt look at the video security camera above the door . ripley unsnap the tracker bracelet give to she by hick and put it on newt 's tiny wrist , cinching it down . ripley here . take be for luck . now go to sleep ... and do not dream . ripley walk away and newt roll on she side , hugging casey and gaze at the hypnotically pulsing function light on the bracelet . the space heater hum comfortingly . int . mo lab 123 ecu Gorman , he eyelid slitted open like that of a corpse , but with the eye tracking erratically . the only sign of life . ripley ( voice over ) how be he ? ripley stand over the Lieutenant , who be lie motionless on a examine table . Bishop look up from he instrument nearby , the light of a single gooseneck lamp give he feature a macabre cast . bishop I have isolate a neuro-muscular toxin responsible for the paralysis . it seem to be metabolize . he should wake up soon . ripley now let I get this straight . the alien paralyze the colonist , carry they over there , cocoon they to be host for more of that ... ripley point at the stasis cylinder contain the face-hugger specimen . ripley which would mean lot of that parasite , right ? one for each person ... over a hundred at least . bishop yes . that follow . ripley but this thing come from egg ... so where be all the egg come from . bishop that be the question of the hour . we could assume a parallel to certain insect form who have hivelike organization . a ant of termite colony , for example , be rule by a single female , a queen , which be the source of new egg . ripley you be say one of that thing lay all the egg ? bishop well , the queen be always physically larger then the other . a termite queen 's abdomen be so bloat with egg that it can not move at all . it be feed and tend by drine worker , defend by the warrior . she be the center of they life , quite literally the mother of they society . ripley could it be intelligent ? bishop hard to say . it may have be blind instinct ... attraction to the heat of whatever ... but she do choose to incubate she egg in the one spot where we could not destroy she without destroy ourselves . that 's if she exist , of course . ripley ponder the ramification of Bishop 's analysis . ripley ( rise ) I want that specimen destroy as soon as you be do with they . you understand ? Bishop glance at the creature , pulsing malevolently in they cylinder . bishop Mr. burke have instruction that they be to be keep alive in stasis for return to the company lab . he be very specific . ripley feel the fabric of she self - restraint tear . she slap the intercom switch . ripley burke ! int . mo lab annex 124 in a small observation chamber separate from the mo lab by a glass partition , ripley and burke have square off . burke that specimen be worth million to the bio-weapon division . now , if you be smart we can both come out of this heroes . set up for life . ripley you just try get a dangerous organism past icc quarantine . section 22350 of the commerce code . burke you have be do you homework . look , they can not impound it if they do not know about it . ripley but they will know about it , burke . from I . just like they will know how you be responsible for the death of one hundred and fifty - seven colonist here -- burke now , wait a second -- ripley ( step on he ) you send they to that ship . I just check the colony log ... directive date six -twelve -seventy - nine . sign burke , Carter J. ripley 's fury be peak , now that the frustration and rage finally have a target to focus on . ripley you send they out there and you do not even warn they , burke . why do not you warn they ? burke look , maybe the thing do not even exist , right ? and if I would make it a major security situation , the administration would have step in . then no exclusive rights , nothing . he shrug , he manner blase , dismissive . burke it be a bad call , that 's all . ripley snap . she slam he against the wall , surprising herself and he , she hand grip he collar . ripley bad call ? this people be fuck dead , burke ! well , they be go to nail you hide to the shed ... and I will be there when they do . she step back , shaking , and look at he with utter loathing , as if the depth of human greed be a far more horrific revelation than any alien . burke ( sadly ) I expect more of you , ripley . I think you would be smarter than this . ripley sorry to disappoint you . she turn away and stride out . the door close . burke stare after she , he mind a whirl of option . int . corridor 125 ripley be walk toward operation when a strident alarm begin to sound . she break into a run . int . operation 126 ripley double -time it to hick ' tactical console where Hudson and vasquez have already gather . hick slap a switch , kill the alarm . hick they be come . they be in the tunnel . the trilling of the motion sensor remain , speed up . two red light on the tactical display light up simultaneously with a echoing crash of gunfire which vibrate the floor . hick gun a and B. track and fire on multiple target . the rss gun pound away , echoing through the complex . they separate burst overlap in a irregular rhythm . a counter on the display count down the number of round fire . hudson they must be wall to wall in there . look at that ammo counter go . it 's a shoot gallery down there . int . service tunnel - tight on rss gun 127 blast stroboscopically in the tunnel . they barrel be overheate , glow cherry red . one click empty and sit smoking , still swiveling to track target it can not fire upon . int . operation 128 the digital counter on B gun read zero . hick B gun 's dry . twenty on A. ten. five . that 's it . silence . then a gonglike booming echoe eerily up from sublevel . ripley they be at the fire door . the booming increase in volume and ferocity . hudson man , listen to that . mix with the echoing crash -clang be a nerve-wreck screech of claw on steel . the intercom buzze , startling they . bishop ( voice over ) Bishop here . I be afraid I have some bad news . hudson well , that 's a switch . int . operation - minute later 129 everyone , include Bishop , be crowded at the window , intently watch the ap station which be a dim silhouette in the mist . suddenly a column of flame , like a acetylene torch , jet upward from the complex at the base of the cone . bishop that 's it . see it ? emergency venting . ripley how long until it blow ? bishop I be project total system failure in a little under four hour . the blast radius will be about thirty kilometer . about equal to ten megaton . hick we get problem . hudson I do not fuck believe this . do you believe this ? ripley and it 's too late to shut it down ? bishop I be afraid so . the crash do too much damage . the overload be inevitable , at this point . hudson oh , man . and I be gettin ' short , too ! four more week and out . now I be gonna buy it on this fuckin ' rock . it be not half fair , man ! vasquez Hudson , give we a break . they watch as another gas jet light up the fog-shroude landscape . ripley ( to hick ) we need the other drop-ship . the on one the sulaco . we have to bring it down on remote , somehow . hudson how ? the transmitter be on the apc . it 's waste . ripley ( pace ) I do not care how ! think of a way . think of something . hudson think of what ? we be fuck . ripley what about the colony transmitter ? that up - link tower down at the other end . why can not we use that ? bishop I check . the hard wiring between here and there be severe in the fight . ripley be wound up like a dynamo , she mind spin out option , grim solution . ripley well then somebody 's just go to have to go out there . take a portable terminal and go out there and plug in manually . hudson oh , right ! right ! with that thing run around . no way . bishop ( quietly ) I will go . ripley what ? bishop I be really the only one qualified to remote- pilot the ship anyway . believe I , I would prefer not to . I may be synthetic but I be not stupid . ripley all right . let 's get on it . what will you need ? vasquez listen . it 's stop . they listen . nothing . a instant later come the high - pitched trilling of a motion - sensor alarm . hick look at the tactical board . hick well , they be into the complex . int . mo lab 130 one of the acid hole from the colonist ' siege have yield access to subfloor conduit . Bishop lie in the open , reach up to graph the portable terminal as ripley hand it down to he . he push it into the constrict shaft ahead of he . she then hand he a small satchel contain tool and assort patch cable , a service pistol and a small cut torch . bishop this duct run almost to the up -link assembly . one hundred eighty meter . say , forty minute to crawl down there . one hour to patch in and align the antenna . thirty minute to prep the ship , then about fifty minute flight time . ripley look at she watch . ripley it 's go to be closer . you better get go . bishop ( cheerfully ) see you soon . she squirm into the shaft , push the equipment along ahead of he with a scraping rhythm . the diameter of the conduit be barely larger than the width of he shoulder . vasquez slide a metal plate over the hole and begin spot welding it in place . int . conduit 131 Bishop look back as the welder seal he in . he sigh fatalistically and squirm forward . ahead of he the conduit dwindle straight to seem infinity . like be in the bore of a very long howitzer . int . mo lab 132 ripley jump as a alarm suddenly blare through the complex . hick ( voice over ) they be in the approach corridor . ripley ( into mike ) on my way . ripley jump up , unsling a flamethrower from she shoulder in one motion , and sprint for Operations with vasquez . the sound of sentry gun open up in staccato burst echoe from close by . int . operation 133 ripley run to the tactical console where hick be mesmerize by the image from the surveillance camera . the flash of the sentry gun flare out the sensitive video , but impression of figure move in the smoky corridor be occasionally visible . the robot sentries hammer away , drive streamer of tracer fire into the swirl mist . hick twenty meter and close . Fifteen . C and D gun down about fifty percent . the digital readout whirl through descend number . a inhuman shrill screeching be audible between burst of fire . ripley now many ? hick can not tell . lot . D gun 's down to twenty . ten . it 's out . then the fire from the remain gun stop abruptly . the video image be a swirl wall of smoke . small fire burn , dim glow in the mist . there be black and twisted shape , and piece of twisted shape , scattered at the edge of visibility . however , nothing emerge from the wall of smoke . the motion sensor tone shut off . ripley they retreat . the gun stop they . the moment stretch . everyone exhales slowly . hick yeah . but look ... the digital counter for the two sentry gun read " 0 " and " 10 " respectively . less than a second 's worth of fire . hick newt time then can walk right up and knock . ripley but they do not know that . they be probably look for other way to get in . that will take they awhile . hudson maybe we get them demoralize . hick ( to vasquez and Hudson ) I want you two walk the perimeter . I know we be all in strung out shape but stay frosty and alert . we have get to stop any entry before they get out of hand . the two trooper nod and head for the corridor . ripley sigh and pick up a cup of cold coffee , drain it in one gulp . hick how long since you sleep ? twenty - four hour ? ripley shrug . she seem soul weary , drain by the nerve-wrack tension . when she answer , she voice seem distant , detach . ripley ( grimly ) they will get we . hick maybe . maybe not . ripley hick , I be not go to wind up like that other . you will take care of it will not you , it if come to that ? hick if it come to that , I will do we both . let 's see that it do not here , I would like to introduce you to a close personal friend of mine . he pick up he pulse-rifle and with the casually precise movement of long practice he snap open the bolt , drop out the magazine and hand it to she . hick m-41a 10 mm pulse-rifle , over and under with a 30 mm pump-action grenade launcher . ripley heft the weapon . it be heavy and awkward . but there be a irrational promise of security in its lethal cold steel line , to at least the sense that she will be in some great measure the master of she own fate . she raise it clumsily . ripley what do I do ? int . conduit 134 Bishop be in claustrophobic limbo between two echoing infinity . the pipe ring with he scraping advance . he approach a irregular hole which admit a tiny shaft of light . he put he eye up to the acid-etch open . he p.o.v. as drool jaw flash toward we , slamming against the steel with a vicious scraping SNAP . Bishop flatten himself away from the open and inch along , look pale and strain . he glance at he watch . int . operation 135 ripley have the stock of the m-41a snugge up to she cheek and be awkwardly try to keep up with hick ' instruction . the corporal be stand close behind she , positioning she arm . it 's intimate but that 's the last thing on they mind . hick just pull it in real right . it will kick some . when the counter here head zero , hit this ... he thumb a button and the magazine drop out , clatter on the floor . hick just let it drop right out . get the other one in quick . just slap it in hard , it like abuse . now , pull the bolt . clack . hick you be ready again . ripley repeat the action , not very smoothly . her hand be tremble . she indicate a stout tube underneath the slender pulse-rifle barrel . ripley what 's this ? hick well , that 's the grenade launcher ... you probably do not want to mess with that . ripley look , you start this . now show I everything . I can handle myself . hick yeah . I have notice . int . corridor 136 dollying with ripley walk down the corridor , now carry the newfound friend , the m-41a . Gorman step out of the door to the mo lab , look weak but sound . burke be right behind he . ripley how do you feel ? gorman all right , I guess . one hell of a hangover . look , ripley ... I ... ripley forget it . she shoulder by he into the mo lab . Gorman turn to see vasquez stare at he with cold , slitted eye . gorman you still want to kill I ? vasquez ( turn away ) it will not be necessary . int . mo lab - annex 137 ripley cross the desert lab , pass through the annex to the small o.r. where she leave newt . int . mo lab - o.r. 138 enter the darken chamber , ripley look around . newt be nowhere to be see . on a hunch she kneel down and peer under the bed . newt be curl up there , jamme as far back as she can get , fast asleep . still clutching " casey . " ripley stare at newt 's tiny face , so angelic despite the demon that have chase she through she dream and the reality between dream . ripley lay the rifle on top of the cot and crawl carefully underneath . without waking the little girl , she slip she arm around she . ripley become merely the larger of two child huddle together in the darkness under they bed . newt 's face contort with the externalization of some torment dreamscape . she cry out , a vague inarticulate plea . ripley rock she gently . ripley there , there . sssshh . it 's all right . ext . up-link tower - view of ap station 139 a view of the processing station from the colony landing platform . a rise wind be clear out the low fog and the silhouette of the station grow sharper . several system of high pressure conduit at the base of the conical tower be actually glow dull red with heat in the darkness . High voltage discharge arc around the upper latticework , lighting the blight landscape with irregular glaring flash . pan onto bishop , f.g. hunch against the wind at the base of the telemetry tower . he have a test - BAY panel open and the portable terminal patch in . his jacket be drape over the keyboard and monitor unit to protect it from the element and he be type frenetically . bishop ( to himself ) now , if I do it right ... he punch a key mark " enable . " int . sulaco cargo lock - in orbit 140 the drop bay be empty and silent , with the remain ship brood in the shadow . a klaxon sound and rotate clearance light come on . hydraulics whine to life . Drop -ship two move out on its overhead track and be lower into the drop bay for launch - prep . service boom and fueling coupler move in automatically around the hull . a record announcement echoe across the huge chamber . female voice attention . attention . Automatic fueling operation have begin . please extinguish all smoking material . int . operating room - tight on ripley - mo lab 141 as she awaken with a start . she check she watch ... a hour have pass . she gently disengage herself from newt and be about to crawl out from beneath the cot when she see something and freeze . across the room , just inside the door to the mo lab , be two innocuous but nonetheless chill object . two stasis cylinder . they top be hinge open , and the suspension field be switch off . they be both empty . ripley feel a slow upwell wave of terror rise through she in that silent freeze moment ... the inescapable certainty of a lethal presence . unable to move or breathe , she look around frantically , assess the situation . ripley ( whisper ) newt . newt , wake up . newt wah ...? where be ...? ripley ( whisper ) sssh . do not move . we be in trouble . newt nod , now wide awake . they listen in the darkness for the slight betrayal of movement . the scrabble of multiple leg across the polished floor , for example . there be only the dron hum of the little space heater . ripley reach up and , clutching the spring of the underside of the cot , begin to inch it away from the wall . the squeal of metal as the leg scrape across the floor be jarringly loud in the stillness . when the space be wide enough she cautiously slide herself up between the wall and the edge of the cot , reach for the rifle she leave lie on top of the mattress . here yes clear the edge of the bed . the rifle be gone . she snap she head around . a scuttle shape leap toward her from the foot of the bed ! she duck with a startle cry . the obscene thing hit the wall above she , leg move lightning fast . reflexively she slam the bed against the wall , pin the creature inch above she face . its leg and tail writhe with incredible ferocity and it emit a dement , pierce squeal . ripley heave newt across the polished floor and in a frenzied scramble roll from beneath the cot . she flip it over , trapping the creature underneath . they back away , gasp . ripley 's eye flash around the shadow room where every corner of space between equipment hold lethal promise . the creature scuttle from beneath the bed and disappear under a back of cabinet in a blur . ripley hug newt close and head toward the door , move as if every object in the room have a million volt run through it . she reach the door . Hit the wall switch . nothing happen . disabled from outside . she try the light . nothing . she pound on the door . the acoustically dampen door panel thunks dully . she move to the observation window , glance frantically over she shoulder . the bare floor behind she be like a scream threat . ripley ( shouting ) hey ...hey ! she pound on the window . through the double thickness window we can see that the lab be dark and empty . ripley whirl , hearing a loathsome scrabbling behind she . newt start to whimper , feed off she fear . she step in front of the video surveillance camera and wave she arm in a circle . ripley hick ! hick ! int . operation - tight on video monitor 142 show ripley wave she arm . there be no sound , a surreal pantomime . a hand enter frame and switch off the monitor . ripley 's image vanish . wider angle as burke straighten casually from the console . hick be talk via headset with Bishop and have not notice ripley 's plight or burke 's action . hick ( into mike ) Roger . check back when you have activate the ship . ( turn ) he 's at the up -link tower . burke ( calmly ) excellent . int . operating room 143 ripley pick up a steel chair and slam it against the observation window . it bounce back from the high-impact material . she try again . reverse angle from the mo lab side , show she futile effort , the chair hit with a dull thwack barely audible through the double thickness pressure port . ripley turn , study the room . she fumble through a clutter of equipment on a counter next to she and find a SMALL examination light . snap it on she play the beam over the wall . tall assembly of surgical and anaethesiology equipment loom in the dark . she hear , to think she hear , movement . the light spin across the room , swiveling and bob frantically . like a indicator of she grow panic . newt start a thin , high wail . newt mommy ...mommmyyyyy ... ripley steady herself , realize newt 's terror and the child 's dependence on she . she play the beam across the ceiling . hold on something . get a idea . she remove she lighter from a jacket pocket and pick up some papers from the counter . move cautiously she boost newt up onto the surgical table in the center of the room and clamber up after she . newt mommy ... I mean , ripley ... I be scared . ripley I know , honey . I too . ripley light the papers and hold the flame mass under the temperature sensor of a fire control system sprinkler head . it triggers , spraying the room from several source with water . a alarm sound throughout the complex . int . operation 144 hick jump at the sound of the alarm , finally identify its source among the light flash on he board . he bolt for the door , yell into he headset as he move . hick vasquez , Hudson , meet I in medical ! we get a fire ! int . operating room 145 ripley and newt be drench as the sprinkler continue to drizzle in the darkness . the siren hoot maniacally , mask all other sound . ripley scan the room with she light , she hair plaster to she face , wiping water out of she eye . she be eye level with a complex surgical multilight . she look into its tangle of arm and cable , inch away . look away . her eye snap back . something leap at her face . she scream and topple off the table , splash to the floor . newt shriek and scramble away as ripley hurl the chitter creature off of she . it slam against a wall of cabinet , cling for a moment , then leap back as if drive by a steel spring . ripley scramble desperately , pull equipment over on top of herself , claw across the floor in a frenzy of motion . in a blurr of multijoint leg the creature scuttle up she body . she tear at it , but it be incredibly powerful for its size . it move like lightning toward she head , avoid she fumble hand . newt scream abjectly , back away , until she be press up against a desk in one corner . ripley have both hand up , force the pulsing body back from she face . the thing 's tail whip around she throat and begin to tighten , force the underside of its body close to she . ripley thrashes about , knock over equipment , send instrument clatter . Water stream over she , into she eye , blind she and make it impossible to get a grip on the creature 's body . angle on newt as crablike leg appear from behind the desk , right behind she . she see it and , think fast , jam the desk against the wall , pin the writhe thing . the desk jump and shudder against all the pressure she tiny body can bring to bear on it . she wail between gritt tooth as the second creature get one leg free , then another and another . squeeze itself inexorably onto the desk top ... toward she . the leg of the chitter thing claw at ripley 's head , get a surer grip even as she whip she head from side to side . the obscene tubule extrude wetly from the sheath on the creature 's underside , force itself between the arm she have cross tightly over she face . a figure appear at the observation window , a silhouette behind the mist - over glass . a hand wipe a clear spot . hick 's eye appear . he step back . wham ! a burst of pulse-rifle fire shatter the tempere glass . hick dive into the craze spider web pattern and explode into the room in a shower of fragment . he hit roll , he armor grind through the shard , and slide across to ripley . he get he finger around the thrashing leg of the vicious beast and pull . between the two of they they force be away from she face , though ripley be lose strength as the tail tighten sickeningly around she throat . Hudson leap into the room , fling newt away from the desk to go skid across the wet floor , and blast the second creature against the wall . point-blank . acid and smoke . Gorman appear at ripley 's side and grab the tail , unwind its writhe length like a boa constrictor coil from she throat . all of they grip the struggle , shrieking creature . hick the corner ! ready ? hudson do it ! hick hurl the thing into the corner . it scrabble upright in a instant and leap back toward they . wham ! Hudson get it clean . ripley collapse , gag . the alarm and sprinkler shut off automatically . hick see the stasis cylinder . ripley ( cough ) burke ... it be burke . int . operation - angle on hudson 146 look decidedly stress - out . he grip he rifle tightly , aimed right at camera . hudson ( intense ) I say we grease this rat-fuck son of a bitch right now ! the group be gather around burke who sit in a chair , maintain a icy calm although bead of sweat betray intense conceal tension . only a few minute have pass and everyone be still buzze on adrenaline , as if the whole group be charge with high voltage . hick ( pace ) I do not get it . it do not make any goddamn sense . ripley stand in front of burke , every fiber of she be accuse he with absolute outrage . burke try to break ripley 's stare , which be like a diamond drill . he can not . ripley he want a alien , only he could not get it back through quarantine . but if we be impregnate ... whatever you call it ... and then freeze for the trip back at just the right time ... then nobody would know about the embryos we be carry . we and newt . ripley glance at the little girl , a frail figure sit nearby , hugging she knee and watch the proceedings with somber eye . she be all but lose in a adult jacket someone have find for she , and she still damp hair be plaster to she forehead and cheek . hick wait a minute . we would know about it . ripley the only way it would work be if he sabotage certain freezer on the trip back . then he could jettison the body and make up any story he like . hudson fuuuck ! he 's dead . ( to burke ) you be dogmeat , pal . burke this be total paranoid delusion . it 's pitiful . ripley ( wearily ) you know , burke , I do not know which species be worse . you do not see they screwing each other over for a fuck percentage . hick ( serious ) let 's waste he . ( to burke ) no offense . ripley shake she head , the rage give way to a sicken emptiness . ripley just find someplace to lock he up until it 's time to -- the light go out . everyone stop in the sudden darkness , realize instinctively it be a new escalation in the struggle . hick look at the board . everything be out . doors. video screen . ripley they cut the power . hudson what do you mean , they cut the power ? how could they cut the power , man ? they be animal . ripley pick up she rifle and thumb off the safety . ripley newt ! stay close . ( to the other ) let 's get some tracker go . come on , get move . Gorman , watch burke . Hudson and vasquez pick up they scanner and move to the door . vasquez have to slide it open manually on its track . int . corridor 147 the two trooper separate and move rapidly to the barrier at opposite end of the control block . dollying with vasquez as she move forward with feral step in the darkness . on hudson scan the mo lab and the nearby barrier . ripley ( voice over ) anything ? beep . Hudson 's tracker light up , a faint signal . hudson there 's something . he pan it around . back down the corridor . it beep again , louder . hudson it 's inside the complex . vasquez ( voice over ) you be just read I . hudson no. no ! it be not you . they be inside . Inside the perimeter . they be in here . ripley Hudson , stay cool . vasquez ? angle on vasquez swinging she tracker and rifle together . she aim it behind she . beep . vasquez ( cool ) Hudson may be right . int . operation 148 ripley and hick share a look ... " here we go . " hick ( low ) it 's game time . ripley get back here , both of you . fall back to Operations . int . corridor 149 Hudson backtrack nervously , peer all around . he look stretch to the limit . hudson this signal 's weird ... must be some interference or something . there 's movement all over the place ... ripley ( voice over ) just get back here ! Hudson reach the door to operation at a run , a moment before vasquez . they pull the door shut and lock it . int . operation 150 Hudson join ripley and hick , who be lay out they armament . flamethrower . grenade . m-41a magazine . Hudson 's tracker beep . then again . the tone continue through the scene , its rhythm increase . hudson Movement ! signal 's clean . he pan the scanner . stop . the range display read out , count down . hudson Range twenty meter . ripley ( to vasquez ) seal the door . vasquez pick up a hand - welder and move to comply . hudson seventeen meter . hick let 's get this thing light . he hand one flamethrower to ripley and begin prime the other himself . it light with a muffle pop . ripley 's light a moment later . spark shower around vasquez as she begin welding the door . Hudson 's tracker be beep like mad now , as fast as they heart . ripley they learn . they cut the power and avoid the gun . they must have find another way in , something we miss . hick we do not miss anything . hudson Fifteen meter . ripley I do not know , a acid hole in a duct . something under the floor , not on the plan . I do not know ! she pick up vasquez ' scanner and aim it the same direction as hudson' . hudson twelve meter . man , this be a big fuck signal . ten meter . ripley they be right on we . vasquez , how you do ? vasquez be heedlessly shower herself with molten metal as she weld the door shut . work like a demon . hudson nine meter . eight . ripley can not be . that 's inside the room ! hudson it 's readin ' right . look ! ripley fiddle with she tracker , adjust the tuning . hick well you be not read it right ! hudson six meter . five . what the fu -- he look at ripley . it dawns on both of they at the same time . she feel a cold premonitory dread as she angle she tracker upward to the ceiling , almost overhead . the tone get louder . hick climb onto a file cabinet and raise a panel of acoustic drop-ceile . he shine he light inside . hick ' p.o.v . 151 a soul - wrenching nightmare image . move in the beam of light be alien . lot of alien . they be crawl like bat , upside down , cling to the pipe and beam of the structural ceiling , not touch the flimsy acoustic panel . they glisten hideously as they claw they way forward in silence . they cover the ceiling of the operation room . the inner sanctum be utterly violate . on hick 152 blast by fear . something move ... he snap the light around . it 's a meter behind he . it lunge ! he drop reflexively , the claw rake across he armor . hick fall into the room just as the creature detach en masse from the handhold . the ceiling explode , raining debris . nightmare shape drop into the room . newt scream . Hudson open fire . vasquez grab hick , pull he up , fire one hand with she flamethrower . ripley scoops up newt and stagger back . Gorman turn to fire and burke bolt for the only remain exit , the corridor connect to the mo lab . in the strobelike glare of the pulse-rifle we see flash of alien , move forward in the smoke from the flamethrower fire . they move like nothing human ... leaping quick as insect at time or glide with powerful , balletic grace . ripley Medical ! get to medical ! she dash for the corridor . int . mo lab corridor 153 dollying behind her as she sprint , the wall become a frenzied blur . ahead of she burke clear the door to the mo lab . he slide it close . ripley slam into the door . tries the latch . hear it lock from the far side . ripley burke ! open the door ! newt look ! behind she a alien be move down the corridor like a locomotive , a graceful skeleton shape as lethal and inhuman as you can imagine . Strobe flash backlight the dement silhouette . shake , ripley raise she rifle . she squeeze the trigger . nothing happens . the creature hiss , bare its tooth as it advance . ripley check the safety . the safety be off . the digital counter . the magazine be full . newt begin to wail . ripley 's hand , slick with sweat , be tremble so much she almost drop the rifle . panic scream in she brain . the thing be almost on she , fill the corridor , when she remember . she snap the bolt back , chamber a round . whip the stock to she shoulder . fire . flash -crack ! a flashbulb glimpse of shriek jaw as the silhouette be hurl back , screeching insanely . ripley be slam against the door by the recoil , blind by the flash and deafen by the concussion . int . operation 154 hick look up . fire point-blank at a leaping silhouette . screeeech ! the fire - control system have trip , with sprinkler spraying the room and a mindless siren wail . total pandemonium . hudson ( hysterical ) let 's go ! let 's go ! hick fuckin ' a! Hudson scream as floor panel lift under he , and claw arm seize he lightning fast , drag he down . another skeletal shape leap on he from above . he disappear into the subfloor crawlway . hick , vasquez and Gorman make it to the mo lab access corridor . int . corridor stun , ripley see through dissipate smoke the creature rise to advance again . flinch against blast and glare she drill it point - blank with a blinding burst that carry the m-41a 's muzzle right up toward the ceiling . newt cover she ear against the concussion . hick ( o.s. ) hold you fire ! the trooper seem to materialize out of the smoke . ripley ( indicate door ) lock . hick stand back . hick snap the torch off he belt and cut into the lock . inhuman shape enter the far end of the corridor . vasquez hand she flamethrower to Gorman and unsling she rifle . she start load 30 mm grenade into the launcher , like oversize 12 - guage shell . gorman you can not use that in here ! vasquez right . Fire in the hole ! she pump a round up and fire . the grenade explode and the blast almost knock they down . hick kick the door open , molten droplet fly . hick ( shouting at vasquez ) thanks a lot ! now I can not hear shit . vasquez ( shouting ) what ? int . mo lab annex 156 vasquez slide the door almost close , then fire three grenade rapid-fire through the gap . she slam the door home as the grenade detonate , the explosion sounding gonglike through the metal . ripley sprint across the room , try the far door . burke have lock it as well . hick switch he hand - torch from CUT to weld and start sealing the door they just pass through . int . mo lab 157 burke , hyperventilate with terror , back across the dark chamber . gasp , almost paralyze with fear , he cross the chamber to the door lead to the main concourse . his finger reach for the latch . it move by itself . the door open slowly . on burke he eye wide , transfix by he fate . we hear the bullwhip crack of a tail - stinger strike as we : CUT to : int . mo lab annex 158 the door dimple with a clanging impact , separate slightly from its frame . another crash , the squeal of torture steel . newt grab ripley by the hand and tug she across the room . newt come on ! this way . she lead ripley to a air vent set low in the wall and expertly unlatch the grille , swinging it open . newt start inside but ripley pull she back . ripley stay behind I . ripley trade she rifle for Gorman 's flamethrower before he can protest and enter the air shaft , which be a tight fit . newt scramble in behind , follow by hick , Gorman and vasquez on rearguard . glancing back fearfully newt push on ripley 's butt as they crawl rapidly through the shaft . newt come on . crawl faster . ripley do you know how to get to the landing field from here ? newt sure . go leave . ripley turn into a larger MAIN duct where there be enough room to crab-walk in a low crouch . she run , scraping she back on the ceiling . the trooper ' armor clatter in the confine space . they approach a intersection . she fire the flamethrower around the corner , the look . clear . newt go right . they sprint into the narrow connect duct , the maze become a blur . ripley fire the flamethrower periodically , as they pass side duct cover by louver grille or vertical shaft go to higher or lower level . hick ( into headset ) Bishop , you read I ? come in , over . there be a long pause then Bishop 's voice , almost unintelligible with interference , come over the radio . bishop ( voice over ; static ) yes , I read you . not very well ... ext . up - link relay - landing field 159 Bishop be huddle against the base of the telemetry mast , out of the wind which be now gust viciously . bishop ( yell ; over enunciate ) the ship be on its way . eta about sixteen minute . I have get my hand full fly ... the weather 's come up a bit . Bishop 's finger be blur over the terminal key and he squint , watch the screen as the flight telemetry update rapidly . in the b.g. the ap station have become a raging demon , wreathe in boil steam and electrical discharge . int . AIR duct 160 hick all right , stand by there . we be on out way . over . the beam of ripley 's light waver hypnotically in the tunnel ahead . she blink , see something ... not sure . a glinting obscene form moving toward they , fill the tunnel at the absolute limit of the light 's power . ripley back . go back ! they try to crawl back , jam together . behind they , the way they have come , a grating be batter in with a ferocious clang and the deadly silhouette of a warrior flow into the duct . they be trap . vasquez use she flamethrower , bathing the tunnel in fire . hick snap out he hand - welder and cut into the wall of the duct . molten metal spatter he , as spark fill the tunnel with lurid light . vasquez ' flamethrower sputter . vasquez ( icy ) lose fuel . between eye-sear burst of flame ripley see the glisten apparition close in . hick ' torch feather out . empty . brace he back he kick hard at the cherry - hot metal . it bend aside . Beyond be a narrow service way , line with pipe and conduit . hick slide through the searing hole , lift newt safely through as ripley hand she out . ripley follow and turn to help Gorman . vasquez ' flamethrower go dry . she draw she service pistol . suddenly she look up as a warrior screech down from a vertical shaft , right above she . she fire with incredible rapidity ... bam ! bam ! bam ! roll aside . it land on she leg and she snap she head to one side just as its tail stinger bury into the metal wall beside she cheek . she fire again , empty the pistol , kick the thrashing shape away . acid cut through she chickenplate armor , searing into she thigh . she cry out , gritting she tooth against the white - hot pain . Gorman see vasquez hit , unable to move . see the creature come the other way ... and turn away from the escape hole . he crawl back to she , grab she battle harness and start drag she towards safety . too late . the approach alien warrior have reach and pass the open . vasquez see he , barely conscious . vasquez ( hoarse whisper ) you always be a asshole , Gorman . she seize he hand in a deadly drip , but we recognize it as the " power greeting " she share with drake ... something for the choose few . Gorman return the grip . he hand she two grenade and arm two himself as the creature be upon they . int . service way 161 rushing with ripley , newt and hick as a full tilt run . the service way light up with a powerful blast behind they and they stumble with the shock wave . newt break out ahead and it 's all ripley and hick can do to keep up . newt this way . come on , we be almost there ! ripley newt , wait ! the kid move like lightning , diving and dodging around obstacle . if it be not clear before it 's clear now that we be on she turf , and she 's the ace . running on and on , they breathe loud and echoing ... the wall a directionless blur . newt never hesitates . they reach a junction with a narrow angle chute which run upward at a steep 45 degree . newt here ! go up . int . chute 162 ripley look up the angle shaft , see light at the top ... a exterior vent hood . the sound of wind boom down from above . like blow across a bottle top vastly amplify . ripley enter , brace she foot on perilously narrow side rib in the shaft . she look down . the chute descend far into the depth , lose in shadow . she start to climb with next behind / below she , and hick , just emerge from the side duct . newt just up there -- newt slip , a rusted rib collapse under she foot . she slide ... catch herself with one hand . ripley reach for she , drop she light . the hand - light go skitter and bump down the chute , around a bend , and disappear . ripley strain , reach , she hand grop for newt 's . they miss , inch apart . newt riiiiipppleee -- she slip . hick lunge , grab she oversize jacket . and she slip out of it . with a echoing scream newt plummet , slide down the chute into darkness . moving with her , the wall racing by in a dizzy blur like a bobsle ride . the shaft pitch leave . newt bounce , slide halfway up the wall . the chute fork ahead . newt tumble into the right shaft , which drop at a steeper angle into the depth . just disappear down the left shaft we see ripley 's light . ripley look hick in the eye . and kick free ... slide down the chute after newt . ripley slam she foot into the side -rib , brace herself in a control descent . ripley reach the " V . " see the glow of the light in the leave fork . she go leave . ripley newt ! she hear a plaintive reply , so echoey and distort it have no direction . newt ( o.s. ) mommy ... where be you ? ripley reach the bottom of the chute where it intersect with a horizontal service tunnel . the light be lie there , but no newt . the echoing wail come again . newt ( o.s. ) moooommeeee ... ripley start down the tunnel , answer . newt 's call come again . fainter ? she can not tell . she spin in a grow panic , start the other way . ripley ( to she headset ) hick , get down here . I need that locator . int . subbasement 163 newt be in a low grottolike chamber , fill with pipe and machine . it be flood , almost up to newt 's waist . she look up , see light stream through a grate . ripley 's voice seem to come from there . ripley ( o.s. ) newt ! Star wherever you be ! newt climb some pipe , strain to reach the grate . int . service tunnel 164 hick join ripley , unsnapp the emergency - locator from he belt . they follow the signal into a light area where the power apparently be not cut . hick this way . we be close ... follow the signal they come to a grate set in the floor . newt here ! I be here . I be here . ripley run to the grate . look down she see newt 's tearstreaked face . newt reach up . her tiny finger wriggle up through the bar of the grate . ripley squeeze the child 's precious fingertip . ripley climb down , honey . we have to cut through this grate . newt back away , climb down the pipe as hick cut into the bar with he hand -torch . int . subbasement 165 newt , stand waist deep in the water , watch spark shower blindingly as hick cut . she bite she lip , tremble . cold and terrify . silently a glisten shape rise in one graceful motion from the water behind she . it stand , drip , dwarf she tiny form . newt turn , sense the movement ... she scream as the shadow engulf she . int . service tunnel 166 ripley panic , hearing scream below , then splash . she and hick kick desperately at the grate , smash it down . heedless of the cherry - hot edge ripley lunge into the hole with she light . ripley newt ! newt ! the surface of the water reflect the beam placidly . newt be go . bob in the water , eye stare , be " casey " the doll head . in sink slowly , distorting , vanish in darkness . hick pull ripley away from the hole . she struggle furiously , try to tear out of he grip . ripley no! noooo ! he drag she back . it take all of he strength . hick ( intense ) she 's go ! let 's go ! he see something move toward they through a lattice of pipe . ripley be irrational . hysterical . ripley no! no ! she 's alive ! we have to -- hick all right ! she 's alive . I believe it . but we gotta get move ! now ! he drag she toward a elevator not far away at the end of the tunnel . get she inside , slamm she against the back wall . Hit the button to go to surface level . a alien warrior leap into the tunnel , start toward they . the door be close . not fast enough . the creature get one arm through , the door close on it . they OPEN again , a automatic safety feature . the warrior hiss , lunging . hick fire , point -blank . it spin away , screeching . acid sluice between the close door , across hick ' armored chest plate , as he shield ripley with he body . the lift start upward . hick ' finger race with the clasp as the stuff eat its way toward he skin . galvanize out of she hysteria , ripley claw at he armor , help he as much as she can . he scream as the acid contact he chest and arm . he shuck out of the combat armor like a madman , drop the smoking piece to the floor . acrid fume fill the air , searing eye and lung . the elevator stop . the door part and they stumble out , ripley support hick who be double over in agony . ripley come on , you can make it . almost there . ext . landing field 167 Drop -ship two descend toward the landing grid , side - slip in hurricane gust . Bishop stand , guide it with the portable terminal . the ship set down hard . slide sideways . stop . Bishop turn as ripley and hick stumble out of a doorway in the colony building behind he . he go to they , help to support hick and they run toward the ship , buffete by the gale . ripley shout , she word barely audible over the wind . ripley how much time ? bishop plenty ! twenty -six minute ! ripley we're not leaving ! the load ramp deploy and they run into the ship . ext . processing station 168 a infernal engine , roaring out of control . steam blast and swirl , lightning zap around the superstructure and column of incandescent gas thunder hundred of foot into the air . we approach , hypnotically . the drop-ship enter frame , move toward the station . it pivot , hover in the blast turbulence , and settles onto a narrow landing platform ten level above the ground , or about a third of the way up the enormous structure . int . drop -ship 169 ripley finish wind tape around a bulky object and drop the roll . she have crudely fastened a m-41a assault rifle together , side by side , with a flamethrower . a massive , unwieldy package of absolute firepower . her movement be curt , precise ... determine . she work rapidly , snatching magazine , grenade , belt and other gear from the fully stock ordnance rack of the drop-ship . Bishop come aft from the pilot 's compartment to help hick dress he injury . hick be sprawle in a flight seat , the content of a field medical key strewn around he . he 's out of the game ... contort with pain . bishop ripley ... ripley she 's alive . they bring she here and you know it . bishop in seventeen minute this place will be a cloud of vapor the size of nebraska . ripley be stuff gear rapidly into a satchel , she hand fly . ripley hick , do not let he leave . hick ( grimace with pain ) we be not go anywhere . she heft the hybrid weapon , grab the satchel and spin to the door control . the door open . wind and machine - thunder blast in . ripley see you , hick . hick be hold a wad of gauze plaster over he face . hick dwayne . it 's dwayne . ripley grab he hand . they share a moment , albeit brief . mutual respect in the valley of death . ripley ellen . hick ( nod with satisfaction ) do not be long , ellen . ripley run down the ramp , crossing the platform to the open door of a large freight elevator . the door close . int . freight elevator 170 the elevator descend . bar of light move rhythmically across she as ripley stand face the door , watch the landing go by . the heat grow more intense . pipe glow cherry - red pass by . steam hiss and billow . the lift clatter in a steady beat . hypnotic . ripley remove she jacket and don a battle harness directly over she T-shirt . her hair be matte , and she glisten with sweat . her eye burn with a determination that hold the gut - panic in check . the elevator descend . she check she weapon . attaches a bandolier of grenade to she harness . prime the flamethrower . check the rifle 's magazine . rack the bolt , chamber the first round . she check the marking flare jamme in the thigh pocket of she jump pants . she drop a unprime grenade , tremble , force herself to be strong . we see she do not know doodley about grenade . this be the most terrifying thing she have ever do . she begin to hyperventilate , soaking with sweat . her finger slick and slippery on the rifle . the elevator descend . the lift motor whine , slow . it hit bottom with a bump . the safety cage retract . slowly , expectantly , the door open . her p.o.v. through the parting door ... a empty corridor . Dark , swirl with steam , a ruddy glow visible here and there . it seem to have be a descent into dantean Hell . the air itself vibrate with heat distortion . coupling groan . machinery whine and throbs . like the beat of a vast heart the pound of massive pump echoe through the station . int . corridor 171 ripley move out of the lift , knuckle white on the rifle . her eye dart , strain to penetrate the lethal gloom . behind she we see a second elevator next to hers , its lift cage somewhere on a higher floor . ahead the corridor be encrust with the alien excressence and not far down the bio-mechanoid catacomb begin . she enter the maze , darting glance at hick 's locator , tape to the top of she kludge weapon . a voice echoe down the tunnel , calm and mechanical . voice attention . emergency . all personnel must evacuate immediately . you now have fourteen minute to reach minimum safe distance . int . catacomb 172 Range and direction read out in rapid-fire alpha-numerics on the locator display . ripley blink sweat out of she eye , move through the swirl steam of the alien maze . she approach a intersect tunnel . flash emergency light illuminate the insane fresco of the wall . she spin , fire the flamethrower . nothing there . she whirl back . move forward , tremble and adrenalize . skeletal figure drow in the wall , freeze in macabre torment position like human insect in amber . steam blast , blind she . the locator signal strengthen a she turn , crouch through a low passage , turn again . at each intersection she quickly light a fifteen - minute marking flare and drop it . for the way back . she have to turn sideways , inching through a fissure between two wall of death ... cocoon nich , human bas-relief seal in resin . suddenly something shoot out , grabbing her ! a hand . she recover , then recognize the face seal in the wall . Carter burke . burke ripley ... help I . I can feel it ... inside . oh , God ... it 's move ! oh gooood ... she look at he . no one deserve this . ripley here . she hand he a grenade , wrapping he finger around the spoon , and pull the primer . she move on . voice you now have eleven minute to reach minimum safe distance . ripley move ahead . the locator signal show she be almost there . a concussion rock the place , like a earthquake , jarring she almost off she foot . then another . the whole station seem to shudder . a siren begin to wail a dement rhythm . follow the tracker she turn a corner and stop . the range indicator read zero . she look down , horrify to see newt 's tracer bracelet lie on the floor of the tunnel . all hope recede , disintegrate into mindless chaos . int . egg chamber 173 newt be cocoon in a pillarlike structure at the edge of a cluster of upright ovoid shape ... alien egg . her eyelid flutter open and she become aware of she surroundings . the egg nearest she begin to move ... open like a obscene flower at its top to reveal something stir within . newt stare , transfix by terror , as the jointed leg appear over the lip of the ovoid one by one . she scream . int . catacomb 174 ripley hear the scream and break into a run . int . egg chamber 175 newt watch the face-hugger emerge and turn toward she . ripley run in just as it be tensing to leap , and fire , blast it with a burst from the assault rifle . the flash illuminate the figure of a adult warrior , nearby . it spin , move straight for ripley . firing from the hip she drill it with two control burst which catapult it back . she step toward it , firing again . her expression be murderous . and again . it spin onto its back . she unleash the flamethrower and it vanish in a fireball . ripley run to newt and begin tear at the fresh resinous cocoon material , freeing the child . she swing she up onto she back . newt ( weakly ) I know you would come . ripley newt , I want you to hang on , now . hang on tight . groggily newt hook she arm and leg through the belt of ripley 's battle harness as ripley pick up she weapon . more warrior be move toward she among the egg . she fire the flamethrower . the egg be engulf . one of the warrior lunge forward , a live fireball . she blast it in half with two burst from the m-41a . ripley retreat , ducking under a glisten cylindrical mass . a piercing shriek fill the chamber . she turn . and there it be . a massive silhouette in the mist , the alien queen glower over she egg like a great , glisten black insect - buddha . what 's bigger and meaner than the alien ? his momma . her fange head be a unimaginable horror . her six limb , the four arm and two powerful leg , be fold grotesquely over she distend abdomen . the egg-filled abdomen swell and swell into a great pulsing tubular sac , suspend from a lattice of pipe and conduit by a weblike membrane as if some vast coil of intestine be drape carelessly among the machinery . ripley realize she duck under part of it a moment before . Inside the abdominal sac can be see the form of countless egg , churn they way toward the pulsate ovipositor where they emerge glisten , to be pick up by drone . the drone be tiny scuttling albino version of the " warrior " alien we have already see . ripley pump the slide on she grenade launcher . she fire . pump and fire again . four time . the grenade punch deep into the egg sac and explode , rip it open from within . egg be ton of gelatinous matter pour across the chamber floor . the Queen go berserk , screeching like some psychotic steam whistle . ripley lay about she with the flamethrower , ignite everything in sight with a insane fury . egg shrivel in the inferno , and figure of warrior and drone vanish in frenzied thrashing . over all be the Queen 's shriek as she struggle in the flame . two warrior emerge from the boil smoke , close on she . she pull the trigger ... a empty click . digital counter flash crimson zeroe . she drop the magazine , grab another from she belt , ram it home and open up . the creature vanish in rapid-fire flash . ripley back away , venting she terror in a sustained orgy of fire as she blast everything that move in one long eye-sear expenditure of energy . then she dash into the catacomb , navigate by sheer primal instinct . int . catacomb 176 ripley run , blindly , with panting intensity verge on hysteria . impression crash upon she ... the maze blur by , siren howling , the station rock with explosion , emergency light flash , steam blast , red- hot steel hiss . reality itself be reduce to a concussive series of strobelike instant of relentless forward motion . she see one of the flare she drop and turn . see another , sprinting toward it as the foundation of the world shake . int . egg chamber 177 lash in a frenzy , the queen detach from the egg sac , rip away and drag tear cartilage and tissue behind it . see dimly through swirl smoke , it rise on its powerful leg and step forward . int . catacomb - corridor 178 - 179 ripley use the flamethrower ahead of she , fire burst of pulse-rifle fire down side corridor at indistinct shape and shadow . the weapon be empty when she reach the freight elevator . a mass of debris , fall down the shaft from a higher level , have demolish the life cage she descend in . she slam the control for the other cage and hear the sound of the lift motor' whine as it begin its slow descent from several level up . a enraged screech echoes in the corridor . ripley see a silhouette move in the smoke ... a glisten black shape which fill the corridor to the ceiling ... the queen . her last cartridge be read zeroe . the flamethrower sputter uselessly when she try that . the grenade be go . ripley drop the weapon and look up the shaft to the descend lift ... then at the approach figure . the elevator will not be in time . she run to a ladder set in the wall as a horrendous screech beat in she ear . she scramble up the rung . int . second level 180 ripley struggle up through a narrow hatch , newt cling to she . she dive aside as a powerful black arm shoot up through the open , its razor claw slamm into the grille - floor inch from she . look down through the grille she see the great horrifying jaw directly below she , wet and leer . she scramble up , run , as the grille - floor lift and buckle behind she with the titanic force of the creature below . it hurl itself with insane ferocity against the metal , pace she from below as she run . int . stairwell 181 ripley reach a open-grid emergency stairwell and sprint upward . it rock and shudder with the station 's death throes . voice you now have two minute to reach minimum safe distance . int . corridor - elevator 182 - 183 the lift reach bottom , the door roll open . the Queen turn and freeze , as if contemplate the open lift cage . int . stairwell 184 ripley stumble , smash she knee against the metal stair . as she rise she hear the lift motor start up . look down through the lattice work of the station she see the life cage start ominously upward . she know there be only one explanation for that . she run on , the stairwell become a crazy whirl around she . ext . landing platform 185 ripley , with newt still cling to she , slam through the door open onto the platform . through wind - whipped streamer of smoke she see ... the ship be gone . ripley bishop ! her shout become inarticulate scream of hatred , outrage at the final betrayal . she scan the sky . nothing . ripley ( hysterical ) bishop ! newt be sobbing . the lift rise ponderously into view . ripley turn , back away from the door toward the railing . there be no place to run to on the platform . explosion detonate in the complex far below and huge fireballs swell upward through the machinery . the platform buck wildly . nearby a cool tower collapse with a thunderous roar and the shriek of rending steel . more explosion , one after another , rocketing up from below . ripley stare transfix as the lift stop . the safety cage part . ripley ( to newt ; low ) Close you eye , baby . the lift door begin to open . a glimpse of the apparition within . angle on ripley and newt as the drop-ship rise right behind they , its hover jet roaring . voice you now have thirty second to reach ... ripley leap for the load boom project down from the cargo bay and it raise they into the ship . a tremendous explosion rip through the complex nearby , slamm the ship sideways . its extend landing leg foul in a tangle of conduit , grind with a hideous squeal of metal on metal . int . / ext . drop - ship - station 186 - 187 ripley leap into a seat with newt , cradling she . begins strapping in . Bishop wrestle with the control . the landing leg retract , rip free . ripley slam she seat harness latch home . ripley punch it , Bishop ! the entire lower level of the station disappear in a fireball . the air vibrate with intense heat wave and concussion . the drop-ship engine fire . ripley be slam back in she seat . the ship vault out and up , Bishop stand it on its tail , pour on the gee . ripley and newt see everything shake into a blur . ext . stratosphere 188 the drop-ship lunge up and out of the cloud layer into the clear high night . below , the cloud light up from beneath from horizon to horizon . a SUN hot dome of ENERGY burst up through the cloud layer , whiting out the frame . the tiny ship be slam by the shockwave , toss forward ... and climb , scorched but function , toward the star . int . drop -ship 189 ripley and newt watch the blind glare fade away and they sit , wide - eye , tremble , realize they be finally and truly safe . newt start to cry quietly , and ripley stroke she hair . ripley it 's okay , baby . we make it . it 's over . int . sulaco cargo lock - in orbit - later 190 the scorched and batter ship once again sit in its drop-bay , steam blast from cool vent beside the engine . rotating clearance light sweep the dark chamber hypnotically . int . drop -ship 191 Bishop stand behind ripley as she kneel beside a comatose hick . bishop I give he a shot , for the pain . we will need to get a stretcher to cart he up to medical . ripley nod and , pick up newt , precede Bishop down the aisle to the load ramp . bishop I be sorry if I give you a scare but that platform be just become too unstable ... int . cargo lock - drop -ship 192 Bishop continue as they move down the ramp . bishop I have to circle and hope thing do not get too rough to take you off . ripley turn to he , stop partway down the ramp . she put she hand on he shoulder . ripley you do okay , Bishop . bishop well , thanks , I -- he notice a tiny innocuous drop of liquid splash onto the ramp next to he shoe . ssssss . acid . something burst from he chest , spraying ripley with milklike android blood . it be the razor- sharp scorpion tail of the alien queen . drive right through he from behind . Bishop thrashes , seize the protrude section of tail in he hand , as be slowly lift he off the deck . above they the Queen glower from its place of concealment among the hydraulic mechanism inside one landing - leg bay . it blend perfectly with the machinery until it begin to emerge . seize Bishop in two great hand it rip he apart and fling he aside , shred , like a doll . it descend slowly to the deck , the rotate light glisten across its shiny black limb , drip acid and rage . still smoking where ripley half - fry it . the Queen be huge , powerful ... and very piss off . it descend slowly , its six limb unfold in inhuman geometry . ripley move with nightmarish slowness herself , stare hypnotize ... terrify to break and run . she lower newt to the deck , never take she eye off the creature . ripley ( to newt ) go! newt run for cover . the alien drop to the deck , pivote toward the motion . ripley wave she arm , decoy . ripley here ! without warning it move like lightning , straight at she . ripley spin , sprinting , as the creature leap for she . its foot slam , echoing , on the deck behind she . she clear a door . Hit the switch . it whirr close . boom . the alien hit a moment later . int . dark chamber 193 ripley move ferret - quick among dark , unrecognizable machine . various angle very tight on what she be do ... she foot go into stirruplike mechanism . velcro strap fastened over they . finger stabbing button in a sequence . her hand close on a complex grip-control . the hum of powerful motor . the whine of hydraulics . int . cargo lock 194 the Queen turn its attention from the door to newt as the little girl crawl into a system of trenchlike service channel which cross the deck . the channel be cover by steel grillework and barely big enough for she to crawl through . int . channel 195 newt scurries like a rabbit as the loom figure of the alien appear above , see through the bar . a section of grille be rip away behind she . she scramble desperately . another section be rip away right at she heel . Light pour in . the next will be right above she . int . cargo lock 196 the Queen spin at the sound of door motor behind she . the parting door reveal a inhuman silhouette stand there . ripley step out , wearing two ton of hardened steel . the power loader . like medieval armor with the power of a bulldozer . she take a step ... the massive foot crash-clangs to the deck . she take another , advance . ripley 's expression be one you hope you will never see ... Hell hath no fury like that of a mother protect she child and that primal , murderous rage surge through she now , banish all fear . ripley get away from she , you bitch ! the Queen screech pure lethality and leap . wallop ! a roundhouse from one great hydraulic arm catch it on its hideous skull and slam it into a wall . it rebound into a massive backhand . crash ! it go backward into heavy load equipment . ripley ( scream ) come on ! the Queen emerge as a blur of rage , lash with unbelievable fury . the battle be join . claw swipe , tail lash . ripley parry with radical swipe of the steel fork . they circle in a whirling blur , demolosh everything in they path . the cavernous chamber echoe with nightmarish sound ... whine , crash , clang , screech . they lock in a death embrace . ripley close the fork , crush two of the creature 's limb . it lash and writhes with incredible fury , come within inch of she expose body . she lift it off the ground . the hind leg rip at she , slamm against the safety cage , dent it in . the strike tooth extend almost a meter from inside its fange maw , shoot between the crash -bar . she duck and the tooth slam into the seat cushion behind she dead in a spray of drool . yellow acid foam down the hydraulic arm toward she . the creature rip at high - pressure hose . purple hydraulic fluid spray ... machine blood mixing with alien blood . they topple , off balance . the Queen pin she . ripley hit a switch . the power loader 's cutting torch flare on , directly in the thing 's face . they roll together , over the lip of a rectangular pit , a vertical loading airlock . int . loading lock 197 they crash together four meter below , twisted in the loader 's wreckage . the alien shriek , pin . ripley pull she arm out of the control of the loader and claw toward a panel of airlock actuate button . she slap the red " inner door override " and latch the " hold " lock - key down . a klaxon begin to sound . she hit " outer door OPEN " and there be a hurricane shriek of air as the door on which they be lie separate , revealing the infinite pit of star , below . all this time the alien have be lash at she in a frenzy and she have be parry desperately in the confine space . the airlock become a wind tunnel , blast and buffett she as she struggle to unstrap from the loader . the air of the vast ship howl past she into space as she claw she way up a service ladder . int . cargo BAY 198 newt scream as the hurricane airstream suck she across the floor toward the airlock . Bishop , tear virtually in two , he pastalike internal organ whipped by the wind , grip a stanchion and reach desperately for newt as she slide past he . he catch she arm and hang on as she dangle , doll - like , in the airblast . int . loading lock 199 the alien seize ripley 's ankle . she lock she arm around a ladder rung , feel they almost tear out of they shoulder socket . the door open farther , all of space yawn below . the loader tumble clear , fall away . it drag the alien , still clutching one of ripley 's lucky hi-top , into the depth of space . its shriek fade , it go . with all she strength ripley fight the blast air , crawl over the lip of the inner doorway . she release the override from a second panel . the inner door close . the turbulent air eddyy and settles . she lie on she back , drain of all strength . gasp for breath . weakly she turn she head , see Bishop still hold newt by the arm . encrust with he own vanilla milkshake blood . Bishop give she a small , grim smile . bishop not bad for a human . he wink . ripley cross to newt . newt ( weakly ) mommy ... mommy ? ripley right here , baby . right here . ripley hug she desperately . int . corridor 200 ripley limp along the corridor , carry newt on she hip . the ship 's system hum comfortingly . newt 's head rest on she shoulder . newt be we go to sleep now ? ripley that 's right . newt can we dream ? ripley yes , honey . I think we both can . hold on they as they recede down the long straight corridor . fade out the end