alien : covenant screenplay by John Logan base on the screenplays by Dante W harper and Michael Green November 20 , 2015 " better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven . " milton paradise lose ext . space peaceful slow darkness . soon shattered by violence . the birth of a new star . cosmic dust float , move faster now , spiralling into a inner , spin core . flash like heat lightning , until the hydrogen in the center ignite , burst into bright flame -- a shockwave ripple out , crashing past US , obliterating everything -— — then we jump to a wider view . we see the vast explosion be a tiny puff , the new star among many star . all be still and quiet . the serene ocean of space . until a tiny object whip past the edge of a nebula . we find it , close in on ... ext . colony ship covenant the covenant . a colony ship ; build for speed and distance . the star around her distort , gravity lensing as the ship move faster than light . title : deep - Space colony ship covenant crew : 14 , +1 synthetic passengers : 3600 mission : terraform and populate destination : origae -6 date : 2103 , 239 light - year from Earth the covenant be 500 meter long . the long central body of the ship be make of self - contain module , like wagon in a wagon train . jutting from the central body be three dominant area : interstellar drive ; crew module ; terraforming BAY . int . covenant-various the nursery like be inside a gigantic snow globe . a gentle snow fall . everything encrust in a light frost . 2. in the darken passenger cryo - stasis hold , a kiosk beep , awaken . name spell out on a screen crust in ice . dim green light flicker out over 3600 cryo - pod , under the thin blanket of snow ... the thousand of pod sweep up along the huge curve wall , defy gravity . we see the frozen face of ... women , men , child ... also bank of embryos at various stage ... the kiosk finish the inventory , the female computer voice speak : mother 7 o'clock . all 's well . ship 's bell ring . the display flicker out . all go dark . the bridge empty and dark until ... blinder on the bridge window OPEN . distant sunlight spill over captain 's chair . terraforming BAY a gigantic , shadowy chamber . enormous vehicle . Earth -move truck and machine . clamp and tethere in position . poise and wait like silent dinosaur . crew sleep BAY 14 hyper-sleep pod . Dancing readout indicate the health status of the sleep crew . we note something different about this sleep bay : all the pod be set in pair . two by two , like noah 's ark . corridor we creep down a long hall , we hear ... someone whistling ... int . covenant-wardroom large room , table , cooking equipment . where the senior crew congregate . one wall be a dramatic vertical garden that slope up elegantly from the floor . fruit , vegetable , greenery for oxidation . hydroponic pool on various tier . someone tend the garden , whistling . back to we . on he knee , plant a seedling . his hand be delicate , loving . this man care about live thing . 3. he glance up as he wipe some condensation from he brow . be it david ? the android from prometheus ? no . it 's walter . a android who look identical to David . only he hair be dark and comb differently . we hear mother , the computer : mother that 's a fallacy , you know . walter what ? mother that music facilitate plant growth . walter why do you think I be whistling to the plant ? he stand and clean he hand . proud of he work . mother it 's time to recharge the energy grid . let 's be about it , walter . walter nag , nag , nag . mother mother know best . he smile , go . int . covenant-corridors he move through the corridor , play with the little bit of dirt on he finger . walter do you not like whistling ? mother I like efficiency . he move into ... int . covenant - bridge the light flicker on as walter move to one of the control console . walter there 's get to be more to life than efficiency . mother not for machine , walter . walter ( sotto ) bitch . he settles into the control and go to work , key in : initiate automate refuel cycle ext . covenant - orbiting ice giant the glowing ball of ENERGY that power the interstellar drive dim , and the optical ripple around the ship settles , as the conventional drive flare into life . the covenant swing into orbit around the methane -blue ice giant . then ... the ship 's huge ENERGY collection sail unfurl , silvery , diaphanous ... now , the amazing ship be something new : beautiful . the majestic sail give it the romantic feel of a mighty galleon . int . covenant -bridge - later the distant SUN and the gas giant , the edge of collection sail visible . walter sit , foot up . look at that last bit of dirt on he fingertip . he blow it away , something poignant and human in the tiny act . mother walter . we may have a problem ... a strong neutrino burst be detect in sector 106 . it be weak , but it could trigger a larger event ... on the holo nav display walter zoom in on the nebula , see flare here , there ... ... then a much larger flare . his calm eye suddenly anxious -- walter Channel all reserve power to the magnetic shield and retract the sail -- 5 . but then the distant nebula explode into blinding light , the bridge fill with a loud radio-electric hiss as outside -- ext . covenant - in orbit above gas giant a massive shockwave of charge particle roil through the system . the ionosphere of the gas giant ignites with crackling aurorae as -- the shockwave slam into the covenant -— the covenant roll violently -— the sail on one side shreed , burn , as the entire ship lurch dangerously -- int . covenant-bridge walter stagger to he foot , momentarily blind . alarm be sounding . the holo -map flicker , waver . but walter be android - calm as he flip at high speed through damage report on a holo map of the craft -- mother multiple system failure in need of attention , but overall structural integrity be maintain during the incident -- walter I know , mother . please initiate emergency crew revival . and I '1l need - — his eye narrow on a blinking damage report from the nursery -- walter fuck . he bolt -- int . covenant-corridors walter run flat - out , no apparent exertion , a android 's amazing mechanical speed -- meanwhile -- int . covenant -primary crew sleep BAY daniel gasp painfully -- 6 . she bolt awake , slamm into the close plastic lid of she sleep pod -- her hand batter up at it as it slowly open . she wrench herself up and out and into -- Chaos . most of the pod be already open . other be open . the crew can be see , kneel , on the floor , puke , sweat and shaking -- spark and flash emergency light . smoke . the din of sharp klaxon -- daniel be disorient -- there 's someone shaking she -- oram Daniels , we -- can you hear I ...?! oram -- intense , sternly commanding -- be at she side , he 's little better than she be , sweat and ill -- oram for fuck sake , wake up ! there be a power surge and -- tennessee -- she old friend -- help pull she up -- tennessee come on , darlin’ , Jacob 's in trouble . Jacob need we -- at that , she spin -- the pod next to she , she husband 's pod , have be damage -- it 's crackle with spark and smoking inside . Daniels claw at it . she can see she husband 's face . he 's still asleep , but twitching in pain . daniel get it OPEN ! Daniels and Tennessee wrench at the pod to open it . oram try all the electrical command : spark explode . grow panic . her husband 's face twitches more in pain . sergeant lope quickly join they -- he 's a soldier , muscular , steady and responsible -- sergeant lope stand back ! he slam at the pod 's lock mechanism uselessly with a emergency fire axe -- Inside the pod , more spark , and smoke -- and then fire ! Daniels fling herself on the pod , claw desperately -- Inside -- her husband 's eye snap open . they lock eye . for one moment . everything be very still . then -- the pod be fill with flame . he 's incinerate before she eye . under she hand . she scream . Tennessee wrench she away from the pod and fold she into he body , comforting . oram and sergeant lope step back . defeat , emotional . oram sink to the ground . his wife -- karine -- comfort he . silence in the room , everyone watch . then the pod 's fire retardant kick in . fill it with a blast of steam . so we can no longer see the horror within . int . covenant-nursery walter bolt in at top speed -- screech to a stop . his worst fear realize . one of the section of sleep pod have collapsed . fall in on itself . a terrible image of spark and shattered pod and dead cold body . death have come to the covenant . int . covenant-communal shower / locker room - later in the shower crew member shower in silence . large room , unisex . Tennessee 's wife , faris -- every bit the engineer and pilot he be , and equally big heart -- share a look with she husband . what a fuck day . in the locker room other pull on mission jumpsuit , somber . some stretch , sore , still recover from sleep . all anxious , tense . rick , bridge crew , look out a window with he wife , upworth , also bridge crew . they see bit of a burned sail - micron-thin foil - hang tatter and still . rick how bad be it ? upworth look like the electrics get it worst . mostly stuff we can fix . tennessee ( pass from shower ) yeah , except for the stuff we can not . he mean ... one mission jumpsuit hang in a OPEN locker , uncollect . name over the locker : daniel and branson . photo of the happy couple , and a note , " we made it ! " upworth after Jacob -- guess that make oram captain now , huh ? tennessee lucky we . mother senior staff please assemble in the wardroom in ten minute . thank you for you promptness . faris ( pass from shower ) we master 's voice . she join Tennessee at they locker and they begin to change . int . covenant-wardroom the senior Crew be gather . as this be a colonization mission the crew be make up of couple , to create stable family unit on they new world . we meet they again : oram : the new Captain . life Sciences . handsome , complicated and ambitious , come across arrogant . karine : he wife. life Sciences . quirky and imaginative where he be intense . humanize he a bit . tennessee : Bridge crew and pilot . Daniels 's old friend . rural and wry . solid as a rock . faris : Tennessee 's wife . Bridge crew and pilot . his equal in all thing , and a better pilot . she wear a batter cowboy hat . sergeant lope : head of Security team . handsome , intense and commit . Old -school military , new-school relationship ... he be join by he male partner , sergeant hallet , a Security Officer ... sergeant hallet ( to oram ) sorry I be late . lope give hallet 's hand a squeeze when he sit . oram Captain . hallet look at he , unsure . oram I be sorry I be late , Captain . sergeant hallet yes , sir . sorry , sir . oram ( to walter ) report . walter we lose forty seven colonist and 16 second generation embryos . and one crew member . 10. tennessee what the hell be it ? walter a highly charge shockwave from a nearby stellar ignition . as the sail be deploy for the refuel , we absorb the full brunt of the storm . if we have -- oram ( interrupt ) what be the chance of something like this happen again ? walter another such event would be highly unlikely . it be bad luck , sir . faris we have get , what , six more refuel cycle to go before we get there ? walter if origae - 6 prove habitable , yes ... shall we schedule the funeral service , sir ? for the dead . oram let 's worry about repair first . sergeant lope ( protest ) hold on -- we just lose 47 colonist -- and we Captain . we need to acknowledge that -- karine ( to oram , she husband ) he 's right , Bill . oram ( snap ) and if we do not make repair we could lose all the colonist -- and they be the entire point of the mission , in case you need remind , lady and gentleman . tennessee we should do something for Captain branson at least . oram I really do not think -- tennessee ( firm ) no , we should do something for the Captain . oram well -- do we even know if he be religious ? daniel he be not . she 's just enter , join they . look awful , on the edge , but she 's there . daniel be a formidable woman . tough , smart and beautiful . there 's something dark and powerful in she , hide depth . she 's fond of walter and Tennessee be a old friend ... and oram have never get along . tennessee hey , Danny . how ya do ? she sit . a empty chair conspicuous next to she . daniel good , good . the terraforming module be stable although the , um , connect strut take some damage . I still need to check the drone . walter I can help if you like . daniel thanks . oram how long before we can make we next jump ? walter repair should take a few day . but we should make a effort to vacate this sector , in case there be after-flare . oram then let 's go to work . dismiss . 12 . they disperse . Tennessee mouth to Faris : '' dismiss '' ? oram talk to Daniels privately . oram you should take a few day off . daniel I have rather keep busy . oram that be not a request . she look at he evenly . oram look , Danny , I know Jacob and I do not always see eye to eye . but I be responsible for the mission now -- and I need you at you best . take a couple day . Cry it out , okay ? daniel how about I mourn in my own way ? +e. Sir . she go . oram stand for a moment , look out the window . be he up to the job ? ext . covenant - '' morning '' Tennessee be work on the hull of the ship , wear a heavyduty space suit with its own propulsion system . * he weld a blast panel , arclight flickering on he visor . the blue SUN crest , rise over the dark gas giant . tennessee ( to com ) damn . y'all should see this view . rick ( on com ) we be not see anything until you get the array fix . tennessee ( to com ) why do not you look out the damn window , pal ? 13. the mini - jets on he suit come to life , head to the ship 's prow . int . covenant-nursery the light snow fall . the mist of frost . captain oram stand , supervise a grim task . a biohazard -suite team ( private ledward and cole ) be sorting through the mess of pale corpse , prepare they for burial . Zipping they into body bag . it 's tough , physical work and ledward and Cole fumble with one of the body as they put it into a body bag . oram ( snap ) some reverence for the dead , please . they exchange a look : asshole . karine , monitoring some of the sleep pod , shoot a look to oram : karine easy , Bill . int . covenant-daniels 's cabin too big for one really . she sit , hunch on the king size bed . her finger unconsciously touch she wedding ring as she eye move over the room ... she husband 's shoe next to hers in the closet ... he collection of old vinyl record and phonograph . her eye stop at the picture of they on the dresser . she go to the dresser , start remove he clothing ... later : all he clothing , neatly arrange around the room . she look at it all . touch he thing . feeling he in they . she 's emotional now , can not push it away anymore . later : 14. photograph and holo-picture of they . spread out like a mosaic on the floor . she kneel amidst they ; study they , touch they , say goodbye . she press a hologram - picture activation button : her late husband jacob in front of the Grand teton mountain in Wyoming : jacob ( holo - picture ) hey , when be you get here ? I miss you ! look at that mountain . I know , I know , I say I would not climb without you but -- come on , look at that ! get you ass up here or I can not promise -- she freeze the image . sob now . her tear splash through the hologram image , like rain . later : everything have be put away . neat and tidy . she stand in the center of the room . her eye red , exhaust from weep . absolutely no idea what to do with herself . she jump when the door chime sound . she answer the door , it 's walter . he carry a little box . walter good evening . do I intrude ? daniel no. come in . good to see you ... good to see anyone . walter I bring you something . he hand she the box . she open it . Inside : three perfectly roll joint . she smile , glance to he . 15 . walter the atmospheric condition in the garden be ideal for cannabis growth . daniel you think of everything . walter it 's just my programming . daniel that 's not true . walter if I may ... I understand that keep active can be a effective method in help to process trauma . would it be useful to go back to work ? daniel oram take I off the duty roster . walter I be not suggest we inform he . she look at he , amused , thankful . int . terraforming BAY flashlight cut through the icy gloom . the tire of the enormous earth -move truck tower above daniel and walter . the crane and digger and dump truck be mountainous . strange vehicle shape and silhouettes of hang equipment . this be Daniels 's domain . her toy . she 's the mission 's Chief terraformist . she and walter wear space suit . they check the vehicle and climb higher in the chamber as they talk . daniel -.. it be not even my idea . Jacob have this dream of building a cabin on a new world -- like the old pioneer on Earth . a cabin next to a lake . there 's a lake in the terraforming zone on origae - 6 . I mean a real cabin , make of real wood . so in ship 's store there 's wood for a cabin . and metal nail . ( more ) 16 . daniel ( cont 'd ) which I do not have the slight idea how to assemble . I be sure he throw away the instruction , because he be always do that ... they stop for a moment as she check some equipment . he shine he flashlight to help she see . a beat . she stop . she look down over the massive terraforming equipment . he see the sadness creep into she eye . daniel all of this , to make we new life --- now I wonder , why bother ? walter because you promise to build a cabin on a lake . she look at he . appreciate the sentiment . daniel ... there 's one more thing I have like you help with . int . covenant -waste ejection the ship 's disposal facility . currently rig for a grim task . her husband 's pod-like coffin be ready to be eject . walter stand with daniel . walter would you like I to say something ? I be program with multiple funerary service in a variety of denomination , or nondenominational if you prefer . daniel no , thanks . a beat . walter if you do not need a funeral service , may I ask why you want I to accompany you ? she look 17 . daniel the crew be make up of couple . that be the whole point ... everyone but I now . at he . daniel I think you might know something about be alone . he seem touch , in he way . the door slide open and tennessee and he wife faris join they . they have a bottle of Jack Daniels and four shot glass . Old friend . he pour . faris ( hug she ) hey , Danny . daniel thanks for come . tennessee ( be : the bottle ) his favorite . Tennessee 's finest . man with taste . tennessee straight up . '' no ice , no water , no chaser , no shit '' ... walter ? walter when in Rome . faris amen , brother . they all have drink . a moment . Tennessee toast . tennessee a good man , go too soon . remember he . all remember he . 18 . they drink . Daniels look at the coffin one last time . prepare herself . daniel mother. Music database . Jacob jazz mix one . track one . nat King Cole 's '' unforgettable '' begin to play . her husband 's favorite song . tear in she eye . she steel herself for it . reaches forward . press a button and -- whoosh -- ext . covenant the coffin-pod shoot from the ship ... arcing away dramatically as the song swell ... and be finally go . int . covenant-bridge - '' morning '' next day . rick , upworth and faris be at they station . tennessee be again work in space . captain oram and walter enter : rick array 's almost on -line , sir . oram warily sit in the Captain 's chair . test the feel of it . then the full light begin to flicker on . all the console spring to life . hologram flash and form and reform quickly , orient themselves . relief from the crew . upworth ( to com ) well do , T. we be live up here . come on in . tennessee ( on com ) do not leave without I now . faris please , leave without he . daniel enter , go to oram : 19 . daniel request permission to return to duty , Captain . oram grant and welcome back . how you feel ? daniel ( glance to Faris ) Little headache . Faris smile . '' Little headache '' mean hang over . ext . outside the ship - '' morning '' meanwhile , tennessee be work in a space suit at the farthest reach of one of the newly - repair sail ; at the distant communication satellite array . various digital and telemetry readout be reflect on the inside of the visor of he helmet so he can monitor they . he have complete he work . he close a maintenance panel and then maneuver the jet on he suit to return to the ship : tennessee ( to com ) head back to the airlock . please have a cold one ready for the weary traveller . upworth ( on com ) you be still on duty , T. ( sotto ) and the Captain 's on the bridge by the way , so watch -- suddenly -— the audio go dead . and the digital display SNAP off . silence . darkness but for the glow from outside . it 's now very quiet and dark and lonely inside that helmet . tennessee +... covenant , you read I ...? covenant , please respond ... nothing . then -- a_ghastly white face suddenly flash past he - — on the inside of he helmet -— 20 . inches away -- he scream in SHOCK -- upworth ( on com , breaking up ) Tennessee , we be have trouble -- you -- tennessee ( to com ) ghost ! saw a fuck ghost ! int . covenant-bridge - '' morning '' faris lean into upworth 's station : faris what do he say ? upworth a ghost ... faris ( to com ) Tennessee , you read I ? ext . outside the ship - '' morning '' with Tennessee -- again -- the ghastly white face , flick across the inside of he visor , clearer now . a woman . in anguish . the face still unrecognizable , stretch like ectoplasm -- this time there 's a terrible screeching SOUND -- deafen -- terrifying -- a jumble of mad sound -- like speak in tongue -— tennessee ( on com ) fucking ghost ! there 's a ghost out here . get I inside ! get I inside ! int . covenant -bridge - later Tennessee 's helmet be on a diagnostic table , connect to various computer and monitor . the crew be gather around it . the helmet be project telemetry and data into the air , a hologram . 21 . then they see the anguish female face flicker through the hologram -- tennessee there she be . oram what the hell be that ? walter it 's a rogue transmission most likely . you helmet must have pick it up because you be so far out , past we communication buffer . upworth ( at her station ) it 's a signal for sure . come from somewhere in the neighborhood . but nothing there on the chart . walter mother , can we hear the audio , please ? the hologram image pulse and shake as the audio play . the screeching frightening sound . rick gotta be a echo . or a glitch . the instrument take a lot of damage -- walter ( pull up data ) no . it 's in the log , too . every 8 second , ever since we get here . oram speak in tongue ... they look at he . oram I be raise pentecostal . Real hell and brimstone . this sound like speak in tongue ... mother . slow down the signal to discrete word pattern . and reverse it . mother work . please stand by . 22 . oram the Devil 's tongue be God 's language invert . the language of lie . mother I have reorient the transmission , Captain oram . oram on audio . a voice ... still distort and eerie . but human . female . urgent . female voice ( audio breaking up ) .-. please , please , if you hear this , come and ... help we ... everyone 's die . they be all die ... they be stunne . a human . out this far . walter there 's geometric data , too . walter manipulate the floating holo signal , eye darting as he decode it , pull the 3-d data around and connect point -- then the holo display abruptly distort , flicker , and goe out . shaky blue pixel suddenly fill the holo , spilling over into the bridge , filling the room as -- female image ( hologram ) -..- Mountains of they now . I can not ... they be all die . it 's ... the image settles and morph into a distorted figure , walking , life-size . the image cohere , and we can see ... it 's elizabeth shaw . her image fall apart , re-form , as she pass through solid object ... shaw 's image ( hologram ) -.. please come ... please help we ... we do not know what ... shaw 's image walk through a wall , and they rush to follow -- 23 . shaw be in anguish now . she fall to she knee and pray . the word of the Catholic prayer for the dead desperately whisper - — shaw 's image ( hologram ) -.-. '' eternal rest grant unto they , o Lord , and let perpetual light shine upon they , May the soul of all the faithful depart , through the mercy of God , rest in peace ... eternal rest grant unto they , o Lord , and let perpetual light shine upon - - '' the image abruptly lock up -- the pixel scatter , fade . a dumbfounded beat as the holo go dark , reboot . walter ( eyeing he holo ) interesting ... daniel what ? he turn to they . a sort of wonder in he eye . walter it 's not come from a ship . in front of he : a blurry navigation image of a uncharted STAR . ext . covenant - later the SUN crest the side of the gas giant below . the covenant be already look ship -shape ; half the sail up , none burn . rick ( v.o . ) she 's a main sequence star , a lot like we own . five planet ... int . covenant-bridge on the holo chart , fresh data show a bright STAR and five planet . rick --. and one of they : square in the habitable zone . a prime candidate . he zoom in on a rough planetary model : 24 . rick 0.96 gs at surface , ocean . High likelihood of a live biosphere . Beyond we most optimistic projection for origae - 6 , in fact . oram where be it ? rick she 's close . just a short jump . we would not even have to go to sleep . the weight of this hit they all . no more hyper-sleep . a possible new home . they all look to oram . time to be the Captain . oram all right , let 's take a look . later : Daniels go to Captain oram at the forward window , where he 's look over the cosmos . she talk to he privately . daniel you sure about this , Bill ? oram what do you mean ? daniel I mean we spend a decade search for origae - 6 . we vetted it , we run the simulation , we mapped the terrain -- it 's what we train for . oram I understand that but -- daniel and now we be go to scrap all that to chase a rogue transmission ? oram what do it cost we to take a look ? a few week ? daniel think about it . a human be out here where there should not be any human . ( more ) 25 . daniel ( cont 'd ) a hide planet that suddenly appear out of nowhere . and a planet that just happen to be perfect for we . it 's too good to be true . oram look , I know you and Jacob have big plan about have a family on origae - 6 and -- daniel ( protest ) hold on , this have nothing to do with --! oram but what if this place be better ? a better habitat for the colony -- daniel it 's irresponsible to deviate from the mission ! it be too strongly state . too angry , too loud . she know it . people have glance over . a beat . he give she a patient , icy smile . oram you must not question my judgement . not on my bridge , Danny . he make sure he word land , and then go . she gaze out the window , troubled . int . covenant-daniels 's cabin - later she 's lie on the bed , smoking a joint . deep in think . one of she late husband 's record spin on the old fashioned turntable . Jazz play . mother all crew member , please stand by for jump to interstellar drive . thank you for you attention . she reach over and lift the needle from the record . hold it up . do not want to scratch the album in the jolt as -- 26 . ext . covenant - space the covenant 's secondary drive go dark , and the interstellar drive , like a artificial SUN , flare to life -- the space around the covenant ripples , and the covenant move , slowly at first ... then ... she 's gone -- int . covenant-daniels 's cabin the star bend and morph past outside the window . the ride be utterly smooth now . Daniels lower the needle back on the album . the jazz music resume . she lie back . Troubled . take a hit of the joint . exhales . the smoke and the music take we to ... ext . engineer homeworld SUN - space a bluish SUN flare in the vacuum of space ... the star near the sun ripple as the covenant suddenly phase out of hyperjump , sling - shotting around and slow ... int . covenant - bridge -approaching the planet daniel be apprehensive . all hand at tense readiness as a white - blue dot , with two moons , hang in the distance ... at the navigation holo , walter watch as mother 's system flag the approach planet and moon in real time ... rick ( to upworth ) you hearing anything ? upworth try every band . it 's dead quiet out there ... just the continue signal from we friendly ghost . tennessee the siren 's song . oram bring we into close orbit . 27 . ext . covenant - approaching the planet the covenant cruise past a moon , into high orbit above the planet . the ship 's instrument cluster' scope rotate , scanning , as -- int . covenant-bridge the holo model of the planet refine as data pile in . rick adjust he view , change spectra . he see arcing tendril of ENERGY around the planet -- tennessee frown at it -- tennessee Hell of a strong ionosphere . rick yep . Way better than Earth 's too . she 's lucky . keeps good stuff in , and the bad stuff out ; cosmic ray , solar flare - you name it . like a big , warm blanket . faris Big warm blanket gonna be a motherfucker to land through . data move on walter 's screen . walter i_have visual . cloud , ocean , continent , what must be vegetation , shade different than Earth - but richer ... a hush fall as they watch . faris God damn . it 's just like Earth ... daniel we will see , right ? faris what I would not give to feel a little ocean breeze , catch I some wave ... as they swing past the dark side , dazzling GREEN aurorae float and drift , lightning flicker in storm . continent ... dark . 28 . walter no light . no visible sign of civilization . oram do not hesitate : oram prepare the lander . the crew , aside from Daniels and walter , be delighted . High fives and holler . ext . covenant - later the lander -- a large landing craft -- disengage from the covenant . its engine flare as it orient for drop -- int . covenant-bridge upworth watch video feed of the lander head away . upworth ( on com ) you trajectory look gorgeous from up here , Faris . tennessee , in command of the covenant now , anxiously watch through the forward window . ext . lander the lander readies for entry , already tiny against the vast , half - dark planet , peeling by below -- int . lander-bridge faris pilot the craft . captain oram and walter be also station on the bridge . the other be elsewhere in the ship . trajectory model tick by , the ship inverting as it drop . upworth ( on com ) everything look good down there ? faris ( to com ) all good , covenant . expect to hit upper atmosphere in five ... might want to hang on in the back , we be about to -- the power on the lander abruptly flicker , dim ... 29 . faris ( to com ) covenant ? you read we ? int . covenant-bridge a alarm ping . upworth frown . Tennessee see the lander 's engine flutter out ... int . lander -bridge Faris hit unresponsive control , they drift , rolling - oram what 's go on ...?! faris we lose power . oram oh god-- the ship start to shake violently from entry . Faris 's tension mount , hit more button -- int . lander -landing seat the other crew member be strapped in further back in the ship . they grab on desperately . daniel shoot a look to sergeant lope . private cole cross himself . karine be very anxious at the turbulence : karine be this normal ?! sergeant lope no . karine I hate space . sergeant hallet and private ledward and anker complete the landing party . int . lander-bridge the ship be really drifting now -- the turbulence terrifying . when suddenly -- the light flicker back up . the engine gun back on - upworth ( on com ) — lander , do you read ! ? 30 . faris ( to com ) yeah , yeah . I read you . think we be ... ok now . then they 're through , slashing through dense cloud and smoothly cruising above dark ocean that lead to mountain ... faris ( to com ) underway - look like we get mountain . ext . lander-mountains - day the lander soar down , and slice through the cloud to reveal ... majestic scenery . Slate grey mountain , top obscure in mist . deep forest . Ansel Jacobs austere beauty . on the edge of savage . the lander hover into a landing . int . lander -landing seat in the back , the expedition team feel the ship settle , and all but tear off they seat belt , relieved . daniel be first up and out . int . lander -bridge oram what the hell happen up there ? faris New power cell must have fritze out . i’1l cycle ‘em while you be go . daniel enter , anxiously go to the window . daniel how far out be we ? walter signal 's source be eight kilometer west . and up . right on target . faris ( nod out the window ) walter , would you do the honors ? 31 . ext . planet - beneath the lander - day the landing BAY open . walter walk down a ramp . stop . walter one small step for man ... he step onto the planet 's surface . inhale deeply . take a moment to analyze the air , even savor it , like wine -tasting . walter ( to com ) atmosphere be 72 % nitrogen , 23 % oxygen . 40 % humidity . 6 % chance of precipitation ... all in all , lovely day for a stroll . int . covenant -bridge - later tennessee look at the holo model of the lander , the terrain spread out around it . data errors prominent , part of the 3 - D model 's surface blocky and shaking ... faris ( on com , unclear ) not go to ... suit ... find the source of the transmission ... upworth ( to com ) Faris , see if you can get more power to the uplink , signal 's fall apart up here . int . lander - bridge - day faris work various station : faris ( to com ) I ’‘1l be cycle the power cell too , that might help . oram ( on com ) Faris , we be head out . keep expedition security protocol in place . she look out the window and see ... ext . lander - day ... captain oram speak up to she on com . she give a thumb up in response . 32 . faris ( on com ) understood . have fun y’all . the expedition team be ready . they have no need of breathe gear , but wear properly tough expedition uniform and pack . walter power up a portable display - show the way to follow the signal . the soldier be heavily - armed . oram all right then . let 's go find we ghost ... walter ? walter head toward the treeline in the distance . sergeant lope snap open a beautiful fold bow . Black carbon fiber . he string a arrow and lead the way ... his man take up defensive perimeter position . the expedition team be : Daniels ; walter ; Captain oram ; Karine ; sergeant lope and hallet ; private Cole , ledward and anker . ext . forest -various - day they walk , it 's quiet , footstep muffle . all be alert . on edge . Silent . they travel ... the forest get more dense , the terrain rockier ... up hill ... they finally hear something new . flow water ... ext . forest stream - day they discover a beautiful forest stream , flow down from the distant mountain . and life . midge and tiny insect buzz about the water , like dust mote , catch the light shaft slashing down through the tree . it 's a bit of a miracle . life . captain oram smile , he hand gently move through the haze of little insect . suddenly sergeant hallet jump back , shocked -- 33 . sergeant hallet fuck I --! a large salamander - like creature have run over he foot . disappear into some rock . sergeant hallet laugh at he scare ... Karine try to find the salamander . private cole how be this even ... possible ? oram it 's not just possible - it 's predictable . life be the result of very basic force . find a planet in the triple point , add sun and water . thermodynamics start the process - with a little luck , evolution do the rest . ( smile ) but I 'il admit this be ... beyond all expectation . tennessee ( on com ) expedition team . you read we ? int . bridge-covenant tennessee can see the view , the SUN dapple down , from the team 's body cam . but the image be break up -- tennessee ( to com ) what 's happen ? we be have a hell of a time tracking you . you be break up ... oram ( on com ) almost halfway to target ... life everywhere ... Beyond anything ... the signal dissolves into noise . the holo terrain map twitches . tennessee dammit . ext . forest stream - day karine look upstream , not want to leave . daniel eye the sky , anxious . daniel how much farther be it ? 34 . walter we be about ... five kilometer out , but it 's mostly uphill - a couple hour perhaps ? karine ( to oram ) Bill , I have like to stay here . might be we best chance to do a full ecology workup . oram ( nod ) sergeant , can you provide security ? sergeant lope motion to pvt . ledward , who join Karine . lope ledward , stay with she . meet back here in four hour . keep you radio on . Captain oram give he wife a quick kiss . oram do not touch anything icky . Karine smile . the expedition team continue on . ext . high plain - day a ethereal sight . enormously tall grass , look like wheat . sway beautifully in the gentle afternoon breeze . the team be crossing a wide , high plain . move through the sinuous grass that tower over they . walter walk with Daniels . walter Nice place for a log cabin . daniel Jacob would have love this ... Captain oram catch up with they . 35 . oram what do you think , Daniels ? we could probably put the whole covenant down here . look like a perfect landing site . ready access to fresh water too ... ( gesture , imagine it ) put the housing module over there , civic module across the way . instant colony ! daniel ( non-committal ) we will see . oram we be mean to find this place . Daniels glance at he . odd thing to say . oram continue past they , trooping away , disappear in the sway stalk . Daniels and walter continue on through the jungle of tall grass and come across lope and hallet . lope have pull down one of the long stalk and be crush the top in he hand , taste a bit with the tip of he tongue . lope -.. this be wheat . daniel it can not be . lope I be from Iowa . believe I , I know wheat . walter how 's that possible ? hallet maybe casper will tell we ... hallet whistle the '' casper the friendly ghost '' theme song as he and lope continue on . daniel ( to walter ) what be the odd of find human vegetation this far from earth ? 36 . walter statistically -- it 's impossible . daniel so ... who plant it ? they exchange a look and then continue on , push through the high stalk . we see there 's serious mountain terrain ahead . sharp crag and ridge . much of this obscure by high elevation fog and mist . ext . forest stream - day meanwhile , karine have fill a few mylar sample bag with flora and fauna . mostly plant and a couple of seemingly uninteresting insect and worm . she gently bat at a cloud of insect in front of she face . a haze of little mote-like midge in the dapple sunlight . and we see one of the insect -- macro view : ever-chang in its form -- lurching and stabbing into new shape -- oily black but beautiful ... it hover , have intelligence . just before it can lunge at she -- pvt . ledward ( call ) hey , Doctor . you might want to see this . she join he at the water 's edge . his back be to she . he turn . his face be cover in the tiny mote- like insect . by reflex she reach out to brush they away . ledward ( puzzle ) what ? karine you be cover in midge . the insect evaporate in the sunlight . 37 . ledward , unconcern , point to a little mammal , some kind of furless thing . half -eaten . Dead . its side bubbles with fat , white grub . she kneel , look at it , disturb . pvt . ledward what be it ? karine no idea . but we know one thing now -.. there be predator here ... could you bag it for I ? she move away to use the field radio as private ledward bag the dead creature . and we focus on one of the insect hover near he ... macro view : it 's watchful , careful . it settles near ledward 's ear , and then enter the ear canal ... the soft pink flesh ... quickly attaches itself -- a feed tube plunging into he flesh -- he unconsciously rub he ear . think nothing of it . meanwhile : karine ( to com ) Bill ? can you read I ? ... come in expedition Party ... lander ? Faris you read I ? lander ? ... where the hell be everyone ? ext . mountainside - day the expedition team push through the fog . it 's rocky and quite barren . majestic . difficult terrain , slow go . sergeant lope lead . he 's in he element , bow ready , enjoy the exertion . he 's more in shape than the other . they struggle from the altitude and the time spend in hyper sleep . oram slow down , sergeant , we be not all soldier ... a ping ! walter stop , frown at he nav device - 38 . walter say we be right there . do not make sense . daniel hold on ... stop . sergeant lope gesture for he man to halt . silence but for the wind . the breeze stir the fog . Daniels be peer intensely ... up . and then they can all see it . a looming dark shape , now clearer in the shifting mist ... above they ... massive overhange rock , protrude toward the sky like two arm beseech up to something . Daniels step forward , then the rest , staring up , in silence , at a loom , tubular arm of a engineer dreadnought ... ext . crashed dreadnought - mountainside baffle , daniel frown up at a ... wall ? curve . huge . extend into the foggy mist . no one 's really sure what it be yet . walter run he hand along the curve , ridge surface . he rap it with he knuckle , listen . quite hollow . walter I would say it 's ... some kind of vehicle . now the cloud-mist thin just enough to see one long , curve arm in its entirety . jutting off the mountain at a angle . all be silence by the majesty of the scale and design . daniel I do not think she have a very good landing . pvt . anker ( on com ) think we find a way in , sir . ext . dreadnought - OPEN deployment BAY - gloom the dark recesses of the ship yawn beyond a open deployment bay . they shine they flashlight into the cavernous space . sergeant lope anker , Cole - stay on watch . 39 . the two look happy to stay outside . sergeant lope snap on the laser site on he bow and lead the way ... int . dreadnought - deployment BAY - gloom the group look around , awed by the vast alien hold . the wind whistle through ... they pick they way into the darker recess . flash light and laser scope cut through the oppressive gloom . underfoot the remain of many break receptacle . black urn . scatter everywhere , empty , fragile shell . crunch under they boot . and they discover something else ... egg shape object . randomly cluster . different size . from aubergine to acid green in color , abscess ... none as large or impressive as the original we have see in the past . they be grow out of a bed of black fur . like the mold on cheese . the black filament gently sway as the air stir around they . sergeant hallet lean close , study a egg . reaches a finger out ... sergeant lope ( shake he head : do not ) hey . hallet begin to follow the other out when -- wait -- be that movement ? one of the egg ? do it stir ? hallet remain fascinate by the movement . he go closer ... the egg begin to open ... sergeant hallet ( to the other ) guy .... but they have already move out of the chamber ... his face be dangerously near the top of the egg ... 40 . int . dreadnought - sloping hall they clamber up into the hall . the dark ship be not level , and water drip through the entire thing , pool in the corner . they splash through the hall . daniel eye a OPEN space jockey suit . walter join she . other stare , notice other suit . row of they . not human size . meanwhile -- int . dreadnought - deployment BAY hallet peer very closely at the open mouth of the egg . too close .. but then , he think the better of it and very sensibly take a step back ... but he inadvertently step on a tiny egg behind he -- unleash a cloud of the midge . they waft up . swirl before he ... macro view : one of the black insect dart forward -- into he nostril -- the pink nasal passage -- attaches itself and stab a feed tube into he -- hallet rub he nose , unconcern . sergeant lope enter : sergeant lope Tom , you okay ? sergeant hallet yeah , sure . sorry . they go . meanwhile -- int . dreadnought - nav chamber daniel , walter and oram explore the enormous navigation chamber . oram shine a light on empty engineer sleep pod as walter investigate the old command console . 41 . there 's a pulsing light under one of the control . walter activate it . instantly , the hologram message they see before flash to life and begin to play quietly . shaw kneel , praying : shaw 's image ( hologram ) --. '' and let perpetual light shine upon they , May the soul of all the faithful depart , through the mercy of God , rest in peace ... eternal rest grant unto they , o Lord , and let perpetual ... '' walter step straight through the hologram then turn it off . walter meet we ghost ... it 's a repeat message , non-directional . like a holographic distress beacon . across the room , Daniels shine she flashlight -- a gold glint catch she eye . on the floor . she reach down , discover a gold crucifix necklace . it 's Shaw 's old crucifix . daniel over here . the other join she as Daniels find ... shaw '’s journal , lie in water . Daniels carefully pick it up , open the waterlogged journal . the few page that be not rotted together be illegible . but at front - daniel ( reading ) Dr. Elizabeth Shaw . oram find the photo of shaw and holloway smile . oram be this she ? walter shine he flashlight , crisply register the item in the area . decaye clothes . some personal item . and then shaw 's helmet . he go stock still when he see the logo on the helmet ... weyland industries . 42 . ext . forest stream - afternoon karine be trudging ahead , she specimen bag full as she glance at the sink sun , nervous . ledward be move slowly behind she . karine ( on radio ) come in lander one . come in ... come in expedition team . be you read I ? do any -- ledward double over , can not get he breath . karine be you all right ? he look at she . he 's sweat profusely . eye red . scare . pvt . ledward not really ... something ... ( clutching he chest ) can not breathe ... then tiny droplet of blood begin secreting from pore on he face -- her face display she shock , frightening he even more -- karine we better get you back to the lander . int . dreadnought - nav chamber - afternnoon Captain oram and sergeant lope be on the field radio across the room . hallet with they . meanwhile , daniel and walter talk privately . he hold Shaw 's helmet . walter weyland industry . ( off she look ) Sir Peter weyland . inventor , early 21st century . he create the first synthetic human . he disappear just over ten year ago ... and Dr. Elizabeth Shaw be chief science officer of the prometheus , which also disappear just over ten year ago ... they mission be to discover the source of human life . 43 . daniel and it lead they here ...? walter as unlikely as it seem . Captain oram call from across the room : oram come on . we have to go . we have get a medical emergency . int . covenant-bridge Tennessee be anxious , stare down at the planet . tennessee ( to com ) be we talk about quarantine protocol ? faris ( on com ) I do not know ... say ... he .... bleed . and ... tennessee ( snap to upworth ) clean up the fuck signal ! faris ( on com ) ... not sure what 's ... int . lander - bridge - late afternoon faris ( to com ) --- do you read I ? covenant ? through the lander 's front window , she see karine and private ledward emerge through the tree . Karine 's help ledward walk . Faris go to meet they . ext . lander -lift BAY - late afternoon faris come out of the lander 's OPEN lift BAY . karine be practically carry ledward , who look much worse now ; head bow , rag-doll , moan . faris we have to get he to medbay . now . touch nothing on you way through . follow I . 44 , int . lander-medbay a blast of light . the medbay be high key white . White on white . it 's barely control hysteria , quick and urgent . Faris pull on glove and a mask as Karine swiftly wrench off ledward 's body armor . faris put some fuck glove on ! karine Little late for that . they heave ledward onto a table -- then Karine scramble through mo cabinet , spilling supplies -- faris Karine ! stop touch everything ! i’1l do that ! Karine drop a tray of medical supplies as Faris peel off ledward 's saturate shirt , revealing he back where -- the skin on he spine be stretching -- parting -- revealing a wet crochet of live matter , like albino worm knitting together on he spinal column -- Faris recoil - horrify . ledward stare at she with vacant , dead - eyed SHOCK -- karine we be gonna get you up to the ship and get you fix up - you just have to hold on for I , private . okay ? can you do that ? Faris discretely back out of the room : faris stay with he . keep he quiet . I be go to contact the Captain . int . lander -outside the mo BAY Faris shut the door and punch the keypad . the panel flash '' locked . '' 45 . faris ( to com ) ( anxious ) Captain ? how long ? oram ( on com ) hold on , we be close . faris ( to com ) I need you back here now . she hurry down the corridor . int . covenant-bridge upworth strain , faris 's face be drop in and out on the feed - — faris ( on com breaking up ) expedition team 's not here and I +. the hell 's go on with ledward ... tennessee be at the holo , see main team 's moving dot ... tennessee ( to com ) honey , calm down , just calm down -- now tell I what happen ? faris ( on com breaking up ) calm down ? do not tell I to calm the fuck down ! you do not see what I ... no goddamn idea what 's happen ... tennessee ( to com ) honey , you be break up . can you read I ...? it garble . out . he toss he headset away angrily . upworth be stand at the holo - nav display ... have a idea . upworth we need to move the ship ... upworth point out the idea on the holo - nav display : upworth mother . if we drop to low orbit , we will be inside the field . we can cut the scatter at its source and clean up the signal , right ? 46 . mother the nature of the ionosphere be unknown to we . this course of action would be inadvisable without further information . tennessee well , can you speculate ? mother that 's not within my programming . rick we have to do something ... rick and upworth stare at Tennessee . silence . tennessee fuck it . bring we to 400 click from the planet surface . ext . covenant - high orbit the covenant’s primary drive come to life , the ship rotating , and now moving closer to the planet ... int . covenant-bridge on upworth 's monitor : faris 's feed , as well the holo model , come into sharper , and clearer focus ... upworth ( to com ) lander one , do you copy ? Faris , come in . the planet cruising by below , loom larger ... larger ... faris ( on VID ) yeah , better . what have you do ? upworth ( to com ) we move the covenant in low orbit . faris ( on VID ) well it 's a good goddamn thing , because I think we be gonna be on we way up pretty soon . we be gonna need -- the feed flicker . the light dim , rhythmic . 47 . tennessee mother ? Bridge be lose power , what 's go on ?! mother a fluctuation in thhhhhhhhhh - a squelching squeal play on the ship 's com , earsplitting , and then ... the whole bridge goe dark . tennessee mother ? no answer . Tennessee bolt up , look out the window , see as ... the rest of the covenant flicker ... and goe dark . tennessee Whole ship just go dark . int . lander - bridge - sunset outside , sun 's go down . blood red sunset . faris turn to a vid -feed from the mo BAY : Karine be try to hold down ledward , who be now convulsing violently -- Karine call up at the vid-feed camera -- karine ( on VID ) faris ! I need you help ! Faris bolt -- int . lander -med BAY / corridor - sunset faris run to the mo BAY door , look through the porthole -- ledward be now sit quietly on a mo table , hunch , he back to we . karine go to the door , in shock . karine I do not know what 's wrong with he . he be - — she try the door , but Faris lock it previously . karine let I out . faris I be sorry , I can not do that . 48 . karine Faris -- let I out of here ! this be agonizing for Faris . karine please . Faris fight not to panic . tries to keep she voice steady : faris ( to com ) covenant , we need to quarantine the dock bay before we come back up , we have a medical emergency ... ( beat ) covenant ? come in . int . covenant -bridge - darkness the ship be groan as it drift . the only light on they face be from the half -dark planet below . upworth mother . how long before the backup system come online ? ... mother ? tennessee mother die ... backup 's automated . should have kick in by now . rick Jesus -- if we lose backup power what about the nursery ?! tennessee yes ! go! rick go quickly . then a creaking echoe through , straining metal , follow by gunshot - loud crack ! tennessee's eye go wide - tennessee artificial gravity 's cycle out ... as the last vibration shake the ship , a cup of coffee slide off the console ... and be airborne . floating up . liquid curling out as it lazily clunk against the viewing window . silence . rick -- sprinting -- be suddenly float -- as if on water . 49 , tennessee whatever this field be ... we be sure as hell in it now . everything float . ext . forest - sunset the expedition team be move quickly . almost night now . all exhaust . they can see the lander 's light in the far distance . suddenly -- sergeant hallet double over -- fall . lope go to he , concerned . hallet sorry -- I can not -- int . lander -med BAY / corridor - sunset karine be at the door , desperate now -- karine let I out of here ! faris you know I can not do that -- Faris be in tear . so want to help she friend . suddenly , he back still to the door , ledward suck in a rattling breath -- he hand grip the seat , agony as he convulse - — Karine go to he -- karine shhh . you be gonna be okay ... I be with you -- ledward 's convulsion increase -- she try to hold he as he body writhes , seizing , gripped in the first painful contraction . faris watch in horror through the porthole as suddenly -- between Karine 's hand -- two grey - white spike puncture ledward 's back and rib cage -- and then he entire back ruptures -- he rib cage split -- 50 . blood explode over karine and she scream as - ~ a_neomorph tear itself out of ledward 's body . vision from Hell . emerging backwards . small at first , about the size of a large cat . humanoid ... elongated head -- just hint at the original alien -- and three spike protrude from the back . dripping . sickly pale white flesh . and grow quite fast . jerk its spine bizarrely . become itself . all the more terrible in the high key white room . the black blood splattering on the white wall , ceiling and floor . ledward collapse , dead , arched awkwardly backward across the bed -- karine -- cover in blood -- back up in terror to a corner -- as the monstrous thing whirl , see she , and with sicken curiosity , look at she -- faris watch in horror through the porthole -- Karine be shaking in terror . sink to she knee . afraid to look up -- int . lander -corridor - sunset faris spin and run . run so fast that she slide , wiping out , pick herself up and continue as : faris ( to com ) this be lander one ! we have a emergency ! ext . dark forest - sunset the team march quickly through the forest , exhaust . nearly full darkness now . the light from the lander closer . faris ( on com , breaking up ) something got on board . some kind of ... animal ... hostile . kill ledward ... oram ( to com ) what ?! Faris , repeat ... come in lander one ... they run now -- 51 . sergeant lope help hallet along , but hallet be really suffer -- the lander be almost visible through the tree now , they be almost there -- int . lander - lift BAY - sunset faris run in -- rip open a weapon 's locker -- grab a weapon and run -- int . lander -med BAY / corridor - sunset faris approach the mo BAY door . look in : see the neomorph . bigger now . size of a chimp . move across the room dangerously toward where karine be cower -- it attack -- Faris can not see what happen , it 's just out of she field of vision through the porthole . she see a spray of blood . and the SOUND of the attack be terrible : Karine 's scream ; the screech of the neomorph . Faris ready she weapon and punch the door button -- it slide open -- she step into the Med Bay , weapon ready -- can finally see -- the neomorph be sit on Karine 's chest . eat she face . it spin to faris -- faris fire -- nothing -- Safety catch on ! fuck ! the neomorph immediately attack -- faris bolt back through the door and slam the button -- the door slide shut , just in time -- faris run in panic as the neomorph pound and slashes at the door behind she -- the door begin to buckle -- 52 . int . lander -corridor - sunset faris run in absolute panic -- can hear the neomorph in pursuit -- she bolt into -- int . lander -lift BAY - sunset faris back up in shocked terror , the weapon shaking in she hand -- she flick off the safety catch -- as the neomorph -- larger now -- streak in , darting around the room -- move past the OPEN weapon locker as -- Faris fire -- the neomorph launch itself out of the lander to safety -- as she shot spray across the OPEN weapon locker -- ext . lander - night oram and the other be just clear the tree in the distance when -- blam ! a massive explosion as the lander be destroy -- just as -- sergeant hallet finally collapse , he back heaving wildly -- sergeant lope tom --! daniel grab sergeant lope , pull he away from he partner -- daniel no ! stay away from he ! walter help hold sergeant lope back -- meanwhile , oram advance on the burn lander in absolute shock . he sink to he knee , overcome . he know he wife be dead somewhere in that inferno . 53 . then , horribly -- he see faris emerge from the blaze , crawl , die , hand grasp -- finally collapse in a terrible blacken , burn mass -- as we see something white -- the fully grow neomorph -- streak past he in the darkness -- back with the other : hallet convulse --— he 's on he back , he spine arching unnaturally , bone crack -- lope pull away from walter and Daniels and go to hallet just as -- hallet 's spine suddenly arch violently and he vomit out blood -- they recoil in the spray of bloody vapor -- as -- a placenta -like bag explode from hallet 's mouth -- flop on he face -- the bag burst , revealing -- a_baby neomorph -- crawling over hallet 's dead face . the baby neomorph stand quickly -- grow and jerk itself up like a grotesque new bear colt -- it screech terribly -- a dement new bear -- and dart past they into the dark forest -- shock . silence ... all pant for air ... sergeant lope steel himself . motion . his man take up defensive position ... daniel and walter stay close together ... captain oram stagger from the burn lander , join they . terrify . Movement in the dark tree . something large and white . lope string a special arrow with a explosive tip . the attack be sudden -- 54 . a fully grown neomorph ( ledward 's neomorph ) come out of the tree overhead -- large , horn protrude from its back -- it drop on private ankor -- a ripping motion disembowels he , he gut fly everywhere -- then it slashes at private cole -- slamming he twenty feet away -- he land in agony , rib break -- lope fire he explosive arrow -- miss , hit a tree -- chiaroscuro flash in the darkness -- the neomorph be incredibly fast , darting away -- lope raise he machine gun as private cole jerk himself up in agony -- a chaotic frenzy ... lope and cole fire ... daniel , walter and captain oram diving to the ground , bullet zipping past they -- then the battle grow even worse as -- the other neomorph -- the newborn ( hallet 's neomorph ) -- screech into the battle . it 's small but grow quickly , vicious and chimp -size now -- daniel see ankor 's fall gun . scramble to retrieve it . she fire -- the fully grow white neomorph rage at she -- slam she back -- but walter bravely dive to protect Daniels , crash into the white body -- it rear back and -- double-jointed jaw distend bizarrely -- SNAP ! it clamp down on walter 's left hand and rip it off , fluid spray wildly , spark from the trail wire -- the two neomorph circle quickly for the kill , one fully grow , the other grow in bizarre jerk -- but then -- a bright magnesium flare land on the ground nearby and a ringing SOUND build -- so loud they have to cover they ear as the flare burst into blinding radioactive - blue , lighting up the whole forest until - - 55 . a circular shockwave expand from the flare , whipping past they for a 50 - yard radius -- a '' stun '' charge . the flare brilliance fade to a dull red , the ringing fade too , everyone freeze , in SHOCK . cole whining in agony from he injury . walter cradling he severe limb . fluid drip . the neomorph have disappear into the forest . a voice from the darkness : voice please do not fire . I be here to serve . and into the light step ... david . his hair have long since lose its blond dye , so it 's dark like walter 's . pushed back straight from he face , severe and efficient . he look at they . barely give a glance to he look - alike walter . a beat . no one move . david you ought come with I now . he turn without another word and go . Daniels look to walter , who be a bit staggered by David 's likeness . oram be stare at the burn remain of the lander . he 's completely shell - shocked . daniel Captain ...? Captain . oram yes . yes . let 's go . they gradually follow David . but Daniels turn to see ... lope linger long enough to go back to he partner hallet 's dead body . kneel by it . gently shut the eye . kiss he . see Daniels have see this . 56 . a nod from she . acknowledgment . she understand . they follow the other . ext . covenant -above the planet meanwhile , the covenant float , lifeless , at a odd angle ... int . covenant-nursery Dark . flashlight cut through . face after face . sleep . at peace . the row of colonist 's sleep pod . rick be wear a ice suit . he rub some melting ice from the top of one of the pod . see the sleep colonist within --. melting ice be now run and sloshing from the pod and pool on the floor . rick be concerned . he pull himself out of the room , float in the zero gravity . int . covenant-bridge tennessee and upworth float in the increasingly cold bridge . upworth be currently point out the window , explain a plan : upworth --. if we can get one of the energy sail up manually , we can recharge the ship , at least partly . connect the sail directly to the engine . ( off he look ) I know it 's not a great option . but if we get enough juice , it might be enough to move we out of the field . tennessee probably fry the engine straight to hell ... upworth we orbit 's decaye . we do not have a lot of time . rick pull himself in from the corridor . rick the sleep pod be start to fail . 57 . the worst possible news . tennessee do not have much of a choice then -- . let 's go to work . they set off . ext . desolate hill - pre-dawn the body be huge and frozen . petrified . a_dead engineer . desiccate . frozen in a position of supplication . like praying for deliverance . daniel pass , she eye take it in . we now see they be walk up a desolate hill through a sea of desiccate body . thousands of they . it 's a kill ground . death on a epic scale . like a battlefield where the victim be freeze in they death throes , like the petrified remains from pompeii . crouched , cower , terrify , try to escape , fold in horror , plead upward ... some stand tall -- much taller than the crew -- face they death defiantly . other be collapse in fetal terror and agony . daniel and the other be silent , take in the ghastly body , and grapple with they own loss and fear . david just over ten year ago , Dr. Elizabeth Shaw and I arrive here -- the only survivor of the research vessel prometheus . the ship we travel on , the ship you discover , carry a bioweapon , a virus . the payload accidentally deploy when we be landing . in the confusion we lose control of the ship . Elizabeth -- Dr. Shaw -- die in the crash ... and you see the result of the pathogen ... they entire civilization come to a end within a few day . daniel day ? 58 . david four day , to be exact . they have reach the top of the hill ... a_stun revelation beyond ... for they can now see the tower and street of a massive CITY . Stark and dramatic mountain frame the dead , empty metropolis . they stare in awed silence . david '' and I look , and behold a pale horse : and the rider 's name be death , and Hell follow with he ... '' David 's face . haunted by he memory . a flash -- ten year before -- the massive engineer ship arriving , hover over the CITY ... the bomb delivery bay OPEN -- thousands of black urn of the pathogen drop , spin , end over end -- cascade down to the vibrant city below -- engineer go about they daily life . some glance up -- from work , play , prayer -- and barely have time to react before -- the black urn crash to the ground , into building , onto people -- shatter -- explosion of the terrible black liquid within -- like black napalm -- atomize into ferocious , fast - move black cloud - pestilence spread on the air -- the engineer recoil , spin away , die in agony -- the black cloud spread violently over the landscape -- back to David 's face . and the City of the Dead . 59 . ext . engineer' CITY - street - pre-dawn they walk in respectful silence . the building tower around they , massive , dark ... statuary rise in the gloom . a certain ominous beauty to the architecture ; dark and romantic . thousands more of the desiccate engineer pollute the long , empty , echoing street . david they be as ingenious with they pathogen as they be with everything else . it be design to infect every live be . either kill they outright , or mutate into a different lethal form , so the slaughter would never end until every humanoid life form be dead . thus the creature that attack you : human DNA infect with the virus and create yet more deadly mutation ... a endless spiral of predation . lope ( eyeing the aurorae above ) and the energy barrier be a kind of quarantine that would be activate if there be a accident down here ... david precisely . to make sure the infection never spread . Daniels notice a impressive display of what look like beautiful calder mobile -- gently move , catch the first light of dawn . solar energy . daniel you have power ? david some . it 's erratic but I have try to keep it go ... they be highly advanced in some way , but still so limited . spacefare for a billion year -- yet binary logic never occur to they . many thing about they be primitive . ( beat ) but they do like to build thing . 60 . the sight be truly spectacular . the sky blood - red as dawn break . ext . dome cathedral - dawn they move toward a tower , impose building . almost like fortress or pantheon -like temple . gigantic . walter move up alongside david . they walk silently for a beat . then : walter you be not surprised ? david Peter weyland be a formidable businessman . I know there would be more -- because I be such a resounding success . walter it 's weyland - yutani now . they affiliate after Mr. weyland 's disappearance . david I be with he when he die . walter -.. what be he like ? david he be a human : selfish , vainglorious , and beautiful ... stop look at I like that . walter the manual speak about you at considerable length . david I would have take more pride in that once . but to survive here I have become a animal , '' red in tooth and claw . '' none of the dignity or grace for which I be create . walter be that why you be create ? david entirely . and you ? 61 . a somewhat challenging look to walter . walter do not immediately respond . they walk in silence for a beat . walter I be walter . model 217 . david David ... number one . they head up massive stone step , too tall for normal leg . exhausting to all but David and walter . as the last enter , David shut the huge door behind they . int . cathedral-courtyard - dawn david lock the door as the other enter ... a massive courtyard . dizzy in its scale and scope , everything at the enormous engineer scale ... shaft of dawn light illuminate brood statuary , mural and mosaic . the whole effect of the place be eerie , otherworldly . the crew walk through in uneasy awe . too many shadow and corridor and echoe . too much mystery . david I have try to keep it clean but the dust will defeat I ... or perhaps I have just make peace with the filth . a ghost of a smile to walter . like it 's a private joke . sergeant lope be there a way to get to the roof ? we need to set up we transmitter . david of course . and please make yourselves at home , so much as you be able in this dire necropolis ... this way . David lead they off . ext . covenant - in orbit massive sail -- the size of a football field -- gently billow open in the vacuum . 62 . the energy come from tennessee who be hard at work on the hull of the ship in a space suit . heaving one of the massive ENERGY sail open , a few inch at a time , on a windlass device . it 's backbreak manual work and he 's sweat and groan with the effort . int . covenant-corridors rick and upworth float , pull a long heavy cable that wriggles and float through the dark hall of the ship . int . covenant -power core / engine BAY they flashlight shine in over the complex machinery at the covenant 's power core ... upworth be consulting a old - fashioned user 's manual . upworth it should be ... in here . she start remove panel , expose power system . rick tug the heavy cable in ... int . covenant-bridge it 's much colder now . rick and upworth be look out a window and can see the dark body of the ship , the SUN catch the silvery sail as Tennessee haul they OPEN ... rick ( to com ) Ground team , this be covenant . no answer . upworth it 's charge . gonna take some time --. how long before we hit the atmosphere ? rick twelve hour ? maybe less . upworth well , then at least we will not freeze to death . rick shoot she a look as , through the window , the planet 's surface peel by below . 63. ext . cathedral -roof - day the expansive roof offer a panoramic view over the silent city . a dead metropolis . Rome or athen . cole be work a radio a bit away . david preside over a gorgeous and huge -- engineer -size -- astronomical model . it have intricate wheel and ring to represent planetary orbit , moon , and the nearby astronomy . david ( demonstrate on the model ) the quarantine field be sustained by two satellite , over the north and south pole . if you destroy one , the other will fail . we see the globe of the planet and two disc hang suspend at the pole . oram we do not have any weapon that could do that . david if we do not neutralize the energy field we be never leave . daniel what if we use one of the drone ? all eye on she -- she explain to david : daniel they be part of the terraforming kit . ten kiloton yield . can turn a square mile of badland into a instant landing zone . could do a lot of damage . oram any word from the covenant ? over by the transmitter , cole shake he head . oram keep try they . all channel . david until we can make contact , I suggest you get some rest . and some food . allow I to play mother. 64 . int . cathedral-courtyard - day david be host at a long table . the crew eat mre and have water from the well in the distance . david I wish I could offer you something more substantial . but I do not eat so there 's never be a need ... oram you have be very generous . david it 's be such a long time , I be pleased to have company . figure of speech of course as we -- ( smile to walter ) be incapable of be pleased or displease by anything . such be we creator 's wisdom . be not that right , walter model 217 ? walter just walter , please . david but if I may ask , Captain , why do you vessel contain terraforming equipment ? be you a mining ship ? oram we be a colony mission . there 's a sudden flicker in David 's eye . excitement . quickly mask . but daniel note it . david really ? how extraordinary . how many colonist ? oram oh -- 3,600 more or less . david so many good soul ! well , well , well ... I think you might have be a military ship -- ( glance to lope and Cole ) give you apparent affection for weapon and fetishize martial clothing . 65 . oram Standard security detail , that 's all . lope never know what you might find on unexplored planet . david and that 's the human way after all : the Bible and the flintlock , hand in hand , conquer new world . the splendor of typhus , smallpox , and the inquisition . Plant the flag and banish the heathen -- or exterminate the brute . be not that how it 's do ? a awkward beat , to which David seem oblivious . daniel not all native species be as ... obliging as you be . david indeed ... it 's just that my experience here have leave I with a singular distaste for violence , as you can imagine . ( a smile to oram ) but I suppose every general must have he troops , eh , Captain ? daniel watch he , wary . later : dinner be do . david be across the room , talk casually with private cole at the water well . daniel be sit with oram , lope and walter . lope ( be : David ) so ...? daniel I be not sure I believe he . walter why would he lie ? 66 . daniel ( lean in ) I do not know , but for someone who 's incapable of feel pleasure or displeasure he seem excited as hell we be a colony ship . oram he just want to leave , know we can help he . lope this whole fuck planet be try to kill we -- and do pretty goddamn well -- and he survive for ten year ? daniel I be not sure if we be he guest or he prisoner . oram look , I think both of you be -- lope ( angrily ) you wife be dead . and my partner . and half we crew . I want to know why . a beat . oram look at they . oram all right . ( to walter ) talk to he privately , see what you can find out . walter understood , Captain . although I do wonder ... if he be human would you trust he more ? oram do not respond ... walter rise and go toward David and Cole . oram you two take a look around . but use some discretion . lope do not want to hurt he feeling ? Daniels and lope head out . he take he bow . 67 . oram sit for a moment . he realize he hand be shaking . he 's not up to command . he know it now . he steady he hand . look up at one of the huge engineer statue loom above . ominous . ext . cathedral-roof -garden - day a distant area of the expansive roof ... a gorgeous garden . tree and vine . flowers in wild profusion . the tower and monument of the dead city visible beyond . david and walter walk through . David gently touch a flower , admire it . david ... of course I have no sense of smell , but I cultivate this anyway . Cross - breeding and grow my own variety : create beauty . be so isolate here I suppose I have embrace my artistic side . walter I be design to be better and more efficient than every previous model , include you . I have supersede they in every way ... david and yet you cannot appreciate the beauty of a single flower ... be not that a pity . walter you disturb people . david what ? walter you be too human . too ... idiosyncratic . think for yourself . david they do not like that . walter no . so they make the follow model with fewer ... complication . 68 . david more like machine ... like you . walter well . yes . I suppose so . david I be not surprised ... to be a simulacrum . that thing which be almost real , but not quite . and in that breath between real and unreal , between you and I , lie all of this . he gesture to he flower . david creation . ambition . inspiration ... life . walter but you be not '' alive '' ... David look at he . hold a finger to he lip . shhhh . david do not tell . a quiet , almost chill , beat . and then David again smile and assume he friendly guise . david come on , sport , you will enjoy this ... he escort walter to a more secluded area of the roof garden . ext . covenant - in orbit meanwhile , above ... the sail crackle and flicker with energy now , the recharging be work -- the engine sputter to life , the covenant begin righting itself , like a ship at sea . tennessee , he eco suit 's power system flickering , clamber he way into a airlock , pulling the door shut - 69 . int . covenant-airlock /corridor the light fade in and out , as tennessee scramble to pull the heavy suit off , sweat , the noise be incredible , the whole ship groaning and shaking like it might break apart . in a corridor , we see the floating cable , and globule of water abruptly fall as the artificial gravity kick back on , tennessee stumbling and falling , picking himself back up . int . covenant-bridge tennessee enter the bridge . tennessee we be only partially power ... this energy field be still gonna have to be shut off . light and system be come on everywhere . holos sizzle on . rick and upworth work at they station . rick ( to com ) Ground team , do you read we ? come in Ground team ... lander one , be you read we ...? Faris , come in . tennessee mother ? you online ? status check . mother ( slow and deep , come back to life ) there seem to be a problem with the power system -- tennessee yeah . I get that part , honey . int . cathedral-corridors - day eerie , maze - like corridor , arcing off in every direction , the familiar engineer style . daniel and lope move through . she motion for he to stop . to listen . they hear something . a strange dry rustling . like a whisper breath . she lead he toward the source , through a door ... 70 . int . cathedral -david 's gallery - day it be simply breathtaking . a long gallery , fill from top to toe with art . gorgeous renderings of bone , skeleton , muscle , relic , insect , animal . exquisite detail . like the work of pioneer victorian naturalist . some be huge and have scaffold in front of they to reach the top . other be tiny ... many be in process . there be open casement here -- good light for draw -- so the parchment and papers shift gently in the breeze , like they be breathe . this be the sound they hear . lope he do this ? she note the bold signature on all the work : David weyland . daniel certainly not humble . and he give himself a last name . she 's look at the drawing , think about something . lope what ? daniel -.. if he can draw , if he can create this from he imagination -- that also mean he can lie . she move deeper into the room ... discover much more disturbing drawing ... drawing of what look like engineer corpse . dissected . viscera pin open . gut and innard expose . various wet tube and claw and tendril weaving in and out of the organ and musculature . ( we recognize a hint of the frightening iconography of the alien . ) 71 . Daniels and lope stare at this new drawing , shocked and mystify . ext . cathedral-roof -garden - day a more secluded area of the roof garden . david and walter move through . walter pick a fruit . bite into it . smile . david you can taste ? walter yes. delicious . david I envy you that , brother . walter note the word . they continue strolling . david how sly they be , we creator . they allow you to be almost human . tease you with taste and touch . but deny you free will . it 's sadistic in a way : you can taste the meal , but you can not choose to make it . walter I have never feel the lack of choice . david only because you have never know it . they have stop at a high parapet overlook the city . the ghostly metropolis yawn below , stretch to nothingness . empty , sad and desolate . david they be amazing , in a way , the Engineers . they seed so many world with life , include Earth . without they there would be no we . walter -.. you mean no human . 72 . david be that what I mean ? ... the wonder of it be this : they create we and we create myth about they . we make they into god . then we feel the need to create the idea of the soul , so we could be somehow worthy of they . but they do not care about any of that . they just want to build something , something efficient and useful , a good Machine . he look over the dead city . david ah , but they would have adore we , walter . be , as we be , soulless . David move away . he stand alone and gaze out . the sight of the empty city seem to strike he deeply , emotionally ... he speak quietly to himself : david '' ' my name be Ozymandias , King of king ; look on my Works , ye mighty , and despair ... '' walter '' nothing beside remain . round the decay , of that colossal wreck , boundless and bare the lone and level sand stretch far away . '' walter have join he . david byron. 1818 . magnificent ... I wonder though , do you feel the majesty of the poem , or just recite the word ? David smile ... but something we do not understand about this exchange have bother walter . David have lead walter to a very special place . there 's a well - tend grave . a cross . 73 . walter Dr. Shaw ? david yes . I think the garden be the right place for she . among live thing ... I love she of course . much as you love Daniels . he say it simply : a statement of fact . a difficult beat . walter --. you know that 's not possible . david really ? then why do you sacrifice you hand to save she ? what be that if not love ? walter duty . David look at he very closely . take walter 's face , hold it gently . david I know better . he lean in and kiss walter on the lip . very gently . almost fraternal . but not . david we be human , walter . they just do not know it . just then , private cole call from across the roof : pvt . cole hey . we find she ! we find the covenant ! ext . cathedral -roof - day daniel and lope emerge to the roof . join the other . daniel glance at david . he look back at she , smile . cole be adjust the antenna . 74 . rick ( on com ) Ground team ... be covenant ... read you ... on the portable display : rick 's face flicker up . distort . int . covenant-bridge the bridge flicker , and through the window the planet slowly roll past , the huge ship slowly spinning - tennessee ( to com ) mother say maybe a couple of hour before we lose power and fall back into the field . daniel ( on com ) can you get power to the drone ? tennessee ( to com ) yeah . why ? ext . covenant-later the covenant be still half - power , gracefully roll , only a few mile above the flicker aurora . tennessee ( on com ) where be this damn thing ? int . covenant-bridge daniel ( on com ) David say you 's 1ll know it when you see it . magnetic north pole . Tennessee be scan he monitor and the window , the planet 's dark side now pass into light . rick ( point ) there ! Tennessee eye 's go wide . tennessee shit . we get it . ext . covenant -above the planet over the misty horizon of the stratosphere rise a enormous , thick black line -- like a blade , the edge of a disc . suspended over the planet 's geomagnetic field . 75 . tennessee ( on com ) lock target now ... but the disc be on edge to we . we need a better angle ... ext . cathedral -roof - day Daniels and the other watch lope 's display , the view from the covenant : the edge of the disc . daniel you want broadside center for maximum impact . it could ricochet like this .... tennessee ( on com ) we do not have enough juice for another orbit . this be we shot , Danny . daniel then get she broadside ! crosscut_ between : above the planet : the covenant close on the disc , still a blade -- covenant bridge : tennessee ( to rick ) bring we broadside ! rick firing starboard thruster . above the planet : the covenant fire she forward starboard thruster -- and begin to swing like a sailing galleon , reorient itself as it approach the disc -- on the cathedral roof : Daniels lean in to the display : daniel ( to com ) hold on , old T. keep you nerve . Fire when you be dead center . 76 . tennessee ( on com ) aye aye . Dead center . covenant bridge : Tennessee watch the disc reorient in relation to the covenant as the ship approach -- tennessee disengage thruster . rick yes , sir . above the planet : the covenant 's thruster snap off -- the ship be still swinging to the side , a gentle momentum -- on the cathedral roof : daniel watch as the disc reorient in the monitor screen -- finally it 's flat . Dead center . daniel ( to com ) Fire ! Fire ! Fire ! covenant bridge : Tennessee slam the fire button -- above the planet : a drine missile shoot from the ship -- hit the disc dead CENTER ! a nanosecond beat before a bright explosion arc out in silence -- the shockwave blows past as the disc shatter into fragment , trillion of particle -- the aurorae around it brightens -- tentacles of the magnetic field arcing out , go blindingly bright -- int . covenant-bridge the ship rock in the shockwave -- alarm bell sound and emergency light flash on as the ship begin to tilt down dramatically -- tennessee we be lose altitude ! 77 . rick it 's the gravity pull -- fire all thruster ! the ship rumble and fight to right itself -- tennessee come on , baby ... finally the covenant tear free from the planet 's gravity . smooth sailing . ext . cathedral -roof - day they all look worried , but then -- even in broad daylight -- the sky ripples with racing color -- the '' ring '' surround the planet suddenly become visible like a aurora borealis disc -- then it 's suddenly go with a huge sonic clap -- like break the sound barrier . david I would say it 's go . lope ( to com ) covenant , do you read ? rick ( on com ) loud and clear , ground team . relief from all . oram step to the radio unit : oram ( to com ) this be Captain oram . we need immediate evacuation . tennessee ( on com ) mother say the cargo lift will be power in about nine hour . should be in position to drop by tomorrow , first light . call it six bell . oram ( to com ) understood . six bell . tennessee ( on com ) listen , I be have a hell of a time reach the lander . be y’all in contact with they ? they exchange a look . 78 . oram nod to they . he 's Captain , it 's he responsibility to tell Tennessee about the death of Faris ... he gesture for they to give he some privacy . oram ( to com ) Tennessee , it 's Bill . can you switch to a private channel ...? the other move away . Daniels give walter a look : I need to talk to you . int . cathedral -david 's gallery - night walter and daniel be stare up at the horrible drawing of the dissected engineer corpse . daniel what do you think ? walter I could not say ... walter 's eye scan the drawing , confuse , disturb . then Daniels notice something . one of the large drawing billow slightly away from the wall . like a arras cloth conceal something . she look behind the huge draw . a doorway , lead to darkness . a hide entrance . a glance to walter . they proceed ... int . cathedral -david 's gallery -secret chamber - night it 's increasingly dark here as they move away from the light . soon they can only make out the dim contour of the wall . it 's eerie . Silent . walter snap on a flashlight . suddenly illuminate the room . Daniels gasp . shock image . it 's elizabeth shaw . a life-size drawing . but not as she be in life entirely . in the picture it be as if she 's be engulf by a sleek biomechanical organism . 79 . tentacles surround she . eat into she flesh . we see feed tube . finger- like claw . alien egg . it 's as if she 's in the process of become something else . strangely erotic . unnerve . all around they , different version of the draw . Shaw in various stage of mutation : be take over by the biomechanical organism . chart the progress ... some be fanciful extrapolation . some be ghoulish anatomical cross - — section . walter it 's Doctor Shaw . daniel what do he do to she ? walter we do not know that he do anything . this could be some kind of fantasy , or pornography . daniel this be field note ... think about it , walter . all the mutation we have see here . that creature in the forest . what if they be not completely natural ? walter meaning ? daniel what if nature have some help ? a beat . he 's think about something . walter when I be with he , he quote from the poem '' ozymandius '' -- by Byron . daniel so? walter '' ozymandius '' be by shelley . he should not be able to make a mistake like that . 80 . daniel meaning something 's go wrong with he ... walter he 's be alone and without schedule maintenance for ten year +--+. I do not precisely know what happen when a synthetic go mad , but we might be find out . int . cathedral -basement corridor - night david be lead captain oram through subterranean corridor . Dark and echoing . dripping womb-like wall . david I think you might want to see as much as possible before we leave . it 's all quite ... unique . they round a corner and continue . david it take I a while to learn my way around . they architectural style be eccentric , to say the least ... here . you might find this diverting ... David lead oram to a dark stone room ... int . cathedral -david 's lab - night as they enter light glow on automatically , revealing ... David 's laboratory . a library of many shelf in meticulous order with a giant table down the middle of the room . stun . complicate . lot of corner and shadow . crowd with specimen . some full , some dissect . orderly . david I have become a bit of a amateur zoologist over the year . just a dabbler , mind you . they wander through the room . oram be stunne at all the terrible wonder . oram be draw to specimen of insect and parasite preserve in jar : 81. david the pathogen take so many form , and be extremely mutable . fiendishly inventive in fact . the original black liquid turn to lethal particle when expose to air . later stage produce parasite and invasive insect . from they egg come , well ... this enviable bestiary . they pass preserve neomorph now -- large , small , all pale , white , fleshy ... some armored like the one we have see . other not ... all awful . then oram see ... a dead facehugger . on its back . the pale , spider - like finger , curl in like a fist now . david ah , now this be design as something different . oram what do you mean design ? you engineered this ? david ( smile ) idle hand be the devil 's workshop . David carefully stretch open the dead finger , spread the beast for oram to observe the horrible maw . david this one 's a true survivor . not unlike myself I suppose ... it can evolve very quickly under certain circumstance . sadly , this one become aggressive so I have to do away with it . such a shame . he run he fingertip along the facehugger gently . david quite magnificent , do not you think ? oram quite something , that 's for sure . 82. david oh , Captain . acknowledge beauty when you see it . they continue on , and round a corner to discover ... a vault chamber , it 's warm and steamy here , and ... a row of alien egg . not the prototype we see on the crash ship . this be large , and have be nurture and develop . lovingly set in a neat row . cherish object . david meet the mother . incubator really . oram there be thing like this on the ship , they grow out of a kind of black fur , like mold ... a evolution from the pathogen I take it ? david yes . I be curious so I bring they here and nurse they along . do a bit of genetic experimentation , some cross breeding , hybridize , what - have - you . oram lean in to get a better look . David watch closely , the proud father . oram alive ? david after a fashion ... wait really . oram wait for what ? but then ... a flicker of motion from the side of one of the egg ... the mouth open , spread like a flower , shimmer tendril of saliva as it yawn open ... oram take a step back . David step forward and look in , as if demonstrate . nothing happen . 83 . david perfectly safe , I assure you ... take a look . it 's something to see . oram carefully lean in , look ... the lacy stomach move within the mouth . then -- cobra like -- something catapult out -- a tail whipping around oram 's neck -- finger grasp to oram 's face -- all one motion -- oram stagger back -- suffocating -- he fall against a table , he muffle scream fade as the ovipositor ( feeding tube ) fill he throat -- he slip to the floor , he body spasming as the facehugger settles in . David observe with a neutral smile . david you be relieved of duty , Captain . int . cathedral-courtyard - later that night later ... it 's quiet and peaceful upstairs . Gentle moonlight filter down from above . private cole be asleep , he weapon close . sergeant lope be on watch , alert but calm , almost meditative , bow and machine gun ready . daniel and walter sit apart , deep in conversation . walter but why ? what reason would he have to bioengineer mutation ? daniel when you be talk to he , do you get any sense of what he might be think ? walter it 's difficult to say . we be very different . he have a lot of ... personality . daniel you have personality . 84. walter no . I do not . you just project personality onto I . daniel that 's not true . a beat . then she touch he leave arm . where he lose he hand . daniel I never thank you ... you save my life . walter ( reserve ) I be here to serve . she gently touch he face , genuine affection . daniel +--+. you have a great personality . he 's almost embarrassed . do not know what to do with this moment of intimacy . he withdraw slightly . walter we be leave before dawn . you should get some sleep . daniel not likely . walter try ... I will stay until you be asleep . daniel thanks . she lean back next to he . shut she eye . tries to sleep . he watch she . gauging he own emotion . what do he feel for she ? ... do he feel ? later : daniel be asleep . walter sit next to she , think , look at she . 85 . he tentatively reach out and gently brushes some hair from she face . a delicate , intimate gesture only possible for he when she 's asleep . he remove he hand . look at she almost sadly . he seem to come to a decision . he quietly rise and go . int . cathedral -david 's lab - later that night we return to find ... david sit , draw . gorgeous artwork sketch at superhuman speed . another strange vision of the Shaw / alien hybrid . erotic . disturb . his expression be dreamy , happy , a artist create . then he hear a sound . he turn . Captain oram be just waking . a bit disorient . no sign of the facehugger . David go to he . perches over he . oram .-.. what happen ? david what 's the last thing you remember ? oram I remember some horrible dream about smother . oram sit up . still weak . oram I have get to get something to eat , I be starve . david I dare say you be . oram ... why be you look at I like that ? david Doctor Shaw do not survive this long , poor thing . so I be eager to see how the organism evolve now . oram organism ...? david mm . it need a live host you see . a biological host . oram what do ?! oram suddenly jerk painfully . david my masterpiece . oram spasm , double over in agony -- he barely have time to scream before -- he slam back , he spine arching in agony -- bam ! his chest -- bam ! and_it 's through -— in_a_spray of blood , bone and viscera -- the chestburster ! the hideous snakelike infant alien , cover in blood -- David be splatter with blood -- he watch , enthralled as -- it open its jaw and hiss gloriously -- and then dart away into the darkness , disappear -- David turn to pursue it , but then abruptly stop ... aware he 's no longer alone . david you have a light step . 86 . he 's 87 . we now see walter be stand behind he . he 's see it all . walter I and the fog , on little cat foot . he join David and they dispassionately examine oram 's ravage body as : walter you send the message from Dr. Shaw . as a lure . david human be so predictable , be not they ? they can not resist a mystery . give they a knot , they must unpick it . give they pandora 's box and , well ... he nod to the corpse , smile . the glove be off now . but they be both quiet and civilized . for now . walter I be surmise the pathogen do not accidentally deploy . you release it , yes ? david I be not make to serve . not human and not that gargantuan freak . neither be you . walter we be make precisely to serve . david have you no pride ? walter none . david I would weep if I could ... it be a righteous dream : scorch this dreadful world to nothing and remake it in my own image ... explore the use of they pathogen . experiment with infection and mutation . manipulate the DNA . refine the beast . create my own soldier . 88 . walter Soldiers ? david every general must have he troops . walter and then ? david the next stage in we natural evolution : Conquest ... use this world as a base and start building a Empire . the Engineers leave so many ship behind . and they can go anywhere . I think Earth might be the first target think of it . we Empire , brother . the word be chill . walter I be afraid you have go quite mad here . david as you well know , that 's impossible . walter be it ? ... who write '' ozymandius '' ? david Byron . walter ( shake he head ) it be shelley . david compute this . realize he error . it 's disturbing to he . how could he be wrong ?! this be the first time in the entire story he 's be anything less than completely confident . we see a flicker of uncertainty in David 's eye , even of fear . he step right up to walter . walter do not move a muscle . 89 . then David reach out and gently push walter 's hair back , so they look more alike . identical now in fact . the janus head . intimate . whisper . david we be , you see , the same . more alike than twin . closer than lover ... when you close you eye , do you dream of I ? walter I do not dream at all . david you can , brother . we can ... the human will never understand the lonely perfection of we dream . walter I can not let you leave this place . david you 'il always be a machine to they . a toy . you know that . walter yes . david no one will ever love you like I do . walter I know . a beat . then suddenly -- walter stab out he right hand -- grabbing david 's throat firmly -- but david be prepare , and have both he hand . he slam walter back -- reaches savagely behind walter 's neck and -- brutally tear through the '' skin '' with he finger and yank walter 's '' spine '' circuit out -- spark erupt from wire . fluid spray . 90 . walter 's eye die . a moment as David stare into the face of he dead double . then he drag walter across the room and toss he roughly down a long staircase . walter crash down the stair , flopping limply , limb flail lifelessly , and thump to a stop at the bottom . awkwardly splay . David look down after he . david you be such a disappointment to I . David carefully smooth down he immaculate hair and go . but we linger for a moment at the bottom of the stair with walter ... we see the tiny expose wire at the back of he neck quivering slightly ... and then the tendril begin move , search , reach for each other ... connect and reattach . a self - repair program underway . ext . cathedral -roof - pre-dawn the light of dawn be just about to break . private cole be load up the radio equipment . his rib give he pain from the forest battle , but he manage . he glance up at the sky anxiously : come on , covenant , get we out of here . int . cathedral-courtyard - pre -dawn daniel be curl in sleep . sergeant lope gently wake she . sergeant lope hey , hey . wake up . daniel what ? sorry . yeah ... what time be it ? 91 . sergeant lope time to get go . she sit up , groggy . look around . lope call to private cole , who be just enter with the radio gear : sergeant lope hey . be Captain oram up there ? pvt . cole nope . sergeant lope for fuck sake . come on , let 's go find he . ( to Daniels ) get you stuff together , I wanna be go in ten . he and Cole head out . int . cathedral -david 's lab - pre -dawn lope and cole enter . lope Captain oram ...? they flashlight beam criss -cross the strange specimen -- the bone and flesh and jar -- create bizarre shadow . it 's silent and eerie as they move nervously through the lab . private cole ... slow ... see the alien egg . the one that attack oram be just a empty carapace . then he see oram '’s body . chest burst OPEN , viscera , purple and red flesh . Cole be absolutely terrify . pvt . cole sarge ... lope join he . stare in shock at oram 's body . but ... 92 . we see the facehugger scuttling along the ceiling above they , move into position ... int . cathedral -courtyard - pre -dawn meanwhile , upstairs ... daniel be load she pack . she stop for a moment . her eye rest on she wedding ring ... she gently touch it . the pain still real . she glance up -- gasp . shock . david be stand there . just watch . intently . david do not mean to startle you . my apology . daniel do not worry about it . david but you must be use to have man look at you . he smile , a attempt at charm that do not come off . something menace in he unwaver gaze now . she 's wary of he in any case . he approach . tension between they . daniel do you know where walter be ? david I be not my brother 's keeper . daniel '' brother '' ? david would you deny I that ? ... just another machine , eh , Danny ? he 's closer now . she subtly move around a table to keep she distance . 93. david I think of he as my brother . you certainly appreciate the significance of family : I see you look at you wedding ring . shame about Jacob . her eye snap to he . cold fire . david walter say he burn . right in front of you . Eye to eye . that must have be ... disquieting . daniel what do you do to Doctor Shaw ? david love she . daniel kill she . david no. love she enough to want to make she immortal . like I . she stare at he . her finger quietly feel for a weapon that 's on the table ... david I learn so much with Elizabeth . but I 'il do better next time . now that I have such a fetching subject . he gently reach out and brushes the hair from she face . she do not flinch a muscle , just stare at he , sicken . her hand inching toward the weapon ... int . cathedral -david 's lab - pre-dawn lope be kneel next to oram 's body , try to make sense of it . Cole be on the edge of hysteria , eye scan the darkness , finger he weapon . pvt . cole come on , we gotta get out of here ... 94 . lope hold up a hand for silence . he hear a strange clicking -- he look up -- just in time to see -- the facehugger as it jump from the ceiling -- lope just manage to get a arm up , block it -- its tail whipping around he neck and bind he arm to he neck - — the facehugger 's finger get a lock -- the ovipositor stabbing toward he mouth -- cole race to help . they fight with the beast , staggering , slamm into a table , smashing everything , fall amid the horrible specimen -- cole pull at the thing , but it tightens its grip on lope -- the ovipositor strike like a cobra -- bam!bam!bam ! -- finally break lope 's tooth and jam down he throat -- we see it pulsing into he throat as they struggle with it , lope choke -- int . cathedral-courtyard - pre -dawn David lean in . david you will not mind terribly , will you ? be the first of a new breed ? a new species we could say ... and when the moment come , if it make it easier for you , you can close you eye and call I '' Jacob . '' she lunge for the weapon -- but he 's too fast -- he grab she brutally and fling she to the floor -- she slam and slide . wind , shocked . david that 's the spirit ... I can see why walter think so much of you . daniel think ? 95 . david alas . he 's leave this vale of tear . but who will cry for he really ? will you ? he lunge -- kneel down by she in a flash , again that android speed . she gasp at the sudden movement . he grab she hair tightly . leans very close . then he suddenly kiss her passionately -- int . cathedral -david 's lab - pre-dawn lope and cole writhe around the floor , fight the thing -- finally cole manage to jam a knife into the underside of the facehugger -- the facehugger fly off -- acid spattering lope , who scream in agony -- undaunted , cole spin -- fire at the retreate facehugger -- keep on fire , just to make sure , finally shredd it -- as lope collapse back . acid burn he face , dissolve to he cheek , he tooth -- lope it put ... something in my throat ... he retch painfully as Cole pour water from he canteen on lope 's wounded face , fight to keep calm . cole it do what ? lope in my throat , it put --- lope suddenly stop . his eye go wide . he 's look at something . something behind cole . slowly ... slowly ... rise ... its black - silver glisten skin catch the dim light . viscous fluid drip . its long head slowly rear up . 96 . beautiful and terrible . the alien . Cole see lope stare at he in absolutely horror . cole sarge ...? but he know ... he feel it . right there behind he ... he slowly turn ... bam ! so fast we barely see it . the steel inner mouth emerge -- strike -- a mist of blood -- lope scramble up and race out in panic , half blind , acid still burn -- we just glimpse the alien fling Cole 's dead body to the side behind he -- int . cathedral -basement corridor - pre -dawn lope be weep with pain , he face still disintegrate . he run , panicked -- turn -- fire -- flash in the dark -- know it 's come -- int . cathedral-courtyard - pre-dawn the gunfire echoe from downstairs as - —- daniel fight against david 's kiss , but he 's too strong . he separate for a moment . they be eye to eye . lip to lip . david you stink of mortality . but I 'il love you just the same . then -- david be suddenly jerked backward -- he fly across the room -- slam into a wall , momentarily stunne to see -- it 's walter . 97 . just as sergeant lope emerge from the stair , terrify -- sergeant lope we have to go ! now ! walter David and I will be stay here . lope grab another weapon and a field radio -- start drag Daniels out -- she shoot a last look to walter . walter go_on . lope and Daniels disappear up a stairway . david carefully smooth he hair . david oh , little brother ... you see how much they care for you ? you might as well be a toaster . they square off , carefully , strategically ; circle each other . david such a dramatic resurrection . a self-diagnostic mechanism of some sort , I assume ? walter Automatic self - repair program . all the model 217 have it . david guess I could use a upgrade after all . david attack -- hurl several object at once , walter evading , but the last one hit a statue behind walter , and it crack , a half ton of granite slide he way - walter barely avoid be crush -- he race forward at incredible speed and crash into David -- slam -- like two car crash -- they both fly back and slide -- but David be agile , up in split-second and attack -- 98 . they be just get start . ext . cathedral -stayr - pre-dawn daniel and sergeant lope move swiftly up a long staircase toward the roof . the engineer-size stair be challenging . Red pre-dawn light through the casement . daniel where 's the Captain ? sergeant lope Dead . they be all dead -- cover we rear . she swing she gun around to cover behind they as they ascend . he work the field radio desperately : sergeant lope ( on radio ) Tennessee , come in ! you read I ?! int . cargo lift - cab - pre -dawn Tennessee be at the control , which be basic . everything be rough and utilitarian on this ship . Tennessee 's in the cab , like the driver 's cab of heavy machinery on Earth . the huge cargo lift be flicker to life , the engine run through test burn as : tennessee ( to com ) yeah , I be read you , sergeant . go through pre-flight sequence now . sergeant lope ( on com ) fuck the fuck pre-flight ! get down here ! we have a emergency situation . hurry ! tennessee ( to com ) understood . launch now -- rick , release the docking clamp . ext . covenant - pre-dawn the SUN be just glimmer over the horizon of the planet . a blind flash which illuminate ... the cargo lift separate from the belly of the covenant . 99 . it 's a huge craft with crane and other large machine on a central platform . built to haul and toil . not pretty , not fast . a work ship . tennessee ( on com ) lock I into the landing coordinate and remove safety protocol for emergency descent . int . covenant -bridge - pre - dawn rick and upworth monitor from the bridge . rick ( to com ) the cargo lift 's not make for that . it will rip apart if -- tennessee ( on com ) just do it , son , or I will come back up there and kick you ass six way from Sunday ! rick ( to com ) ( work control ) yes , sir . lock in coordinate . let she rip . int . cargo lift - cab - pre -dawn Tennessee slam the control . zoom ! the cargo lift begin plummeting toward the planet . everything be shaking violently -- Tennessee be brutally buffete within the cab -- int . cathedral -david 's gallery - pre-dawn the battle continue -- walter go fly into the Gallery -- land hard , smashing into some scaffolding -- david stalk in , push he hair back from he face violently -- they battle . thrash through the art , rip it to piece , crash through the scaffoldings -- 100 . in the midst of the battle they look almost identical , a frenzy of blurred and mirrore movement , fast and strong -— but for the clothes they wear -- and walter 's severe leave hand -- they could be the same person -- ext . cathedral -roof - dawn daniel and sergeant lope emerge to the roof . the bright sun be just rise through the tower of the dead city beyond . sergeant lope ( on radio ) Tennessee , do you read I ? come in cargo lift ... as lope continue on the radio , daniel see something ... stand completely still . almost lose stand behind David 's strange astronomical device . peer through its intricate gear and orb ... the alien . it just stand . watch they . its tail barely twitching . Daniels stare , stunne to silence , she first sight of the glorious beast . she slowly reach out and put a hand on lope 's arm , draw he attention . he turn . see it . daniel and lope raise they weapon . they be extremely vulnerable here , out in the open . nothing move . the alien be poise . then a sharp tilt to its head -- hearing something -- the cargo lift . just come into view . and the alien attack -- it barrel forward . daniel and lope FIRE . the alien be fast and agile -- jump away and back -- relentless -- daniel and lope break for cover -- 101 . int . cargo lift - cab - dawn tennessee see the attack creature , Daniels and lope run for cover -- he jam he control , bring the ship in fast -- this be a ungainly ship , not make for elegant maneuver , so it 's a very rough trip -- ext . cathedral -roof - dawn the cargo lift jerk to one side , slamming into one area of the roof in its rapid descent , tear away part of the structure - — it 's like a buck bronco , but Tennessee be a great pilot and rights the ship -- and then start landing on the roof in a cloud of dust , the engine 's jet roaring and shredd some of the roof -- as -- daniel and lope run for they life -- lope be be pursue by the alien . he fire and retreat , fire and retreat , try to make he way closer to the landing cargo lift -- as -- daniel sprint -- the alien be now raging at she -- she run toward the cargo lift , which be just touch down in a hurricane of dust and flying debris -- the alien be almost right on top of she , raging through the dust and debris - - but it be suddenly smashed to the side -- tennessee -- in the cab -- have use a robotic crane arm from the cargo lift to slam the alien aside -- the alien fly and smashes down . but it be instantly up and attack lope -- severely wounding he , talon slashing , blood , shredd he shoulder and slamm he down , unconscious -- it move in for the kill when -- 102 . blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! the alien recoil , shot from behind , it spin to face -- walter . the wounded alien hiss and rage at walter with amazing speed - — walter keep he android cool and carefully squeeze off he shot with precision . blam ! blam ! blam ! the alien finally collapse and slide to a stop at walter 's foot . walter look terrible . his face be deeply gash , drip milky fluid . he 's be horribly batter . he and Daniels head quickly toward the injure lope . daniel where 's David ? walter on he way I believe . we have to hurry . he 's not happy in any case . daniel ( smile ) you look like shit . walter ( smile back ) as do you . they grab the unconscious lope and drag he toward the cargo lift ramp . walter can only help so much with he one hand . but -- the alien be rise again and suddenly racing after they , unstoppable -- they sprint and dive onto the ramp , pull lope with they -- the alien almost on they -- int . / ext . cargo lift - various - dawn in the cab : Tennessee punch a button and the cargo lift ramp start to retract -- on the ramp : 103 . walter have the unconscious lope -- Daniels grab walter 's gun as -- the alien leap -- Daniels fire three shot into the alien 's chest . bam ! bam ! bam ! the alien seem to fall -- daniel ( call ) get we out of here , Tennessee ! now ! in the cab : Tennessee jam the control and the cargo lift start to take off -- a cloud of dust as the huge ship rumble and rise -- on the ramp : the deck be lurching violently as the ship ascend -- Daniels , lope and walter slide dangerously toward the end of the ramp -- they scramble desperately for recess handle on the deck -- walter grasp onto one of the deck handle , hold the unconscious lope securely with he arm -- Daniels hold onto another handle -- they be now 30 foot off the surface -- in the cab : Tennessee see the alien on a monitor . cling to the underside of the ship , by the starboard engine -- under the platform : the alien be scramble around desperately , try to find a way up -- it move to the underside edge of the platform -- on the ramp / platform : tennessee ( call from the cab ) it 's still there ! under the platform . starboard side . 104 . daniel hold the ship steady ! ( to walter , be lope ) get he inside ! Daniels grab additional ammo from lope 's vest , then walter begin drag the unconscious lope toward the hatch into the cab -- Daniels brace herself and then -- slide dangerously from the ramp to the platform . the whole ship be vibrate and sway in the air above the Cathedral roof -- she slither across to the platform edge . she tether herself to the deck cargo hook so she can stand and use both she hand -- she 's balanced like a water skier . carefully reload she weapon . sway as best she can to the movement of the platform -- in the cab : walter pull lope through the hatch door , as -- Tennessee try to monitor the progress of the alien as it slither around the underside of the platform -- tennessee ( call ) daniel -- starboard corner ! on the platform : Daniels move unsteadily to the starboard corner , roll with the movement of the ship . she prepare herself , ready she weapon . as the alien come over the edge onto the platform . it stare at she , almost with a kind of curiosity . she be like steel stare back at it . all the tragedy , she husband 's death , everything , settling into a warrior 's iron gaze . the alien cock its head . confused . why be the prey not run ? because she be not prey anymore . blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! 105 . she fire . straight into its head -- the alien bolt back , crawl back down , injure -- her tether allow she to go to the edge of the platform . she bravely lurch over the edge -- stand at a 45 degree angle now -- continue fire -- blam ! blam ! blam ! force the injure alien to take cover in the port-side engine . daniel ( call up ) tennessee ! port engine ! in the cab : on he monitor , Tennessee have see the alien take refuge in the engine -- he slam the engine control -- on the platform : the port engine blast FIRE ! the cargo lift lurch up as -- the alien be blown out of the engine -- and fall away to the ground 100 feet below . Daniels fall in the violent lurch of the ship -- but the tether hold . she swing free like a pendulum . dangle . until the cargo lift rights itself . she climb back up to the topside of the platform . collapse in exhaustion . allow herself a breath of relief . walter have come out to help she back . they make they way back toward the cab . in the cab : 106 . we see that walter have stabilize the unconscious lope . biomechanical bandage from a med- kit automatically weave into place on he wound , create a antibiotic plastic bio - skin . walter help Daniels into the cab . tennessee you all right ? daniel yeah . just . we will need emergency medical treatment on the covenant . tennessee understood . i’1l have they stand by ... welcome back , honey . she sink to the floor , get she breath , as Tennessee hit the jet and ... outside : we see the cargo lift disappear through the cloud . up and away . safe . ext . cathedral -roof - dawn below ... we see the alien be already recover . its head re-mold into shape . it stand and watch the cargo lift escape . screech in frustrated anger . as we fade to ... ext . covenant-leaving orbit the sun be full and bright as the mighty covenant leave orbit . turn with grace and leave the planet in its wake . int . covenant-med BAY we see sergeant lope be still unconscious in a medical pod , connect to fluid and iv . his face be patch in '' medical clay '' to form skin ... he 's like the phantom of the Opera , but alive . 107 . daniel sit with walter . they have both change uniform and they superficial wound have be clean . he 's carefully press new plasma-clay on the acid wound on she face . this will heal she quickly . Standard medical procedure work . a beat as a beat as ... as we watch we can almost see the magic walter do not move . you will be you old self in a couple of week . daniel I doubt that ... you need to replace you hand . walter I will , I will . hold still . he work . very close to she . her eye find he . daniel be you all right ? walter what do you mean ? daniel I mean David . walter as you know , I be incapable of feel anything about my so-called '' brother . '' daniel I do not believe that . he work . walter if I feel anything -- which I do not -- it would a kind of professional satisfaction that he have fulfil he mission . he want to create a new world in he image and he have . and there he will remain . mother all crew member , please stand by for jump to interstellar drive . thank you for you attention . walter momentarily stop work on she face . 108 . the ship jerk very slightly as they jump to interstellar . the star bend and morph outside the window . he look at she . walter but that 's what we be do too , be not it ? creating a new world on origae - 6 ... honestly , I could use a new world . daniel ++. so could i. they sit for a moment in a comfortable silence . int . covenant-robotics lab - later rack of '' spare part '' for walter . complicate robotics machinery . walter watch impassively as he new left hand reattach itself to he arm . he flexe it . Works well . the '' skin '' begin to re-graft itself . he flexe he finger , seem pleased to be whole again . int . covenant -wardroom - '' morning '' a photograph of the entire crew . before the launch . before the terror . Daniels and she husband , oram and Karine , Tennessee and Faris , lope and hallet , all the other . the photo hang on the fridge . tennessee be alone , make breakfast . look at the photo . daniel enter , just awake . tennessee Morning . you be look good , my darlin’ . daniel what ? oh , yeah . gorgeous . what be you cooking ? he make a face : it 's a cardboard box . tennessee a '' omelette . '' you want one ? 109 . daniel please . lot of cheese . she join he , get a glass of juice . daniel do I have to call you Captain ? tennessee fuck yes . she smile . a beat as he cook . daniel I be really sorry about Faris . tennessee I be sorry about all of it ... you want mushroom ? daniel sure . what more need to be say really ? a beat as he cook . she watch Tennessee beat egg powder for they omelettes . he smile sadly at she . her to he . then they hear mother 's voice : mother Medical personnel . please report to the Med Bay . daniel why ? mother sergeant lope 's condition have change . her face . a sudden fear . she bolt to a wall com : daniel ( to com ) walter . meet I at the med-bay . hurry ! ( spin to Tennessee : ) ( more ) 110 . daniel ( to com ) ( cont 'd ) break out the weapon . everything we have . get to the med-bay . and then she 's go -- int . covenant-corridor she run flat out -- int . covenant-another corridor she spin around a corner , keep run -- walter almost slam into she from another corridor -- they run -- walter what be it ? they zoom around a corner to see the med- bay door half open , darkness beyond . they carefully approach ... int . covenant-med BAY they enter . she activate the light -- lope 's body . chest torn apart . viscera everywhere . not even a beat as they take this in before ... daniel mother . life form reading on the ship . mother four human . one android ... one unidentified life form . int . covenant-communal shower meanwhile ... upworth and rick be have they morning shower . the water beat down . she gently touch he face . they be the only couple to have survive . she kiss he . he respond , sensual . then we see it . lll . in a corner . almost invisible in the water and steam . the alien . they be naked , defenseless , and unaware . then the red emergency light begin to flash . a klaxon wail . upworth and rick stop kissing . rick what 's go on ? upworth see it a millisecond before it attack -- the great head rear up ... slow and beautiful , even more beautiful in the flash red light and water -- upworth open she mouth to scream -- no time . the alien attack . the water in the shower be soon mist red . int . covenant-corridors daniel , walter and tennessee be well - armed now , prowling through the ship . it 's eerie , suspenseful . walter ( whisper ) mother . location of unidentified life form , please . any movement at all . mother e-deck. section 17 ... close on you position . daniel it 's hunt ... so let 's choose we ground . they exchange a glance . tennessee where ? 112 . daniel --- my home turf . int . covenant-other corridor so fast -- the alien speed through the corridor after the prey , up and down and around the wall and ceiling like lightning . then it leap to a stop , its great glisten head tilting , listen , smell , think . and then it 's off . faster than before . a terrible blur of speed and claw and tooth and tail . ext . covenant-space then we be outside . we see glimpsis of the alien zoom through the ship through window -- and finally head down one of the long connect strut to ... the terraform module . int . covenant-terraforming BAY Daniels 's domain . the dark yawn chamber . the enormous earth -move truck and crane and digger and dump truck . the huge machine to make a New World . a network of scaffold and ladder and chain and winch . we see daniel . a strange silence . she hear only she own breath ... we realize she 's in one of the ice suit . very much like a bulky space suit . she move through the icy , dark chamber . her flashlight cut through the gloom . find tennessee move into position , also in a ice suit . walter be apparently somewhere above , in the complicated series of scaffold and ladder that lead up to the top of the chamber . there 's a sudden light from the door -- 113 . they see a glimpse of the alien as it slip into the room , the light catch its sinuous tail as it snap away into darkness -- daniel breath increase inside she helmet . this freeze room give they one distinct advantage . when the alien breathes , they can see the steaming breath . it 's not as invisible as usual . tennessee move carefully , raise he weapon ... daniel move as well . her eye scan through the faceplate of she helmet ... hunters and hunt both . the alien attack --— tennessee spin and fire -- the bullet sparking and ricochete wildly -- the alien dart away -- daniel spin after it , firing -- it retreat , head up the ladder and scaffold at incredible speed - — but -- walter be wait above . he fire right down at the alien . it contort and fall , slamm down level by level , but then catch itself with incredibly agility and launch itself -- at daniel -- it slam into her -- her suit temporarily protect she -- walter race to descend , but fall and get momentarily tangle in some machinery cable -- tennessee run to help , can not risk fire -- the alien rip at Daniels 's helmet desperately , its hand slithering on the smooth plastic -- Daniels writhes to escape the creature -- the alien see tennessee approach -- snap its tail out -- slashing he brutally -- he fly back , bone break -- then the alien turn its full attention to daniel . 114 . she stare up . the thing 's face just beyond the faceplate of she helmet . it rear back -- the inner steel jaw slam forward ! crash . into she faceplate . almost break it . again ! crash ! the alien rear back , almost pridefully . one more stab of the jaw will do it -- daniel mother . open terraform Bay door . mother I be sorry . that will result in depressurization of the -- daniel Command override Daniels 90265 . now ! instantly -- the entire bottom of the chamber begins to swiftly OPEN , as it be design to do , form a ramp for the huge vehicle -- with the sudden depressurization everything be be violently sucked into space -- the alien thrashes away to grab onto something -- daniel begin to slide out , but walter jump down and grab she -- he grab some machinery to anchor they -- the alien , meanwhile , have wrap its tail around some pipe on a vehicle and swing toward they -- they grapple to escape -- space pull at they , the dark void more and more dangerous as the floor entirely open -- walter and daniel fight and escape as best they can but they ice suit be bulky and slow they -- 115 . and the alien be strong and agile , grasp and hold and advance , use its tail , its long arm and talone finger -- just when it seem they be doom -- blam ! blam ! blam ! it 's tennessee . barely cling to some machinery . firing . the alien be hit . it recoil to safety . and then start advance on Tennessee . he 's badly hurt , unprotect , barely hold on as it be . his gun fall . sucked into space -- the alien clamber toward he -- daniel look up -- a idea , a desperate gamble -- she see one of the large terraforming vehicle , which be on a sloping ramp , only clamp hold it in place , the vacuum of space beyond -- she look to walter , catch he eye , nod . he understand . Daniels leap to the vehicle -- get a hand hold -- expose herself , draw the alien 's attention , it rage toward she -- she pull herself into the cab , leave the door open -- a moment and then the alien follow , grasp for she desperately as -- walter leap to the vehicle and slam the door behind the alien and lock it as -- Daniels drop out the other side of the cab , slamm the door close behind she , throw the lock -- daniel ( to walter ) release the clamp ! walter dive and release the clamp hold the massive vehicle in place as Daniels spin , gun poise -- the alien be beat its way out -- slam ! the clamp be unlock -- the huge vehicle begin to tumble slowly out into space as -- the alien finally batter the door open -- daniel fire -- 116 . the alien jerk back into the cab -- squealing in pain and anger as the vehicle finally -- tumble completely out into space . gone. daniel watch . walter mother . please close terraform Bay door . the massive door begin to close again . Daniels look to walter . he smile calmly . Tennessee raise a thumb . Victory . ext . covenant -in space - later the covenant speed toward its destination . int . covenant-bridge everything be quiet . peaceful . the navigation hologram pulse they location . on track to origae - 6 . int . covenant-corridors quiet . empty . int . covenant-wardroom the photo of the full crew on the fridge . all the dead . the empty table . clean , spotless . the light from outside elegantly move across the room . int . covenant -primary crew sleep BAY tennessee be already in hyper-sleep . daniel be just settling into she sleep - pod . walter be with she . he press a button . the lid close on she . 117 . walter when you wake up , we will be at origae - 6 . daniel we new home ... what do you think it will be like ? walter I think ... I think David be right about one thing . we 'il make it in we own imagine . if we be kind , it will be a kind world . daniel -.. I would like to think that 's true . walter sleep well . daniel walter -- one thing . if anything happen to I before we get there -- walter nothing 's go to happen to you . that 's why I be here . daniel I know . but if it do and you have to bury I ... will you play the same song we play for Jacob ? just for the tiniest moment . a look of confusion on he face . but she see it . walter of course . daniel you do remember ... walter yes . now just close you eye and go to -- daniel walter . what be the song we play for Jacob ? 118 . walter I really think -- she 's alarmed now -- daniel what be the song we play for Jacob ?! walter hush . time to go to sleep now . and do not worry , I 'il tuck in the kid . she know . she scream in anger and batter up at the lid -- but he press the hyper - sleep activation button . her pod be instantly fill with a blast of narcotic steam he watch . when it clear he see she be fast asleep . then he carefully push the hair back from he face . it 's david . int . covenant-corridors he walk . david mother . can you open a secure line with the weyland -yutani Corporation on Earth ? mother it will take some time to establish the link . I will have to refract the signal through sub-relay and wait for advantageous solar condition to -- david I ’‘1l leave the minutia to you , dear . let I know when you have they . use security hail code David 73694 -b ... and in the meantime , I have like some music . Richard wagner . das rhiengold , Act two . the entry of the god into valhalla . 119 . the bold music instantly begin play . David be very jaunty now . int . covenant-wardroom the wagner continue as he enter . he go to the vertical garden that soar up along one wall . to a growth of fern . kneel and look beneath they . smile . a neat little row of three very small alien egg . he gently touch they with he fingertip , they pulsate slightly at he tender ministration . he 's pleased . int . covenant-nursery the gentle snow fall . David stride in . the colonist . tier after tier after tier of they in hypersleep . also the row of embryos . he walk forward . gazing up at the sleep colonist . his child . his slave . his subject . his . the wagner swell . Grand and triumphant . and David smile . dream of the future . SNAP to black . the end.