" all the president's men " by William Goldman base on the novel " all the President 's Men " by Carl bernstein and Bob woodward pre-rehearsal version March , 1975 start with as few credit as possible . when they be over -- fade in on : a tiny black piece of tape . we see it in the center of the large , dimly light screen . as the tape be press around a door -- begin the break -in sequence . it 's a major piece of action , run maybe five minute and it 's all as detailed and accurate as we can make it , with as many " if only 's " include as possible . ( " if only " the tape have be attach up and down instead of around the door , will would not have spot it and alert the police ; " if only " the first police car call have go to investigate , baldwin , watch from the Howard Johnson motor Inn , would have see they uniform and radioe hunt and liddy in time for they to have get to the five burglar and then safely away . ) the break - in end when leeper arrest the five man . he think he only have one guy , so when ten hand be raise he be surprised . the hand be all encase in playtex rubber surgical glove . hold on the hand a moment ; then -- go to : a dark apartment . the phone ring . woodward fumble for the receiver , turn on the bed light . he listen a moment . woodward no , no trouble , Harry , be right down . ( he hang up ) Son of a bitch . he lie back . the apartment be one room , a small terrace beyond . not much of a place . woodward lie still , stare at the ceiling . he blink , blink again . hold ... CUT to : the enormous fifth floor of the WASHINGTON post . it look , early of a Saturday morning , pretty desert . that reporter that be around be young , bright , and presently involved in nothing more taxing than drink coffee and thumbing through the papers . harry rosenfeld survey the scene from he office doorway as woodward approach , hang he coat at he desk , not far from where rosenfeld be stand . rosenfeld where 's that cheery face we have come to know and love ? woodward you call I in on my day off because some idiot have break into local Democratic headquarters - - tell I , Harry , why should I be smile ? rosenfeld as usual , that keen mind of yours have peg the situation perfectly . ( chomp on some maalox tablet ) except ( a ) it be not local Democratic headquarters , it be National Democratic headquarters -- ( woodward be surprised -- he have not know ) -- and ( b ) this be not just any idiot , this be special idiot , see as when they be arrest at 2:30 this morning , they be all wear business suit and playtex glove and be carry -- ( consult a piece of paper ) --a walkie-talkie , forty roll of film , camera , lock pick , pen-size tear gas gun , plus various bugging device . ( put paper down ) not to mention over two thousand dollar , mostly in sequence hundred dollar bill . woodward preliminary hearing at Superior courthouse ? rosenfeld ( nod ) two o'clock , work the phone ' till you go . CUT to : the criminal court build . woodward hurry along , go inside as we CUT to : a corridor inside . woodward come down it , look around , see a door mark " counsel 's Offices " and head toward it . now -- CUT to : a clerk at a desk as woodward come up . behind they , two lawyer be clearly angry about something , talk and gesticulate to each other . woodward ( to the counsel' clerk ) could you give I the name of the lawyer for the man arrest in the watergate . clerk this two be appoint -- ( indicate the angry man ) -- only now it turn out the burglar get they own counsel . ( he start to laugh ) first angry lawyer ( to clerk ) when you gonna stop think it 's so funny . second angry lawyer ( to clerk ) we wouldda do a terrific job protect that guy . ( neither lawyer , by the way , be clarence darrow ) first angry lawyer you think we be not as good as some hotshot fancy lawyer ? -- CUT to : the courtroom and business be booming . mugger , pimp , hooker , they family and friend . in the scene that follow , a constant counterpoint be what 's go on up at the front as a endless succession of petty criminal catch the previous night , the aforementioned mugger , pimp , and hooker , be shuttle in , give a quick appearance before a judge who set bond , and then shuttle out . in the audience , one man stand out -- douglas caddy . he be extremely well - dress and obviously successful . beside he sit another smaller man , who be unshaven and squint . woodward move in , sit alongside caddy . woodward Mr. caddy ? my name 's Bob woodward , I be from the Post and I want to ask about how you happen to come on this case -- caddy -- I be not here . woodward ( nod ) ok . he take out a small notebook , write , mutter aloud as he do . woodward Douglas caddy , the attorney of record , when question about he presence in the courtroom , deny he be in the courtroom , " I be not here , " Mr. caddy say . caddy ( impatiently ) clearly , I be here , but only as a individual , I be not the attorney of record . ( indicate unshaven man ) Mr. rafferty have that position . whatever you want , you will have to get from he , I have nothing more to say . and as he get up , walk off -- CUT to : the water fountain in the corridor . there be a small line . caddy wait at the end of it . woodward ( move in behind he ) Mr. rafferty be very helpful . four Cuban - Americans and this other man , James mccord . caddy look , I tell you inside -- woodward -- you have nothing more to say , I understand that . caddy turn away ; woodward go right on . woodward what I do not understand be how you get here . caddy I assure you , there 's nothing mysterious involved . woodward probably you be right , but a little while ago , I be talk to a couple of lawyer who would be assign to represent the burglar . caddy so ? woodward well , they never would have be assign if anyone have know the burglar have arrange for they own counsel . and that could only mean the burglar do not arrange for they own counsel - - they never even make a phone call . ( look at caddy ) so if they do not ask for you to be here , how do you know to come ? without a word , caddy turn , leave the line without get a drink . silently , woodward watch . now -- CUT to : caddy seat as before beside rafferty . woodward 's voice come from behind he , and as caddy turn , woodward be seat one row back . woodward do you know to come because one of the other man involved in the break - in call you ? caddy ( turn ) there be no reason to assume other people be involved . woodward you client be arrest with a walkie-talkie ; they do not need that to talk among themselves . caddy look at woodward , turn back . caddy ( turn back ) they be not my client . woodward you be a lawyer and you be here -- caddy -- I meet one of the defendant , Mr. barker , at a social occasion once -- ( stop himself ) -- I have nothing more to say . woodward ( lean forward as caddy turn away again ) a Miami social occasion ? ( explain ) Mr. rafferty tell I the cuban be from Miami . caddy ( sighing ) barker 's wife call I at three this morning ; she husband apparently have tell she to call if he have not call she by then . woodward it be really nice of you to come , since you would only meet he once . caddy be you imply you do not believe I ? woodward I have nothing more to say . caddy you do not mind get on people 's nerve , do you ? woodward consider this a moment . then -- woodward nope . and on that word -- CUT to : the courtroom as without warning , it quiet . there be suddenly a tremendous air of expectancy , you can feel it . now we see why as five man in dark business suit be lead in ; they have be stripped of belt , tie , and shoelace . mccord be taller than the other . they stand , face the judge , back to the audience . woodward sit watch as the proceedings start , but it 's hard to hear . he concentrate as the judge start speak . judge will you please state you profession . the five man do not move or reply . then , after a long pause , barker say -- barker anti-communist . judge anti-communist ? ( perplex ) that , sir , be not you average occupation . woodward start move forward now , down a aisle , move past kid and whore and all the rest , try to hear what the hell 's go on . at the front of the spectator 's section be a fence - like wooden barricade about three foot high . as he approach it -- the judge indicate the bald burglar . judge you name , please . mccord James mccord . judge will you step forward , sir . ( mccord obey ) woodward at the bench be lean forward , try to hear but it 's hard . judge and what be you occupation , Mr. mccord ? mccord ( softly ) Security consultant . judge where ? mccord ( softer ) government . recently retire . judge where in government ? mccord ( we can not really make this out ) ... Central ... Intelligence ... Agency ... judge ( he can not either ) where ? mccord ( clear he throat ) the c.i.a . and on this word , zoom to : close up --woodward lean over the fence practically fall over it in a desperate strain effort to catch what 's go on . woodward ( stunne ) Holy shit . now from the courtroom -- CUT to : thousand and thousand of WASHINGTON post . we be at the end of the press run , the papers be all assemble and be cable and send off by machine to various place . as the papers continue to roll past -- a union type employee grab a paper , look at the front page . the watergate story , headline whatever it be headline , be visible . the byline be by Alfred E. Lewis . the union type Post employee glance at the article -- union post employee ( read half - aloud ) " five man , one of whom say he be a former employee ... " ( stop read , give a shrug ) schmuck . and he turn happily to the sport section -- CUT to : a close up of hundre dollar bill . it 's new money and look as if it 's be recently irone . someone be go through the cash , make a quick count . during this -- first voice ( v.o. ) hurry it , huh , bachinski ? bachinski you say I could look at it -- pull back to reveal we be in a room in a police station and two man be present . one , a cop , be nervous as hell and constantly aware of the door . the other , bachinski , be take hurried note in a reporter 's type notebook as he examine the evidence . cop -- I say look , not memorize -- bachinski -- almost do , give it a rest , all right ... ( and he look at a address book , he stop ) CUT to : the address book . beside the name " Howard E. hunt " be the notation " w.house . " now , bachinski hurriedly open the other book to the letter " h " and there be the same name , " Howard E. hunt " and beside it , the letter , " w.h . " cop ( v.o. ) what would you find ? bachinski ( v.o. ) beat I . this notebook belong to Cuban guy ? cop ( v.o. ) s'right . bachinski ( v.o. ) it 's gotta mean either White House or whore house , one or the other . we hold on the hunt name , and the address notation . then -- CUT to : woodward apartment - night . the phone ring , waking he . he fumble for the phone and the light , finally get they both . woodward bachinski ? ( reach for a notebook ) what ? -- hold it -- ( get it open , start to write ) -- ok , go on , go on ... CUT to : a BOX of maalox tablet . rosenfeld be open they , we be in he office , woodward sit across the desk , hold the notebook we see he write in . rosenfeld ... go on , go on ... woodward that 's everything bachinski have , I think it 's worth follow up . rosenfeld do not know ; who the hell 's Howard hunt ? ( crunch tablet ) it 's probably nothing but check it out . just go easy , it could be crazy cuban . howard simon stick he head in the office . simon anything ? rosenfeld woodward 's onto a new wrinkle with the break - in thing -- absolute page one stuff -- simon -- in other word , you get nothing , you be thumbsuck . rosenfeld ( shrug ) could develop . simon let I see what you get , but do not jump -- the New York Times think it 's crazy cuban . he move on . rosenfeld turn quickly to woodward . rosenfeld ok , get on this w.house guy and do a better job then you do on mccord . woodward I do all right on mccord . rosenfeld then how come the Associated Press be the one find out that Mr. mccord be security coordinator for the Committee to re-elect the President , otherwise know as creep ? woodward ( get it straight ) the head of security for the reelection of a Republican President get catch bugging the national office of the Democrats ? what the hell do that mean ? rosenfeld ( have not the foggiest ) Mr. John Mitchell , the head of creep , say it mean nothing . ( read ) " ... this man and the other people involved be not operate on either we behalf or with we consent . this be no place in we campaign or in the electoral process for this type of activity , and we will not forget it or condone it . " woodward ( get up ) you can not believe that . rosenfeld as a rough rule of thumb , as far as I can throw bronco nagurski , that 's how much I trust John Mitchell ... now -- CUT to : a moon -face man ringing a triangle . CUT to : the newsroom as the triangle sound echoe . howard simon leave large manage editor 's office , walk past another office , knock twice on the glass wall . Inside the executive editor 's office , BEN bradlee sit . as simon knock , he turn , nod . he appear , for the moment , deep in think . harry rosenfeld on the opposite end of the room hurry out of he office , follow a bunch of editor , all of they head across the huge room . as he pass woodward 's desk rosenfeld pause . rosenfeld what would you get on w.house ? woodward ( massage he neck ) lotsa hint -- rosenfeld ( not happy ) I can not sell hint to Simons -- ( stop , look at piece of yellow paper ) -- you call everyone you know ? ( woodward make a nod ) call someone you do not know . woodward continue to rub he neck as rosenfeld hurry off , all the editor still move toward the place where the moon - face man intermittently ring the triangle . woodward pick up the sheet of yellow paper from he desk . line , legal -size , it be cramme with name and number and address . they be in no neat order ; look at they it 's almost like follow a path ; chicken track in ink . woodward mutter " to hell with it " and reach for a thick book , flip it open . now we see the book : it 's the Washington phone directory and we be in the W 's . as woodward 's finger stop , we can see he 's look at the White house entry number . there it be , just like you name and mine . list . now woodward start to dial , visibly nervous , a fact he try very hard to keep out of he voice tone . white house operator ( v.o. ) White House . woodward ( casually ) Howard hunt , please . throughout the follow call , we stay on woodward 's face , hear the other voice . white house operator ( v.o. ) Mr. hunt do not answer . woodward be delighted he 's even there . woodward thanks , anyway -- and he 's about to hang up , when -- white house operator ( v.o. ) I will bet he 's in Mr. colson 's office . let I connect you . secretary ( v.o. ) Charles colson 's wire . woodward ( a little more excited ) Howard hunt , please . secretary ( v.o. ) Mr. hunt be not here just now . woodward thanks , anyway . and he 's about to hang up again when -- secretary ( v.o. ) have you try mullen and company Public Relations ? he work at mullen and company Public Relations as a writer . the number be 555- 1313 . I be sorry I could not be more helpful . woodward listen , forget it . he hang up , sit there . his hand be a little twitchy ... hold . now -- CUT to : rosenfeld hurry ( he always hurry ) toward he office . woodward , look for something in he desk throughout this scene , speak to he . woodward who 's Charles colson ? rosenfeld ( stop dead ) I would like you query to be in Russia half a century ago and ask someone , " I understand who lenin be and trotsky I get too , but who 's this yokel stalin ? " woodward who 's colson , Harry ? rosenfeld the most powerful man in America be President Nixon , probably you have hear he name . woodward , unfaze by anything , continue to open drawer , close they , as rosenfeld roll on . rosenfeld the second most powerful man be Robert haldeman . just below he be a trio : Mr. erlichman be haldeman 's friend , and they protect the President from everybody which be why they be refer to as either the german shepherd or the Berlin Wall . Mr. Mitchell we have already discuss . Mr. colson be the President 's special counsel . woodward ( rise ) thanks , Harry . ( look at rosenfeld ) know anything about colson ? rosenfeld just that on he office wall there 's a cartoon with a caption read , " when you have get they by the ball , they heart and mind will follow . " woodward nod , head back toward the file as we CUT to : woodward at he desk dial the phone . he 's get the colson file spread out now , and we see picture of the man and article the Post have do on he . but basically what we see be woodward plugging away on the goddamn phone and you would think he finger would fall off from all the dial and you know he voice be tiring as this montage go on , you can hear it grow raspy . but a lot of what a reporter do he do on the phone , and that 's what we be compress here . the dial never stop , the voice be continuous . woodward hello , I be Bob woodward of the wash Post and ... ( beat ) mullen and company Public Relations ? could you tell I when you expect Mr. hunt ? ( surprised ) he be ? hunt ( v.o. ) Howard hunt here . woodward hi , I be Bob woodward of the Post and -- hunt ( v.o. ) ( impatient ) -- yes , yes , what be it ? woodward I be just kind of wonder why you name and phone number be in the address book of two of the man arrest at watergate ? hunt ( v.o. ) ( blind panic ) good God ! and he bang the phone down sharply -- -- more dial sound . now snatch of conversation -- woodward I be sorry to bother you , Mr. bennett , but we be do some investigate of one of you employee , Howard hunt . bennett ( v.o. ) well , if you have be do some investigate then obviously it 's no secret to you that Howard be with the c.i.a . woodward ( he have not know ) no secret at all . more dial . then -- woodward ( tired , voice deeper ) hello , c.i.a . this be r.w. woodward , of the Washington Post - - get I personnel - - dial again . woodward 's voice be show genuine fatigue . woodward hi , I be Bob woodward of the Washington Post -- and -- what 's that ? -- you have never hear of I ? -- I can not help that -- you do not believe I be with the Post ? -- what do you want I to do , madam , shout " extra - - extra " ? there be the SOUND of the phone be slam down in he ear . hard . now -- CUT to : rosenfeld and simon approach woodward who be work at he desk . he have put in a lot of hour on this and look it . rosenfeld whaddya get , whaddya get ? woodward hunt be colson 's man -- ( to simon , explain ) -- that 's Charles colson , Nixon 's special counsel -- ( simon almost say something , decide against it ) -- they both go to Brown University -- ( consulting he note ) -- hunt work for the c.i.a. till ' 70 , and this be on deep background , the FBI think he 's involved with the break - in . simon what else have you get ? woodward accord to White House personnel , hunt definitely work there as a consultant for colson . but when I call the White House Press office , they say he have not work there for three month . then the p.r. guy say the weirdest thing to I . ( read ) " I be convinced that neither Mr. colson nor anyone else at the White House have any knowledge of , or participation in , this deplorable incident at the Democratic National Committee . " he look up at they . simon be not that what you would expect they to say ? woodward absolutely . rosenfeld so ? woodward ( he 's get something and he know it ) I never ask they about watergate . I only say what be hunt 's duty at the White House . they volunteer that he be innocent when nobody ask be he guilty . rosenfeld ( to simon ) I think we get a White House consultant link to the bugging . simon ( nod ) just be careful how you write it . CUT to : woodward typing like mad , make a mistake , correct it , type on mutter to himself , and -- CUT to : rosenfeld in he office munch a handful of maalox tablet and -- CUT to : woodward take a sheet from he typewriter , hurry off and -- CUT to : rosenfeld take the sheet from woodward -- woodward here 's the first take -- rosenfeld nod , show he out and -- CUT to : woodward back at he machine type faster then before , make another mistake , start to correct it , glance around and -- CUT to : rosenfeld in he office gesture to somebody but not woodward and -- CUT to : woodward watch as bernstein appear in view from behind the wide pillar by woodward 's desk , head toward rosenfeld 's office . woodward shrug , go back to he type , make a typo immediately , glance over toward rosenfeld 's office , freeze as we -- CUT to : rosenfeld hand some papers to bernstein . they look , from this distance , suspiciously like woodward 's story . CUT to : bernstein hurry out of rosenfeld 's office , and -- CUT to : woodward watch bernstein until he disappear out of sight behind the pillar . woodward hesitates , finally go back to he type , make another mistake , fix it , make still another , he temper be shortly to make itself know -- CUT to : rosenfeld as woodward hand he another sheet of paper . woodward this be all of it , Harry . rosenfeld nods , take it , immediately start to read as we -- CUT to : woodward at he desk watch as rosenfeld gesture again . there be a pause . then bernstein appear from behind the pillar and -- CUT to : rosenfeld hand bernstein another sheet of paper . berstein nod , take it , walk back toward he desk , disappear behind the pillar again . woodward be start to steam . now -- CUT to : bernstein at he desk type magnificently , he hand rise and fall like rubinstein . behind he be the pillar and for a moment there be nothing -- then , very slowly , a figure peer out from behind the pillar -- it be woodward . he watch . bernstein continue to type , then after a moment , rest , think , shift around in he chair and as he glance start toward the pillar -- CUT to : the pillar . woodward be go . CUT to : bernstein type madly away . the pillar . woodward be visible again , eye very bright ... now -- CUT to : bernstein finish type , he hand move majestically . woodward come up behind he , stand look a second . then -- woodward we have to talk . bernstein nod , grab the papers both that he 's be type and that he 's be copying from . and as he rise -- pan to : woodward and bernstein walk silently out of the newsroom then turn leave down a darker corridor , pass bulletin board and wall locker and it 's all nice and quiet as they amble on , nodd to the few people they pass on they way and after a while they turn right and enter the coffee lounge which be empty ; the wall be line with norman rockwell reproduction and various kind of vend machine be visible , sell coffee or milk or fruit or sandwich and there be some plastic table and chair and the minute they be alone , the silence end . woodward what the hell be you do rewrite my story -- bernstein -- I sure could not hurt it , could I ? -- woodward -- it be fine the way it be -- bernstein -- it be bullshit the way it be -- woodward -- I have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from Virginia ? -- bernstein ( a sore subject ) -- what have you be here , nine month ? -- I be in this business since I be sixteen -- woodward -- and you have have some fuck meteoric rise , that 's for sure - - by the time you turn forty you might be the head of the Montana bureau - - bernstein -- you only get the job because both you and bradlee go to Yale -- woodward -- bradlee go to Harvard -- bernstein -- they're all the same , all that ivy League place -- they teach you about stripe tie and suddenly you be smart -- woodward -- I be smart enough to know my story be solid -- bernstein -- mine 's better -- woodward -- no way -- bernstein ( hand they over ) -- read them both and you will see -- and as woodward glance at the two storey -- CUT to : bernstein watch . now -- CUT to : woodward . he glance from one story to the other . then , disconsolately -- woodward ...crap ... and he sink down in a chair . bernstein be mine better ? woodward nod . woodward ( hand the storey back ) what be it about my write that 's so rotten ? bernstein ( as he exit ) mainly it have to do with you choice of word . and as he go , leave woodward just sit there -- CUT to : berstein , re-enter the newsroom , return to he desk . he start to insert some papers into he typewriter , hesitates , light a cigarette . he inhale , as , behind he , woodward briefly be visible go to he desk behind the pillar . finally bernstein insert the paper , start to type as woodward ( v.o. ) ( from behind the pillar ) Carl ? bernstein ( turn ) yeah ? woodward ( push he chair briefly into view ) fuck you , Carl . and as he roll forward again , out of sight -- CUT to : richard nixon on the tube . ( it 's the June 22 Press Conference . ) he talk on about something , it do not matter exactly what here , the point be , it should include that strange smile of he that keep appear when the man should not have be smile . hint of pressure maybe , that 's all , and once it 's establish -- pull back to reveal : woodward sit alone , gloomily stare at the set . we be in the Post cafeteria , it 's the next morning , and the place be pretty much empty . he sip the coffee , it taste rotten . bernstein move up behind he , carry a cup of coffee of he own . he stand by woodward briefly . bernstein you hear ? ( woodward glance up ) they put we both on the break - in thing . Simons like the way we work together . ( woodward nod , bernstein sit down ) listen , I be sorry I say you story be bullshit . woodward it 's ok ; I be sorry I call you a failure . bernstein forget it , the main thing -- ( stop ) -- do you call I a failure ? woodward I be sure try . CUT to : woodward , bernstein , and nixon . the way it 's shot , it 's almost as if they be watch each other ; nixon stare out from the tv set , answer question . woodward and bernstein sip coffee . we do not know yet -- or better , they do not know it yet , but this be we adversary . CUT to : woodward and bernstein , without nixon now . they sit at the table . occasionally , nixon be audible in the background . woodward all right , what do we know ? bernstein let I lay a little theory on you -- woodward ( cut he off ) -- I be not interested in theory . what do we know ? for example , hunt 's disappear . bernstein well , barker try to get blueprint of the Miami Convention Center and the air-condition system . woodward and mccord be carry a application for college press credential for the Democratic convention . ( to bernstein ) the Times have get to be full of it -- it can not be crazy cuban . bernstein what , though ? ( point to Nixon ) it can not be the Republicans - - he would never allow something as stupid as this , not when he 's gonna slaughter mcgovern anyway . woodward right . Nixon do not get where he get by be dumb -- ( stop abruptly ) -- listen , that be a watergate question -- CUT to : nixon on the tube . serious now . nixon the White House have have no involvement whatever in this particular incident . CUT to : woodward and bernstein stare at the set think ... CUT to : woodward and bernstein walk toward berstein be desk . woodward hey ? bernstein hmm . woodward what do you think he mean , this particular incident ? be there other ? how would we find out ? you know anyone important ? bernstein ( sit , shake he head ) I live here all my life , I get a million contact , but they be all bus boy and bellhop . the reporter ken ringle at the next desk watch they a moment . then -- ringle what do you need ? bernstein someone inside the White House would be nice . ringle ( write down phone number ) call she . she work for colson , if that 's any help . as bernstein grab for the phone -- CUT to : a secretarial pool in a large office . bernstein be talk off to one side with a attractive girl . girl Kenny 's crazy , I never work for colson , I work for a assistant . colson be big on secret anyway . even if I have work for he , I would not have know anything . bernstein nothing at all you can remember ? secretary ( headshake ) sorry. ( pause ) now if it be hunt you be interested in -- bernstein -- Howard hunt ? secretary sure . him I like , he be a very nice person . secretive too , travel all over , but a decent man . bernstein any idea what he do ? secretary oh , the scuttlebutt for awhile be he be investigate Kennedy -- bernstein -- teddy Kennedy ? secretary sure . I remember see a book about chappaquiddick on he desk and he be always get material out of the White House Library and the Library of Congress and -- and as she go on , quickly -- CUT to : the newsroom . bernstein be at he desk , telephon . woodward stand alongside . bernstein White House Library , please . we hear the other end of this phone call clearly . operator ( v.o. ) one moment . librarian ( v.o. ) ( elderly - sounding lady ) Library . bernstein hi. Carl bernstein of the Washington Post . I be just wonder if you remember the name of any of the book that Howard hunt check out on Senator Kennedy . librarian ( v.o. ) I think I do remember , he take out a whole bunch of material . let I just go see . SOUND of the phone be laid down . bernstein -- what do you think ? -- woodward -- hunt do not seem like you ordinary consultant . bernstein maybe a political operative of some sort -- woodward --a spy , you mean ? bernstein it make sense ; hunt work for the c.i.a. and the White House be paranoid about teddy Kennedy . librarian ( v.o. ) Mr. bernstein ? bernstein yes , mar 'am . librarian ( v.o. ) what I say before ? I be wrong . the truth be , I do not have a card that Mr. hunt take out any Kennedy material . ( woodward and bernstein listen , and now there be something in she voice that be not there before : fear ) I remember get that material out for somebody , but it be not Mr. hunt . the truth be , I have never have any request at all from Mr. hunt. ( beat ) the truth be , I do not know Mr. hunt . there be the SOUND of the phone be drop into its cradle . bernstein continue to hold he . he and woodward just look at each other . now -- CUT to : the library of congress . now , as woodward and bernstein get out of a cab , start inside -- CUT to : a male librarian in he office . librarian you want all the material request by the White House ? pull back to reveal woodward and bernstein stand there . the nod . one of they maybe say " yessir , " the other maybe " please . " the librarian move out of he office into a corridor . they go with he . no one else be around . the librarian look at they , quickly -- librarian all White House transaction be confidential . and just like that , he 's back into he office , and as he shut the door -- CUT to : woodward and bernstein walk along through the Library of Congress . woodward you think they be confidential ? I do not know anything about how this town work , I have not live here a year yet . bernstein we need a sympathetic face . on the word " face " -- CUT to : a beard young - looking clerk . we be in the read room of the library , and woodward and bernstein be with he . young clerk you want every request since when ? bernstein ( to woodward ) when do hunt start at the White House ? woodward July of ' 71 . bernstein about the past year . clerk ( start to smile ) I be not sure you want them , but I get them . now -- CUT to : woodward and bernstein seat at a table with from anywhere between 10 to 20 thousand slip of paper . in front of they , seat at a high desk , the bearded clerk look down on they , shaking he head . it 's a staggering amount of work to thumb through . clerk I can not believe you guy be actually do this . woodward ( to the clerk ) you do a lot of thing when you be on a story . ( to bernstein , quietly ) can you believe we be actually do this ? ( bernstein can not ) now we have a series of shot of the two of they go through the slip ; it take they hour and hour , and the afternoon darken as they work . and they be tired . now -- CUT to : woodward and bernstein get back into a cab . bernstein that be fun . ( slam the door ) what now ? woodward I meet a presidential aide once at a social occasion . bernstein ( stunne ) and you have not call he ? -- as the taxi pull off -- CUT to : rosenfeld read a article by bernstein 's desk . woodward sit on a adjacent desk . rosenfeld ( to bernstein ) you get accurate note on the White House librarian ? ( bernstein nod ) ok , we will leave space for the White House denial and we should be set . suddenly he gesture and we -- CUT to : bradlee stand across the room . without a nod , he move toward rosenfeld . CUT to : woodward and bernstein , nervously watch bradlee come . as soon as bradlee be within earshot , rosenfeld start he sell . rosenfeld benjy , we get a present for you . above the fold on page one for sure . it may not change we life one way or the other . just a good , solid piece of american journalism -- ( beat ) -- that the New York Times do not have . bradlee by this time have take the story , grab a unoccupy chair , sit down , start to read . his only response to rosenfeld be a intermittent " uh-huh , uh-huh . " CUT to : woodward and bernstein , watch as the silence go on . rosenfeld too . he want the story too , but he do not want it like woodward and bernstein do . they be , as they say , proud of they work . the silence go on . finally bradlee look up . bradlee you have not get it . ( before they can reply ) a librarian and a secretary say hunt look at a book . ( shake he head ) not good enough . he begin editing the piece , slashing paragraph out of it . woodward I be tell by this guy at the White House that hunt be investigate teddy Kennedy . bradlee how senior ? woodward ( edgy ) you ask I to disclose my source ? other reporter be watch now . bradlee be impatient , as always . bradlee just tell I he title . woodward I do not know title . bradlee be he on the level of Assistant to the President or not ? woodward do not know . bradlee continue to hack at they piece . done , he stand , walk away . bradlee get some harder information next time . woodward and bernstein watch he go , they be embarrassed , angry , crush . hold on they face . then -- CUT to : woodward apartment - morning he be in pajamas and lug a flower pot out to the balcony , positioning it so it would be visible to anyone pass in the alley below . he take a stick with a red flag , jam it into the flower pot . he 's nervous and he make several adjustment , make sure the red flag be secure and will not fall . CUT to : woodward down in the alley , stare up at he apartment . the flag be clearly visible . it 's early . he check he watch , hurry out of the alley . CUT to : the CITY room - night desert except for a few older Front page type , reporter whose leg have give out , play card in a corner of the room . woodward be work at he desk until he glance up at a wall clock . it 's almost one on the button and as he rise -- CUT to : woodward racing down the stairway of the Post ; as he hit the lobby , he turn and we CUT to : outside the post - night woodward appear in the side exit , walk off . when he get out of sight of the paper , he start to run . now -- CUT to : woodward turn a corner , run on . up ahead be a cab -- CUT to : woodward in the cab sit forward tensely . occasionally , various monument be briefly visible , light up in the b.g. woodward take out some money as we CUT to : the cab stop . woodward pay , get out . the cab pull away . when it be out of sight , woodward start to run again . CUT to : a STREET as woodward run by . it 's not the nicest area in the world . he be go faster now . CUT to : a cab gassing up at a station . woodward hurry to it , get in and -- CUT to : the second cab roaring along some Washington street . CUT to : woodward inside the cab . he look at he watch , try not to seem nervous . but he finger be drum , drum and -- CUT to : the second cab stop , as woodward get out , pay . the cab start off , but slowly . woodward wait . the cab do not turn as the first one do . woodward still wait . finally the cab turn and the second it do , woodward start to run again and -- CUT to : woodward turn a corner , run on and -- CUT to : another corner as woodward turn it , finally stop and catch he breath as we -- CUT to : a gigantic underground type garage CUT to : woodward entering the garage . it 's a eerie place , and he heel make noise and if you wonder be he edgy , yes he 's edgy . he come to the ramp lead down to lower level , hesitates . CUT to : the ramp . it seem to descend forever . CUT to : woodward start down . hold on he as he walk . down he go , the shadow deepen , then disappear , then cover he again . he continue on . he must be at least at the first underground level now but he do not stop , and we do not stop watch he as he continue to go down , turn , the SOUND of he shoe softer now and he 's a smaller figure as we watch he circle around and around until we -- CUT to : another level underground . dimly light . a few car park here and there . woodward hesitates on the ramp , look around . the garage . Dark , dark , eerie . CUT to : woodward quietly step off the ramp , continue to glance this way , that way . now -- CUT to : two car parked beside each other . nothing unusual about that . but then some cigarette smoke appear , trail up and disappear from between the car . as woodward move forward -- CUT to : a man sitting on he haunches between the car , smoking . he lean with he back against the wall . deep throat I see the flag signal -- what 's up ? woodward nothing , that 's the problem -- the story 's go underground . deep throat you think I would help out on specifics ? ( headshake ) I will confirm what you get , try to keep you on the right track , but that 's all . ( look at woodward ) be you guy really work ? ( woodward nod ) how much ? woodward I do not know maybe sixteen , eighteen hour a day -- we have get source at justice , the FBI , but it 's still drying up . deep throat then there must be something , must not there . look , forget the myth the media 's create about the White House -- the truth be , this be not very bright guy , and thing get out of hand . woodward if you do not like they , why will not you be more concrete with I ? deep throat because the press stink too-- history on the run , that 's all you be interested in . ( inhale ) you come up with anything ? woodward John Mitchell resign as head of creep to spend more time with he family . that do not exactly have the ring of truth . ( deep throat nod ) Howard hunt 's be find -- there be talk that he lawyer have 25 thousand in cash in a paper bag . deep throat follow the money . always follow the money . woodward to where ? deep throat ( shake he head " no " ) go on . woodward this man Gordon liddy -- he 's go to be try along with hunt and the five burglar -- we know he know a lot , we just do not know what . deep throat ( light a new cigarette ) you change cab ? you be sure no one follow you ? woodward I do everything you say , but it all seem -- deep throat -- melodramatic ? ( headshake ) thing be past that -- remember , this be man with switchblade mentality who run the world as if it be dodge City . woodward what 's the whole thing about -- do you know ? deep throat what I know , you will have to find out on you own . woodward liddy -- you think there 's a chance he will talk ? deep throat talk ? once , at a gather , he put he hand over a candle . and he keep it there . he keep it right in the flame until he flesh sear . a woman who be watch ask , " what 's the trick ? " and he reply . " the trick be not mind . " deep throat shake he head , walk off . woodward stand alone now , watch . now the shadow have the other man . just he footstep be audible . woodward stand there ... hold . CUT to : bernstein . it 's morning and he 's struggle to get he bike down the step of he apartment building . CUT to : woodward drive up in he two - year - old red karmann ghia . he roar up alongside bernstein , wave a fold - up newspaper . bernstein what 's that ? woodward the fuck New York Times . CUT to : the Times spread somewhat tentatively over a mailbox . a small headline be visible , with the word " barker , " " liddy , " and " telephone " in some kind of order . woodward and bernstein look at it the best they can . bernstein goddamnit -- woodward -- see ? -- bernstein -- I be try -- woodward -- fifteen phone call -- bernstein --- fifteen or more phone call from the burglar in Miami to Gordon liddy at creep -- woodward why do not we get that ? bernstein Christ , and I even know somebody at the phone company -- woodward -- you do ? -- with access to record ? as bernstein nod -- CUT to : a little CITY park . a guy shell peanut . bernstein hurry up . bernstein why could not you have just dial I from the office , irwin ? irwin ' Cause I be not call out from the phone company anymore -- ( drop he voice ) -- I think the place be bugge . bernstein ( take some peanut ) so tell I about the Times article . irwin what do you want to know ? bernstein no game , irwin ; give . irwin ( look at bernstein ) my big civil rights buddy -- ( shake he head ) -- boy , if John Mitchell be after you phone record , would you be scream . ( eat ) what be you onto ? bernstein something maybe big . irwin and that make anything you do ok , be that it ? bernstein just tell I about the goddamn article . irwin ( shelling away ) it be accurate , but I can not get a fuller list for you -- all barker 's phone record have be subpoena . bernstein who by ? irwin a Miami d.a . the guy do the investigate be name Martin dardis . ( finish he peanut , start off ) bernstein irwin ? I really feel bad , do something like this -- you know that , do not you ? irwin look at bernstein for a long time . then -- irwin do not give I any more of you liberal shit , ok , Carl ? he walk off , do not look back . now -- CUT to : rosenfeld at the water fountain on the 5th floor . he chew up a few maalox tablet , notice bernstein steaming up . bernstein Harry , I just talk to a Miami investigator about barker -- rosenfeld -- so ? bernstein I think it might be helpful if you would send I to Miami . rosenfeld head for he office , bernstein pursue . rosenfeld I be the one send you to Toronto , bernstein - - bernstein ( try to head he off ) -- that be awhile ago -- rosenfeld -- " I think it might be helpful if you would send I to Toronto . " that be you spiel then . " the lifestyle of deserter . " ( whirl on bernstein ) I be still wait for it . he enter he office , bernstein follow . bernstein down to Miami and back -- how much damage can I do ? rosenfeld you be the fella who forget he rent a hertz car , do I have to tell you they do not forget to send we the bill ? and he look unsympathetically at bernstein -- CUT to : simon circle around the 5th floor . rosenfeld fall into step . they keep move throughout . rosenfeld I can predict the next word you be gonna say : " anyone but bernstein . " ( simon gesture for rosenfeld to continue ) I want to send a reporter to Miami . simon anyone but bernstein . rosenfeld Howard -- simon -- remember Toronto , Harry . rosenfeld that be awhile ago . simon I do not get it -- you be the one who want to fire he . rosenfeld I know , I do , but damnit Howard -- ( simon look at he ) for the first time since I have know he , I think he 's really humping ... CUT to : bernstein apartment . a shamble . he be busy do two thing at once , study notebook and pack . Music play , lovely stuff ; the bach brandenburgs . as the phone ring -- bernstein ( answer ) yeah ? ( pause ) yes , this be Carl bernstein . ( stunne ) you be repossess my bicycle ? ( softer ) listen , I be sure I pay this month 's installment , so why do not you check you record before you go around hassling people ? ( pause ) oh ... and as he stand there -- a attractive , efficient - looking woman of bernstein 's age . she have just enter the apartment . vivaldi be play now . bernstein Hannah , I never would have bother you but I be off to Miami and they be gonna take away my ten speed unless I get it straighten out fast . hannah ( glance around the chaos ) where be you bill , Carl ? bernstein oh , they be here . ( start lift debris from he desk ) I be keep much better record now , Hannah . ( grab a big manila envelope ) see ? ( hand it to she ) hannah ( look inside ) Carl , it 's a jungle . ( sit at he desk , take out a mass of papers -- glance at the top bill ) I suggest you either pay this immediately or lay in a large supply of candle . ( study another bill ) you would give a stranger the shirt off you back -- except it would not be pay for . he smile , gently begin massage she shoulder as she study he finances . bernstein hey ... very tense . hannah ( nod ) lot of pressure at the star. ( look at the bill ) Carl , when we get marry , you be four thousand dollar in debt ; when we split , you be solvent . that may prove to be the outstanding single achievement of my life , and now look at this . ( sigh ) how much do the damn bike cost ? bernstein five hundred ; six maybe . hannah ( look at paper ) you be two month behind -- you get enough to cover ? bernstein I think . hannah give I you checkbook then . bernstein it 's right under that pile . he indicate a mound of papers . she pull it out as he continue to massage she , more sensually now . she reach back , put she hand on he . hannah I think you have to get to Miami . bernstein there 's always a later plane . hannah you be a sex junkie , you know that , Carl ? bernstein nobody 's perfect . ( more rub now ) I be glad you be out of it , Hannah - - you be a terrific reporter and I turn you into a bookkeeper . hannah look at bernstein a moment ; then she smile gently , shake she head . hannah aw baby , you can get it up ... I just wonder if you will ever be able to get it together . and quickly from that -- CUT to : bernstein seat perspire on a hard bench in a stifling office . outside : palm tree ; we're in Miami . and judge from the number of cigarette butt strewn around the bench , bernstein 's be there a while . wait . nervous . and maybe he never will be able to get it together , who know . at the front , a secretary sit filing she nail . behind she be a number of close door to office . no one pass without she ok . the clock hit three in the afternoon as bernstein get up from the bench , go to the secretary . bernstein hi , it 's I . I be still here . secretary ( could not be nicer ) I be so glad . bernstein I would really like to see Mr. dardis . secretary and you will . ( smile ) but not now . bernstein I call he from Washington . he 's the one who ask I to be here at eleven in the morning . secretary I tell you , he have to go out on a case . CUT to : the bench as bernstein slump back down . he wipe he forehead with he sleeve , smoke a fresh cigarette , be kind of interested when a uniformed cop walk up to the secretary , who be now put red polish on she nail . uniformed cop be it ok to go on back ? she nod . CUT to : bernstein watch as the cop walk past the secretary , enter a office behind . CUT to : the clock on the wall . it's quarter of four now . pull back to reveal bernstein , approach the secretary again . she be work on she right hand now . bernstein could you reach Mr. dardis by car radio ? secretary he be not in the car . ( smile ; she 's just so understanding ) sorry . CUT to : another uniformed cop walk by the secretary 's desk . second cop hey , babe . he enter the same office the first cop do . CUT to : bernstein . he light another cigarette , put it out , then light another . CUT to : the secretary finish she manicure . it be almost five o'clock now . bernstein , he bench a sea of cigarette butt , slowly get up and go to the secretary . bernstein Mr. dardis do call in every so often ? secretary well of course . bernstein ( quietly ) good . just tell he I be here , that I be sorry I miss he -- he walk out the double door . CUT to : bernstein in hallway . he look down the hall . at the end , opposite the secretary 's reception room , be a big glass door with a sign read : Office of the dade County clerk . bernstein go into a phone booth in the corridor from which he can see both office . he put in a dime , and dial . bernstein Mr. dardis ' office , please . CUT to : secretary . the phone ring and she punch the button on the phone console . secretary Mr. dardis ' office . CUT to : bernstein in phone booth . bernstein this be Mr. tomlinson in the clerk 's office . could you come across the hall for a moment ? we have get some document you boss probably should see . he hang up . CUT to : bernstein watch from phone booth as the secretary hurry across the hallway . as we see she open the door of the clerk 's office , bernstein bolt out of the phone booth and run into the reception room head straight for the secretary 's desk . CUT to : bernstein at she desk , look at the telephone console , receiver in hand . he punch the button mark intercom and we can hear it buzz somewhere . voice ( v.o. ) dardis . bernstein Carl bernstein 's here to see you -- I do not know why , but he seem angry -- CUT to : dardis emerge through one of the door behind bernstein . bernstein see he . bernstein ( to dardis ) look , you have be jerk my chain all day . if there 's some reason you can not talk to I -- like the fact that you have already leak everything to the New York Times -- just say so . dardis listen , I have get a dinner - - can not we do this tomorrow ? bernstein ( headshake ) I be on deadline . CUT to : dardis ' office . he be fiddling with a combination lock at a filing cabinet . bernstein be seat across dardis ' desk . dardis you want barker 's phone stuff or he money stuff ? bernstein whatever . he hand bernstein some papers , glance at he watch . dardis I will never get out of here in time . bernstein ( fly through what he 's be hand ) the telephone call ... we know about that . dardis the rest be barker 's bank record . it 's mostly the eighty - nine thousand in mexican cashier 's check -- bernstein -- yeah , that be in the Times this morning . bernstein continue to fly through the papers . bernstein ( continue stop ) what 's this dahlberg check ? and as it 's mention -- CUT to : close up -- cashier' check . it 's draw on the first Bank and trust company of boca raton , Florida , it 's date April 10 and it 's for 25 thousand dollar , payable to the order to Kenneth H. dahlberg . dardis ' voice that the twenty - five grand one ? -- do not know -- CUT to : bernstein start to copy the check in a meticulous facsimile . dardis watch . dardis I never could figure just who this dahlberg be . ( watch bernstein ) think it might be anything ? bernstein ( casually ) this ? ( shrug ) naw ... and from here quickly -- zoom to : bernstein in a phone booth in the lobby of the justice Building . wildly excited -- bernstein -- woodward -- woodward , listen , I do not know what I get -- ( hold the dahlberg facsimile ) -- and I think the Times have it too -- ( big ) -- but somewhere there 's a Kenneth H. dahlberg in this world and we have gotta find he -- and now come the hunt for dahlberg . this be a compress montage sequence in which we CUT from one reporter to the other , both of they desperately try to locate a man name dahlberg . woodward be maybe in the reference room of the Post , sweat , surround by who 's who and dictionary of american biography and phone book from dozen and dozen of city -- bernstein be maybe in the phone booth of the justice Building , sweat , with a pile of dime as he dial away . this take they hour , and that effort should be visible to we . they tire , grow punchy , but they keep on , check phone book and dial number and God know what else . the point be , we want to get to dahlberg in a reasonably short amount of time , but we also want people to know there be effort involved . CUT to : woodward , bleary , in the reference room , a girl come in , a researcher librarian type . researcher be you after the dahlberg article from the file ? ( woodward nod ) there be not any , sorry . and now she drop a piece of paper , a photo -- woodward whazzis ? researcher ( shrug ) we dahlberg file . as she leave -- CUT to : the photo . it be a picture of hubert humphrey stand next to another man . the caption identify that other man as kenneth dahlberg . now -- CUT to : woodward at he desk . the room be reasonably quiet . rosenfeld be visible in he office . as woodward pick up the phone , get minneapolis information -- CUT to : rosenfeld phone ringing . he hurry in , grab it . bernstein voice ( v.o. ) Harry -- I know how to get dahlberg -- rosenfeld -- woodward 's talk to he know . CUT to : bernstein , drench . there be no dime leave . he listen a moment more , then nod , hang up , lean back against the glass , take a deep breath , close he eye as we CUT to : woodward on the phone . woodward -- this should take only a minute , Mr. dahlberg , but we be do a follow - up on the break - in -- ( pause ) -- and I be kind of curious about you check . dahlberg ( v.o. ) ... check ...? woodward the twenty - five thousand dollar one . ( silence ) the one with you name on it . ( silence ) in Bernard barker 's Florida account . ( still nothing ) Bernard barker , the watergate burglar -- dahlberg ( v.o. ) ( struggle ) ... you be definitely do a story ...? woodward yes , sir . dahlberg ( v.o. ) I be a proper citizen , I be a decent man , I do not do anything that be not decent or proper . ( woodward wait , pen ready ; tense as hell ) I know I should not tell you this ... woodward 's lip be go " tell I , tell I . " dahlberg ( v.o. ) that twenty - five thousand dollar be money I collect for Nixon in this year 's campaign . woodward I see . and how do you think it reach Miami ? dahlberg ( v.o. ) I do not know ; I really do not . the last time I see it be when I be in Washington . I give it to the Finance department of the Committee to re- elect the President . how it get to that burglar , you guess be as good as mine . woodward ( try to keep he voice level ) that check out with we find , thank you , Mr. dahlberg . CUT to : a article with woodward name on the byline . rosenfeld hold it . rosenfeld creep finance the watergate break - in , Jesus Christ . he start off . woodward one sec ' -- woodward take the story , scrawl bernstein 's name in front of he on the byline . rosenfeld watch . as woodward finish , he take the story again , hurry off . now -- CUT to : the headline of there story : " campaign fund found in watergate burglar 's account . " now -- pull back to reveal that it be not exactly a gigantic headline piece . as a matter of fact , as more and more of page one appear , we see that they story be tuck away at the bottom and as bigger and bigger headline be visible -- pull back to reveal -- the whole first page . plaster across the top in giant letter be the follow : " eagleton resigns . " and as you look at the whole page now , you can barely make out the tiny piddle watergate story . the point be abundantly clear : nobody care a whole lot . CUT to : the triangle be rung like crazy . and as it sound -- CUT to : the budget meeting simon -- ok , last go-round . foreign , anything else ? the foreign editor , a enormously thoughtful - look and respected man , indicate " no . " simon ( to another editor ) National ? national editor I will stand with the eagleton follow - up and mcgovern not be able to get a replacement -- that 's you page one stuff right there , Howard -- simon -- Metropolitan ? -- rosenfeld -- you be ignore the importance of the dahlberg repercussion -- national editor -- nobody give a shit about the dahlberg repercussion -- rosenfeld ( to national editor ) -- quit equivocate , say what you mean -- ( to simon and bradlee ) -- we story get government account to start a audit on creep 's finances -- bradlee -- and we print that , do not we , Harry ? and when the frigging audit 's do , we will print that too -- national editor -- let I tell what happen when I be have lunch today at the san souci -- rosenfeld -- correction -- when you be drink you lunch at the bar of the san souci-- national editor -- this White House guy , a good one , a pro , come up and ask what be this watergate compulsion with you guy and I say , well , we think it 's important and he say , if it 's so goddamn important , who the hell be woodward and bernstein ? rosenfeld ask he what he 's really say - - he mean take the story away from woodstein and give it to he people at the National desk -- national editor -- well , I have get some pretty experience fella sit around , would not you say so ? -- rosenfeld -- absolutely -- and that 's all they do , sit sit sit - - every once in a while , they call up a Senator , some report -- national editor -- well , what if you boy get it wrong -- bradlee ( after a beat ) then it 's we ass , be not it ? simon ( indicate the meeting be over ) and we will all have to go to work for a live . as the man rise and head for the door , the foreign editor move toward bradlee and simon who remain seat as before . foreign editor I do not think either Metropolitan or National should cover the story . ( bradlee and simon look at he ) I do not think we should cover the story , period . bradlee go on . foreign editor it 's not that we be use unnamed source that bother I , or that everything we print the White House deny , or that almost no other papers be reprinting we stuff . simon what then ? foreign editor I do not believe the goddamn story , Howard , it do not make sense . bradlee it will , it just have not bottome out yet , give it time . foreign editor Ben , Jesus , there be over two thousand reporter in this town , be there five on watergate ? where do we suddenly get all this wisdom ? bradlee and simon say nothing . they respect this guy . foreign editor look -- why would the Republicans do it ? -- my God , mcgovern be self - destruct before we eye -- just like muskie do , humphrey , the bunch of them . ( sit on the table , talk quietly on ) why would the burglar have put the tape around the door instead of up and down unless they want to get catch ? why do they take a walkie- talkie and then turn it off , unless they want to get catch ? why would they use mccord -- the only direct contact to the Republicans ? bradlee you say the Democrats bugge themselves ? foreign editor the FBI think it 's possible -- the Democrats need a campaign issue , corruption 's always a good one . ( rise , start out ) get off the story , Ben - - or put some people on mcgovern 's finances ; fair be fair , even in we business . he leave . bradlee and simon stay where they be , both of they flatten by what the guy 's say . because they be not sure he 's wrong ... hold . now -- CUT to : the paper pouring out of the assembly line . we be back with the union guy from before . he pull out a paper again , look at a story on the front page -- CUT to : the woodward / bernstein story that say the gao find that creep have mishandle over $ 500,000 in campaign fund . union guy ( to another union guy who 's read over he shoulder ) what would 'ya think ? second union guy Politics as usual , someone just get catch with he hand in the cookie jar , that 's all . union guy ( he 's not so sure ) Big fuckin ' cookie jar . as he turn to the sport section -- CUT to : getting the creep list sequence . either they get it as it be now , or as they really do , from a Post researcher who know someone . in ant case , we see the list , with the column of name and number meaning office and phone extension . we also see the two of they work , first , make long attempt at figure out who work for whom at creep . then , once they have that , they begin use the cross - reference phone book , which be not familiar to moviegoer . and from this , they begin to get the home address of the various small - fry people who work for creep . near the end alphabetically , there be a common female name , Jane Smith or something like that . as bernstein run he finger down the address , something strike he as familiar , and as he reach for the phone -- CUT to : a crummy - looking bar - mid -day . bernstein enter , look around , then smile and move to a lovely girl with a sweet face who probably weigh 200 pound . she be sit alone in a corner booth . she nod to bernstein , can not quite pull off a smile . bernstein ( sit across ) this be practically a high school reunion for we , Jane -- I would have sprung for a classier place . jane anyplace really public , they would know about it -- they know everything at the Committee , Carl -- bernstein -- you do not really think you be be follow ? jane this girlfriend of mine at the Committee , the other day she go back to the d.a. to tell the thing the FBI do not ask she . that night , she boss , he know what she would do . they control everything ; that 's how they know it all . bernstein FBI too ? jane you do not believe I ? well , I be work the weekend of the break - in and my God , all the executive be run around like crazy -- you have to practically wait in line to use the shredd machine -- and when the FBI come to investigate , they never even ask I about it . bernstein if you do not like it down there , why do not you quit ? jane I do not know what they would do to I . bernstein ( reach over ) hey , easy ... jane ( headshake ) we be a long way from high school , Carl ... ( she look at he ) ... and I be scared . hold on she frighten face a moment . then -- CUT to : bernstein riding home on he bicycle . he get to he building , start lug it up when -- jane's voice ( o.s. ) they find out I see you -- ( bernstein stop , glance around ) -- they want to know everything . ( louder ) do not call I again . bernstein ( move toward she voice ) I can help if you will -- jane ( o.s. ) -- stay away from I , Carl ! CUT to : jane in the darkness . if she be scared earlier , it 's panic - time now . she turn , hurry off . bernstein watch she . suddenly a SOUND come from the darkness behind he . he whirl . it be nothing but from the way he jump when it happen you can tell the fear be spread . now from Washington , in darkness -- CUT to : essex house in manhattan - bright sunshine . woodward come hurry along , and as he enter the hotel -- CUT to : a desk clerk shaking he head at woodward . clerk we have no one by the name of Mitchell register . woodward my mistake , sorry . and as he go -- CUT to : woodward out on the street , in a phone booth near Essex House . woodward get I John Mitchell , it 's urgent . operator ( v.o. ) that would be room 710 , I will connect you . woodward wait anxiously as the connection be make . man' voice ( v.o. ) the mitchell . woodward can I speak to martha Mitchell , please . man' voice ( v.o. ) who be this ? woodward I have meet Mrs. Mitchell in Washington , I be Bob woodward of the Post and tell she -- and the phone click dead -- CUT to : a elevator , the number of the floor be light as it rise . 4--5--6 -- woodward stand alone in the elevator . as it reach seven and the door slide open , he step out and CUT to : the marriott suite . it 's numbered 710 . woodward approach but as he do the door begin to open so he whirl , knock on the door nearest he . now 710 be wide open and several maid leave , watch by a large black man . first maid we will be back after lunch . black man ( it 's the voice from the phone ) we will be here . woodward wait by he door as 710 slowly close . the maid look at he a moment . he knock again , louder . second maid I think they go out . woodward ( shrug ) I do not mind wait . the maid nod , move out of sight . woodward stand tense and still , watch the close door numbered 710 ... now -- CUT to : national airport in D.C. - late afternoon . people be get off the shuttle , woodward among they . bernstein wait . bernstein ( as woodward reach he ) see she ? ( woodward nod ) get anything ? woodward for the paper , no ; for we , plenty . ( the two of they head for the terminal ) I wait a long time and finally this big guy -- I guess a bodyguard -- he leave and I knock and she remember I , we talk awhile . bernstein and ? -- and ?-- woodward ( look at bernstein ) -- she be panicked , Carl - - every time I mention watergate , you could tell . bernstein be you eyebrow read ? woodward ( shake he head " no " ) it be there . I just do not get it ; a creep secretary be scared , that 's one thing . but what do the wife of one of the most powerful man in America have to be afraid of ...? they look at each other , neither have a clue . hold . now -- CUT to : the red karmann ghia move along a residential area in Washington . it 's later that night . CUT to : inside the car - night . woodward and bernstein drive along . bernstein Left up ahead . woodward nod . woodward who 's first ? bernstein alphabetically , on the creep phone list , miss helen abbott of South George Street . as woodward turn leave . bernstein now hang you second right -- ( explain ) -- this be my turf when I be a kid . and on that word -- CUT to : a dead end sign . we hear bernstein explain -- bernstein ( v.o. ) I bring you over one street too many -- go back and hang a leave again . now on that word -- CUT to : another dead end sign . CUT to : woodward and bernstein pull over to one side . bernstein , baffle , stare around ; woodward look at a map with the aid of a flashlight . bernstein I do not get it ... this really be my turf ... woodward ( concentrate on the map ) you be not a kid anymore . bernstein ( shaking he head ) my first day as a copy boy I be sixteen and wear my only grow - up suit -- it be cream color . at 2:30 the head copy boy come run up to I and say , " my God , have not you wash the carbon paper yet ? if it 's not wash by three , it will never by dry for tomorrow . " ( woodward be get interested in the story now ) and I say , " be I suppose to do that ? " and he say , " absolutely , it 's crucial . " so I run around and grab all the carbon paper from all the desk and take it to the men' room . I be stand there wash it and it 's splash all over I and the editor come in to take a leak , and he say , " what the fuck do you think you be do ? " and I say , " it 's 2:30 . I be wash the carbon paper . " ( bernstein look at woodward ) just want you to know I have do dumber thing than get we lose , that 's all . woodward go back to he map . bernstein continue to smoke , stare around at the night . CUT to : woodward - at the front of a house . a sweet old lady be look out at he . woodward hi. I be Bob woodward of the Washington Post and I hate to bother you at home -- sweet old lady -- I already get the Post . I do not need another subscription . woodward no , I be a reporter . I want to talk to you about the Committee to re- elect . sweet old lady the what to what ? woodward you work there , miss abbott . sweet old lady I be not miss abbott . CUT to : another lady - in her doorway . this time both woodward and bernstein be there . woodward miss abbott ? miss abbott yes ? woodward we be from the Washington Post and we want to ask you some question about the Committee . zoom to : close up - miss abbott miss abbott I be sorry -- and from nowhere , suddenly she burst into tear . CUT to : woodward and bernstein as she door slam in they face . they just look at each other , bewilder . and a little bit upset ; they upset increase as the rejection go on . CUT to : whole series of face in quick succession -- they be all in various doorway , man , woman , young , old . the only thing in common be they fear . middle - aged man ( literally tremble ) God , it 's just so awful -- and as he close the door CUT to : a young girl -- I can not -- I would like to but -- ( that 's all she will say ) and as she door start to shut CUT to : old man -- go -- you have get to go before they see you -- please -- and as he almost start to beg CUT to : old woman --no ... good ... she stand there , shaking she head back and forth , back and forth , pathetic and sad . now -- CUT to : woodward . he be seat alone stare at he coffee cup , surround by junk food debris . we be in a hot shoppe , it 's night , and as bernstein come up with food , they be dress differently from before . bernstein put more junk food and coffee down . bernstein you have the mighty Mo and the fries without gravy , right ? ( woodward shrug ) bernstein pass over some food . they both look bleary and in foul mood . silently , they start to eat , something they continue do throughout . they be not hungry , they just eat . woodward this be terrific work , if you like rejection . bernstein I never scared anyone before . woodward it 's not we , they be scared before we get there . ( look at bernstein ) what do we know ? bernstein fact or theory ? woodward anything you have get . bernstein we know there 's get to be something or they would not be so panicked . woodward and that something 's get to be more than just hunt , liddy , and the five burglar -- that indictment be gonna be bullshit when they come down . what else do we know ? bernstein I just wish we know when someone would talk to we , that 's all . the continue to eat , bleary and numb , as we CUT to : a middle - aged woman -- -- kind of a honest , hard - work face . woodward and bernstein be stand in she doorway . woodward a friend at the Committee tell we to contact you -- woman -- who be it ? bernstein we never reveal we source , which be why you can talk to we . woodward it 's safe , try it , you will see . she do not talk at first , but she do not slam the door either . bernstein we understand you problem -- woodward -- you believe in the President , you would not ever want to do anything disloyal . bernstein we appreciate you position -- really . and now she start , at last , to talk , and they expect it to be they first breakthrough , but when it turn out to be the most wither onslaught yet , they be stunne . woman you people -- you think that you can come into someone 's life , squeeze what you want , then get out . ( to bernstein ) you do not appreciate a goddamn thing , mister . ( to woodward ) and you do not understand nothing . ( voice rise ) but the Committee 's brief we on you -- so get the hell out of here -- ( big ) -- do you like scare the life out of decent people ? --' cause if you do not , in the name of god--stop it ! and she slam the door -- CUT to : woodward and bernstein , slowly walk back in silence back to the car . woodward at Yale once , they hold a auction . there be this woman and she name be lulu landis . her postcard come up for sale . she have 1400 postcard write to she and I would never hear of she before but I know I have to have that card , I have to know why anyone would get so many message . I pay sixty - five dollar for they ... I get all crazy try to work it out and first it be just a maze but then I find that she husband kill himself in dayton , and once I have that , it all begin to open , a evangelist have come to dayton and he horse hit lulu landis at the corner of 13th and vermillion and she be paralyze . permanently , and she favorite thing till then have be travel and all she friend , whenever they go anyplace , they write she . that card , they be she eye ... they continue to walk ; slowly . CUT to : a middle - aged man --in he doorway middle - aged man I know who you be and I be not afraid but that do not mean I will talk to you either - - you be just a couple Democrats out to stop Nixon get re-elect . CUT to : woodward and bernstein , stare at the man . woodward Democrats ? middle - aged man that 's right . bernstein I hate both party . woodward and I be a Republican . the middle - age man look at he . bernstein ( surprised , turn to woodward ) Republican ? woodward sure . bernstein who would you vote for ? woodward when ? bernstein ' 68 . woodward Nixon . bernstein stare at he in silence as we -- CUT to : another series of creep employees . only they be not slamm door , they be sit in various room of they house and apartment . we do not see the reporter or hear they question but the answer they receive make it self - evident . we start with the middle - age man see above . middle - aged man Mitchell never leave the Committee -- he resign , sure , but he be there as much as before -- CUT to : younger man -- oh , do not worry , Gordon liddy will be happy to take the fall for everyone because , well , it 's not that Gordon 's crazy , he 's ... ( pause , look for the right word ) ... weird . I will give you some Committee people who know about he -- only do not tell it be I -- CUT to : younger woman -- of course we be brief on what to say -- and never to volunteer anything -- CUT to : old woman -- oh , we be never alone with the FBI , there be always someone from the Committee right there -- smile , talk on as we -- CUT to : richard nixon's somber visage . nixon ... no one in this administration , presently employ , be involved in this very bizarre incident ... pull back to reveal bernstein and woodward in a crummy cafeteria , watch the evening news on the tv set high on the wall . woodward eat a hamburger , bernstein smoke , sip coffee . it be night , as usual now . CUT to : nixon -- on the tube . nixon ... what really hurt in matter of this sort be not the fact that they occur , because overzealous people in campaign do thing that be wrong . what really hurt be if you try to cover it up . CUT to : woodward and bernstein as the news commentator come on , begin introduce another story . woodward do he just say what I think he say ? bernstein you vote for he . he give woodward a big smile . woodward eat he hamburger in silence ... CUT to : a different time , a different place --early evening . bernstein get out of he car , walk up , and knock on the door of a small tract house in the D.C. suburb . a woman open the door . bernstein hi , I be Carl bernstein of the Washington Post and -- woman -- oh , you do not want I , you want my sister . ( call out ) for you . and we -- CUT to : the bookkeeper approach the door . she 's young than the clich version of a bookkeeper . as she look at she sister -- bookkeeper' sister this here be Carl bernstein - - bookkeeper --omigod , you be from that place , you have get to go . the sister be smoking and there be a pack on the dinette table . bernstein could I bum one of you cigarettes ? -- as the sister start for the pack -- bernstein -- do not bother , I will get it . and he cross ten foot inside the front door . bookkeeper you have really get to go . bernstein just let I get a match . he go into the live room area , pick up a book of match . this whole scene move slowly , the tension building under it -- it 's not like news people talk , nothing overlap here . bernstein but I want you to know that I understand why you be afraid - - a lot of good people down there at the Committee be afraid . I be really sorry for what you be be put through . bookkeeper all that article you people write -- where do you find that stuff ? bernstein we do not tell anyone that . which be why you can talk to we . and if we can not verify what you say someplace else , we do not print it . that 's another reason you can relax . bookkeeper ( tense ) I be relaxed -- light you cigarette . bernstein light the cigarette . bernstein you be Hugh sloan 's bookkeeper when he work for maurice stan at Finance , and we be sort of wonder , do you go work for stan immediately after sloan quit or be there a time lapse ? bookkeeper I never work for sloan or stan . bookkeeper' sister ( out of the blue ; to bernstein ) would you like some coffee or anything ? as the bookkeeper wince . bernstein ( like a shot ) please , yes , thank you . ( he look at the bookkeeper ) can I sit down for a minute ? he be by a couch . bookkeeper one minute but then -- bernstein -- right , right , I have get to go . ( he sit ) why do you lie just then ? the bookkeeper knead she hand together silently . bernstein watch . bernstein I be just curious -- you do not do it well , so I wonder . have you be threaten , if you tell the truth , be that it ? bookkeeper ... no ... never in so many word ... bernstein ( gently ) it 's obvious you want to talk to someone - - well , I be someone . he take out he notebook . CUT to : the bookkeeper . and she do want to talk . but the notebook scare she terribly and she can only stare at it . bernstein I be not even go to put you name down . it 's just so I can keep thing straight . ( beat ) start with the money , why do not you ? bookkeeper' sister ( return with coffee ) how do you like it ? bernstein everything , please . bookkeeper' sister ( go again ) I will not be a minute . bernstein ( to the bookkeeper , quietly ) the General account report say there be a 350 thousand cash slush fund in stan ' safe . do you know about that from the beginning ? bookkeeper ( about to fold ) there be too many people watch I -- they know I know a lot -- bernstein -- it be all in hundred , be not it ? bookkeeper a lot of it be . I just think it be sort of a all - purpose political fund -- you know , for take fat cat to dinner , thing like that . bernstein could buy a lot of steak , 350,000 dollar . bookkeeper ( she word be come faster ) I can not be positive that it be use for the break - in but people sure be worried . bernstein which people ? bookkeeper the one who could disburse the money . bernstein who be they ? bookkeeper there be a group of they -- I think five , I do not know they name . bernstein sloan know which five , do not he ? ( she nod ) bookkeeper' sister ( back with cream and sugar ) here we be . bookkeeper I do not want to say anymore . bernstein ( indicate coffee ) it 's awfully hot -- ( smile ) -- and you have not finish tell I about the money -- bookkeeper ( long pause ; then -- in a burst ) -- omigod , there be so much of it , six million come in one two - day period -- six million cash , we could not find enough place to put it . I think it be all legal , I guess I do , till after the break - in , when I remember Gordon get so much of it . bernstein ( heart start to pound ) Gordon liddy , you mean ? bookkeeper ( nod ) it be all so crazy -- the day after the break - in he give we a speech , bounce up and down on he heel in that loony way of he -- Gordon tell we not to let Jim mccord ruin everything -- do not let one bad apple spoil the barrel , he say . you just know that when Gordon liddy 's call someone a bad apple , something 's wrong somewhere . ( more and more move now ) ... it 's all so rotten ... and get worse ... and all I care about be Hugh sloan . his wife be go to leave he if he do not stand up and do what be right . and he quit . he quit because he see it and do not want any part of it . bernstein think sloan 's be set up as a fall guy for John Mitchell ? sometimes it look that way . there be a pause . then -- bookkeeper if you guy ... if you guy could just get John Mitchell ... that would be beautiful ... and now , as long last , she begin to cry . hold on she tear , then -- CUT to : a typewriter click away . the word " interview with x. sept . 14 " be visible . there be music in the background , really blast away , rachmaninoff or worse . we be in woodward 's apartment and bernstein be dictating note from the bookkeeper interview . it 's very late , and bernstein have note on everything , matchbox , and it 's hard for he to read . they be both really excited , bernstein from he coffee jag , woodward by what bernstein 's dictating . bernstein I could not believe what she tell I . eight cup of coffee worth . woodward go on , go on -- bernstein -- we have get to find out who the five guy be -- the five with access to the slush fund -- they be aware of the break - in . woodward then tomorrow 's grand jury indictment will just be bullshit . bernstein it go very high - - we have get to find out where -- woodward -- we will -- bernstein -- she be really paranoid , the bookkeeper . woodward that happen to people . ( he go over , turn the hi-fi on even louder . shout - -) ok , go on . the noise blast away as bernstein and woodward hunch over the typewriter . it 's a moment of genuine exhilaration . paranoid , sure , but for the first time , they be really on to something ; it 's all start to split open ... CUT to : woodward and bernstein they be drive through McLean , Virginia , a development of identical imitation tudor house . bernstein how do you want to handle sloan ? woodward you mean , who 's go to play the mean m.p. and who 's go to be the nice one ? ( bernstein nod ; woodward shrug ) whichever . bernstein he 's another ivy leaguer so he will probably expect you to be understanding -- might surprise he if you be not . woodward you want I to be the bastard . bernstein ( nod ) and I will just shitkick in my usual way . as they drive on -- CUT to : a pretty young woman stand in the doorway of one of the tudor house . she be very pregnant . she know instinctively who they be , and she dominate they in a genuinely proud female way . what I mean be , it 's she scene , and they be suddenly embarrassed to be bother she . woodward to see Mr. sloan . mrs . sloan he 's out . ( there be a pause . she study they - -) you be that two from the Post , be not you . ( they nod ) I will tell he . bernstein ( as she 's about to step back inside ) this must be a difficult time for the both of you . mrs . sloan this be a honest house . woodward that 's why we want to see you husband . she study they still ; more silence . mrs . sloan that decision be up to he . bernstein ( conspiratorially ) maybe you could put in a good word . woodward we have get another appointment tonight in this area - - we will just stop back later , all right ? mrs . sloan it 's a free country -- ( beat ) -- in theory . they nod , start back down the walk . she watch they . mrs . sloan ( call out ) be careful -- they turn , look back at she . CUT to : close up --mr . sloan mrs . sloan -- you can destroy life . CUT to : woodward and bernstein watch she . she seem like a terrific girl . and maybe they have upset she . or maybe what she have say , come from she , have more impact than otherwise . quietly , they turn back , walk in silence toward the red karmann ghia ... CUT to : the mclean mcdonald's--dinnertime . lot of very noisy , happy child . woodward and bernstein sit surround by they usual array of junk food . woodward think sloan 's back ? ( bernstein seem lose in think ) what 's wrong ? bernstein nothing -- I just find out that jeb magruder from creep be a bigger bike freak than I am. ( sip coffee ) I never like it when the other guy 's human ... they continue to sip coffee ; outside it continue to rain . now -- CUT to : a young , slender guy answer he door . woodward and bernstein stand outside , they jacket over they head , protect themselves from the rain which be harder now . woodward Mr. sloan ? sloan ( nod ) my wife tell I to expect you . ( softly ) as you know , I have not talk to the press . bernstein we be hope that maybe now you could . we know why you leave the Committee . we know you be not guilty of anything . but we know you know who be -- it have begin to rain even harder . sloan -- look , come in . we will have to be quiet -- my wife 's asleep . CUT to : a christmas card from the nixon , they be stand in front of the White House Christmas tree . it be sign " to Hugh and Debbie sloan , with thanks , Richard M. Nixon , Patricia Nixon . " pull back and we be in the live room . more coffee be be drunk ; sloan endlessly stir he . sloan I would like to talk to you , I really would , but my lawyer say I should not until after the watergate trial . woodward you hand out the money . maybe there 's a legitimate explanation for the way it be do -- bernstein -- then again , maybe thing be even worse than we have write -- sloan -- they're worse . that 's why I quit . woodward and bernstein wait as sloan be clearly go through a struggle with himself . then -- sloan try and understand this . I be a decent Republican . I believe in Richard Nixon . I work in the White House four year -- so do my wife . what happen on June 17 I do not think the President know anything about . some of he man I be not so sure of . bernstein do you think the truth will come out at the trial ? sloan that 's another of the thing I be not so sure of . bernstein because people at the Committee be tell to lie to the prosecutor ? sloan we be never tell flat out " do not talk . " but the message be clear . bernstein to cover up ? sloan well , they sure do not ask we to come forward and tell the truth . woodward do " they " mean the White House ? sloan as oppose to the Committee ? the Committee 's not a independent operation . everything be clear with the White House . I do not think that the FBI or the prosecutor understand that . woodward the report on the cash in maurice stan ' safe , the three hundred fifty thousand , that 's true ? sloan no . it be closer to seven hundred thousand . woodward and as treasurer , you could release that fund ? sloan ( nod ) when so order . woodward we be not sure we have get all the guy who could order you , but we know there be five . ( sloan be silent ) bernstein ( tick they off ) Mitchell , stan , magruder , they be obvious -- sloan stir he coffee . woodward -- there have to be a White House overseer -- bernstein -- colson . sloan colson 's too smart to get directly involved with something like that . woodward ( to bernstein ) haldeman . ( to sloan ) right ? sloan I will not talk about the other two . bernstein but they both work at the White House ? sloan ( softly ) I will not talk about the other two . bernstein ( out of the blue ) kalmbach -- Nixon 's personal lawyer . sloan be shocked at the mention of kalmbach . sloan I can not say anything , I be sorry . ( he start to rise ) woodward one thing I be not completely clear on -- when you give out the money to liddy , how do that work ? sloan badly . ( and now for the first time , he almost smile ) you do not realize how close all this come to stay undiscovered -- I give liddy the dahlberg check and he give it to barker who take it to Miami and deposit it . bernstein right . sloan then barker withdraw the 25 thousand in hundred dollar bill and give it back to liddy who give it back to I and I put it in the office safe which be cramme . woodward go on . sloan well , when liddy come and ask for money for what turn out to be the break - in fund , I go to the safe and give he -- out of this whole fortune -- I happen to give he the same hundred he give I -- bank have to keep track of hundred . if the money have be in fifty , or if I would grab a different stack , there probably would not have be any watergate story . bernstein ordinarily , though , what be the procedure ? sloan routine -- I would just call John Mitchell over at the justice Department and he would say " go ahead , give out the money . " woodward and bernstein just look at each other -- they have not know it , not remotely . sloan stand and as they head for the door -- CUT to : the three of they head across the foyer . bernstein what happen when the baby come ? sloan we be move . ( beat ) I have be look for a job but it 's be ... hard . my name 's be in the papers too much . sometimes I wonder if reporter understand how much pain they can inflict in just one sentence . I be not think of myself . but my wife , my parent , it 's be very rough on they . CUT to : bernstein and woodward look very uncomfortable as sloan go on . sloan I wish I could put down on paper what it 's like -- you come to Washington because you believe in something , and then you get inside and you see how thing actually work and you watch you ideal disintegrate . ( beat ) the people inside , the people in the White House , they start to believe they can suspend the rule because they be fulfil a mission . that become the only important thing -- the mission . it 's so easy to lose perspective . we want to get out before we lose ours altogether . sloan open the front door . woodward and bernstein pause , nod , almost a embarrassed pause . then as they hurry out into the rain -- CUT to : a nerfball fly toward a basket cup to a picture window . when we pull back we be in bradlee 's office , simon and rosenfeld be also there , along with woodward and bernstein . bradlee play nerfball mostly ; he have not get the world 's longest attention span . bernstein look --five man control that slush fund as creep -- three of they we have get , Mitchell , stan , magruder , and we be pretty sure of kalmbach . woodward we would like to wait till we have all five before we print it . bradlee this be a daily paper , we will explain it tomorrow . ( look at they ) you be certain on Mitchell ? woodward he approve the payment to liddy while he be still Attorney General -- and all this now go fast -- rosenfeld -- you get more than one source ? -- bernstein -- yes -- simon -- have any of they get a ax ? -- rosenfeld -- political , personal , sexual , anything at all against Mitchell ? -- woodward -- no -- simon -- can we use they name ? -- bernstein --no-- bradlee -- goddamnit , when 's somebody gonna go on the record on this story -- rosenfeld -- who you get ? -- woodward -- well , sloan -- bernstein -- and we get a guy in justice -- bradlee -- deep Throat ? -- woodward -- I see he . he verify . bradlee ok . ( now after the burst of talk , a pause ) you be about to write a story that say that the former Attorney General -- the man who represent law in America - - be a crook . ( throw the nerfball ) just be right , huh ? as woodward and bernstein leave the office -- bradlee leave plenty of room for he denial . CUT to : bernstein at he desk on the phone . he have some papers in front of he a a notepad and pencil in he free hand . he be tired and very , very nervous . it be dark outside . in what follow , bernstein take note . operator' voice ( v.o. ) Essex House , can I help you ? bernstein John Mitchell , please . there be a buz SOUND . then -- JOHN mitchell's voice ( v.o. ) yes ? bernstein Sir , this be Carl bernstein of the Washington Post , and I be sorry to bother you but we be run a story in tomorrow 's paper that we think you should have a chance to comment on . mitchell ( v.o. ) what do it say ? bernstein ( start to read ) John n. Mitchell , while serve as US Attorney General , personally control a secret cash fund that -- mitchell ( v.o. ) -- jeeeeeeesus -- bernstein -- fund that be use to gather information against the Democrats -- mitchell ( v.o. ) -- jeeeeeeesus -- bernstein -- accord to source involved in the watergate investigation . beginning in the spring of 1971 -- mitchell ( v.o. ) -- jeeeeeeesus -- bernstein -- almost a year before he leave the justice Department -- mitchell ( v.o. ) -- jeeeeeeeeesus -- bernstein -- to become President Nixon 's campaign manager on March 1 , Mitchell personally approve withdrawals from the fund -- mitchell ( v.o. ) -- all that crap , you be put it in the paper ? it 's all be deny . you tell you publisher - - tell Katie Graham she 's gonna get she tit catch in a big fat wringer if that 's publish . good Christ ! that 's the most sicken thing I ever hear . bernstein Sir , I would like to ask you a few -- mitchell ( v.o. ) -- what time be it ? bernstein 11:30 . mitchell ( v.o. ) Morning or night ? bernstein night . mitchell ( v.o. ) oh. and he hang up . CUT to : bradlee and bernstein at bernstein 's desk . bradlee be go over bernstein 's note . bradlee he really make that remark about Mrs. Graham ? ( bernstein nod ) this be a family newspaper -- cut the word " she tit " and run it . and now suddenly -- the presses of the post roll the story . they be modern and gigantic and CUT to : woodward and bernstein . they're in the lobby of the Post at night and through a thick - pane of glass they be watch they story roll and on they face be something you do not expect to see : panic . bradlee come up behind they , look down at the press , start to talk . bradlee once when I be report , lyndon Johnson 's top guy give I the word they be look for a successor to J. Edgar Hoover . I write it and the day it appear Johnson call a press conference and appoint Hoover head of the FBI for life ... and when he be do , he turn to he top guy and the President say , " call Ben bradlee and tell he fuck you . " ( shake he head ) I take a lot of static for that -- everyone say , " you do it , bradlee , you screw up -- you stick we with Hoover forever - - " ( look at woodward and bernstein ) -- I screw up but I be not wrong . they all watch the press now . bradlee you guy have not be wrong yet , be that why you be scared shitless ? ( as woodward and bernstein nod , bradlee start away ) you should be ... CUT to : the presses continue to roll . the SOUND be incredible . now -- CUT to : a teletype machine clack away like crazy . we can read the word , " the Senator finish by say that although he be ... " and from there -- dissolve to : a senator and while the word " although he be " be still very fresh in we mind -- senator although I be a Republican , I would like to state in a pure bipartisan spirit that I feel only sadness that a once fine journal of record like the Post would have become merely the hysterical spokesman for the equally hysterical leave wing of the Democratic Party -- the SOUND of the teletype do not stop in this little part and we see three people and it 's very important that they voice be immediately recognizable and distinct . one , the senator be from the West and will have that twang . the next two whom we be about to meet be public relation people from creep and the white house . the creep voice be very southern , the white house guy sound like a NBC announcer . the western senator will be see in a corridor of the Senate office building , talk to reporter , the creep p.r. southerner will be talk to reporter in front of the creep office door and so identify . the white house spokesman will be stand on a platform with a flag visible off to one side . as the teletype go on -- CUT to : the southern creep p.r. man creep p.r. man ( in mid-sentence ) -- hearsay , innuendo , and character assassination . I can only conclude that the so-called source of the Washington Post be a fountain of misinformation -- CUT to : the white house spokesman white house spokesman -- the White House have long since stop be surprised at this type of report by certain element of the Eastern liberal press -- CUT to : bradlee's office a lot of activity . bradlee be at he desk read the teletype dispatch . simon and rosenfeld be there , woodward and bernstein , too . a kid come in with more teletype stuff . the editor look at it . simon ( read ) same kind of crap -- bradlee ( glance through ; nod ) -- all non-denial denial -- we're dirty guy and they doubt we be ever virgin but they do not say the story be inaccurate . bernstein what 's a real denial ? bradlee if they ever start call we goddamn liar -- ( little pause ) -- it 's time to start circle the wagon . CUT to : the union guy in the post look at a new headline : nixon election aide concealed fact from government probers first union guy you think they know what they be do on the fifth floor ? second union guy I get eight kid to support -- they better . they start for the sport section , only this time , they stop , go back , stare at the headline again . from they watch -- CUT to : simon walk woodward to the elevator . woodward what do you think Mrs. Graham want to see I for ? simon maybe to fire you -- since you two start on this story , the Post stock have drop , what , 50 percent ? ( woodward push for the elevator ) and the word be some Nixon people be challenging she tv license . I be not say she 's go on relief , but I do not think it 's unreasonable for she to want to meet you . woodward you think she want we to ease up on the story ? simon ( shrug ) I do not know , but I do not think that 's unreasonable either , do you ? the elevator open . woodward shake he head " no " and step inside as we CUT to : mrs . graham in she office as a secretary let woodward in . he 's nervous . she 's stand by the window , he cross to she . mrs . graham I be so glad you could come , mr.-- woodward -- I be woodward . she nod . there 's a pause . he wait . she 's try to say something , get something start , but it 's difficult . silence . she stare out again , quietly start to talk . mrs . graham you know , the paper be my father 's and my husband 's when they be alive and I be think back a year or two ago when Ben call I and say he want to publish the Pentagon paper the next day . the Times have already be stop from publishing anymore of they and all my legal counsel say " do not , do not " and I be frighten but I know if I say no , I would lose the whole fifth floor . so we publish , and that night , after I would tell Ben to go ahead , I wake up in the darkness and I think , " oh my Lord , what be I do to this newspaper ? " ( she look at woodward ) I wake up again last night with that same question . ( woodward say nothing , wait ) be we right on this story ? woodward I think so . mrs . graham be you sure ? woodward no . mrs . graham when will you be , do you think ? -- when be we go to know it all ? woodward it may never come out . mrs . graham never ? please do not tell I never . ( beat ) Ben say you have find some wonderful source . woodward some justice Department lawyer and a FBI man , and some people from the Committee to re-elect , yes mar 'am . mrs . graham and the underground garage one . ( woodward , more nervous now , nod ) would I know he ? woodward I could not say . mrs . graham but it 's possible . woodward ( throat very dry ) it be . mrs . graham you have never tell anyone who he be ? ( woodward shake he head ) but you would have to tell I if I ask you . ( woodward nod ) tell I . woodward ( he be die ) I would , if you really ever want to know . mrs . graham I really want to know . CUT to : woodward catch between a rock and a hard place . he be silent until there be the SOUND of light laughter and we -- CUT to : mrs . graham . the laughter come from she . mrs . graham I be not serious . I have plenty of burden to carry around , I do not need another . woodward try not to exhale too audibly . mrs . graham we be go to need lot of good luck , be not we ? woodward nobody ever have too much . CUT to : close up --mr . graham as abruptly she reach out , touch woodward on the arm . mrs . graham do better . woodward make a nod . hold . then -- CUT to : bradlee in a state of anger , pace around the tiny teletype room . woodward hurry in . woodward what ? bradlee say nothing , just point to the ap teletype . woodward look at it , clearly be upset . bradlee I think you guy be suppose to be work on this story -- ( to bernstein who tear in --) -- you think I like be ace out ? bernstein -- what ? -- woodward -- the L.A. Times have a huge interview with baldwin - - bernstein -- the lookout in the motor Inn ? -- ( woodward nod ) -- he say anything we do not know ? -- woodward ( headshake ) -- just that a lot of report be send to creep , but he do not name who , not here anyway -- bradlee -- it would have be nice to have have this , I sure would have like to have have this -- bernstein -- there 's nothing new in it -- bradlee -- it make the break - in real -- it 's a major goddamn story -- ( start out ) -- I be not go to kick ass over this , but I would like you to know I hate get beat , I just hate it -- do not forget that I hate it -- and he stalk out . woodward and bernstein stand stare at the teletype which keep on clack and clack as the L.A. Times story keep get longer . bernstein goddamnit -- woodward -- shit -- bernstein -- we gotta top the Times -- woodward -- I know , I know -- bernstein -- if we could name the guy get the report , we would be ahead again -- woodward -- shit , who do we know ? -- bernstein -- I know a lawyer at justice -- woodward -- have he get a ax ? -- bernstein -- almost every source we have use have be Republican , this guy 's a card - carry Democrat . woodward then he 's get a ax . ( beat ) call he anyway . as bernstein nod , take off out of the room -- CUT to : the union guy study the front page , on which one headline indicate that they be name the guy at creep who get the report . first union guy who be this woodstein ? ( point to paper ) two storey on the front page . second union guy if he can not pick a winner at pimlico , to hell with he . CUT to : a hot shoppe . woodward be stir he morning coffee as bernstein come in , spot he , hurry over . bernstein be maybe more excited then we have yet see he . bernstein -- I want you to shut up and listen to I -- woodward -- I have not say anything -- bernstein -- for the first time I be beginning to feel like a fuck reporter -- woodward , I get a tip . a guy call I up with a tip -- ( carefully ) -- someone name Donald segretti contact a bunch of lawyer and ask they if they would like to go to work with he screwing up the Democrats , dirty trick , shit like that . the FBI know about segretti -- Howard hunt make a bunch of phone call to he -- they interrogate he , but on account of segretti be not involved with the break - in , they do not follow through . but segretti do a lot of travel - - he call this lawyer from different place , and he tell they the Republicans know what he be do . woodward how high up , which Republicans ? bernstein that 's what we have get to find out , but segretti go to Southern Cal . and so do a bunch of Nixon man -- woodward -- haldeman I know , who else ? bernstein dwight chapin , Nixon 's appointment chief - - he know segretti in school . maybe I be crazy , but this be the first time any of this start to make sense . what be the three theory ? woodward the burglary be do by cuban or Democrats or Republicans . bernstein now the reason no one believe the Republicans be because there be not any reason , they be so far ahead . but segretti be talk to this other lawyer a year before the break - in . woodward so maybe watergate be not really about watergate - - maybe that be just a piece -- bernstein -- because a year before , the Republicans be not ahead , not in the poll , muskie be run ahead of Nixon then . before he self - destruct . woodward if he self - destruct . now , from the two of they -- CUT to : a maze of credit card receipt in various pile . there be the SOUND of bad guitar music , which as we pull back we see be bernstein play . we be in he apartment , it 's night , and the two of they , bleary , be study the maze of receipt . woodward segretti criss -cross the country over ten time in six month -- and never stay anyplace over a night or two . ( glance up ) switch to another station , huh ? you be drive I crazy with that . bernstein segovia begge I for I secret but I say , " no , Andres , you will have to try and make it without I . " he switch to another song which sound a lot like the one he just finish play . woodward ( point to the thickest stack ) California , Illinois , Florida , New Hampshire - - all the major Democratic primary state . ( whirling ) why do everything you play sound the same ? bernstein --' cause I only know four chord -- CUT to : the credit card . the camera move across the travel of Donald segretti . there be the SOUND of bernstein 's guitar . hold for a moment , then -- CUT to : tiny , baby - face man stand in he doorway . bernstein ( v.o. ) Donald segretti ? segretti that 's right . CUT to : bernstein --outside the apartment door . we be , it will soon be clear , in California now , marina Del rey . bernstein I be Carl bernstein . ( segretti nod ) my paper send I out to see if I could not persuade you to go on the record . segretti you can not . bernstein mind if I try ? segretti shrug , and as they enter he apartment -- CUT to : inside . they walk across to a small terrace outside , where they sit . the terrace have a glorious view of the water and lot of girl in bathing costume , below . bernstein accord to what we have be able to verify , you have be busy . segretti I have get a lot of energy . bernstein listen -- we know you be involved in this -- we be go to get the story , why not help ? segretti they never tell I anything except my own role -- I have to find out the rest in the papers . bernstein by " they " you mean ...? he wait ; segretti just shake he head . bernstein by " they " you mean the White House , do not you ? ( segretti make no reply ) you buddy from usc , dwight chapin - - he work for the White House . segretti I know where dwight work . bernstein when do he hire you ? segretti shake he head , stare out at the girl . bernstein do you feel much about the thing you do ? segretti I do not do anything wrong . bernstein tell that to muskie . segretti oh , maybe nickel and dime stuff . bernstein during the Florida primary , you write a letter on muskie stationery say scoop Jackson have a bastard child . you write another that say hubert humphrey be out with call girl . segretti sometimes it get up to a quarter maybe -- ( to bernstein ) -- off the record . bernstein you write the canuck letter -- the one where you claim muskie slur the Canadian . segretti I do not . bernstein but you know who do . segretti when you guy print it in the paper , then I will know . ( close he eye ) I be a lawyer , and I will probably go to jail , and be disbarre , and what do I do that be so awful ? bernstein say nothing , wait . segretti none of it be my idea , Carl -- I do not go look for the job . bernstein chapin do contact you then ? segretti sure -- off the record . bernstein on the order of haldeman ? segretti I do not know anything about haldeman , except , dwight 's frighten of he -- everybody 's frighten of he -- Christ , I wish I would never get mess around with this -- all I wanna do be sit in the sun ; sit , swim , see some girl . bernstein it get interesting if it be haldeman , because we word be that when chapin say something , he 's get the ok from haldeman , and when haldeman say something , he 's get the ok from the President . segretti can not help you . bernstein at usc , you have a word the this -- screwing up the opposition you all do it at college and call it ratfuck . ( segretti half -smile , nod ) ever wonder if Nixon might turn out to be the biggest ratfucker of they all ? CUT to : close up --segretti stare at the girl and the blue water . segretti what would you have do if you be just get out of the Army , if you would be away from the real world for four year , if you be not sure what kind of law you want to practice , and then one day you get a call from a old friend ask you to go to work for the President of the United States ...? hold on the question , then -- CUT to : woodward and bernstein back in D.C. , walk through the airport . bernstein what would you have do ? woodward you ask would I have be one of the President 's man ? ( beat ) I would have be . as they continue on -- CUT to : woodward alone in the underground garage . tense , jumpy . he look at he watch , pace around . it 's all eerie as hell . then , from the ramp , footstep . CUT to : deep throat move out of the shadow , smoking , as always . deep throat my turn to keep you wait . ( approach ) what 's the topic for tonight ? woodward ratfuck . deep throat in my day , it be simply call the double cross . I believe the CIA refer to it as mindfuck . in we context , it simply mean infiltration of the Democrats . woodward I know what it mean -- segretti would not go on the record , but if he would , we know he would implicate chapin . and that would put we inside the White House . deep throat ( nod ) yes , the little ratfucker be now run we government . woodward who ? -- be specific . how high up ? deep throat you will have to find that out , will not you . woodward the slush fund at creep finance the ratfuck , we have almost get that nail down , so -- he stop as suddenly deep throat dive down behind the nearest car . woodward drop beside he . woodward what ? deep throat do you change cab ? ( as woodward nod ) it do not work , something move there -- and as he point CUT to : the shadow by the ramp . you can not see a goddamn thing . but there be the SOUND , faint but distinct , of breathe . CUT to : woodward stand , stare into the darkness . he be scared , wipe he mouth . he do not move for a moment . then he walk directly into the darkness and as he 's go -- zoom to : a horrid face in close up , red eye , unshaven , beat - - there be half - form scab and cut . he be lean against a wall , shiver . he look , for all the world , like a perpetual drunk . CUT to : woodward in the shadow , come closer . CUT to : the drunk . he blink slowly , tongue lolling outside he mouth . he watch woodward approach . CUT to : woodward come still closer . CUT to : the drunk . he blink very slowly now . maybe he be not even certain woodward 's there . CUT to : woodward stop in front of the drunk . they look at each other for a long time . then : woodward who be you ? CUT to : the drunk . nothing , no reaction . CUT to : woodward study the other man . CUT to : the drunk . and he blink again , then slowly , shiver , begin slide down the wall . woodward reach for he , hold he up . CUT to : woodward manage to get out he wallet , take out some bill . he start up the ramp with the drunk , and as they disappear up the ramp out of sight , he give the drunk the money . woodward here. ( softly ) forget you trouble and just be happy . CUT to : deep throat pace and smoking . he be visibly upset ; scared maybe . he glance over as woodward come back down the ramp alone . deep throat ( self -mock ) I hope you notice how coolly I behave under the threat of discovery . woodward ( impatiently ) do justice and the FBI know what we know , and why the hell have not they do anything about it ? deep throat they know , but they focus on the burglary -- if it do not deal with the break - in , they do not pursue it . woodward why do not they ? -- who tell they not to ? deep throat someone with authority I would imagine , would not you ? ( cough ) do not you know what you be onto ? come on . woodward Mitchell know then . deep throat of course - - my God , you think something this big just happen ? the break - in and the cover up , of course Mitchell know , but no more than ehrlichman . woodward haldeman too ? deep throat you get nothing from I about haldeman ? and from this tone , you know haldeman scare he . woodward why do they do all this for chrissake ? -- what be they after ? deep throat total manipulation . I suppose you could say they want to subvert the constitution , but they do not think along philosophical line . woodward talk about segretti-- deep throat -- do not concentrate on segretti or you will miss the overall scheme too . woodward there be more then . deep throat follow every lead -- every lead go somewhere -- woodward -- the canuck letter - - be that a White House operation -- deep throat ( nod , bigger ) -- do not you miss the grand scheme too . woodward how grand ? deep throat nationwide - - my God , they be frighten of muskie and look who get destroy -- they want to run against mcgovern , and look who they be run against . they bugge , they follow people , false press leak , fake letter , they cancel Democratic campaign rally , they investigate Democratic private life , they plant spy , steal document , on and on -- do not tell I you think this be all the work of little Don segretti . woodward and justice and FBI know all this ? deep throat yes , yes , everything . there be over fifty people employ by the White House and creep to ratfuck -- some of what they do be beyond belief . woodward ( stunne ) fifty ratfucker direct by the White House to destroy the Democrats ? CUT to : deep throat deep throat I be be cautious . ( inhale ) you can safely say more then fifty ... silence in the garage . hold ... then -- CUT to : the fifth floor of the post and it 's noisy . not as noisy as it 's go to get , but there be more tension around just now than there have be previously . CUT to : a attractive woman in her mid -30s . on she desk be she name , marilyn berger . she be watch bernstein who be stand by the water cooler nearby . as she get up -- CUT to : bernstein drink water . berger do you guy know about the canuck letter ? bernstein ( nod , drink ) um-hmm . ( stop , look at she ) why ? berger I just want to be sure you know who write it . as she speak -- CUT to : woodward work at he desk , suddenly look up as a scream come from the direction of the water cooler and as everyone turn to see , here come bernstein drag berger over to woodward 's desk . bernstein ( hysterical ) tell he what you just tell I . berger just than Ken clawsen -- he use to be a reporter here before he go to work for Nixon -- I have he over for a drink a few week ago and he tell I he write the canuck letter . ( she look from one of they to the other ) you do want to know , do not you ? and now from she -- CUT to : woodward and bernstein in a corner of the room , talk low and fast . bernstein you think we be be set up ? -- Christ , deep Throat tell you last night that the letter come from inside the White House and up traipse Marilyn name name . woodward it make a crazy kind of sense -- remember that initiation rite they have at the White House ? each new member of the President 's staff have to prove he gut by get a enemy of Nixon . bernstein you think this be clawsen 's initiation ? woodward could have win he a fraternity paddle with a White House seal . ( beat ) God know it work . CUT to : a frozen shot of muskie in the snow in tear , stand on the flat - bed truck . this be in the New Hampshire primary , just after the canuck letter be publish . woodward ( v.o. ) you claim it be all a misunderstanding , Ken ? clawsen ( v.o. ) absolutely -- Marilyn 's get it totally wrong -- CUT to : woodward on the phone woodward she 's a awfully good reporter -- I can not remember she get too much wrong before , can you ? clawsen ( v.o. ) that 's a bullshit question , that 's a question straight out of wichita , Kansas . woodward sorry , Ken ; listen , one last thing : where do you talk with berger happen ? clawsen ( v.o. ) where ? ( beat ) what do you mean , where ? woodward well , be it in a bar , she apartment , some restaurant -- clawsen ( v.o . ) -- I have completely forget where it be , except I know it be not she apartment . there be a sound of he hang up the phone . hard . woodward hang up quietly , rub he eye , call out to berger who be at she desk -- woodward non denial - denial , Marilyn -- berger be about to answer when she phone ring . she pick it up , turn to woodward , mouth " it 's he " and we CUT to : berger on the phone . again clawsen on the other end . clawsen ( v.o. ) for chissake , do not tell they I come to you place . berger I already tell they . clawsen ( v.o. ) oh , that 's terrific , that 's just so terrific , I be thrilled you do that . berger I have a clear conscience . clawsen ( v.o. ) Marilyn , I have a wife and a family and a cat and a dog . now from this -- bradlee in he office gesture and we CUT to : woodward and bernstein head toward the office . as they enter -- bradlee I get clawsen on hold -- woodward --his dial finger must be fall off -- bradlee -- what do you think ? -- woodward -- he go to she apartment and he tell she -- bernstein -- if he do it or just say he do it , God know . bradlee I could care less about where it happen ; what happen be what count . ( call out to he secretary ) put he on . ( pick up the phone ) Ken , I be sorry , it be goddamn Beirut and they be have a crisis , what 's up , kid ? ( pause ) slow down , Ken , you sound frazzle . ( pause ) a wife and a family and a cat and a dog , right , ken. ( pause ) Ken , I would never print that you be in Marilyn 's apartment at night -- unless , of course , you force I to . CUT to : close up --bradlee . he be genuinely enjoy himself . now , he put he hand over the receiver -- bradlee it 's like they teach we at Harvard : few thing be as gratify to the soul as have another man 's nut in a vise ... now , as he go back to talk -- CUT to : a big headline in the post reading : nixon aide sabotaged democrat . now we hold on that headline as the three denier be visible through it in the same place they speak before . white house spokesman the story be base entirely on hearsay and -- creep p.r. man -- we at the Committee be continually amaze at the creativity show by the Washington Post -- western senator -- although I be a Republican , I would like to state in a pure bipartisan spirit that I be happy that this latest onslaught against the intelligence of the american people will be wrapping fish tomorrow . I offer my condolence to the fish ... and now , the headline fade as we CUT to : simon in rosenfeld office woodward and bernstein hurry in . rosenfeld speak . bernstein we have just be talk to Young -- simon -- which Young ? woodward Larry Young , a California lawyer -- bernstein -- he be go to go into law practice with segretti . rosenfeld and ? -- woodward -- and he say chapin hire segretti-- simon -- well and good , but when will he say it on the record . woodward he just do . bernstein he will give we a swear statement . woodward we be inside the White House now . rosenfeld and simon just look at each other . they should be happy , and maybe they be . but at the moment more then anything else they look scared ... hold . then -- the montpelier room of the madison HOTEL . it 's a very fancy restaurant and bradlee be at a corner table as woodward and bernstein sit down . they be exhaust . bradlee look , I want to talk because thing be get really hairy and there 's a couple of thing we have get to be careful of because -- a waiter be nearby . bradlee -- either of you want a drink or should I order ? -- ( they do not ) -- because -- and suddenly he lapse into perfect french with the waiter , order lunch ann salad and as the waiter nod and go bradlee -- because we cock be on the chopping block and you have get to be sure that you be not just deal with people who hate Richard Nixon and want to get he through we . you see , I do not give a shit who 's President -- I really do not , it 's a adversary situation between they and we and it 's always gonna be . I never have a closer friend than Jack Kennedy and once I print something that piss he off and for seven month I do not exist . a wine steward appear , hand bradlee the list . as he examine it , a man walk up to the table , stand there ... man you none of you know who I be , do you ? ( they do not ) you screw I up good , you do not even know what I look like . bradlee ok , you have have you preamble ; who the hell be you ? man Glenn sedam -- you write about I last week , you say I be one of the guy at the Committee who be send report . you be wrong . bernstein baldwin tell the FBI it be you . sedam baldwin tell the FBI it be someone whose first name sound like a last name . they show he a list and he pick I but it be not I , it be Gordon liddy . ( look at the reporter ) my phone have not stop ringing , my wife 's hysterical , my kid think I be mix up with the burglary , my friend do not like I around all of a sudden . CUT to : close up --sedam sedam you fuck around my life , you two . ( start off ) I just want to say thanks . bradlee watch woodward and bernstein , who be clearly upset . bradlee that do not sound to I like a non - denial denial ; could you have be wrong ? ( they nod ) you have a good source ? ( nod ) do he have a ax ? ( pause . then another nod ) close up --bradlee bradlee all right , you make a mistake maybe , we all have , just do not make another . and watch you personal life , who you hang around with . someone once say the price of democracy be a bloodlett every ten year . ( beat ) make sure it be not we blood ... now from bradlee -- CUT to : hugh sloan hold a broom and dustpan at he front door . sloan I really can not talk now -- bernstein -- this will only take one second -- sloan -- my wife just have the baby , my in - law be arrive , I be try to get the house in some kind of shape . woodward a boy or a girl ? sloan a girl . Melissa . CUT to : inside the house . woodward and bernstein be help sloan with the housework . woodward have a dust mop , bernstein a dust cloth . we be mostly in the live room throughout , and also throughout , the three guy beaver away tidy . woodward ( hold up a cup ) where do this go ? sloan point to a shelf . woodward move to put the cup in its proper place . woodward -- that cash fund that finance the sabotage of the Democrats -- five guy have control -- bernstein ( tick they off ) -- Mitchell , stan , magruder , kalmbach -- woodward -- we're work on the last guy now and we be go all the way -- that fifth man be haldeman . sloan -- I be not you source on that -- bernstein -- it 's gotta be haldeman - - someone from the White House have to be involved -- woodward -- and it be not ehrlichman or colson or the President . sloan no , none of that . bernstein -- that leave haldeman , period . sloan I be not you source on that . he pick up a dust pan , start sweeping it full . woodward ( take the dust pan , help out ) -- look , when the watergate grand jury question you , do you name name ? sloan of course - - everything they ask -- bernstein -- if we write a story that say haldeman control the fund ? -- sloan -- let I put it this way : I would have no problem if you do . woodward and bernstein look at each other while sloan empty the dust pan into the trash and from there , quickly -- CUT to : a long long long shot of a couple walk in the park . we can not really make they out clearly , we never do in this little sequence . but the guy be wear a windbreaker and have a crew cut and the woman with he be dress casually too . he have he arm around she , and they be deep in conversation . woodward voice ( v.o. ) hey ? pull back to reveal woodward and bernstein sit on a park bench swilling down a six - pack . woodward I think that 's he . bernstein who ? woodward haldeman . CUT to : the couple walk along . we just can not quite make they out . but it might be . CUT to : woodward and bernstein stare after the couple , try to focus . bernstein nah. ( squint hard ) maybe . woodward what if I go up and introduce myself -- think he would slug I ? bernstein well , we be try to ruin he life . woodward it 's nothing personal , though . ( look troubled ) bernstein what 's the matter ? woodward same as magruder , I do not like it when they turn out to be human . bernstein ( nod ) I wish we be investigate attila the hun . woodward maybe we be ... CUT to : the slow - walking couple . they continue on . we still do not see they quite clearly . hold ... then -- CUT to : a pudgy little man half -hidden behind a magazine . pull back to reveal a drugstore -type place . woodward and bernstein be at the adjoin table . pudgy man -- goddamnit , I be not gonna say it again -- you get nothing about haldeman outta I -- woodward -- we do not need it now , because tomorrow 's story be about the FBI -- bernstein -- about how all you suppose expert really blow the whole investigation -- FBI guy ( stung ) -- we do not miss so much -- woodward -- you never know haldeman have control of the slush fund -- FBI guy -- it 's all in we file -- bernstein -- not about haldeman -- FBI guy -- yeah , haldeman , John haldeman . and he get up quickly , go . woodward and bernstein savor the moment but only briefly as it hit they -- bernstein -- Jesus -- woodward -- he say John haldeman , not Bob haldeman -- and as they take off after the agent -- CUT to : bradlee's office . woodward , bernstein , bradlee , simon , rosenfeld . Wild tension . the editor have a long story and they all read and pace , read and pace ; the reporter look traumatize with fatigue . all this go fast . bradlee ( stare at the type story ) -- I do not know , I do not know , it feel thin -- simon -- Christ , I wish I know if we should print this -- rosenfeld -- listen , we do not make they do this thing -- once they do , it 's we job to report it -- simon ( to the reporter ) -- go over you source again -- woodward -- sloan tell the Grand jury -- he answer everything they ask he -- that mean there 's a record somewhere -- bernstein -- and the FBI confirm -- what more do you need ? -- rosenfeld ( whirling to bernstein ) -- listen , I love this country , you think I want to bring it down ? -- I be not some goddamn zany , I be a hawk -- simon -- Harry , be not you just argue the opposite way ? -- rosenfeld -- maybe I be tense -- bradlee -- well shit , we oughtta be tense - - we be about to accuse Mr. haldeman who only happen to be the second most important man in America of conduct a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House -- ( beat ) -- it would be nice if we be right -- simon ( to the reporter ) -- you double - check both source ? -- they nod . bradlee -- bernstein , be you sure on this story ? bernstein absolutely -- bradlee ( to woodward ) -- what about you ?-- woodward -- I be sure -- bradlee -- I be not sure , it still feel thin -- ( look at simon ) simon ( to woodward and bernstein , after a puse ) -- get another source . now quickly CUT to : woodward and bernstein huddle outside bradlee 's office . bernstein how many fuck source they think we get ? -- woodward -- deep Throat will not confirm -- I never think he be scared of anyone , but he 's scared of haldeman . bernstein I know a guy in the justice Department who be around the Grand jury . ( look at woodward ) woodward -- we get twenty minute to deadline -- and as he speak CUT to : bernstein talk softly from a relatively private phone in the newsroom . the voice of the lawyer be also whisper and scared to death . lawyer' voice ( o.s. ) ( barely audible ) ... you should not ever call I like this , Carl ... bernstein will you confirm that haldeman be mention by sloan to the Grand jury ? lawyer' voice ( o.s. ) ... I will not say anything about haldeman ... not ever ... bernstein ( desperate ) all right -- listen - - it 's against the law if you talk about the Grand jury , right ? but you do not have to say a thing -- I will count to ten - - if the story 's wrong , hang up before I get there -- if it 's ok stay on the line till after , get it ? lawyer ( o.s. ) hang up , right ? bernstein right , right -- ok , count : one , two -- ( he inhale deeply ) -- three , four , five , six -- ( now he 's start to get excited ) -- seven , eight -- ( inhale deeply ) -- nine , ten , thank you . lawyer ( o.s. ) you have get it straight now ? everything ok ? bernstein ( on a note of triumph ) yeah ! and on that shout CUT to : a headline in the post --a photo visible of haldeman : " testimony tie top nixon aide to secret fund " CUT to : the white house spokesman white house spokesman on the record let I say just this : the story be totally untrue . on background , I would like to add that Bob haldeman be one of the great public servant this country have ever have and the story be a goddamn lie . now fast zoom to : bradlee roaring out of he office doorway . bradlee woodstein ! CUT to : woodward and bernstein tear into bradlee 's office - - he stand scowling at the tv set in a corner of the room -- outside , it be raining like hell . CUT to : the tv set . sloan be walk along toward a large office building , he be flanke by a lawyer . a tv reporter ( it be daniel schorr ) be walk alongside , mike in hand . schorr Mr. sloan , would you care to comment on you testimony before the Grand jury . sloan my lawyer say -- sloan' lawyer -- the answer be a unequivocal no . Mr. sloan do not implicate Mr. haldeman in that testimony at all . CUT to : woodward and bernstein . they look sick . desperate , tired , stunne , confuse ; there be nothing to say . CUT to : bradlee glaring at they . hold on bradlee ... then CUT to : the federal bureau of investigation in the rain , and CUT to : a corridor in the build as the pudgy FBI man retreat down the hall . woodward and bernstein , soak , chase after he . FBI man -- I will deny everything -- everything -- I never talk to you about haldeman -- I never talk to you about anything -- I be not talk to you now -- bernstein -- what go wrong ? -- woodward -- for chrissake just tell that -- pudgy FBI man -- fuck you fuck you fuck you -- and he tear into a office , slam the door and as we hear it lock -- CUT to : this be where the source burning scene would come but I am not writing it for this version . my reason be as follow : ( 1 ) it be a complicated long scene to put down ; ( 2 ) we be terribly late in we story ; ( 3 ) it would mean , here , two hour into the movie , we be bring in a entirely new character ; the FBI agent 's head to whom they go , and I think that be unnecessary and confusing ; and ( 4 ) most important , I think the character have be abuse enough in this version - - we have add the sedam scene and they be berate more in this version by the creep people before thing turn . ( 5 ) finally , all this can show in reality be that they be desperate , and I would rather let the actor give that to we . I feel that it would be a genuine error at this time in the flick to go into the convolution of how it 's bad manners for a reporter to burn a source , if we have get anything go by this point , I can not conceive of much a audience will be less interested in than the reporter misbehave . however , if the scene be request next time through , I shall be only too happy to oblige . what I would like to do be cut from the FBI say " fuck you fuck you fuck you " and lock he door to the follow : woodward and bernstein walk in the rain . it 's pour as they leave FBI headquarters and they be in anguish . bernstein ( after a while ) woodward ? woodward hmm ? bernstein what be the mistake ? do you think it 's be rig , all along the way , lead we on so they could slip it to we when it matter ? they could not have set we up better ; after all this month we credibility 's go , you know what that mean ? woodward ( nod ) only everything ... they be soak , nearby be a garbage can , they grab papers , hold they over they head , start to walk . now -- camera move up higher to reveal the papers they grab be the Post front page . ( this happen . ) and as they walk , the haldeman story be on they head . hold on the reporter walk miserably through the rain . now -- CUT to : the post . a tremendous pall have settle on the city room . people walk by , glance at woodward and bernstein , who sit almost immobilize at they desk , wet , whipped ; no energy leave . CUT to : bradlee's office . simon sit across from bradlee as rosenfeld enter quietly with a bundle of teletype paper . simon ( indicate the papers ) more denunciation ? rosenfeld ( nod ) one Senator just give a speech slurring we 57 time in 20 minute . bradlee have start type something brief . when rosenfeld 's do , so be he . he hand it to simon . simon what 's this ? bradlee my non - denial denial . rosenfeld we be not printing a retraction ? CUT to : close up --bradlee . he be thoughtful for a while . then , spin around , stare out towards the newsroom : bradlee fuck it , let 's stand by the boy . and he stand , spin out of the room as we CUT to : the flower pot on woodward terrace . the rain have stop . the apartment be dark . it 's late at night . Inside , the phone ring and CUT to : woodward apartment in the dark as he manage to knock the phone off its cradle . woodward hello ? bernstein voice ( o.s. ) what would you find ? woodward Jesus Christ , what time be it ? bernstein you oversleep ? woodward goddamnit ! -- he fumble for the lamp , as it fall with a crash -- CUT to : woodward --moving . Hair wild , clothes half - buttone , he run through the dark Washington street as we CUT to : two well -dress men in the shadow across the street , go in the same direction and CUT to : woodward spot they , pick up the pace and CUT to : the two men move faster too and now CUT to : a bunch of cab . woodward jump into the first and as it roar off CUT to : the two men get into a cab also , roaring off in the same direction and CUT to : woodward cab take a corner fast and as it go on , hold until the second cab take the same corner , faster , and now CUT to : woodward jump out of he cab , fumble into he pocket for change as we CUT to : the two men get out of they cab , pay , and as they cab drive off CUT to : woodward diving back into he cab and in a moment it be roaring again through the night and we CUT to : the two well -dress men stand on the sidewalk , watch as woodward disappear into the night and then suddenly , zoom to : deep throat in close up and mad . deep throat -- you be do so well and then you get stupid , you go too fast -- Christ , what a royal screw up -- pull back to reveal deep throat and woodward in the underground garage . woodward -- I know , I know , the pressure 's off the White House and it 's all back on the Post -- deep throat -- you have do worse than let haldeman slip away , you have get people feel sorry for he -- I do not think that be possible . a conspiracy like this -- the rope have to tighten slowly around everyone 's neck . you build from the outer edge and you go step by step . if you shoot too high and miss , then everybody feel more secure . you have put the investigation back month . woodward we know that -- and if we be wrong , we be resign -- be we wrong ? deep throat you will have to find that out , will not you ? -- CUT to : woodward explode . woodward -- I be tired of you chickenshit game -- I do not want hint , I want what you know ! CUT to : deep throat . he blink for a moment . then he begin to whisper . deep throat it be a haldeman operation -- the whole business -- he run the money , but he be insulate , you will have to find out how -- woodward take a breath , nod . deep throat -- wait -- ( almost a smile ) -- there 's more ... and from he weathered face CUT to : woodward walk up to he apartment house later that night . he see , and then we see , bernstein , asleep at the front door . he come awake as woodward approach . woodward we gotta go see bradlee -- I will fill you in in the car . CUT to : bradlee in he doorway in the middle of the night . it 's a house with a lawn and from somewhere there be the SOUND of dog bark . bradlee you could not have tell I over the phone ? CUT to : woodward and bernstein move up the walk to bradlee . woodward we can not trust the phone , not anymore . deep Throat say so . as woodward beckon for he to move out into the lawn -- bradlee we can not talk inside either ? woodward ( headshake ) Electronic surveillance . CUT to : the three of they moving out onto the lawn . it 's October now . you can see they breath as they speak . bernstein I finally get through to sloan -- it be all a misunderstanding that we have : he would have tell the Grand jury about haldeman , he be ready to , only nobody on the Grand jury ask he the goddamn question . woodward so I guess you could say that we screw up , but we be not wrong . bradlee anything else from Mr. Throat ? woodward Mitchell start the cover - up early , everyone be involved in the cover - up , all the way to the top . the whole U.S. intelligence community be mix in with the covert activity . the extent of it be incredible . ( little pause ) and people 's life be in danger , maybe include ours . CUT to : bradlee . he nod again , start walk the two reporter back toward woodward 's car . bradlee he 's wrong on that last , we be not in the least danger , because nobody give a shit -- what be that Gallup poll result ? half the country 's never even hear the word watergate . CUT to : the red karmann ghia as the three approach . bradlee look , you be both probably a little tired , right ? ( they nod ) you should be , you have be under a lot of pressure . so go home , have a nice hot bath , rest up fifteen minute if you want before you get you ass back in gear -- ( louder now ) -- because we be under a lot of pressure , too , and you put we there -- not that I want it to worry you -- nothing 's riding on you except the first amendment of the constitution plus the freedom of the press plus the reputation of a hundred - year - old paper plus the job of the two thousand people who work there -- ( still building ) -- but none of that count as much as this : you fuck up again , I be gonna lose my temper . ( pause ; softer ) I promise you , you do not want I to lose my temper . ( shooing they off ) move-move - move -- what have you do for I tomorrow ...? and as they get back into the car -- CUT to : the newsroom --early morning and it 's empty pretty much , except at they desk sit woodward and bernstein , type away . they type on and on and as they do , voice be heard , the same voice we have become familiar with , the western senator , the creep p.r. man and the white house spokesman . western senator ( o.s. ) although I be a Republican , I would like to state in a pure bipartisan spirit tht the great political scandal of this campaign be the brazen manner in which , without benefit of clergy , the Washington Post have set up housekeep with the mcgovern campaign ... creep p.r. man for twenty year , the Eastern liberal press have be try to smear Dick Nixon . fortunately , the american public be too smart to be fool by ... white house spokesman I have be inform reliably by John Dean that no one connect with the White House ... western senator ( come in , overlap ) it be only we pathetic Post that deliberately try to infuse the watergate caper with a seriousness far beyond that shenanigan that have be the stock trade of political prankster ever since ... woodward and bernstein work on . and now , as the voice continue condemn , we see they -- all the President 's man - - as they face flash on the screen for a instant -- only this be not fashion portrait we be look at , this be the mug shot of the man take when they go to jail and they flash on , the mug shot and the name and across each the word convicted . there 's virgilio gonzale --convicted , and eugenio martinez , convicted , and frank sturgis , convicted , and bernard barker , convicted , and jame mccord , convicted , and howard hunt , convicted , and gordon liddy , convicted , and donald segretti , convicted , and dwight chapin , convicted , and now the denunciation be louder , shriller , briefer . white house spokesman a insult to the american public -- creep p.r. man -- the deplorable tactic employ by the Washington Post -- western senator -- I have be give access to evidence in possession of the White House and that evidence -- woodward and bernstein type on . they machine be the only SOUND in the enormous room . and now more mug shot appear -- jeb magruder , convicted , egil krogh , convicted , JOHN dean , convicted , JOHN ehrlichman , convicted , charle colson , convicted , herbert kalmbach , convicted , and larue and porter and mitchell and haldeman -- all , all the President 's man -- convicted . now -- the camera start to move toward the pillar , the one that separate the two reporter , and the denunciation be still go on , but not so loud now , not so fierce . western senator well , if I be wrong , I sure the hell be not alone -- creep -- the fact remain that except for watergate , we run one hell of a great campaign ... the camera be almost at the pillar now . bernstein bum a cigarette from a clean lady . woodward kick he typewriter . then they both go back to work . now we be at the pillar . that 's all we see . just that . and all we hear be the two reporter work away , on and on until - - final fade out : the end