k- town super frog screenplay by scott coffey inspire by the short story all god' child can dance by haruki murakami wga registered # 1079491 JANUARY 2006 contact : anonymous content scott.coffey@mac.com 323.252.8529 k- town super frog the SOUND of wind blowing and clanging . slow fade up on : ext . baseball diamond - dusk wide shot : the baseball diamond be surround by a rusty chain - link fence that clang against itself . weed grow on the pitcher 's mound . the dilapidate dugout be tag with layer of graffiti . spray-paint in bright , vivid color be name and image . discard spray-paint can lay under the dilapidate bleacher . another angle on the far side of the diamond be a burnt and rusted car miss its wheel . a strong gust of desert wind clang the chain - link fence louder and whip up a small dust devil that suck up trash . slow dissolve to : extreme close up on : a upsidedow eye . ( briefly superimpose over the baseball diamond . ) the eye be close but it 's move around wildly under the lid . slow pull back from the eye revealing , the second eye and the upsidedow face of a young guy . kengo yoshiya , early 20 's , half - asian , great look but shy and slightly goofy . there be a wide - eye openness in he face . his eye slowly blink open with a slow groan , surveying the surroundings of he room . kengo 's Pov his upsidedow room , blurry . a small shaft of light stream into the window . fleck of dust flicker around in the light . it 's the entire universe in miniature drift around kengo 's room . the rest of the room be out of focus . kengo head hang over the side of the bed . his arm twisted under he and he face , squash against the back of he hand . obviously have pass out in this odd position . he take a deep breath and blow . the dust wildly dance through the shaft . Chaos . kengo smile . he drag he numb arm out from under himself and lift he head off he hand and the hangover hit . kengo ( in soft pain ) oh , fuck . there be a small black ink smudge on he cheek and a smear club re-entry stamp on the back of he hand . evidence of a late night . in another room , haunt traditional asian folk music be softly play . int . kengo 's room - morning - wide there would be a floor but it 's bury in layer of clothes . Art poster on the wall and several photo kengo have take of he life . candid shot of people , building ... there be a large black and white photo of a young woman at the beach . ( his girlfriend sandra ) . there be a small collection of camera on a shelf . a tiny thai buddha peer out from a shelf . a garbage truck rumble by and shake the room . kengo groan suffer he hangover headache . kengo' Pov the light have shift , brush across a large print of Leonardo Da vinci 's '' the annunciation '' . it 's crease and wrinkle but still haunt . close on : the angel . it 's large wing be spread , on its knee inform Mary of she immaculate conception . kengo ( to the angle ) please God , never do this to I again . there be a soft knock at he door . woman voice ( evelyn ) ( softly ) kengo ? kengo turn look at he door as it crack open . his head throbs . kengo ( quietly ) ahhhhhh ! no! evelyn , late 30 's , stand in he doorway , upsidedow , still he Pov . she be beautiful , wear only she underwear ; a bra and panty . they do not match and be a bit chaste to be contemporary . Evelyn lean over sideways try to make she head right - side - up for kengo . evelyn rise and shine monkey of mine . kengo groan . with all the effort he have in the world , he pull he head back onto the pillow . right-side - up , Evelyn be even more beautiful . there be a fragility and sadness about she . she 's heartbreaking . Evelyn find kengo 's glass hang off a lamp and put they on . she look funny , she eye a little buggy now . kengo pull he pillow over he face . Evelyn walk across the room and slide the pillow off kengo . he squint in the light . evelyn ( whisper ) move over . he hesitatingly move over , groan . Evelyn lift up the sheet and crawl into bed with kengo , snuggling up next to he . kengo drift back to unconsciousness . he yawn . Evelyn get a whiff of he breath . she plug she nose . evelyn oh God ! the smell . you smell like a brewery . no , not a brewery , a ... distillery . she lightly rub he chest . evelyn ( whisper into he ear ) you get home very late last night . actually it be very early in the morning . kengo groan again . drifting off ... slow dissolve to ... flashback ext . the building of korea town - night for a moment the image of the building appear on the wall of kengo 's bedroom . impressionistic , dreamy shot of Korea town at night . traffic . neon . the great old 1920 's building and the glass office tower build in the ' 70 . the huge video monitor near the corner of wilshire and western . a 747 on its final decent into lax drone over seemingly in slow-motion . kid skateboard on the step of the monolithic 1960 's wilshire Park place building . slow dissolve to : close up on : kengo . his glass do not hide how good - look he be , but they magnify he eye slightly , make he look slightly like a frog . we pull back to reveal ... ext . wilshire bloulvard - night kengo wait , pace on the corner . he change he backpack from one shoulder to the other , look down the street , a little anxious . he see something . he hop to he foot , excitedly . kengo 's Pov : a beautiful girl cross the street . this be sandra , kengo 's girlfriend . Sandra be dress in a great cool outfit that she 's make herself . she have a totally unique style and vibe with the awkward grace of young race horse colt . kengo ( yell ) Sandra ! sandra ( yell ) hey ! she trip over the curb as she hop off the traffic island in the center of wilshire Blvd . one of she shoe to shoot off she foot and into the street . kengo 's face light up . he run into the street , dodging a honk car . he grab she shoe and run to she , fall on he knee , hold she shoe out . Sandra do a little leap in the air and a kick . she slip she foot into the shoe . kengo kiss up she leg and up she body to she face . they embrace , not notice the car that 's stop , wait for they to get out of the way . sandra my punk Prince charm . the driver lay on he horn . startle , they run back to the sliver of island in the center of wlishire Blvd . on the traffic island sandra you could have go in . you do not have to wait . kengo I go in and get stamp . it 's still fresh . he hold up he hand . a black barcode be stamp on the back of it . kengo take Sandra 's hand and lick it . she squirm . kengo press he stamp hand against hers , hold it there . Sandra look at he , smile conspiratorially . he remove he hand . Sandra 's stamp be perfect . sandra now I be mark for life . she kiss he . wide on the traffic island kengo and Sandra kiss , stand under a scrappy stick of a tree as traffic whizzing past they . ext . sidewalk - night kengo and Sandra walk off of wilshire onto a quiet side street . kengo ( remember ) oh ! I have something for you . he pull a tube out of he backpack and hand it to she . Sandra gently finger the top of the tube and very seductively kiss the top of it . kengo grab the tube and bang she on the head with it . kengo ( laugh and turn on ) open it . you slut . Sandra open the tube and gingerly pull out a large black and white photograph . Sandra move into light of a street lamp and unroll the photograph . she look at it carefully , mesmerize . kengo covertly fish he camera out of he backpack while Sandra check out the photo . close up on a photo : a view of the sky , frame by a window . a 747 fly through a beautiful sunset , over the building of Korea town . kengo in silhouette , he back to we , look out the window . it 's a great photograph . it express a palatable sense of long . Sandra slowly look back up at kengo and smile , impressed . kengo quickly snap a photo of Sandra , smile at he in the yellow street light . sandra ( quietly , a bit in awe ) oh , kengo ! it 's really beautiful . kengo really ? she hug he . kengo I use the self timer . see ? it 's I ? Sandra laugh . sandra I know . I recognize you . she study the photo , get into it . sandra I love it . what airline be that ? kengo Air China ! look carefully at the tail . he move around next to she and delicately point it out . Sandra watch he not the photo , smile . kengo see ? you can tell by the cherry blossom on it . it 's the same flight around the same time every day . sandra I can feel you in it . it 's ... melancholy but it 's ... expansive too . kengo be deeply pleased by she critique . sandra you be get really good . ext . house '' bar code '' - night people talk and smoke out front as kengo and Sandra walk up . int . the house '' bar code '' - night the house have be convert into a small club and bar . it 's intimate but sophisticated . it 's populate by good look , mostly asian hipster . people dance . a dj spin record . pin ball machine line the wall . kengo and Sandra sit drink and talk with a couple friend . we can not hear the dialogue but kengo be clearly animated with he friend and have a good time . Sandra be move around to the music , shaking she hair , bob she head , want to get up and dance . she gesture a toward the dancer . kengo shake he head . kengo 's friend put a shot in front of he and kengo knock it back his friend hand he another . he drink that too . Sandra grab kengo and pull . he grab the table , in mock panic for leverage but she 's strong , and pull he towards the dancer . kengo put up a good struggle but she get he out in front of the speaker . she dance around he seductively . he tentatively begin to flap he arm like a weird bird to the music . back at the table , he friend watch and laugh . on the dance floor , the camera swirl around kengo and Sandra . kengo become more confident . people dance around he as he inhibition melt away . his dance movement be weird and floppy but strangely cool . awkwardly smooth like a frog do ballet . Sandra dance along laugh . she lean over and plug one ear and yell above the music in the other . sandra Super -frog ! kengo kiss she and then leap into the air flap he arm and leg harder hopping around , head swiveling around on he neck . Sandra grab he head again and pull it to she . sandra ( loud whisper ) Big dick Super - frog ! she rub he crotch . he press against she . as we pull back the sound slowly fade to complete silence . just the image remain . 10 . people dance wildly , surrealistically in the silence . slow fade out . ext . STREET - night ( continued flashback ) Sandra and kengo zigzag drunkenly down the street lean against each other for support . Sandra carry she tube with kengo 's photo inside . kengo look up at the sky and stop walk . Sandra wrap she arm around he look up to see what he see . sandra what ? kengo ( whisper ) wait . keep look . on the sky : the cloud be milky , illuminate by the city 's light . the moon appear then quickly disappear back into the cloud . kengo reach he hand up to the sky in a weird little gesture of reverence to the moon . Sandra giggle . sandra ( quietly ) it 's full . all the lunatic be out . she kiss he out of he trance . sandra ( realize , ohhh ! ) that 's what the word come from . crazy from the moon . kengo cock he head . sandra luna...tics ... kengo it 's the same moon as the people in Sri Lanka look up and see . we be all ... will . he rub he hand together wildly and wave he drunken arm around , simulate chaos . kengo War and ... tsunamis and shit ... but it 's ... just still there ... the same . sandra take a picture of we now . kengo hold the camera out at as far as he can , stretch he arm . they press they face together . she bite he ear . kengo ( yelping ) ow ! the flash blind they . freeze the moment . down the STREET : kengo and Sandra manage to propel themselves along hold hand . kengo do you really like the one I give you ? sandra I love it . kengo you swear ? sandra God , you be so insecure . Sandra grab he face and kiss he . sandra it 's a great photograph . you be gift . 12 . ext . alley - night a group of korean kide take turn run and jump as high as they can , plant they foot on the wall . a girl measure how high each guy 's foot land . she take money from people betting on who can plant they foot the high . kengo and Sandra stop to watch they . kengo take a photo . after a moment , Sandra pull kengo away . ext . STREET - night kengo and Sandra stand against Sandra 's car , a dirty old volvo , and make out . it 's messy and passionate . Sandra put she hand down kengo 's pants the abruptly pull away and walk to the driver 's side of she car . sandra get in , Super - frog . kengo you be not drive anywhere . you be too drunk . I be walk you home . sandra who say anything about drive ? get in . Sandra unlock she door and plop in . she take a little flask out of she glove compartment and take a swig . kengo press he face against the windshield . Sandra honk the horn . int . sandra 's car - night kengo kiss the windshield . sandra oh that 's so gross . I be never kissing you again . ( more ) 13 . sandra ( cont would ) there 's like about a billion squush bug on the windshield . I have not wash it since we go to joshua Tree . kengo try to get in the passenger side of the car but Sandra quickly lock it . kengo come on , open it , or you be go to be very sorry . sandra no way . bug mouth . but I guess that 's what super frog eat . bug gut . kengo duck down , disappear from view . Sandra move to the passenger seat and look in the side mirror try to find he . she open the driver 's door lean out . kengo leap up from behind it and push she back into the car , kissing she passionately . keeping he lip lock to hers as he crawl over she to the passenger seat . sandra tell I about how you use to pretend you be a invisible ninja . kengo I would practice my quiet ninja walk ... they kiss deeply , scraping tooth . kengo ( cont 'd ) ...- sneaking around my neighborhood when it get dark . he take a dramatic pause , get into it . sandra I have look in people 's window and see family eat diner . 14 . kengo take a big swig from the flask . Sandra suck it out of he mouth . kengo I have watch father ... eat with they son . he get lose in the memory . kengo sometimes the whole family would be laugh . Sandra watch kengo . he turn to look at she . kengo ( cont 'd ) ( ominously ) later , late at night , I have sneak into they house . he slowly put he hand under she skirt , feel she . Sandra bite she lower lip . kengo ( cont 'd ) I have go into the girl 's bedroom and watch they sleep . Sandra 's mouth open . sandra ( shocked ) you never tell I that part . kengo then ... as they be dream , I would gently peel they sheet down and ... she burst out laugh and punch he . sandra you be such a liar . they make out passionately . kengo slide he hand back under she skirt . Sandra fumble with he belt . 15 . sandra ( without take she lip off kengo 's ) take they off . kengo remove she panty and put they in he mouth . he shake he head and growl like a dog with a toy . sandra ( giggle ) no. you pants . she pull she panty but he will not let go . she do and the elastic snap he in the face . kengo ow . they resume make out . kengo start to take off he pants . kengo ( between kiss ) let 's ... ( kiss ) go back ... ( kiss ) to my .... ( kiss ) house . Sandra pull away . sandra no , kengo . you mom . kengo she do not care . sandra it always so weird there . it 's like ... she look off frustrated . kengo why ? she like you . sandra I feel ... I do not know ... like the other woman . 16 . kengo be freak by what she 's just say . he expertly shake it off . kengo oh whatever . you be crazy . he kiss she . kengo I ’‘1l sneak into you room and I nil be go before you parent wake up . sandra no way . can not risk it . my dad would skewer you and have ... frog leg . she think this be really funny . sandra ( suddenly a great idea ) wait ! Sandra have a very mischievous look on she face . sandra let 's go to the building where you work . we can sneak into one of the empty apartment . kengo no fuck way . someone 'il bust we . sandra we will be really quiet . we have do it before . kengo yeah , but the more we do it , the better the odd be at get catch . Sandra sigh . kengo we can not . it full of busy - body old people . 17 . sandra ( giggle ) busy -body ? she kiss he . sandra you be such a freak . they start to make out and it get heavier and more intense . sandra fuck I . kengo pull he wallet out and get a condom out of he pocket . sandra give it to I . i’1ll put it on . she get he pants off and lean back for a better view . sandra wow ! God , I be always surprised by how big it be . kengo be that the only reason you like I ? she laugh . sandra yes . they continue make out as Sandra put the condom on he . they slide over the seat , into the back of Sandra 's volvo . they head hit the roof and they have to kick they leg to position themselves in the back seat . they be laugh as they fumble with each other 's clothes but soon they passion take over . sandra ( breathless ) busy-body . 18 . kengo wait . he reach for he pants that be crumpled on the floor . he dig in the pocket and take he camera out of he jeans . sandra oh God , no ! ext . sandra 's car - night Close on : Sandra 's bare foot press against the back window . her toe wiggle around in passion she foot press against the window harder make little foggy impression on the glass . slow move back revealing more of the car . the flash go off . it 's like lightning in a volvo . a couple walk by on the street , not notice . the flash go off again . the car rock gently . slow dissolve to ... ext . kengo 's room - day back to the present : Evelyn take he glass off and put they on he . she wet she finger and try to get the little ink smear off he cheek . he pull away annoyed . kengo I have demon in my head and they be eat my brain . evelyn you have a lot of devil in you . kengo come on mom . I do not believe that shit . she put a hand over he mouth . 19 . evelyn do not say shit ! kengo fart . it 's loud . he smile . Evelyn shriek and unclamp he mouth . she reach over and pinch he nipple hard . kengo ow ! he turn away from she and toward the wall . Evelyn start to tickle he . kengo flap the sheet blow the fart smell on she . Evelyn scream and hop out of bed pull the sheet off he . revealing he naked ( except for he underwear ) body . kengo cover himself with he hand . Evelyn run out of the room laugh . kengo sit up and adjust he erection that be poke through he underwear . Evelyn run back in the room with a long stick of burn incense . kengo grab a pillow and hold it over he crotch . kengo Mom ! Evelyn giggle and do a swirl dance around he room wave the incense . evelyn I be scare you demon away . Evelyn 's dance be part ballet , part interpretative mix with traditional kabuki move . she 's graceful and beautiful . kengo watch she dance and spin around he room , entrance . the phone ring , break they spell . 20 . kengo and Evelyn look at each other in mock-horror . neither of they make a move to answer it . the machine pick up . evelyn ( the outgo message ) hi , neither kengo or Evelyn be home right now . please leave a message after the tone and we will call you back . God bless . kengo oh God , mom . why do you have to add God bless ? evelyn shhhhh . they listen . voice on machine ( glen tabata ) hello ? hello ? kengo and Evelyn laugh . kengo oh shit ! I be late . but he make no effort to get up . glen it 's Glen tabata here . be anyone home ? I be call to inform kengo that he be late for work by more than one hour . this be very late . please call I at the office . hello to you Evelyn . I hope you be good . he hang up . kengo he 's so sweet , but why do he have to be so formal ? evelyn he be a gentleman and a very ... spiritual man . 21 . kengo oh God mom . he 's be in love with you for year ... Evelyn . kengo sit up and he head pound . he grab he head . kengo ( under he breath ) God , please , I nil never drink again if you let I get through this day . kengo stumble out of bed . his erection have subside so he 's safe to move around the room to gather whatever clothes he can find that be not filthy . Evelyn watch as he smell a pair of jeans and decide that they be clean enough to wear . he slide they on . Evelyn pick up a shirt and smell it . evelyn uhh. horrible . she look at he . evelyn you be not go to shower ? kengo no time . i’1l take a bird bath in the sink . she cock she head and look at he strangely . kengo what ? what be you look at I like that for ? evelyn you be really a man now . kengo really ? he look at himself in the mirror . he puff up he chest a little . he make a '' man face '' . Evelyn laugh . evelyn you be handsome kengo , like you father be handsome . kengo ( almost whisper ) really ? she nod . kengo I think I get all my good look from my foxy mother . she actually blushes . evelyn you should get to work . kengo how do I look like he ? 22 . she walk out of the room . kengo watch . she have a great body and he can not help notice she beauty . one of she buttock be expose and she have a slight wedgy . she adjust it , pull she underwear out of she butt crack as she walk away . kengo ( call after she ) h.a. evelyn what. kengo it stand for hungry ass . when that happen it 's call h.a . when you butt eat you ... evelyn ( mock -shock ) do not talk to you mother like that . 23. she run away . kengo laugh . he walk over and look out he window . kengo 's Pov : we recognize the view out the window from kengo 's photograph that he give to Sandra . it 's a foggy day and visibility be not very far . another jumbo jet from Asia make its decent across the sky . kengo smell he hand and finger . he can still smell Sandra from last night . he smile think about she . Ray of sun break through the fog . kengo catch he breath at the sight . Heaven ? evelyn ( from the live room ) you should hurry . kengo snap out of he trance . int . bathroom - day kengo , in a rush , take what he call a bird bath , splash water on he face and under he armpit . he look in the medicine cabinet and find he mom 's expensive face cleanser . he clean he armpit with it , then he face . he rinse , gargle with mouthwash and he 's do . int . kitchen - day kengo quickly walk through the kitchen and into a small room off the kitchen that he have convert into a darkroom . int . darkroom - day it 's small but have everything he need to develop black - and - white photo . 24 . kengo close the door and switch the red light on . he expertly take a roll of film , pull it open , put it in the develop fluid , into the enlarger , into the tray and develop a photo . even though he 's in a rush , it 's important for he to see this photo . on the photo : it slowly appear on the paper . it 's a great shot : Sandra , naked , sit on top of kengo in the back seat of she car , from the night before . it 's a great shot . it 's blurry but very erotic and very clear they be have sex . kengo watch the image sharpen and contrast . rushing , he quickly pull down he pants and start to jack off . evelyn ( v.o. outside the door ) kengo , you need to go . he pull up he pants , frustrated . he gather he thing . int . live room - day Evelyn sit on the floor and chant in front of a alter that she 's construct in the corner of the room . it 's a eclectic mix of Buddhist , hindu and Christian icon . a large thai buddha , a big cross , a ganesh statue ... evely n 's eye be close . she gently rock back and forth , chant . kengo pass through room . he stop to watch she . he loose himself for a moment in she rhythmic chant and prayer . he voice be lovely and radiate peace . 25 . int . kengo 's room - day kengo stuff a few thing into he backpack : he camera , a sketch book , a vintage army jacket that have several badge and button pin to it ... he look at he night stand notice something . kengo 's Pov : on he night stand : film canister , change , gum and peak out from under a photography magazine , a thin gold chain . kengo pull the chain revealing a small cross fastened to it . he have not see in a long time . he hold the tiny cross in the palm of he hand and consider it . he space out to it , nearly hypnotise . it catch the light and flash , gently pull he consciousness back into the room . he kiss the cross and fasten the chain around he neck . kengo carefully roll up the naked print of Sandra and slide it into a tube . he put the tube in he backpack . he stick ear pod in he ear , press play on he ipod and shove it in he pocket . he shove he cell phone in the other pocket , take one of the camera off the shelf and be off . kengo 's music start . ext . hall - day Evelyn continue she chant as kengo walk down the hall . he open the front door quietly so he will not disturb she . evelyn ( v.o . from the live room ) kengo ! you leave the front door wide open last night , again . he can not hear she over he music as he walk out the door , forget to close it . 26 . evelyn ( from the live room ) you must remember to close it . kengo ? kengo ? ext . STREET - day kengo walk out of he apartment building onto the street . it 's a cold and windy day for LA . he look up at the sky . he pull a red ski cap onto he head , and turn on he ipod . mellow ambient music give kengo he own private soundtrack to the world as he walk down the street . kengo seem to almost float in slow - motion along to he music . his hangover dissipate . he 's in he own private bubble . he stop to ponder a pile of garbage . someone have move and decide not to take a lot of they stuff . there be a irone board , a chair , clothes and a collection of stuff animal . kengo stare at the discard content of someone 's life . he shake off he trance . then he take out he camera and carefully deliberate the composition , finally shoot a photo . ext . STREET - day kengo walk down the street toward the high rise building of wilshire Blvd . he be the only one on the street walk . he have the slight present of a lone warrior in a post apocalyptic world . he make sure to make the music on he ipod enhance this mood . kengo float down the residential street . he look up into the sky at the cloud . he snap a photo . kengo slow down as he pass a large 3 - D portrait of Christ , tape to the window of a shop . he lean in for a closer look . as kengo lean closer , the Christ 's eye close . he take a couple of step backwards make the eye open again and then . he zoom into the Christ with he camera lens . over the foot of the Jesus be the price tag . $ 9.99 and a bar code . 27 . without miss a step , kengo reach into he pocket change the music to match the festive mood of the market . he do this with one hand without have to look . this be obviously something he 's very practice at . ext . wilshire boulevard - day kengo emerge onto wilshire . a few people on the street but even here it 's oddly desert for such a huge city . kengo reach into he pocket , scrolling through for the perfect music for the frenetic mood of the street . a ambulance scream buy but kengo can not hear it . he look up at a helicopter circle . each song he go though change the vibe completely , even if it 's just for the split- second before he change it again . he find a perfect song . the song transform he mood . he walk faster with a swagger inspire by the energy of the rock song . note : the song he listen to here should be pop , loud and ecstatic . kengo walk along , watch the traffic and look at the architecture and occasional pedestrian . a old woman in a traditional Korean outfit walk by . a couple of secretary gossip and smoke . someone dress up as a hotdog wait to pass out flier to people but there be barley anyone walk . he wave at traffic . kengo slow to take a few photograph . he change the music again . this time it 's Jazz from the 1950' . the scene take on a totally different mood . note : think mile Davis . maybe something from '' walk . '' he change the music a couple more time . a sad ballad , hip hop , 60' psychedellia ... ( note : think something from George Harrison 's '' all thing must pass " like '' beware of darkness " or '' be not it a pity '' . ) 28 . it 's not that he do not have the patience for a full song ; he do this to heighten and to get the most of he experience walk to work . ext . construction site - day a large hole in the ground with cement slab pour at the bottom . a homeless man dress in army fatigue sit next to the hole with he shopping cart . he have long gray hair . he 's probably a Vietnam War veteran . the shopping cart have a large tatter american flag tie to it . as kengo pass by , he stop and take a photo . as the shutter snap , the homeless man give kengo the peace sign . kengo flash it back and keep walk but he turn to look back , wonder about the man for a moment . ext . mid -rise apartment build - day a building build in the mid-1960 's -- four storey with about 20 unit . it 's without architectural detail with the exception of a cheesy sign in a Hawaiian - look font that read paradise apartment . in the bottom of the paradise Apartments be a small office . a sign on the door read paradise copy and a smaller sign below it read notary public . kengo walk briskly across the street and into the office . int . paradise apartment office - day this be the maintenance and manager 's office for the apartment but also a small copy store and notary Public . kengo walk in the front door . a loud bell ring . he turn off the music , pop the headphone out from he ear , and take off he hat . behind the counter be he boss , glen tabata , 60 , gray handsome but a little uptight . he 's the building manager and notary Public . 29 . Glen look up at kengo and give he a very disappointed look . kengo walk over toward he . he care what Glen think of he and be pain to have any disapproval from he . kengo I be really sorry , Mr. tabata . kengo walk around behind the counter . he carefully put he camera in he backpack . glen kengo . Glen . we be both man now . kengo okay , ( try it out ) Glen . Glen smile slightly . he turn and begin to sort through some papers . he seem sad and far away . kengo watch he , seem to almost absorb he loneliness . kengo ( gently , softly ) I be sorry ... ( try out he name ) Glen . Glen nod . kengo I be help my mom at the market . the line be really long and my cell phone battery die . I forget to charge it . kengo 's cell phone ring in he pocket . he 's mortify . it ring again . kengo just stand there . glen just answer it . kengo pull he phone out and look at it . it 's stop ringing . 30 . kengo I miss it . I guess my battery be not totally ... glen will you put new paper in the machine and copy this manuscript ? it 's be pick up today . kengo take a big stack of paper and load up two big copy machine at the front of the office . as he be slide paper into one of the machine , he get a nasty paper cut . he grimace . close - up on kengo 's finger : he squeeze it and blood come out of the tiny slice . glen you should always wear glove when you load the machine . kengo stick he finger in he mouth , kengo ( he finger in he mouth ) I always forget . Glen take a first aid kit off the wall and open it . glen you be let you mind slip too much . you have to become ... mindful . Glen remove a band - aid and some anti-bacterial ointment from the first aid kit . kengo it 's okay . I do not need ... but Glen have already methodically make kengo a little treatment for he cut . kengo walk over to the counter offer Glen he finger . 31 . Glen carefully blot up the little sliver of blood off kengo 's finger , apply the anti-bacterial ointment , and gently put the Band - Aid on it . kengo watch he . he be touch by how much Glen obviously care for he . Glen hand kengo some glove and kengo put they on and get back to work copying the manuscript . kengo 's cell phone beep . Glen look over . kengo I have a message . it 's probably my mom ... Evelyn . kengo sheepishly pull he phone out of he pocket and check it out . on the phone : the picture load . it 's a close - up of breast . they be nice full firm breast . Sandra 's breast . kengo smile and look closer . the phone ring and it say , Sandra cell . Glen look over . kengo sorry . i’1l turn the ringer off . he put he cell phone away and get back to work . glen it 's okay , kengo . I be not you prison warden . kengo I feel guilty that I be late . glen you be young . it 's okay to go out and have good time . I just think you need ... Glen look off search for the right word . 32 . glen when I be you age , I be in love with a girl name jessica . kengo what happen to she ? glen her family do not approve of I . Glen seem full of sadness today . kengo walk over toward he . it 's clear Glen need to talk . kengo where be that ? glen when I be a young man , I live in Long Beach . I know I tell you about when I have the fruit store there . kengo yeah . you do . it sound really cool . glen you do not have to humour I kengo . you be a good boy . kengo I be not humour you . I like to hear about you life . a woman walk into the shop . woman hi , I need to send a fax . glen sure let I help you . as Glen be help the woman kengo 's phone buzze again . kengo take it out and look . on the phone 33 . the text window alert he that he have a photo . kengo press a button and the photo load . it 's a shot of Sandra 's pelvis . her pierce navel and smooth stomach . her thumb pull down the top of she panty so there be just a cute little peak of pubic hair reveal . kengo stare at the photo . it 's definitely turn he on . the machine vibrate as it spit out copy . kengo press himself against it as he continue look at he phone and the Sandra 's sexy photo . his cell phone beep and say low battery . kengo make sure Glen and the woman be engage and not look at he . he press himself harder against the vibrate machine . he hump it a little . glen kengo ? kengo shove he phone in he pocket quickly . glen will you load new paper in the fax machine when you get the chance ? kengo sure . the woman thanks Glen and leave . the office phone ring . Glen answer it . glen paradise copy and management . hold on . he just get here . Glen hold the phone out to kengo . glen it 's for you . 34 . kengo sorry . he take it . kengo hello , this be kengo . oh , hi Sandra . kengo pretend to be surprised that it 's she for Glen 's benefit . he give Glen a big smile and point to the phone . kengo ( whisper to Glen ) Sandra . Glen smile . kengo yeah , I get it . of course I know it be you . who do you think I think it be ? I recognize they . kengo goggle . kengo I make a present for you . he giggle again . then he remember Glen . he mouth '' sorry '' to Glen . kengo look , I can not talk now . I be busy at work and I be tie up the fax line . what !? kengo be alarmed and turn away from Glen . kengo ( quietly ) where ? you can not ... how do you ... I ... uh ... kengo ( act normal again ) okay . well thank you for call . ( more ) 35 . kengo ( cont would ) I will call you later . okay . yeah . kiss . he hang up . kengo sorry . glen you do not need to tell I '' sorry '' all the time , kengo . I be not the police and not you disciplinarian . kengo okay , I be sor ... yeah , okay . glen be everything okay ? kengo look at he puzzle . glen with Sandra ? kengo oh yeah . uh ... her car get tow . but she 's go to get it now . kengo walk back over to the machine . the machine hum and blow out hot air . kengo be very distract and anxious . he stare out the window , grind he tooth . kengo ( suddenly blurt out ) oh my Jesus Christ ! I forget to go and help Mrs. jun pak with she sink ... I mean bath leak . glen do not talk the Lord 's name in vain . kengo sorry . I say I would help she yesterday when I see she at the store . Glen think it 's a little odd that kengo would be in such a panic but he be a weird kid sometimes . 36 . kengo there 's a leak and I think it just need tightened . kengo rush behind a curtain into a little room and emerge with a tool chest . the copy machine start beep , alert they there 's a paper jam . kengo ( very stress ) oh no . kengo be freeze with near panic . glen go , go . I ' will take care of it . ext . courtyard of paradise apartment - day balcony overlook a small courtyard swim pool . a very overweight woman sunbathes . kengo run up the stair carry the tool chest . he look around to see if anyone be watch he . int . apartment hallway - day kengo walk down the dark hallway and stop in front of a door . he knock . a door down the hall open . a old man , wear a oxygen mask peer into the hall . kengo oh , hi Mr. soon ? how be you new stove ? the man abruptly close he door . kengo look up and down the hall , paranoid . he knock on the door again , then jiggle the door knob . it open . int . apartment - day kengo walk into the empty apartment . 37 . it 's clean but ugly , partially furnish with a table , some chair and shag carpet all from the 1970' . kengo where be you ? kengo close the door and lock it . he walk into the bedroom . int . bedroom - day a mattress with a flower bedspread be the only thing in the room . kengo look around the room . he notice a light on in the bathroom . kengo walk toward the bathroom . kengo hello ? int . bathroom - day kengo walk into the bathroom . kengo what the fuck ? the shower curtain be close . kengo walk towards the shower . just as he reach out to open the shower curtain , it suddenly and violently rip open , terrifying kengo . kengo ahhhh ! Sandra stand in the shower . she jump on kengo , laugh hysterically . kengo you scared the shit out of I ! Sandra straddle kengo . kengo carry she out of the room . 38 . int . bedroom - day kengo throw Sandra on the bed . they roll around make out , pull each other 's clothes off . CUT to : int . bedroom - day - moment later kengo and Sandra lie on the bed after sex . they be wrap up in the bedspread . kengo I have to get back to work . he start to get up . sandra wait . she push he back down on the bed . kengo what ? she sit on he chest . sandra that be fun . kengo I know . it be fun last night too . he squirm out from under she and give she a kiss . kengo it always be . I always get horny when I have a hangover . do you ? Sandra sit up and sigh . she look off make it obvious that something be bother she . kengo what ? 39 . sandra nothing . kengo rub she back . sandra we have be together for a long time and ... we still like each other . right ? she look at he . he space we . she lightly tap he . sandra do you still like I ? kengo yeah , of course . you know that . sandra it 's real between we . I do not understand ... she pick at a loose thread on the bedspread . kengo what ? she bury she head under . he look for she face in the cover . kengo what ? sandra why ... why be we sneaking around still ? hiding . they have talk about this a million time . she be on egg shell here . sandra ( gently ) who be we hide from ? they stare at each other for a long moment . 40 . sandra this be so lame and ... bourgeois . it 's like we be have ... a affair . she pull at the bedspread thread . it start to unravel . kengo gently stop she , take she hand in he . sandra I do not why ... fuck . she fall back on the bed , exasperate . kengo what ? sandra why we can not get marry ? kengo we have talk ... you ... she spring back up and straddle he , look in he eye . sandra I want you to tell I again . kengo avoid she interrogate stare . she push he onto he back so she be on top of he . sandra kengo ? kengo I can not marry you because ... kengo take a deep breath . Sandra wait . kengo ( totally serious and without any irony ) I be the son of God . Sandra get off he , fling the bedspread off herself and stand up . she start put she clothes on . 4l. sandra I can not believe you be still say that hit kengo . she hop around angrily try to but she pants on . sandra ( piss ) I think you would have outgrown it by now . you be fuck brainwash . kengo get up and start to put on he clothes on , too . kengo I be not brainwash . Sandra stare at he wait for he to say something else . kengo what if it 's true ? sandra ( super frustrated ) it 's not true . Sandra be dress . she start to walk away . she stop and turn back to he . sandra ( sadly , soft ) you be just a scared little frog boy . she shake she head and walk out of the room . kengo listen to the door slam as Sandra leave . he walk to the window , open the curtian . he watch she walk down the hall and quickly away . kengo look up to the sky space out to ... another huge jet make it 's decent , banking into it final turn above downtown and on to lax . 42 . int . paradise apartment office - day kengo walk back into the office , a little dishevel . Glen be bind the manuscript that kengo be copying earlier . he look up . glen where 's the tool bag ? kengo slap he forehead . kengo oh no ! kengo turn to go back and get it . glen wait . Glen just stand there . he open he mouth but nothing come out . he look away from kengo and down at he foot . kengo what 's wrong ? Mr. tabata ? Glen 's eye tear up but he quickly turn away . glen please call I Glen . kengo ( gently ) Glen . kengo walk over to he . Glen disappear behind the curtain into the other room . kengo watch the curtain . Glen come back carry a photo album . glen I want to show you this . kengo walk over and look at the album with Glen . 43 . glen ( point to a photo of a beautiful young Evelyn ) that 's you mother when I first meet she . she 's stun , in she early 20 's or late teens . kengo wow ! he turn the page and there be more photo of she . a tear fall onto the page , splash on she face . kengo look up at Glen , study he . kengo ( blurt ) do you know my dad ? do I look like he ? kengo rub the top of he ear . Glen close the book slowly . he look off . glen I be die , kengo . kengo what ? glen I have pancreatic cancer . I have six month . if I be lucky , a year . Glen take a moment for this to sink in then he take a deep breath and put he hand on kengo 's shoulder . glen I want you to have the store . kengo be shocked . kengo ( abrupt , accidently shrill but without anger ) I do not want the store . 44 , glen you be like a son ... kengo ( subdued , panic ) no , I be not at all like a son . I do not know how to be a son . I be selfish . I can not ... kengo be try not to cry . kengo be you sure ? doctor be stupid . they say the wrong thing all the time . Glen nod . glen I be make peace with God . life be nothing but a short painful dream . thanks to his guidance , I have make it through this far . kengo fuck God ! kengo be totally shocked that he have just say this . kengo I be sorry . glen ( very gently ) before I die , there be one thing I have to tell you . it shame I to say it but I have no choice . kengo it 's okay . you can tell I anything . glen I have have lustful thought towards you mother . I have always be in love with she . 45 . kengo I have too . kengo be even more shocked that he 's just say this . it 's like he 's be suddenly stricken with turret syndrome . his face turn bright red . he look away from Glen . Glen rest he hand on kengo 's shoulder . glen I know . kengo suddenly hug Glen and hold on to he tightly . he hide he face so Glen can not see that he 's cry . glen you poor boy . kengo let go of Glen and pull himself together . glen you be go to have a difficult time find a woman you want to share you life with after have Evelyn for you mother . kengo know he be right . it terify he . glen you will hold she up as a standard for all other woman . even if you try not to . kengo blushes again . he feel totally naked and expose . Glen rub kengo 's shoulder , try to comfort he . glen every boy be a little bit in love with he mother ... kengo be freeze and all the color drain from he face . everything have change . Glen walk back through the curtain to put the photo album away . 46 . kengo ( to the curtian ) you be good at be ... a little like a father ... to I . we can hear Glen quietly cry behind the curtain . glen ( o.s. from behind the curtain ) will you do I a favor ? kengo anything . Glen hold he hand out through the curtain and hand kengo a piece of paper and $ 20 . glen please go and pick up a prescription for I at the pharmacy . you need some fresh air . why do not you get something to eat while you be out , too . kengo be tear between want to stay and comfort he but it 's obvious Glen need to be alone . kengo okay . kengo grab he backpack and start to head out the door . Glen stick he head between the curtain . glen be careful . ext . STREET - wilshire - day kengo walk slowly through Korea town . he be still in a bit of a daze . he put on he ipod . scrol through the music , he can not find the right song for this moment . he pull out he arm jacket and put it on . he pull he red hat on too . 47 . ext . harverd and wilshire - our lady of the angel church - day on the wall surround the church be a large statue of a angel . his arm be open wide and reach to the sky . kengo walk across the street . he stop and stare up at statue . the angel 's lift arm convey a timeless long for ecstacy especially contrast with the modern 60 's architecture of the church on the other side of the wall . kengo , in he trance , slowly lift he arm up imitate the angel . people brush past he . int . pharmacy - day kengo hand the prescription to the pharmacist . the pharmacist look at the prescription . he give kengo a sad , grim look . pharmacist ( gently with pity ) it will be twenty minute . the pharmacist walk away , sadly . kengo ( under he breath , to soft to hear ) it 's not .... for I . ext . STREET - day kengo walk out of the pharmacy . he take he cell phone out and look at the picture of Sandra 's breast . he call she . kengo hi. he start to get a little choke up but hide it well . kengo Sandra !? I be sorry . wait ! listen to I . what be you do right now ? can you meet I ? just for ten minute . I need to talk to someone . ( more ) 48 . kengo ( cont would ) can you get something to eat ? meet I at the tofu House . okay bye . int . tofu house - day kengo sit in front of a huge photographic mural of a temple in Korea . it stretch from floor to ceiling and wrap around the corner . he put he ipod back on and watch people walk by on wilshire as he wait , listen to music . a sexy waitress with pink hair walk up to he table . kengo I be wait for my ... someone . waitress do you want something to drink ? kengo yeah , I will have some green tea . he watch she walk to another table . he turn he music up as he mood brighten . he take he camera out of he backpack . when he be sure that the pink -haire waitress be not look at he , kengo take she picture and then quickly put the camera back . he watch the pink -haire waitress take the check from a man . the man be in he 50 's or 60 's on she way to the cash register , she give kengo a big smile . kengo smile back and give she a little wave . kengo look back at the man gather he thing and stand up . something about this man be very intrigue to kengo . he be captivate by he . the man be well dress and handsome and one of the few non- asian in the restaurant at the moment . there be a grace and worldly elegance about he that seem from another era ; a tailore double breast suit , a hat , a pocket square . kengo 's Pov 49 , we zoom slowly into the man as he put on he coat . he turn revealing the other side of he face and we see that he right ear be strangely misshapen . it look as though something have take a bite out of it . very little of he ear remain . on kengo kengo be freeze and all the color drain from he face . it 's as if he have see a ghost . he knock over he water but just let it drip off the table and into he lap , numb . the man leave a tip and slowly start to walk to the door . the waitress come back to kengo 's table with he tea . waitress here you be . she look down and see that he have spilt he water into he lap . waitress I will get a towel . kengo do not even notice she . he be still dumbfounded , stare at the man . the waitress shrug . waitress whatever . she walk away . kengo watch the man grab a toothpick , open the door and walk out to the street . kengo grab he backpack and bolt up from the table . it 's as if he have be shot out of a cannon , propelling himself across the restaurant toward the door . the waitress watch he . waitress hey ! 50 . just before he leave , kengo hear she . he dig in he pocket pull out a ten-dollar bill and slam it on the counter . he run out the door . the waitress watch kengo run after the man . on the table kengo 's red hat sit on the abandon table . it absorb the spill water . ext . STREET - afternoon the man walk briskly down wilshire , navigate he way through a abandon construction site . we see kengo , blurry , over the man 's shoulder run , behind he . the man slow down to light a cigarette . kengo get closer . the man continue to walk and alternate between smoking and pick he tooth with the toothpick . on kengo kengo keep he distance , not too far behind he . he 's out of breath , from the rush of adrenaline surging through he body as he trail the man . his heart be beat very fast . maybe we hear it . wide we track with the man and kengo as they walk about 20 yard apart down the block . they have a similar gait . kengo do a small skip so he can walk in sync with the man . the man stumble over a plank . he regains he pace and continue walk , smoking and pick he tooth . when kengo get to the plank he imitate the man 's trip . ext . STREET corner - day the man stop at the corner to wait for the light to change . 51 . kengo walk up to the corner and stand just a few foot behind the man . he crane he head a little to see around to the side of the man 's head , so he can look at he ear . close up / kengo' Pov the side of the man 's head and he strange ear . kengo get a good look . next to the man be a woman wait with she small son . he be about eight . the little boy look up and see he ear too . the little boy stare . the mother pick up the little boy and whisper something . the light change and the crowd walk . kengo try to stay close to he but not too close . he follow he down wilshire . his lap be wet from the spill water . he look like he 's wet himself . int . tofu house - afternoon Sandra walk into the tofu house . she look around the nearly empty restaurant for kengo , walk through the restaurant look for he . Sandra spot kengo 's red ski hat sit on a table . she walk to the table and sit down think maybe kengo be in the bathroom . she put on kengo 's hat and wait . she feel that it 's wet . she smell the hat . ext . corner of vermont and wilshire - afternoon the man wait for the light to change . kengo stand not far behind he . a couple other people wait too . the homeless man , kengo take a photo of earlier in the day , stand under the fluorescent light of the gas station . he hold a sign that read , '' vietnam vet will work for food or sex . " people pump gas ignore he . the man 's shopping cart with he american flag be park in front gas station sign . 52 . kengo stare at the homeless man , space out . he have not notice that the light have change . the homeless man recognize kengo and salute he . kengo salute he back . he look back and be shocked to see the man and the other people wait be go and cross the street . ext . STREET - day startle out of he trance , kengo look around franticly . he catch a glimpse of the man who be head towards the huge subway stop across the street . keno 's space out have cost he . the light change back to '' do not walk '' and the torrent of traffic be unlease in front of he , stranding he on he corner . he jump up to see over a truck . when it pass the man be go . kengo jump into the street nearly get hit by a suv . the driver lay on the horn hard . kengo jump back onto the curb . there be no way he can cross the street now . kengo panic . ext . tofu house - afternoon through the window we see Sandra sit at the table wear kengo 's red hat , wait . the pink haire waitress come to the table and talk to Sandra . int . tofu house - afternoon waitress he spill he water and split . sandra God , he be such a freak . waitress my ex use to wear my g-string . the waitress walk away . 53. ext . STREET - afternoon Sandra walk out of the tofu House and onto the street . she put kengo 's damp hat on and look around at a loss of what to do next . ext . vermont and wilshire subway stop - afternoon kengo sprint across the street , toward the subway entrance . just below the street be a plaza . the ticket booth be on this level and escalator that lead down to the metro . kengo run down the stair and into the plaza . he desperately search for the man in the empty plaza . kengo' shaky frantic Pov search , spin 360 degree around the plaza . we hear he breathe . suddenly the man step out from behind a ticket kiosk and head to the escalator . on a ticket kiosk kengo stuff a five into the machine . he grab he ticket and take off after the man . int . top of subway escalator - afternoon kengo get on the nearest escalator and hope it 's the right one . it 's a long escalator . a hot wind blow up from the subway track . the man be go . kengo be despondent . kengo fuck . kengo lean over as far as he can and look down the escalator next to he . this one be even longer . it seem to go on forever . kengo spot the man on that escalator . 54 . kengo hop over the steel partition onto the other escalator . his backpack almost cause the woman he 's land behind to fall . kengo sorry . Excuse I . I be really sorry . he crane he head and stand on he tiptoe . he can see the back of the man 's head , about 20 foot ahead of kengo . this be a extremely long escalator . kengo be inpatient be excruciate . he 's terrify he 'il lose sight of the man again . the screeching train pull into the station . people move quickly down the escalator and onto the platform . a big sign on the platform read '' NORTH hollywood . " the man step off the escalator and run towards the train and out kengo 's view . kengo freak out and start to push he way through a couple people . they be not happy about it . kengo I be really sorry . I have to get this train . woman there 's always another train you rude bastard . ext . subway platform - day kengo hit the platform and run to the train . just as he get to it , the door begin close . kengo leap onto the train . the door close on he backpack . int . subway - day kengo struggle with the door , shove himself into it with all he weight , ramming he shoulder into the close door . people inside the train watch . it 's a impressive fight . 55 . man in train give up ! get the next one . kengo no way . kengo manage to squeeze himself into the train car . it 's like a difficult birth but he life . the train lurch off . int . subway - afternoon a couple people applaud . kengo feel heroic for a second . a commuter hero beat the dehumanize routine of they day . kengo look around . it 's nearly desert . just a few grumpy passenger . no man . kengo walk up to the front of the car , search . he walk back to the other end of the car . a old black man stand up from he seat . black man I be sorry , but can anyone spare some change . I have not eat day and I need help . I be blind . to prove it , the man lift he eyelid , show he milky eye . he continue in Spanish . black man no tengo los ojo . no miro ... he walk down the car , he hat out to the empty seat hope for money . black man que dios los acompane ... kengo put a dollar in he hat . black man finally , my brethren , be strong in the Lord , and in the power of he might . 56 . a woman sit near kengo mouth along to this passage from the bible . woman amen . she cross herself . kengo ( very quietly ) amen . he try to peer into the next car . int . beverly and vermont subway platform - afternoon a small group of people on the platform lean over the track and gaze into the tunnel wait for the train . the rumbling get louder and the train 's light appear . the people lean step back as the train screech into the stop . before the door even open completely , kengo launch off the train and run down the platform to the next car . he 's like a wild animal pursue by invisible prey . his frantic movement be oddly reminiscent of he frog dance the night before . int . beverly and vermont subway platform - afternoon kengo fling himself into the next car just as the door close . int . subway - afternoon kengo land directly in front of the man . the man look up and for a brief moment kengo and the man make eye contact . in that moment everything go completely silent except kengo 's racing beat heart . the world have go into slow motion . it 's a fleeting moment but of enormous resonance for kengo . the man seem to have glimpse into kengo 's soul . the man slowly look back to the newspaper he be read . the train take off . 57 . kengo walk down the car to a empty seat . he close he eye and try to calm himself . he open he eye . look at he reflection in the window opposite he , he gently feel the shape of he face with he finger . he sneak glance at the man search for similarity between they . kengo examine he reflection . fade to darkness . flashback - year earlier a door slowly open , revealing Evelyn and a very young kengo , 8 , stand on the front porch of someone 's house . Evelyn be dress very nicely if conservatively . evelyn we be from the reformer Church of Christ and we would love to leave you some literature . ext . front porch of suburban house - day a middle - aged house wife listen patiently . house wife well we be already Christians but I appreciate you faith and dedication . she look down at kengo . kengo smile . house wife and what 's you name , sweetie ? kengo kengo . ( then , spelling it out ) k*e*n*g*o! kengo have some pamphlet in he hand . he hold they out to the woman . 58 . house wife why thank you . I have be happy to read they . kengo peace be with you . house wife thank you sweetie . she look up at Evelyn . house wife you son have a very sweet nature about he . and you do too . evelyn thank you . be sure to come and see we if you ever have any pain or difficulty . we never push , we only offer . CUT to : ext . porch of another house - day Evelyn be talk to a young african - american mother hold she baby . evelyn there be a time when my soul be wonder through the deep darkness until the day I be save by we teaching . the woman listen . kengo look inside the house . he see ... int . house - day a man asleep in a big chair . this be the woman 's husband . evelyn I be carry this child inside I . 59 . Evelyn gesture to kengo . kengo smile at the woman . evelyn I be about to throw myself and he into the ocean . but I be save by his hand , the one who be in heaven , and now my son and I live in the holy light of we Lord . the woman consider this . kengo hand she some literature . kengo peace be with you . CUT to : ext . house - day Evelyn stand at the front door of another house . evelyn okay , go ahead . Evelyn give little kengo a soft nudge toward the door . kengo reach up and ring the doorbell . a young guy open the door . evelyn hi , we be ... guy Fucking holy roller . why do not you fuck off and go to hell ? he slam the door . Evelyn take kengo 's hand more to comfort herself than he . she 's visibly upset . ext . STREET suburban neighborhood - day Evelyn and kengo walk off the porch . Evelyn be shaking . 60 . kengo look up at she and see that she 's upset . he wrap he arm around she waist and hug she hard . evelyn ( talk to both of they ) it 's okay . it 's okay . a young Glen tabata walk up the sidewalk to they . he 's dress in a suit and carry a briefcase with the same pamphlet Evelyn and kengo be hand out . glen how 's it go ? Evelyn suddenly brighten , expertly cover she true feeling . evelyn great . this be such satisfy work . kengo look between they confuse by he mother 's sudden shift in tone and dishonesty . int . glen 's van - day ( continued flashback ) kengo ride in the back and Evelyn be up front while Glen drive . kengo look outside the window and see a father play catch with he son . he crank he head around to keep watch as they pass . kengo Evelyn ? evelyn call I Mom . kengo Mom ? evelyn yes . kengo where be my father right now ? Evelyn and Glen look at each other . she turn 61 . evelyn well , you father be we Lord . around in she seat and look at he . evelyn we Lord must stay high up in Heaven . kengo why ? evelyn he can not live down here with we . kengo why ? evelyn well ... he 's too busy . but he 's always watch over you , sweetie . he always have you best interest in he heart . this frustrate kengo who have hear this a million time now . he want another explanation . Evelyn turn around to look at he . evelyn he send you down to be with I . Glen clear he throat . he move the rearview mirror so he can have eye contact with kengo . glen it 's true kengo , that you do not have a father in this world , and you be go to meet all sort of people who say stupid thing to you about that . unfortunately , the eye of most people be cloud and unable to see the truth , kengo . but in we world , you father be the world itself . Glen get overly involved in lecture kengo and be distract . he nearly miss a stop sign . 62 . Evelyn grab he arm . evelyn look out ! Glen stop quickly and they all jerk forward . after a brief pause Glen gain he composer . he start to drive again . glen you be fortunate to live in the embrace of his love . you must be proud of that and live a life that be good and true . kengo think about this . kengo yeah , I know . but God belong to everybody do not he ? father be different though . everybody have a different one . right ? glen listen , little man . someday we Lord , you father , will reveal himself to you as yours and yours alone . you will meet him where you least expect it . but if you begin to doubt or abandon you faith , he may be so disappointed that he never show himself to you . kengo sigh in frustration . kengo I know where baby come from . Glen swerve a little . kengo and I know how they be make ... Evelyn . evelyn ( embarrassed ) this be not something we be go to talk about now . 63 . Evelyn mover the rearview mirror so she can see herself . she nervously put on she lipstick . Glen look over at she watch . evelyn ( quietly , not look at he ) Glen . you should watch the road . she put she lipstick away . her lip be perfect . she turn around back to kengo evelyn but you can talk to you dad by praying to he . CUT to : ext . baseball diamond - day ( continued flashback ) a prison - like elementary school loom in the background . it 's the middle of a baseball game . Young kengo be way outfield . the ten-year- old pitcher pitch the ball and the batter hit it . the ball go fly through the air . it 's surprising a little kid could hit a ball so high . the ball be head right to kengo . little kid pitcher oh shit ! it 's go toward kengo . all the player in the outfield run toward kengo , hope to get to he before the ball do , but it 's clear that it 's not go to happen unless this kid can fly . kengo 's Pov : the ball be very high , but fast come right toward he . slow motion : High on the field , we float down toward kengo . his baseball mitt be wide open and he have a look of horror on he face . 64 . kengo please God ... dad , let I catch this ball . please ... kengo concentrate really hard . kid run toward he . the ball be get closer . kengo close he eye and lean back , face point to the sky . kengo ( under he breath , with fast fervor ) please dad . prove to I that I be you son and that you can see I and since you do not ever teach I how to catch you can make it up to I now by let I ... the ball fly by he and kengo fall over backwards try to catch it . the ball bounce on the manicure grass a few foot behind he . people boo and groan . kid ( 0.s. ) idiot ! open you eye . another kid ( 0.8 ) his eye can not open very wide . other kid laugh . kengo open he eye and lie there look up at the sky . the sky it 's cloudless , dirty blue and vacant . back to present : 65 . int . subway - afternoon kengo shake off the memory and look over at the man . the man be nodd off . on he lap be a very old medical text book . it 's open to a diagram of the human reproductive organ . a woman next to he glance at it , then quickly look away . kengo look at the seat across from he . a white kid , about 15 , sit there now . on the kid : he 's dress in baggy clothes ; sweat , a laker jersey , gold chain , and tuck into he waistband , barely visible above the elastic of he sweat ... the butt of a gun . the kid notice that kengo be look at the gun . he pull up he shirt a bit higher make sure kengo get a good look at the gun then pull he shirt back over it . he raise he eyebrow at kengo , like he 's say , '' what ? you get a problem with something ? '' kengo quickly look away . int . sandra 's car - late afternoon Sandra drive up to the front of kengo 's building . she be wear he red hat . she honk a few time . it 's a '' code honk '' . she lean over across the passenger seat and look up . nothing . sandra fucker . Sandra start to cry . a car behind she honk . she drive on . int . subway - afternoon the train come into the next stop , the man stand up and walk toward the door . the train slow down . 66 . the door open and the man get off . kengo jump up and follow . the kid with the gun stay on the train . ext . subway platform - late afternoon kengo follow he up the escalator toward the natural light of ... ext . the STREET - late afternoon the man , with kengo close behind , emerge into the hazy late afternoon sunlight of the San Fernando Valley . the man cross the street and wait at a bus stop . kengo walk over and wait too . he 's less worried about be catch now , so he stand pretty close . the man look at kengo . kengo can feel the man 's eye on he . with great courage kengo turn to meet the man 's eye . time seem to stop . kengo 's heart be in he throat , he ear buzz , he can not breath . the man give kengo a barely imperception nod and the faintest smile or do he ? kengo open he mouth as if to say something . a weird little song escape . ext . paradise apartment office - late afternoon Glen be stand on the sidewalk in front of the office . he look he watch and then walk back in . Sandra pull up in she volvo . it make a lot of noise and belch smoke . Sandra turn off the ignition and get out . she be wear kengo 's red hat . just as Sandra get to the front door , Glen walk back out onto the sidewalk . Sandra take kengo 's hat off and walk up to Glen . they talk but we do not hear what they be say . 67 . Glen can tell Sandra be upset . he walk she into the office . int . bus - late afternoon the bus be not crowded either . kengo sit up front across from the man . kengo look at the man 's hand and then look down at he own . the bus stop at the next stop and more people get off . a very old woman get on . she be have a hard time walk . she stand directly in front of the man . as the bus lurch froward , the old woman almost fall . the man look back down at he paper . kengo can not believe how inconsiderate he be . he be profoundly disappointed . kengo ( to the old woman ) ma'am !? Excuse I , ma'am ?! the old woman look over at kengo . kengo please . sit here . he get up and help the woman over to he seat . she sit . old woman thank you very much . it 's so hard for I to get to the back of the bus . she smile at kengo . old woman you be such a handsome gentleman . kengo smile . old woman you must have lovely parent . 68 . kengo smile . he look over to the man who continue to read . old woman what be you name ? kengo kengo . old woman oh that 's a japanese name ! be you ... japanese ? kengo no . I be american . old woman but where be you from originally ? kengo here . I be american . I be bear here . old woman but ... you be japanese ? kengo no , I be chinese . I be a chinese american . with a japanese name . old woman that be very american . I be Polish . we do not have a Polish town but you have a Little Tokyo and a Chinatown . do you live there ? kengo no , I live in k -town . the old woman cock she head and give he a puzzle look . kengo Korea town . old woman oh , how confusing . kengo sort of fake laugh , humoring she . 69 . his cell phone ring . this panic he . he grab it and look at it . it say 's work . kengo ( under he breath ) shit ! he answer he phone . kengo ( quiet ) hello ? Glen ? he panic . kengo Sandra ?! everyone on the bus look at he because kengo just yelp she name . even the man look up from he paper for a moment . kengo and the man make eye for a brief second . the man look back at he read . kengo ( quieter ) I be really sorry . I can not believe what 's happen ... his phone start to beep , obnoxiously . he look at it . kengo oh , fuck , Sandra my battery be die . I be okay but something really ... his phone die . he close it and put it away . the Old woman laugh . kengo look down at she . she be asleep but once in a while , she laugh and smile . the bus pull onto the freeway . it look like it 's go somewhere far . 70 . kengo put he ipod on . he scroll though some music search for something that seem appropriately weighty enough for this situation . as he search for the right music he watch the man , look for a song that fit he vibe . he try several different song but everything seem trivial . then suddenly he find something . it 's strange and haunt . it could be the man 's theme song . note : arvo part ( something from litany ) , Brian eno and harold Budd ( something from the pearl ) would all have piece that would be great here . int . paradise apartment office - day Sandra slam down Glen 's office phone . sandra ( frustrated ) nothing ! she pace . Glen stand by the counter watch patiently . sandra sometimes I want to just ... split . she look over at he . sandra I feel like run away . vanish . then maybe he would ... she run out of word . she start to cry . sandra I be sorry . God , I be be such a stupid ... girl . Glen grab two small fold chair from behind the counter and a box of tissue . he unfold they . glen ( gently ) sit. 71 . Glen wait for Sandra to sit before he do . she grab a few tissue as Glen hold the box . sandra ( through she tear ) I would go to Mongolia on a trek . that 's one of the few place that have not be totally ... rape by western civilization . Glen smile . he just listen . sandra I could go live with the fuck nomad . they hear across this beautiful meadow that go on forever . she start to cry even harder . sandra they have this round tent and they all just share the same room ... Glen move a little closer to she and take she in he arm . she calm down . Glen sit back and take she hand and pat it . sandra ( calming ) I be sorry I say fuck . I be have a mouth like a garbage can . Glen laugh . Sandra do too . sandra I have never see you laugh . glen that be the first time . she laugh a little more . Sandra look at he like he be a whole new person . sandra why be he such a .... 72 . glen weirdo ? sandra exactly . totally . glen well . it 's very difficult to let people be who they be without let we expectation of they get in the way . sandra I be not try to change he . I just want he to be more ... she stop , realize what she be say . Glen smile . glen remember why you love he and why you first realize that you do . Sandra look off remember something specific . glen you fall in love with he because he 's ... a weirdo . Sandra laugh . glen all of the different part of he make he who he be . right now , he need all this part to be ... kengo . even when some of he make we crazy . they all fit together . Sandra nod . glen you two fit together . Glen 's eye tear up . Sandra see how sad he suddenly be . she take he hand and give it a kiss . sandra you be a weirdo too . 73. int . bus - late afternoon kengo steal look at the man . his hand , shoe , part of he face , mouth ... the man take some pill out of he pocket . he toss a pill into the back of he throat and swallow it dry . kengo swallow in unison . he look out the window see : ext . freeway - late afternoon ( kengo 's Pov ) a station wagon carry a family . a man drive while he wife be turn around in she seat yell at she son in the back seat . the little boy be cry . flash back - a three ( 3 ) year earlier int . kengo 's room - very early morning kengo 's room be similar but the object in the room be different - that of a young boy . he be in he mid-teen here . kengo sleep . suddenly the room start to shake violently . it 's a earthquake . a large one . kengo bolt upright in bed and watch the room shake . some of he thing fall off the shelf . from the other room we hear Evelyn scream . Evelyn come fly into the room nearly rip kengo 's door off its hinge in terror . she 's wear only she panty . kengo it 's okay ! it 's okay ! it 's just a earthquake . Evelyn fly across the room and land in bed with kengo . she grab onto he like he 's a life raft . evelyn ( scream ) it 's the big one ! this be it . the shaking stop but Evelyn will not let go of kengo . breast be squash against he . car alarm be go off . 74 . her kengo 's room be a wreck ( more then usual ) . most of the thing that be on the shelve be on the floor . kengo I do not think that be the big one , but it be a big one . kengo sit up and the bed move . Evelyn think it 's another earthquake . evelyn oh my God ! kengo Mom , it 's okay . that be I . he hug she , comforting she . kengo next time we should stand in the door jam . that 's what you be suppose to do . it 's the strongest part of the building . Evelyn be cry . evelyn I know people be hurt . people have die . I know it . kengo try to comfort she . kengo we be okay . ext STREET - morning Evelyn , in a rather revealing and fray nightgown , stand in front of they building . car alarm be still go off . and kengo 75 . kengo take photo of a fall street lamp that 's shattered on a suv . other people from the building be on the sidewalk too , and across the street . kengo put he arm around Evelyn to comfort she . a old woman from they building give they a dirty look , obviously appal by , what she deem they inappropriate intimacy . kengo stick he tongue out at she and wiggle it obscenely . the old woman could not be more horrify . kengo come on , let 's go back inside . the building 's fine . the traumatize old woman watch they retreat back into the building . int . kitchen - morning kengo pace as he dial the phone that 's tethere to the kitchen wall . he get a busy signal and dial again . it 's busy . kengo ( under he breath ) shit ! the electricity buzze back on and several light come on . int . live room - morning Evelyn sit on the couch very dishevel and scared , watch news about the earthquake on television . she have a blanket wrap around she . kengo come in from the kitchen carry a tray of tea . he sit down next to she and hand she a cup . 76 . kengo I keep try to call Sandra but it 's busy . Evelyn take the tea and grab kengo 's hand and hold on to it tightly . evelyn I be sure all the line be tie up . on the tv : footage of a fall building and a stretcher be load onto a ambulance . evelyn ( burst in to tear ) oh no ! no ! kengo rub she back . kengo it 's okay . evelyn no . it 's not okay . we have to do something . we have to help . CUT to : int . live room - day ( continued flashback ) Evelyn be on the phone organize with she Church people . evelyn I all pick you up . I have get some blanket here . what about can food ? non-perishables ? there 's a pile of clothing and other item ready to be donate to victim . kengo carry a sleep bag into the kitchen , add it to the pile . Evelyn hang up and go into a frenzy of activity prepare to go help the earthquake victim . 77 . evelyn ( empty a cabinet of food ) they be pick we up in half a hour . kengo ( calm , strong ) I be not go . evelyn what ? kengo I be not a believer , Mom . not anymore . Evelyn freeze she frantic gather . he walk over to she and place he hand on she shoulder . kengo I have not be for a long time and I have feel like ... I do not know ... today feel like a good time to tell you . Evelyn sit down on the floor and put she head in she hand . kengo I be sorry mom . I love you but I do not believe in you ... God . I be not go to pretend like it anymore . Evelyn start to cry . kengo come on Evelyn . do not be a martyr . she stand up walk to she room and close the door . int . evelyn ‘s room - day Evelyn lie on she bed and weep . kengo knock on the door and then walk into the room . he sit down on she bed . he hand she a box of tissue . she take they and blow she nose and rub she eye . 78 . evelyn I can not take more than one earthquake per day . kengo Evelyn ? he make sure he have she attention . this be serious . kengo I want you to tell I who my father be . Evelyn take a deep breath . evelyn ( automatically ) you father be up ... kengo ( strong and firm ) no Evelyn . the truth . Evelyn hide she face under a pillow . evelyn ( muffle , into the pillow ) no . kengo grab the pillow and pull it off she . he throw it across the room the . kengo ( firm but calm ) enough Mom . tell I . you can not hide this from I my whole life . i’1l never be able to believe in anything if you do . Evelyn be surprised by how self possess she boy suddenly be . the earthquake have crack the surface of he and a man be underneath . int . kitchen - morning ( continued flashback ) kengo and Evelyn sit at the kitchen table look at each other . they drink tea . 79 . Evelyn hold the army jacket we recognize as kengo 's , now . she carefully place it on the table like it 's a egg . kengo reach for it but Evelyn hold she hand up stop he . Evelyn get up and grab a small box she keep on the top of the refrigerator . she sit back down with it , take a cigarette and a book of match out and , light it . she take a big inhale and slowly exhales . kengo be a little shocked but he do not say anything . Evelyn take another big drag . she start to say something but then stop , only smoke come out of she mouth . kengo ( frustrated ) come on Evelyn . talk . Evelyn take another drag and exhales . evelyn ( slow , find the word ) I be live in a deep ... darkness in my teen year . my soul be in chaos . like a underwater volcano . she make a elaborate gesture express what a underwater volcano might look like . evelyn the true light be hide behind dark cloud . she add dramatic sound effect . kengo roll he eye . evelyn no. really , it 's the truth . I use to have ... disturbing thought . she take another drag of the cigarette . kengo what ... ' disturbing thought 's ? this be difficult to talk about with she son . 80. evelyn about death and thing . I demon . I ... see ... kengo get goose bump . he realize she be not make this up . evelyn I would try everything to make they just ... she throw she arm up as if the demon be in the room now . evelyn ( yell at the demon ) go away ! she take another drag of she cigarette and to kengo 's astonishment , blow out a couple of perfect smoke ring . evelyn I try everything . even lsd kengo be shocked . someone should throw a blanket over he . evelyn that make they worse . and so ... I have ... knowledge of ... she look away from he and then back . evelyn - several different man . without love . she stop and take a drag . it seem like she can not go on any further . she stare at the jacket . evelyn I do not want you to judge I , kengo . kengo ( try not sound horrify ) go on . 81. evelyn you know what it mean to have knowledge , do not you ? kengo roll he eye again . kengo yes . God , what century be we live in ? you be act like ... there be still a queen or something . I know what it be to have knowledge of ... someone . now , Evelyn 's a little shocked . she look at he , wonder if he really know what have knowledge mean . kengo press together the index finger and thumb on he hand , then stick he other finger through it a few time , clearly indicate sexual intercourse . Evelyn gasp and swat the offend gesture off kengo 's hand . kengo stop stalling . she take another drag of she cigarette . evelyn do you have knowledge of Sandra ? kengo blushes and try not to smile . then he shake it off . kengo Mom ... he use '' mom '' as a weapon of manipulation . kengo just tell I about my father . evelyn ( carefully , without emotion ) I get pregnant in the second year of high school . ( more ) 82 . evelyn ( cont would ) a friend of mine introduce I to a doctor who give I a abortion . she look at kengo for he reaction , make sure he be not too shocked at what she be tell he . then she continue . evelyn he be a very kind doctor . and handsome and pretty young , too ... for a doctor . kengo nod , encourage she along . evelyn after the ... procedure , he lecture to I about contraception . a helicopter fly over make she have to talk louder . evelyn ( in a deep man voice ) '' abortion be good neither for the body nor the spirit . '' that 's what he would say . I should also be careful about venereal disease , so I should always be sure to use a condom , and he give I a new box of they . Evelyn giggle at the memory . she take another drag , lose in the memory . she space out as the helicopter noise fade . kengo Mom ? Evelyn snap out of it . she look at kengo , remember again that he 's here . she continue she story . evelyn I tell he that I have condom but he tell I that the guy probably do not put they on right . kengo , you would be amaze at how few people know the right way to use they . 83 . kengo make a confuse face , wonder what people might do with condom , ' the wrong way 's . evelyn but I be not stupid and I be very careful about contraception . I mean , the minute we take we clothes off , I would be sure to put it on the penis ... ( she be suddenly embarrassed ) on the man ... myself . Evelyn do a little gesture miming put a condom on a man . kengo be a little gross out . he try not to let she see . evelyn you just can not trust man with anything like that . kengo nod , to get she to keep talk . evelyn kengo ? you know about condom , right ? kengo yes . totally . I carry they in my wallet . she stare at he . kengo go on ! come on ! evelyn well , two month later ... I get pregnant again . kengo Jesus ! Evelyn be self - conscious . embarrass , she look down . kengo ( gently , encourage ) sorry . go on . 84 . her cigarette help she have a little more courage . she take a big drag and blow more smoke ring . they be like little shield of smoke . evelyn I go back to the same doctor who I know I could trust and who I know would not tell my parent . he take one look at I and scold , '' I tell you to be careful . what be you think ? '' she get a little quieter now . she pick at a piece of lint on the army jacket . evelyn I could not stop cry . a siren grow louder and then fade again . evelyn he be so mad . I tell he I have use the condom and that I be very careful but he do not believe I . Evelyn suddenly be like a sad little girl . kengo move to try to comfort she but he do not know how and really want to hear about he father . kengo Mom ? tell I . please . evelyn the doctor be you father . be you father . kengo stop breathe . they sit in the silence wait for the consequence of this revelation , wait to see if the universe will come to and end . kengo finally take a breath . 85 . Evelyn let 's the gravity sink in then continue . evelyn about six month after my second abortion and after a series of weird event , I end up ... have knowledge of the doctor himself . he be about thirty at the time and I be sixteen . he be very handsome . Evelyn be try not to get emotional by pretend like she be talk about somebody else . evelyn he be still a bachelor . he be kind of boring to talk to , but we do not talk much . he be sweet . remember he and that time in she life , Evelyn smile . evelyn his right ear be ... kind of ... mangle . a lot of it be miss . he be a medic in viet nam but he say that 's not how it happen . a dog chew it off when he be a boy . he be just walk along the street one day and when a big black dog he have never see before jump up and bit he ear off . kengo oh , whatever . Evelyn be slightly startle back into the room from she memory . evelyn ( consistory ) I think it happen in the war . she carefully fold the army jacket . 86 . evelyn he use to say he be glad it be just he ear . he could live without a entire ear . Evelyn gently slide the jacket across the table , in front to kengo . kengo ( in awe ) this be he ? Evelyn suddenly start to cry . kengo pick it up and smell it . evelyn ( through she tear ) be with he help I ... get myself .... back . Evelyn take deep breath . kengo she 's how brave she be . evelyn when I be have ... knowledge of he , I manage not to think disturbing thought . I even get to like he ear . she reach over and trace she finger around kengo 's perfect ear . evelyn I think it be cute . Evelyn light another cigarette . evelyn he be so dedicated to he work . he would lecture I about the use of the condom while we be in bed . when to put it on and when to take it off . you think this would make for a foolproof contraception , but I end up pregnant again . 87 . kengo with I ? Evelyn nod slowly . outside , another siren scream past . kengo take this in . now he have even more question but he do not know where to start . Evelyn sense this and try to help out . evelyn he examine I and he be the one who tell I I be pregnant . he be really mad and say I have be cheating on he but it be not true . he be the only man I have be with for month . he get I pregnant . kengo do not you tell he that ? evelyn yeah , but he do not believe I . all my friend know he and we would go out together with they and they know that he be the only one I have be with . he just keep say , '' my contraceptive technique be beyond reproach , which mean you have have relation with another man . '' Evelyn shake she head . evelyn but I have not . I be devastate . I be so hurt . kengo I understand . I do not blame you . evelyn he call I a slut . he demand I get another abortion . but there be no way I could that again . 88 . kengo fight tear back . he put he hand on Evelyn 's hand . evelyn that be the last I ever see of he . she seem to helpless and venerable as she remember she past . evelyn ( quietly ) he never even call I ... or anything . kengo fucker . kengo pat she hand . evelyn it 's okay , Mom . evelyn when my parent find out they kick I out of the house . I be go to kill myself . I be go to drive to San Francisco and jump off the Golden Gate bridge . kengo I be glad you do not . evelyn Glen tabata find I cry , out wonder the street , and take I to the church shelter . without he , I would have die . kengo so , biologically speak , my father be that fuck obstetrician that you ... have knowledge of ? evelyn oh no , listen . this be not the whole truth . ( more ) 89 . evelyn ( cont would ) I take the most rigorous contraceptive measure and become pregnant . in fact , I become pregnant three time in a row . that 's not chance . kengo know what 's come . evelyn Three chance occurrence be not chance . the number three be none other than that which be use by we Lord for revelation . kengo sigh , exasperate . evelyn it be we Lord 's wish that I give birth to you . see , the doctor 's contraceptive method be absolutely foolproof . you father be the Lord . you come into this world not through carnal knowledge , but through a act of we Lord 's will . kengo oh God mom . they brainwash you . I be sure every mother want to think she son be the son of God but ... he stop know there 's no dissuad she from she faith . kengo do the doctor know that you have I ? evelyn I do not think so . I never see he again , he never contact I in any way . I be sure he have no idea . Evelyn look down at the box where she keep she cigarettes . she pull a tiny gold cross on a thin gold chain . 90 . evelyn this be he too . she hand it to kengo . he look at it like it 's a the miss piece of a ancient secret . he put it on . Evelyn get melancholy again and seem a million mile away . kengo Mom ? Evelyn consciousness come back into the room . evelyn yes , sweetie . kengo be I like he at all ? what do I get from he ? Evelyn look at he , consider he question . evelyn well , not he ear . she giggle and then cover she mouth . kengo what ? evelyn you big wee-wee . kengo be horrify . a little after-shock rattles the room and they both run to the doorway . back to the present int . bus - late afternoon kengo , lose in think and memory , stare off into the vast empty space of the valley outside the bus window . 91 . the old woman wake up and look up at kengo . she tap he leg , startling he . old woman you look very far away in a sad place . kengo look over at the man and look closer at he ear . kengo 's Pov a slow zoom into the man 's ear . it do look like it be chew off by a dog . kengo look back at the old woman . old woman whatever it be that be troubling you will be go . thing be always change . the woman hold she finger up as if to tell he to wait . she close she eye . she open they again . old woman see . thing be different now than they be a second ago . kengo smile . old woman there be only ever ... now . kengo be you physic ? the woman laugh . old woman no. just very old . so I know a little about time . like he 's be strike by lightning , kengo suddenly remember something . he unzip he backpack and take out he camera . kengo can I take you portrait ? 92 . old woman why , because I be such a relic ? you have never see anyone this old . kengo no , no , that 's not ... I think you have a great face . the old woman bat she eye like a Hollywood starlet . kengo laugh , take this as consent . old woman be that digital ? that 's all anyone ever say anymore . digital , digital , digital . the whole world be not make of one 's and zero . kengo no , this good old fashioned film . he crouch down , positioning himself so the old woman be in the foreground , and in the frame not far behind she , the man . the woman stare into he lens . kengo rack the focus to ... through the lens the old woman go out of focus and the man come into focus , perfectly . just as kengo press the shutter , the man stand up go partly out of frame . the camera make a whirling sound , rewind the film . that be the last photo on the roll . kengo ( in frustration ) oh. old woman what ? bad ? Ugly ? the man be get ready to get off at the next stop . 93 . kengo ( distracting , look at the man ) no . it 's great . that be the last shot . kengo ( to the old woman ) this be my stop . the old woman blow he a kiss as the bus slow . old woman remember ... it 's always right now . the door open and kengo follow the man off the bus . int . STREET - late afternoon the bus drive off , leave the two of they . power line buzz and crackle in the distance suspend by huge tower . this be mostly a industrial area but a new housing development be creep in . every few block between warehouse a old house remain , but not for long . the sun be low and the few cloud be beginning to take on a orange tint . the man walk slowly along the barren street . kengo quietly follow half a block behind he . they be the only people on the street and seem like they be the only one leave on the planet . a cold dry desert wind blow litter down the street . a fast food wrapper , wrap around kengo 's shin . he have to shake he leg violently to get it off . as kengo pass a junk - yard , a furious dog run at he fling itself against the fence bark ferociously at kengo . the dog do not bark at the man . kengo be startle and even more adrenaline pump through he . he walk on , he heart pound . 94 . the only sound now be the man 's shoe rhythmically tapping against the side walk . it 's oddly hypnotic . kengo 's practice he silent ninja walk . ext . field - late afternoon wide two giant electrical tower hold up power line rise out of the field of dead grass and dumped garbage . the power line buzz loudly like a swarm of giant insect . the man and kengo be like ant as they make they way across the buzzing field . kengo remain at a safe distance but make sure he keep the man in view . on kengo he walk with determine trepidation as if he about to discover a new continent or the secret identity of a spy . kengo ( whisper , barely audible ) be you my father ? he take a deep breath . kengo ( just slightly louder ) be you my father ? he take another deep breath . kengo ( as loud as he can without the man hearing ) be you my one - ear father ? kengo take a deep breath . 95 . kengo ( yell as loud as he can ) hey ! the man stop and turn to look . kengo duck down , hide in the grass . the man just see a empty field . he take a few step back toward where kengo be hide . on kengo : crouch in the tall grass he heart beat wildly , he hear the man walk toward he . the man look around and then turn and keep walk . ext . field - late afternoon the man leave the field and walk around the corner of a building . kengo pop up and run as fast as he can to catch up . ext . STREET - late afternoon the man , he shoe click walk along . kengo appear behind he . they continue walk through the industrial wasteland of this part of town . on kengo kengo ( quietly ) if you be my father , you will know I be here . kengo close he eye concentrate . he continue walk . kengo ( quiet , plead ) turn around and see I . 96 . kengo open he eye . the man do not turn around . kengo close he eye again . kengo if you be my father ... he stumble off the curb . he open he eye . kengo come on . I be part of you . kengo 's eye fill with tear . he desperately need this man to turn around and acknowledge kengo he . ( a touch of anger ) I be from you . turn around . kengo stop walk and concentrate hard . he touch the cross around he neck . on the man : the man slowly turn around so man' Pov kengo : eye shut , reach for who be this bizarre , seemingly gesticulate and genuflect on the man the man slowly turn and walk the assault . close on kengo : kengo keep he eye squeeze shut squeezing out tear . kengo ( like a prayer ) be you my father ? see kengo . the sky . possess street kid , to the sky ? on , he shoe click against as tight as possible , he raise he arm up in the air as a answer he need . kengo see I . 97 . conduit to receive the he put he arm down and slowly open he eye . kengo' Pov the street be empty . the man be go . kengo panic . he run up the street . kengo ( yell ) hey ! kengo come to a alley too narrow to kengo stop . he listen and faintly but distinctly echoing from somewhere down the alley . he walk run down the long alley . in the alley - very late afternoon kengo run a few step then stop and utter silence except for the wind . drive a car down . hear the man shoe listen again . kengo run as fast as he can and come around the corner to ... ext . baseball diamond - dusk this be the same dusty baseball diamond we see at the beginning of the script : Long neglect , surround by a rusty chain -link fence , weed grow on the pitcher 's mound , the dilapidate dugout , tag with layer of graffiti , discard spray paint can lay under the bleacher , the burnt its wheel . and rusted car miss 98 . kengo run into the diamond and stop . kengo ( yell ) hey ! hello ! there be only a slight echo . kengo ( yell ) bastard ! still nothing . kengo ( not yell ) Fucking bastard . where do you go ? he listen of a answer . again just the wind . kengo I be the bastard . kengo kick a empty spray paint can . the can bounce through the dirt . he walk over to the batter car and look inside . kengo 's Pov inside the car the seat be rip up and there be several syringe lay on they . a use condom be drape over the steering wheel . kengo walk away from the car back to top of the pitcher 's mound . he look up at the sky . the sky : it 's nearly dusk and the sky be turn incredible shade of pink and orange . 99 . on kengo : kengo turn in a full circle surveying the area . he walk into the dugout . the dugout 's wall be amazingly colorful , cover with graffiti and spray paint art . a lot of it be people 's name and gang tag - where they be from name , name of couple ... a few political slogan . one read '' USA lies . '' kengo walk over and pick up the can of spray paint . he shake it then hold he hand out and spray . the very last bit of red pant weekly spurt onto kengo 's hand . he throw the can as hard as he can . it clang loudly against the car . kengo walk over to the wall and press he hand against it . he bang he fist on top of he hand make sure it 's press against the wall hard . satisfied he gently remove he hand . he back up admire he work . on the wall : kengo 's fresh , bright red hand print shimmer among the older graffiti . the newest piece in year and layer of paint . on the field : kengo walk out into the field and sit down . he lie on he back and look up at the sky . kengo' Pov in stark contrast to kengo 's terrestrial surround , the sky be beautiful , in the full blush of a amazing sunset . Orange and pink cloud streak through the sky . a jet a mile up leave a contrail that turn orange . it engine make a distinct static roar . above kengo ( sky 's Pov ? ) we float above the field look down at kengo stretch out on he back look up at the sky . we descend towards he . 100 . as we reach he he raise he arm up and open he hand against the sunset sky . kengo' Pov he hold he hand together like a frame . he make the sound of a picture be take . kengo reach into he pocket and pull out he ipod and turn it on . he find the right music to look at the sky with . something ambient and atmospheric but delicate . kengo get tired of the song and look at the sky . he jump up and change the music to something with a faster tempo . kengo start to dance along to the music . it 's he trademark flap frog-like dance . it 's weird and jerky . we swirl around he as he flap along to the music . suddenly the music stop . kengo stop dance and check out he ipod . he bang it on he hand . the battery be dead . wide on the baseball diamond kengo stand on top of the pitcher mound softly hum . the wind pick up as the sun set . kengo stop hum and listen . a guest of wind clang the chain link fence make a strange rhythm . kengo move to the weird clang of the fence . he star to hum again , a little louder . he start move a little more , sway back and forth then a little faster . he spin around and jump in the air . 101 . his movement evolve slowly into a dance . there be a little bit of he frog movement but they diminish as he movement become more and more fluid . the fence clang , the wind blow , a distant siren howl , kengo dance along . angle on the field kengo run to one side of the lot and do some dance then to the other side . he run around the baseball diamond follow where the basis would be , a imaginary home run . after home base , he run to the abandon car and jump on the roof . on the roof of the car he go wild , dance and jump with unprecedented grace , at least for he . he rip he shirt off and wave it around like a flag before throw it down . he take he pants off and whip they through the air . he continue dance but now it 's take on a almost religious feel . kengo be in the middle of some huge personal ritual . he be sweat and move wildly dance to he own music . he be purging something deep from inside he . kengo leap off the car and run back to the pitcher 's mound . his dance crescendos in a flurry of wild movement and then , kengo collapse onto the ground , hyperventilate . angle - above the baseball diamond the light have drain from the sky and the world have take on a bluish color . kengo lie on the pitcher 's mound catch he breath . we slowly float down to he . there be a strange sorrowful compliance in he . he sigh a long sigh and then take the deep of breath . kengo oh , god. 102 . a large gust of wind whistle hauntingly through the rusty chain - link fence like it 's answer he . kengo start to cry . the last light of the day drain from the sky . slow dissolve to ... int . bus - night kengo ride the bus . it 's dark outside and the fluorescent light in the bus be bright . there be only a few other passenger . they all ride in silence . slow dissolve to ... int . subway platform - night kengo get off the subway at vermont and wilshire and ride the very long escalator up to street level . slow dissolve to ... ext . wilshire bloulvard - night it 's raining lightly and the street be slick , reflect the headlight of the traffic . fog have roll in and the streetlight radiate a eerie glow . kengo walk along the sidewalk slowly and contemplatively as Korea town swirl around he . a old man sell flower from a little kiosk . kengo stop at the flower stand . the homeless man with the american flag on he shopping cart walk by , sing the Star spangle Banner . the Star spangle Banner echoe , slowly dissolve over ... ext . SMALL house - night this mid-century house in a suburban neighborhood be just on the edge of k - town . 103 . kengo walk across the street and stop in front of the house . he hold a small bouquet of daisy . kengo make a loud chirp . his signal to Sandra . there be no response so he chirp again . still nothing . kengo ( loud whisper ) Sandra . a light in the house go on . a man , 5us ( Sandra 's father ) open the front door . he stare at kengo . Sandra be obviously not home . kengo walk away . int . kengo and evelyn 's apt . - night kengo quietly open up the front door . he carry the bouquet of daisy . he step into the hall , try not to make the floor creak . it 's like a mine field but he 's well practice at maneuver through it . if Evelyn be sleep , he do not want to wake she . Music begin play from the live room . it 's haunt and beautiful . maybe traditionally asian . ext . STREET - night Sandra drive she volvo up to the front of kengo 's building . she be wear kengo 's hat . she take a hand off the wheel to honk the horn but stop herself . she turn the ignite off and sit there for a moment in the quiet . she take a tissue from the dashboard and blow she nose . ext . STREET - night Sandra get out of she car . she stare up at kengo 's building . her eye be puffy from cry . int . kengo and evelyn 's apt . - night kengo walk down the hall forget to close the front door . 104 . kengo' Pov float towards the live room and the source of the music . slowly we round the doorway revealing ... int . live room - night Evelyn , dance slowly around the room to the music . she be dress in a beautiful silk nightgown , seem to almost defy gravity with she grace , totally uninhabited . kengo set the daisy down next to the record player . he lean against the door and watch Evelyn , hypnotise . her dance be almost mournful . Evelyn turn and see kengo . she smile at he , dance slowly , use the whole room as she stage . kengo start to sway to the music . he step into the room and dance slowly in place . Evelyn reach she arm out invite kengo to dance with she . kengo smile and push himself off the wall , toward she . Evelyn embrace kengo and they begin to dance together , around the room . Sandra quietly step into the doorway , peer into the live room . kengo 's red ski hat be in she hand . kengo see Sandra over Evelyn 's shoulder and keep Evelyn 's back to Sandra , he look at she . he can see she 's be cry . Sandra watch kengo and Evelyn 's intimate dance . the hat slip out of she hand . kengo gently take Evelyn 's hand from himself and step out of she embrace . Evelyn turn and see Sandra . she stop dance . kengo walk across the room toward Sandra . he pick he hat up from the floor and place it on Sandra 's head . kengo reach he hand out to Sandra . 105 . Sandra take a small hesitant step towards kengo and he take she in he arm and guide she into the room . kengo lead she , gracefully into he dance . they use the full space of the room , move through it effortlessly . Evelyn take a step back and watch . Sandra close she eye and hug kengo , harder . the tension in she face relax . they press they body together , tightly . Evelyn turn away and dance slowly in she corner of the room , she back to kengo and Sandra . freeze Frame . the music continue . fade out . the end epilogue - over the end credit kengo 's music . under the end credit we fade up to : the photo kengo take on the bus . the old woman be blurry but we can tell she be smile . behind she , the man be stand . his head be almost completely out of frame . we can not see he eye , nose or any of he face . but we can see the bottom of he profile , and as we slowly zoom in , he ear . fade out .