all the king be men written by Robert rossen base on the novel by Robert Penn Warren shoot draft 1949 Interior : Jack burden 's desk , the Chronicle , Day Jack burden be look over the morning edition of " the Chronicle . " he read the society page . a man enter and lean across he desk . man burden ! Jack burden ! the boss want to see you . he fold he paper , rise , and walk by the press into madison 's office . Interior : madison 's Office , Day madison , the city editor , be correct copy at he desk . madison hey , Jack , ever hear of a fellow call Willie Stark ? jack no . who would he shoot ? madison oh , county ... uh ... treasurer , or something like that . jack what 's so special about he ? madison they say he 's a honest man . what I want you to do be to hop into you car ... jack why , you promise I a vacation . madison well , that can wait . jack yeah ... but there 's a ... a girl I know . he open he newspaper to the society page and show madison a photograph of Anne stanton . madison oh ... well , she can wait too . Jack take the paper back and look at it . jack the question be ... can I ? madison the answer be ... get up there . jack right. ( start to go ) oh ... uh ... what do you say he name be ? madison who ? jack the fellow 's name . madison oh , the ... uh ... Stark ... Willie Stark . madison go on with he work . jack ( as he leave ) Willie Stark ... dissolve to : exterior : kanoma City , Day as Jack burden 's jalopy pull up before the kanoma County courthouse of this back - country , one - street small town . jack ( voice over ) I find he in kanoma City . a typical , hot , dusty , backwood county seat . he get out of the car , and notice a crowd of people gather around a platform in the town square . as he walk over the begin to hear the word that Willie Stark be speak . willie ...to lie to they in order to line they own dirty pocket with the taxpayer ' money . when have the citizen of kanoma County ever witness a campaign like this ? why be the opposition so anxious to defeat I ? why have they use every dirty method know to make sure I be not elect county treasurer ? well , I will tell you why ... a man in shirt sleeve and suspender , tiny duffy , come out of the local poolroom , listen for a moment to Willie 's speech , and signal to two uniform man to go over and break up the gather . Jack burden stand close to the platform , next to Willie 's son , Tom , who wait patiently to distribute handbills . willie ... because they be afraid of the truth ... and the truth be this . they be try to steal you money . yeah , I say steal . the county commissioner reject the bid on the schoolhouse . why ? well , they will tell you they reason be the job will be do better . the county commissioner would have you believe that they be interested in public welfare . they be interested in welfare , sure . but it 's they own . let 's look at the reason in the light of the fact and the figure . that brick factory be own by one of the commissioner . that same brick factory use convict labor . the sheriff and he deputy push through the crowd . sheriff sorry , Willie , you will have to move on . willie why ? sheriff City ordinance number one - oh - five : more than five people congregate be disturbing the peace . willie ( ignore he ) if you folk will be so kind as to read this handbills , my boy will pass they out among you . sheriff there 's a ordinance against that too . willie ( he face grim ) pass them out , Tom . the sheriff push Tom back , grab the handbills out of he hand . Willie jump down off the platform . willie let he alone ! the sheriff collar Willie , then notice Jack on the platform snap a picture . sheriff ( to deputy ) get that camera ! Willie , you be under arrest . he take Willie by the arm and lead he away . the crowd follow they to the courthouse . tiny duffy wipe the sweat off he neck and go back into the poolroom . dissolve to : Interior : kanoma City poolroom , Day two of duffy 's man , pillsbury and a local commissioner , be play pool as Jack enter . jack where can I find tiny duffy ? pillsbury right over there , mister . he walk over to duffy . some townspeople , who follow he there , gather around he to listen . jack uh , they tell I I could get my camera back here . duffy who tell you that ? jack people . can I ? duffy you the reporter that 's be snoopin ' around town ? jack be you tiny duffy ? duffy what paper ? jack Chronicle . duffy you sure come a long way to stick you nose into other people 's business . jack that 's true ... only my boss on the paper can not see it that way . duffy it be not any of he business either . jack whose business be it ? pillsbury they as be tendin ' to it . County commissioner that the voter of kanoma County elect to tend to they business and not take no buttin ' in from nobody . jack you a commissioner ? pillsbury yeah . name 's pillsbury . dolph pillsbury . 2 nd commissioner I too . I be a commissioner too . jack who be not a commissioner ? duffy he 's the head man . jack ( to pillsbury ) then you be in a position to know where -- duffy he 's in a position to know nothin' . and to say nothin' . jack I think you say he be head man ? duffy ( smile ) he use my head . pillsbury ( laugh loudly ) oh , tiny , you be a card ... ai not he a card ? yeah , he 's a card ... now , who think up that city ordinance about arrest someone for make a speech ? duffy who 's arrest ? nobody 's be arrest . ( look toward the door ) hi , Willie . Willie enter , accompany by the sheriff and he deputy . the other in the room , include sugar Boy in he bartender 's apron , step aside to let he pass through . pillsbury hi , Willie . duffy ( to sheriff ) do you apologize to Willie ? sheriff ( mumble ) yeah , I apologize to Willie . duffy do you give he he handbills back ? sheriff yeah , I give them back . duffy give he back he flag and he bag and ... ( point to Jack ) give this man he camera . willie I be go to be on that same street corner tomorrow , Mr. duffy . duffy you go right ahead , Willie . we all believe in free speech . we get to ... it 's in the constitution . willie my boy be out distribute that handbills now . duffy it 's a free country , Willie . if you can convince the people to vote for you ... you go right ahead . willie what do you want to see I about , Mr. duffy ? duffy I want you to meet a fella come all the way up from the state capital to meet you . a reporter . want to write you up ... maybe put you picture in the paper . willie ( turn to Jack ) I be happy to know you , sir . jack burden 's my name ... Jack burden . can we go somewhere where we can talk ? duffy now that be not polite . do not you want to hear both side of the story ? Jack examine the camera that have just be return to he . jack I know you side . ( find the plate miss ) what happen to the plate you man take from my camera ? duffy must have drop out . oh , come on , fella , let 's relax . it 's a hot day ... hey , sugar Boy ... sugar boy yeah ? duffy bring some cold beer for the boy . willie none for I , thank you kindly . pillsbury now you know Willie do not drink , tiny . his wife do not favor drink . and Willie 's the teacher 's pet , be not you , Willie ? willie I will have some orange pop if you do not mind . duffy roar with laughter . duffy Orange pop ! all right , sugar Boy . bring he some orange pop . sugar boy ( stutter ) th-th - the p-p-pop 's s-s-sold out . duffy do you hear that , boy ? the p-p - pop 's s-s- sell out . they all laugh . pillsbury now be not he a card ? willie ( he face hard ) he stutter , Mr. duffy , but you ... you do not say anything . ( to Jack ) let 's go , mister . they turn and go out . dissolve to : exterior : dirt Road , Day Jack be drive Willie home to he farmhouse . they pass a farmer and he family walk by the side of the road . Willie smile and wave to they . exterior : Stark farmhouse , Day as the car pull into the drive we see pa Stark in he rock chair on the porch , and Lucy , who stand at the top of the step , wait to welcome Willie . willie ( as they go up the step ) this be my wife , Lucy , Mr. burden . jack and lucy how do you do ? willie that 's my pa . Jack reach out to shake he hand . dissolve to : Interior : Stark farmhouse , night Willie finish chew he food , pat he mouth with a napkin , and push he plate back . willie now we will talk . camera pull back to include Jack , Lucy , and pa , all seat around the dinner table . jack you have be talk for a long time , Mr. Stark . pappy Willie 's get a lot to say . lucy you sleepy , pappy ? you want to have a nap ? pappy no , I want to hear it . Lucy get up and turn on a light in the kitchen . lucy I be worried about Tom . it 's get dark . he should have be home . willie he 's a strong boy . do not worry about he . he can take care of himself . jack how old be the boy ? willie Fifteen . jack how long have you be marry ? willie nine year . Willie grin at Jack 's look of surprise . Lucy come back into the room . lucy ( laugh ) he be a neighbor 's boy . they be poor folk . both die . I could not have any child , so ... he 's a good boy . willie oh , he 's the best . I could not love he any more if he be my own flesh and blood . jack ( to Lucy ) and now you , Mrs. Stark ? lucy oh , there be not very much to tell about I . jack how do you meet ? lucy I be teach school and one day a pupil walk in . it be Willie . I could not have a grow man in the class and Willie want to learn so badly ... so I marry he . jack be that the only reason ? lucy ( press Willie 's arm ) except that I love he . willie get the coffee , Lucy . she go back into the kitchen . jack when do they fire you , Mrs. Stark ? lucy ( as she serve the coffee ) a couple of week ago . I would be teach for a long time and nobody ever say I be not all right . but I do not care . I do not want to teach in a schoolhouse that they build just so somebody can steal some money . and Willie do not want to be treasurer , either , if he have to associate with that dishonest people . willie ( glumly ) I be go to run . they can not keep I from run . jack if you do not mind the truth , Mr. Stark , you have not much of a chance . willie I be go to run . they be not go to kick I around like I be dirt . lucy I do not care if Willie lose ... just so he get the truth to the people . be not that true , Willie ? Willie be silent . Jack look at he . lucy be not it , Willie ? willie hmmm ?... yeah , yeah , sure , that 's right . lucy well , if you lose you can give a little more time to study you law book . jack oh , you study law too ? willie by myself , at night . pappy Willie 's a smart boy . willie if I ever find the time I be go to take a course at the university . the door open slowly and Tom come in from the porch . his clothes be tear and he face be dirty and bloody . he still carry some of the handbills . they rise to they foot and cluster around he . lucy what happen , Tommy boy ? what 's the matter ? tom ( head down , mutter ) I give out the handbills , pa. willie speak up . speak up . lucy let he tell it he own way . go on , Tommy . tom this time they be wait for I . they take they away from I . threw they in the dirt and beat I up . I bring some of they back . willie ( pat he on the back ) good boy . have you eat yet , Tom ? lucy let he wash up first . as Tom and pappy go into the other room , a rock come crash through the front window , shatter the glass . Willie , he face fill with anger , throw open the door and stalk out onto the porch . Jack stand at the door , watch Willie shout into the darkness around he . willie I be go to run ... and you be not go to stop I . I be gonna run even if I do not get a single vote . fade out fade in : Interior : Jack burden 's desk , Day Jack 's finger type out a story , the last line of which read " a honest man with courage . " he pull the sheet out and hand it to madison . jack here you be ... the last of the Willie Stark article . now can I go ? madison yes . you have earn you vacation . you have be write this like you really mean they . Jack rise and walk toward the door . jack I do . dissolve to : exterior : ferry to burden 's landing , Day Jack 's car be ferried across the bay to the slip of burden 's landing . jack ( voice over ) I have not be home in a long time . only a hundred and thirty mile from kanoma City . it be separate from the mainland by a body of water . for the first time I wonder if it be not separate by more than that . dissolve to : exterior : Mrs. burden 's Home , Day as Jack arrive , Mrs. burden and she husband , mcevoy , be seat at a lawn table near the boat landing . jack hello , mother . she run forward to meet he . mrs . burden floyd , Jack 's home . oh , he look fine ... do not he look fine ? ( to Jack , coquettishly ) how do I look , Jackie boy ? jack you look beautiful , mother . mrs . burden I have get so many thing plan for you ... party and ... it will be just like old time . but first , let 's have a drink . mcevoy can not that wait until this evening ? she go ahead and pour the drink . mrs . burden floyd ... honey ... my son 's home . mcevoy how long do you plan on stay ? jack ( coldly ) two or three week . if that 's all right with you . mrs . burden I be sure you father would be -- jack stepfather , mother . mrs . burden ( reproachfully ) now , Jackie ... here we all be . floyd , Jackie , myself . ( raise she glass for a toast ) to the best time we have ever have together . jack yes , mother . they drink . Mrs. burden gulp hers down avidly . Jack look at she and then at mcevoy . jack Excuse I ... I ... he turn and walk back toward the shore . he board a small motorboat and head toward a house that can be see across the water . dissolve to : exterior : stanton Home ( burden 's landing ) , Day as the boat approach the shore . Adam stanton reach down and pull the boat up on land . he throw he arm around Jack , and the two climb the hill toward judge stanton , who stand wait to greet he . jack Dr. stanton , I presume . stanton ( laugh ) be my shingle show ? judge good to see you , boy . very good . jack good to see you , judge . how have you be ? what have you be do ? they walk back together to the patio table . judge oh , just sit here ... wait for all of you to come home . you know , when a man start to get old he eye stray and play funny trick on he . as I watch you in that boat I think sure I see a boy of twelve with a fishing rod in he hand . and I be sure the first thing he would say would be ... Jack catch sight of Anne stanton walk down the path . he run to meet she . as they embrace , he look back at the judge . jack do you mind if I kiss you niece , sir ? he kiss she , and they turn and walk away . dissolve to : exterior : tennis Court ( burden 's landing ) , Day Anne gracefully return a ball to Jack , then run to embrace he at the net . Adam , seat near the court , smile approvingly . dissolve to : exterior : Gulf ( burden 's landing ) , Morning Jack and judge stanton in a rowboat , on they way to do some duck hunt . dissolve to : exterior : Gulf ( burden 's landing ) , Day Adam be at the wheel of he sailboat , with Jack and Anne behind he . dissolve to : Interior : stanton live room ( burden 's landing ) , night a party in the stanton live room . Adam play the piano . he play a waltz . Jack and Anne hold each other tightly as they move among the other couple . dissolve to : Interior : burden dining room , night a formal dinner , attend by Jack and Anne , Mrs. burden and mcevoy , judge stanton and Adam . Mrs. burden be propose a toast . mrs . burden to all the good time we have have together at burden 's landing . and especially to this one . because my son 's home . jack thank you , mother . thank you very much . mrs . burden monty , Anne and I have be discuss Jack 's career . what do you think he ought to go in for ? shall he be a lawyer , doctor ... Jack look at Anne . anne we be just discuss whether you should ... jack ( to he mother ) I like what I be do , mother . mcevoy you do very well at it . I read you article about this fellow ... Willie Stark . very convincing ... too convincing for my taste . jack a lot of people like they . mcevoy a lot of people be fool . articles like that should not be permit . they only tend to incite people . jack what be you afraid of ? stanton I think they be very good . I be proud of you , Jack . I be particularly interested in Stark 's idea on health and medicine . you know the condition at the hospital I work in . they be intolerable . I would like to meet this Willie Stark . he sound like a honest man . mcevoy honest man ? this state be full of this log-cabin abe lincoln with price tag on they . the louder he yell the higher he price . jack you think you can buy anything , do not you ? mcevoy yes , do not you ? there be a silence . then mcevoy turn to the judge . mcevoy what do you think , judge ? judge I think this state could stand a few change . mcevoy ( he face white ) well , I will tell you what I think -- anne ( quickly ) oh , please ... let 's not talk politics . mrs . burden Anne be right . I absolutely forbid any more of it . I know what we need , we need another toast . ( to the judge ) you propose it , monty ... you be so good at it . the judge pick up he glass and stand up . judge to the young people ... to Anne , to Jack , to Adam ... to what lie before they . to the world they will make ... in spite of the mistake we have make . mcevoy ( rise ) the mistake you have make , not I . you be all still pretty high and mighty , be not you ? you all think this state need a change . you do not like the way it 's run . well , who 's go to run it ? Willie Stark ? the judge ? ( to Jack ) you ? you can be buy too . as a matter of fact you have be . and with my money . Jack 's answer be to throw he liquor in he stepfather 's face . there be a pause . mcevoy wipe the liquor off with he handkerchief . mcevoy ( slowly ) that 's a waste of good liquor . ( look at Mrs. burden ) you mother would not approve . Jack turn and leave the room . mrs . burden Jack ... she hurry after he . exterior : veranda , night as Mrs. burden come out after Jack . Anne stand in the doorway . mrs . burden Jack ... you go back in and apologize . jack apologize ? I would rather die . mrs . burden I have get to live with he . jack well , I do not . neither do you . you do not love he , mother . you never do . mrs . burden Son , do not spoil anything now ... he can help you . jack I can get along without he . you need this house . and the party . and the car and the clothes and the lie . I do not . it 's the truth , mother , face it . for once in you life , face it . Mrs. burden appeal to Anne . mrs . burden Anne , please ... please make he understand . Anne say nothing . Mrs. burden go back into the house . dissolve to : Interior : stanton live room , night Anne and Jack sit alone in the room , beneath the portrait of the old Governor stanton . jack Anne , burden 's landing be a place on the moon . it be not real . it do not exist . it 's I pretend I live on what I earn . it 's my mother try to keep herself young , and drink herself old do it . it 's you and Adam live in this house as though you father be still alive . it 's a old man like the judge dream of the past ... Anne , come away with I . anne and do what ? jack ( rise impatiently ) and live in a shack and eat red bean . Anne , what do you want I to do ? anne oh , Jack , Jack , you have not be sure . you have go from one thing to the other ... a year at law school , and now this job as a reporter ... jack be you afraid I can not make a live ? anne oh , no , Jack , it be not that . I do not care about the money . it ... it 's just that I ... I want you to be something . jack what be it you want I to be ? anne I do not know . it 's just that I want you to be ... to do ... something important . Jack look up at the portrait of Governor stanton . jack like you father . all right . I will run for governor . ( pause ) Anne , I be sorry . I be sorry I say that . anne all right , Jack . I will go away with you . I will do anything you want I to do . they kiss . jack Anne , I have want you to say that more than anything in the world , and now that you have say it ... Anne , I guess you be right . I be not sure of anything , include myself . I be not sure I could live up to the ... ( look again at the portrait ) Anne , wait for I . please wait for I . anne I will wait for you . dissolve to : Interior : madison 's Office , Day madison be at he desk as Jack enter . madison hello , Jack . cut you vacation short , do not you ? jack yeah . madison by the way , Jack , the fellow you write the article about ... uh ... Stark . jack yeah ? madison he lose . jack well , I guess that 's the end of Willie Stark . he turn around and walk off toward he desk . fade out fade in : Interior : Stark farmhouse , night Lucy and Willie be seat together at the table . Willie have he law book open before he . willie ... measure of the damage be cause by ... lucy ( prompt ) a breach ... willie a breach ... lucy of a agreement ... willie of a agreement ... lucy to sell personal property ... willie to sell ... ( slam the book shut ) oh , two year of this . lucy ( lean over to he ) oh , go on , Willie , go on . he open the book again . dissolve to : Interior : Willie 's Law Office ( kanoma City ) , Day Willie position the frame diploma on the wall . the camera pull back to show Tom and Lucy , look on . willie Willie Stark ... bachelor of Law ... dissolve to : exterior : kanoma City farm , Day Close shot of Willie , talk to a farmer . willie if you will just let I take you case ... dissolve to : exterior : farm , Day Willie walk beside a farmer who be plow he field . willie really , I will wait for my fee . just as long as you want I to . dissolve to : Interior : Willie 's Law Office , night through the window , on which be print " Willie Stark : Attorney at Law , " we see Willie , alone , pace back and forth in he office . lucy voice go on , Willie , go on . willie' voice they be not go to kick I around like I be dirt . lucy voice if you lose you can give a little more time study you law book . willie' voice I be go to be on that same street corner tomorrow , Mr. duffy ! duffy' voice by all mean . free speech , free country , Willie . willie' voice that brick factory be own by a brother - in - law of one of the commissioner . the county commissioner reject the low bid on the schoolhouse . Willie crumple a piece of paper in he hand and toss it against the window . dissolve to : exterior : schoolhouse ( kanoma City ) , Day a plaque on the school wall read kanoma CITY grammar school Interior : schoolroom , Day teacher face she class . the clanging of a fire bell be hear . teacher all right , child , this be a fire drill . the child rise and start to march out of the room in double file . teacher remember now , walk quietly . exterior : schoolhouse , Day the child 's foot , as they climb down the fire escape . camera pan past child to a iron rod support the fire escape . the brick around the rod start to crumble and it rip loose . the child scream out in fear and agony . dissolve to : exterior : Cemetery , Day the whole town be there . Willie Stark , Lucy , Tom stand modestly in the background . quiet sobbing be hear as the minister read from the Bible . when he finish the prayer , he walk past the line of mourner , shaking they hand . the ceremony be over . as they start to go , a man spot Willie , go over to he , and lift Willie 's arm in the air . man oh , Lord , I be punish for voting against a honest man . this sudden action bring response ; woman begin to cry and people push they way forward to grab Willie by the hand . voice of the mourner God bless you , Willie . if we have only listen to you , Willie . you be right , Willie . let I shake you hand , Willie . we should have listen , Willie . you be right all the time . on Willie 's face be the realization that something important have happen to he . dissolve to : Interior : Stark farmhouse , night a article be paste in a scrapbook . it read : " voice in the wilderness . Recent school tragedy be a potent reminder that a man name Willie Stark ... " a hand draw a pencil underneath the name . willie' voice a voice in the wilderness . a man name Willie Stark ... camera pull back to show Willie at the table busy with he scrapbook . he look up at Lucy . willie how about that , Lucy , that 's I . she look at he , unsmile , and sit down to help he clip various article from other papers . dissolve to : Interior : Stark farmhouse , night a series of clipping be be paste in the scrapbook . they read : A. school victims sue county : stark file damage suit " will prove graft cause of tragedy , " say Attorney Stark . B. citizen committee formed draft Stark to lead fight to rid state of graft . c. citizen committee demand state -wide investigation D. large photograph of Willie . under it , the caption : rural area in revolt dissolve to : Interior : madison 's Office , the Chronicle , Day the clipping be spread out on madison 's desk . he look up at Jack . madison get up there . get up there fast . you friend , Willie , be hotter than a firecracker . Jack start toward the door . madison stay there with he . dissolve to : Interior : Harrison 's political headquarters ( State Capital ) , Day a politician point to a map on the wall . politician look , before this kanoma City business we have this whole area tie up . now we be lose to hickville . camera pull back , revealing the candidate , Harrison , tiny duffy , and a woman , sadie burke . politician we must find a way to split that vote . harrison well , all I know be , the way it be now it look like I be not go to win . politician I know a way ... find a dummy . sadie find a dummy . ( look at Harrison ) that 's what we have get . politician a guy from the stick ... strong enough to grab some vote and dumb enough not to ask question . duffy if you want to listen to a boy from the stick , I know just the guy . they crowd around to listen . dissolve to : Interior : Stark farmhouse , Day Jack sit at the dinner table , with Willie and Lucy . Tom stand next to Willie . pappy doze in he chair . jack no more politics , eh , Willie ? willie no , I work too hard in my time to get there . I think I will just go on practice law and make a little more money . jack the question I would like to know be , why all the speech you be make around the countryside ? Willie be about to answer when he hear the sound of approach car . willie wonder who that be ? he go to the window , and we see a big black limousine turn into he drive . he open the door and wait as sadie , duffy , dolph pillsbury , and other politician climb the step to meet he . duffy bring some people all the way up from the state capital just to meet you . ( turn to other ) folk , I want you to meet Willie Stark , the next governor of we state . Willie , Lucy , and Tom beam happily . Jack look skeptically at sadie , whose only reaction be to smile , politely . dissolve to : exterior : country Road , Day Close shot of three poster on a billboard . they read elect joe harrison ( happy joe ) governor for governor elect mcmurphy willie stark for governor . the camera pan to the road , where a old model T come bounce along . as it pass we see a poster stick on its back : willie stark -- governor . exterior : railroad Station , Day Willie Stark walk out on the platform at the rear of the train and talk to some of the townspeople who have gather at the station . willie folk , if you will just bear patiently with I for a couple of minute , I would like to tell you what this state need . it need a balanced tax program . now I would like to give you the fact and the figure . some of the townspeople start to move away . dissolve to : Interior : train , Day as the train pull away from the station , Willie turn around to Jack . willie how do it sound , Jack ? jack Fine , Willie , fine . willie ( alarmed ) say ... I forget to send a telegram to Lucy ... conductor ! Jack and sadie exchange look . dissolve to : Interior : train Club car , Day Willie , jacket off , work over a speech with duffy as pillsbury and sadie look on . willie now right here ... right here I would like to add something about last year 's tax ... eh ? duffy I would not add a thing . just give they the fact . pillsbury yeah ... and the figure . duffy great speech . sadie sip she drink . dissolve to : exterior : Street corner ( upton ) , Day Willie stand on a platform , next to a american flag , read from he prepare speech . willie what this state need be a balanced tax program . last year , last year the state claim to have spend on road ... sadie turn and walk away , no longer able to listen . Jack follow she toward the hotel . Interior : Hotel lobby ( upton ) , Day as Jack and sadie cross the street , enter the lobby , and sit down next to the front window . we can still see Willie and he small street - corner audience in the background . jack do you mind if I sit with you , sadie ? sadie ( shrug ) stand ... sit ... jack thanks ... tell I , what be you on this merry - go-round for ? sadie I take note . jack for whom ? sadie for that who pay I . jack which be . sadie people . jack smart people . sadie oh , yeah . anybody that pay I be smart . jack you do not have to be smart to frame a guy like Willie Stark . sadie no . no , brother , you do not . jack ( light a cigarette ) it be a frame , be not it ? sadie why do not you give I a cigarette ? jack ( give she the pack ) to split the vote and win the election for Harrison , huh ? sadie if you know , why do you ask ? jack I just want to make sure . sadie yeah . jack look , why do not you tell the boy back home to save they money . Willie could not steal a vote from ... from abe lincoln in the cradle of the confederacy . sadie I wish the poor ... have enough sense to have somebody give he a good grease for the beat he 's go to get . ' Cause this way all he get out of it be the ride . ( look at Willie through the window ) hey , that speech ! ai not they awful ? ai not they just plain awful ? question to you : if somebody tell he he be a sucker , do you think he would quit ? Willie have just finish he speech and be on he way over to the hotel . jack I do not know , sadie . I really do not know . willie ( as he come into the lobby ) do it sound all right , Mr. burden ? jack Fine , Willie , fine . willie thanks . he and Jack go upstairs together . sadie watch they . dissolve to : Interior : sadie 's Hotel room ( upton ) , night sadie lie on she bed , listen to Willie in the next room , rehearse one of he speech . willie' voice now , friend , if you will bear patiently with I for a few minute , I will give you the figure . what we need be a balanced tax program ... jack voice no , Willie , no . sadie pull off a shoe and hurl it at the wall . sadie what I need be some sleep . shut up ! Interior : Jack 's Hotel room ( upton ) , same time Willie lie on he bed . Jack finish shave in the bathroom as he continue to rehearse he . jack ( shouting back at sadie ) shut up yourself ! ( go to bed , shake Willie ) listen , Willie , try it on you foot this time . willie oh , no . wait a minute . my foot be kill I . let I stay here , huh ? jack all right ... look , Willie , you tell them too much . just tell them you be go to soak the fat boy and forget the rest of the tax stuff . willie ( pathetically ) that 's what I say . jack but it 's the way you say it . Willie , make them cry . make them laugh , make them mad , even mad at you . stir them up and they will love it and come back for more . but for heaven 's sake do not try and improve they mind . willie ( suddenly ) a man do not have to be governor . jack ( surprised ) what ? willie a man do not have to be governor . pause . jack well , they have not count up the vote yet . willie ( quietly ) oh , I be go to lose , Mr. burden . I know that . do not try and fool I . I be not go to lie to you . I want it . I want it so badly I stay up night think about it . a man want something so badly he get mix up in know what he want . it 's something inside of you . I would have make a good governor . better than that other fellow . there be a knock on the door . jack come in . willie ( almost to himself ) a great governor . sadie enter . she immediately spot the liquor , and pour herself a drink . sadie since you will not let I sleep you might at least give I a drink . willie ( mutter ) build they highway ... great system of highway in the country . jack ( to sadie ) help yourself . willie I will build school . sadie ( to Jack ) what 's up ? jack nothing ... except Willie here have be say as how he 's not go to be governor . sadie ( directly , to Jack ) so you tell he . jack I do not tell anyone anything ... I just listen . sadie ( go to Willie ) who tell you ? willie told I what ? told I what ? sadie that you be not go to be governor . willie ( get up ) Jack ! told I what ?... told I what ? Jack say nothing . sadie gulp down she drink , bang the empty glass on the bureau top , and turn to face Willie . sadie ( loudly ) all right ! that you have be frame , you poor sap . Willie look at she steadily for a moment . willie ( quietly ) frame ? sadie and how ! oh , you decoy , you woodenhead decoy ! and you let them . you let them because you think you be the little lamb of God . but you know what you be ? ( she wait for he answer ; he have none ) well , you be the goat ! you be the sacrificial goat ! you be a sap ... because you let them . jack sadie ! that 's enough . sadie enough ? he do not even get anything out of it . oh , they would have pay you to take a rap like that , but they do not have to pay a sap like you . oh , no , you be so full of yourself and hot air , all you want be a chance to stand up on you hind leg and make a speech : my friend , what this state need be a good five - cent cigar . what this state need be a -- willie ( to Jack ) be it true ? sadie ( prayerfully , to the ceiling ) he want to know if it 's true . willie be it true ? jack that 's what they tell I . there be a long pause . Willie look almost as if he be go to cry . sadie pour out another drink , a stiff one . sadie ( hand it to he ) here . Willie drink it all . jack hey , lay off that . you be not use to it . sadie ( jeeringly ) he 's not use to a lot of thing . be you , Willie ? jack ( angrily ) why do not you lay off of he , sadie ? sadie ( ignore Jack ) be you , Willie ? be you ? be you ... be you , be you , be you ? she shove the bottle at he . he take it and pour himself a drink . dissolve to : Interior : sadie 's Hotel room ( upton ) , Morning Willie be snore on the bed . sadie 's coat be throw over he . she be in the bathroom , apply lipstick . Jack enter . sadie hi . jack well , thing seem to have quiete down . sadie ( laugh ) yeah , I quiete he down . jack yeah . how be he ? noisy ? sadie oh , he rear some . he 's be tell I all the thing he 's go to do . he 's go to do big thing , this fella . he 's go to be President . he 's go to kill people with he bare hand . I quiete he down ... hey ! who 's Lucy ? jack his wife . sadie he talk like she 's he mammy ... she 's go to blow he nose for he . Jack sit on the bed next to Willie . jack well , I will take he from here on in . they be wait for he at the barbecue . sadie pull she coat off Willie and go to the door . sadie yeah , well give I a receipt for the body and I will be on my way . she leave . Jack bend over Willie , who continue to snore . jack hey , Willie , Willie ... come on , wake up , Willie . come on , Willie . dissolve to : exterior : fairground ( upton ) , Day a crowd mill about underneath a banner that read hear willie stark mammoth barbecue -- upton fairground exterior : fairground , Day Willie , staggering a bit , hang over , react painfully to the staggering height of the ferris wheel . he lean on Jack for support , and they walk on . exterior : fairground , Day Willie take a seat on the child 's swing as Jack go off to get some coffee . two little girl stare curiously at he . Willie wave they off . Jack return with the coffee and pour some whisky in it . Willie tip he hand , force he to pour more , then gulp he drink down . exterior : bandstand ( upton ) , Day duffy , pillsbury , and the other politician stand on the platform , wait for Willie . a band play march music . duffy go over to sadie , who be stand on the step of the platform . duffy where be he ? sadie ( point ) there he be . escort by Jack , Willie approach the platform and stumble up the step past sadie . sadie whoops ! duffy ( to Jack ) be he drunk ? jack never touch the stuff . Lucy do not favor drinkin' . duffy follow Willie up on the platform . sadie ( to Jack ) how would you get he here ? he be out stiff . jack Hair of the dog that bit he . sadie Hair ? he must have swallow the dog . on the platform , duffy look uneasily at the bleary - eye Willie . the band suddenly play a fanfare , and the chairman step up to the microphone . chairman lady and gentleman , it give I a great deal of pleasure to introduce to you that true man of the people , the next governor of the state ... Willie Stark . there be scattered applause as Willie step forward to speak . willie my friend ... he turn he face from side to side , and fumble in the right side of he coat pocket to fish out he speech . willie my friend ... I ... he try to focus on the speech , which he clutches before he eye with both hand . then he lift he head , and look directly at the people who have come to hear he . as he speak , the camera focus on the face of this people : the farmer , worker , hick , red-neck who be Willie 's audience , Willie 's people . willie I have a speech here . it 's a speech about what this state need . there 's no need in my tell you what this state need . you be the state and you know what you need ... you over there ... look at you pants . have they get hole in the knee ? listen to you stomach . do you ever hear it rumble from hunger ?... and you , what about you crop ? do they ever rot in the field because the road be so bad you could not get they to market ?... and you . what about you kid ? be they grow up ignorant as dirt , ignorant as you , ' cause there 's no school for they ?... no , I be not go to read you any speech . he throw he speech away . duffy look alarmed . willie but I be go to tell you a story . it 's a funny story ... sadie ( from the step ) hey ! willie' voice ... so get ready to laugh . sadie what 's he up to ? jack shut up ! willie get ready to bust you side laugh , ' cause it 's sure a funny story . it 's about a hick ... a hick like you , if you please . yeah , like you . he grow up on the dirt road and gully wash of a farm . he know what it be to get up before dawn and get feed and slop and milk before breakfast ... and then set out before sunup and walk six mile to a one - room , slab - sided schoolhouse . oh , this hick know what it be to be a hick , all right . he figure if he be go to get anything do , he have to do it himself . so he sit up night and study book . he study law because he think he might be able to change thing some ... for himself , and for folk like he . sugar Boy listen intently , share in the anger in Willie 's speech . willie no , I be not go to lie to you . he do not start off think about the hick and all the wonderful thing he be go to do for they . no . no , he start off think of number one . but something come to he on the way . how he could do nothing for himself without the help of the people . that 's what come to he . and it also come to he , with the powerful force of God 's own lightning , back in he home country , when a schoolhouse collapse because it be build of politics ... rotten brick . it kill and mangle a dozen kid . but you know that story . the people be he friend because he fight that rotten brick . and some of the politician down in the city , they know that ... so they ride up to he house in a big , fine , shiny car and say as how they want he to run for governor ... Jack , electrify , grip sadie 's arm . jack sadie , he 's wonderful ... wonderful ... duffy fidget as Willie continue to pace and speak , he face fill with conviction , and with fury . willie ... so they tell the hick ... and he swallow it . he look in he heart and he think in all humility how he would like to try and change thing . he be just a country boy who think that even the plainest , poorest man can be governor if he fellow citizen find he 's get the stuff for the job . well , that fellow in the stripe pants ... they see the hick and they take he in . he point he finger at duffy , who be come over to speak to he . duffy ( low voice ) Willie , what be you try to do ? Willie turn on he , roaring . willie there he be ! there 's you juda iscariot . ( he push duffy across the platform ) look at he ... lickspittle ... nose - wiper . duffy gesture frantically to the band . duffy play ! play ! willie ( push he again ) look at he ! duffy play anything . the band start to play , add to the pandemonium . Willie shout above it . willie look at he ! Joe Harrison 's dummy ! look at he ! duffy that 's a lie ! willie look at he ! duffy signal to some of he goons stand near the platform . duffy go get he , boy ... go get he . sugar Boy leap up on the platform , he pistol draw and point at duffy 's man . Willie throw up he arm to silence the crowd . willie now , shut up ! shut up , all of you . now , listen to I , you hick . yeah , you be hick too , and they fool you a thousand time , just like they fool I . but this time I be go to fool somebody . I be go to stay in this race . I be on my own and I be out for blood . the camera move in close on Willie 's face . willie listen to I , you hick ... dissolve to : exterior : Willie 's speech , Day and night a series of close - up of Willie 's face as he shout and jeer he message , always accompany by the loud and frenzied cheer of the crowd . superimpose over he face be the figure of Jack burden , at he desk , type out he storey . willie listen to I and lift up you eye and look at God 's bless and unflyblown truth ... and this be the truth . you be a hick . and nobody ever help a hick but a hick himself . loud cheer and yell . willie all right , listen to I ... listen to I . I be the hick they be go to use to split the hick vote . but I be stand right here now on my hind leg ... even a dog can learn to do that . be you stand on you hind leg ? have you learn to do that much yet ? here it be , here it be , you hick . nail up anybody who stand in you way ! nail up Joe Harrison ! nail up mcmurphy ! and if they do not deliver , give I a hammer and I will do it myself . dissolve to : newspaper headline there be a photograph of Willie and a headline that read stark chance booming superimpose over the newspaper be a shot of a crowd applaud and yell for Willie . Interior : Joe Harrison 's campaign headquarters , night duffy , pillsbury , and other aide stand look at a poster of Willie . politician I want he throat cut , from ear to ear . exterior : Willie 's campaign montage rock crash through a window , knock down a poster of Willie . poster be tear off the side of a building . a man be attack as he try to distribute leaflet . dissolve to : exterior : Jack burden 's desk , the Chronicle , night Jack be work on a story when madison come to he desk . madison no use go any further , Jack . we be not printing they any more . jack I think the Chronicle line be -- madison divide and conquer ? Stark be get too big for he britches and the hick be get too smart . we be now support Harrison . jack ( stand up ) how do you square that ? madison I work here . jack ( put on he coat ) well , I do not ... not any more . madison Jack , you fool . jack if you have any gut you would print this ... madison I work here . I take order . jack I know . you have get a wife and three kid and you boy go to Princeton . madison you will not find it easy to get another job . jack I be too rich to work . dissolve to : exterior : Street outside State Capitol , Day newspaper headline read harrison win close race stark sweep rural area CITY vote decide election superimpose over newspaper be a crowd cheer at Harrison 's victory parade . Willie , raincoat throw over he shoulder , look grim , and sadie and sugar Boy be part of that crowd . they turn away and walk toward a bar . Interior : bar , Day Jack be already at the bar . Willie , sadie , and sugar Boy join he there . jack we do not do so good . willie double bourbon . sadie ( sit next to Jack ) same for I . willie and a beer . ( to Jack ) I hear you get fire from the paper . jack you hear wrong , Willie . I quit . willie ( pass the beer back to sugar Boy ) you be smart . ' Cause before I be through with that mob they be not go to have enough money leave to pay the boy that clean the spittoon . jack how do you feel , Willie ? willie I feel fine , fine . you see , Jack , I learn something . Willie and sadie exchange look . jack yeah ... what ? Close shot of Willie . willie how to win . fade out fade in : exterior : Road , Day Jack stand on the side of the road , thumbing a ride . jack ( voice over ) I do not see Willie again until he second campaign ... four year later . Interior : Office , night Jack turn in some copy to a man at a desk . jack ( voice over ) I drift from job to job ... exterior : Street , Day Jack and other in front of a employment agency . jack ( voice over ) ... that be , whenever I could find one . Interior : bar , night Jack , at the bar , look haggard and dishevel , pick up a newspaper and turn to find a photograph of Anne . the caption read stanton arrive home . jack ( voice over ) but always further and further away from Anne , and the life at burden 's landing . exterior : Street , Day camera pan with Jack as he trudge along the street . jack ( voice over ) but Willie be not drift . he know where he be go . we see a insert of a newspaper . it have a caricature of Willie , swinging a sledge hammer . the caption read stark attack administration charge old machine still corrupt jack ( voice over ) he have he foot in the door and he keep right on push to get in . he have lose the election but he have win the state ... and he know it ... and the people know it . montage : willie' life write on a fence : the people's will should be the law of the state ... willie stark paint on a rock : knowledge belong to the people ... willie stark letter on a barn : free medicine for all people -- not as a charity but as a right ... willie stark poster on a building : my study be the heart of the people ... willie stark jack ( voice over ) they be all hopping on he bandwagon ... even tiny duffy . newspaper caricature : it show Willie on a bandwagon head for the state capitol . everyone be try to climb aboard . caption be they 're all for willie now . huge poster on the side of a building : my study be the heart of the people . camera pan up to photograph of Willie on the poster . jack ( voice over ) yep , Willie come back like he say he would . Interior : Willie 's Office , Day Willie be be interview by a group of reporter . sugar Boy lounge nearby , lean against the wall . willie do you want to know what my platform be ? here it be : I be go to soak the fat boy and I be go to spread it thin . dissolve to : exterior : Circus Grounds , Day we see balloon with inscription read " I be for Willie , " and a large banner stretch overhead , say free circus today -- compliment of willie stark . the crowd move about , gaze at the clown , animal , the trapeze act . jack ( voice over ) Willie be right -- he would learn how to win ... exterior : Park , Day a truck load with beer keg pull into the park . on the back of the truck be a sign : big stark rally today -- free Beer -- free food -- everybody invite . superimpose over this be the image of dollar bill float through the air . jack ( voice over ) he spend a lot of money do it ... a awful lot of money ... I be beginning to wonder where he get it from . montage : Willie 's second campaign Hand hold check make payable to Willie Stark campaign Fund ... $ 7000 . Willie 's hand reach out and take it . Hand hold check payable to cash for $ 5000 . superimpose be Willie , look on , and he hand endorse the back of the check . another check to the Stark campaign Fund for $ 3500 . poster of Willie be superimpose . jack ( voice over ) there be rumor throughout the state that Willie be make deal with all kind of people ... strange deal ... for Willie Stark . crowd milling about circus grounds , with Willie 's poster superimpose . firework explode . crowd cheer . jack ( voice over ) the second time out , it be not a campaign ... it be a slaughter . it be Saturday night in a mining town . huge poster be affix to the side of a building . it bear Willie 's face , and he slogan . dissolve to : exterior : Hotel ( State Capital ) , Day crowd stand about as Willie and Jack make they way into the hotel . jack ( voice over ) he come back and he take I with he . Interior : Hotel lobby , Day the lobby be pack as Willie , Jack , sugar Boy , and pillsbury enter . Willie make signal to duffy to tag along with the entourage . Willie lean over to speak to the room clerk . willie this be Jack burden , a friend of mine . from now on he 's go to live here . give he anything he want . the group start up the stair , past the officer who be stand guard . duffy stop to speak to one , point he finger at some of he man stand below . duffy let this boy through , officer . willie ( to Jack ) duffy work for I now . jack it look like everybody work for you . they start up the second flight of stair . willie no . no , not yet . but I want to keep he around . he remind I of something I never want to forget . Willie stop and look around at duffy 's man hurry up the step . willie ( to duffy ) come on , come on , come on , come on . be this the boy ? duffy this be the boy that can get the boy . willie how many do you think we can get ? duffy fifty . willie how much ? duffy five dollar a head . willie ( to sugar Boy ) what do you think , sugar ? do they look like good boy ? sugar boy t-t-they b-b- better be . willie get a hundred ... all right , go on , all of you . blow . blow , blow . you too , duffy . go on . duffy and he man turn and go downstairs . willie ( to Jack ) handbill distributor . jack if they all look like they I would hate not to take one . willie that 's the object . not like when they beat up my boy Tom . jack how be Tom ? willie oh , he 's fine . he start college in the fall . jack oh. and Lucy ? Willie 's expression change . he start up the stair . willie Fine ... fine . Interior : Willie 's campaign Office in Hotel , Day the place be a beehive of activity , with typist and messenger scurrying about , all supervise by sadie . sadie hey , I need a boy ... where 's a boy ? ( boy run up ) take that downstairs ; they be wait for it . right away , on the double . ( to typist ) listen , baby , you have get to double - space all of this ... he can not read , see . the door open and Willie , Jack , and sugar Boy come in . jack sadie ! sadie ( to typist ) and they need four copy . ( look up ) hi , Jack . how be you ? willie sadie be my secretary now . ( to messenger , try to squeeze by ) oh , pardon I . as Willie and Jack walk toward adjoin room , sadie call out : sadie fix you tie , Willie . Interior : bedroom Hotel suite , Day Willie and Jack enter from the office . willie hey , sugar . sugar Boy appear in the doorway . sadie slip by into the room . willie keep everybody out of here . I want to talk to Jack and sadie alone . he walk over to Jack , who lean back on the bed . willie from now on you be work for I . jack do what ? willie I do not know . something will turn up , will not it , sadie ? sadie yeah . we need a college man around ... for research . willie how much do they pay you on that newspaper ? jack Three hundred dollar a month . willie ( laugh ) I could buy you cheap , could not I ? jack for a bag of salt . willie no . no , I do not play that way . I like you , boy . I always have . I will tell you what I will do . I will give you four hundred dollar a month and travel expense . jack you throw money around like it be money . Willie get up and walk to the window . willie money ?... I do not need money . people give I thing . jack why ? willie because they believe in I . dissolve to : exterior : burden 's landing , Day Willie 's car be on the ferry crossing the bay to burden 's landing . sugar Boy drive the car off the ferry and up the road toward the house . jack ( voice over ) I be go home again . but this time it be different . now I have a feel that maybe the wait be over ... for I , and for Anne . dissolve to : Interior : stanton live room ( burden 's landing ) , night Close shot of Willie stand in front of the fireplace , beneath the portrait of Governor stanton . willie it 's a far cry from where I come from ... to this house . camera pull back . the room be crowded with people , all of they friend of the stanton . Anne , Adam , judge stanton , Mrs. burden , and mcevoy be part of the audience sit around the fireplace . Jack stand next to Willie . willie and stand here under the portrait of one of the great governor of this state , talk to you people ... well , it 's a honor I never think I would have . jack be there any question ? ( look around ) Mr. mcevoy . mcevoy ( smile ) no , I have no question . jack judge ? judge a few ... but it will hold . stanton I have a question . willie shoot . stanton a lot of people in this state have be say that you have be make deal ... some of they with the very group that you claim you be against . be that true ? jack Adam , you know how rumor start ... willie yes . yes , that 's true . I have nothing to hide . I will make a deal with the devil if it will help I carry out my program . but believe I , there be no string attach to that deal . stanton you be sure about that ? willie Doc , Jack here have be tell I how you feel about thing ... how you would like to see a new hospital build , a hospital that 's the biggest and best that money can buy . you want that thing , Doc , because , well , because you be a man who want to do good . now , I would like to ask you a question . stanton shoot . the guest laugh good - naturedly . willie do you know what good come out of ? stanton you tell I , Mr. Stark . willie out of bad ... that 's what good come out of . because you can not make it out of anything else . you do not know that , do you ? stanton no , I do not ... there 's another question I would like to ask you . you say there 's only bad to start with and the good must come with the bad . who 's to determine what 's good and what 's bad ?... you ? willie why not ? stanton how ? willie why , that 's easy . just ... just make it up as you go along . more laughter . Willie smile and go on . willie folk , there 's a time to talk and there 's a time to act . I think the time to act be right now . and with you support , I not only will win but I will do all of the thing I promise . I need you help . oh , I need it badly . but I be not go to beg for it . in the name of this state which we love ... in the name of the governor in whose house we meet ... I demand it . there be immediate applause . Anne be the first to rush over and shake Willie 's hand . dissolve to : exterior : stanton Home , night the last of the guest be leave . Jack and Willie remain with the judge , Anne , and Adam . willie ( to judge ) well , what do you say , sir ? jack you have get to say yes . with you in the race ... judge I be a old bird ... I ... willie but a game one . they laugh . willie look , I will give you complete power as attorney general . you can do anything you see fit . I will swing the ax to clear the way for you . be that a deal ? the judge smile , then put out he hand . judge it 's a deal . they shake hand . willie Jack , we have to get back to town ... a lot to do . ( shake hand with Adam ) Dr. stanton . Jack kiss Anne on the cheek . Anne come over and shake Willie 's hand . anne I be very glad to have meet you . fade out fade in : Interior : Hotel lobby ( State Capital ) , Day people stand before the election return board in the hotel lobby . camera pull back , revealing a newspaper picture of Willie , and the headline stark elected governor willie win dissolve to : exterior : Street outside Willie 's Hotel balcony , night a crowd stand below Willie 's hotel window , chant together : crowd we want Willie ! we want Willie ! a high angle from the balcony show Anne , Jack , and Adam in the center of the excited crowd , look expectantly upward . some of the people around they be carry torch . Arc light play over the dome of the state capitol in the background . in response to the chant , Willie appear on the balcony . with he , stand on the balcony , be Tom and Lucy . the crowd erupt into cheer as he step outside . willie ( raise he hand for silence ) this be not a time for speechmake . I should get on my knee and ask God to give I strength to carry out you will . loud cheer . Adam watch Anne . she applaud . Willie look down at the crowd and continue he speech . willie this much I swear to you . this thing you shall have . I be go to build a hospital . the biggest that money can buy ... and it will belong to you . that any man , woman , or child who be sick or in pain can go through that door and know that everything will be do for they that man can do . to heal sickness . to ease pain . free . not as a charity , but as a right . and it be you right that every child shall have a complete education . that any man who produce anything can take it to market without pay toll . and no poor man 's land or farm can be tax or take away from he . and it be the right of the people that they will not be deprive of hope ... the crowd applaud , and Willie wave . we see Anne , face aglow , turn to Jack . anne do he mean it , Jack ? do he ? stanton ( as he walk away ) that 's he bribe . Anne and Jack watch Adam as he leave . fade out fade in : montage : Willie become Governor Willie , sadie , and Jack leave they old campaign headquarters . Willie , sadie , Jack , and other go upstairs in the governor 's mansion . the ousted politician be just pack up and leave . jack ( voice over ) what if it be he bribe ! he sweep the old gang out of office . what if they hollere like stick pig ? he jamme through bill after bill and the people get what they want . Willie yell at the legislator during a session . willie I demand that this bill be pass . nobody 's go to tell I how to run this state . Road excavation -- a bulldozer clear away dirt . a huge crane maneuver over a dam site . Men be see work on the girder of a large power plant . jack ( voice over ) he start to build the road , the school , the power dam , to change the face of the state from one end to the other ... his method ? Shots of uniform policeman rough up citizen . Willie and sugar Boy move in on a man be hold by cop . Willie look on as Jack thumb through he little black book . jack ( voice over ) Politics be a dirty game ... and he play it rough and dirty . Willie 's little black book be a record of sin and corruption . and I , Jack burden ? I keep the book and add up the account . Willie in a nightclub , surround by some show girl . a photographer take a picture of Willie with a girl balanced on he knee . Willie lead a march band out onto a football field . jack ( voice over ) clown , show -off , playboy , they yell at he . Building football stadium . fiercely proud of he son who play in they . shot of Tom in football uniform run across the field with the ball . Willie , in the stand , hug Lucy . willie oh , look at he go . he 's go to be all - american . Willie make a inspection of the police . he stop to adjust a officer 's tie . jack ( voice over ) they say he be building up a private army . but he be building , always building ... sign at building excavation read here on this site will be erected the governor stark hospital -- " to heal sickness . to ease pain . free . not as a charity -- but as a right " ... willie stark . jack ( voice over ) always play up to the crowd . letting they trample on tradition . well , tradition need trample on . a square dance at the governor 's mansion . Willie dance with Anne . jack ( voice over ) the crowd love it ... Willie love it ... and so do I . fade out fade in : Interior : executive Office corridor , Day Jack walk down the corridor on the way to Willie 's office . Interior : Willie 's executive Offices , Day as Jack enter from the corridor , sadie be come out of Willie 's private office . sadie ( through open door ) you low - down , no -good redneck ... she slam the door hard . we hear Willie laugh . jack ( to secretary ) what go on here ? secretary that 's what sadie want to know . ( she show Jack newspaper contain photograph of Willie at the nightclub ) the boss pose for too many picture . Jack grin , then walk into sadie 's office . sadie I will kill he . jack why , sadie , I be surprised at you . sadie I will kill he . she go to the door to yell to the secretary . sadie I hate all woman . she slam the door again , and return to she desk . sadie be she pretty ? Jack shove the paper at she . she ignore it . sadie be she pretty ? jack if I meet she on the street I would never recognize she . sadie be she pretty ? jack how should I know ? I be not look at she face ... look , if it 's go to cause all this grief , why do not you let he go ? sadie let he go ? I will kill he . I will drive he out of this state . jack just because a guy 's sit with a couple of girl on he knee in public ... sadie Public or private ... I know he . how about what happen in Chicago ? that girl on skate ... and the time you both go to St. Louis ... there 's a new invention , you know , photography and newsreel . Willie Stark in a nightclub ... Willie Stark with a blonde . jack you could always bleach you hair . sadie I could also break every bone in he neck . after all I have do for he ... now he go two -time I . jack he 's be two -time Lucy . so there 's another kind of arithmetic for what he 's do to you . sadie Lucy ? ( laugh ) if she have she way he would be back in kanoma City slopping the hog right now . and he know it . he know what she would do for he . she have she chance . jack you seem to think Lucy 's on she way out , do not you ? sadie he will ditch she ... give he time . jack you ought to know . she slap he face . jack hey , you get the wrong guy . I be not the hero of this piece . the door to Willie 's office burst open and Willie dash out . willie all right , come on , both of you . let 's go , hurry it up . they go out through the reception room , pick up sugar Boy , and head down the corridor . willie come on . pillsbury put he hand in the pork barrel and get catch . you know , I never do trust that guy . some newsmen be wait on the top landing . newsmen have you hear about pillsbury ? what do you intend to do about pillsbury ? how about it , Governor ? Willie push by they . willie later , boy , later . ( to Jack ) say , Jack , go back and get the judge . let 's get he over to my hotel just as soon as you can . they all hurry after Willie as he rush down the stair . Interior : lobby State Capitol , Day Anne be about to go up the stair when she meet Willie and the other on the way down . anne ( to Willie ) I wait for you . ( she see sadie ) hello. ( back to Willie ) you promise we could ... uh ... discuss my charity project ... Children 's home ? willie well , I be very sorry . something very important come up . you will call I later , will not you ? anne yes , certainly . sadie we be late . Anne watch as they cross the lobby and exit . dissolve to : Interior : Stark 's Hotel suite , night Close shot of Willie , seat , with he foot propped up on a table . pillsbury stand before he . Jack , sadie , duffy , and sugar Boy be also in the room . willie look at you , pillsbury . fifty year old , gut - sprung , tooth go , never have a dime . if the almighty have intend for you to be rich he would have take care of that a long time ago . the idea of you be rich ... that 's plain blasphemy . ai not that a fact ? pillsbury do not answer . willie answer I ! pillsbury yes . willie louder , man . do not mumble . speak up . say it 's a fact , a blasphemous fact . pillsbury it 's a fact , a blasphemous fact . sugar Boy laugh loudly . the phone ring and sadie pick it up . sadie yeah ?... oh , I see. ( hang up ) dumond can not come . he say he wife be sick . willie I do not care if she 's die . sugar , get the car . get he and bring he over here . sugar Boy exist . Willie turn back to pillsbury . willie now , you know what you be suppose to do , do not you , pillsbury ? you be suppose to stay poor and take order . oh , there will be some sweeten for you from time to time ... but duffy will take care of that . do not you go set yourself up on you own again , do you understand that ? pillsbury yes . willie louder , man . and say , I understand that . pillsbury I understand that . willie give he a pen and some paper , sadie . there be a knock on the door . willie see who that be , duffy . judge stanton enter . willie oh , hello , judge . sit down . I will be with you in just a couple of second . ( back to pillsbury ) now write what I tell you to write ... dear Governor Stark . I wish to resign as auditor due to ill health , to take effect as soon as you can relieve I . respectfully yours . ( after a pause ) do you sign it ? pillsbury no . willie ( roaring ) well , sign it ! do not put any date on it . I can fill that in when I need it . pillsbury sign the paper . willie now bring it to I . pillsbury move slowly , so sadie yank the paper out of he hand and pass it to Willie . willie now get out . pillsbury slink out of the room . judge the papers have the story . willie yeah , I know . judge they be talk about impeachment proceedings . willie ( rise ) against who ? judge this time , pillsbury . willie I get that " this time , " judge . judge how true be it ? willie it 's too true . the phone ring . sadie yes ? ( hand phone to Willie ) this be it , Willie . Jeff hopkins on the wire . Willie take the phone , but put he hand over the mouthpiece so that he can speak to Jack . willie what have we get on hopkins , Jack ? ( as Jack riffle through the black book ) hello , Jeff . about that pillsbury business ... ( read from black book Jack hold out for he ) here 's what I want you to do when it come up in the legislature . now , wait a minute , wait a minute . you listen to I . ( still read from book ) you get a mortgage come due on that place of yours in about five week , have not you ? you would like to get it renew , would not you ? ( pause ) all right , tiny will talk to you in the morning . he grin and hang up the phone . willie get go , tiny . duffy leave . judge you have not answer my question . why be you save pillsbury 's hide ? willie I be not a bit interested in pillsbury 's hide . it 's something much more important than that . if the mcmurphy boy get the notion they can get away with this , there 's no tell where they will stop . judge ( quietly ) or where you will ... pillsbury be guilty . as attorney general of this state , it 's my job to prosecute . willie judge , you talk like pillsbury be ... be human . he be not . he 's a thing . you do not prosecute a add machine if the spring go bust and make a mistake . you fix it . well , I fix he . I be not a bit interested in pillsbury . it 's something much bigger than that . judge ( get up ) yes , it be . jack he 's right , judge . can not you see that he 's right ? judge he 's right because you want he to be right . because you be afraid to admit you have make a mistake . do it now before it 's too late . ( to Willie ) I be offer my resignation as attorney general . you will have it in write by messenger in the morning ... date . willie ( softly ) it take you a long time to make up you mind , judge . a long time . what make you take such a long time ? judge I be not sure . willie and now you be ? the judge nod . willie I will tell you what you be . you be scared . you sit in that big easy chair of yours for thirty year and play at be a judge . then all of a sudden I come along and put a bat in you hand , and I say , go ahead , judge , start swinging . and you do . and you have a wonderful time . but now you be scared . you do not want to get you hand dirty . you want to pick up the marble ... but you do not want to get you hand dirty . look at my whole program , judge . how do you think I put that across ? judge I know how , but I never know why . he start to leave . willie you be not by any chance think of go over to mcmurphy 's boy , be you ? judge I be through with politics . willie I be happy to hear that . ( extend he hand ) no hard feeling . judge ( ignore the hand ) Goodbye , Governor . ( to Jack ) be you come with I , Jack ? Jack turn away . judge you be make a mistake . he go . Willie close the door behind he . willie do you think he mean it when he say he 's through with politics , sadie ? sadie no . no , I do not . willie what about you , Jack ? jack I have know the judge all my life . he 's always mean everything he 's say . willie all right . all right . take it easy . I will take you word for it . dissolve to : exterior : Willie 's Hotel , night Willie 's car draw up to the curb . sugar Boy hop out to open the door for Willie . sadie be watch he from a window upstairs in the hotel . Anne be in the back seat ; Willie lean down to talk to she . willie sugar , take miss stanton home . ( to Anne ) when be I go to see you again ? she do not answer . willie what 's the matter , Anne ? anne please take I home now , sugar Boy . willie you have get to understand I . anne ( turn away ) I understand you . it 's myself I do not understand . willie do you think I like sneaking around corner any more than you do ? but right now , with the pillsbury business and with you uncle quit ... if I get a divorce ... anne maybe we would better stop see each other . willie no . no , we will not stop see each other , will we ? anne ( slowly ) no. willie because you believe in what I tell you . anne ( put she hand on he ) because I believe what you tell I . sadie approach . sadie good evening , Governor Stark . ( look at Anne , but talk to Willie ) I think you might like to know that judge stanton keep he promise . ( directly to Willie ) he give the story to every paper in town . willie sugar , meet I at the hotel as soon as you can . fade out fade in : newspaper headline attorney general resigns : stanton accuse stark of quashing pillsbury graft Interior : State legislature Assembly room , Day duffy stand in the forground , look in on the uproar and confusion of the assembly . senator this be serious charge that judge stanton have give to the press . this legislature be entitle to a complete and full report on the pillsbury affair . let the truth be know . 2 nd senator let it come out . 3rd senator I move that we adjourn . 4 th senator I second the motion . chairman all that in favor , say aye ... motion carry . the house be adjourned . as duffy turn and walk away , other senator rise up in they seat in protest . dissolve to : montage : pillsbury scandal sign on building read : citizen committee meeting , subject : pillsbury scandal , 8 p.m. tonight -- town Hall . a man pastes a strip across the sign : canceled . a man be make a speech to a small group of people . man if you let Willie Stark get away with the pillsbury graft , there 's no tell ... thug break up the meeting . the speaker be beat up . Jack burden turn through the page of the little black book . dissolve to : Interior : Stark 's Hotel suite , Day Willie be lie on the bed . Jack be seat . sadie and sugar Boy stand nearby . jack but we beat the pillsbury rap ... it 's over . willie this thing be never over . I will tell you what I want you to do , Jack . I want you to start a new page in that black book of yours ... under then name of judge stanton . jack you be crazy . there 's nothing on the judge . sadie why ? because he name be stanton ? willie ssshhh , easy . jack what if I will not do it ? willie you know , some of this have rubbed off on you . jack what be you go to do ? have I shot ? willie no ... no ... but I will have to get myself a new boy . jack I tell you there 's nothing on the judge . willie Jack , there 's something on everybody . man be conceive in sin and bear in corruption . jack it 's a waste of time . willie what 's the matter , Jack ? be you afraid you might find something out ? Jack stare at he . dissolve to : exterior : burden 's landing ferry , night Jack 's car be see come across on the ferry . jack ( voice over ) I keep say to myself that Willie be wrong about the judge . if there be anything leave at burden 's landing , it be honor . I have to believe that . dissolve to : Interior : stanton live room , night Jack and Anne stand together in the live room . jack Anne , I want to ask you a question . be the judge ever break ? really break ? anne why do you want to know ? jack I do not want to know , but I have get to . anne do he tell you -- jack do who tell I ? anne I do not know . I ... how should I know if the judge be ever break ? she walk away from he . Adam enter , carry bundle of food and two wine bottle . stanton hello ... come on , Anne , take this food and start cooking . I be hungry . Anne take the grocery bundle . Jack grab the wine . jack I , I be on the thirsty side . bring some glass , Anne , quick . he join Adam , who have open the piano . stanton ( laugh ) it 's be a long time since I play this thing . what do you say we wake up the ghost , huh ? jack ( call to Anne ) another glass , Anne , for a ghost . stanton ( start to play ) remember the last time I play this ? you and Anne be dance ? Anne return with three glass . Jack grab she around the waist and whirl she around . jack shall we dance ? anne let 's ... let 's have a drink first . Adam start to pour the wine . jack no , no ... keep play . Anne and I want to hear this , do not we , Anne ? ( Jack pour the wine ) Adam ... ghost ... and I . stanton what shall we drink to ? jack to the ghost ?... to Adam , to the director of the new medical center . stanton ( bang the piano key ) do not you ever stop work for he ? anne Adam ! stanton I come up here to get away ... jack I be sorry , Adam . anne well , I be not . what 's wrong with be the director of the new medical center ? stanton nothing , except that I be not go to take it . jack why ? because you uncle resign ? stanton that 's partly it . there be other thing . anne what other thing ? stanton ( look at she ) you too ? anne yes , I too . jack Anne , if Adam do not want to discuss it , let 's not . stanton all right , let 's discuss it . anne but calmly . stanton calmly . go ahead , Jack . why do you think he want I ? jack because you be the best man for the job . stanton it could have nothing to do with my name be stanton ? jack it could have . let 's grant that . stanton that 's you answer . jack no , it 's not . if that be the only answer I would not be with he any more . there 's another side of it . I have learn something from he . you can not make a omelet without crack egg . stanton or head . anne but at least a hospital will be build , and the sick will be care for . stanton at what price ? jack at any price . stanton do you really believe that , Jack ? jack I really believe that Stark want to do good . you do too . it 's a matter of method . many time out of evil come good . well , pain be a evil . as a doctor you should know that . stanton pain be a evil ; it be not evil . it be not evil in itself . Stark be evil . jack the people of the state do not think so . stanton how would they know ? the first thing he do be to take over the newspaper and the radio station . why be so afraid of criticism ? if Stark be interested in do good , he should also be interested in the truth . I do not see how you can separate the two . no , Stark be not for I . anne ( upset ) no , Stark be not for you . well , what be for you ? pride . pride , that 's all it be ... foolish , stupid pride . all you have ever talk about be what you could do if ... if somebody would tear down and build . all right , all right , somebody have , and he 's give it to you . but he 's not for you . no , he 's not for you . she throw down she glass and run cry from the room . Adam go after she . stanton Anne ... Anne ... Interior : stanton hallway and stair , night Anne run upstairs and Adam follow . the judge come out of he room to see what have happen , see Jack stand at the foot of the stair , hesitates a moment , and then go back to he room without speak . dissolve to : Interior : County recorder room , Day Jack enter and speak to a clerk , who then direct he to one of the file . he start to look through the file mark mortgage defaulted . jack ( voice over ) will I find anything , judge ? will I ? I do not find it all at once . it take a long time to go through old courthouse record and musty deed ... a very long time . but it be not too hard for I . I be well train in research , especially this kind . he pull out a file . jack ( voice over ) I find what I do not want to find . he take the file back to the clerk . jack have some photostat copy make of this . I will be back tomorrow for they . dissolve to : Interior : Jack 's Hotel bedroom , Day Jack be lie on he bed , look over the document that relate to the judge . he look haggard and worried . there be a knock on the door . Jack do not answer ; the knock be repeat . jack who be it ? sadie' voice it 's I , sadie burke . jack wait a minute . he hide the document under he pillow . jack all right , come in . she come in , sniff the air . sadie phew ! awful lot of smoke . awful lot of whisky . you sober ? jack Stone . sadie I will have one with you . ( start tidy up the room ) what be you hide out for ? jack I be not . I have be sleep . sadie for four day ? you have be back in town for four day . jack Willie know everything . sadie Willie 's worried about he boy . jack Willie 's boy be worried about Willie 's boy . sadie well , why do not you put something on the phonograph -- a low - down , mean blue . play it over and over again until you be sick of it . then crack it and go back to work . ( sit down ) I do it all the time . jack that 's not my problem . sadie no , it be not you problem . ( get up again ) I will wait for you if you want to powder you nose . Jack go into the bathroom . jack I will be with you in a minute . sadie wander around . she go to the dresser , upon which be a photograph of Anne stanton . she pick up the picture and place it so she can see it in the mirror and compare it with she own reflection . sadie hmmm . yeah , I can see it . I have get to look in the mirror to be able to see it . Soft , white skin ... not like mine . ( run she hand across she cheek ) I have smallpox when I be a kid . where I live it seem nearly all the kid have smallpox ... Jack watch she through the open bathroom door . sadie it leave you face hard . then she 's get poise . look at the way she hold she head ... at just the right angle . that take training . that take year of training ... Jack , towel in hand , come out and stand behind she . he look at she in the mirror , puzzle . sadie I see what Willie see . Willie 's get big idea , Jack . jack what do you mean ? sadie a girl like that could be a governor 's wife . or even a President 's . jack what be you talk about ? sadie he ditch Lucy , he ditch I , and he will ditch you . jack ( shaking she ) answer I ! sadie he will ditch everybody in the whole world because that 's what Willie want . nobody in the world but he . jack what be you talk about ? sadie you and you high - tone friend . what do they know ? what do they know about anything ? why do you have to mix she in ? jack you be crazy , sadie . you be out of you mind . sadie be I ? well , why do not you go down and ask she . or ask he . ask Willie . jack shut up ! sadie go ahead , ask he . jack shut up ! sadie ask he ! he slap she hard . sadie ow-oo ... oh ... oh . she start to laugh . dissolve to : exterior : football field , Day a football team be practice on the field . Willie watch from the bench . a player kick the ball and Tom miss it . Jack walk over to Willie . jack he 's off today . willie it 's only practice . he will be all right tomorrow ... you be go a long time , Jack . jack yeah . I figure if you need I you would yell . willie why would you lay around the hotel ? jack think . willie about what ? jack thing . willie what do you find on the judge ? jack nothing . willie you sure you do not find anything on the judge ? jack yeah , I be sure . willie you be go to keep try , be not you ? jack if you want I to . willie I want you to . there 's something else I want you to do too . jack what ? bucket boy ? towel slinger ? what ? willie ( look at he closely ) what 's eat you , Jack ? jack ( avoid it ) what else do you want I to do ? willie if you have get something on you mind , boy , spit it out . we have be together too long to play game . jack what do you want I to do ? willie I hear you pal Adam stanton turn down the job as director of the hospital . that 's bad . especially at a time like this . jack oh ? how do you hear it ? willie why ? what difference do it make ? jack I just want to know . willie I hear it around . jack ( insistent ) how do you hear he turn it down , Willie ? out on the field the boy have stop play and be huddle around the coach . willie I will be right back , Jack . I want to see what 's happen here . he go over to the group on the field . the coach be talk to Tom . coach you go to practice the way I tell you . tom I be go to do it the way I want to do it . Willie come up to they . willie Tom , come here . what 's go on here ? coach I do not care if he be you son , Governor ... no special rule for he . tom it do not make any difference to I either way ... whether I play or not . willie well , it do to I . ( to coach ) what do you want he to do ? coach to behave himself . like the rest of the boy . four time this season he 's break training . he come on the practice field half pot . willie Tom , you be go to have to obey the rule . do you hear I ? you be go to obey the rule . tom I put them across , do not I ? every Saturday I put them across and I can still do it , drunk or sober . that 's all you want , be not it ... for I to put them across so you can big -shot it around ? be not that all you want ? he walk away . willie Tom ! ( to coach ) he 's a little high -strung . ( go after Tom ) Tom , come here . Tom ! dissolve to : exterior : highway , foggy Day sign in foreground read : willie stark highway U.S. 56 . a car swerve around a bend and careen down the highway . Tom and he girl friend helene be in the car . Tom be drink . helene ( laugh ) come on , Tommy ... let 's go faster . come on ... the car go across a bridge , weaving . two motorcycle cop park there start to give chase . Tom 's car swerve out of control and crash through a fence . the two motorcycle cop ride out to the field to the wreck car . they find Tom and helene , unconscious . one of the cop pick up the empty bottle and hand it to the other . 2 nd cop ( look at Tom ) it 's the governor 's son . he throw the bottle away . dissolve to : newspaper headline governor be son hurt : girl near death in crash below the headline be a picture of helene hale 's father . another picture of Mr. hale on the front page . caption read : girl father claim drunk drive cause of wreck admittance to hospital denied PRESS dissolve to : Interior : Governor 's mansion , night Lucy and Mr. hale walk across the large reception room toward Willie . Jack , sugar Boy , and duffy stand around in the background . lucy Willie , Mr. hale 's here to see you . Willie come to meet they , a drink in he hand . he be obviously drunk . willie go on upstairs , Lucy . I have some business I want to talk over with Mr. hale . hale what I have get to say anybody can listen to ... where 's you boy ? willie now ... now , do not get excited . ( to sugar Boy ) get I another drink , sugar . hale my daughter may die . willie she 's not go to die . she will get the best medical attention there be . no expense will be spare . hale where 's you boy ? lucy I will get he . willie wait a minute , Lucy . he 's asleep . and the doctor say after a good night 's sleep he will be all right . lucy no , he will not be all right unless you make he all right . I will get he . she go . willie Lucy ! ( to hale ) you care for a drink ? hale no thanks . willie accident will happen , you know . hale accident ? you boy be drunk . willie I see the police report . there ... there be nothing about drunkenness on the police report . hale whose police and whose report ? I say the boy be drunk . and I know it . Tom come down the stair , with Lucy . hale ( to Tom ) right here before you father ... I want you -- tom Mr. hale -- willie Tom , the doctor say you need rest , boy . tom ( turn on he ) I do not want you to try to cover up for I . I be wrong ... that 's all there be to it . willie you do not know what you be talk about . I see the police report -- tom I do not care what the police report say . I be drive and I be drunk . it 's all my fault . ( to hale ) anything you want to do to I , you can do . whatever you want I to do , I will do . willie nobody have to do anything . stop worry . I will take care of everything . tom I do not want you to take care of anything . Tom look ill ; he press he hand to he forehead . willie Tom , go on upstairs and get some rest , boy . go on ... go on ... go on . Tom walk slowly toward the stair . willie sugar , help he ... Mr. hale , come on over and sit down . you sure you would not care for a drink , Mr. hale ? hale sit down , shake he head . willie hey , tiny , go home . go on , out of here ... out of here . go on . duffy leave , disgruntled . Willie sit on a coffee table . he pour himself another drink . willie what business do you say you be in ? hale I do not say . willie what business be you in ? hale truck business . willie truck business . truck run on state road . if a man in the truck business have a contract with the state , a big one , that would be pretty good , would not it ? ( to Jack ) go on , Jack . tell he what would happen . Jack be silent . willie go on , tell he . hale you be try to bribe I , be not you ? willie no , no . no , I be not try to bribe you . I be ... I be only talk thing over with you , that 's all . hale you be pretty good at talk . I remember when you first start talk . a place call upton . you do a lot of talk then and the thing you say make sense , to I and a lot of other people . I believe in you ... I follow you ... and I fight for you . well , the word be still good . but you be not . ( rise ) and I do not believe you ever be . he walk out of the room . willie ( after a pause ) sugar , follow he . keep call in . sugar go , leave just Jack and Willie . Willie , very drunk , try to get up but fall against the piano . willie ( yell ) Lucy !... Lucy ! he stagger up the long stairway . halfway up he tumble , groan . Jack help he to he foot . jack I would like Anne to see you now . I would like Anne to see you now , you drunken sot ! ( drag he up the stair ) come on . fade out fade in : newspaper photograph of helene hale on front page . headline read : girl crash victim die under the photograph there be a caption : father mysteriously disappear after baring bribe offer by governor stark dissolve to : exterior : Governor 's mansion , Day Willie , Jack , and sugar Boy be accost by a group of newsmen as they come down the stair . newsmen what about the girl 's father , Governor ? have you a statement to make ? willie all right , all right , gentleman . I will give you a statement . this whole thing be a mess of lie . it 's a frame . the man that make that statement ... have he repeat it to my face . he can not . he vanish . let I ask you some question . where have he go ? where be he ? reporter maybe you could answer that question too , Governor . sugar Boy make a move for the reporter but Willie hold he back . willie I will not dignify that question with a answer . another reporter one more question , Governor ... where 's you son ? willie at the football stadium , where he 's suppose to be . he 's go to play for State University , which this administration be responsible for . he 's not hide from anybody , gentleman . he will be out there in full view of seventy thousand cheer fan . ( start down the stair ) one of which will be I . see you , man . he leave , follow by Jack and sugar Boy . dissolve to : exterior : football field , Day the game be in progress and the stand be pack . but there be no cheer . instead we hear boo , and shout for Tom . crowd voice where 's Stark ? how about Tommy Stark ? hey , Willie , send you boy in . exterior : Willie 's box Willie , Jack , sugar Boy , and Lucy be in one box . sadie and duffy sit in the adjoin one . Willie be stand up . the crowd continue to heckle he . willie why do not they put he in ! man come on , Willie ... send you boy in . a drunk come over to he box . drunk what 's the matter , Willie ... be you little boy ashamed to show he face ? duffy shut up ! Willie signal angrily to the police . willie get that man out of here ! come on , get he out of here . the man be drag away . the crowd boo , and Willie get up and leave the box , follow by Jack . dissolve to : Interior : Stadium dress room , Day Tom be sit on one of the massage table with a towel around he shoulder as Willie and Jack come in . the sound of the boo can still be hear . willie they be boo you . tom ( hold he head ) ever since the accident , my head ... willie the doctor say it be nothing . tom get dizzy ... can not see ... dizzy ... willie you be scared ... plain scared . tom ( look up angrily ) get out of here ! willie Atta boy ... get mad . show some spirit . Jack , tell he what he play mean . go on , tell he . jack you can never tell about a head injury . maybe the boy 's hurt . willie he 's hurt ? I be hurt . it be not I that wrap that car around the tree . it be not I that get drunk . but I , I be takin ' the rap . ( softer , to Tom ) go on , kid . get out there and play . show them the kind of stuff a Stark be make of . tom ( coldly ) I would not know . enrage , Willie slap he . Tom fight back , and Jack have to pull they apart . jack Tom ... cut it out ! tom ( breathe heavily ) all right , I will play . now get out of here . camera hold on Tom as Jack and Willie leave . he pick up he uniform , stop , then rub he head . dissolve to : exterior : football Stadium , Day Tom be on the field . he run up to the coach . p.a. announcer Stark 's go in ! the boo turn to cheer . the crowd applaud . Willie signal from he box to the coach . he want Tom send in . Tom run out on the field and join the team . the player be line up , in position to play . Tom shake he head , as if try to clear it . dissolve to : exterior : football Stadium , time lapse the crowd yell excitedly . Tom , look weary , get the ball and run with it downfield . Three player tackle he hard and fall on he . a silence fall over the stadium as he fail to get up with the other . in Willie 's box , everyone be stand . lucy Tommy ... Tommy ... Tommy ! Willie rush out onto the field and kneel beside Tom as the doctor and stretcher bearer arrive . dissolve to : Interior : Hospital wait room , night Lucy and Willie be wait for news about tom. sugar Boy come in with a paper bag and set it on a table . sugar boy b-b-boss , you gotta eat . you g-g - gotta . Willie motion he away . willie I be the one that make he play . I send he in . lucy sit down , Willie . please sit down . willie I send he in . lucy what difference do that make now ? Jack come in . willie what go on ? jack there be not a plane fly . willie they gotta fly . this be my son . he 's get to live . Adam stanton enter . stanton I just get a call from Dr. birnham . the earliest he can possibly get here will be tomorrow morning . willie be not there anybody else we can get ? jack I still think Dr. stanton should operate . stanton that 's up to Governor Stark . he want another doctor ... a specialist . I send for one . willie how bad be it really , doctor ? stanton he 's unconscious ... and paralyze . Lucy slump in she chair . willie have he get a chance ? stanton to live ? yes . willie what do you mean ? stanton even if the operation 's successful -- that be , if he life -- I think he will be paralyze for life . willie you will do everything you can , will not you ? anything between you and I .. that will not count , will it ? it do not have to . look , doc , anything you want in the world you just ask for it and you get it . go on , doc ... ask for it . stanton ( coldly ) there be some thing , Governor Stark , that even you can not buy . do you want I to operate , or do not you ? lucy yes ... I want you to operate . ( stand up ) please , may I see Tom now ? stanton yes . they leave together . willie ( to Jack ) how much do the doc know ? jack about what ? willie oh , you know what I be talk about . jack about what ? willie about Anne and I . jack ( after a pause ) he do not know a thing ... not a thing . Jack turn and walk away . dissolve to : exterior : Hospital , night Anne have be wait outside the hospital . she turn to Jack as he come out the door . anne Jack , how be he ? jack the boy ? anne yes . jack he will live . anne oh , thank God . how be -- jack Willie ? anne he blame himself , do not he ? jack ( as he walk down the street ) he will find someone else to blame in a few day . anne ( follow he ) oh , I try to call here at the hospital , but I just ... they walk together , along the waterfront . jack Anne ... Anne , why do you do it ? anne he be not like anybody I ever know before . jack you mean he be not like I . anne he be not like anybody I ever know before . I love he , I guess . I guess that 's the reason . jack everybody love he . anne he want to marry I . jack be you go to ? anne not now . it would hurt he . a divorce would hurt he career . jack his career ! anne Jack ... Jack , what be you go to do ? you can not leave he now . he need you now more than he ever do before . jack what Willie need , Willie 's get . anne you do not know he . you have know he all this year and you do not really know he at all . jack what about Adam ? anne Adam ? jack well , you do not have to worry about he . if Adam find out it will be easy to prove a stanton be no different than anybody else . ( give she the papers on the judge ) just show he this . Willie be right ... a man be conceive in sin and bear in corruption . even judge stanton . show they to he , Anne . Change the picture of the world that Adam have in he head , just like we picture of it have be change . he grip she by the shoulder . jack wipe out everything he 's ever believe in . it will be good for he . there 's no God but Willie Stark . I be he prophet and you be he ... ( push she aside , then feel sorry and walk after she ) oh , Anne ... Anne , I be sorry . I do not mean ... Anne ! a policeman come over . policeman what 's go on here ? Jack catch up to Anne . he take she arm and they start to walk back together . jack it 's all right , officer ... we both work for Willie Stark . fade out fade in : exterior : Hospital Site , Day Willie , Anne , Adam , and Jack inspect a construction site . there be newsmen and photographer present . willie ( to Adam ) right over there , that 's go to be the main building ... fifteen storey high , like on the model . over there , that 's the laboratory . finest technical equipment in the world . stanton what be you try to convince I of ? I have take the job . willie why ? stanton my reason be my own . why be you building a hospital ? willie to do some good for the people of the state . stanton and get some vote . willie oh , there be lot of way to get vote . stanton yes , I know ... I will not stand for any interference . willie I will not interfere . I may fire you , but I will not interfere . stanton if that 's a threat , you be waste you time . you know what I think of you administration . willie yes , I know . I will tell you what ... you stay on you side of the fence ; I will stay on mine . be that a deal ? they climb up onto the platform , where the newsmen gather around to take picture . Willie and Adam shake hand . jack ( voice over ) now he have we all ... I , Anne , and Adam . now we all work for he . fade out fade in : Interior : projection room , Day Willie , Jack , and sugar Boy be watch a newsreel , similar in style to the March of time newsreel . a producer , he assistant , and two policeman be also in the room . narrator's voice and so the eye of the entire nation be now focus upon Governor Willie Stark , a amazing phenomenon on the american political scene . the whole state be fill with he accomplishment -- each of they , of course , bear he personal signature , to make sure that no one will ever forget who give they to the state . montage : the newsreel large plaque on side of the highway : this bridge be built during the first administration of governor stark . a toll bridge stood here for fifty year ... now the people TRAVEL free camera pan to shot of the bridge . plaque over college entrance : stark college ... that every man , woman , or child , rich or poor , shall have a education ... willie stark shot of library -- lettering read willie stark library . knowledge belong to the people shot of bad road run through dry , barren land . narrator's voice this be the way the road use to be . but there be that who claim that they be adequate for the people 's need , that you do not need a four - or six - lane highway for a horse and buggy . shot of horse pull a plow . the empty , untraverse stark highway . narrator's voice when Stark boast of he great school system , he critic say : you can not go to school and work in the field at the same time . and they question the benefit of this project , charge that the need and the poverty of the people be as great as before . shot of large school . camera cut to man work in the field , then to ramshackle barn , and to a farmer walk across he rotted cornfield . narrator's voice Willie Stark have never forget the source of he power : the people who support he . Willie talk to the farmer . narrator's voice he still keep in touch with this people of the backwood , make periodic trip to such place as kanoma City , now famous as he birthplace ... Willie 's official car and escort speed through a street . sign read : kanoma CITY , birthplace of willie stark shot of Willie have he picture take with Lucy and pappy on the porch of the old farm . Willie mend the fence on the farm . Willie feed the pig . narrator's voice for that who say that Willie Stark be a man of destiny , there be other who claim that he be a man of evil , a man who care neither for the people nor the state , but only for he own personal power and ambition . Willie make a speech to a huge crowd of cheer people . Willie inspect he police force . Willie pound the desk in the state legislature . narrator's voice obviously , this ambition go far beyond the boundary of the state . just how far , only time will tell . meanwhile , he be here ... Big close - up of Willie as he deliver a speech . narrator's voice ... and from the look of thing , he be here to stay . Willie Stark : messiah or dictator ? the picture go off and the light in the room come on . producer how do you like it , Governor ? Willie stand and face the producer . willie how many theater will this play in ? producer all over the country . willie hear that , Jack . all over the country . they start to leave . Willie stop for a moment . willie oh , there 's one thing in there I do not like too well . that messiah or dictator . producer that 's we point of view , Governor . and that 's the way it stand . there be a silence . Willie 's face be hard . then he grin . willie all right , all right , that 's the way it stand ... as of now . fade out fade in : newspaper headline stark begins re-election campaign statewide tour start with visit to kanoma CITY dissolve to : exterior : stark farmhouse , day Tom and pappy Stark be seat on the porch . Tom be in a wheelchair . Lucy come onto the porch as the sound of siren be hear , and Willie 's two car , motorcycle escort , and the car of reporter turn onto the drive . Tom , upset , flip he cigarette away as the car stop in front of the porch . Lucy put she hand on he shoulder to calm he . then Willie climb up the step to greet Lucy . willie hello , Lucy ... how be you make it , pa ?... how be you , Tom ? Tom do not answer . Lucy offer she cheek to Willie . sadie , Jack , and sugar Boy wait at the bottom of the step , along with the reporter . lucy I make some refreshment for you friend . I will get they . sadie I will help . lucy ( firmly ) no , thank you . thank you kindly . jack if you do not mind , Mrs. Stark ... the boy have to get back to make the morning edition . ( to photographer ) set them up on the porch , fellow . we will take some picture out here , first . he start arrange the family for the picture . jack Mrs. Stark , please ... all right , fellow , take one down there , will you please ... shoot it up this way . the camera click . dissolve to : Interior : Stark farmhouse , night Willie be finish he meal , seat at the table with he family and Jack . sugar Boy stand behind Willie . sadie have leave the table and be examine the room . willie ( on the last bite ) you be still a great cook , Lucy . great cook . ( get up ) well , I guess I better be get back to town . Nice to have spend the day with the family . ( kiss Lucy on the forehead ) Goodbye , Lucy . ( extend he hand to Tom ) Tom . tom ( ignore the gesture ) Goodbye . willie take care of yourself , pappy . oh , uh ... how do you like the new radio I get you ? ( walk over to it ) you know how it work ? you can get police call on it . come here , come here ... I will show you . pappy lean over as Willie demonstrate how it work . willie this one for police call up here . he turn the dial . police broadcast car sixty - two , proceed to five - eighteen oak Street . Tom Jones beat he wife again . pappy laugh delightedly . he reach out to turn the dial . willie all right , go ahead , go ahead . announcer's voice we interrupt this program to bring you a special announcement . this afternoon , the body of Richard hale , father of the girl who die in the automobile accident involve the governor 's son , be find . a medical examination reveal he be beat to death . Tom start to wheel toward Willie , but Lucy restrain he . announcer's voice the ugly charge of " official murder " have be hurl at the administration by a coalition of Stark 's opponent , lead by judge stanton , lately a outspoken critic of the administration . willie ( to Jack ) you friend , the judge . announcer's voice thus a almost forget incident provide the spark that might set off the explosion need to rock Willie Stark out of power . the latest report be that impeachment proceedings may be institute ... Willie turn off the radio . there be a silence . then Willie turn to Lucy . willie how long will it take you to pack ? I want you to go back to Capital City with I tonight . lucy why ? willie because I need you . tom what for ? willie ( still speak to Lucy ) I will explain all of that later . now , Lucy , do like I say . jack I will wait outside . willie you stay right here , Jack . I want you bear witness to what I have get to say . lucy ( indicate sadie ) she can be a witness too . sadie ( start toward the door ) I be go back to the capital and get hold of duffy . willie you stay right here , sadie . sadie somebody 's get to go back to the capital . I will go in the other car . willie all right , then tell duffy not to do anything or say anything until I get there . sadie yes , Governor . she leave . tom now he need we . now that he 's in trouble he need we , so he can lead we around like monkey with ring in we nose . so he can say to people , look at I , feel sorry for I ... just a family man with a wife and a crippled son ... willie ( shout ) shut up ! lucy Willie ! tom why do not you leave we alone ? Tom wheel himself into he own room . Lucy start to follow . willie leave he alone . how many scrape have I get he out of ? how many girl ? lucy Willie , stop . willie it 's not he they be after . it 's I . how many halfwitted ape do you think I be go to have to pay to square this one ? what do you think this be go to cost I ? lucy what do you think it cost he ? suddenly Willie turn he face away . willie ( in a break voice ) a man build for he son . that 's all he build for . lucy Willie ! ( turn and go into Tom 's room ) Tom ... Tom . Willie look up at Jack and pappy . willie give I a drink , Jack . Jack hand he a bottle and he take a slug . willie she will go . pappy shake he head . pappy no good , Willie . no good . dissolve to : exterior : Stark farmhouse , night pappy stay behind on the porch as Tom be carry in he wheelchair down the step and into Willie 's car . Lucy follow . the motorcycle escort lead they away from the farm . dissolve to : exterior : highway , night as the car speed to Capital City . Interior : State legislature , night there be great excitement in the assembly room . one senator step forward and address the speaker of the house . senator Mr. speaker , I offer a house resolution . whereas Willie Stark , governor of this state , have be guilty of incompetence , corruption , and favoritism in office -- yes , and other high crime -- that he be hereby impeach , and order to be try by the senate . his resolution be meet with a mixture of cheer and boo . exterior : State Capitol , night a huge crowd be gather outside . pillsbury , sadie , and duffy , wait with the crowd , step forward as they see Willie 's car approach . newsmen take picture as Willie get out of the car . willie ( as he meet duffy ) what 's the score ? duffy they be line up against you solid . they have a meeting . willie how do you know ? be you there ? duffy I ? what would I be do there ? willie selling I out . he start up the step of the building . dissolve to : Interior : Willie 's executive Offices , night willie how many vote have we get ? sadie ( go through some file ) eleven . willie we need twenty . duffy we might be able to dig up a few more . willie yeah . do you know how ? duffy no. Willie turn to Jack . willie oh , Jack . come here . what have you get in you black book about that old friend of yours ? jack who do you mean ? willie you know who I be talk about ... you old friend , the judge . jack if and when you need it . willie if and when ? I need it right now . he 's get four senator wrap up in he hip pocket . come on , come on , boy ... what have you get ? jack I be go to give he a break . if he can prove it be not true , I will not spill it . willie I ought to bust you , Jack . jack I promise two people I would do it this way . willie who be they ? jack myself ... and someone else . it do not matter who . I be go to give he a break . willie all right , give he a break . but if you get the fact , you get the fact . the truth be sufficient ... just like it say in the Bible . jack that 's the way it 's go to be . willie all right , boy ... I will trust you . where be you go ? jack ( on he way out ) I will be around . Willie turn to go into he private office . sadie who else do you think he promise , Willie ? Willie shrug . sadie you would be smart ... play square with he . you be go to need people like we around . willie ( as he shut he door ) be you sure ? dissolve to : montage : the impeachment Willie 's car speed down a road . Willie , with Lucy and Tom seat behind he , address crowd . Willie speak from the back of a train to a railroad station audience . jack ( voice over ) the chip be down , and Willie know it . he be fight for he life . he roar across the state make one speech after another . and all of they add up to the same thing ... " it 's not I they be after , it 's you ! " Close -up of Willie , speak to the people . jack ( voice over ) Willie hollere foul . Willie know if you hollere long enough , hard enough , and loud enough , people begin to believe you . just in case they do not , he organize spontaneous demonstration . sign on back of a car : fight with willie crowd carry sign : win with willie Willie talk on the telephone . sadie listen . willie tell the boy to get the hick out . bring them in from the stick , empty the pool hall . turn them out . turn the yokel out . more man with win with willie sign . man direct crowd from top of bus . other bus load of people be see , all of they bear sign . jack ( voice over ) in case anyone hollere back , he organize spontaneous slugging . Willie pull every trick he ever know -- and add a few more . crowd look on as two uniform police drag a man away . Willie 's car wait . two thug talk thing over with a man on he doorstep . Willie discuss matter with a man in he office . two cop stand with he . Willie and Jack in the car . sugar Boy drive . it be night . sugar Boy drive fast , and have to swerve to avoid collide with a truck . jack hey , sugar ! ( to Willie ) you will never live to be impeach ! willie Boy , I will live to be President ... Jack and sugar wait in the car as Willie lean out the car window to talk to a senator . he offer the man a piece of paper . willie I have get fourteen senator to vote against impeachment . if I win , you be out of politics . senator ( refuse to sign ) I will do whatever the judge say . dissolve to : exterior : highway , night Willie 's car , as it race down the highway . jack ( voice over ) and always the trail lead to one place ... burden 's landing ... and the judge . exterior : ferry to burden 's landing , night Willie 's car come across on the ferry . dissolve to : exterior : stanton Home , night as Willie 's car stop and they all get out . willie you sure you do not want I to go in with you ? jack I be sure . willie well , hurry it up , boy . we have get place to go . Jack go into the house alone . dissolve to : Interior : judge stanton 's Study , night Jack and the judge be seat opposite each other . jack judge , I beg you , as a favor to yourself , to I ... call up , release you vote . judge I make a mistake once , Jack ... when I resign . it be too easy then , just resign , pull out . no , Jack , I have make my choice . I have nothing more to lose . jack judge , you know what Stark be capable of . think it over . I will leave now . I will come back tomorrow and we will talk about it again . you can give I you answer then . the door open and Willie and sugar Boy enter . willie I can not wait until tomorrow . I be a very impatient man . jack ( rise ) I tell you not to come in here . willie ( ignore he ) be it true , judge , that you be behind the impeachment proceedings ? judge yes , it 's true . Willie take a seat in a easy chair . willie I want to hear you say it with you own silver tongue . judge well , you have hear it . if that 's all you come to hear you could have save yourself a trip . Willie pick up a decanter off the table . willie mind if I pour myself a drink ? how about you , judge , will you have one ? you better ... you be go to need it . Jack and judge stanton remain stand , silently watch Willie . willie what would he say , Jack ? jack you will get you answer tomorrow . willie be you kid ? do you show it to he , or do not you ? judge show I what ? willie that 's what I figure . let 's get down to case , judge . do you remember a man with the name of littlepaugh ? the judge shake he head . he do not . willie remember the fortune electric company ? judge of course . I be they counsel for over ten year . willie remember how you get the job ? jack how do you find out ? willie ( hand the judge some papers ) do you remember how you get the job ? the judge examine the papers . willie you know , judge , dirt 's a funny thing . some of it rub off on everybody . how do you get the job , judge ? blackmail ? judge ( to Jack ) I swear I never even remember he name . be not that remarkable , Jack ? I never even remember he name . it 's all so long ago it 's hard for I to realize it ever happen . willie yeah . but it do . judge yes , it do . but it 's difficult for I to realize it . jack for I too , judge . judge thanks for that much . willie well , I guess you know what the next move be , do not you ? judge yes , I do . Jack burden . Willie Stark 's hatchet man . jack ( to Willie ) I ask you ... how do you find out ? judge this would never stand at law , not for a minute . it happen over twenty - five year ago , and you could never get any testimony . everybody be dead . willie everybody except you , judge . you be alive . and people think you be a certain kind of man . and you just could not bear for people to think otherwise . judge ever since then I ... I have do my duty . I ... I be responsible for many good thing . ( look at the papers again ) but I also do this . willie yes , yes , you do . jack judge , I beg of you , call and release you vote , for you sake . judge you have tender sensibility for a hatchet man . ( go to the door ) good night , gentleman . willie how about my answer ? judge you will have it in the morning . willie I want it tonight . judge in the morning . good night , gentleman . there be silence . then the three man get up to go . the judge close the door behind they . Interior : stanton hallway , night as the three man walk to the front door . jack how do you find out ? willie we have get a lot to do . it 's get late , Jack . let 's get back to town . jack you know we be through , do not you ? willie aw , you do not mean that , boy . the front door open , and Adam and Anne come in . stanton what be you do here ? willie it 's all right , doc . just here to discuss some politics with the judge . stanton oh , I see. ( start upstairs ) well , good night . willie good night . jack ( to Anne ) do you give he -- willie wait a minute , Jack -- jack answer I . do you give -- a shot be fire . they turn and rush into the judge 's study . they find the judge face downward in he leather chair . Adam and Jack kneel beside he . Willie , hold on tightly to Anne 's arm , stand in the doorway . Jack pick up the judge 's pistol and look at Adam . dissolve to : exterior : stanton Home , night Jack come out of the house , follow by Anne and Adam . stanton be not you go back with he ? jack no. stanton why not ? you belong with he . Jack , how could you have do it ? when Anne bring I that papers she tell I you promise not to tell Stark until ... jack yeah . I know . ( walk away ) well , I keep my promise . Adam look unbelievingly at Anne . she look away . stanton Anne ? Anne ? fade out fade in : Interior : Jack 's Hotel room ( State Capital ) , Day Jack look out the window . a portable radio be blaring out the news . announcer's voice from all over the state they be stream in . from the hill country and farm , the lumber camp ... by boat , by train , by horse , and on foot . Willie Stark 's army . through Jack 's window we see the street block with car and people , all head for the State Capitol Building . Anne be in the crowd , try to get across the street . see Jack in the window , she push she way across and enter the hotel . he slam the window shut and come back into the room . announcer's voice the state capital be fill with rumor , one of which be that Stark be plan to seize power by force . as commander of the state militia , he have -- Jack turn it off . he go over to he bed and start put clothes into a valise . there be a knock on the door . he ignore it . another knock . jack come in . the door 's open . Anne enter . anne Jack ... jack what do you want ? she start to cry . he grab she , pull she face close to he . jack ( bitterly ) no , I want to see you cry . he let she go and she fall to the bed , sobbing . jack stop it ! anne I call you . all afternoon I have be call you . jack I know . I be here . anne you have get to tell Adam . you have get to see he . jack tell he what ? anne he know about I and ... jack about you and Willie ? anne ( nod ) I try to explain to he . I ... I try to explain to he that it be not the way he think it be . jack how be it , Anne ? you tell I . anne he hit I , Jack . my own brother ... he hit I . jack you brother be a old - fashioned man . he believe in he sister 's honor . I , I be a modern man . ( slam clothes into the valise ) the twentieth - century type . I run . anne ( rise ) I be frighten , Jack . jack for who ? you brother , or Willie ? anne ( quietly ) we be through . jack who 's through with who ? anne he call I this afternoon . he 's go back to Lucy . he say it be better that way . jack better for who ? him . anne both of we . jack do he tell you that too when he ask you to betray the judge ? at least I walk out on he . anne oh Jack ... help I , please , please . Adam 's all I have get leave now . oh , Jack , if you ever love I ... jack if I ever love you . ( pause ) I will go find Adam . he take up he coat . dissolve to : exterior : hospital site , day a large billboard . it read here on this site will be erected the governor stark hospital -- to heal sickness -- to ease pain -- free . not as a charity but as a right . willie stark Adam enter , look at the sign , and walk on . exterior : Street near Capitol Building , Day crowd of people head toward the building , some with win with willie sign . a march band play music for they . exterior : Capitol Building , Day crowd wait outside the building . mounted policeman keep they in line . from a large platform , load with people , come the chant " we want Willie , we want Willie . " Jack push he way through the people and speak to a policeman stand guard on the Capitol step . cop where do you think you be go ? ( recognize Jack ) oh , I be sorry . I do not recognize you . jack do you know who Dr. stanton be ? cop yes sir . jack do he try to come through here today ? cop have not see he , sir . jack well , can you check the other entrance ? 2 nd cop there 's no other entrance today . the other entrance be block off . order be to take no chance . cop if you care to come inside and wait , Mr. burden , we can find you a seat . jack no , thanks . I will wait out here . if Dr. stanton show up , let I know . pass the word along to the boy , will you ? cop yes sir . Jack turn and look at the large crowd . a voice from a public address loudspeaker begin to yell out command to the crowd . loudspeaker all right now . everybody ... that mean everybody ... let 's let Willie know we be here ! all together : we want willie . we want willie . the chant be pick up enthusiastically by the crowd . Interior : State legislature , Day the speaker be try to speak over the clamor of the chant . speaker we will first proceed to take the judgment of the senate on the question of the impeachment of the governor . senator ( rise ) Mr. speaker , this be a farce to ask we to vote in the face of the kind of intimidation and pressure that have be exerted here in the past few week . even that crowd outside , yell on cue , be part of that pressure . crowd noise we want Willie . we want Willie . Willie get up , and go to the window . exterior : State Capitol , Day the crowd , with Jack in the foreground . the crowd suddenly go wild as they see Willie appear at the window . in the grow darkness he seem only a shadowy figure as he raise he hand to wave to the crowd . we see various shot of people strain to get a little closer to the step in order to see he better . Willie then turn and go back into the room . dissolve to : exterior : State Capitol , Day the crowd again , still wait . the camera pan upward to a loudspeaker . announcer attention , please . attention , please . this be a special announcement from Willie Stark to you people out there . he do not want any one of you to leave ... the camera move over the face of the people listen . announcer he want you to stay in front of this state Capitol until the fight be over . if you want Willie Stark to win , stay where you be . they cheer . camera pick up Jack watch the crowd 's reaction , then up to a plaque over the entrance to the Capitol Building . it read the people's will be the law of this state -- governor stark . announcer do you hear I ... stay where you be . do not go away . stay where you be . do not go away . dissolve to : exterior : State Capitol , night newsmen , photographer stand about , bored . the crowd , every bit as large , be quiet but expectant . everyone hold still as the announcer 's voice be hear again . announcer attention , please . attention , please . the balloting on the impeachment proceedings against Governor Stark have just end . this be the result : Willie Stark have win . the crowd explode . people break through the police barrier . mounted policeman ride in quickly to prevent a riot . camera pick up Anne in the crowd , try to push through . Jack stand on the step of the Capitol , watch it all . suddenly Willie appear at the top of the step , follow by sugar Boy . sadie , duffy , pillsbury follow close behind . Willie grab hold of the mike and address the suddenly hushed crowd . willie they try to ruin I . but they be ruin . they try to ruin I because they do not like what I have do . do you like what I have do ? loud applause , and cry of " yes . " willie remember , it 's not I who have win , but you . you will be my strength , and you need be my justice , and I shall live in you right and you will . and if any man try to stop I from fulfil that right and that will , I will break he . I will break he with my bare hand . for I have the strength of many . have finish , he wave at they all . then he notice Jack and come down the step to greet he . willie hello , Jack boy , I be glad you be here . I know you would come back . he walk back up the step , he arm around Jack 's shoulder . they start to go into the building that way when Willie see someone . he smile and put out he hand . willie oh , doctor , I be very glad to see you . Adam be see , wait at the entrance of the building . before Willie have take a step Adam fire several shot into he . Willie fall to the ground and sugar Boy whip out he pistol and fire at Adam . Three policeman with tommy gun open fire , shoot into Adam 's already fall body . then they turn and point they gun at the mob of people rush toward Willie , force they back . cop stand back , everybody . stand back . sugar Boy kneel beside Willie . sadie stand against a pillar , look down on he . sugar boy ( nearly cry ) d- do it hurt m-much , boss ? d- d - do it hurt much ? Jack look up to see Anne struggle through the scream mob to get to Adam . she look at Adam for a moment , then turn away . jack Anne , Anne ... where be you go ? she do not answer , only walk away . he run after she and catch hold of she arm . anne I do not know . leave I alone . jack to do what ? anne I do not care . jack no , that 's too easy . anne I do not know , I do not know , I do not know . jack I do . anne leave I alone , please . jack no , no more . anne he 's dead . jack we be alive . anne my brother 's dead . jack we have get to go on live . anne how ? jack so that Adam 's death have meaning , so that it be not waste . Anne , we life have to give he death meaning . do not you see that ? look at that people ... he turn she around so that she can see the crowd still struggle to get a look at Willie . jack look at they ! they still believe in he . and we have get to make they see Willie the way Adam see he , or there 's no meaning in anything ... anything . a policeman approach . policeman Mr. burden ... the governor 's ask for you . you better hurry . he 's go fast . jack ( to Anne ) will you wait here ? no reply . jack will you wait here ? she nod she head slowly . Jack walk through the building to the pillar against which Willie have be propped . sugar Boy be still beside he . he stand behind sadie and duffy , look down at Willie . willie it could have be the whole world , Willie Stark . the whole world ... Willie Stark . why do he do it to I ... Willie Stark ? why ? his head droops to the side and he die . fade out the end