. all that jazz fade in in_black the single title in white appear : '' all that jazz " fade out title cross fade from black : ecu doctor' hand , syringe and needle . 1 , a injection < ~= into a arm . emergency resident ( v.0 . ) feeling any pain now ? joe ( v.0 , ) ( quite drugge ) 2 emoee CUT to black : hallucinatory dressing room , joe gideon and angelique , 2 night . still in black . we hear a pop tune sung by a contemporary female vocalist ( Melissa Manchester or Carly Simon , etc . ) we be ina strange limbcesque dress room . there be a high wire strung ten to twelve foot above the floor . suddenly a arc bang in : subject : Joe , who be walk the wire . joe ( as he 's walk ) to be on the wire be life : the vest be wait . we hear angelique applaud . camera pan down to include angelique . she be strikingly beautiful and be dress in next year 's vogue high fashion . her voice be soft , gentle , seductive . throughout , she never take she eye off Joe e - totally attentive . along one side of the dress room be a rack fill with costume both male and female . angelique that 's very theatrical . joe nswing down off of wire ) yeah , I know . continued 2 he cross to dress table which be fill with every conceivable kind of make - up and prop , angelique do you make that up ? joe wish I have , by now he be seat at the table and try on a rakish cap . ' joe what do you think ? angelique ( with a slow smile ) I like it ... joe mammmmm . no. ( discard cap , pick up opera hat , pop it open , put it on , strike a pose ) how about this ? angelique ( smile again ) stylish ...ve. stylish , Joe , ( pause but I have see it before , joe wha ? where ?... yeah ? she smile and nod , with a gesture of rejection , he dis - card the opera hat . ecu joe . joe ( very determine ) this have gotta be the best one yet . music out abruptly eade to black -= fade up immediately to : EDT ately to : int . joe' bedroom . ecu hand and cassette machine , 3 Day , he slip in a cassette and we hear vivaldi 5 concerti , 3a continued 3 the music continue through to : int . joe' bathroom . ecu joe' eye . day . 3a the eye be bloodshot . Joe 's hand lift a bottle of visine . we see the drop go into the eye . another angle in bathroom . close shot of glass . a alka seltzer fizzle . Hand reach in , lift out the glass . another angle in bathroom . Joe take a ice cold shower . another angle in bathroom , ecu pill container , we clearly read the prescription label that say : dexe not 5 mge . we also see : Joseph gideon , 61 W. 58 , Dr. hyman . Joe 's hand reach in , palm several pill ; he swallow , aid by a long pull at a coffee mug which rest a a sink . angle into mirror . combe , brightney and bushy - tail , he smile at him= self in the mirror . arm outstretch , joe it 's show time , folk ! fade to black =~ fade up immediately to : new music <= instrumental 4 int , imperial theatre . stage and wing . boy and girl dancers , joe , murray , gretchen . day . a_series of dissolving shot : a typical Broadway musical ensemble audition <= 'a cattle call . 's in this case it be a audition for a new Broadway show , " NY / LA , " to be direct and choreograph by Joe gideon . there be dancer everywhere , crowd the wing , every available backstage area -- a try to learn the audition combination , teach by Joe 's assistant , gretchen . the dancer be have trouble see and find space to dance , they bump into one another ; curse themselves and the people flanking they , and the step . as dissclve progress and Joe make he elimination , the dance never continued 4 stop , the same dance combination be perform as the er of candidate be reduce from the original couple of hundred , aftar the final dissolve we end with a dozen girl dancer in line and a dozen boy dancer wait in the background , also in line . across joe to line of girl dancers . music continue . camera track down line of twelve girl . Joe pause to speak to each in turn . he read from audition card . Joe gideon ig a man who have develop a specific image . dress in casual black clothes , he be a chain smoker with a cigarette constantly droop from the leave corner of he mouth , he ig unusually energetic -- seem to dart swiftly from place to place . his emotion change rapidly without transition . laugh , joke one moment -- then suddenly angry ( usually direct toward himself ) but always accompa - nied by a hyper - nervous energy . note : some of what joe say to the girl be unheard , B = du ! how . Joe have brief dumb show exchange with che first «wo sirl . when he reach the third , a very tall knockout , victoiis , he indicate more than ordinary interest , music under ( light percussion ) joz ( refer to card ) be this you home phone on the card ? Victoria neds and smile . they eye hold for a moment . music up . Joe move on to a nervous black girl , astrid . there be a brief dumb show exchange . then : music under . joe «oethe wiz ? astrid ( after a long pause ) Mr. gideon , I have never be in the wiz or any show in my life ... ( more ) continued 4 astrid ( contd ) I have to put something on my card . I really nead a job ... owe julliard a thousand dollar ... so I lie . joe that 's ok , astrid , I lie all the time myself . music up . Joe move on to the next girl . she be perspire from the recent effort and nervousness . in dumb show there be a exchange between they as he take a towel from across he shoulder and gently pat she forehead . he move on to the next girl , Joan . after a brief exchange in dumb show : music under . joe and who be the director of traffic jam ? joan you be , Mr. gideon . joe how be I ? joan ~ terrific . joe and who be the choreographer ? joan you be , Mr. gideon . joe how be i? joan fantastic . joe ( to all the dancer ) now , that 's how to get a job . music up . _ there be a dumb show exchange with two more girl thsee , 7 he isvov come py a terrible paroxysm of cough . then : revise 3/1/78 6 . continued 4 music under . joe «+ - axcuse I , cough be the only exercise I gat . music you . in dumb show he interview two more girl , move on to the next . with the gentleness of a beautician , he sweep she hair back to another look . joe : beautiful . that 's the way you should wear you hair . girl from now on I will , Mr. gideon . ( cchtinued ) continued 4 music . out . another angle . joe and dancers . Joe address entire group . joe tf yousast — stay — trtine — fee - a whnute , - welll — nake — cur odecision . look , there be only twelve job '' 2.30 3ome of you have to be dis= - appoint . but , please , if you do not get the job ; promise I you will not go home , kick the dog and beat up you child . ad lib laugh and nod of assent from entire group . Joan put up she hand , joan Mr. gideon , suppose we do get the job ? joe go home , kick the dog and beat up you child . Big laugh from all . wide angle to include stage and orchestra . 5 the dancer remain on stage . in the orchestra scattered about within the first ten row be producer jonesy hecht , Ted Christopher , Larry goldie ; lyricist / composer Paul dann ; production stage manager Murray Nathan . toward the rear of the theatre sit together on a aisle be audrey Paris , gideon 's ex- wife and star of " NY / ia " and they daughter , Michelle gideon , ten year old . Joe leap from the stage across the pit into a aisle . closer angle to carry joe into group . : a second after landing he begin massage he leave hand . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room , joe and angelique . night . '' Joe be try on a large clown nose that light up . angelique be seat where we last see she . Joe blink the nose on and off . in background we hear off-screen laughter . 6 continued angelique revise 8/1/78 joe now ! that 's what I call a real drinker 's nose . smile . Joe look at himself . joe you know what you get when you give a drunk a pot of black coffee ? ( pause ) a very alert drunk . angelique '' who be also heavy into speed . sleep with a great many woman . joe stays awake with a great many woman , awake . '' sleep ? sleep ? I do not even sleep with I . ( pause ) a real turn off , huh ? angelique oeeesjust the opposite . laughter out . resume theatre . the group have gather together except for audrey and Joe hand Murray all the audition card except one which he tuck into he back pocket . ras a clipboard . Michelle . joe I will make up my mind about the boy later , but I know which girl I want . ( point to stage ) roxanne , astrid , Carol Ann , Marie , Joan ... and Victoria . dann ( disbely ) «+ Victoria ?... joe {riding over ) ..- and find out if any of the other one . be interested in be a swing . dancer . Murray 7 9 . continued toe 7 dann Victoria !? she can not sing a note . she 's tone deaf , joey . soe with that leg , who care ? christopher look , joey , I know I do not know that much about dance ; but do she even dance as well as some of that other girl ? joe she will , i-promtse , he start up the aisle as Murray come flap after hin . murray joey , ahnew - yeulso — in — a — hurcy and I do not want to bother you , but I just want to check the schedule . the dancer go into rehearsal a week from Monday and then the other actor and the book start the follow week ? joe same ag always , Murray . Murray scurries to the stage . Joe start to go and hecht gesture he back . hecht joey ... , one minute . can we talk ? Joe return to the group who have be confer urgently . by now Murray Nathan be on stage and in background we hear he deal with the choose dancer . the other will disperse . murray ( to male dancer ) hecht gentlemen , Mr. gideon will what about Diane ? I have she make up he mind in the next in three show and she be couple of day and you will be wonderful . notify by phone . thank ( Christopher nod , you so much for come . all ad lib ( the man begin agreement ) disperse . ee turn to the woman ) dann ( more ) at least , she can sing . ( more ) continued murray ( contd ) lady , Mr , gideon have select miss Carter , miss braithwaite , miss stenis , miss chapwick , ( miss chapwick squeal with delight and hug miss stenis ) «.. miss - Manson and miss porter . Mr. gideon would like you to know that he have make he selection on the basis of type and the show 's need . the fact that you do not get the job be no reflection on you talent . joe' Pov . lo . dann ( contd ) now I do and thave a soprano . ' you leave I without a goprano , I gotta have a soprano . joe Paul ... the tall guy in the back ... the one with the biue eye shadow ... believe I , he will hit the high note . ( Joe glance ~ to the stage ) the stage and people . the reject have begin to leave with vary attitude of despondency . resume joe . a moment of sympathy , even a slight groan to himself . Joe once more start to go , leave a frustrated , bewilder group . murray ( contd ) if any of you be interested in be the swing dancer would you please remain and move over there a moment . I will be right with you . - ( three girl move sr and stand wait , the other exit ) dann I never know if he 's kid I or not . hecht and neither do he . angle to include joe , audrey and michelle . he pause on he flight up the aisle , grab a jacket from Michelle 's lap . murray ( contd ) ( when just the six remain ) rehearsals be a week from Monday . ten o'clock at Broadway Arts . Mr. gideon ( more ) joe ( to audrey ) the six that Murray be talk - ing to -- - that — ere — the- one - sewante okay with you ? continued murray ( contd ) would like you to bring ballet shoe and character shoe . everyone will start at basic equity minimum . angle in the wing . two girl . revise 8/1/78 will . michelle that tall girl , Victoria , she 's so -o- 0 pretty . Joe look at Michelle . * audrey -++ pine with I . * two of the reject girl dancer . be change in the wing . Murray 's speech continue in background . younger girl dancer oh , fuck he . he never pick I . older girl dancer honey , I do fuck he , and he never ( shrug ) pick I either . resume theatre . doe lean over to give Michelle a kiss on the cheek . as he do so : murray ( contd ) you should call we company manager , Mr , Larry goldie , at 555-6818 ... that 's 555 - 6318 and he will arrange for you to sign you contract . we would appreciate you do this as soon as possible . coo audrey what about this weekend with vou and Michelle ? * joe oh , Jesus , audrey , I * gotta work this weekend . michelle {obviously disappointed ) that 's okay . joe sorry , Michelle . * michelle that 's okay . he continue up the aisle , ext . 44 th STREET . outside stage door . day . 8 Joe move from the stage door in a big hurry . reaching for a pill container , he quickly swallow several . dexedrine tablet . a few step later he suddenly stop . reval 21/10 12 . ( continued ) 8 ( contd ) joe ( with Michelle on he mind ) oh , ... some kind of Father . he reverse he direction with the same urgency . int . theatre . the group . 9 on Joe 's re-entrance he find audrey and Michelle surround by the production staff . audrey be conduct a spirite defense of Joe 's selection of Victoria . hecht I do not want to sign that girl . " dann tf she 's in the show , I be out ... I walk . audrey listen Paul , if you be smart you ' will do exactly what he want you to do . trust he . he 's make a awful lot of money for all cf we ... all of we before and believe I , he will do it again . now if he want to hire that girl you hire she and if he want to hire a three - head gorilla go out and find one and hire it . from the rear , Joe , who have overhear , interrupt . joe audrey , c'mere . two shot . joe and audrey . as they meet in the aisle : joe ( smile and whisper ) you know I love you . ( she nod ) and we have a terrific marriage ... audrey '' = ( nod ) eee until you screw it up . joe ( nodd ) «+. until I screw it up . you be a great star and you be gonna be fantastic in this show ... 9 ( continued ) rmev.sut sis 60 13 . 9 ( contd ) audrey you do not think I be too old for the part ? joe no , no , ¢'mon ... you be kid eee now 26 . audrey have you work on the script ? joe of course I have . audrey you be lie . joe yes . audrey Joe , it need a lot of work . some of that line be just terrible . please do not make I say they . joe audrey , I promise you by the first script read I ' li have it all fix , all rewritten ... now you make I forget my point . , audrey ( as he say it ) we have a terrific marriage . joe yeah , that 's right . now do I one small favor , please ... audrey what be it ? joe stop be my mother ! now watch I do my father bit . oturn to Michelle , smile ) hey , Michelle , about this weekend . if you do not mind hang around the cut room ... I will have you pick up after school Friday ... rev 1d , 13a ( continued ) michelle will I get to see some of the movie ? joe sure . 27/76 9 ( contd ) he check audrey 's eye expect to get approbation and get it . once more he start back up the aisle ; audrey catch up to he . audrey ( smile ) joey ? ( pause ) that Victoria ?? ( pause . she button the top button of he shirt ) rotten !! joe ( smile , unbuttone the same button ) I know , I know . he exit . 10 14 . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . night . 10 look into the mirror , he 's try on a long -haire rock - star wig . off screen we hear a female belter sing '' a scod man be hard to pind . " jce ( into mirrer , with some regret ) ah-heh , I screw up that marriage because I cheat ...oh , man , I cheat every chance I could get . cu angelique . deliberately she put on a pair of horn -rimm glass . angelique New , why do not you just lie down and we will talk about that little problem , jump CUT : Joe be now lie on a analyst 's couch , angelique seat behind he . angelique ( gcod=naturedly , a la analyst ) all right , we will start with simple word association . joe oh , I like play that . angelique Marriage . joe screw up . angelique family . joe serew up . angelique work , joe all there be . 10 continued 1s . 10 angelique woman . joe ( rapidly ) Music , poetry , - fitewesis , laughter , bright light , hip , leg , breast , neck ... ( begin slow down lip .. seston . ro ( pause ) as «+ hope ... angelique {after a pause ) beauty . a long pause , he turn slowly , point directly at she , the look hold for a moment and then she resume . angelique mother . jes eerfiusteonr — — rngeezces '' ethe >. joe fat...jolly ... ( pause ) «eeand sexy . '' angelique Father . joe vaudeville . angelique Father . joe liar , cheat , womanizer ... you would have like he . well ... ( clap he hand ) I feel better already . how much do I owe you , Dr , kronkheit ? angelique ( smile ) just you life . 10 will 16 . continued 10 joe hmm , you work a lot cheaper than most analyst . music out . int . cutting rocm , lose shot triple head 11 steenbeck . late afternoon . on the three screen we see clapper slate and hear voice announce take number . slate say the standup . scene tlia7e , C . director : Joe gideon , cinematographer : korthaze . follow the slate we CUT into a nightclub where the star of the film , Davis Newman , be perform a monologue . Davis wear jeans and a work shirt and be smoking a cigarette . during the ensue we will see either the three different angle at once or will isolate each angle . davis if I be God and sometimes I think I be ... depend on ... ( take a long hit from cigarette , . _ pretend it 's — grass .. , and maybe '' it be ) okay ... if I be God , man . vevery= body would live forever ! 'o death , man ! no penny on the eye Zor anybody . ( pause , look < houghtful ) well - =l - 1 , there be a souple of people ... like my agent who bosize I into this toilet ... ( pause ) man , I tell ya there be two thing in life that be extremely difficult to avoid ... death and the clap . so far I have manage to avoid one of then . ( indicate a unsmile man who sit zombie - like at a ringside table ) this cat have also manage to avoid one ... the clap . one of the , angle for at least part of the monogue include kimberly '' the co-star of the standup , sit with another girl at a ringside table . she be watch Davis with open admiration . at some point we will hear the follow dialogue in that angle , — 11 revise 8/1/78 17 . continued il KIMBERLY he 's cute . I would like to meet hin . * wider shot . sitting at the steenbeck in the cluttere cut room be Joe and editor , Eddie lerner . Joe have a cup of wine and never stop chain smoking . also work in the room be a eager , long -haire youth , Jonathan , the assistant editor . at the rewind table be apprentice stacy St. John , a shapely , pretty 19 - year old . although we continue the monologue here in its entirety , it will be see in bit and piece against the scene . davis you know , man , death be really a hip thing now . it 's ...in . but we all have very different feeling about if . I mean , for instance , man , to a Catholic ... death be a pro= motion ! and to billy Graham +.- man , he 's really something else . somebody finall pin billy down say , ' Dr. Graham , what be Heaven really like ? ' billy - baby xespond instantly , ' in. Zeaven , ' he say , ' there 's no sex but a lot of golf . 's at the end of the word '' golf , '' ( another hit Joe manipulate the steenbeck on cigarette ) and reverse the film back to " really something else . " he rerun the joke to the same place , stop the machine and repaat the action , then allow tne film to continue . davis ( contd ) = happen to know that billy get off on putter . , . then there 's we reaction to death . lik lenny 1 Bruce say , you be work in a garage , see ... a guy come in and say , ' guess what , man ? Charlie 's be hit ( more ) ( continued ) il 1s . continued : 11 davis ( contd ) by a truck and he 's dead . ' and you say , ' oh my God ! Charlie 's dead . tf can not ave it . ( start sobbing ) ' dow can Charlie be dead ? I see he just last night ... Charlie 's dead ! how can I live without Charlie ? my best friend , man . I love Charlie . what be I gonna do without he ?! {pause , tear dry up ) then , man ... a chick with big boob and a short skirt walk in and say , ' Charlie 's dead , ' and you say , ' who 's Charlie ? 's that 's it for Charlie , man . ( pause , he light another cigarette} there 's all this builshit about death with dignity , man ... you know what death with dignity be ? '' seyou do not drool . ( pause ) oh , yeah , man . death be really in . book , magazine article , tv show , lecture , Ken and barbie doll who have a mutual suicide pact , there 's this lady in Chicago , man ... wrete a book ... Dr. Kubler-Ross ... now this chick , man ... without the benefit of . die herself , have break the process of death into five stage . ftick they off ) anger , denial , bargain , Depression , acceptance . sound like my jewish law firm ... ( pantomime answer phone , assume jewish accent ) geed morning , anger ~ denial . {back to normal delivery ) okay , man ... so here you be . you know you be go to die in six month ... ( assume a pose , : Te hold up one finger ) so to one : anger . ( xxplode in terrible rage ) ( more ) will 19 . continued il davis ( contd ) Jesus Christ , goddamn , son - of - a~bitch mother - fucker .. > ( zitck wrist effeminately ) oh poo !... ( break out of anger ) now ... if you work this first stage right , man , you will have apoplexy and never have to go through the next four stage . however ... if you should happen to get to ... ( hold up two finger ) two : denial . ( totally negate any possibility of death ) no , not I , no . could not possibly be I . somebody else maybe ... but not I . how about my mother , man ? she 's old , I be wean , I be toilet train ... I do not need she anymore . geedbye , Mom . you have be terrific «+ sbut not I . 3 three finger ) Three : bargain . ( leok 's up '' to God ) psssst .... look , man , let 's sit down and talk this over like businessman ... a negotiation . okay ? I do not want to haggle . you will find I a reasonable man , mane ( pause ) the blend ... you know , the one on East sixty - third Street I see on Tuesday night ... go , finish , I will never see she again . no more hard drug ... a little grass ... maybe ?... and , man , I promise I will not flash on subways anymore , sol have we get a deal ? set ( pause ) hint —- eusken what ?... okay . I will screw my wife at least once a month . 22 pia - man , do you drive a hard + hat — new , — jeo2 - bargain jold up four finger ) four : Depression . 11 continued davis ( contd ) ( he become infinitely depressed , hold he head and pace ) boy~oh - boy-oh - boy , man . I be die . Boy , be I die ! oi weh , be T oysna ! nobody 's die but mar . doctor 's not die . fourteen thousand dollar for seven enema , man . he 's alive in Florida ! I be die ! oh boy , oh boy . I be pay two hundred forty dollar a day for this hospital room ... ( think it over ) at that price , man , who can afford to live ? so ... fhold up five finger ) acceptance . I accept . ( fall to the floor in a corpse~like position ) 20 . il joe eer ee it 's wenee lousy . amd I direct tt tousy . eddie oh , no ...no , joey , you be wrong . I think he 's funny . I think he 's very funny . the whole thing be funny . joe ( point to steenbeck ) why do he have to mumble like that ? {pause ) I will tell you why . because I be a asshole and I let hin Spot light fade . he 's in mumble like that . black . ( be hit off-switch on steenbeck ) joe ( contd ) let 's try the long shot . Eddie examine coding number and call to the assistant . eddie Jonathan , pull out 421d ... no , that 's b...e. Joe cross to the rewind table where he keep he bottle of wine , stacy be rewind a reel of film . Joe entangle she in a seductive embrace from behind , reach for wine . joe Excuse I , stacy . way of my wine . ( smell she hair ) oooo , stacy , you smell so ... so you be in the «e280 good , what be that you be wear ? stacy joe-ey . you ask I that every day . it 's shalimar . 11 12 21 . continued oo '' il joe oh , that 's right . it 's shalimar . ( go back to steenbeck , start run film ) stacy wear shalimar all the time , eddie how about put in another audience shot . there 's that great one with the fat couple , 'o it , and they be really laugh . joe in every theatre in America people would rise and say '' what the fuck be they laugh at ? " int . projection room . shot of screen , night , 12 we see a piece of the monologue sequence that have be cut together . over the sound of the monologue , whichever piece of it we see : reverse angle to joe , eddie , jonathan and stacy . katie to enter . Joe sit alone , slump in he seat , still smoking and @rink . stacy sit a couple row behind he . Eddie and Jonathan sit at the console to the rear . the door to the screen room open and kate Jagger enter . she carry a small poodle . hatie ig twenty - two , beautiful , a feature dancer in a Broadway show . she wear no makeup and be dress in a denim suit . all look briefly to see who have enter . by the reaction of Eddie and Jonathan , who obviously like she , she be a familiar figure around the cut room . Eddie smile and whisper . eddie hi , Katie , joe ( not take he eye off the screen ) sit down , Katie . she move to a seat behind Joe . he acknowledge she presence by raise he leave hand , which she take warmly , at the same time gently kissing he neck . there be also a cool acknow ~ ledgment between she and stacy . eagerly Katie look at the 22 . 12 continued 12 gereen and almost immediately start to laugh , Joe give she one look as if to say ' what be she laugh at ? ' katie ( with a glance at watch -- whisper ) can we have dinner together before I go to the theatre ? _ job so ee I can not , katie shoulda I come over later ? joe we may be work very late ... I will call . Katie 's eye go back once more to the screen . she find something funny , laugh again . she touch the back of Joe 's head , then get up and , with whisper goodby to the other , she leave . a moment later the screén go white , and the light of the room come up . joe anybody get any setter idea ? u-ebeside burn the film ? ( silence ) stacy I like it , Joe . I think it 's really good . joe ( cold ) who ask you , stacy ? ( pause look .. - let 's cut out the jewish law firm joke ... let 's try to get some of the ' man ' out ... sound fake hip ... ( to himself ) what about the billy Graham joke ? ( to they ) yeah , let 's cut the billy Graham joke ... a Little more tightening . ( begin massage he leave hand , which he continue to do for the remainder of the scene ) ( more ) revise 8/1/78 23 . 12 . continued on 12 ee ) joe ( contd ) maybe we can get away with au . * a squawky voice come over the speaker from the projection room . : projectionist's voice finish ? or do you want to run it again ? joe ( shouting ) no , thank you , we be finish ! eddie ( politely ) thanks , irv. we be finish . Eddie flick off intercom . Joe still sit slump in * he seat , stare blankly at the screen . * music : guitar intro to " perfect day " by harry nilsson , the song will continue over and through the following scene . : joe . do you suppose stanley kubrick eve get depressed ? ' : 13 int . joe' apartment . to carry joe . hallway to 13 front door . night . drunk , carry a drink in one hand and a glass of wine in another , Joe move unsteadily toward the front door in response to the buzzer . , eddie ( v.0 . ) you wanna make that change * tonight , joey ? joe ( v.0 . ) no ... I think I will work on the * show . I start dance rehearsals * in a week , and I do not have one idea in my head . another angle at door . he open the door to reveal Victoria . he hand she the glass of wine . at that moment , we hear sung : : 13 14 revise 8/1/78 24 . continued 13 it's a perfect way to end a perfect day abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . 14 night .. he wear a plume hat and be apply a cyranc-like nose . off screen wa hear instrumental guitar and rhythm of same song . also from off screen a wash of blue light hit he as he 's adjust he nose . joe {to unseen lighting man ) too strong . down two point . * ( the adjustment be make , the nose appiy , the hat cocked , Joe assume the flamboyance of a old fashioned actor} oh , what foolishness I would spout ... what insipid insincerity «.ejust to seduce she .... tesume normal attitude ) whoever '' she " happen to be at the time . angelique naver any regret ?... guilt ? / joe : only ... * angelique , ( finish for he ) * ... when I get catch . 15 rev.10/1i/73 25 - wu int . joe' live room . joe and victoria . night the room be light only with candle . close up . joe . he pour wine . close up . phonograph turn table . we see record spin . close up . joe he light a joint , take a hit , pass it to Victoria who also take a hit . long shot . joe and victoria . the two be now dance slowly barely move . Joe be be very free with he hand . we hear sung : it's a perfect way to end a perfect day gui inst . continue under . joe . -.- uh ... you have really get ... something ... special ... , victoria all right . all ri-i-ight ! I want sq to be a movie star . joe oh , victoria ever since I be this big ... ( indicate three year old height ) -.. I want to see my face on the screen f-o - o- rty foot wide . ( extend arm ) . joe un huh . she move away from he to the window , strike a pose with the entire city backlight she . victoria ( touch she hand to the back of she head in a delsar - tian gesture ) I have always depend on the kindness of stranger . {never break the pose ) you be look at my nose be not you ? 15 16 rev . l0/ii/75 26 continued 15 . joe no. victoria it 's crooked see it go to the leave . joe oh yeah . : victoria I could always get that fix . like this . ( gesture with finger ) joe sure . victoria I mean do you think I could be ? joe huh ? victoria you know a movie star , I mean in the movie . joe {still touch she hip , breast , etc . ) look , that 's a heavy question . I do not know anybody who could answer that . it 's a freaky business , you know . --=..5 victoria yeah , I know all about that . but like I want to know what you think ? I mean do you think I could be a movie star ? he glance at the clock . it read nine forty - five . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory . dressing room . joe and angelique . night 16 instrumental of '' perfect Day " continue . 16 17 18 18a continued joe ( a old actor role ) on occasion , overwhelm by desire and haunt by the swift fleeting of time , I might even possibly risk the truth . resume live room . joe and victoria when he shake abrupt CUT to : joe ( look back from clock ) ne. victoria even with a nose job ? he head " no " , she sigh . victoria ( continued ) +e. well ... that 's fair . it be a freaky business , though . you could be wrong , right ? joe right . victoria I do not dance so hot either , do I ? joe but you will I promise . victoria ( she break away , look out window , pause ) wanna go to bed ? joe ( almost to himself ) it be a freaky business . hallucinatory dressing room . joe and_angelique , night . as Joe strip off he nose : angelique Truth ... the final ploy . resume live room . joe and victoria she siowly start up the stair . he grab a wine bottle and stagger after she . as he go , he take of : he shirt -- drop it on the stair . during we hear sung : 16 i7 15 18a 18a 19 20 21 28 , continued 18a ride with I glide with I stay by my side with I through the night ride on the wing of the angel of love who be on our side int . outer hallway of joe' apartment . angle toward 19 front door . katie and dog . night . the follow lyric be hear sung through the succeed action . — it's a perfect way to end a perfect day it be a perfect way to say I love you Katie step into the hallway lead the dog on leash . camera follows she to the door of Joe 's apartment . with she _own key she. open the door . int . apartment . to follow katie . night . 20 Katie glance at clock . it read twelve thirty - one . Katie 's assumption be that Joe be asleep . she walk to the kitchen where she refill the dog 's water dish . from the refrigerator she take a carton of milk and fill a glass . carry the milk , she start upstairs . unleash , the dog follow . on the way , she notice Joe 's shirt -- hesitates but continue . int . joe' bedrocm , katie and dog . 22 Katie enter the bedroom , come to a dead stop . katie' Pov . joe and victoria . she see Joe and Victoria in bed , both be asleep . on a bedside table be white wine bottle and half fill glass , there be thick candle , still burn , heavy with dripping . here be where the lyric end with the line : it 's a perfect way to say I love you . the dog start yipping . music coda continue over the following . seneeis 21 21a 29 . continued 21 resume katie . she react , stare for a moment . a mixture of disappoint= aon hurt ... resignation . there be a inadvertent , small resume joe and victoria . both awaken . Joe sit up . wide shot . katie eeel be sorry ... o- 0 - 0 , be I sorry . she start to go . joe oe Katie ... he start to get up . katie nleave ) «eel should have call first . she leash the dog and leave . jce and victoria . joe ( softly ) ah , shit ... victoria do I like screw anything up ? joe no ... it 's my fault , I be suppose to call she and tell she to come or not to come ... I forget all about it . pour another glass of wine . turn to Victoria , pull back the sheet a bit , look at she nude body . music segue into stripper type music . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe , angelique and joe' 21a mother . night . angelique be nude , Joe 's mother be exactly as he have 30 . 21a continued 21a 22 23 describe she : a jolly , outgo fat woman . she wear a flower house dress from the 50' . she treat angelique ag though this be a favorite girl of Joe 's that he have bring home for the first time and obviously pay no attention to she nudity . Joe be fascinate by the meeting , watch it at all time in the mirror , at the same time experiment with a eyebrow pencil . at time he and angelique make eye contact , both amused by the mother 's enthusiasm and she total misinterpretation of she son 's ife . mother I be joey 's mother . ever since he be this high he 's have such a crush on you . angelique nlook at Joe ) I have always be fond of Joe , too . mother of all the child , he be the least worry . he work in all that cheap burlesque club ... always around stark naked girl . but do it bother hime nol he never pay any attention ... never even look at they . Joe and angelique exchange a look . int . nightclub . ( 1951 ) stage . close shot stripper' 22 tasselled breast . night . camera slowly pull back . we see that the stripper music be play by a three piece combo <= piano , drum and saxophone . with professional dexterity the stripper be whirling tassel in opposite direction . when the entire set be reveal we see that we be in a large , cheap night - club with a capacity of two hundred , there be , however , only fifteen or twenty customer . backstage , teenage joe ( to be play by a young actor - 23 dancer ) . at age fourteen , Joe work in this sleazy burlesque night - club in Chicago . between show he sit in a corner surrep= - titiously study a first year Latin text , mumble conjugation . not yet fully costume , he will be see wear white top hat , white tie and white tail . off stage the stripper music continue . behind Joe , ancther 23 31 . continued : 23 stripper appear , a coat cover she costume . she have just come from the front of the club where she have be hustling drink . joe ( mumble ) amo , amas , amat ... I love ... you love eeene , she , it love ... aware of stripper , he quickly close the book . she stop , grin . second stripper hey , kid , what have you get there ? joe just a book . she take the book away from he . off screen we hear the end of the stripper music , scattered applause and ad lib thank yous from the mc . second stripper first year Latin ??... how old be you ? joe ( quickly ) nineteen . second stripper ( just as quickly ) what year be you bear ? joe ( catch ) nineteen thirty ...uh , uh ... nineteen . thirty ...uh ... second stripper try nineteen thirty - four , joe right ! nineteen thirty -four . second stripper now try nineteen thirty - two . trap in the lie , Joe just lower he head . second stripper ( know he 's lie ) uh-huh . ( with a big grin , she hand he back the book ) 24 26 27 32 . int . dressing room , three stripper . night . 24 one stripper have just finish perform , the third be prepare for she performance by put on pasty , eye lash , etc. as the second stripper enter and take off she coat . sow second stripper hey , ya want a laugh ? that tap dancer be only a kid . he can not be any more than thirteen or fourteen . third stripper you be kid ! resume joe in hallway leading to stage . 25 he be prepare to go on , put on hig jacket and snap open he top hat . he be nervous and apprehensive . off , we hear the comic-mc . mc ( 0.c . ) and now lady and germ , I want to introduce Chicago 's tap dancer ~ axtraordinaire ... ch wait ... int . nightclub , angle favoring mc . 26 the mc be a pinky Lee type -- wear a fedora hat . intercut between the mc_and the young joe . eee mc ( imitate bert lahr ) esejust a moment , just a moment ... you there , the lovely lady who just walk in ... that 's right , lady , you with the mink coat . can you tell I , madam , I mean miss ... how do you get that lovely mink coat ? do not bother to answer that . we know . the same way m : 3 get mink , speak of rich people , my family be in the iron and steel business . my mother iron and my father steal ... over sporadic laughter , the comic continue a series of joke on a similar level . across young joe . 27 he be warming up . behind he the door of the dress room 27 28 33 . continued 27 open and the three half - nude stripper , anticipate great fun , stalk the unaware Joe . three stripper ( as they move in on he ) so you be only fourteen ... first year Latin ?... be you mommy wait out in the car for you ? oee you better stop lie or you nose will grow ... 00000 , something 's grow . by now they have surround he . the second stripper hold out a naked breast and thrust it into he face . second , stripper say something in Latin , baby . third stripper ( now rub and address his groin ) Little boy blue , come blow you horn . the sheep 's in the meadow ... etc , joe ( terrify ) please do not do that !... please stop ! os etive get to_go_on !!.. , do not ... please they continue teasing , titillate , massage . young joe' Pov . a very large naked breast . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe , angelique and 28 mother . night . the three be in the same position as before . mother deei—hre — ever-cered—sbewt — wae — the — be - perfect —en —eeage . he 's such a good boy ... three time hé@ win first prize for know more Bible verse than anyone else in Sunday School . Joe wink at angelique . 28 29 34 . continued 28 mother ( contd ) joey never do anything to dis - appoint I . the mother continue chatter -- now in mime . Joe fix eye contact with angelique . they look at one another for a long moment . : music out . nightclub , backstage . joe and stripper . 29 with a breast thrust into he leave eye , Joe be in utter panic ; try to avoid the inevitability by intense concen~ tration on something else . he clenches he fist , he body become rigid . joe ( rapidly , mechanically ) yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil for thou art with I . thy vod and thy staff , they comfort I . stripper Rod ?!? staff ?!? now you be talk , sweetie . mc ( 0.c . ) and here he be , folk ... top in tap ... Mr. Joe gideon ! ! 1 a little fanfare . nothing happen . ecu joe looking down at he crotch . Girls be giggle . he whimper . joe oh , my god.ee angle on mc . uc ( impatiently ) as I be say , folk . top in tap ... Mr. Joe gideon ... and here he be , I hope ... fanfare . 29 30 31 32 33 35 , continued 29 resume . joe . joe '' ( groaniag with + 6 embarrassment ) abhhhhhhhhhh ...... he exit through curtain . angle on stage . 30 Joe start he taph number : sweet sue - stop time . shot of audience to intercut with joe . 31 indifferent to the performance , some of the audience begin to notice that Joe have a problem ( a prominent stain on he immaculate white trousers ) . there be point laughter until all be aware of he predicament . completely humiliate , tear come into Young joa 's eye as he continue to tap dance <= and cry . dissolve : int , joe' bathroom . ecu joe' eye . day . 32 the sound of music and tap dance from precede scene slowly fade as the visine drop be apply . montage : horn waking coutine continue : vivaldi cassette , alka seltzer , co shower , dexedrine , coffee , " it 's show time , folk , " etc . int . broadway art vocal room . joe , hecht , audrey , 33 christopher , dann . day . at the piano Paul dann be enthusiastically demonstrate a new open song for the show NY / LA . during he performance it be obvious that hecht and Christopher be delighted with the number . Joe sit listen , intently and without emotion . audrey sit near by and occasionally cneck Joe for any reaction . dann end with a flouzish ' co immediate ad-lib of approval from hecht and Christopher . the three man look first to audrey . dann {to audrey ) what do you think ? audrey ( shrug , point to Joe ) ask the man , 36 . 33 continued 33 dann oeeJ0@?? joe ( hesitantly ) eeetth .. well , I think it 's okay ... ( pause ) eeslet I see what I can do with it . dann be slightly disappointed . to assuage he : hecht catchy and bouncy . rgat , ted ? christopher fehinieiet jeeéu wendertez , sh very bouncy ana catchy 33A int . broadway art . joe , murray , gretchen , dancers , 33A drummer , pianist . day . we're in a typical large rehearsal room in the Broadway area . twelve dancer , six boy and six girl , be learn the beginning of a dance number chorecgraph to the music of the song dann just gemonstsate . in addition we see a piano player and a drummer , Murray Nathan sit in the corner . after a brief eight bar , Joe blow the whistle to interrupt , joe hold it . Jesus Christ !! ( rub '' he chest and massage leave arm ) '' + e you can do better than that . Victoria , you be dance like you have salamis for foot . ( nodd to gretchen ) again ... the dancer be intimidate . . gretchen eeefivea , six , seven , eight ... they commence dance again . joe ( blow whistle , stop they ) hold it . I have get a idea . I want to try something . Joan , come here . ( she do ) ( hore ) 33a 34 revise 8/1/78 37 . continued 33A job ( contd ) lie down on you back . ( she do ) now , spread you leg open . ( she do ; he kneel between she leg ) I 'va get a idea I would like to try . ( he lie down on she ) now , wrap you leg around I . ( she do ) astrid , come here . now I want you to put you leave knee on ny back and go into arabesque . ( astrid do as tell ) Joan , keep open and close you leg . very ... slowly . ( by now joey have entwine the three of they th'a comical sexual position , turn to mirror , ask ) do that lock like anythin ? Ali laugh . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angry . ioqut . 34 night . Joe be slick he hair in a valentino , patent - leather haiz do . off screen we hear a tango , joe . have you ever ... sleep with another woman ? angelique yes . joe «eet once try live with two girl ... two girl at once ... angelique * you '' noble experiment " . joe ( neds ) * +»- last five and a half month ... ( he rise ) we live together ... 34 38 . continued 34 menage partner # 1 and $ 2 appear . they be two attractive young girl . smoothly , Joe and the girl begin to tango . as they dance , the two girl alternate the follow line . menage partner # 1 & # 2 keelaugh together ... drank together ... esmoke together ... ».. popped popper together ... «ee slept together ... the two girl continue to dance . Joe sit down next to angelique . joe woke up one morning ... one of they be go . partner # 1 move off as partner # 2 continue to dance . joe ( contd ) on the bureau she leave a note . tight close up . menage partner # 1 menage partner # 1 {emotionally -- tearful ) '' t be sorry I can not share you anymore ! I want you all to : myself or not at ali . please ... please txy ..to under= stand . " two shot , joe and angelique . joe ( slightly over dramatic ) «eset not only understand , I be flatter ... flatter that she feel so strongly about I ... angelique how do you know the note be to you ? he look startle . angelique ( contd ) it could have be address " to whom it May concern . * Joe laugh , ' enchant , he tentatively reach out to touch she face . abrupt CUT to : 35 35a 35 B 36 39 . ext , 44th STREET . outside stage door . joe . day . 35 Joe 's hand swiftly move to he chest . he feel a extreme shortness of breath . puzzle , he lean against the wall . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room , joe and angelique . 35 a just before he hand reach she face , Joe hesitates , then slowly withdraw he hand . he rise and start back to the drass table . abrupt CUT to : / 44 th STREET . joe . 35 B normal breath regain , Joe show obvious relief , he begin massage he leave hand and slowly move off as though to turn into shubert alley . int , cutting room . joe , editing staff , penn . day . 36 Joe sit alone , work the steenbeck backwards and forward , sip wine and chain . we see and hear part of the Davis Newman monologue . Jonathan and stacy work at they individual chore . everyone be terribly fatigue . off to the side be the standup 's producer , joshua Penn , and eddia lerner . Penn hold time sheet and be in a obvious state of anxiety . determinedly , Penn cross over to the steenbeck . Joe continue , obsessively , to work . penn joey , I have get to talk to you about this time sheet . , . three week we have be on triple time and the brass be eat my ass out . you shot eighty - two day on a sixty - five day schedule , on a four month editing schedule , . you have go seven month . '' ' we be already two million 's two ovdr the original budget . I mean , ged create the entire world in six day and never go on overtime once . you can not even cut a hour and a half movie in seven month ... on triple time , yet . now , joey , I just hate tc do this and I be usually a very calm man ; but this whole thing have get I terribly crazy . I must put my foot down . this whole thing have gotta stop . it 's just get to stop !! it have to stop !! it just 8 must stop ! 36 36 a 40 . continued 36 Joe have remain unresponsive during the precede . joe joshua , I make some change in the monologue . I think it 's better . pakem -teck he turn on the steenbeck and maneuver Penn to a position where he. can watch it . he pick up he coat , pop some dexedrine , wash it down with the remain of he glass of wine , kiss stacy on the neck . joe I have gotta get back to rehearsal ... ( the stacy ) mmmm . you smell good . stacy ( sniff at Joe ) so do you . California chablis ? he slowly move he hand up to she breast . she giggle and move it away . he repeat the action , she move it away . at the same time , he address Eddie : joe Eddie , I will meet you back here at five thirty . we have gotta work tonight ... iate . Nice see you , joshua . before anyone can answer , he go . Penn be completely involved ' in the film and watch for several moment , penn ( almost to himself ) oh , my God , it be better . ( pause ) God help we all , it be better . int . broadway art . large rehearsal room . joe and 36 a michelle . night , ' it be raining outside . almost midnight . Michelle sit next to the rhythm machine , ( this be a machine use frequently by dancer and choreographer with which you can get various tempos and rhythm . ) ~ Joe be experiment with some slapping rhythm on he thigh . Michelle , watch intently , occasionally try to imitate . ~ for teat : . nytt wel — g94 6 h 8408 wrse -syotyors —sd - there ) — — 36 a 41 . continued 36 a joe — teort } . ji cage wink esse tr one sarah 31 - doi rey nate push up the tempo , Michelle move to the machine , push a knob . the tempo increase , after experiment a bit more , Joe give up . joe ( contd ) no , that stink . ( to Michelle ) flip that knob on the right to a waltz and slow down the tempo . this she do . we now hear the rhythm of a waltz . joe ( contd ) ( the Michelle ) come here . I want to try a few lift . during the follow , Joe will be lift , carry and turn Michelle in various position . he instruct she as they move . she obey each instruction , joe ( contd ) first , sit on my shoulder and put you leg in arabesque . ( he begin turn she ) how be thing at home ? michelle oh , okay . joe be careful now , I be go to drop you backwards , ( he do ) anything on you mind ? now , arch you back . michelle ( as she obey he instruction ) well , I promise Mom I would not bring it up , but ..... joe but you be go to bring it up . they continue to move around the floor in various position . 36 a continued revise 9/1/78 42 . New page * 36a . michelle well , it 's just that I kee ; wonder , dad . : joe now , hang on , I be go to lift you. {he do ) what be you wonder about ? michelle why you do not get marry again . joe now , do a head roll ... slow ... I do not get marry again because I can not find anyone I dislike anough to inflict that kind of torture on . michelle ( ignore he response ) why do not you marry Katie ? she 's terrific . | joe yeah , she be ... which be exactly why I will not marry she . now , go off in the corner ... run and jump at I in a stag leap ... I will catch you . michelle ( as she cross to corner ) what about Victoria ? you be not too crazy about she . ( she run -- jump -- he catch she ) what about the blonde ? joe what blonde ? michelle the one in Philadelphia with the television show that Mom keep talk about . joe why be it so important to you that I get marry again ? . 36 a 36b revise 8/1/78 43 . continued 36 a michelle * Cause then you would settle down and step screwing around . joe : Michelle , watch you language . * ( glance at he watch ) oh , my god , it 's almost midnight . I gotta get you home . throw she over he shoulder in another lift , he start toward the door . michelle oh , daddy , can not I stay for a little while ? this be fun . Joe . oh , no , you mother '' 11 kill I . by now they be out the door into the hallway . int . broadway art hallway . leading to elevator . 363 joe and michelle . night . camera track they to the elevator . michelle * besides , if you get marry again then I would have another mother . I be the only kid in school who do not have at least two mother and two father . by now they be at the elevator . the elevator door open . still carry she , they enter . joe * ( laugh ) poor , underprivileged child . ( hug she ) Michelle , I love you . : michelle * you say that to all the girl . joe ( affectionately ) nobody like a smart ass kid , Michelle . the elevator door close . 36 c 36d 37 37a '' 38 39 revise 9/1/78 44 . int . entrance hallway . broadway art . joe and 36c michelle . night . as they come out of the elevator , Joe still carry Michelle only now in a slightly dizferent lift . as they cross to the front door : * miceelle * if you get marry , maybe you would have a baby and maybe I would have a little brother . joe * I will call hertz tomorrow and rent you a brother . they exit the front door . ext . angle from hallway to broadway . joe , 36d michelle , driver and car . night . it be raining heavily . a limousine wait at the curb . Joe husty she to se car , open the back doer and * toss she into the back seat . the car take off . Joe wave . he turn and re-enter the hallway . he be soaking wet . pop a dexedrine he head for the elevator . int . joe' bathroom , day . 37 montage : the pop waking routine : vivaldi cassette , alka seltzer , co shower , visine , dexedrine , '' it 's show time , folk " into mirror , etc . omit , 37 a° * int . bedroom . katie , joe . day . - 38 * ratie be sit up in bed . Joe hand she a cup of coffee , gently touch she cheek . as he do so : abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . 39 night . . Joe be experiment with make - up , have draw vertical and horizontal black line on he face . the flirtatious attitude be deepen between they . the music be a sentimental love song . joe you believe in love ? 36d 37 37a 38 39 394 rare separ ey 44a ext . angle from hallway to broadway . joe , michelle 36d driver and car . night . it be raining heavily . a limousine wait at the curb . Joe hustle she to the car , open the back door and toss she into the back seat . the car take off . Joe wave . he turn and re-enter the hallway . he be soaking wet . pop a dexedrine he head for the elevator . tte stoke * int . joe' bathroom . day . ue 37 montage : the morning waking routine : vivaldi cassette , alka seltzer , cold shower , visine , dexedrine , " it 's show time , folk " into mirror , etc . omit 37a int . bedroom . katie , joe . day . 38 Katie be sit up in bed . Joe hand she a cup of coffee , gently touch she cheek . as he do so : abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . 33 night . Joe be experiment with make - up , have draw vertical and horizontal black line on he face . the flirtatious attitude be deepen between they . the music be a sentimental love song . angelique you betieve . in love ? joe I believe in ' say I love you . it help people concentrate . ( after a moment ; turn to . she , not joke ) I would believe in it if I know what it be . katie ( 0.8 . ) joey ... music out . resume bedroom . joe and katie . 39 a Katie be in bed , sip coffee . joe ( 0.8 . ) yeah ? 394 39b 39c '' b uu continued 39a ( contd ) katie they have ask I to go on tour with the show , Joe be at the bureau collect he key , wallet , etc . joe how long ? katie six month . what do you think ? abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . night . 398 music in . . katie ( 0.8 . ) six month . what do you think ? angelique and you say it all the time . joe . yeah , I say it a lot ... a lot . angelique ' then ? joe when it work . music out . resume bedroom . joe and katie . 39 '' joe I love you , Katie ... but I think see you have to do what 's best for you ... katie meaning ? joe huh ? katie what do you mean , Joe ? abrupt CUT to : 39d 40 mave sey ay be 46 hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . night . 39d music in . joe sometimes it do not work . angelique laugh . her laughter drift across the cut to : music out . resume bedroom . joe and katie . . 40 joe well ... for you good , I think you should go . he exit into the bathroom . she sit for a moment , look at bathroom door ; then reach for she purse , take out small address book , look up a phone number , then dial bedside phone . : katie ( into phone ) - ts Michael ? it 's Katie ... kete jaqger ... you be Michael ... ( after a moment ) that 's right , I . it 's I ... so , do you mean it about dinner ? well , how about tonight ? ... youtre surprised ? ( a little laugh ) well , I 'ma little surprised myseiz ... let 's make it eleven at wally 's . goocbye , Michael . . she hang up phone . Joe emerge quietly from bathroom ; calmly , control . joe I 'ma little surprised too . now we be all a little surprised . ( pause ) who be that ? katie Michael Graham . joe ( remain calm ) Michael Graham . who be Michael grakam ? . katie a dancer in my . ballet class . 40 continued Joe exit very calmly into the bathroom . rev . 12/1/78 47 joe a dancer in she ballet class . straight or fag ? katie what do you mean ? joe . T mean be he look to get laid or be he look for Mr. right ? katie he 's straight . joe and tall . Michael Graham be a very tall name . a tall , blonde name . re-emerges wildly angry . joe God damn it ! katie ( intredmce he to imaginary audience ) - and she 's Joe again , lady anda gentleman ; this time . in a tower rage -- cree stent joe how dare you use my telephone ... my telephone ... to call somenody who be not a fag ! - katie ( so angry she be almost unable to speak . ) 's + . oh -- it 's okay for you to gu out with any -- any girl in town -- joe rigkt . I go out with any girl in town . stay in with you . katie oh ... it ... it 's ... ( inarticulate frenzy ) it 's happen to I ... you always ... you know I can not talk ... I can never do this speech ... I need -- I — — I need a taxi to get I to the end of a sentence , I -- oh , God , joey , it 's not fair - — - look , it 's all wrong ... I be spilling the coffee 's +. everything be all wrong . ( the herself ) : taxil instantly he 40 ( contd ) 40 40 a 40 B rev . 12/1/78 48 continued 40 ( contd ) joe let I help you . first ; you be obviously head for a " door-slam - exit . " door-slam exit do not work within a apartment ; and you be not dress for a door-slam exit out of the apartment . second ; here be you line : '' Joe , you be a self - center .... " katie ( suddenly , sharply , not miss a beat ) stop direct ! you never stop direct ! do not give I my line . here . here be you line . you say softly , with feel -- " about that goddamn tour , I do not think you skould go . do not go , please ... oh , Joe , I do not want to see Michael Graham or Graham Michael . I do not want date . I have no more small talk leave . I do not want to fool around , I do not want to play game and I do not want to fight . I just want to love you , Joe ... oh , damn it , Joe , why be you so generous with you cock ? ... I love you . ( she collapse on bed in clumsy un-dancer - like fashion , helplessly ) ~ T love he ... . ( helplessly ) why ? abrupt CUT to : triple head steenbeck . . _ 40 a we see three camera angle of Katie have just deliver the above line . Joe 's hand reach in and reverse the film of all three angle . he then play , it back so that we see and hear the line repeat . repeat action , back - ward and forward , one more time . resume joe . 40 B joe ( thoughtfully ) +. that 's pretty good ... he slowly exit into bathroom . she remain seat on bed . stay with joe in bathroom . he take a long look at himself in the mirror , then speak . 40 B 41 rev . 1l2s/l/78 49 continued 40b ( contd ) joe Katie ...? ( silence ) about the goddamn tour ... I do not think you should go ... katie that 's the wrong read . he come awkwardly into bedroom . joe ( quietly ) «+ . do not go , please ... ( pause ) right read ? Katie smile then both break into laughter . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . night . 41 wearing white glove , Joe be practice a series of theatrical gesture . angelique be smoking a long black cigarette . off screen we hear a sand dance . suddenly a pin . spot hit Joe . he make a rather theatrical gesture with he hand in farewell and freeze . the pin spot slowly rise out , leave Joe in silhouette and angelique in the backlight . . angelique no , I do not think so , Joe . too Las vegas-sy . joe you be right . be snap he finger and two side light hit he . angelique sooner or later , of course , Katie would have to betray you . joe . sk yeah , I know . seas angelique as long as you could get away with it , right ? joe right. ( pause ) . why do you suppose she put up with it ? 41 42 rev . l2/t / — 50-51 continued 41 ( contd ) angelique ( smile ) iocan think of many reason for want to be with you . . joe do not bullshit a bullshitter . sand dance out . int . broadway art . joe , dancers , gretchen , pianist , 42 drummer . day . the dancer be learn a rehearsal combination probably hustle number . Joe have conclude that to get Victoria away from she artificiality and amateurism , he must first break she down completely , then remold she . so , while they dance , he relentlessly critize Victoria . : joe stop smile . spot. stretch , Victoria . Lay back , lay hack . casey , candy good . ( to Victoria ) . you be gonna do it again . Gary , Danny - ( to Victoria ) and do not smile , this be not a high school.play . ' ( the gretchen ) Count . - bold it ! et stand on you right foot poin : you leave toe and drop that shoulder . that 's not too hard now be it ? as Joe turn to return to run the routine again , Victoria mumble under she breath " you sonovabitch . " they begin the rehearsal again ... Victoria lose she balance on the turn and break down . the dancer finish the combination . the pianist stop . have achieve he objective , Joe turn cross a couple of step to a table , go back and hand she a couple of kleenex . they talk by the bar . 42 cowdinved Sne blew she nese . 42 cont joe I be sorry . victoria {still sobbing ) no , you be right . I be terrible y know I be terrible ... 2 can not 1 seem to do anything right ... I lock in the mirror and I be embarrassed ... maybe I should guit ... I just can not seem to do anything right . joe oput he arm around she ) look , I can not make you a great gancer . I be not sure I can make you a gaod cancer . but if you stick with it and do not give up I can make you a better gancer ... and I would like very much to do that ... stay . - victoria be you gonna keep yell at I ? joe probably . victoria I will stay . he touch ner cheek reassucingly . joe . okay . be we go , everybody . from the top . the dancer return to the center of the , room and begin gancing the combination again . after a few step , Joe 's to Victoria . sed , she lo ail . she look at he . he mouth , '' retter . " 43 44 53 , int . broadway art vocal room . joe , larry goldie , 43 jonesy hecht , ted christopher , dcctor . day . a insurance examination . Joe and the Doctor , the latter a elderly hack , sit face each other on straight chair . the dector be listen through a stethoscope place on Joe 's chest . Joe wait with bemuse anticipation as the three NY / LA producer wait anxiously . both the Doctor and Joe have long-ash cigarettes droop from the corner of they mouth . lower the stethoscope , the Doctor turn to where he have he insurance form on a table . he pick up a pen . Joe go into a real paroxyen of cough to which the Doctor pay no attention . ee producer laugh very nervously . hecht well ... do he pass ??? Doctor just neds and sign the form . joe ( through cough ) good , I be now worth a million dollar . goldie ( jovially ) that 's only if you die before February ist . joe {as he exit ) schedule , schedule ... always schedule ..... int . cutting room . close shot . KIMBERLY on 44 steenbeck , night . on the screen we see a close up of kimberly in a exterior ( daytime ) location . on the film we hear the off- camera voice of Joe as he direct kimberly . she will react to each direction . KIMBERLY where do you want I look , joey ? joe ( 0.c . ) camera Left , kimberly . ( when she eye turn ) no , kimberly , you other leave . wider angle . joe , eddie , stacy and jonathan . night . Eddie run the steenbeck , Joe sit next to he . Joe be 44 continued revise 8/1/78 54 . 44 drink wine and leaf through the script of wee in the background stacy and Jonathan ara busy at job . Joe 's off - camera instruction to kimberly continue through - out the succeed dialogue . eddie be this the shot you mean ? joe ( glance up ) yeah . run it down * to the end . ogoe back to he script ) eddie what be you read ? joe it 's the new rewrite on the show . eddie how be it ? * joe I really have not have time to read it . ( toss it away ) ah , hell , I will fix it out of town . ( point to screen ) Mark it right there and then pull out the mono - logue . eddie * I think you be finish with the mono - logue . joe no , I have get some new idea . * eddie ( totally resign ) stacy ... guess what ?... reel three ... the mono - iogue . 45 ' revise 8/1/78 55 . int . broadway art vocal room . audpey and dann . as joe to enter . day . Paul dann be at the piano accompany audrey who be rehearse a few dance step . the door suddenly open and Joe burst in slamm the door behind he . he sit , bury he head . audrey and dann both stop . joe _ Z can not go back in that room ! I can not face that people !!... tne number 's lousy ... dann ( nervously ) the song ? joe . no , not the song ... the way I be staging it . I think we should * just cut it . dann abruptly stop play . dann {small voice ) »-- cut 4t ? I think I will leave . audrey sit right there , Paul . ge back to bar seventeen . : dann once more nervously obey . audrey begin dance . joe I will never get it . . * audrey ( continue dance , to dann ) : he always say the same thing about every number in every show . job how the hell do you know what I _ always say ? dann '' ocontinue to play ) do not you think it would be better . if I step outside ... * audrey just keep play , Paul . 45 revise 8/1/78 56 . continued 45 totally frustrated , Joe start to follow audrey around the room . jor espace Christ , I only do this show because you want to play that stupid twenty - four year ole girl . audrey do a high kick aim for Joe 's chin which miss only because he jump away . audrey ( not stop ) oh-h -h , I know sooner or later you would say that . * you do think I be too old for - the part . but you be wrong . I can play twenty - four year old , and I will damm well prove it . you want to quit the show , quit anne show . * you do not have to do anything for I . but do not kid yourself that you be do it for any other reason but guilt about I . / joe guilt ! what guilt ? audrey for never go a day when you be faithful to I ... ( continued ) 45 57 . continued 45 joe oh , that guilt ! en exasperate ) faithful ! faithful ! do not you know to be faithful you gotta have faith ? not just in marriage , but the whole thing . ( pause , follow she across the rocm ) how do I know you be " faithful " to I ? audrey 2 you know iwas . '' 0 7 joe that 's right , I know you be . she pirouettes and as she do she hand slap he right acress the mouth . joe ( accusingly ) you mean to do that . audrey ( politely ) + 2ex , I do . you keep I work all the time . I never have a chance to cheat . out of frustration , he grab she by the wrist and stop she dance . joe what 's the big hang up about fidelity ? what make you think that faithfulness be the great virtue in the whole world ?! audrey well , it 's a hell of a lot better than that meaningless affair you keep tap dance through , that stacys ... that victorias ... ( more ) 45 46 47 48 58 . continued 45 audrey ( contd ) ( accuse finger ) you be not even fool Michelle about Victoria , you know . the bonny , the wendy , the debby , the donnas . [ I can not even rl be remember all the name t a can not either . Quick , tell I , tmat - be the game of the gizl in Philadelphia -~- the blonde with the television show . joe the blonde with the television show ... the blonde with the television show ... she name ... the blonde with the television show be ... she name be sweetheart ... honey ... dear ... I do not remember she name . ( long pause ) tes wait a minute . = -- 6 mee ( to himself ) i-eca n't-remember - that-gir1 .'s - name . suddenly , as though he have experience a revelation , he swiftly exit the room . dann what be that ? where would he go ? audrey do not worry , Paul , I think he just get a idea for the number . let 's go back to bar seventeen . dann start to play . she start to dance . omit 46 int . joe' bathroom . joe . day . 47 the morning waking montage do in very short cut : vivaldi cassette , os seftzer , shower , dexedrine , '' it 's show time , folk '' into mirror , etc . int . broadway art waiting room . producer , composer . 48 night . wait be hecht , Christopher , goldie , and dann . 49 50 -_ 32 59 . int . hallway outside door to rehearsal room . night . 49 joa come through the door and camera truck with he down the hallway past small room where we hear various frag - ment of other rehearsals , he enter the wait room where they look at he 50 expectantly . joe look , it 's really not ready yet , and I gotta tell ya , it do not exactly turn out the way we talk about so ewhy do not you go in ... and I will show it to you in five minute . I wanna get a drink of water , they rise and head to large rehearsal room as Joe head toward bathroom . int . broadway art bathroom . joe . night . 51 Joe be bent over a bowl in a partition toilet retching violently . finally recover , he cross to a sink , apply cold water . to he head and face , then pop a dexedrine . look into the mirror over the sink , he parody he '' it 's show time " gesture . resume large rehearsal room . joe , ' audrey , dancers , 52 production staff , night . henan stm the producer and composer seat thamselv2s in a line of chair face away from the mirror . audrey find a corner away from the group . like a fix " jury , " expect a " gideon == showbiz - type << razzle dazzle == crowd -please number , '' they have already decide they be go to like it -= - only the amowit of appreciation be in question . this be the number we first heary dann audition for Joe and the procucer . a_production number for " NY / LA " rrrrrerarerrrrererrrereererrrrererererrerererrerrrrae eker and that 's exactly thea way the number start : traditional Broadway -- " with style and moderate invention . ' the '' jury '' be obviously pleased at the beginning . it be exactly what they expect and want . they show they pleasure with frequent ad lib appreciative remark and be all smile , 52 rev . 10/2/78 60 ( continued ) 52 contd then suddenly the number take a acute change ! :: dancer begin disrob , the first be Victoria . hecht stare at Victoria , be face red with embarrassment . hecht what 's go on ? christopher ( similarly embarrassed ) --. I think they be take off they . clothes . both be now rivete by the sight of a boy dancer disrob . dann . Jesus Christ ! soon the entixe company have disrobe . the boy dancer wear only dance belt ( with hat on they head , o£ course ) . the girl wear only a minimum of clothing . it 's apparent that Joe have decide that the theme of the number be " casual or indifferent sexual encounter in contempora : society " : people meet -- have sex -- separate without a residue , or even memory , of relationship . there be various mechanical sex coupling : every variation of girl and boy ~- boy and boy -- girl and girl -- in three and four -~ and so on and so on ... . . this be certainly not what the '' jury '' have expect . shock , confusion , bewilderment read very cteazty on they face . the number finish with all the dancer in isolate area ; caress only themselves , loving only themselves , incapable of make contact with any other person . there be nothing leave but self - love . : wet atria rrr rik tc tor tok I trie erik erat parr rrr E ree re k there be a very long pause during which both 4 ancer and Joe look tentatively toward the " jury " . dann appear to be on the verge of hysteria . hi eI rr KI TK rr err kio tkr re rie rrr er ioc rr ik song -- '' take off with US " ro after song '' c.52 ( contd ) tango : rev.10/2/78 soa producer after _song that 's great joey ... joe $ c.52 conti there 's more . wait a minute ... there 's more . this set move over and another set move on . murray smoke . smoke . smoke . joe this light go down and another light come up over there . danny welcome . welcome aboard airotica . victoria Flying not only coast to coast . : candace but anywhere else you desire and fantacy wish to carry you . group take off with US . bruce let 's all get to know one another . . eileen remember we can take you anywhere canlace anywhere you want to go . danny just reach out you hand and introduce yourselves . dancers my name be Cheryl . my name be leland my name be Jennifer my name be rema Gary . John . after the tango all the dancer move and say they name . cann oh no . '' rev . 60 B $ c.52 ( continued ) christopher on no . hecht oh my God . calypso throughout the number the Producers whisper comment hecht oh , I think we lose the family audience . christopher there go the family audience . later as we see two boy together , hecht we will : maybe get the gay . christopher uh huh most likely the gay . be '' hecht there go the deep south . christopher uh huh forget the South . during the rock : dann '' wait a minute . I think I just hear a little bit of my song . sex , sex , sex . do not he ever think of anything else but sex . maybe he should have cut it . Murray move in light curtain . joe then a actor come out of the side of the stage and he say : not once 10/3/78 $ c.52 cont to each other . during any of we flight have we have the crash of any real human contact . or the bumpiness of any real human communication . a sc.52 ( continued ) '' rev , 60c group Goodbye ...uh ... I hope to see you again soon ...uh... really nice to have meet you ...uh ... you mean a ict to I ...uh ... Goodbye . . joe qur motto be " we take you everywhere but get you nowhere " . murray blackout . joe light . well ... hecht interesting . christopher uh huh ... interesting . joe but do you like it ? hecht unusual . ceristopher yah ... unusual . joe well , maybe I can fix that out of town ... Joe cress to audrey . joe I do not like it ... what do you think ? audrey it 's the best work you have ever do . ( pause ) you son of a bitch . she get up and exit . ( note : delete balance of sc.s2 at top of page 61 . ) 1673778 sc.52 contd 52 53 61 . continued 52 another pause . hecht ( clear he throat ) eooeeeinteresting ... the rest of the '' jury '' hesitatingly ad lib uncertain praise . Joe cross to audrey . . joe ( quietly ) I do not think they like it ... what do you think ? audrey look at he and we see that she 's cry . audrey eeee it 's the best work you have ever do . ( pause ) you son-of -a-bitch . she get up and exit . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . night . 53 she sit hold a rise , smell it appreciatively . we hear the music of a Jazz Trio . joe no ... nothing , I ever do be good enough ... it 's not beautiful enough ... it 's not deep enough eseit 's not funny enough ... it 's net anything enough . he go to she , take the rise from she hand , examine it . joe when I see a rise ... now , that 's perfect ... perfect. ( pause ) I want to look up to God and say , " how the fuck do you do that ? why the heli '' can not I do that ? " angelique ( pause , nod appreciatively ) now , that 's probably one of you better con line . 53 54 revise 8/1/78 62 . continued - 33 joe yeah , it be . sut that do not mean I do not mean it . angelique ee- Z do not say you do not mean it . jazz trio out . int , projection room . joe , eddie , penn , alvin 54 rackmil , audrey , katie , michelle , stacy and other . night . this be a invite screen of the standup . seat at the console be Eddie lerner , joshua Penn and stacy . directly in front of the console be audrey , Michelle and Joe 's lawyer - agent Alvin rackmil . Katie sit a row or two down . ie room lig. be still up . Joe stand in front of the blank screen address the small , invite audience . it be clear he be in the middle of a litany of excuse . joe -.- this be a rough cut , I mean * really rough . we do not have the title in and a lot of the sound effect . the print do not match '* and so..e+e penn ( interrupt ) enough apology , Joe . can we _ * just run the film ? joe okay . he start up the aisle and as he pass the console : joe ( contd ) : ( to Eddie ) | okay . start it . I '11 be back _ din a second . : he exit . 63. 54a int . corridor cutside projection room . '' angle to men' 534a room door . night . from inside the men' room we hear souncs of Joe retching . $ 4b resume projection room 548 Joe enter 2s the monologue have just start . he sit next to Eddie . expecting audience response which be not forthcoming , he mumble to Eddie . joe it 's a bomb , they hate it . ( pause ) maybe they be not hearing it . eddie it 's fine , it 's fine ... joe ( pause ) they be not hearing it . ( look at screen - a moment ) maybe they be hearing it . ( another pause ) no , they be not hearing it . he reach for the volume control and boost sound until it boom through the room , nervously he took around for mora response from the audience . he do not get it . leans across Eddie to Penn . joe I be sorry , joshua . ( lean forward to rackmil ) you hate it , right , Alvin ? you hate it . rackmil no , Joe , no . joe : then why be not . you laugh ? rackmil sheh -h-h ! ( indicate screen ) I can not hear what he 's say . joe {to Eddie ) seet ... I tell you they can not hear it . rev . 10/3/78 64 54b ( continued ) 54b contd oo 55 56 he try to boost sound again : penn ( to Eddie ) Eddie , be there any way you can get he away from that knob ? Eddie reach over and gently remove jce 's hand from the volute control , then turn down sound to proper level . after another few second , Joe find the pressure unbearable . jce ( to Eddie and Penn ) call I later . he holt out of the room . int . joe' live room , joe . -— day . 55 he sit on the couch on the phone . while we do not inmediately see then , we will be aware of Michelle and Katie in the kitchen . it 's a Sunday . SCE soo no , I be here , joshua . I just be not answer the phone . really , joshua ? -+- no kid ?! they buy that love story ?... int . ktichen . michelle and katie . -~ day . 56 Michelle be prepare a salad and Katie a chicken for the oven . while we do not hear the specific word , we be aware of Joe on the phone . it will ring again during this moment . the two speak in hushed tone . katie . do you find , ‘em ? Michelle nod " yes " . where ? michelle a suitcase in he closet . katie where do you put ‘am ? Michelle point to a cabinet . katie he do not see you , do he ? 57 ws 58 rev.10/11/78 65 ( continued ) 56 contd Michelle neds " no " . Katie nod " good " . both look over they shoulder then back to each other . katie & michelie let 's go backwards when all else fail . both go back to prepare dimer . resume jce on phone . 57 jos no , Alvin , T be here , but I just resume kitchen 58 the two girl be contim they preparation for dinner . ' they still speak in hushed tone . michelle I do not think I can g through with it . both mouth the word " hop hop hop hop " , as they point they finger at each other on each word . jce appear in the kitchen doorway , lock very pleased . land eat ( continued ) 58 ( continued ) katie rev.10/11/78 65 a $ 8 ( contd ) . joe well , at least two people say the screen be a hit ... ( Michelle and Katie applaud ) one be my producer and the other my lawyer . michelle oh , Joe , everybody love it ... oh , daddy .... we tell you that last night but you would not listen to we . Katie laugh . michelle ( slice a tomato ) that be the first r-rated movie I ever see and I love it . joe do you understand it ? - michelle I understand everything except the part where there be two girl in bed together and they be kissing ... what be that suppose to mean ? joe be dinner ready yet ? " michelle ( not to be deny ) what be that suppose to mean ? rer on 58 59 rev . 10/11/78 66 ( continued ) joe 58 ( coi well , Michelle , there be . certain woman who ... {to Katie . thanks a lot. {to Michelle ) there be certain woman ... uh ... well , they do not relate to man ... michelle ( interrupt , to Katie ) I think lesbian scene be a big turn off . _ joe you be right . I should have cut it . I be hungry . resume live room . joe , michelle & katie . -- night . 359 Katie and Michelle be re-arranging live room for they musical number . ~ katie , - brrrr ... crash . lady and gentlemen , in honor of the semi-successful screen ... michelle dad , get the light . katie '' +.0 for Joe gideon 's new film " the standup " , we be proud to present that new dance sensation , Jagger and gideon . michelle gideon and Jagger . katie gideon and Jagger . michelle dad , sit down . . katie yeah , sit down , Joe , sit down --. in a under- rehearse tribute . michelle I be so nervous . 60 60a 67 . continued 60 that the cast sit on one side and Joe and staff face they . the cast would include some of the dancer and also actor whom wa have not yet meet . naturally , audrey be present , seat almost directly opposite Joe . a model of the set be prominently display in front of Joe . joe ( up and bright ) ok , .. now you have all see the set and costume design ... what I would like to do now be read through the script tor-the-first—time . none of we have ever hear it read aloud , so I think it will give we a idea of what we have . do not be nervous v , ake — te—eesy ... do not try to act .e. dust a simple read through . ok ... light up , audrey sing she first number and now , audrey , you speech on page two . note : from here on the book read sequ ence be entirely Silent , a dumb show , except for exa ' erate so ettect involve Joe . for example , he iit Strike a match , Light he cigarette and crack he knuckle . the read evoke great positive response from both the cast and everyone else in the room except Joe and audrey . we see ( and to remind you again ~~ do not hear a. ase response : laughter , applause , thigh -slapping , look of mutual joy and seli-satisfaction . Joe occasionally manu - facture a sickly smile during a continuation of the exaggerated sound effect , which further include cough , sniffle , heavy breathe , stubbing out cigarette in ashtray , etc . the pleased , laugh response of the on= looker hag reach epic proportion , they have never hear anything so funny . the more Joe hear of the book , the more he realize he and the show be in desperate trouble . at the end of the read , Joe force the sick - test of smile , touch he chest , massage he leave arm and close he book . it be the last sound effect we hear . int . broadway art hallway . katie , murray , victoria , 60a other . day . come from the elevator Katie start toward the big rehearsal room , she carry a rise . Victoria be get a cup of coffee from the machine . she and Katie see one another . there be a moment of recognition and both cover with insincere smile _and_nod . rev.ig/11/73 68-69 delete sc.60a bottom of page 67 . delete sc.61 . . 62 int . hospital emergency area . outside SMALL 62 curtained emergency examining room . audrey , katie , dr . hyman , hecht , christopher , goldie -- day they stand in a tight circle , all deeply concerned and at a loss . Dr. Henry hyman be Joe 's regular internist . dr . hyman {with honest bewilderment ) I check he out a month ago ... cholesterol count be a little high , but otherwise ... ( continued ) 62 63 70 . continued 62 audrey . {very tight , furiously , to hyman ) you mean , he con you too ! you mean , you be he doctor and you do not know he get no sleep ... take dexedrine like they be m & m 's ... smoke five pack of unfiltered cigarettes a day ... pooze every night ... ( a direct accusatory look at Katie ) .eeand God know what else he do !... ( back to hyman ) you ...did not ...know ...all ... that !? uzn away some fuckin’ doctor !!! Dr. hyman have nothing to say . int . SMALL examining room . - joe , audrey , katie , 63 producer , dr . hyman , dr . ballinger , saeteeeet , day . nurse parson Dr. burton ballinger be a cardi gh ais abo y3e * just complete he examination . > be detach Joe from the cardiogram machine . Joe be obviously in trouble , perspire heavily and find it difficult to breathe . dr . ballinger ( who have have it with Joe , address group ) all right ... who ' 's in charge of this million - dollar show that Mr , gideon keep talk about ? the producer lock at each other . becht seed guess I be . dr . ballinger ( to hecht ) Mr. gideon have a very serious case of angina that could possibly lead to a massive coronary ... joe . oh , eucki !! dr . ballinger ( riding over ) 's - and it be my opinion that if ( more ) ~~ '' revise 8/1/78 71 . continued 63 dr . ballinger ( contd ) Mr. gideon leave this hospital he life be in jeopardy . a long pause . recht zi do not think there 's any doubt that Joe should stay . christopher : Dr. ballinger , could you give we some idea of how long ..... dr . ballinger ( interrupt ) why do not we step outside ? 's he exit , follow by the three producer and hyman . * nurse parson be still busy with the machine . audrey and Katie remain . joe dector ... what do they know ? ( hit he chest ) the pain 's go . I feel fine . he reach for he shirt . audrey stop he . audrey ... please stay . katie Joe ... atay . Joe look at both of they . after a moment he reach in pants pocket , remove he container of dexedrine . he beckon to audrey . ~ joe ( whisper ) here ... ( hand she pill '' -- smile ) . «.. you can get a good price for this in a schoolyard . the two doctor and the three producer re-enter , * _ the latter with somber expression . joe ( to doctor ) all right . I will stay , but how much time be vou talk about ? 7 63 continued 63 dr . ballinger we can not give you a exact date . dr . hyman '' we plan to move you upstairs to a private room where you can get complete rest . . dr . ballinger we want to put you on a machine and see what happen . . joe yeah , I get ya , but what be you 1 talk about ? one day ?... Three day ...?? there 's a exchange of look among hecht , Christopher and goldie . . dr . ballinger a at least two to three week . soe ' ( explode ) you have get to be kid ?!! I have get a show to do . I have get a whole cast sit and wait . speak up and tell he , will ya jonesy . when hecht say nothing , Joe continue to doctor . joe ( contd ) you have get to be out of you fuck mind . nclutches chest ) oh , Christ !... oh , shit ! dr . hyman what 's wrong ?! ad lib of concern from all the other in room . joe my chest ! ~~ it be obvious that Joe be have a massive coronary . Dr. ballinger turn to nurse parson . dr . ballinger miss parson . move ! 63 64 65 66 67 73 . continued 63 she immediately rush out to summon the emergency team . joe ( direct he rage at beth doctor ) it 's you goddamn fault !!!... it 's u. S who be do this to I !! = ( ealiy scream ) I be not sick until I get here !! int . ' taxi cab , audrey and michelle s~day . 64 they sit in the cab . Michelle hold a bag of schoolbook . michelle what 's wrong with he ? audrey it 's ... exhaustion . int . new york hospital . single room in cardiac 65 intensive care . joe and technician . day . sedate , Joe lie on a bed completely cut . he have be connect to the proper monitoring machine , they click and flash . this room = can new be observe from & window betuaen fom = \enger reem . michelle ( v.0 . ) you be lie to I . cross fade : ' ratie ( v.0 . ) no , I be not a member of he immediate family ... int . theatre backstage . katie . night . 66 in costume , Katie ig on the phone . katie I be ... I be ...his girlfriend ... ( to herself} -- sometimes ... resume joe in hospital . 67 alone again , more machine go . katie ( v.0 . ) well , can I leave a message ?... please tell he ... 67 68 69 70 7 74 , continued 67 cross fade : hecht 's voice . hecht ( v.0 . ) we have make a decision to post - pone for four month . int . broadway art . large rehearsal room . 68 cu girl dancer . day . first girl well , there go the new apartment . resume joe in hospital . 69 machine go . et recht ( v.0 . ) but we be assure that jo# will be fine ... resume broadway art . featuring hecht . entire 70 company and staff , a somber group listen to hecht . audrey sit nearby , attempt to look optimistic . hecht .». and the show will definitely be do . cu second girl dancer . second girl let 's go shopping and spend all we money , resume hecht . hecht we be aware of the financial burden this might impose on some of you ... resume joe in hospital . dr . ballinger and technician . 71 Dr. ballinger be check chart . Joe remain out . hecht ( v.0 . ) «sand we be prepare to try to get you temporary job , even lend ( hore ) . 7 72 73 74 75 76 75 , continued , 7 hecht ( v.0. contd ) you money . we do not have a lot of cash available ... but what I be try to say be we would like to do whatever possible to keep you all together . cross fade : audrey 's voice , audrey ( v.0 . ) «ee and just a hour ago ... resume broadway art . featuring audrey . 72 audrey : «seat the hospital he be make joke ... he say ... resume joe in hospital . - - 73 nurse parson be exchange intravenous bottle . audrey observe through the window , obviously deeply concerned . auprey ( v.00 ) «.- be sure to tell all of you that he have a great idea for a new and hilarious hospital number ... cu first boy dancer and victoria . 74 he 's cry . Victoria , also cry , try to comfort he . resume jo£ in hospital . 75 Joe be still out ... machine click , etc , dann ( v.0 . ) ( joke ) .«ehospital number ?? which I imagine will require I to write qa newe.e resume broadway art . featuring dann . 76 dann o4esonnge ( eress to piano ) how do the title hospital hop grab you ? over nervous laughter dann bang out a couple of bar of ragtime . 77 78 79 80 81 82 ravise 8/1/78 76 . resume joe in hospital . - 77 Joe be still out . we hear dann improvise a few bar of the ragtime . resume broadway art . dann at piano . 78 dann ( to all ) hey !... I have get it already ... resume joe in hospital . dr . ballinger and dr . hyman . 79 Joe be awake and reasonably alert . dr . ballinger thing be look better . we be gonna move you upstairs to a private room for awhile . Joe nod " good . * - omit . omit 80 resume broadway art . featuring hecht . 81 hecht , really , what we all want you to know be , we pick you ... we love you ... you be , without question , a absolutely ... abrupt CUT to : some int . vivian beaumont theatre . dann , luca sergeant , '' 82 lighting director . day . : * Lucas sergeant be a successful director : sharp , energetic , and ambitious . at the moment he be engage in set light for a scene involve a * brass bed set center stage . nearby sit hig liyhting ' director who talk into a intercom to make the various lighting change . he hold in front of hin a lighting plot . sergeant and dann sit a couple row behind he . the rest of the theatre be empty . during the succeed , the lighting designer will call cue and make adjustment ( " let I see twenty - seven at half , . now add twenty - eight ... " atc ) . dann . +. emarvelous cast ! and now we have get to sit around four month , maybe evan lose they ... 82 continued revise 8/1/78 77 . sergeant {to dann ) I can see where it would be difficult to hold that cast together ... it 's : really a shame ... and even after four month , with a heart attack , there 's really no guarantee he will be able to work . dann none ... and he 's the great . sergeant ( neds ) hmmm . dann and , Lucas , I think we have a sure hit , a sure hit ... read like a dream ... sergeant eeeI would love to read it . dann I will get a copy to you this afternoon . . . ( pause ) what 's you schedule like ? I mean , I know you do not need the dough ... -light director how about this , Lucas ? sergeant oglances at stage ) no , it should be more shadowy . this be a seduction scene , . you know . ( to dann ) how much be joa get ? : dann ( very quickly ) five percent of the gross , until payoff . then he go to six percent , twenty percent of all subsidiary rights , include a movie sale . sergeant well ... my schedule be pretty full , but ... of course , you know how I feel about you . and I love joey . so ... if there 's any way I can help ... 82 * rm ~ . revise 8/1/78 78 . oo 82 continued g2 * the bed be now light in a very seductive fashion . * : sergeant * ( to lighting director ) better , better ... I like that . abrupt CUT . to : 83 _hallucinatory dressing room , joe and angelique . 83 | night . . Joe be try on various style of glass , a la elton John . she wear sunglass . off screen we hear music . . joe soma people collect stamp ... some collect dead butterfly ... angelique - and you ? - ao moe , joe , me? I be a dedicated collectc > of injustice . . : angelique | sometimes real , sometimes imagine . joe ( nodd ) '' I always look for the worst in * people ... angelique «eea piece of you in they ... . * joe yeah ... a piece of I ... and generally * I find it . angelique it may take you year , but , you will find it . you be cute , .. you be cute . he laugh , look at she a moment , he attraction to she wo obviously deepen . music out . ( 84 as revise 8/1/78 79 . | ext . ' california pool . KIMBERLY . day . 84 near hysteria , the beautiful co-star of the film the standup be on a poolside lounge hold a telephone . she wear a bikini and we see the trade papers somewhere nearby . KIMBERLY ( wail ) I just read about it in the trade , joey ... and I be so upset . do not die , joey !... please do not die !! «eet need you . intercut , between : 85 int . joe' bcspital room . close shot on joe on phone . day . : joe kimberly , please ... calm down . KIMBERLY you be the only one who understand I . what would I do without you ? ( continued ) as 86 80 .. continued 85 joe you would do fine , believe I . KIMBERLY ( even more hysterical ) everyone I have ever love leave I , they all leave I ... they ail leave meet ! '' please do not die , joey ! joe kimberly , I give you my sincere word , I will not die . ok ?... wider angle . the room . katie , penn , rackmil , stacy , two girl dancers , one boy dancer , day . a party atmosphere . Flowers , book , a pile of script , wall decoration which include a poster from the standup . the television set be on although the sound have be turn down . there be evidence of food -having be deliver from a outside delicatess . while Joe be on the phone , talk among the people be subdued . Katie be arzange flower which have just be deliver . joe ( contd ) I have to get off now ... ( lie ) eeethe doctor just come in . KIMBERLY I leve you , joey . I love you , I love you , I love you , I love you , atc . joe I love you , too , kimberly , he hang up . joe ( to all ) eeel wish I could have get that performance out of she in the picture , they laugh . resume KIMBERLY . angle to include male companion . 86 we now see a heavily muscle young man in the stringiest of bikinis . he stand waist deep in the pool oiling himself . 86 87 81 . continued 86 KIMBERLY ( still hysterical ) jeay 's die !!... oh my God , joey 's die ... the young man just glance at she . reaching to a table she lift a drink , take a deep swallow . KIMBERLY {never stop she cry ) how 's the water ? Young man nod that it 's fine . rising , iimberly cross to the edge of the pool remove the bikini top . she jump in . sob she embrace the young man and they start to make love . int . joe' room , joe and katie . o'conner flood on 87 television . night . _ Katie sit at the bedside as they both watch television . Joe hold a remote tv control . on screen be a ebullient o'conner flood perform hia role of variety - talk show host . flood be black . he be Mr. showbiz and infinitely hip . he wear bead arid other accoutrement that weigh more than he do . now he assume the air of a man about to announce the second come . throughout the introduction , Joe make mock comment which cause Katie to laugh . o'conner flood my next guest ... the word superstar be totally inadequate , man . ( pause ) whenever I do a benefit , I know I can get on the horn and call this dude ... and ne-met- - where — he— - ito an-this — werkd , I can count on he to be there with I ... I feel humble in he presence , , - ené— i-meen~that ... otapp he chest ) »eefrom what 's deep in here . lady and gentlemen . , . let I lay on you ... joe okeep just a beat ahead of o'conner ) a great entertainer ... o'conner flood ( a split second later ) eoea great entertainer ... 87 88 continued 87 joe '' 28 great humanitarian ... o'conner flcod ( a split second later ) «ee great humanitarian ... joe «eeand my dear friend for twenty - five year ... o'conner flood «seand my dear friend for twenty year ... Joe click off set . katie ( smile ) miss it by five year . — joe Boy , do I hate showbiz , katie joey , you love showbusiness . joe Boy , do I love showbusiness . ( pause ) I will go either way . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . night , 988 Joe have stop experiment with make - up and be stare inte the mirror . behind he be angelique . off screen we hear music . joe . «eelove showbusiness , hate show : business ... suddenly two girl dancer appear in scanty disco - type costume . they be there to get Joe 's approval of they costume , : ist DISCO dancer be this okay , Joe ? Joe inspect she , take she waist , turn she around , inspect she rear , turn she back , leaping on eye on angtique hope to evoke a resmense , 88 revise 8/1/78 83 , continued eo joe Fine . 2nd DISCO dancer how about mine ? he repeat the action , but this time make a few adjust - mant of a tassel , a strap or something . joe I like it . I like it . two dancers oh good ... good .. they disappear , he lock after they , then look back to angelique . joe - ( with a appreciative ~ * sigh ) woman ... to tell the truth , I get into this business ..... angelique * ( finish ) +«- just to meet girl . he 's take aback by she ability always to anticipate * he thought . joe someone once ask willy sutton why he rob bank , and he say " Cause ... that 's where the money be . " ( pause ) this be where the girl be . angelique . * you can not make I jealous , joe. joe * so I see . . music out . montage : the follow all take place in _ Joe 's room and will cover a per to sevaral day . the time wi a8 | 89 revise 8/1/78 83a . continued 38 ° vi from Day to night . sometimes Joe be heavily drugge he speech star , at other time he be quite alert . '' he transition between each moment 13s mar . : fadin ts . at time the ression wi. je that he fas 's close S eye on one scene and reoper : 1 m to = another time . int . joe' room . joe and paul dann . night . 89 dann have just set up a cassette machine at Joe 's bedside . prom the number of cassettes he have bring , dann slip one into the machine . we hear the open bar of the rahm hony # 4 in E minor - 98 , all non troppo B : sore x : op t sine ee 2 ww. con 's 28 . ou ! @ entire . @_attect ' ougnow : 3 ence ww. @ of a musica no . . - joe brahm ? , .. I have not listen to brahm in year . ( continued ) 89 90 91 92 93 84 , continued 89 as the music swell , Joe close he eye . dann ( anjoy the music : '' with he ) 6 - 0 . ) wae : and you do not have to tap dance to it . joe ( blissfully ) - e - it 's beautiful . = ~ fade up immediately to : day . 90 fade to black = fade up immediately to : day . 91 joe' Pov , boy dancers and other visitors . a room full of people , include hecht , Christopher and cast member from n¥ /la . two boy dancer in fuil ballet make - up =~ eye shadow , false eyelash , etc . <= be do a_campy pas-de-deux . much laughter . fade to black -= fade up immediately tq : night . 92 Katie be read to Joe from a collection of e.e. cumming . katie '' now i love you and you love I ( and book be shutter than book can be ) " fade to black ~=- fade up immediately to : night . 93 propped up in bed , Joe read from the same ¢.é. cumming to first poetry girl . she be a pretty model - dancer type . he look soulfully into she eye . joe " now i love you and you love I ( and book be shutter than hook can be ) " . ~~ 93 94 a ! 95 ~~ 85 . continued 93 he look at she meaningfully . she be obviously move . . first poetry girl oh , joey.e - fade to black -- fade up immediately to : day . 94 in a smoke - fill bathroom with the door close , Joe be frantically puffing away . suddenly the door open to reveal two stern nurse , head nurse , miss pierce , and floor nurse , miss Collins . Beyond 's they we should see a room full of people . in total confusion , Joe try to flush the cigarette down the toilet . nurse pierce Mr. gideon , what be you do ? joe I catch someone smoking . I be just get rid of it . I tell they ... ~ ( point toward room ) ...a man in my condition should not even be around smoke . ( address guest ) now , goddamit , I do not want any more smoking in this room ! day . 95 \wandeviane straightman ) no , audrey ... tell\me about the egomania with a inferiority complex . \udrey he say ... " fuak you , I be number forty -saven ! " ut for they resume the song and do a vwittle dance\step . Joe laugh . 96 97 93 86 , fade to black -- fade up immediately to : night . 96 se Student nurse capobianco <= young , virginal , attractive , pusiness - like -- be give Joe a massage , work on the thigh . enjoy the experience , he tease she . joe o-o-0 - 0... that feel good ... I might get a erection . nurse capobianco ( in real girlish panic ) oh , do not do that . joe miss capobianco , how much do you charge for genital ? nurse capobianco the same as I do . for , Jews , , . Mr. gideon . fade to black -= fade up immediately tt : day . 97 joe' Pov . hecht , christopher , goldiz . dumb show to SOUND to dumb seow . animatedly they be talk business that presumably interest Joe . the dumb show abruptly beccmn '' live . '' hecht ah , the hell with it . we will do a show ... we will not do a show . christopher right ! the main thing be to get you back on you foot . what 's the difference in the long run ? goldie and speak of long run , joey , should we keep building the scenery ? ( quickly ) just a joke ... just a joke . back to dumb show . pade to black -- fade up immediately to : day . 98 joe' Pov . pan shot . dumb show . the producer have be replace by a group of racially - mix doctor lead by a resident , who be the only one talk . 98 99 100 101 102 continued 98 among the student doctor be two woman , ~ equal fascina= tion to a couple of male doctor se bett sede of kimberly , part of a elaborate ad-campaign display for the standup . fade to black <= fade up_immediately to : night . 99 Davis Newman perches in a chair at the side of the bed , keep a slight distance and observe . davis you be just like I be , it 's get you by the ball , if you can not make it as a genius then fuck it , why not die ?... right ? joe oe eright . he close he eye . fade to black == fade up_ immediately tos day . 100 joe' Pov . a large portable , monster - like x-ray machine be wheeled into the room . a goggle technician operate the machine as it sweep across joe. vee seth iaeal fade to black -~ fade up immediately to : night . 101 propped up in bed , Joe read from a collection of 2.e. cumming to second poetry girl , also 2 pretty model - cancer type . he look soulfully into she eye . joe '' and deep in the high that go nothing but fall {with a shout each around we go ail ) there 's somebody call who 's we '' he look at she meaningfully . she be obviously move . second poetry girl eee ' who 's we ' ... oh , joey . pade to black -- fade up immediately to : day . 102 joe' Pov . audrey hold up a Michelle water - color of she father lie 102 103 104 105 88 . continued 102 in the hospital . in the draw he have a big smile , the draw gay : " to dad , Love from Michelle . '' E =f up iately to ; night . 103 stacy at he bedside , Joe be on the telephone . : joe ( distract by stacy ) -.- they have this rule about visitor where you have to be at least sixteen . ( pause ) . I agree , Michelle ... it be a dumb rule . , ea fade to black =~ pade up immediately 30 : day . 104 the room be crowded , include Murray Nathan . the head dietitian , a Oriental woman , have the week 's menus . over she speech Joe deliberately take _a huge turkey - ca- rye from Murray 's _nand . dietitian I will leave this menus with yeu , Mr. gideon . pléase check off what you want for the come week . joe ( look at menus , do number for he audience , put sandwich in he mouth and talk through it ) oh Monday I will have the roast beef , Tuesday chicken , Wednesday steak , and Thursday I plan to be dead so I will just have something light . fade to black <= fade up immediately to : night . 105 not , another visit from Davis , lean into Joe . davis ( intensely ) shit , you be more obsessive than I be , .. and what 's keep you alive be that hope , that one possibility that once , just once , you will create a work of real importance . right ? 105 106 107 108 continued : 105 joe ee eright . he close he eye . fade to black == fade up immediately tq : day . 106 fade to 3 ) now the visitor be . Penn , Eddie lerner , stacy and Alvin . eddie ( little shrug ) eee it seem to be get all the laugh . rackemil the response at the screening have be sensational . stacy joey , they love the picture . you should hear what they say come out of the sscreenings . Film freak from . nyu..and .. even old couple in they thirty . penn .eewhat make I happy be we have get cinema I in New York and the westwood Village in LA . fade to black -- fade up immediately to : night . 107 propped up in bed , Joe read from a collection of e.¢. cumming to third poetry girl . she be also pretty and black . he look soulfully into she eye . joe " ( with a spin leap alive we be alive ) we be wonderful one time one " third poetry girl ( obviously move ) and that make you think of I ? Joe gravely nods_y . fade to black += fade up immediately to : day . 108 nurse bate draw what seem to be a lot of blood from Joe 's arm . 1038 109 116 ili 90 . continued 108 joe Jesus , I do not know I have any leave . nurse bate just one more , Mr. gideon . she give another jab . fade to black = fade up immediately to : day . 109 dumb_show : the party be at its height . Katie be present as Joe clearly enjoy a performance from dann . he be belting out a number with exaggerated showbiz gesture . black == fade immediately to : niget . 110 Katie sit read to t Joe 's bedside kassage he leave hayd and fade to black ~~ fade up immediately to : night . 111 ee another visit from Davis , lean into joe. davis oo. eye gideon , I 've. get real insight into you ... there 's a deep-rootad fear of be conventional ... first you leave you wife and just live with a woman . when society say that be ok ... you immediately break off and try live with two woman ... menage , all that shit . when society start to accept that as a life style ... it throw you , right ?.. , where do you go from there ?... Three woman ? ten ?? TI tell ya , gideon , I have get real insight into you ... and what 's underneath be this dreadful fear that you be ordinary , not special '' + e that sex thing ... 1 would not say you be a faggot , but you have a lot of feminine characteristic ... joe ee eright . be close he eye . . gl . 112 fade _to black -- fade up immediately to : day . 112 fade 10 3 ) the party continue . from a seat position on the bed , Joe jump down and begin dance a la Fred astaire . over the dance there be scattered ad lib protest that he 's crazy , which he ignore . 113 fade to black <= fade up immediately to : day . 113 Dr. ballinger and Dr. hyman surround Joe , who lie in bed , and be obviously lay down the law to he . he keep nodd in mechanical assent . dr . hyman you be not rest ... you be have teo many visitor . dr . ballinger you blood pressure be twenty point over what wa would hope . you candiograne have not improve one - ite - dr . hyman Joe , you be flirt with disaster . dr . ballinger you have just get to rest . - joe ( be a good boy } I will ... will . 114 pade to black <= fade up immediately to : night . 1214 at night , Joe in a sexual frenzy be press stacy to the wall . he have she dress up and . be pull she pants down . she giggle and try to resist ... but. act too seriously . stacy joey , you be crazy ... what be you do ?... you be really crazy.e. do you want to kill yoursel£ ??! joe ( never let up ) sweetheart , this could be the last act of a desperate man . nurse bate enter and observe . joe ( over he shoulder ) Dr. ballinger say I should exercise a little . 114 115 revise 8/1/78 92 . continued . . . 414 pade to black . she brahm also fade . end_of_montage . inv. lounge . dr . ballinger and hospital staff . 115 day . with the lounge decor close and no patient present , Dr. ballinger meet with the floor staff . a large ~ blackboard have be roll out and be cover with chalk notation deal with other patient . the subject now , however , be Mr. gideon . in addition to Dr. ballinger , there be & resident and two male intern plus all the nurse we have see with the addition of two or three more . Dr. ballinger be hold Joe 's chart . : - dr . ballinger — . ' ( lower chart ) * well ... obviously , everything he do be a denial of he condition . : nurse capobianco Dr. ballinger , every time I go in * the room he 's always grab and grop . dr . ballinger . have any other have that problem ? all female nurse raise they hand slowly . bemuse , Dr. ballinger look at a male interne . dr . ballinger bow about you ? pirst interne : not yet , but he 's leok at I funny . : second 's interne * he act like he really dee not * care . 115 116 to 120 121 93 . continued ' 115 dr . ballinger oh , he care all right . se-cer < . the measure of he fear of death be how much he deny its possibility by he irrational behavior . ( pause ) e-~mueh — seernex , start now , we will - .. limit he visitor to no more than two . , . three at the most . ( pick up another file ) let 's go to Mr. cartwright in fifteen twelve . 116 omit omit to 120 int , hospital corridor . joe and penn , other patient 121 and visitors . night . press in a robe , Joe walk along the corridor with Penn . Joe hold a sheaf of newspaper review of the standup and be read one or two of they . Penn be excited as Joe study what be obviously good notice . in the background be other patient and visitor , also strolling . penn Joe , I wish you could have see there . nine thirty this morning , before one review have come out , the line at cinema one be around the block . I mean , Joe , the people know ! the people know ! break every first iy record . a block= buster ... a blockbuster ... I mean a-a -a blockbuster ! and that guy from California ... you would not believe the phone call ... . " congratulation ... congratulation wesI be glad you take the time ... it be worth it ... every dollar we spend be up there on the screen ... " they be talk a three million dollar advertising budget ... three million dollar , can you believe that ? I mean , with that kind of push this picture will go right through the roof ... right through the roof . and look at that review . we do it . we do it ! 121 122 94 , continued 121 joe ( read , unexcite ) where be the bad one ? penn ( lie ) there be no bad one . joe ( leok he right in the eye ) joshua ?... penn well , there be a couple that quibble a little ... I leave they in the office . joe joshua , do I one favor , ~ ~~ ( smile ) I do not ever want to see they ... not ever they continue to walk -- now approach Joe 's room . joe ( contd ) what about the television ? int . joe' room , close shot television screen . 122 leslie perry . night . the television reviewer , Leslie perry , be a young , attractive , smile - killer type . perry ( very brightly ) Pollow Joe gideon 's triumphant directorial achievement with 50 beautiful Girls 50 , when he win avery possible award , it would be nice to report ... wider angle . joe , katie , penn , rackmil . night . joe o-o-ch , boy ... here it come . Joe lie in bed as the other be scattered about the room all watch the television . 122 continued perry «sethat Mr. gideon 's latest effort , the standup , star Davis Newman be a better film . the standup , however , do not quite stand up ... lean toward the frenetic , gideon fall into he charac - teristic weakness of try too hard to please , to entertain . slickness obscure reality , the old razzle - dazzle some - time obliterate drama . have gideon trust the truth of he story ~~ the trial and tribulation of a alcoholic nightclub comic -= - we might have have a film to equal the ase . ce as a example , there be one spectacular scene ... ( behind she we see " still " project from the monologue ) «sewhere the have -been comic , play impeccably by Davis Newman , demonstrate he former brilliance in a mono ~ legue where , clearly , director gideon give Mr. Newman free rein . rising above rather commonplace material , the actor create a classic comic aria , would that gideon have allow Newman more room throughout the entire film , but Joe gideon , in he effort to keep the standup upright , have resort to the use of ( more ) 95 . 122 penn joey , turn it off . Joe dee not respond but keep he eye glue to the screen , penn ( cue off word " not quite stand up . " ) joey , turn the fuck thing off ! joe no , I want to hear it . immediately , in response to the review , the other become terribly indignant , @irect they anger at the woman on the screen . overlapping remark from all ( to be allocate later ) ..- what the hell do she know ? «se she never give any= thing a good notice.e. .e. the woman be totally unqualified to eriticize anything ... «ee she do not know a goddamn thing about film ... $ 2208 anything for that matterec . uss she 's not review a film ... just show how clever she be ... 96 . 122 continued 122 perry ( contd ) crutch . frantic cut , '' a earsplit sound track , and he devotion to chopping rackmil off the end of scene before you know how she get the drama have play out , that job , do not you ? leave this reviewer with : bewilderment and a four - penn aspirin headache . there be «.e at the screen she certainly fine moment in tell I she like it ... the film , and a inspire performance by newcomer grimly Joe never take he kimberly Welles ... eye off the screen . sold ( a smart - ass up he hand . pause ) joe hold it !... I want to hear it all . I can not say that the standup in tense silence they wait be on its knee ... but 1t sure out je review . does. stumble . we the instant the review be over , Joe click off the set . rackmil joey , she review do not mean a damn thing . penn no matter what she say ... ( hold up review ) I guarantee it will de thirty million domestic . Joe jump off the bed and start to pace . everyone watch tensely . joe ( with inerease rage ) goddamn it ! two year work and she just wipe it out in one minute . ie < down — the-soy ! he—and - — the two year !! i Fucking broad ! I know it 's a awed picture and I make a lot of mistake , but it 's a hell of a lot better than most of the shit you see around now ! two year !il ( hore ) 122 123 124 continued 122 joe ( contd ) ( to penn} you do say the line go around the block , do not you ? penn all day . all day . joe ( to television ) killer cunt !!! {then to other people , rise to a yet higher level of rage ) be do not give a fuck what she say or what anybody say !! I _ know it 's a goddamn good movie . ue break off abruptly , shocked awareness show on he ace . . - joe ( softly , but intensely ) wait a minute . you would better get somebody . ( hold chest ) I think I be in trouble . — #eu - better deliberately he move toward the bed , and begin to press the call button , at the same time throw several nitro= glycerin tablet under he tongue . he ease himself into a lie position . out of a stunne silence , Penn react '' - run out of the room . angle in corridor . , 123 the emergency team charge down the corridor into Joe 's reom . resume room . . 124 as the team enter the room , we see Joe in deep trouble : cold sweat , tremble and troubled breathe . the four friend stand in shocked silence and begin to move out as team move in . joe omumble ) Fucking cunt do it to I ... emergency resident everyone out , please . 124 125 126 wot mm 98 . continued 124 they exit . joe ( to team ) get that goddamn television set out of this room ! they begin the emergency procedure . resume corridor just outside lounge . katie ; penn , 125 rackmil . past they we can see that the door to Joe 's room have be elese , the three be quite terrify and we should have the feel that none have say a word for a long time . unable to bear the tension any longer , but with utmost seriousness : penn - Jesus ... I never hear of anyone die from a bad notice . no one respond . the angiography room . joe and several technician . 126 xe in a frankenstein set , Joe be strapped to a table over which be suspend a giant machine . everything move ... the table and machine turn and tilting . finally , the machine descend like some predatory monster . for the first time we see Joe be obviously terrify . technician feeling okay ? joe the truth ?... I be scared . technician everybody be . do not worry about it . you can expect a warm rush of liquid all through you body -+ ebut do not be frighten by it . a mo ent pass ; suddenly he feel the pain . «es0h , goddam ... abruft CUT to : 127 hallucinatory dressing room . 128 drs . ballinger , hyman , garry . Dr , garry be a young surgeon . joe , angelique , audrey , 99 , 127 they . stand behind Joe , who look and listen with increase confusion as instantly , on the CUT , the three doctor start sit next to angelique . dr . ballinger the heart be the viscus of cardiac muscle that maintain the circula - tion of the blood . it be divide into four cavity ... two atria and two venticle . leave atrium receive oxygenate blood from the lung . dr . hyman from there the blood pass to the leave ven - tricle , which force it via the aorta through the artery to supply the tissue of the body . the right atrium receive the blood . the the babble end abruptly . joe ( totally confuse ) eeceee shuh ?7 ?! two shot . audrey and angelique . drum solo continue . audrey ( to angelique ) he have total blockage in two artery . drum solo out . int . night . joe' hospital room . close shot . rackmil . like at once . the effect will be a babbie of medical information . audrey off screen we hear a drum solo . dk. garry after it have pass through the tissue and give up moc . cf its oxygen , the blood then pass to the right venticle and then to the lung to be oxygenate . 128 he read in a quick flat monotone from a will . rackmil »eeall my just debt and my funeral ges be pay as soon as prac - ticable after my decease . fourth : I give and bequeath the sum of fifty thousand dollar to my former wife , audrey Paris gideon . fifth : I give and bequeath the sum of pifteen thousand dollar to my friend , kate Jagger . Sixth : tf {more ) 128 129 rev : 12/15/78 100 - continued : 129 ( cont : rackmil ( contd ) give , devise and bequeath ali of the remainder of my estate , both real and personal , to Michelle hope gideon . wider shot to include joe , davis and rackmil' assistant . Davis be sit in a chair . the assistant sign all copy of the will . rackmil we need another witness . wot Joe indicate Davis . ane ane davis wait a minute . I be not signing nothin 's tai not read . Davis vegin to read the will , mumble to himself as he read . jge we will be there al} night . finish read , he rise and walk to the bedside with great deliberation . davis ( quite seriously ) gideon , I do not see my name anywhere in this document . joe ( flustered ) Davis , it never occure to I ... I do not think you ... I mean ... ( apolagetically ) no ... you name be ... not in the will . davis my name be not in the will ? pause ) then , fuck you , gideon ! ... live !! int . joe' hospital room . joe , katie , black male attendant . 129 tight shot of razor . night . the razor descend and scrape across Joe 's chest as a male attendant shave he body hair prepare he for surgery . the television set be on and over this we hear another o'conner flood introduction . o'conner flood ( v.q. ) .s. this be the man who would be my first choice as a modern day saint ... wider shot . : . we see Joe , katie and the male attendant . Joe hold tne remote control as not and Katie watch the flood show . lol. 129 continued 129 o'conner flood »s. when I be on that march ... like selma ... this brother be shuffle right along with I , long before a lot of they other eat see civil rights as a hip scene and jump on the blackwagon . {with self pleasure , he slap he thigh and stamp he foot on the floor ) lady and gentleman ... let I lay on you ... Katie give the response , try to evoke a laugh from Joe . katie ( keep just a beat ahead of o'conner ) a great entertainer ... - o'conner flood ( a split second later ) eoea great entertainer ... katie eee great humanitarian .s.: o'conner flood ( a split second later ) eeea great humanitarian ... katie «»sand my dear friend for ... o'conner flood e.eand my dear friend for ... katie ( purposely gargle the numbor ) «..fassa -fassa year ... o'conner flcod +.. seventeen year . Joe click the set off , katie {still expect a laugh ) see how much I learn from you ? 102 . 129 continued 129 joe ( flatly ) I be afraid you learn too much from I . '' Katie , puzzle , just look at he , finish , the attendant pick up he tool , run he hand over Joe 's chest . attendant there you be , Mr. gideon , smooth as kojak 's head . ( exite ) good luck tomorrow . katie what do you mean ... I learn too much from you ? joe - remember last Tuesday night ? katie Tuesday ... Tuesday ?... no ... no , I do not , joe it be raining ... very hard . katie oh , yeah ... yeah , right . joe I call you at midnight . ratie can I must have be out walk the dog . + joe I call again at twelve-twonty . ( pause ) then at two -thirty . pken-at - three= -thirty . ( pause ) eesand again at five . {long pause ) you be with someone . katie oo yes . joe and you make love to he . 103 . 129 continued 129 katie oo csYeS. { she start to cry ) joe ( 0.c. ) hold that frame . abrupt CUT to : 129a triple head steenbeck . frozen frame . 129 a we see three aspect of the previous moment frozen on the machine . joe ( 0.c . ) I shot it two way . put in the version where she say '' no . " fhe steenbeck be reverse and stop , then run forward . joe 7 and you make love to he . katie ( with a sincere smile ) oe eno . joe ( 0.c. ) hold it . . the steenbeck stop abruptly . joe ( 0,c . ) no , not right . it 's not the way it happen . go back to the other way . the steenbeck be run backwards , then forward . joe and you make love to hin . katie + tna oe syese ere ( she start to cry ) abrupt CUT to : 129b hospital room . joe and katie . 1298 katie '' we be finish ... 104 . 1298 continued 1298 joe _ I do not know ... how do you feel about I ? katie ( through a burst of tear ) Joe ..e L love you . joe well , then ... we be not finish . ( a slight smile ) because I really love you . they embrace . 129c hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . night . 129 '' angelique — do you mean that ? joe oh , hell no ! I be fuckin ' piss off at she ... I do not know ... yeah , sort of , oh , hell , sometimes I do not know where the bulishit end ees I just want to say something nice to she , that 's all . in case ... angelique aeeim cas@see she move to he , kiss he on the lip . he gently push she back . joe hey , hold it ! you be come on awfully strong ... 130 int . hospital corridor . joe and surgical team . day . 130 a surgical team , consist of about eight doctor and technician , wheel Joe down the corridor on a gurney . they wear identical green gowns and cap , surgical mask hang from they neck . joe' Pov . he see the team . . oes close shot joe . effected by the sedative , he eye close briefly . he be - open then . . 130 131 132 133 134 105 . continued 130 joe * $ Pov . the team be go . take they place be audrey and Katie . ' they move along with he offer encourage smile . close shot joe . as he look from.one to the other . angle to hold joe , audrey and katie . joe ( to audrey ) if I dia , I be sorry for all the bad thing I do to you ... ( then , to Katie ) and , if I live , I be sorry for all the bad thing I be gonna do to you . : quick fade to black -= fade up immediately to : int . operating room . joe , dr . garry , anesthetist , 131 other technician . Dr. garry be bent over Joe , the mask cover he face . Joe be totally surround by a formidable medical team . abrupt CUT to : omit omit 132 close angle , joe' upper torso . 133 fully prepare now for the operation , he chest have be mark for surgery . over this we hear a voice . insurance man ( v.0 . ) ( dryly , flatly ) uesa state in the declaration , sustained directly and solely as the result of injury ... the speech continue into : int . hechtas office . hecht , christopher , goldie , 134 insurance man . the four man sit around a table . in evidence be copy of the gideon insurance pelicy and production Financial 134 135 resume operating room . statement . wrap candy . the meeting be entirely businesslike . 106 . 134 there be also a large apothecary jar fill with insurance man ».esickness , death of or permanent total disability ... hecht hold up he hand . hecht Excuse I , Mr. Clark , Larry , give I we figure . goldie ( vead from the financial statement ) well , the scenery be half build ... that 's ninety - six thousand ... ~ 135 a surgical see be pass from one pair of hand to another . goldie ( v.0 . ) .+- costume in the shop .. , about forty thousand . , . equity bond , that 's. fifty ... rehearsal salaries ».. we have make some advance to a few of the actor ... about forty= - three thousand ... office expense ... eighteen ... advertising ... thirty - seven. , .author 's advance ... that 's another ... forty thousand ... we be in for about three hundred twenty - four thousand and change . : 136 resume hechtas office , 136 hecht now , let I try to understand , ~ of that money , how much do we recoup ? christopher yeah , I be confuse , too ... do we get some , all ... what ? insurance man simply , here be the option : one..e 137 138 139 140 107 . resume operating room . 137 the see be switch on and be then move to a point directly over Joe 's chest and start toward the mark . insurance man ( v.0 . ) eeeif Mr. gideon recover and you resume production within the one hundred eighty day , we be not liable for any part of it . two : if Mr. gideon ... just before the see hit the flesh ... resume hechtas office . 138 insurance man »»eshould die and you resume pro - duction with another director within the one hundred eighty day , we be still not liable . Three : however ... - resume operating room . 139 the see rip through flesh and bone cut through the sternum ... . insurance man ( v.0 . ) ee.if Mr. gideon should die before February one and you abandon the production , we be liable for the full million dollar . «sefrom top to bottom . resume hechtas office . 140 insurance man ( slyly ) that mean , gentleman , if Mr. goldie 's figure be correct , and god=forbid Mr , gideon should expire before February one , you could make a profit of six hundred twelve thousand dollar ... ( leok at goldie ) «.eand change . Long pause . hecht oe00h , I se@.ee 140 141 14ia 1415 142 108 . continued 140 insurance man ( a tiny smile ) you sould be the first show on Broadway to make a profit without ever open . another pause . look be exchange . close shot joe . 142 a_metal ' spreader split he chest as though he be a chicken . resume hechtas office 141a hecht well , it 's all very clear to I . after a long contemplative silence , Larry goldie reach into the apothecary jar , unwrap a piece of candy , put it in he mouth and begin slowly suck on it . simultaneously , hecht light a cigarette . at the same time , Christopher take out a finger nail clipper and begin clipping he nail . the insurance man watch all three silently . abrupt CUT to : hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique , night . 1415 he 's stare in the mirror . she look at he for a long time , rise , come slowly toward he . she gently touch the back of she hand to he cheek . this be play in absolute silence == no music , no sound effect whatsoever . abrupt CUT to : int . post=surgery intensive care , full shot . joe . 142 nig&t. he lie completely still with tube come from every conceivable orifice . . close shot joe . his eye be close . slowly they open . his body begin to tremble . what he sees . eye scanning : all the activity in the poest -surgery intensive Care . room : nurse , male attendant , even visitor . there be much movement in the room ; but it be all do quietly , effi - ciently , swiftly . one of the swifter move figure 142 143 109 continued | 142 cross toward the bed and when she come into focus lean over Joe we see possibly the world 's most beautiful nurse , miss Briggs . resume cu joe . because of the tube down he throat , he mouth be tape — tty eat stretch grotesquely . try to talk , he can ° ease two shot . joe and nurse brigg . gently , sweetly , she lean to he . nurse brigg . please do not try to talk . Joe close he eye , then open they . hallucinatory Joe appear . hallucinatort joe do you want to shoot it now ? Real Joe nod yes . clapper man ( with slate ) Hospital hallucination , take one . hospital hallucination set . audrey , michelle , katie , 143 joe real , joe hallucinatory , dancers , hospital crew , film crew . hallucinatory joe be you on you mark ?. roll. speed . flayback . audrey : apter you 've gone , and left I crying after you 've gone , there's no denying you'll feel blue , you'll feel sad katie & michelle - you'll miss the bestest pal you 've audrey bver have . there'll come a time now don't forget it there'll come a toe when you'll regret it 143 continued audeey scat sing 1210 i ee eee '' 143 audrey / michelie / fatie somb - day ~ when you grcy lonely audrey you heart will break lixe mine and you'll want ms only after you've gone audrey /{ichelle / zatie apter you've gone michelle / zatie apter you've gone left I crying no do ig you'll be ( repeat ) audrey / michelle / zatie after you've gone _ apter you've gone .... seceee away , eallucinatory joe cut. okay , print it . and , take two . playback . ( msic begin , he interrupt ) hold it . hold it . you be not on you mark . once more . playback . ( music intro begin ) katt be . you'd better change you way of livin " and if that ain't enough audrey , she 's right , Joe , you would better listen . katr you'd better crange ths way you strut you STUFF ' cause nobody want you when you 're old and gray you'd better change you way , today . katie / audrsy / michelle you'd better change you '' at . early can you hear I Joe ? [ I be talkin’ to you . audret you gotta lay off the booze , Joe . 143 continued 143 - katie X the enphetamine . micheliz , , | you gotta stop screwing around , daddy . katie / audrey / michelle '' you'd better stop — you'd better change — change you'd better stcp and change ycur way today I satd stop ~ change ~— stop . katie please . ten show girl with fan be in a line . audrey , Michelle and Katie sit on high ladder . show girl - who' sorry now katie tt burt , do not it ? " show girl weo' sorry now audrey I will bet you be sorry now , huh Joe ? show girl : _ '' ho' heart be aching michelle dust look at you , daddy . show girl - for breaxing each vow . audrey oh , all that break vow . show girl who' sad and blue xatie faying the price , be not you ? 143 continued 143 show girl weo' crying , too audrey deep inside you be cry , be not you , Joe ? show girl / audrey / michelle / zatis just like we cry over you fae enamitc katie and we cry a lot audrey oh , a lot . michelle I , too . geow girl boo bog : audrey / michelle / katte boo boo . _ W girl right to tae nerd audrey and it 's get close , Joe . show girl just lize a friend kati £ where be ya , Joe , where be ya ? . show girl we tried to warn you somehow michelle you do not listen , daddy , you do not listen . show girl / audrey / michelle / katie you have you wat now you must par audrey / michelle / zatis you have only get one heart , Joe , one heart . show girl / audrey / michelie / eatie we're glad that you're sorrt now . 143 continued 143 eallucinatory joe approach real joe in bed . seript girl be with hin . hallucinatory joe ( address Real Joe , a little angry , . tou forget you line . you be suppose to sayce farning '' to seript girl ) what 's the line ? m F script girl ( read from eript ) I do not want to die . I want to live . real joe grunt , point to he mouth , music . eallucinatory job ( a little peeve ) oh , well , if you can not say it , you can not say it . we will just have to cut it . let 's go to thw next set up . . michelle some of these dat you're gonna feel so lonely audret you'll miss her bugglig eatis you'll miss her kissing . michelle you will , miss I daddy michelle / audrey / zatie if you go away . michelle i'll feel so lonely michelle / audrey / eatie just for you only michelee for you know , daddy tou've have you way . audrey / katis a lot . and if you leave her tou enow you . enoy you 're gonna gonna goma gcnna gonna grisv ep 143 1434 1433 continbed 143 7 michellb / audrey / eatt you're gonna miss you sweet little lovin ' baby daughter michelle show girl / michelle / audrey / mideelle _ somb of these day , michelle . do not die , daddy , do not die please . all somb of these day Katie you can not leave this poor little kid without a father . | ste deed '' . all some of these day " audrey she need ya , Joe , she need ya . all some of . these -dat .....0. sseeee resume post -surgery intensive care room . joe and nurse 14348 brigg . night . nurse Briggs be still there . she lift a pad and pencil . '' eyo wal bess , saptne you want to tell I . fast write on this pad . , Joe take the pad and pencil and laboriously and slowly he 8s . abrupt CUT tos hallucinatory dressing room . job and angelique . wight . 1458 her hand be exactly as we have see it in the previous moment between they . job «eel0ok , I think we have be flirt with each other long enough ... angelique and you can only flirt so long , Joe , then you have to take the next step ... or atop . 1433 143¢ 144 tore mote continued 1433 joe well , I really do not want to go further . ( firmly ) . I think you should leave . she remove she hand . : . angelique be you sure ? joe yes , I be sure . please goe angelique ( offer no objection ) oee all right , Joe . resume post -surgery intensive care room . joe and nurse 143 '' brigg . night . _ — hg tne eae turse Briggs take the pad from Joe . nurse brigg ( read ) " be I alive ? " ( to Joe ) yes , you be alive . Joe close he eye . in_black we hear : dr . garry ( 7.0 . ) this be go to burt a little . fade up . int . intensive care room . joe , audrey , dr . garry , 244 other doctor . dar. a rer ) as the stitches be take from Joe 's chest . ' the e be remove from he throat . behind Dr. garry be a number of resident and / or intern watch the demonstration . andrey stand next to Dr. garry . from Joe , a sharp exclamation of pain . Dr. garry examine the scar proudly . ( continued ) rev : 12/15/78 12. 144 continued : 144 ( cont . or . garry ( pleased ) come out nice . audrey nod . 148 int . restaurant ( lincoln CENTER area ) . hecht , christopher and 145 sergeant . actress to enter . day . hecht , Christopher and director , Lucas sergeant , be finish lunch . a small pot of espresso be in front of each . Christopher devour @ very thick desert throughout . the scene and cruise the restaurant for celebrity . sergeant how soon do you think he will be able to work ? : hecht well , he 's out af intensive care and back in a private room . it 's just a matter of rest . the word be two month at the outside : " and you know jaey ... this morning be -~ say he could hardly wait ... sai he have a lot of new idea . ( with a smile ) not all sex stuff either . sergeant that 's terrific . you must feel very good about that , jonesy . hecht relieved . we be all relieved . ( to waiter ) check , please . sergeant ( take attache case from under table , qpene it ) listen ... I do some think about ++. you script , and I make a few note . ( hand hecht several ] page of obviously detailed note ) «- . use they , do not use they ... ~~ you know ... whatever you want . hecht ( glance through note ) Lucas , you put in a awful lot of work on this . . - rev:12/15/78 113. 145 continued 145 ( cont -_~ sergeant look , what be friend for ? we be all root for each other . I be just pleased Joe be well again . a aspire actress approach the table with menu and pen in hand . she address sergeant . actress ( apologetically ) I hate to bother you but be you ves Lucas sergeant ? ser ! ( smile ) yes. actress ( offer he menu ) would you mind ? sergeant - Net at all . ( sign menu ) actress . the next to Joe gideon you !re mynu.s favorite director . . sergeant give she a hasty glance and quickly finish autograph , underline it heavily . actress thank you so much . she leave . as she do , the waiter put the check on the table . as hecht start to reach for it , sergeant make a quick grab . . sergeant I will get it . - hecht ( reach to retrieve check ) no , Lucas this be on I . , sergeant 1 say 1 '1 ] get it !! glance at check , turn it over , begin to sign it ) oo ++. I be really pleased for you , jonesy . f146 rev : 12/15/78 113a . 146 '' 9 omit omit to 9a 1498 150 int . 2 nd hospital room . long shot . joe , audrey , nurse gibbon . night . 150 the room be in semi-darkness . nurse gibbon sit in the corner ; audrey sit close to the bed . Joe be . asleep . close shot joe . as Joe awaken , a he face be a look of total bewilderment . auorey ( 0.c. ) Joe , what 's the matter ? joe ( long moment ) t-ca not -believe - it ... wider shot to include joe and audrey . joe ( touch himself ) my chest ... my arm ... my tooth ... I be have a fuck heart attack ! 150 151 ravise 8/1/78 114 . continued 150 nurse gibbon 's ( move in ) that 's impossible , Mr. gideon . I just give you you medication . she have a cool , professional smile and be completely impervious to logic . joe audrey «how can it be ...? goddamn it , he know the tom < ( to nurse gibbon ) call somebody . hurry ! nurse gibbon he can not be in pain ... let I take he pulse . audrey - : goddamnit !... get somebody ! I . when nurse gibbon fails.to respond , audrey run out . nurse gibbon ( take pulse ) but you just have the medication , twenty minute ago ... you could not possibly be in pain ... it be just * twenty minute ago . int . corridor . nurse ' station . ' audrey and 151 nurse chang . : yas . with she back to audrey , nurse chang be talk on the telephone in a Oriental language . audrey «+ miss ? ( neo answer -- nurse continue conversation ) miss ! ( continued ) 115 . 151 continued 151 nurse chang ( after another few sentence , break into English ) eeejust a second , please . ( back to telephone conversation ) audrey Mr. gideon need help ... he 's aving a atta nurse chang casually complete conversation , hang up the phone , turn to audrey . nurse chang now , what be it you would like ? audrey I would like to kick you right in - you eggrolT ... ( grab nurse 's arm , intensely ) «esbut what I need be help for Mr , gideon who be have a heart attack . 152 resume hospital room . joe , emergency resident , 152 nurse gibbon . audrey watching . the resident be prapare a shot . Joe be very frighten . he tremble -~ sweat . joe Jesus , it 's get worse ... it 's get worse ... nurse gibbon dector , I give nim he medication ... impatiently , the resident hold up '' nia '' hand the stop she . he be caring and expert ; he give jd@ " the injection . emergency reside ! this should help , Mr. gideon . as Joe and audrey watch the needle go in . audrey ( to resident ) what 's that ? 152 153 154 155 116 . continued 152 emergency resident {to audrey ) «morphine . resume corridor . moving shot . 153 the emergency team be move Joe . a worried audrey accompany to the elevator . emergency resident feeling less pain ? Joe just shake he head in grow panic . down the corridor the @levator door be already open . the gurney be push onto the elevator . audrey be leave outside . before the door close , audrey give Joe a encourage wave . the elevator door close ; audrey be leave stand alone . her smile fade to deep concern . int . large room . postsurgery intensive care . 154 joe , emergency resident , icu team , nurse brigg . the resident be prepare another shot as the icu team , include nurse Briggs , hook Joe up to he various apparatus . emergency resident {effort to lighten the situation ) well , at least you 'ra get a lot of use out of the equipment , Mr. gideon . he inject Joe with more morphine . resume joe' room . audrey and nurse gibbon . : 185 audrey enter the room to get she coat . nurse gibbon be prepare to leave . on the way out , nurse gibbon hand audrey a piece of paper . audrey look at it . audrey eeewhat 's this ? . we 4 nurse gibbon my name and address ... you can send my check there . outrage , audrey lash out with she hand , give nurse gibbon a resounding slap . 156 resume post -surgery intensive care . emergency resident ( to Joe , meaning pain ) oe estill ?? Joe nod . as another shot be prepare . Joe close fade to black == fade up immediately to : the resident be still intensely concerned with Joe . emergency resident any pain now ? : joe ( quite drugge ) oeen0 .. epain ... go ... but something ...+ ( touch chest ) . «»- something break up in there ... abrupt CUT to : 157 hallucinatory dressing room . close up . angelique . night . angelique ( refer to make - up ) '' now , the F hike , wider shot , joe and angelique . Joe be in the middle of apply grotesque make < up . screen we hear laughter and applause . startle , he at she . joe what be you do here ? I tell you to leave . now , please ... " get out ! abrupt CUT to : 158 resume post -surgery intensive care . joe ( to emergency resident ) «se I can feel damage be do ... abrupt CUT to : : pe 117 . 156 he eye . 157 oft look 158 159 resume hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique , 159 angelique ( quietly ) no , Joe , I be stay . | 159 160 161 162 163 lls . continued 159 joe no ... laughter and applause out . abrupt CUT to : resume post -surgery intensive care . close shot . 160 joe' arm and hand . he remove the iv from he arm . joe ( 0.c. ) ( very drugge ) no ...go_ away ! ... go away ! another close angle . hand . his hand remove the tape and wire that connect he chest to the cardiac monitor . - joe ( 0.c. ) oe .it can not happen now ... int . hospital corridor . outside pcst -surgery 161 intensive care . night . in pajamas , Joe move slowly down the corridor . jce 0 eno eo eno ee 's noe ae resume post=surgery intensive care . nurse brigg 162 and aide . nurse Briggs be crossing the room , suddenly pause when she see Joe 's empty bed . turn to a male aide : nurse brigg where 's Mr. gideon ? int . hospital stairway . joe to appear . night . 163 over the empty stairway , we hear Joe 's voice . joe ( 0.c. ) «eehere he be lady and germ ... top in tap ... Joe appear around the corner of . the staircase . he have some difficulty in breathe and m ament and speak as loudly as the drug will allow . '' '' ~~ 163 164 ié4a 119 . continued 163 joe «e.tap dancer extraordinaire ... ( pause ) if I be God , and sometimes I think I be ... - ( hesitates , bang he head on wall several time ; he forehead bégin to bleed ) «»eit depend on how much morphine I 'va have ... ( move right to camera , arm out= - spread ) 's . I would spare this terrific tap dancer . resume post=surgery intensive care . close shot nurse 164 brigg , night . she 's on the phone obviously agitate . . nurse brigg I do not know ! l , .. we be busy with a emergency and the next time I notice , he be go , int , hospital basement corridor . long shot . to carry 164a joe . night . seemingly endless coridor connect at a central point . Joe approach from the distance along one of they . along the wall be stack of carton contain hospital supplies . Joe 's voice echoe as he jump from box to box sing he own orchestral accompaniment . joe bawa ... ( next box ) oo odume oe {next box ) 20 ow «eeboom !! fy sane netted he stop , spread he arm , look up . joe ( contd ) God !... do not take I out now ! he jump two or three more box , still sing hia ba-rum - boom accompaniment , stop once more , look up plaintively . 164a 165 166 166a 166b 120 .. continued 164a soe ( contd ) what 's the matter ? do not you like musical comedy ? he continue jump from kex to box sing . int . another hospital corridor . close shot on door 165 marked '' no admittance , '' Joe read sign . then , without hesitation , he open the deor and enter , int . dissection room . joe and two technician , night , 166 Joe enter a room where body be dissect to save usable organ . two man be dissect a body on a gleam steel table . they barely netice he presence . he cross to a shelf where we see organ which be be preserve in formaldehyde : eye , kidney , etc . joe ( address entire 's kelf ) listen ... I tell you guy you should take better care of your= selve . too much booze ... too much smoking ... too much screwing around ... it will get ya every time . the two man turn in surprise , look at Joe . joe ( as he exit ) I will be back . int . another hospital corridor . close shot lega reflection of joe . night . the reflection be in a shiny piece of hospital equipment curving so the reflection look distort . he look terrible . joe what be I worried about ? I will fix it out of town , int . hospital office , tight shot . ballinger . night . 166b . moe he be . outrage . foe seat dr . ballinger ( into phone ) goddamn it , find he ! I want that man back in icu . right now ! 121 . 167 another hospital corridor 167 as Joe slowly make he way down the hall , he pause when he hear a woman moani loudly . the moan come from a room directly across ths halfway . curious , puzzle , he cross to the open door and look in . 168 what he sees : 168 a very old woman , practically skeletal and near death , lie helplessly on a bed . her moan continue . int . old woman' room , joe and old woman . night . he cross to the bed , look at she tenderly for a moment . carefully he climb onto the bed , raise the sheet to get next to she and then enfold she in he arm . he rock she gently . joe I think ... you be ... the most beautiful woman I have ever see - «eeand I love you . - the moan subside , and she look at he as though he have evoke a memory from the past , he kiss she < -- as a lover . the old woman close she eye and seem lose . ently , he break the embrace . she open she eye as he rise from the bed . he lean over she , hold she hand , caress she cheek . she close she eye slowly . 168a int . nurse ' station , two hispanic attendant . night . 168a one attendant be on the phone respond to order , attendant ( thick accent ) yes sir , yes sir , yes sir ... we do the best we can , sir . ( hang up phone , to other attendant in Spanish ) I be pay to give enema not to | chase lunatic patient . second attendant ( in Spanish ) Jesus Christ ! both run off . 1688 int . another hospital corri : night . ( note : throughout all the hospit ' s@quence we ‘have hear the familiar paging voice for varidiis 's doctor , etc . ) ' , '' moving witr '' joe . 168b 7 122. 1683 continued ~ 168b 169 tgves down the\corridor , the’ voice over the PA be now the same as that of the projectionist we hear in '' '' ectionist's voice or do you want you finishe : bun it again ? joe yes , ag I want to again ! int . hospital cafeteria . joe , customer , personnel . 169 night . the room be quite empty . at one table sit a Middle age couple . a attendant be mop up . there be only one woman attendant at both the food counter and the cash register . Joe enter , without hesitation walk to the food counter , stop at the dessert display , ' there be single portion of pie , whole pie as well . pick up a piece of lemon meringue pie , he pass the cash register , woman attendant that will be forty cent . ( when Joe simply walk away ) Sir !... forty cent ... she look bewilder as Joe cross to a table right next to the couple . he become increasingly fascinate in they tetally mundane conversation . middle aged woman the lowest estimate be eight hundred and sixty dollar , middle aged man for _a_ sprinkler system ?! middle aged woman when we buy the house we both agree we want a nice lawn . middle aged man «ee would like a nice lawn ... angle on woman attendant . she 's on the phone . 123 . 169 continued 169 woman attendant he 's in pajamas , and he 's act like a junkie . ( pause ) yeah ... that 's he . resume joe and couple . middle aged man «eecan we afford that ? middle aged woman if we do not get the new car this year , we ... joe ( interrupt ) get it . they look at he with surprise . - middle aged man get what ? carry he yet untouched pie , he cross to they and sit down between they , joe get both . get the automobile «e.get the sprinkler . do not sostpone anv==th laboriously , he pull himself up on the table top . on all four he begin to sing and play spoon on the table as if they be tap . joe pack up you troubles in you old kit bag and smile smile smile what' the use of worry it never be worthwhile his hand hit the pie , he lick he finger , joe «eethis pie be stale ! move down off the table , carry the plate of pie , he cross to the woman attendant , 169 169a 169b 124 , continued 169 joe this pie be stale ! woman mister , I want you to stay right there , joe I be tell you ... this pie be stale ! nervously , she look toward the door . woman ( stalling ) and you still owe I forty cent . joe this pie be stale ! - woman - man , I could not care less . joe do not anybody care about anything ? Joe pick up 2 a whole lemon meringue pie . plop ! he shove the pie flat into she face , ' the final showbiz insult . abrupt CUT to : triple head steenbeck 169a we see the same action ( Joe throw pie ) repeat in three different angle . plop . plop . plop , abrupt CUT to : hospital cafeteria 1693 the woman attendant watch in shocked silence as Joe turn and walk away , before he reach the door , the two Hispanic male attendant enter . swiftly , they move to he side , talk seothingly to he as they subdue he . two attendant mister , you come with we ... Nice and quiet , please ... do not cause no trouble ... everything will be fine ... all right ? . joe ( soul of reagon ) all right . . 125 . 1698 continued : 1698 he take they arm and lead they off sing . joe what' the use of worry it never be worthwhile ... ( speak , to attendant ) this be only a rough cut , ya know . I do not have the title yet ... and all of the underscore be not in ... it 's really not finish yet ... I need more time ... montage of cut between post -surgery intensive care with joe and hallucinatory dressing room . joe and angelique . 170 # 1 . 170a 2. 1708 3 . 170c 4 , 170d 5 . l70e 6. 170f 7. 170g 8. Joe be strapped to the bed . 170 we see angelique apply finish touch to 170a he grotesque make -up . iv be be replace . 1708 angelique work on Joe 's mouth . he smile . 170 '' heart monitor retape to he chest . 170d tight shot , angelique . 170e angelique smile , obvicusly pleased with she make - up job . repeat angle of open shot of the film , l70f a shot of morphine . ' emergency resident ( v.0 . ) rrepeat open dialogue ) feeling any pain now ? joe ( v.0 . ) ( quite drugge ) ae enoene ecu joe' face in intensive care . 1706 his eye close as the morphine hit . his eye open again , 126 . 170h joe' Pov . the cardiac monitoring machine . 1708 show the line reflect he heart action . slowly we dissolve as the cardiac machine become a television screen . 171 on the screen we see : 171 full shot . o'conner flood . in the familiar set about to make yet another intro - duction . he hold a hand mixe and work in front of a curtain . o'conner flood folk , what can I tell you about my next guest ? . {he shake he head in wonder ) this cat ... allow himself to be adore but not love . strictly a pro since age thirteen , start in sleazy Chicago dive and bur-lee= - cue ... this cat rise to become a lead director - choreographer on the great White Way and in flick . 172 we jump to : 172 int . television studio . matching shot with above . we be now " live " with o'conner flood as he continue . o'conner flood but success in showbiz be match by failure in the personal relation= - ship bag ... , _ ( look thoughtful ) and from all this experience he come to believe that he whole scene -= - work , showbiz , personal life , even himself . , . all that jazz eeewa bullshit , the cat swing between heavy ego and very heavy self doubt .. he have become numero Uno gameplayer -- like to where he do not know ... ( do amo and Andy ) «e. wheah de game end a ' de reality begin . more ) 127 . 172 continued 172 o'conner flood ( contd ) ( out of amo and Andy , fake great sadness ) like to he the only reality ... be death , man . ( pause ) let I lay on you ... a so=so entertainer ... not much of a humanitarian ... and he be never nobody 's friend ... in he final appearance on the great stage of 1t@ ... mist oa gideon . 173 o'conner clear and exit , later , possibly , to appear 173 and participate in the succeed number . the curtain part to reveal a stage . Center stage be a hospital bed . stand close by be a backup rock Group , two backup vocalist and two backup dancer , all be dress in contempora : flash . surround the stage on three side be rise tisacher , completely fill . same of the audience , specifically , identify later , be character we have see in this film . the entire scene be at the moment completely motionless and silent . upstage there be a scrim on which various lighting effect and image can and will be project , very slowly the come : move in until the hospital bed fill the shot . unseen until now , coe rise from under a sheet into a sit position . he be in ' complete make - up and flash costume , Sat joe ( v.0 . ) ( amplify , reverberate ) e+ethis have gotta be the best one yotese beavy music intro . he swing from the hed , wide angle . the full scene . the entire scene burst into life . the rock Group play , the dancer dance as the entire audience burst into wildly enthusiastic applause . Joe move to front the Group . the concert have begun . the entire effect be a bizarre , 173 continued =e 128 . 173 wild rock concert with photography to match : zoom , strange angle , flare , etc . note : the following number , " bye bye love , " be written by felice and boudleaux bryant , recorded by stmor nd garfunkel on the album " bridge over troubled water . '' we hope that a new song can and will be written that will F not ST ett sti there and aee . : onsider L ya DI ° musical number : rarkrerererrrrererrerererurrerrrerrrrereererreererarerreerare job and group ( sing ) bye bye life bye bye happiness hello loneliness I think I be gonna die bye bye love bye bye sweet caress hello emptiness I feel like I could die bye bye my life , goodbye there go my baby with someone new she sure look happy I sure be blue she be my baby till he step in Goodbye to romance that might have be bye bye life bye bye happiness hello loneliness I think I be gonna die bye bye love bye bye sweet caress hello emptiness I feel like I could die various angle joe , group , audience . General applause have end . audience start rhythmic applause on the beat . a smile Katie , hold hand with she new lover . resume angle on joe . slowly , a macabre , bosche~like figure of death resembling angelique bleed through the scrim . angle oftstage . we see angelique , thoroughly enjoy the show . another angle . joe and group . death image exclude . series of short close ups : Victoria , stacy , other pretty woman . they be clap rhythmically and enthusias - tically ... all with big smile . 173 continued 129 . 173 joe and group ( contd ) . tae bye bye my love , goodbye I be through with romance I be through with love I be through with count the star above and here 's the reason that I be so free my loving baby be through with I . ( before chorus ) se seema tena another angle , joe and group , mere short cut of more prominent character all clap in time . wide shot of audience . rising enthusiasm , some stand and squealing in ecstasy . bye bye life resume joe and group . bye bye - happiness - hello loneliness I think I be gonna die bye bve life another series of cut of the audience . bye bye sweet caress hello emptiness I feel like I could die bye bve my life , goodbye bye bye my life , goodbye bye bye my life , goodbye bye bye my life , goodbye resume joe and . group audience in background . the group begin a second instrumental chorus . the dance continue on stage as Joe , carry a hand mike , move into the audience shaking hand , kissing people . other people be reach out desperately to touch he . the follow will be intercut with the action on the stage . isolate joe and stacy . stacy be completely ecstatic , stacy ( hugging he ) joa , that be the best ! joe ( whisper in she ear ) _ no , stacy , not the best . but it be the best I could do . 130 . 173 continued 173 he move to : isolate joe , katie and boyfriend . m F embrace both of they , Joe pull '' then together . joe be good.to each other . Katie be obviously relieved at he acceptance . responding the Joe 's terrific generosity , the audience burst into even wilder applause , he respond with a smile and outstretch arm as if to say " yes , I really ama swell felio : . " he move to : isolate joe and victoria . victoria ( weep copiously ) joey , I do not know what I will do without you . joe ( gently chide , in she ear ) you be over - act , Victoria . he move on to : isolate joe , paul dann , luca sergeant . dann , sit next to sergeant , drop he head in embarrass - ment as Joe approach . Joe place he hand under dann 's chin , lift he head . joe {to dann ) what be you worried about , Paul ? ( indicate sergeant ) you have get a great director there . he embrace dann , shake hand with sergeant . 30b ( to sergeant ) : give he a hit ... give he a hit . he move on to : isolate joe , michelle and audrey . Joe embrace Michelle . she cling to he . he reach cut and touch audrey 's cheek . - 131. 173 continued 173 174 joe ( half - laugh ) : at least I will not be able to lie to you again . as he start back to the stage , he shake hand and embrace other among they hecht , Penn , etc. and have brief exchange with they whether we hear they or not . for instance , Penn : " what a.finish , Joe , what a finish . '' . Joe , now back on stage with group and dancer , finish .. number . there be riotous applause . as he leave the arena the audience stand continue the ovation throughout the follow . angle off stage . joe and angelique . she , too , be applaud . he walk to she ; she oven she arm . he hesitates momentarily , then walk toward she . she embrace he tightly . he return the embrace . they kiss . it last for a long moment , then slowly out of the kiss into a even deeper embrace . they cheek press together , angelique if you want tc be with I , Joe , you know you can never be with anyone else . reverse angle . close up joe . as though in ecstasy , he eye close . we hold for a moment . joe I accept . abrupt CUT to : int . intensive care roch . close shot . joe' face . 174 profile . continued applause and cheering through : motionless , eye close ... he 's dead . hand lift the body bag to cover he face . quick cut to black credit roll the cheering and applause segue into the ethel merman recording of " there's no business like showbusiness . " merman' belting , ebullient rendition of the song continue until the credit finish . pade out to :