all be lost by j.c . chandor 2-28-11 the screen be black . we hear the sound of gentle wave . our man 13th of July , 4:50 pm . I be sorry ... I know that mean little at this point , but I be . I try , I think you would all agree that I try . to be true , to be strong , to be kind , to love , to be right . but I be not . and I know you know this . in each of you way . and I be sorry . all be lose here ... except for soul and body ... that be , what 's leave of they ... and a half - day 's ration . it 's inexcusable really , I know that now . how it could have take this long to admit that I be not sure ... but it do . I fight ' till the end , I be not sure what that be worth , but know that I do . I have always hope for more for you all ... I will miss you . I be sorry . over black . the sound of water peacefully run against the bow ( front ) of a boat . title card # 1 ( over black ) : all be lost title card # 2 ( over black ) : EIGHT day earlier title card # 3 ( over black ) : act one ( man vs. man ) fade in : int . bow sleeping berth of a 39 ft sailboat - dawn our man be sound asleep as the boat move up and down through the small wave that we can hear through the hull of the boat . a terrible crunching and rip noise echoe through the small space . our man immediately open he eye to the sound of rush water . our man jump out of the berth and as he foot hit the ground they land in several inch of water inside the cabin of the boat . he jump up . as he look down several small white knock - off ked kid sneaker be float in the water . our man rush towards the back of the boat , as he enter the main cabin he see a four foot long gash in the side of the boat . there be water pour into the cabin from the bottom of the gash . the gash be locate right at the navigation table of the boat where all the electronics be locate . the water be pour in around and through the electronics include the gps , radar , radio , and satellite phone . our man jump through the rush water and climb up the step to the cockpit of the boat . ext . cockpit of the boat - morning through the early morning light he now see what have happen . a massive shipping container that have fall off a cargo ship be almost completely submerge in the water and be now stick to the boat through the gash in the side of the boat . thousands of the white shoe be float in the water and empty from a hole in the container . our man jump into action . the boat be heeling ( be push at a angle due to the pressure on the sail ) towards the side of the boat that the gash be on allow the water to flow into the boat . but first he must get the container unhook from the gash as it will sink the boat very soon unless he intervene . he push against it with he foot , kick . nothing . get out a boat hook and try to use that as a lever . nothing . tries kick and push again . nothing . the water continue to pour into the boat . so he turn and open a storage locker under the cockpit seat and pull out a long line ( rope ) . he jump down onto the half sink container , lash a line around one end . slip several time almost fall into the water . he can now really see that the container be totally lodge in place . he jump back onto the boat and head down the stair into the cabin that be now fill with several foot of water . the white kid shoe be everywhere . he wade through the water to a front storage locker . he open it and pull out a large case that have liferaft write in red letter on it . but instead of take the case upstairs he open the case and lift the raft up and grab a yellow look sack that be store behind the raft . he head back up onto the deck . he jump back down onto the container and take a metal loop that be stick out of the yellow sack and tie the long rope to it . he now stop and look around and try to calmly analyze the situation before he take another move . he look up at the sail and the wind direction indicator at the top of the mast . he scan the horizon . finally he shake the content out of the yellow bag , it fill with air . it be a small parachute of some kind . ( it be a sea anchor , a device that be use in extreme weather , to help stabilize a boat by drag it under the water . the parachute hold the boat back as huge wave thrash it ) he shake out the sea anchor and hold it over the edge of storage container into the water . the water catch in the chute and start pull the rope that be spool on the deck . the rope unspool , as he jump back onto the boat and get behind the steering wheel wait for the rope to run out . the coil of rope get short and short and finally it be all go . in one extremely loud and jarring move the container rip out of the hull of the boat as our man turn the wheel of the boat away from the container . he be free . he immediately turn the boat onto the other tack ( the opposite point of sail ) so that the boat be now lean the other direction so that the gash be up in the air slightly so that water be no longer come in through the hole . he immediately look back at the container that he be leave in the distance and seem to be make a decision . he turn around , scan the horizon . look down into the cabin that be fill with water , then reach out to the line control the sail and begin to turn the boat around back towards the container ... what be he do ? he sail the boat back towards the container but at this point of sail he be not always able to heel the boat enough to keep the water from come in , so the water continue to pour in every so often . he finally approach the shipping container again . it sit in the water look like every inch the destructive force that it have be . he look back up at the wind indicator again try to gauge a approach strategy . he turn the boat abruptly into the wind and come up next to the side of the submerge container . he stall out he boat , the water start come into the boat again as the boat level , he jump back onto the container . ext . boat - submerge container he pull out a knife from the holster on he belt loop and cut the rope that attach the sea anchor to the container . as he be reach out for the rope he drop he knife and it roll off of the container into the ocean . our man recover and take the rope and jump back on he boat just as it begin to drift away . ext . cockpit of the boat he now begin to pull the sea anchor back towards he . it be a struggle . as he be pull , he keep look behind he down into the cabin at the water that be come in through the gash . but he must get the sea anchor back on board . he pull and pull and finally the large orange parachute appear from below the surface like some sort of fish net . he struggle to empty the water from it and get it into the cockpit . the second it be completely back on board he jump up and turn the wheel and get the boat under way again back on the point of sail that raise the gash above the waterline . as he sail away he turn around and take one last look at the container . the camera pull back to reveal the side of the boat that be rip open by the collision . CUT to : int . cabin of boat navigation table area the rack of high tech equipment be drip with water and totally dead . our man pick up the radio receiver and turn the switch , nothing . a plastic bag of corn flake cereal float by he . he look over at the food cabinet that be partially under water . but the open gash in the hull that be next to the equipment show the ocean fly by and he decide that be clearly the first priority . ext . deck of boat above gash our man lean over the side of the boat and look at the rip fiberglass hull more closely . it look terrible . CUT to : int . cabin our man be rip apart a teak bench with a hammer . he try to cut the piece of wood into long strip . he dig around in a bin that be just above the water level . he pull out three can of fiber glass raw material . ext . deck near gash - hanging over edge we see we man mix up the fiberglass and hang over the side of the boat and attach the strip of wood to the boat then start fiberglassing over the strip . it be perilous work as he be hang over the edge of the boat as it sail along . int . cabin he do some of the same work from inside the cabin . he be start to make some progress . there be now seven inch of new makeshift hull that be drying . ext . cockpit of the boat our man start in on a build in hand pump that will pump the water from the cabin . he have shove a long mop handle into the pump for better leverage . he check the compass . we see several shot of he pumping and fiberglassing . ext . bow of boat - sunset night be fall . our man eat a can of soup while sit and stare out at the ocean . ext . cockpit of the boat - night our man try to sleep as the water in the cabin sloshes around . fade to black . ext . boat - ( day 2 ) a full day of : pump . fiberglass . eat . pump . fiberglass . eat . pump . fiberglass ... he almost fall over the edge . eat . night fall : our man sit and stare out at the endless ocean . he lay down and fall asleep . fade to black . int . boat - morning our man stand in front of the gash . the repair be complete . although it look like hell , it be watertight . he be pleased . he look down at he foot and the floor of the cabin can now be see as the water be go . the wooden decking be start to warp up but there be no stand water . his eye drift over to the navigation and electronics table . ext . boat - deck —- bright morning there be no wind , the ocean be flat . our man take down the sail and the boat come to a stop . as it do the repair gash dip below the waterline and he look on to see if it will hold water . it do . CUT to : our man have laid out and secure down all of the chart , map , navigation book , and be bring up piece of electronics one by one to dry in the glaring midday sun . he zeroe in on the radio . he start to take it apart . the salt have begin to corrode the inner part of the radio . we man look around . he grab a container of fresh water and pour it over the radio part . he put it down to dry in the sun . he go over and start to collect the map . he sit down with the pile and search through to find one that correspond with he last coordinate . the two electronic gps system sit in a pile on the deck useless . by the look on our man be face he have be rely on the gps too closely in life . he be lose . int . boat - cabin he go over to a shelf fill with wet book . he scan and take out a book title a introduction to celestial navigation . he sit and begin look at it . radio voice ( static noise ... crackle ) ( foreign language ) when be you go to get here ? our man immediately look up like he have hear a ghost . radio voice ( cont ’d ) ( foreign language ) that 's right . our man drop everything and scramble up the stair and just stare at the radio wait to see if it come to life again . the light blink . radio voice ( cont ’d ) ( static ... static ) our man pick up the mic and press the button . our man this be the Virginia Jean , be you there over ? nothing . our man ( cont 'd ) this be the Virginia Jean with a s.0.s. call over ? nothing . our man ( cont 'd ) this be the Virginia Jean with a s.0.s. call over ? nothing ... the powerlight go off on the radio ... it 's dead . our man hear something , he look around , the wind be start to pick up and ripple the still water . he try to bounce back from the near miss on the radio . he go and collect all the loose component from the deck and get the boat ready to sail again . the sail be up and he have get thing go again . spirit be up . as dusk begin to fall our man look out across the ocean and there be a dark cloud on the far distant horizon . he look down at the disabled weather radio . he have no idea if it 's a small rain shower or something far worse . insert title card : act ii ( man vs. nature ) int . boat - cabin - evening our man be down below prepare dinner when the rain start hit the deck above he head . it start softly then build to a downpour . he stick he head out of the doorway to look at the horizon , there be no wind building , he be relieved . he cook some bean on the stove . he pour himself a scotch . settles in to read the introduction to celestial navigation as the rain fall . the boat be once again watertight and he quickly fall asleep . fade to black . int . boat - front V berth - morning our man be asleep . the bright sun come into the cabin and he slowly wake . he look around realize that be he first really good night of sleep in some time . int . boat - galley ( kitchen ) - morning our man have get the gas stove work again and be make himself a cup of coffee . ext . boat - cockpit - morning our man be enjoy he coffee look out across the water . he zeroe in on a small patch of wind that be dance across the surface . it be beautiful but somehow ominous . int . boat - engine compartment our man be on he hand and knee struggle to get behind the swamp engine to a massive bank of large capacity battery . they be corrode and waterlogged . he struggle to bring one out and up onto the deck . ext . boat - deck / cockpit as he come back up from below carry the battery he look across to the horizon and notice terrible look storm cloud in the extreme distance . his face register severe concern . the thunderhead reach mile into the sky . 10 . our man look around at the boat to see what to do next . he be still hold the large battery . he look down at it in he hand . he hurl it over the edge and head back down below . int . / ext . STORM preparation as our man go through this preparation he begin to sing to himself . the song start out too low to hear , but then grow . load up potable water from the sink tank into large portable water carrier . change the sail to smaller storm sail . look out at the horizon as the front come closer . down below stow all loose object away . check the chart / map to try to place himself . go into the bathroom and shave . check the fiberglass over the repair spot . check the placement of the life raft and repack the sea anchor next to it . back up top look out at the storm . the wave be start to pick up . our man stop , look around at he little boat , check to see what else need to be do . he go over and check the auto steering device one more time . the cloud be now block out the sun and it feel as though night be fall . int . boat - dark & stormy he be back below prepping he foul weather gear . as he stand look at the jacket the boat get throw abruptly in one direction and our man fall / get toss over into the navigation table . the chart come down on top of he . he sit on the ground as the boat begin to get rock far more violently . he can only laugh to himself as he know thing be about to get a whole lot worse . 11 . ( during a storm like this it cannot be underplay how loud , intense , varied , and downright frightening the sound of the storm hit a small boat be . from the wave hit the hull , to the wind in the sail and rigging , to the general pressure put on every element of the ship it be difficult to explain . the sound design during this sequence will be of the utmost importance and will play relentlessly through the storm sequence . ) our man stand up and the boat really start rock . he struggle to put on the foul weather gear . when he be fully dress he look up through the shut doorway out into the deck . it look and sound pretty nasty . he open the door and the fury of the storm come into full effect . he struggle up the stair and out into the cockpit . wave be start to build from twelve to fifteen foot and the wind be gust at thirty knot . the boat appear to be handle the storm well so far but our man look up at the sail and clearly he have too much sail up . he be go to have to change the sail in this condition . before he do that though he go back to the auto pilot and check the compass to make sure he be keep course at 60 degree North . int . boat - dark & stormy then down he go to the cabin to get the new storm sail . as he enter the cabin the sound totally change but be almost more frightening as the stress the boat be under be amplify by the hull . the cabin be now really thrashing back and forth . he struggle to the front of the boat and pull out a small sail bag . '' STORM jib '' be print on the sail bag . he then go into another closet and get out a storm harness with a large clip on it . he put the harness on and head back out onto the deck . each time he walk back and forth through the cabin the pattern of the movement of the boat change . there be no steady flow to how the boat be handle the storm at this point . he steady himself one last time before go back out into the storm . 12 . ext . boat - dark & stormy the weather be get worse by the minute . he look through the rain and spray up to the mast . the boat be almost lay on its side . he clip the harness clip onto the rail and head forward to change the sail . ( change sail in this type of condition yet alone at night be a extremely hazardous undertake . the boat be thrashing back and forth due to the wave and the wind be crush the sail that he be try to take down . ) our man struggle to take the head sail down and get it into the boat . then he move back to the main sail . this be a great challenge . wave be now regularly come right across the deck of the boat and risk wash he overboard . with each new wave the situation seem to worsen . he get the main sail down and just as he be fold it to bring it down below a massive wave come across the deck and sweep our man over the edge of the boat and into the water . int . ocean the camera be now under the water with our man . a portion of the massive main sail in also under the water with he . it be strangely quiet . then we see our man 's face and see that he be conscious but panic to get back on board . the storm harness be save he life but be also risk to drow he . the boat be drag he along in the water and he can not seem to get back aboard . he gasp up for air as the surface come close for a moment and then he be back down below and risk drown . finally he start to pull himself back towards the boat use the leash from the harness and when he can grab the sail that be now almost completely in the water . he pull himself back up onto the deck but must finish the original task . he fold the sail into the cabin , struggle terribly , then finally be able to install the small storm sail . 13 . ext . boat deck as he turn to head back into the cabin he look for a moment out to sea into the darkness and see the wave have grow to at least twenty - five foot high . int . boat - cabin - night our man come down the stair into the cabin and slam shut the hatch . the sound go from total chaos to control chaos . he pull off he soak foul weather gear and fall to the floor exhaust . suddenly he jump up and throw up a good gallon of sea water into the sink . he fall back down to the floor and pass out . the storm rage on as he slide from side to side across the floor as the boat careen down the face of the wave , one after the next . fade to black . int . boat - cabin our man be rudely awoken by the boat feel like it be fall off a cliff , then landing at the base of a wave with a horrifying crash . he get throw across the floor of the cabin and then get send in the other direction . he 's up now . our man realize this situation be not improve . he get up and get out the sea anchor from the storage bin again . he check through its component then prepare to head back out into the storm . int . boat - boat roll - dawn ( day 5 ) just as he be about to open up the hatch again he get throw off the step as the boat start to go down the face of another massive wave . although this time , thing seem different ... very different . everything go almost eerily silent as the boat seem to float in the air . then it skip , then again , then total mayhem as the boat be roll over . the porthole window turn blue with water , so do the skylight window . our man be hurl to the ceiling of the cabin as it temporarily become the floor . then the horrible sound of rip fiberglass . 14 . the boat continue its roll and the floor become the floor again as our man get throw around like a rag doll . the boat somewhat stabilize and before it head down the next wave our man go to the skylight porthole to look up and see through the early morning light to see what the hell just happen . he rush over to a side window and see a few of the stay ( cable that hold up the mast ) have rip from the deck and be whipping around . here come another massive wave . he brace himself . it 's not as big but the boat be hurtle down the face and sound as though it may start come apart . our man must get out and install the sea anchor . he forgo put on any foul weather gear and go over to the step . ext . boat - cockpit - Pov of damaged deck - dawn as he come up the step and into the cockpit the light of the new day let he see the size and ferocity of the wave for the first time . the rain and wind have somewhat die down but the wave be beyond belief . try not to lock up completely from fear our man make he way to the back of the cockpit , attaches the clip of the sea anchor to the back of the boat and then , just as he let the cloth parachute go into the water , a massive wave build behind the boat . a second smaller cross wave come and push the boat sideways and it begin a death-roll . ext . boat - cockpit / ocean the cockpit area be now underwater and our man be do all he can to stay attach to the boat . he do not attach the storm harness this time so he be free float into the ocean . the boat do a massive full flip under the water and then a noise like nothing else we have hear up to this point . it 's snap metal combine with the deep thunder of a fifty foot wave crash around he . 15 . the boat start in on a second flip and miraculously he be scoop back up into the cockpit by total luck as the boat rights itself in the trough of the wave . our man look around and can not believe that he be back on the boat . he immediately grab the clip of he storm harness and clip it to the boat . then he look around . the mast of the boat be snap like a toothpick . he look behind he and see the remain of the mast sink . he look at the contact point where the mast be connect to the deck of the boat and see that at each point a hole in the deck have be rip open . then he look down at the connection point and see that the sea anchor be still connect and appear to now be work . with each oncoming wave the boat be now hold back by the anchor and it do not speed down the face of the wave . int . boat our man come down the step of the cabin and close the hatch behind he . Sea water be now drip and at time pour in through the hole rip in the hull and deck of the boat . our man look around the cabin and start to prepare for the possibility that he may have to abandon ship . his movement around the cabin be make very difficult by each new wave throw the boat about . after collect a few thing another massive wave come and the sea anchor seem to snap , because the boat be suddenly jolted forward . this cause our man to be throw across the cabin and against the wall in the front V sleep berth from the open shot . he be knock unconscious and blood start flow from he head . fade to black . 16 . int . boat - cabin our man come to and he be lay in a significant pool of blood . he be up on the raise bunk but every so often a splash of water be hear . his eye open and he now see that the boat be officially sink . he get up , but he be pretty mess up so he be not in the hurry he should be in . there be a gash on he forehead . the water be now a solid four foot deep in the cabin . he wade through the main cabin and the storm seem to be calming down some , the boat be not quite fly around like it be and the noise have laid off some . our man methodically go to the food closet and grab what he can . Water be now just pour in through a enlarge gash on the side of the deck . he go over and pull out the large liferaft case from the closet and pull it through the water and try with all the effort he can muster to get it up onto the deck . ext . boat — deck / ocean our man struggle to get the liferaft over towards the edge of the cockpit . he take a large security clip and attaches the liferaft to the boat . he then hurl it over the edge into the water . the second it hit the water the raft explode open and fill with air exactly as it be design to do . the wave and wind have definitely lessen in intensity but be still make this transfer from the boat to the raft a extremely dangerous maneuver . our man take one last look around at he sink ship . he take the sea anchor clip from the hook on the back of the boat and clip it to the liferaft . 17 . he look out into the ocean and do he best to time he leap with the oncoming wave and finally dive into the open of the raft . int . liferaft he let out a good 25 yard of line and look out from the relative safety of the liferaft back towards he boat . he be about to disconnect the rope that connect he to the boat but he look around the raft at the few item he be able to bring with he in the rush . it be not much . he look out again at the boat and it be riding very low in the water but do not seem to be sink . as he turn around and lay down to think about what to do next he close he eye and fall asleep . fade out . fade in : ext . boat - liferaft - morning our man wake up and the raft be very calm . the storm have pass and the wave have almost completely settle . it be quiet . he suddenly realize he never unhook himself from the boat . he turn and look out through the entrance flap and he boat be still float ... barely . the water have come almost up to the deck . he 's not quite sure how it be still stay above the surface . he look around the raft and decide he need to get back into the boat as he may be here for awhile . he begin pull in the rope that be still connect he to the boat . the raft bump up against the side of the boat and as he look into the cabin he see that the water be almost all the way up to the ceiling of the cabin . ext . boat - cockpit he climb into the submerge cockpit and make he way down into the cabin . 18 . int . boat - cabin there be just about a foot of air at the top of the cabin as the water have take over everything else . our man start go around the boat and collect thing that could be useful . each time he go for a new item he have to dive down below the water and search for it . remain can and package food . a extra water jug . chart . the introduction to celestial navigation book . a sextant . a expandable boat hook . a small portable gas camp stove . clothes . a first - aid kit . as he load the first aid kit into the bag he remember the nasty gash on he forehead . he reach up and touch it , there be still a large gash open , and wince . he think about it for a second and with the risk for infection about as high as it could possibly be he decide to take some action . he get the kit and wade back through the boat towards the bathroom . he open the door and look into the mirror . he see the extent of the gash . he take out a bottle of hydrogen peroxide and pour it into the cut . it bubbles . the water be up to he shoulder . he then be about to apply a butterfly bandage to the wound , but as he be do so the boat make a severe groan and lurch as if it be about to go under . he look around . the boat groan again then settles . our man finish put the bandage on he head and then hurry through the water to get the hell out of the boat . 19 . he grab the bag with all the stuff he have collect . take one last look around and head up and off the boat . one last look around . ext . boat - liferaft our man settles into the tiny raft and look back at the boat . it still refuse to go down . finally , what sound like a very large balloon pop . the boat begin to roll over and then turn to go under . our man reach out and unclip the raft from the boat . the boat finally go under . ext . view of the liferaft a extreme pull back wide shot of the tiny liferaft totally alone in the middle of the impossibly vast ocean . act III ( man vs. self ) int . ocean ( this will be the first of a series of more abstract shot place throughout the final act . ) the camera be in the water look back up at the liferaft towards the surface . the shot will move in to a close up of the bottom of the raft . there be a small amount of alga start to grow on the bottom of the raft . as the camera get very close on the alga out of the corner of the frame come a tiny small fish , no larger than a minnow , that swim up to the alga and start to eat it . int . liferaft ( a few specifics about the liferaft . it be a octagon . the base , or floor be fill with air but be quite flexible . as the day go on it will become more so as it start to deflate . there be a tent over the whole thing that protect from the extreme sun during the day and the cold and wind at night . this tent be hold up by inflate support . ) our man be sit in the liferaft look around at the clutter . what to do ? 20 . he sift through the bag and take out the chart , the sextant , and the book about celestial navigation . now he have some time , and he finally better figure out where the hell in the world he be . eat can bean . drink a small amount of water from the jug . reading the book and try to take a few rudimentary reading with the sextant . the sun be set . our man look out the doorway of the liferaft at the horizon . fade to black . int . liferaft our man wake up and he face be displease . he look and feel around and he see that there be a couple of inch of water in the raft at the low point , which be of course where he body be . we begin to realize life in this raft be go to be pretty miserable . reading the book some more . look at he watch . it 's almost noon . do a read with the sextant use the sun at exactly noon . he write down the number then check in the book and do some fairly simple calculation . he get excited as it seem like he may be finally for the first time in he life be figure this out . he scramble through the mess in one of the bag and take out a stack of chart . he rifle through they and pull out one . he check the compass point , then get out a pen and make a mark . this be where he be . the camera pull back from that mark and get wider till we see that he be literally in the middle of the indian Ocean . our man zeroe in on several line that be around he on the chart , mark for shipping lane , and he try to figure out what direction he be travel in with he compass . he look around , back at the chart , and jump to action . he shimmy around the edge of the raft and begin to pull in the sea anchor . he bring it into the raft . he be head in the correct direction and want to get go at great speed . 21 . int . ocean the camera be again below the raft come into a close - up on the alga on the bottom of the raft . there be now ten or so small fish eat the alga . the plant have grow larger as well . as the camera get closer and closer to one of the minnow a much larger fish come darting in from the edge of frame and eat the smaller fish . this be startling and cut into . int . liferaft our man be awoken from a nap by something hit he back , the fish bump into the bottom of the raft as it eat the little guy . our man look around and do not know what it be . drink water . eat . get out a small mirror and a razor and shave . this seem a odd choice but our man seem to be want to keep up some level of appearance for he own mental state if nothing else . as he be finish shave he hear something . then again . oh fuck . he look out the door across the horizon and it be a perfect sunny day . then the rumbling again . he stand and turn around and look behind he , across at the far horizon there be a massive thunder head and very dark sky . here we go again . our man look around the raft and try to decide what to do next . he grab the sea anchor and launch it back into the water . ( a quick note about our man 's physical condition at this point in the film . he have lose significant weight since the start of the film . 22 . the gash on he forehead do not seem to be heal well , but it also be not infect . he have be try to stay shaven so we can see he face . ) our man also start batten down everything in the raft as he know it will be get rough . when all be as prepare as it can be he take out the chart and do one last read with the sextant on the sun just as it be get cover up by the income cloud . he do some calculation , cross reference the book and mark he progress on the chart . he be move closer to the mark shipping lane . int . ocean the camera start on a extreme close up of the alga on the bottom of the raft and begin to pull back . we now see hundred of the small minnow eat the alga . then we see thirty of the larger fish that be eat the minnow circle below . then below they there be five or six fish probably two or three foot long circle below at the bottom of the chain . as the camera pull down further away from this little ecosystem we see more and more of the ocean 's surface from below and we can see that it be darken and become very stormy . int . liferaft - night our man be about to get the shit beat out of he and he know it . he have do everything he can to prepare for the worst and now he be just sit on the windward side of the raft listen as the sound of the storm start pick up . he look out the window and you can not see much but what you can see be not good . our man hang on as the tent start to buckle down on he from the force of the wind . then in between the gust of the wind the raft start get throw at some pretty crazy angle as the wave start to build . int . ocean back at we ocean view the fish seem to have disappear but the raft and sea anchor look stark against the thrash of the storm . the sound underwater be silent though , which be a very pleasant contrast to the storm above . 23 . int . liferaft this be not good . the tent be now about to give way and be be blow down almost on top of our man . the wave seem to be come around and over the raft . then without notice the raft get flip over and everything start to fill with water as all of he supplies fall on top of he and tumble around the raft like a wash machine . the side wall to the raft now crumple and our man be lose in the mayhem . the raft finally come to the bottom of the wave and settles back right side up . it be fill with water . our man immediately start bail out the water use a empty can . after bail and bail our man finally lay into a almost fetal position and try to close he eye . he open they and the nightmare continue . they close . open . finally close . fade to black . int . ocean a extreme wide shot of the raft and sea anchor alone at sea . the camera get closer and closer to the raft but there be no fish to be see . as the camera go by the raft : CUT to : ext . ocean / raft -bright sunny morning our man be lay look like a batter fighter across the raft . the tent have be rip and almost completely destroy by the storm . our man have now lose he protection from the sun . also most of he provision have be either swamp , destroy , or lose overboard . he be cling to the chart and sextant . 24 . he open and eat a food ration packet from the emergency survival kit . he pull in the sea anchor to try to speed he process towards the shipping lane . he also use it as a blanket to protect he leg from the sun . he take the large water jug , try a sip , and spit it out . Salt . somehow saltwater have make its way into the water jug ? he look around the lose horizon . he 's totally fuck . he break down . then pull himself together . he look up at the glaring sun . inspiration . he be now move quickly again . he take out he small knife . he lean the large plastic water jug ( think a plastic version of one of that auxiliary gas can that be attach to the back of the jeep in the Korean war like in m.a.s.h. ) on its side and begin cut out the top side to the corner . essentially make a very large dish . he fill it with sea water . he take another much smaller container and place it in the center of the larger water jug . he then cut out a large piece of clear plastic from a window panel in the rip tent . he place that over the whole top of the open side of the water jug . his last move be to put a small weight of some kind in the middle of the plastic right over the open top of the smaller container in the middle . he then lie down next to the contraption and look at the underside of the plastic . over a minute or so in extreme close up we see condensation start to form on the underside of the clear plastic from the heat from the sun . the water droplet then run towards the middle low point and when they hit where the lowest point be they fall down into the smaller container in the middle with a pleasant drop noise . our man let out a small smile . he have build the most basic form of a desalination plant . it will be a brutal process to monitor , but it should be enough to keep he alive . as our man lay down on the boil hot yet wet and fetid floor of the raft he close he eye . he ( we ) then hear the sound of something below he . 25 . he open he eye . look around then go back to listen . he hear it again . he sit up and look around , nothing . then he go over to the edge of the raft and look down below he into the water . he see several of the larger fish circle below he . he have one think ... food . our man look around the raft . he look through what be leave of the emergency kit and find some string and fish hook . he take a small piece of some of the food ration and put it on the end of the hook . he lower it into the water below he and wait . he take a very small drink of water from the cup in the middle of the water contraption . it almost make he more thirsty . our man look at he watch , it 's almost noon . he take out the chart and sextant and do a read . he mark he course on the chart . the camera come in on the chart . he be in the shipping lane . he look up from the chart and scan the horizon . nothing . he throw the sea anchor back out into the water to now try to stop he progress and stay in the shipping lane for as long as possible . the fishing line start move ever so slightly . then more so . he pick up the spool and start pull it in . into the boat come a two - foot long fish . he bashes it over the head . then fillet it and eat it raw . ext . raft our man be sit on the edge of the raft try to bail out some of the water when he face register something . he stare out into the distance . all the way across to the horizon he see a tiny black spec . 26 . what be it ? his eye be stick on the horizon , he do not look well . the black dot get larger and larger . it be a ship . as it get closer we see that it be a very , very , very , large ship . in fact it be a cargo ship that have shipping container , like the one that first puncture he boat , stack a hundred and fifty foot above the deck . as it get closer we see that it be on a pretty direct path for our man which seem a good thing although as it get closer we realize it could be a really bad thing . our man start wave he hand and yell . his voice be hoarse and mostly useless at this point . the ship be so massive that there be no way to see the bridge from our man 's vantage point . the ship come right up on top of he . he shoot off one of he remain rescue flare , but it be bright daylight so it do very little to register anything . the ship almost run he down . it look like a skyscraper next to he , then it go racing by move much faster than you would think . our man be now stare at the back of the massive ship still wave and yell . nothing . it steam off into the distance till it disappear . our man be despondent . he lay back down , and as the sun set he fall asleep . fade to black . ext . raft our man be awoken by another massive ship , this one a oil tanker larger than can be imagine , steaming by , right on top of he . it be too late to shoot off the flare in front of the ship , so he wait . once the ship have pass he shoot the flare into the night sky . 27 . it create a bright light but as the ship continue to steam into the distance it become painfully clear that they have not see the flare . int . raft - morning our man wake up and look out across the horizon . nothing . he look over the edge to see if the fish be still there . he drop he line over the edge . he stare out into the emptiness as he wait for the line to move . finally it start to jiggle a little bit , then more . our man get up on he knee and start to pull the fish up . as he be look over the edge of the raft a massive shark jump up through the surface of the water and eat the fish that be at the end of he line . as the shark break the surface of the water it 's tail knock into we man throw he to the other side of the raft . it scare the shit out of he . worse yet , the massive shark seem to like the easy picking around this little float island and it be now circle he raft as it float along . he try to convince himself that it be only interested in the fish but as he sit there a batter and almost defeat man it be not a promise sign . int . ocean - morning the wide shot view back up to the raft on the surface now have the minnow at the top of the ecosystem and towards the edge and at the bottom close to the camera several massive shark . int . liferaft - high noon our man look at he watch , then up at the sun . he look terrible . twenty - five pound lighter than when we first see he . 28 . large boil from the sun and sit around in salt water . the nasty cut on he forehead that now be start to look infect . and he have start to get very dehydrated . all he really want to do be lay down and watch the water evaporate against the plastic . but he try to fight on . our man get out the sextant and take a read . he do he math and plot the course on the chart ... we do not see where the mark be but he face tell we it 's not where he want it to be . he hold up the sextant again and do the read a second time . then he do he math again . plot the course , and now the camera come up on the chart ... we see he current location be now through the other side of the shipping lane . there must be a significant current that have send he through the shipping lane in just a day and a half . the next land on the chart appear to be week away , it 's all the way at the edge of the map . our man be fuck . ext . liferaft - day he pull in the sea anchor to use as a blanket . he look around the raft . the side panel be get partially deflate , the whole thing look like it certainly would not make it through another storm . but at this point he would not mind a little storm as he would do anything for some rain for a bath and to drink . but it could not be sunnier . he take the small cup from the middle of the rig and drink the inch of water that be in it . there be a ton of crusty salt that have build up in the larger outer pan that get leave there as the water evaporate . 29 . he trip out for a minute stare into the salt crust landscape . then a shark jump up right next to the raft eat another fish . our man barely notice , he be so out of it . int . liferaft - sunset our man look around the raft and get out a pen from the small emergency bag . he take out a small piece of paper and begin write the letter that we hear at the beginning of the film . he finish the letter and put it into a small plastic jar . he close it up and then release it into the ocean . he go back to the container in the middle of the rig and try to drink the water , but only a tiny amount have collect in such a short amount of time . our man lay he head down in the water at the floor of the raft . he close he eye as the sun set . fade out . int . raft —- full moon - night our man wake up with a start . his leg be cramping . he try to comfort they then sit up . as he do he look up at the moon and then over across the flat sea . about a half mile away there be the clear outline of a small ship . our man shake he head to wake up . the ship be still there . he stand up . look around . tries to yell but have no voice leave at all . tries to yell again . he be out of flare . 30 . be this a mirage ? he can hear the ship engine . but it be not come closer to he , it be sailing alongside of he but will soon be get further away . he look around the boat . he rifle through the emergency kit and take out a small box . we can not quite see what it be . he pile up some of he dry garbage into the water tray . then we see the box be storm match as he light one . he start the small fire and look out across the water to see if the ship be turn around . it be not . he look around the raft for anything leave to add . he be desperate as the ship be pass . he put the sea anchor in a ball and try to light it on fire . it catch , soon the massive fray parachute be burn . then it be really burn and start to take over the whole raft . our man be now have to get next to edge because of the flame . then the flame catch one of the side of the raft on fire and our man start to panic . for a second he try to splash water on the flame but that be pointless . the good news be there be a massive ball of flame reflect off the water and must be visible from mile . the bad news be it be a full moon . our man try to turn and look to see if the ship be turn around . now most of the raft be on fire . finally our man have to jump into the water to get away from the flame . he be tread water know that there be probably shark around . after a long beat he say he peace . 31 . int . ocean - full moon the view from under the raft be beautiful . the flame and the full moon and our man 's silhouette be something to look at . from this view we see out of the corner of the frame a object float into the frame . we be not sure what it be . int . surface of the ocean our man be tread water barely keep he head above water look at he raft burn . what have he do ? his head drop below the water level . then pop back up . then , from behind he we see a dinghy with some fisherman in it motor up to he . he turn around and can not believe what he be see . he try to wave he arm . they circle he . in the distance we see the larger fishing vessel come towards they . the young man at the front of the dingy reach out he hand towards our man . they hand meet . fade to black .