all about steve written by Kim barker November 2006 tnt . kitchen - day a New York Times crossword puzzle . the hand of mary horowitz scratch the answer in ink without pause even a second between each one . mary ( v.o. ) vita aenigma est . life be a puzzle . it be . specifically , life be most like a crossword puzzle . there be a million reason why , not the least of which be that life , like crossword , require the use of you whole entire brain - her write hand knock a glass of grape soda and it spill all over the puzzle . mary crap . the puzzle answer all run together . int . school hallway - day ten plastic fold chair line the hallway -- all empty except for one . in the last chair sit Mary horowitz , 31 , in she best synthetic cardigan , somebody 's grandmother 's skirt , she own red rubber boot . genius meet retard . she mumble to herself . mary four letter word for ... vomit . she take a deep breath to calm she nerve . it do not help . mary not " barf " . for sure not " barf " . that 's too easy . " puke " be okay , but maybe a bit pedestrian ( that mean boring ) ... I like " hurl " . I do . I like the way it roll off you tongue -- the word , I mean . but my all time favorite be none of that . she put she head between she knee , try to keep it together . 2 . mary four letter word for vomit ? s-p-e - W. spew ... sp -ew . a door nearby open but Mary do not budge . a police officer walk out . a 40ish female teacher poke she head out the door , signal to Mary . teacher we be ready for you now . ( a plastic kroger shopping Mary jump up , grab she purse bag ) . mary Jesus help I . int . classroom - day Mary stand in front of the chalkboard , " career day " write in huge letter behind she . she smile with terror at the class of 10 year old kide . the teacher read from she note . teacher here 's a treat , student . we final guest for career Day , miss Mary horowitz , be the crossword constructor for the Atlanta citizen . you know the crossword puzzle you see every week in the newspaper ? it 's she job to create they . be not that fun ? Mary stare at the teacher , whisper . mary you be not suppose to tell they . teacher pardon I ? mary I make a crossword puzzle to help they guess what my job be . you ruin it . teacher oh , I be so sorry . 3 . Mary take the crossword puzzle out of she bag , look at they like lose puppy . teacher maybe you could tell they a bit about what you job be like ? watche 's hit garbage Mary drop thu p file out she the bottom she p lls u hearse enthusiasm . bag , read with be mary people do crossword puzzle all the time but they do not often think of the person who make all the word fit together , and who think up the clue , and who make sure the little black square at the top mirror the one at the bottom . she pull one of the crossword out of the garbage can , hold it up , turn it upside down , force a nervous smile . mary crossword constructor usually have above average intelligence , with knowledge of just about every subject you can imagine . and it help if they can spell . the card in Mary 's hand read " laugh " . she laugh . nobody else do . she look at the card again , instantly get serious , sweep she hand through the air . mary imagine , for a moment , a world without crossword puzzle . a world - Mary notice one kid with he hand up . it totally throw she off . teacher Daniel , you have a question ? daniel you make a live do that ? just make puzzle ? the Atlanta citizen only come out on Fridays . one puzzle a week can not make you enough to live on . a large kid in the front row pipe up . 4. large kid how do you pay you rent ? mary my parent - daniel you live with you parent ? the kid all laugh they ass off . Mary just stare at they . large kid oh my God , how old be you ? still live at home ! the kid all laugh some more . Mary 's on the verge of panic . teacher Children ! the teacher shoot the kid a warning look , then notice Mary hyperventilate . teacher be you okay ? Mary grasp for breath , struggle to speak . mary Water . teacher Water . just hang on . the teacher rush out . the kid all stare at Mary . mary yep , I live at home ... she force herself to get it together , totally fake it . mary but so do all of you , so there ... and sure , I only create one crossword puzzle a week but I have deadline , I have stress , I have demand on I so huge you would not believe . the newspaper business be hell . I mean it . Hell . somebody 's get to write about all the horror that go on in this world . ( more ) 5 . mary ( cont would ) and after people read about that horror , somebody else have to bring they back from the brink of suicide . who do you think that be ? she lean in close to the front row , scare herself more than anybody . mary I ! my crossword puzzle be always good news . it enlighten . it be andma 's entertain . it keep you g mind alive so she remember to send you five buck on you birthday . think about that as you lie in bed tonight pick you nose and cry yourself to sleep . I know I will . the kid just stare at she . she lean against the teacher 's desk , try to look relaxed but fail miserably . mary my job matter , you know . in media circle I be , as the dutch say , geliefd . that mean I have plenty of friend . hoard , in fact . scad even . the kid be not buy it . large kid you be a freak . the kid all nod in agreement . Mary 's freeze , devastate . the teacher rush back into the room with a cup of water , hand it over . Mary sip it like communion wine . half of it run down she chin . Mary look at the teacher , fake a smile . mary that 's a pretty blouse . the teacher smile back . awkward . ext . school -- day the front door of the school swing open and a visibly shake Mary walk out . she take a deep breath and embrace denial . 6 . mary twelve letter phrase for smash success ! she head down the walkway toward the bus stop . mary as one would say in old Paris ... coup de maitre ! a custodian clean the school yard look up . Mary keep on talk - now to he . mary it mean " master stroke " , even though the direct translation be actually " master blow " ... leave it to the french to pass off a unpleasant slave activity as a everyday expression . the custodian do not know what the hell she 's talk about . Mary continue on to the bus stop . int . CITY bus -- day the CITY bus driver watch as Mary pay she $ 1.75 one nickel at a time . mary I sometimes suffer from benign positional vertigo . could you please not drive until I be - for he ignore she , start drive . Mary struggle toward the back of for the bus , grab g go . mary Excuse I ... pardonnez-moi ... begnadiyen sie mich ... she lurch for a empty seat and just about dislodge she shoulder on the center pole . finally settle , she peek under she sweater at the shoulder damage . mary hello hematoma . she smile at a angry elderly lady sit across from she . the lady give she the " do not talk to I " glare , then stare out the window . Mary fidget in she seat . 7. mary ( v.o. ) in crossword , as in life , some day be harder than other . it 's true . in the New York Times , for example , the puzzle get harder as the week go . so on Monday , a day that traditionally bite the big one , the crossword be super easy . it 's comforting to know that although life can be difficult at time , crossword let you off easy when you need it the most . Mary look around for anybody to talk to . the other passengers avert they eye . Mary start bite she nail . ext . newsstand - day a frail 80 year old man mr . takihashi work alongside he wspaper , 40ish granddaughter betty sell magazine , not smoke and pocky . in the corner of the newsstand , a mute tv feature CNN " break News " coverage of a high speed car chase . businessmen be glue to the image as they wait in line . Mary grab a half a dozen different newspaper , yell to Mr. takihashi like he 's deaf . mary koncha , takihashi - san ! he ignore she . Mary hand the papers to Betty . mary hi Betty . Betty just ring up the papers . mary do you see the review of " hairspray " in the Journal yesterday ? they use the word " spectacular " -- always a good sign . maybe you would like to go see it with rne ? I have a coupon for five dollar off . Betty shove the newspaper back across the counter , point at they , then speak in barely recognizable English . S. betty nine dollar twenty . Mary fish in she bag for money . mary we could bring you dad if you want . I do not think the show be ageist . that mean he will not feel like a loser for be old . as she take she time pay , Mr. takihashi madly gesture about Mary hold up the line . Betty bark at she . betty pecha kucha ! do itta ! Betty take Mary 's money , wave she on and help the next customer . mary so no then ? that 's a no ? Betty ignore she . Mary wait , load the newspaper into she bag . mary ( v.o. ) sometimes crossword be even better than life . here 's how . they do not discriminate . crossword do not care if you be young or old ; black or white ; male , female or intersex . crossword only care if you be a idiot . and , really , that 's okay , because if you have the iq of a yam , finish a crossword should be the least of you worry . Mary glance up at the tv news once more , then walk away . int . CNN loading BAY - day a half dozen news crews rush to load and unload CNN news ech -- van . journalist , photographer , producer , soundy T all in a mad rush to go get a unshaven and surprisingly calm steve balance camera equipment in one hand while he scratch a barely legible " Steve " onto a clipboard . a young PA take the clipboard , hand Steve a bunch of gas mask . 9 . 5u' Steve head to a open van where a dishevel , mid producer angus mccormack check he watch . angus where the hell be he ? steve probably do he nail . -- paper 40ish reporter hartman hughes rush to the van on he face . napkin tuck in he shirt collar , bread crumb hartman what do you mean " the big one " ? terrorist , natural disaster , what ? angus pandemic . hartman 's eye light up . angus half of the Midwest and spread . nobody 's safe . Steve try on a gas mask . hartman please let it be the bird flu . steve Bird flu be for pussy . this thing 's unstoppable . hartman how 's it spread ? angus look at Steve . steve Squirrels . hartman can barely contain he excitement . hartman oh my God , they be everywhere ! steve exactly . hartman Al Qaeda connection ? 10 . angus always a possibility . steve who wish he be in Iraq now ? hartman not I !. hartman grab a gas mask and rush to the van 's side mirror . hartman I need blush . no , wait . I will go pasty . it will look like I could be the first media victim . " hartman Hughes , no such thing as too close to the story " . hartman look back at Steve and angus . they be just stand there , unable to keep a straight face . hartman deflate . hartman asshole ! I know it be too good to be true . he throw he gas mask down , storm off . angus hartman , come on . hartman get in the elevator , holler out to they . hartman I have a perfectly good bologna sandwich go on upstairs . wasted ! angus and Steve watch the elevator door close , shrug it off . steve next e-coli story break , he will be fine . ext . horowitz house - day a 1890 Colonial revival home surround by White oak . oversize statue of the bless virgin in the flower bed . mezuzah on the door . face still in the newspaper , Mary trip up the step and skid onto the porch . her knee start to bleed . 11 . mary crap . int . horowitz house - day it 's house that 's be live in . every inch cluttere with old newspaper , family photo , various objet d'art , and book , book and more book . Mary step out of she boot and march into the live room where she 50ish mother , mrs . horowitz , sit read with mr . horowitz ( late 50' , professorial head to toe , furrow brow to wear loafer ) . mary " brilliant " be what they say . never in the history of St. Margaret 's career Day have the child 's brain be so inordinately stimulate as they be today by my presentation . mrs . horowitz good for you , sweetie . Mary pull the newspaper out of she bag , sort through they , stack they on top of the tv . mary " inspire " , the teacher tell I . mr. horowitz you get the Post ? she hand he the paper . mary " engross " one child exclaim . mr. horowitz a ten year old say that ? mary I be sure that 's what he mean . and " ebullient " - mr. horowitz what happen to you knee ? Mary look down at the blood drip down from she knee onto she sock . she 's completely annoyed - more at the question than the mess . 12. mary dad , some of the great orator of all time have they head chop off for they labor . I be lucky to escape with a simple flesh wound . Mary hand over the last newspaper , head out to the hallway . her mother yell to she . mrs . horowitz Change that sock before you date . mary I tell you I be not go . mrs . horowitz Mrs. alchessi say you will like this one . mary Mrs. alchessi have gliomatosis cerebri . mrs . horowitz what ? mary a brain tumor characterize by , among other thing , dementia . she 's nut . Mary walk up the stair . mrs . horowitz Mary , it 's just a date . this be what normal girl you age do . Mary stop on the stair . mary I be normal . silence from she parent . Mary march back into the live room . mary in fact , I be normalis extreme . that 's the kind of normal that do not get more normal . mrs . hancock of course you be , sweetie . 13 . Mary look at she obviously lie mother and uncomfortable father . Mary 's mind reel , like she head be go to explode . finally , a determination hit she . mary I will go . Mary bolt up the stair to she room . Mr. and Mrs. horowitz look at each other , surprised , happy . mr. horowitz you ever want to see grandchild , you better burn the damn boot . she swat he with she book , try not to laugh . int . horowitz house - mary room - night storage room or bedroom ? box and book all over the place . in the middle of it all , a bed . on the dresser , a bunch of photo of Mary Tyler Moore in the - MTM in a 1970' . tape to the mirror , the choose photo horowitz smart blue sweater and skirt ensemble . a wear the exact same outfit . oddly , surprisingly current and actually hot . she lean over the gerbil cage next to she desk , tap to wake up the : Lone , fat occupant . mary Carol , tonight I have a date . a blind one . not the guy , I mean the situation . we be , as yet , unknown to one another ... it 's nerve wrack , I know . try not to have a spontaneous epileptiform seizure . the doorbell ring . Mary freeze , listen for the muffle voice downstairs . she sit on the corner of she bed and breathes rapidly into a paper bag . there 's a knock on she bedroom door . Mary fold up the bag , put it in she pocket for later , then open the door a crack . it 's she mother . mrs . horowitz guess who 's here . 14 . mary I would rather not . Mrs. horowitz open the door wider , take a look at Mary , look like she 's go to cry . mrs . horowitz look at you . mary i already do . repeatedly . mrs . horowitz you be beautiful . mary please do not mean on the inside . mrs . horowitz beautiful and smart . and fun . and interesting . Mary take a deep breath , let it out fast . mary let 's hope all that do it for he . int . horowitz house - hallway - night a bored , CNN jacket wear Steve look up to see Mrs. horowitz descend the stair . not far behind , Mary take each step like she knee be fuse together but still manage to look hot . Steve 's pleasantly surprised . with one look at Steve , Mary 's eye glaze over as if a choir be scream " hallelujah " in she brain . as Mary reach the bottom step -- steve Mary , hi. I be Steve . she put up a finger - " just a second " . she turn around and run back upstairs . Steve look at Mrs. horowitz , confuse . mrs . horowitz and how 's you mother ? 15 . steve great . thanks . she just stare at he and smile . int . horowitz house - mary room - night Mary run into she room , kneel down in front of the mizrach and crucifix on the wall . hand clasped in prayer . mary god . you may have notice that I be wear clean sock . translation : I be really try and thus should be amply reward . thanks for you support . she get up , have a second think , get back onto she knee . mary and by support I do not mean , you know - she hike up she bra . mary I mean you assistance , you furtherance , you advocacy of my effort to get out there and ... do what I be suppose to do . she concentrate hard , open she eye . now she 's ready . int . horowitz house - hallway - night Steve wait as Mary walk down the stair again , this time a bit more relaxed . mrs . horowitz there we go . Mary make it to the bottom of the stair , step into she red boot . her mother cringe . Steve 's a bit surprised at the boot but who care , Mary 's still hot from the knee cap up . steve ready ? Mary nod a bunch of time . 16 . steve Mrs. horowitz . goodnight . ( call into live room ) sir. mr. horowitz ( o.s. ) you kid have fun . mrs . horowitz be careful now . do not forget you seatbelt . Mrs. horowitz see they out the door then head into the live room . she wave to they out the window , try to hide she worry but fail miserably . mr. horowitz she will be fine . they look at each other - a bit of hope , a bit of dread . ext . STREET - night Steve unlock the driver 's side door of he suv while Mary wait at she door , nervous but smile . steve sorry about this blind date thing . my mother - mary I never go to kindergarten ! he look at she , totally confuse . mary they skip I to the forth grade . steve okay . she get in the car , fasten she seatbelt . Steve hesitates then head to the driver 's side , get in . mary I miss finger painting . he have no clue what to say . steve sorry ? 17 . mary I too . she lunge for he lip but the seatbelt snap she back inch short . steve whoa ! undeterred by the whiplash , Mary undoe she seatbelt and try again , this time make contact with Steve 's lip . he 's more than a little startle but kiss she back anyway , all the while strain to see the horowitz house . steve Mary ... uh , what about you mother ? she straddle he and keep kissing . mary you be not she type . and she 's marry . steve no , we be right in front of you house and ... she undoe she sweater . steve and I have no problem with that whatsoever . she kiss he neck . he look up with a " thank you , God " . mary Steve ? steve Mary . mary be it Steven with a V or Stephen with a p -h ? steve V . she work over he face over like it 's a ice cream cone . 18. mary I think so . there be almost a million Stevens with a V in the country , you know . it 's much more popular than the p-h way , almost twice as popular in fact . I think it 's the brit who prefer the p -h . they love they p - h 's over there . not as much as they love they fish and chip but still , they love they . it be the media thing , you know , that 's why we mom want we to get together . you work in the media , so do I . we really have to hand it to we mom , Steve , we do , and not just for raise we , or for thriving during a time when woman painstakingly struggle for equality , but I mean we should hand it to they for be visionary and predict we all encompass compatibility . we be professionally compatible , yes , but it 's occur to I at this particular moment that we be also sexually compatible , and I do not know if you notice like I notice but we be also both wear blue . what be the chance of that ? actually , if I really think about it , the chance be probably pretty good . Blue be one of the most popular three color , however , yours be - she lean forward and check the fabric tag on the neck of he jacket . she can not quite read it . she reach up and flip on the interior light . Steve 's just about blind . she grab the tag , read . mary Nylon . and mine ... she grab she own tag and read it , just about elbow Steve in the eye . mary polyester ! see ? both synthetic fibre ! and the chance of that be much smaller than the chance of we just wear blue . Steve look at Mary - suddenly fully aware of she craziness . 19 . mary do you like crossword ? steve sure . she just about jump out of she pants with excitement . mary I too ! and semantics , the study of the meaning of word ? you love word , right ? steve what 's not to love . mary I know ! she can hardly believe she good fortune . her mind reel just as fast as she lip . mary Steve with a V , you know what we be ? we be didymous . two of a kind . two rare earth element bring together by norn , that 's scandinavian for the destiny . you want to make out for ten to fifteen minute more then go get a six pack of twinkies and Mountain Dew and stay up all night and talk ? Steve be freeze . no escape - then it hit he . he jump a bit , pull out he cell phone . steve sorry . I have to get this . mary I do not hear it ring . steve vibrate . mary I do not feel it steve you do not ? ( into phone ) this be Steve ... what ? really ? now ? if I do not have a choice ... 20 . he hang up , look at Mary like he feel bad . steve work . I have to go to ... Boston . this happen all the time . you know how it be . wherever news happen ... Mary get off of he , slide back into she seat , button she sweater . mary it 's okay . when you get back we can have plenty of quality time . steve sure . I will call you . he lean over , open she door . mary Steve , this have be a night to remember . steve no kid . you certainly be - he search for any word that will do . Mary jump in . mary normal . steve you read my mind . never happier , she jump out of the car . as he drive away , she pull the paper bag out of she pocket , breathes into it . int . horowitz house - night Mary 's parent hear the door open then Mary 's footstep hit the stair . Mrs. horowitz jump up , rush to meet she . mrs . horowitz sweetie , what 's wrong ? what happen ? my God , you have barely be go ten minute . Mary stop on the stair , turn back . 21 . mary Mom , sometimes that 's all you need to know he 's the one ! Mary smile big , take the rest of the stair up two at a time . Mrs. horowitz be about to follow she . mr. horowitz that girl make up she mind the moon be green , it 's green . leave she be . it will pass . eventually . Mrs. horowitz move away from the stair , no less worried . int . horowitz house - mary room - night Mary leap from the doorway and land on she bed in pencil pose , smile up at the ceiling . mary eleven letter word for serendipity . she scream into she pillow . mary the perfect answer : s-e-r-e-n-d-i-p - i-t-y. serendipity . why would you ever need a better word than that ? she sit up , grab she notebook , start to draw out a new crossword puzzle . - day int . atlanta citizen newspaper office a busy newspaper office . courier make delivery , journalist talk at they desk , secretary count the minute until they can go home . in the editor 's office , jim soloman look over the newspaper layout with a assistant . soloman let 's split the gardening feature into two week . keep they in suspense . he step back , look at the whole layout . soloman look good . how be we do here ? 22 . he check he watch . soloman five minute to spare . look at that . the Assistant point to a blank corner of page 26 . soloman 's surprised , and not particularly impressed . soloman horowitz . int . atlanta citizen build - elevator - day Mary stand at the front of the full elevator , smile , a piece of paper grip in she hand . mary ( v.0 . ) when I be a fledgle ( that mean novice ) crossword constructor , I would find comfort in the word of the learn crossword sage . above all , my hero be manny nosowsky , frequent New York Times contributor and all around cruciverbial master . int . atlanta citizen newspaper office - day Mary walk out of the elevator and head through the office . nobody seem to notice she . mary ( v.o. ) manny say that a crossword puzzle 's greatness can be determine by ask three simple question . she march in the direction of the editor 's office . mary ( v.0 . ) be it solvable ? she almost collide with a mail cart but keep walk . mary ( v.0 . ) be it entertaining ? she arrive at the editor 's office , plant she foot in the doorway . 23. mary ( v.o. ) do it 's arkle ? she look down at the crossword puzzle in she hand , smile , hold it out for soloman . soloman grab the crossword and hand it right to the Assistant , who rush it out the door . int . hair salon - day two old lady sit under the hair dryer , each do the Atlanta citizen crossword puzzle . they be stump . the first Old Lady holler over the noise of the dryer . old lady I can't get any of these ! the other Old Lady hold up she blank crossword , shrug . int . taxi - day the taxi driver sit in the park taxi do the crossword . taxi driver this be bullshit . int . starbucks - day a a long haire guy get up from he seat , put he coat on . male executive sit down and spot the newspaper open to the crossword puzzle . guy do not even bother , man . I do not know what the deal be , but it look like all the answer be -- int . atlanta citizen - editor' office - day soloman hold up the crossword page . soloman Steve ? Mary sit and smile . 24 . soloman every single answer be " Steve " ? who the hell be Steve anyway ? no wait , I do not care , but I do care that you piss off we reader . Mary 's smile fall a bit . soloman I think you know better than to pull something like this . it 's unprofessional , it 's -- to he . he 's too frustrated , the word be not come mary romantic ? soloman no ! mary creativo ? that 's italian for " creative " . soloman no. mary how about - soloman Mary . we be let you go . mary oh. up she kroger she look like she 's go to cry . she pick bag , fidget . mary maybe I could make it up to you by do a fishing theme crossword . I know how you love the piscatology . soloman shake he head -- it 's do . Mary hesitates then finally get up . mary okay . I will just give you some time then . we will talk next week . 25 . he ignore that . she walk out , seemingly content , a bit of denial . a payroll clerk see the elevator door close behind Mary . payroll clerk she forget she severance . assistant do not you mean " steverance " ? they both laugh . ext . horowitz house - day Mary walk up to the front step where Mr. horowitz sit the wait for she . she sit down beside he . he hold up Atlanta citizen crossword . mr. horowitz interesting way to go . mary indeed . mr. horowitz they like it ? she point to the other newspaper in he lap . mary finish with the Times ? she go to take the paper . he stop she . mr. horowitz neshama , the puzzle . how would it go ? she look around . nowhere to run . mary how do you think ? she look at he -- worry all over he face . she hesitates for a moment then suck it up . mary because if you be think that they love it , that they think it be imaginative and bold and evocative ... you would be right . 26 . he 's not sure how to take that . mr. horowitz and Steve ? mary he work a lot , you know . Travels all the time . ' tis possible he have not yet espied it . she pick up the crossword , admire it . mary but when he do , I be sure he will say , " that Mary horowitz ... be a catch . where oh where have she be all my empty life ? from here onward my life will be divide into ' before I meet Mary ' and ' after I meet Mary ' with the second part be far superior . I be lonely no more . the miss letter in my puzzle have at last be find . " mr. horowitz I do not want you get you hope up too much . mary I be not . int . CNN atlanta - day a exec office . Steve relax on the sofa next to angus while hartman nose around the office . angus we be go to hit rush . we will have to take the second flight . exec. producer dan corbitt walk in , head straight for he desk . corbitt you be set . kdfw 's on site now . angus and Steve start to get up . corbitt hang on . they sit . corbitt grab the remote control , turn the tv on . 27 . corbitt anybody want to tell I about this ? he fast forward through footage of hartman report from a greenhouse . corbitt slow it to normal speed , mute it . they watch as hartman interview a attractive female botanist hold a test tube with a seedling in it . hartman keep point to the seedling - which happen to be right in front of the botanist 's generous breast . the camera get closer and closer - each time it pull away hartman point to the seedling again to force the camera in close - basically turn the piece into a giant boob-fest . angus take a look at that ... plant . corbitt pause it on the worst shot , look at Steve . corbitt we can not use this . hartman fake disgust . hartman of course not . Nice camera work , stevie . Steve glare at hartman . corbitt point at the freeze shot on the tv screen , look at Steve . corbitt you want to go back to the weather Channel , try that again . corbitt check he watch , point they out the door . corbitt get out of here . do not embarrass I in Dallas . hartman , angus and Steve walk out . Steve nod to hartman - thanks asshole . in the hallway , Steve 's cell phone ring . he answer it . steve what ?... Mom , let I call you back . 28 . he listen , signal to angus he need a minute , then stop at a reception area . he sort through the newspaper , pull out the Atlanta citizen , flip through it . steve what page ? he find Mary 's crossword . he look at it closely , totally confuse . it take he more than a second to get it . he laugh -- then suddenly reality set in . steve Jesus . int . horowitz house - bathroom - night Mary do a crossword while soaking in the bathtub . without miss a answer , she reach over the side of the tub , grab the telephone on the floor . she check the dial tone , hang up quickly , continue with the puzzle . mary four letter word for be I go to wait my whole life for Steve to call ? she suddenly stop write . mary nope . she flail out of the tub like a salmon head upstream , grab a towel barely big enough to cover she . without any effort to dry off , she run out of the bathroom . int . horowitz house - hallway / live room - night towel wrap around she but barely cover , Mary reach the top of the stair . her wet foot slide all over the place , she opt for the safety of a banister slide . she get up on it , slide a few inch before realize what a bad idea it be . mary ow ow ouch . she get off the banister , slop the rest of the way down the stair , jump into the doorway of the live room . 29 . mary the news be Steve 's life ! it 's not just what he do , it 's who he be , imbed deep down in he polymer of nucleotide . I should be out there by he side . that 's what girlfriend do , be not it ? let he concentrate on he work . I will concentrate on the relationship . it will not be easy , I know , but neither be quantum physics or ... the Heisenberg uncertainty principle or ... paper mache , but I have manage to do fine with that , have not I ? she look at she parent . they sit at a table play bridge with mr. and mrs . hancock . mrs . horowitz Mary , you remember the hancocks . mary top of the evening . Mr. hancock check out Mary 's bare leg as she stand in a puddle of bath water . Mrs. hancock lift she husband 's chin , snap he out of it . mrs . hancock love this week 's puzzle , dear . whoever Steve be , he must be a very lucky young man . Mr. horowitz give Mrs. hancock a look - " do not encourage she " . mary exactly ! and all I have to do be go to he , be near he , and do my best to radiate ... I . Mr. horowitz do not like the sound of this . mr. horowitz and where exactly will this radiation take place ? Mary rush to the tv , turn it on , flip it to CNN . on the tv : 30 . a shot of the medieval Times castle in Dallas , TX . the banner on the screen read " workplace killing " . mary wherever news happen , dad . wherever news happen . ext . greyhound bus station - atlanta - day passengers board the bus destine for Dallas . Way too excited in she red boot , Mary be the last in line . she hug she mother then jump up onto the first step of the bus . Mr. horowitz hold Mary 's knapsack and kroger bag , shake he head in disbelief . mr. horowitz this be nut . Mary take the bag from he . mary abe , Catherine , I be off . I do not know where I be go - the Greyhound Bus driver holler from behind she . driver Dallas . mary geographically yes , I know . figuratively , philosophically , spiritually , much less so . my entire life be before I . the world be my ostrea edulis ... that mean the edible kind of oyster . mrs . horowitz that 's beautiful , sweetie . you sure you will not take mine instead ? she try to switch she leather bag for Mary 's kroger bag . Mary resist , point back and forth between the two bag . mary Mom , two handle , two handle , they both hold stuff , what 's the difference ? Mrs. horowitz go to explain , give up . 31 . mr. horowitz that Steve show any disrespect , you be on the next bus back here . mary disrespect . do you mean unmannerly , tactless , vulgar ? because he 's a straight man , dad , and some thing can not be help . but if you mean inconsiderate to I , contemptuous toward I , insulting , irreverent , uncivil - driver let 's go already ! she step up one more step , yell out to she parent and the world : mary I do not know when I will be back but I do know this - the door shut in she face . int . greyhound bus day Mary wave to she worried parent through the close door . mary ( to herself ) I be not come back alone . ext . medieval time - dallas - day local and national news crews be campe across the road from the medieval Times castle . among they , Steve hold the CNN camera on hartman . a young audio tech josh hover nearby . hartman Paula , what start out as a routine rehearsal here at the Dallas medieval Times turn deadly when a employee allegedly turn on he fellow performer . twenty - four hour later , at least thirty employee be still be hold hostage by the assailant , they life hang in the balance . he listen to he earpiece , nod . 32 . hartman the castle you see behind I be one of eight medieval Times dinner theatre restaurant . guest who cross the drawbridge enjoy a medieval style feast while watch the main attraction : knight engage in a battle of strength and skill . the restaurant promise " fun , feast and fight " but it appear that this time , fun be in short supply . a few foot away , angus frantically take note as he talk to a maintenance worker , then slip a piece of paper to hartman . hartman Paula , devastating news just in . we have one confirm death - a andalusian - a purebred Spanish horse . one of many that perform in the show , and the first innocent victim of a rogue knight 's rage ... he take a moment to fake compose himself , barely get the word out . hartman at time like this , I like to think there 's a heaven just for horse . a roll meadow , lush grasses , unlimited supply of ... that thing horse like to lick - or be that cow ? nevertheless , a beautiful , peaceful place . he turn and look toward to the medieval Times . hartman May you long roam in that heaven , noble horse - angus hand he another note . hartman scan it , instantly kill the fake anguish . hartman but not quite yet . we be the first to report , the horse be not dead , Paula . not dead . the horse be alive and well after have merely faint , as it be train to do for the show . one happy , bless miracle ... ( more ) 33 . hartman ( cont would ) while a derange madman continue to hold the life of he coworker in he deprave hand . and they be out . a piss off hartman pull out he earpiece . hartman dammit , angus . get it a bit closer to right before you hand it to I . josh move in , remove hartman 's mic . steve but then we would not have hear about horse heaven . josh and angus laugh . hartman it 's that kind of genius that win I the Southeast Idaho Christian family Coalition 's journalist of the Year award , you ingrates . int . greyhound bus - night the bus be full . most passengers sleep . Mary sit in the aisle seat of the first row , a burly man in he 60' beside she . the light above they seat illuminate the crossword puzzle he 's work on . Mary look over he shoulder , point to the blank space in he puzzle . mary omaha ... Einstein ... cholera ... grenade ... bach ... oui ... potbelly ... oreo . the man drop the crossword , glare at she . mary sorry . she look away , start bite she nail , then spot a sign on the freeway , call - out to the Driver and anybody else who will listen . mary bessemer , Alabama ! name after Sir Henry bessemer , a Brit . guess what he do ? perfected the way steel be make , of course . ( more ) 34 . mary ( cont would ) I will not bore you with the whole story , just the best part , like how it involve molten pig iron which do not , as one might think , have anything to do with pig . it 's actually a raw iron make from iron ore , plus limestone , plus coke - and by coke I mean the carbonaceous residue , not the cola , or the booger sugar . Mary look around for a response -- nothing . mary you know what else be in bessemer ? the city , I mean ? Hitler 's typewriter . it 's crazy , I know . that guy be such a asshole . the Driver 's eye glaze over . please let this and . ext . rest stop - night the bus pull into the rundown rest stop . int . greyhound bus - night the Driver look at the passenger . most of they be still sleep . driver we will just take five minute here . he step off the bus . Mary turn to the man next to she . mary can you watch my stuff ? he glare at she -- you have get to be kid . Mary grab she backpack and kroger bag and step off the bus . int . rest stop - night Mary walk into the restaurant , head toward the lady room . on she way , she spot a television behind the counter . a few diner watch . Mary join they . on the tv : " medieval time hostage crisis " . 35 . hartman ( on tv ) perhaps the great obstacle the hostage negotiator face be the suspect 's refusal to communicate use modern day technology . in keep with he role as a medieval knight , he 's insist on a eleventh century messenger to deliver all communication . the screen split with a female news anchor . anchor what be we talk about here , hartman ? carrier pigeon ? mary home pigeon . a few of the diner overhear . hartman actually , home pigeon . the diner look at Mary . mary carrier pigeon , despite they name , be more or less useless when it come to actually carry anything . home pigeon be better for messenger work ... the diner lose interest . Mary catch the eye of a wanderer at the end of the counter . he 's hang on she every word . mary you know who use they all the time ? genghis Khan . love the pigeon , scared to death of pooches though . the wanderer just stare at she . mary you know , dog , canine , de honden ? still nothing . she look back at the tv . 36 . anchor have the negotiator locate any home pigeon ? where do you even get they in this day and age ? hartman you can buy they on the internet for twenty - five buck a pop . Mary look at the diner , smile , point to the tv . mary my boyfriend be probably hold that camera right now . the diner ignore she and just eat they pie . Mary realize the time , run out of the rest stop . ext . rest stop - night Mary run out into the parking lot . the bus be go . mary crap ! crap , crap , crap ! she look down the road -- no sign of the bus anywhere . she take she paper bag out of she pocket , breathes into it . a truck driver pass she with coffee in hand , on he way to he rig . mary do you know when the next bus to Dallas go through here ? truck driver can not say I do . mary I miss mine . she breathes double time into the paper bag . he take pity on she . truck driver I be head that way . he point to he truck . Mary look at the truck , look at he , look at the truck , think about it for a long time . 37 . with no sign of a answer forthcoming , the truck Driver keep walk to he rig . when he 's just about there , Mary yell out to he . mary you ever kill animal ? he look at she , surprised but amused . truck driver Road kill ? mary set a garbage can full of kitten on fire or anything like that ? now he 's disturb . truck driver no . mary human ? truck driver would I tell you if I do ? mary touche , sir . touche . Mary think some more . truck driver wait for the next bus if that suit you . he climb into the truck . Mary run to catch up with he . mary do you have a .light ? match , Zippo , blow torch , et al ? truck driver afraid not . mary May I see you license ? why not . he pull he license out of the visor , flash it . Mary step up and grab it , look at it closely . mary norman James durwood . 38 . she reach up and shake he hand . mary Mary magdalene horowitz . truck driver / norm good to meet you ... I think . still hold the license , she dig in she kroger bag , pull out a large black magic marker . she push up she sleeve and write norm 's license number in huge print down she arm . mary norm , if you be go to rape and murder I , you will have to cut I up into a million chunks and scatter I all over four state , otherwise this appendage - she hold she arm up , show he . mary will lead homicide detective right to you . she smile at he warmly , put the marker back in she bag . mary and you already tell I you do not have a light to burn the flesh off . norm can not believe this . before he can say a word , Mary move around to the passenger side , hop up into the truck . she notice some snack on the dash . mary Moon pies ! want to go halfsies ? at a loss , norm motion for Mary to help herself . as she unwrap a pie , he reluctantly start up the truck . ext . medieval time - dallas - night Steve reload he battery camera at the rental van . angus look over paperwork . angus Rebecca want you to come for dinner when we be back home . her cousin from Florida - 39 . steve forget it . angus what ? steve it 's a set up . angus she 's hot . steve I do not care . never again . my mom set I up with this chick - angus you let you mother set you up ? what the hell be wrong with you ? there 's a commotion in the distance . every photographer on the grounds focus on the castle . Reporters jump into position . hartman touch up he make - up , root through he bag . he yell out to Steve , angus and josh . hartman which one of you bastard hide my bronz shimmer ? the police surround the castle take aim . Dead silence as the medieval Times drawbridge lower . a knight walk out , arm raise as high as he squeaking armor will allow , which be not very high , but high enough to get the point across -- surrender . int . norm truck -- night norm drive as Mary drone on while flipping through a truck repair manual . mary and my other rule about crossword puzzle be this . no pencil . do a crossword with a pencil be like scream with you lip duct tape together . it 's weak . ( more ) 40 . mary ( cont would ) if you be go to do a crossword , you should do it fearlessly , with abandon , and with a pen . I prefer a medium tip , feel , blue - norm quiet time might be good right about now . mary oh . she think about it , whisper . mary do you mean quiet as in softly hushed like this ? or do you mean quiet , as in silent ? he nod . Mary squeeze she lip together , hold they . it last for about a second . mary norm ? norm what ? mary thanks for not raping I . norm my pleasure . ext . route 20 - day as the sun come up , norm 's truck drive into Dallas . ext . medieval time - dallas - day norm 's truck drive away , leave Mary stand on the side of interstate 35 . she look across the road to the medieval Times -- it 's completely desert . mary eight letter word for " screw " . Mary cross to the medieval Times parking lot , step over the police line blow in the wind . mary f-a-s-t-e-n-e-d. fasten . 41 . she look around . there 's nobody for mile . mary ( v.o. ) that 's what 's great about crossword , and life . every once in a while , you get a surprise . she head back to the interstate , start walk . int . bus station - day Mary walk past tv in the bus station tune to Fox News . on every screen - image of a upset woman dodging press to get through the door of Children 's Hospital , Oklahoma City . the screen caption : " the fight for baby Peggy " . ext . CITY STREET -- day Mary talk on a pay phone . mary all road lead to Oklahoma , papa . int . horowitz house - day Mary 's parent share the phone . mr. horowitz last time I check , freeway 20 still head right back here . ext . CITY STREET - day Mary continue on the phone . mary my road , dad . my road . you do not commit to a relationship and then give up because you would rather be at home curl up in front of the fireplace with a thesaurus . this be what people be suppose to do - go out on a limb for love . my limb just happen to be in Oklahoma . it 's only 850 mile away from home . no big deal . ( more ) 42 . mary ( cont would ) just think of this like the time I go to girl scout camp , except for the part where I get kick out . this time , no unsupervise butane experiment be go to ruin the adventure , I swear . int . horowitz house - day Mrs. horowitz hang up the phone . Mr. horowitz walk to the tv , turn it on , flip station . mr. horowitz Oklahoma . image of the Oklahoma hospital vigil be everywhere . caption like " break News : baby Peggy " flash across the screen . ext . oklahoma CITY children' hospital - day dozen of local and national news van line the street surround the hospital . a long line of news crew , view of the hospital 's admit entrance behind they . at one end of the line , a male koco ( Oklahoma ) reporter talk to camera . koco reporter eleven month ago , the child we have come to know as baby Peggy be bear with a extremely rare birth defect , a third leg . shortly after the birth , she parent misty and Bill dunlevy separate . now with joint custody , one parent want the baby to keep the third leg , the other want it go ... a few foot away , a female fox news reporter be on camera . fox news reporter after month of legal wrangle , a judge have order in favor of the mother . amputation surgery be schedule for Wednesday but the father , Bill dunlevy , be not about to give up . as he lawyer work to secure a injunction , the devote father rally public support for the extra limb . 43 . at the end of the long line of news crew , Steve have the camera on hartman . hartman ( reading ) " God would not have give my child the third leg if he do not want she to keep it . " but for now , the fate of that precious child 's third leg be the hand of a judge ... this be hartman Hughes report , live from Oklahoma City . Steve signal they have cut , lower he camera . hartman call out to angus . hartman what if next time I say baby Peggy be like the wishbone of she parent ' dispute ? hartman act out a wishbone pull . Steve 's disgust . steve yeah , go ahead and suggest that . corbitt will love it . Steve turn and look toward the edge of the fence off hospital grounds . dozen of protestor be campe out - a sorry assortment of oddball stand at the fence , wave they sign : " spare the leg " , and " honor the father " . many of they carry drawing of a three legge baby wear a halo . Steve brace himself and head for the crowd . half way across , he spot a loner walk from the parking lot . he 's 35 , chubby , he shirt buttone one button off so it hang lower on the leave . this be howard . in one hand : a pro-leg sign . in he other hand : a carton of chocolate milk . Howard stop to lick up the chocolate milk spilling all over he arm . Steve catch up with he . steve mind if I ask you a few question on camera ? howard I ? steve how do you feel about what 's go on here ? 44 . Steve shoulder he camera , focus in on Howard 's sign . it 's a impressively detailed draw of a judge yanking a baby 's third leg off . howard I have not make up my mind yet . both party have valid argument . ext . 13 th STREET - day hospital staff , protestor and the curious public approach the hospital grounds . a taxi inch through the crowd . it barely stop when Mary leap out like she 's late for a yanni concert . ext . oklahoma CITY children' hospital - day Mary step onto the hospital grounds and look all around she - news crews circulate , patient and staff walk in and out of the hospital , protestor line the fence . somewhere in the middle , she find what she 's hunt for -- Steve . Mary 's face light up and she start run toward he - in she mind , no doubt in slow motion , with cloud parting to light she way . Steve 's attention be draw away from the interview with Howard . he spot Mary run toward he , arm outstretch . steve please God , no . he look for a place to hide but she 's run ridiculously fast . it 's too late . she 's only a few foot away . mary Steve ! she jump into he arm but he 's only get one arm free and be not about to use it to catch she . she slide down he leg to the ground but quickly pick herself up . mary I be here ! surprise ? steve surprise ? 45 . mary astounded , flabbergasted , bushwack - he pull Mary off to the side , away from everybody . steve what be you do ? mary talk to you . and notice how the Oklahoma climate agree with you complexion . steve tell I you do not come all the way here just to see I . mary of course not ... I go to Dallas look for you first . and you know why ? Steve grab he head . this be not happen . mary because you be inimitable and I be intransigent . steve no , we be not . I do not know what that mean but trust I . we be so not . mary it mean you be awesome and I be unstoppable . steve great . listen , Mary , you seem like a nice girl , and the ten minute we spend together be -- mary mind blow . at a complete loss , he just go along . steve sure , but I be work here . work . 46 . Mary point to the partially hide side door of the hospital . a man with he face cover , in a nurse 's uniform and dress shoe , sneak out the door unnotice . mary I know . I be just here to support you , show you I care , and also ask why you be not follow that guy pretend to be a nurse but obviously not wear sterilizable , non-slip footwear . Steve look toward the hospital , spot the man . mary if I be baby Peggy 's dad , that 's how I would avoid the press too . Steve take off run . Mary yell out to he . mary I will be right here in case you want to make out later on ! Steve look back , a bunch of people stare . Mary wave to he then watch until he 's out of sight . a security guard approach she . security guard miss , if you want to be here , you be go to have to stay behind the fence . Mary turn to see what he 's point at - the grow crowd of protestor off in the distance . they wave they sign around , cry , sing and sway together , they painful song barely audible from afar . protestor near , far , wherever you be , we believe that the leg should stay on ... Mary watch , paralyze with awe , like see herself in the mirror for the first time ever . at last , she have find she people . 47 . ext . oklahoma protestor camp - day a overweight 30ish woman elizabeth ( who should not be wear that low rise pants and cropped tee ) light a bunch of candle in the grass behind the protestor fence . she reach the last candle in line just as Mary walk up to join the group . Elizabeth look up at Mary , smile . elizabeth I like you boot . mary thanks . I find they in a alley . Elizabeth look at the boot again , impressed . she stand up . elizabeth be you pro-leg or anti-leg ? mary neither really . elizabeth this be the pro-leg group over here . we be support baby Peggy 's dad in he fight to save the baby 's third leg . she point to the end of the fence off area where only a few protestor hold anti-leg sign : " normal life for baby peggy " , " 3 legs be not better than 2 " . elizabeth that be the anti-legger . they be all for the amputation . mary I be just here because my boyfriend be work the story . he 's with CNN , the world 's news leader , the most trust name in news , the place where more - elizabeth the pro-legger have better snack . mary I be definitely pro-leg . 48 . Elizabeth smile , hand Mary a candle . int . horowitz house -- night Mr. and Mrs. horowitz watch tv and read at the same time . the tv be on mute --- CNN 's baby Peggy coverage . in the corner of the screen , " amputation countdown - 35 hour " . Shots of the protestor ' candlelight vigil appear on the screen . Mrs. horowitz spot Mary in the crowd , stand next to Elizabeth . she sing and wave she candle around , all the while strain to look for Steve . mrs . horowitz there she be ! abe , look ! there she be right there . Mr. horowitz glance up from he book . mr. horowitz she 's go to set she hair on fire with that candle . mrs . horowitz look , she 's make friend . Mrs. horowitz try not to cry . ext . oklahoma media camp - night at the back door of the rental van , Steve and angus work on laptop . Steve confide in angus , try not to wake up hartman sleep on the back seat . steve she 's on I what , thirty second after meeting I , and the chick will not shut up the whole time . I have to fake a work call , give she the - angus ( imitate Steve ) wherever news go ... 49 . steve I think I be in the clear , then she do this crossword - she work for the citizen - she do this crossword all about I , and as if that 's not crazy enough , she show up here . angus here ? steve over by the fence . Red boot . can not miss she . angus be she hot ? steve Jesus , angus . when a psychotic chick 's swinging a machete at you throat , who care if she 's hot ? angus I have be marry to the same woman for seventeen year . I care . steve crazy , man . the chick be cra-zy . hartman sit up , totally awake and never happier . he point at Steve . hartman priceless ! this be priceless ! Steve cringe . steve Hughes , do not . do not even . ext . oklahoma protestor camp - night a short , 60ish protestor and he protestor wife talk to a Oklahoma Journal record newspaper reporter at the fence . protestor wife all we be say be , wait until baby Peggy can talk and ask she what she want to do with the spare . 50 . Mary listen in while she dispense a hot chocolate from another protestor 's backpack thermos . she finish pour , tap the guy on the shoulder . mary thanks , bruno . he walk away . Mary take a sip of the hot chocolate , burn she mouth . mary crap . she grab she tongue with she finger . hartman appear right in front of she . hartman m'lady . she 's a bit stunne and star strike . he offer he hand . hartman hartman Hughes . Mary let go of she tongue , use she saliva cover hand to shake he . mary Mary . hartman Mary ' . Mary , Mary , Mary . he take he hand back , discretely wipe it on he pants . hartman Steve tell I you be beautiful . he be go on and on and on and on about it . I have to come see for myself . great boot . mary thank y- he put a arm around she , pull she away from the crowd . hartman listen , Mary , I have be work with Steve for about a year now . the guy be like a brother to I . a young protestor recognize hartman . 51 . young protestor hartman Hughes ' . without miss a step , hartman grab a pen from he pocket and autograph the guy 's sign whether he want it or not , then continue on with Mary . hartman Girls follow we around everywhere we go . who do you think they be after ? hartman reflect on it , smile . hartman I , of course I , but every once in a while some of they try to land Steve . it 's true . sure he will go for a few skank here and there but it 's all just a sad attempt to hide he fear . all he want be to love but he 's afraid of open up , afraid of put himself out there , afraid of somebody like you , Mary - yes you - afraid of you break he heart . can you blame he ? she 's a bit stunne and confuse by all of this . mary no ? hartman no ! promise I this . promise you will stick around long enough to help he get over that fear . he tell you to go away , do not . he say he think you be crazy ? you be not . he 's crazy , Mary . crazy not to let down he wall and tell you how he really feel . can I count on you to hang in there no matter what ? mary of course . I do not want to interfere in he work but I just need to be here for he and - he grab she , hug she in so she word be all muffle - and yet she keep talk . 52 . hartman good girl . the security guard walk past , gesture that they should be behind the fence . hartman hold up he press pass to get rid of the Guard , then let go of Mary . he point she toward the protestor , start back away . hartman I will tell Steve to come find you when we wrap for the day . what side be you on ? mary pro-leg . she show he she button feature a cartoon of a very happy three legge baby . hartman laugh . hartman you might want to jump camp . no way they be go let that baby keep the third leg and live like a freak . trust I . he wave and turn around , start head for the press camp . Mary call out to he . mary she would just be like the tree frog . hartman turn around . what ? mary a trematode parasite cause polymely ( that mean extra limb ) in tree frog . it happen all the time . in some pond there 's like a quarter of the tree frog with extra leg . totally natural . hartman look at she like she 's a nutcase . ext . oklahoma media camp - night angus be on he phone as Steve rush to set up he equipment . hartman arrive back at the van . hartman what 's go on ? josh rush to get the mic on hartman . 53. josh the parent of the kid get back together . surgery 's cancel . hartman no amputation ? steve tell I you be not talk to Mary . hartman who ? steve go to hell , Hughes . scan it angus hand hartman the press release . hartman quickly . hartman it 's over ? the kid keep the leg . angus for now . hartman check he tooth in a hand mirror . hartman ' til she get it catch in a car door . ext . oklahoma protestor camp - night News spread around the pro-leg protestor camp . they all start holler with joy . the disappointed anti-leg protestor ditch they sign and storm off . int . horowitz house - night Mr. horowitz be asleep in front of the tv . he wake up as the amputation countdown clock on the news stop . ext . oklahoma CITY children' hospital - night the news crew line the hospital entrance once again . 54 . koco reporter with mere hour to spare , the dunlevy reconcile , agree to halt surgery until baby Peggy be old enough to decide for herself . further down the row of reporter : fox news reporter and while dozen of child fight for they life behind this wall , baby Peggy will not be one of they . with surgery cancel , it 's time for the dunlevy to be a family once again . past a few more news crew , at the end the line , Steve have the camera on hartman . hartman and like the noble tree frog whose extra leg be nothing if not natural , so baby Peggy begin the rest of she three legge life ... this be hartman Hughes report live from Oklahoma City . hartman pull out he ear piece . angus , josh and Steve all look at he , a bit surprised . steve Tree frog ? where do you get this shit ? hartman tap the side of he head -- it 's all up here . hartman a little thing call astutitude , my friend . Steve and angus look at each other -- be that even a word ? ext . oklahoma protestor camp - night Mary celebrate with the other protestor . the protestor and he protestor wife cry tear of joy . Mary pull a tissue out of she bag , hand it over . the husband take it , turn away and wipe he eye . 55 . mary there you go , George . just a little nasolacrimal duct clean . nothing to be ashamed of . Elizabeth run up to Mary , hug she . elizabeth you see ? when you sing loud enough and when you sign be big enough , people listen ! Mary spot some of the news van pull away . mary Steve ! elizabeth go , go on . I will watch you stuff . Mary drop she bag , run toward the media camp . ext . oklahoma media camp - night josh pull the back door of the van shut . int . rental van - night angus at the wheel , hartman in the passenger seat . in the back , Steve nervously look out the window . josh get in next to he . angus start drive slowly across the grass behind other news van . Steve finally relax . ext . rental van - night as the van drive , Mary run to catch up . mary Steve ! steve ! int . rental van - night hartman spot Mary in the rear view mirror . hartman angus , hold up . 56 . Steve see what hartman 's look at . steve no , go . fast. hartman roll down he window . steve do not . hartman stick he head out the window . steve Hughes , I swear I will kill you . hartman wave to Mary to catch up . angus see she in the mirror as he drive . angus be that she ? she 's hot . steve angus , come on man , get I out of here . angus she 's really hot . steve who care ? Jesus , you guy - angus hit the brake . Steve hide behind the seat just as Mary catch up with the van . hartman hi beautiful . Mary try to get a look at Steve but can only see part of he back hunch over behind the seat . mary Steve ? be you okay ? be he okay ? angus lean over to she window . angus I do not think we have meet . angus . Mary shake angus ' hand . he can not take he eye off she . hartman Steve 's not feel well . 57 . mary oh no . hartman I be sure he will be fine by the time we get to New Mexico . angus you eye be strike . Steve punch he through the seat . Mary 's oblivious . mary thank you . hartman Steve really want you to follow we . it would mean a lot to he . stays Steve cringe , go to speak up but stop himself and hide . hartman he be go to go ask you himself but look at the poor bastard . so sick he can not even sit up straight . mary what if it 's a viral zoonotic disease ? he should see a doctor . hartman exactly what I tell he , but the only person he want touch he infect flesh be you . Mary look at Steve , worried . mary but wait , what if - up . hartman grab she face , squish she lip to shut she hartman hey now , we need you to be strong for he . leachinan trial , Santa Fe , can you remember that ? Mary nod , unable to speak . hartman we will meet you there , God willing . 58 . he let go of she face . mary will you take care of he ? hartman like he 's my own . she back away from the window . angus wave to she and start drive . angus nothing wrong with that one . josh except for that boot . steve you be a asshole , Hughes . hartman laugh . ext . rental van - night Mary watch the van drive away . ext . oklahoma protestor camp - night only a few protestor remain . abandon sign and garbage cover the grass . Elizabeth get autograph from other protestor like it 's the last day of high school . Mary run up , grab she bag . mary Elizabeth ! I have to meet Steve at he next job , in New Mexico . he 's sick , not as in rad , although he be that too , but more like unwell , infirm , perhaps barfy . hopefully nothing serious but you never can be too sure and besides , healthy or not , he need I . elizabeth sign my book before you go ? Elizabeth hand she the ratty hand decorate book and a pen . 59 . mary the trip 's not too long , right through all kind of interesting site like , for example , El santuario de chimayo : the lourd of America . know what that be ? a sacred sand pit near a burrito stand . what could be better than that ? Mary look away from Elizabeth , fidget a bit . mary want to go ? unless you be busy , I mean . you probably have something better to do . Elizabeth think about it . elizabeth not really . Mary be stunne . she take a minute to realize it 's real , get excited . from behind she : howard ( o.s. ) I will go too . Mary turn around and spot Howard . elizabeth Mary , have you meet Howard ? Mary shake she head . Howard offer he hand . it 's get dry chocolate milk all over it . she take it . elizabeth Mary , Howard . Howard , Mary . Mary , Howard 's get a car , you know . he can drive we . Mary look at he , think about it . mary what kind of car do you have ? howard plymouth colt . mary what year ? 60 . howard eighty-nine . Mary quickly scan she memory . mary replace the recall seat belt ? howard yes . Mary think about it , smile . mary let 's grab souvenir ! Elizabeth and Howard each pick up a baby Peggy sign off the ground . Mary grab as many as she can hold -- way , way too many . a bunch of they slide off but she persevere . mary ( v.0 . ) here 's something you never see in crossword , two letter word , and thank goodness for that . the word " go " : not fun . the word " vamoose " : super fun . you see ? crossword be just like life in that way - they be only boring if you have no sense of adventure . int . howard be car - night Howard start the car . in the passenger seat , Elizabeth have a bunch of the protest sign cramme in at she foot . Mary get settle in the back seat , spot a copy of Scientific american magazine , then find a apple stick behind the seat belt . she yank the apple out , look at it . Howard look at she in the rear view mirror . howard you can have that . I have more . mary thanks . Mary put the apple in she kroger bag . mary Howard , if you get sleepy and want to trade off drive for a while , just wake I up and I will take over . ( more ) 61 . mary ( cont would ) I be a night owl , yes , but I be also a day owl too , a burrow owl , technically . they stay awake all day too . I be pretty much alert 24 / 7 , always have be . no caffeine . just sugar and my natural tendency to , you know , never fall asleep . Mary lean back , close she eye , and she 's out . ext . i- 40 - night Howard 's car merge onto the highway , westbound toward New Mexico and into the night . Mary sleep talk in the back . mary persimmon . aka , the mabolo , the date - plum , the velvet apple . genus : diospyros . ext . santa fe federal court house - day a media extravaganza - local , national and this time , international news team . a reporter for Inside edition talk on camera . inside edition reporter this tragedy begin eight month ago in what be once paradise - the elysium sanctuary outside of taos , New Mexico . for year , celebrity consider the five star meditation resort the only true place for spiritual purification , and with good reason . nestled in the heart of reclaim pueblo indian land , the elysium sanctuary promise one thing - enlightenment . a court tv reporter be on camera a few foot away . court tv reporter but the elysium sanctuary would never be the same after tragedy strike last winter . twenty -six year old resort masseuse Juan carlos velasquez find stab to death in the meditation villa of beloved star of stage and screen , cloris leachman . 62 . a bit further down the 'line of reporter , a extra ! reporter be on camera . extra ! reporter publicist for the eighty year old leachman insist she relationship with the decease velasquez be no different than with the dozen of other resort personnel attend to Ms. leachman during she solitude retreat . at the end of the row , hartman report . hartman but the octogenarian leachman may not have be as innocent as she representative claim , at least accord to the evidence find at the murder scene . hartman read from he note . hartman whip , hot wax , bamboo skewer , a spanking bench , and perhaps most damaging , a henna tattoo across Ms. leachman 's chest that read " Mrs. Juan carlos velasquez " . ext . santa fe federal court house - day Elizabeth , Mary and Howard step onto the curb and survey the crowd . on one side , a odd assortment of fan with sign like " free cloris " , " jail real criminals , not old lady " and " oscar winners don't kill " , with photo of cloris leachman through the year . on the other side of the crowd , a smaller group of mexican mourner with sign " justice for juan " , " guilty " , and " let the bitch fry " . howard guilty or not ? they all think about it . a greasy haire shaman clyde step up behind they . 63. clyde everybody deserve the benefit of the doubt . he look at Mary , smile . clyde everybody . as he join the leachman fan , Mary think about it . mary be have a point . elizabeth yay ! I love cloris leachman . howard who do not ? mexican mourner jmuerte ! imuerte ! imuerte ! mary I have to go find Steve . how do I look ? unwash hair , bed head , and there 's a chunk of a twinkie cake onto Mary 's ear . Elizabeth pick the twinkie off , smooth down Mary 's hair . elizabeth perfect . mary I will be back . save I a sign ! and if cloris come out , tell she I love she in " my Little pony : the Movie " . Mary run off as Howard and Elizabeth join the crowd of fan . ext . santa fe federal court house - media camp - day Mary walk among the news van . at the entrance to a nearby tent , hartman spot she , wave she over . hartman hi gorgeous . what would you do to you hair ? 64 . mary slept on it in the car . where 's Steve ? be he okay ? hartman never better . come in and wait . he will be back soon . int . media tent - day a briefing area be set up - fold chair , table , podium . a bunch of male journalist sit around the table play poker - Vince ( CNN ) , doug ( CNN ) , the court tv reporter , a BBC news photographer , a french photographer , a spanish journalist and angus . hartman escort Mary in . the guy perk up a bit . hartman you all know Mary ? Steve 's girlfriend ? Mary shake hand around the table , greet they all in they native tongue . mary hello ... bonjour ... hola ... jolly afternoon ... she get to angus . he kiss she hand . angus my dear , sit . he shove the BBC guy out of the way to make room for Mary next to he . Vince shuffles the card . vince Mary , you in ? mary poker ? technically I be familiar but I have never actually play . with people , I mean . spanish journalist she 's in . Doug throw in some cash as Vince start to deal . 65 . ext . santa fe federal court house - spectator area - day Howard wander through the crowd wear a " I V cloris " t- shirt over he own . he pass a vendor sell " innocence bead " , " acquittal incense " and " autograph " cloris leachman photo . the crowd continue to grow . a candle be light , heal ritual perform , donut pass around . int . media tent - day Mary hold she card close to she . mary " there be few thing that be so unpardonably neglect in we country as poker . " guess who say that one . she look around the table . the guy , except angus , be start to lose they patience . mary Mark twain . and you know what else - BBC news photographer darling , you in or not ? mary sorry . Mary look at she card , think about it for way too long , then grab a handful of coin from she kroger bag , slap they on the table . mary send it , lady ! Steve step into the tent , spot Mary , turn to run back out . hartman do not go , Steve ! look who 's here . Mary jump up - just about knock the table over , then sustain a number of injury try to leap over chair . at last she make it to Steve , hug he . mary thank God you be okay ! 66 . he look over she shoulder and mouth " you be dead " to hartman . to he hold she back at arm 's length , look at she , go speak then stop himself , pull she outside the tent . ext . media tent - day Steve try to stay calm talk to Mary . steve you have to stop stalking I . mary I be not . it 's more like pick travel destination base on where you happen to be work . steve stalk . mary hartman tell I you want I here . now that I be , what better opportunity for we to get to know each other better . steve this be crazy . mary hartman say you would say that . steve go home , Mary . mary and he say you would say that too . it 's just you fear talk . Steve just about lose it . steve he 's not my friend , he 's not you friend . he 's just a asshole who think it 's fun to string you along and make my life hell . he yell toward the tent . steve Hughes ! get out here ! 67 . Mary look right at he . mary you know how sometimes you see a pinguid ( that mean fat and greasy ) guy with a attractive girl and you think how the heck do he pull that off ? people will not think that when they look at we . we be perfectly match . she can hardly contain she excitement . steve hughes ! hartman peek out of the tent . hartman for the hundredth time , Steve , no , I be not interested in a threesome with you and you new girlfriend . Steve point to Mary . steve tell she the truth . about all the crap you tell she . hartman okay . Fine . hartman go to Mary , grab she hand . hartman everything I say about Steve , about he feeling for you , he hope , he dream , he fear , he unexplainable odor , forget about it . forget everything I say . none of it be true . Mary 's stunne , devastate . she look like she 's go to cry . hartman and Steve look at each other - what now ? hartman shove he forward . Steve reluctantly put a comforting hand on she shoulder . hartman because nothing I say come close to the enormity of Steve 's real feeling for you ! 68 . Mary perk up . Steve yank he hand off she shoulder like it 's on fire . hartman it 's a love that defy word ! Steve jump he . hartman fight back . Mary 's horrify . mary stop it , you guy ! stop ! " Victory attain by violence be tantamount to a defeat , for it be momentary . " you know who say that ? Gandhi . and I . just now . the fight continue . Mary half cover she eye . int . media tent - day at the poker table , the guy hear scuffling outside . BBC news photographer fight ! they all jump up and run out of the tent . ext . media tent - day Steve get a few jab to hartman as the rest of the guy calmly watch . vince Nice one . BBC news photographer somebody 's go to be cry in a minute . angus hug Mary to " console " she . hartman get Steve in a headlock . Mary can not even watch . spanish journalist I be go to go with Hughes on this one . vince come on , the guy wear makeup . the guy all start pull out cash to place bet . Mary spot the cash change hand . 69 . mary no ! this be not about money ! it 's about courage , love , honor and all thing virtuous and pure . Steve , kick he in the leberknoedel ! hartman look up at she , hurt . the distraction cost he . Steve knee he then follow with a jab to he face . journalist ohhhh ! hartman drop to he knee , try to pull himself together . steve tell she ! hartman okay , alright . hartman wipe he lip , look up at Mary . hartman Mary , million of people believe what I tell they every night . why should not you ? Steve dive at he . hartman swing and get he right in the nose . one of they cell phone ring , then another , then all the guy ' phone go off . angus verdict 's in . they all rush off to the court house , leave a stunne Mary stand alone . mary he fight for I . happiest moment of she life . ext . santa fe federal court house - day the crowd cheer as cloris leachman be whisk out of the court house and into a police car . she wave to she fan as she go . the Court tv reporter be on camera . 70 . court tv reporter the end to a difficult and often emotional trial , the verdict finally in , cloris leachman find not guilty of the murder of she twenty - six year old lover Juan carlos velasquez . down the row of journalist , the BBC crew . BBC journalist after a devastating eight month , leachman at last vindicate despite overwhelming evidence against she . six more camera down , the french reporter . french reporter ( subtitled ) eyewitness testimony , fingerprint on every inch of the body , the murder weapon still warm in she chanel handbag - and finally at the end of the line , hartman - he hair a mess , he lip cut , he mood sour . a few foot away filming , Steve 's nose bleed down he chin and shirt . hartman and as she leave the court room today a free woman , the cheer of she devote fan carry she forward - mary ( o.s. ) oh my GOD , steve , you're bleeding ! the camera be knock out of position as Mary rush Steve . angus step in and pull she away . a cop grab she . Mary look back to Steve as she 's drag back to the fan area . mary please ! somebody help he ! apply a vasoconstrictor , a nasal tampon , anything ! at the absolute least , direct pressure and a clean tissue ! Steve put the camera back in place . hartman recover fast . 71 . hartman as you can see , cloris leachman 's fan have become surprisingly violent despite she victory here today . add this to the list of the most dangerous location for journalist . Iraq , Somalia , Lebanon , Sri Lanka ... and just about any place cloris leachman fan gather . hartman wipe blood from he lip . hartman hartman Hughes put he life at risk to report live from Santa Fe , New Mexico . they cut . hartman grab a hand mirror , point to he face , yell out to Steve . hartman this be my gift , understand , my instrument . make no difference if you be walk around look like quasimodo . ignoring hartman , Steve walk over to angus . steve how long do you figure until - Steve 's phone ring . he cringe , answer it . int . CNN atlanta - day a furious corbitt hold the phone and replay the live shot of hartman at the court house . mary ( o.s. , on tv ) oh my GOD , steve , you 're bleeding !... oh my GOD , steve , you're bleeding !... oh my GOD , steve , you're bleeding ! corbitt who the hell be that ? ext . santa fe federal court house - day Steve hesitates on the phone . 72 . steve this girl . she 's be follow I ... she 's not my girlfriend ... he listen , clenches he tooth , hand the phone to angus . as angus listen , Steve grab he equipment , wait in dread . angus hang up the phone , hand it back to Steve . steve I be do ? angus consider yourself temporarily save by the storm . it 's worse than they think . we have get to move . Steve grab he equipment . they start walk . angus he will probably fire you after . steve any luck , the storm will kill I first . ext . santa fe federal court house - fan camp - day Elizabeth run around hugging other fan as Mary stand at the fence watch the press wrap up , worried . clyde the shaman join she at the fence , look right at she , raise a finger to he lip . clyde shhhh . mary what ? I do not - clyde shhhh . he put he hand on the side of she head . Mary 's confuse and a bit freak out . clyde in here . so loud . always think , think , think . Mary go to speak , stop herself . clyde keep he hand still on she head , look into she eye . 73. clyde you already find what you be look for . Mary 's eye soften and she 's suddenly calm . a moment of peace . suddenly , Mary spot hartman , Steve and angus rush past . she break away from clyde , rush along the fence to catch up . mary wait ! Steve ! hartman spot she . hartman sorry , darling , we be on to the next story . mary no , wait ! attendee ! she run to the end of the fence , jump it , run after they . ext . santa fe media camp - day Mary run to catch up with Steve , angus and hartman as they rush to the truck . mary steve ! steve ! angus and hartman load up the truck as Steve turn back to Mary , seethe . steve consider you probably just cost I my job , maybe you do not want to talk to I right now . mary but I do ! if you be in trouble because of I I can fix it , I can explain to you boss . he or she probably just do not understand we relationship . steve we do not have a relationship . 74 . mary sure we do , it 's just in the pupa stage right now . steve Mary , go home ! she look at he , hurt . steve go home . he jump in the CNN truck as angus start it up . Mary look around , helpless . ext . santa fe STREET - day Mary run to the street behind the CNN truck , stop on the sidewalk . behind she , a run down rep theater -- " all above Eve " on the marquee . as she watch the truck drive away , she panic suddenly turn to resolve . mary six letter word for " over my lifeless , rigormortic and maggot infest , i.e. dead , body be I give up now " ... d-o- G - G - motherfuck -e-d. dogge . she get out she chapstick , liberally apply it , dab a bit on she temple as well . mary normally I do not condone swear . I think it 's something people do when they do not have the vocabulary to express themselves properly , but even I , with my plenitudinous vocab , must admit -- every once in a while , it 's okay to get a bit peppery - int . greyhound bus station - los angele - night Mary talk on a pay phone . no pace , no fidget . she mean business . 75 . mary I get he in trouble , dad . I have to go find he and make it right . there 's three place they could be head . she pull a note pad out of she pocket , look it over . mary for each story , I have work out a equation of potential human casualty , estimate property damage , availability of endlessly repeatable image , with bonus point for anything involve reporter in galoshes . there 's no doubt in my mind . they be head to the storm in Galveston . int . horowitz house - night Mr. horowitz talk on the live room phone , he wife on the hallway phone - they look at each other in exasperation . mr. horowitz enough be enough . you have get to get home , turn in you crossword for next week - mary ( o.s. ) I can not think of work at a time like this ! mrs . horowitz you can not chase that boy any more . if he do not appreciate you it 's ridiculous to - int . greyhound bus station -- los angele - night Mary scream into the phone . mary ridiculous ? Mom ! how many time do you propose to dad ? int . horowitz house - night Mr. and Mrs. horowitz think about it for a second . 76 . mrs . horowitz mr . horowitz twice . Seven time . int . greyhound bus station - los angele - night Mary yell on the phone . passengers start to stare . mary I rest my case ! if you give up the first time dad say no then I would not exist . telling I to give up so soon on my potential husband - to -be , birth father of my twelve future child and adoptive father of my gerbil Carol -- you might as well be say that you wish you have give up too and that you never marry dad and that I would never be bear . be that what you be say ? int . horowitz house - night Mrs. horowitz look at she husband . mrs . horowitz give Steve my best . mr. horowitz be careful . mrs . horowitz and eat ! a biscuit , anything . a v8 would not kill you . ext . greyhound bus station - los angele - night Elizabeth stand at the bus to Oklahoma City , a pile of leachman sign at she foot . Mary approach . mary sure you do not want to come along ? elizabeth I wish , but I only leave enough cat food out for two day . I will miss you guy ! Elizabeth hug they both , jump on the bus . Howard and Mary watch as she struggle to she seat with all the sign . 77 . int . howard be car - parking lot - night Howard and Mary fasten they seat belt . howard this storm could be bad . sure you want to drive into it ? mary how bad could it be ? tnt . CNN atlanta - night the CNN meteorologist point at the map , image swirl around the Gulf Coast . CNN meteorologist Hurricane lorraine , currently rate category four , expect to hit landfall by tomorrow evening . make the situation even more frightening , that area of Texas currently in the midst of its worst tornado season in history . tornado image appear on the map . CNN meteorologist and here 's where it get interesting . a black swarm graphic appear as well . CNN meteorologist add the loom cicada migration to the mix and no one know just how devastating this storm could be . int . weather channel stage - day a weather channel meteorologist talk on camera , completely calm . weather channel meteorologist category four hurricane , a F -3 or " severe " tornado , billion upon billion of cicadas -- collectively now be termed a " category fifteen winge tornadocane " . 78 . int . ktft telefutura tv station - day the Hispanic ktft meteorologist point to the green screen . ktft meteorologist tornadocane . int . kprc houston tv station - day the kprc anchor be on camera . kprc anchor tornadocane . int . klug harlington TX tv station - - day the kluj meteorologist look at he note , try to keep it together , half talk to himself . klug meteorologist God really hate we now . ext . 1-45 to galveston TX - day torrential rain pelt the line of vehicle head north . the only movement in the southbound lane -- Howard 's car . ext . galveston waterfront - day in full rain gear , hartman walk past row of board up business . Steve follow he with the camera . angus , Doug and josh be close behind . the rain be deafen , the wind ridiculous . it 's all hartman can do to stay on he foot . hartman ( yell he head off ) and this time , the warning be hard to ignore . one galvestonian tell we " tornado , we can handle . hurricane we can handle . bug we can handle . put them all together and that 's a storm I do not need to see " . a wise man indeed . something off to the side catch hartman 's eye -- it 's a picnic table blow down the street . 79 . hartman oooh ! get that ! Steve get the shot then pretend to make adjustment to he camera while he discretely scan the area , on the lookout for Mary . int . howard car on 1- 45 to galveston TX - day Howard and Mary can barely see out the window . the car inch along . Mary dig in a kfc bag , take out a handy wipe , start clean she body with it . mary and when I meet Steve , I know right away we have a lot in common . we be both in the media , we both love crossword , we both love word . we both feel this unexplainable connection , no matter how much he instinct might be to fight it . that 's okay . we just have to get to know each other better , that 's all . she use the wipe on she face , get a bit on she lip and the taste be awful . she roll down the window , close she eye and gently stick she face out to rinse with rain water . the car hit a flood patch of the road . a wave of mud wash up and smack Mary right in the face . mary crap . she start the handy wipe bath all over again . a nervous Howard speak up . howard I see Steve talk to you ... he be not very nice . Mary make herself busy put the handy wipe in she kroger bag then look out the window . mary if there 's one thing I learn from crossword puzzle it 's that you can not give up . ( more ) 80 . mary ( cont would ) sometimes you run into a doozy and you think you will never be able to solve it in a million year . if you quit , you be right , but if you stick with it , you will figure it out . eventually . she look at Howard . mary I have to give it one more try . I have to fix the mess I make with he work , then maybe he and I -- for the first time , she do not seem so sure . Howard notice . howard you know what my favorite part of do crossword be ? when you know something you do not think you know . Mary think about it , then turn back to look out the window . mary I too . ext . galveston pier - day hartman stand in the middle of a pier that look moment away from be carry out to sea . Steve shoot from a spot on the pier a few foot closer to shore but not much safer . hartman Paula , this pier be close to the public twenty - four hour ago , and for good reason . Steve inch a bit closer for the shot , he foot unstable . josh move in and hang on to Steve to keep he steady . hartman as I stand here , I can actually feel the structure move under my foot . the only thing between I and the limitless depth of the sea be this two - by-four railing that - the railing fly off . hartman drop to he knee and crawl to the other railing then hang on for dear life . Steve and josh struggle to hang on to the camera and each other . 81 . Steve signal , to hartman to wrap it up fast . hartman talk slower than ever . hartman and Paula I have to tell you , not only have my hearing be permanently damage by the sheer force of the rain hit my eardrum , but at this point , I be beginning to wonder if I will even make it out alive . he raise he head up for the big finish , get hammer by the wind and rain . hartman this be hartman Hughes , report live from Galveston , Texas . Steve and josh start back up off the pier with hartman crawl behind they . Steve yell back to he . steve you have to get the pier shot . have to . just about get we all kill . happy ? hartman point in the water , yell . hartman oh my GOD ! it's mary ! Steve jump , look to where hartman be point -- it 's a plastic bag float by in the water . steve you be such a asshole . Steve walk off the pier mad as hell . hartman come on , that be funny . you have to admit ... stevie ? ext . howard car on 1- 45 to galveston TX - day the northbound lane now empty , Howard 's car be the only one on the road . 82. 1-45 to galveston TX - day int . howard car on Howard stare out the window , the first look of real fear on he face . howard hang on . he hit the brake , start back up as quickly as possible . Mary look ahead -- see what look like a tornado up ahead . mary oh my God . Howard back under a overpass , point to a protect area up the cement embankment . ext . 1-45 overpass - day Mary and Howard run up the cement embankment as the rain and wind swirl all around they . howard we will just have to wait for this to pass , then we will keep go . it will be okay . they look down to the road just in time to see Howard 's car pick up and blow right through the underpass , landing on its side in a ditch fifty yard away . mary crap ! int . horowitz house - night Mr. and Mrs. horowitz watch image of the storm on tv , the caption read " breaking news : killer STORM " . Mrs. horowitz cross herself . Mr. horowitz put a arm around she . mr. horowitz she 's fine . she 's fine . mrs . horowitz this be all you fault . mr. horowitz I know . 83. ext . galveston waterfront - night Steve be asleep sit upright in the back of the rental van . a hand caress he cheek . girl voice Steve ... oh Steve ... Steve awaken in panic . steve go away , go away , go away ! 13 Steve look at the person in front of he -- it 's a scared year old mexican boy . steve who the hell be you ? what be you do ? mexican boy they pay I twenty dollar to wake you . Steve look outside the van , see Doug and hartman laugh hard . the kid scurries out of the van . angus get in , open up he laptop . steve you see she ? angus she 's too smart to come here during this . Steve look around like he 's crazy . steve no , she 's here somewhere . I can feel it . ext . 1--45 overpass - night as the storm calm around they , Howard and a exhaust Mary crouch in the shelter area . they use a little flashlight on Mary 's keychain to watch debris blow by . mary I spy with my little eye a chemical element from group two of the periodic table . 84 . Howard point to a discard firework case at they foot . howard barium ... I spy with my little - eye ... a transition metal she barely have the energy to get the word out . mary cobalt . Mary point to a steel belt tire on the ground , lay back and shut she eye . Howard take something out of he - it 's a pocket , put it in she hand . Mary look at it shrivel , sculpt apple head . she smile , hardly able to keep she eye open . mary mother Teresa . howard my best seller . I be a apple sculptor . she 's quiet for once . Howard watch she drift off . howard I go to school for physics but get bored . now I just make this and sell they on appleheadsrule.com . I be go to give that one to my girlfriend in bangor but I can make she another one . she would probably prefer a Stephen hawking one anyway . Science be she life . not like my girlfriend in Tacoma . she 's really into Jesus . same as my other girlfriend in duluth . he wait for a response - nothing . howard maybe I will meet they in person one day . they be just so far away and I do not get out much , not farther than the apple orchard or the post office anyway . mary but you be out now . he 's a bit surprised she be listen . 85 . howard I see the people on tv fight for baby Peggy . it be not far from my house , and the people there look nice enough , so I go . I think I have everything I need at home but then I think , maybe there 's more . mary maybe there be . howard can I tell you something ? Mary nod . howard I like you eyeball . mary they be fuscous , that mean - howard brownish gray . I know . they both smile . ext . galveston waterfront - day down tree , flood lawn , debris all over the place but all in all , not too bad . ext . 1-45 to galveston TX - day the storm subside , nothing but a light rain . Howard and Mary stand beside the car on its side in the shallow ditch . mary you know what I would call this ? howard quagmire ? mary imbroglio , Howard . that mean we be screw . 86 . int . CNN atlanta - day Dan corbitt talk to another exec . at the water cooler . corbitt Storm 's over . what else be happen ? the exec shrug and yawn . ext . CITY STREET - day a businessman pick up a newspaper , look at the front page - it 's a photo from the westminster Garden show . businessman sloooowww news day . int . the time - picayune newspaper office - day a couple of bored reporter sit tapping pen on they desk . first reporter Fire , a car chase , anything ? second reporter there be nothing go on , man . nada . ext . pastoral field near eunice , louisiana - day 15 deaf kide bounce up a small hill , follow by three female teachers . when they finally reach the top , they all st op . ahead of they , down the hill , the tri-parish Fair - complete with carnival ride , pie contest , music , dance , rodeo and livestock show . teacher ( speak while signing to the kid ) who 's ready for some fun ? the deaf kid start run down the hill , straight for the petting zoo . 87 . just when they be close enough to smell the goat , tground give way from the back and the kid drop out of sight front of the teacher - each kid take tota off have hear the drop behind they . a g lly i ant puf guard , not for dust settles to reveal a gape hole in the earth . the teacher drop they picnic basket and scream they head off . int . rural home - day a messy live room , the tv on , nobody watch it . on the tv : " breaking news - abandoned mine disaster " . CNN anchor a abandon mine shaft on the outskirt of Eunice , Louisiana . the child , apparently all hearing impair , enjoy a trip ' to the county fair , blissfully unaware of the danger that lay ahead . int . fox news stage - day the fox news anchor be on camera . fox news anchor no word yet on injury . no word on when , or if , rescuer will be able to reach the special need child . well continue to bring you news as this tragic story unfold . ext . 1-45 to galveston TX - day as Mary and Howard try to tip the car , Mary be distract by a rental van barrel down the interstate , northbound . int . rental van on 1 - 45 - day Steve drive , hartman be next to he . angus be in the back with Doug and josh . 88. hartman tornadocane my ass . where the hell be the cicadas ? retards in a mine shaft , now that 's a story . steve they be deaf , asshole . they spot Mary and Howard up ahead in the ditch , next to the car on its side . hartman look , it 's you girlfriend . steve we be not stop . hartman grab a piece of paper , write fast . angus we can not just leave they . steve highway patrol 's down here every hour . it 's not like they will rot in the ditch . as they get closer , hartman roll down he window , fold up the piece of paper . steve what the hell be you do ? hartman get some fresh air . it help my pore . Steve try to grab the paper . steve Hughes ! hartman yes , Steven ? steve you be not tell she where we be go . hartman be not I ? 89 . hartman lean out the window with the paper , wave it around . Steve reach for it , one hand on the wheel . as he grab hartman , the truck start swerving . angus Christ , you two . you will get we kill . angus lean into the front seat , try to steady the steering wheel . ext . 1-45 to galveston TX - day Mary spot the rental van approach , swerving - hartman wave a piece of paper out the window . as the van pass by , hartman let the paper go . int . rental van on 1 - 45 - day hartman roll up the window , happy with himself . Steve slug he in the arm . steve asshole ! hartman laugh , rub he arm in pain . ext . 1-45 to galveston TX - day Mary rush to the ditch , pick up the paper . mary " Eunice , Louisiana . please ... " she stop read , look a bit uneasy . Howard step forward , grab the note . howard " please meet ... " he look at Mary , disgust , continue read . howard m-e-a-t . " please meat I there . xo Steve " . mary see ? he need I , if only to help with he spelling . 90 . howard no kid . she rush to the car , Howard join she . they push the car ey with everything they have , it tip back onto its wheel . th jump in the car and start it up . - day ext . tri - parish fair ground security personnel guard the close entrance and turn away piss off fair patron . at the edge of the fair grounds , the ferris wheel cast a shadow over the rescue site . the whole area have be overtaken by rescuer and they equipment . police guard the tape to keep onlooker back . local media circulate . hartman kneel at the back of the ambulance , hold the hand of one of the teacher . Steve get it on camera , all the while look around , a bit paranoid . hartman and what go through you mind when you realize they be go ? the teacher just bawl . hartman turn to the camera . hartman grief too strong for word . that 's the best way to describe this tragic , tragic scene . one minute , a merry day at the fair . the next minute , helpless babe savagely suck into the menace abyss . the teacher bawl even harder . hartman give she a " there there " then continue talk to camera . hartman and here 's how hopeless the rescue look at this moment . the earth surround hole be far too perilous for anybody to approach on foot . move heavy rescue equipment in too close could mean death for the rescuer as well . its cold down there , wet , dark , probably a few snake and rat move around . ( more ) 91 . hartman ( cont would ) if the hearing impair child even survive the fall , they be undoubtedly deal with serious injury , although some may have have they fall cushion by they deaf brother and sister who drop before they . nevertheless , they have get to be in complete misery . even if one they be tell the next " it will be okay " , it 's not like he , or she , can hear a word of it . int . mine shaft - day the coal dust cover kid sit in the dark , totally unharme . a few of they play rock , paper , scissors . other braid each other 's hair . a 8 year old boy sign to he friend . deaf boy ( subtitled ) I do not know what the hell happen but I smell a lawsuit . ext . tri - parish fair ground - public viewing area - day behind the tape off area , a crowd be form . a school bus pull up and drop off a bunch more people . they place they stuff animal , note , flower at the tape barrier . a bunch of they start cry . among they , some familiar face from the Oklahoma protestor . int . tri - parish fair ground - rescue site - day rescuer keep a safe distance from the perilous hole . a rescue supervisor oversee the effort , watch as a bucket be attach to the old crane , barely big enough for one person . a fireman get in the bucket , do not fit . he get out . a skinny fireman be push forward . he get in . the bucket be lower into the ground . hartman jump in front of the scene . Steve follow with the camera . hartman to some , a simple crane . to the trap , innocent , special child -- the answer to they prayer . the cable lowering the bucket jerk and stop . the crowd gasp . hartman stay on camera . 92 . hartman or be it ? the cable jerk and begin move again . hartman only time will tell . through the crowd , Steve see a woman who look like Mary from the back . fie freeze , then realize it 's not she . total relief . - public viewing area - day ext . tri - parish fair ground the crowd , now even larger , wait . - day int . howard car near the fair ground Howard search for a space to park . every inch of the place be pack with car , truck , bus . Mary pray . mary please let that kid be okay . - rescue site - day ext . tri - parish fair ground a line of camera fix on the open to the hole . at the ambulance , the teacher stand wrap in blanket watch , cry . Steve step a bit closer to the hole with he camera . rescuer hey ! buddy ! back it up . Steve back up , refocus on the hole as the cable rise . - it 's one of the kid finally , a smile little face appear be carry up by the fireman . fireman they be all okay ! the rescuer cheer . the teacher bawl . ext . tri - parish fair ground - public viewing area - day the crowd go nut . 93. - rescue site - day ext . tri - parish fair ground hartman jump in front of Steve 's camera . hartman elation here in Louisiana but the danger , far from over as rescuer bring this child up one grubby little face at a time . hartman look off to the side , hold up a finger like he 's try not to cry . he signal Steve to cut . hartman remind I next time to mention Jesus . still on the lookout for Mary , Steve 's not even listen . --- public viewing area - day ext . tri - parish fair ground Mary and Howard run through the crowd . Mary spot George , the protestor from Oklahoma and he wife . mary George , lydia ! what 's go on ? lydia hug she . protestor wife / lydia they get eleven out . all fine , thank God . more come up . - rescue site - day ext . tri - parish fair ground Steve film as the rescue kid be wrap in blanket , the teacher hysterically cry . the fireman bring up another one . as he 's raise to ground level he call out to the rescue supervisor . fireman that 's the last of they ! as he hand the kid to safety , the cable jerk . he get out of the basket just in time before the whole thing - basket and cable -- snap off and drop into the hole . 94 . ext . tri - parish fair ground - public viewing area - day Mary celebrate with the other onlooker as if she forget why she 's there . she glance toward the rescue site and spot Steve on the far side . she get excited all over again , duck under the tape and run toward he . ext . tri - parish fair ground - rescue site - day Steve film hartman . hartman a happy end that 's leave parent across this country wonder - how can I keep my family safe from abandon mine ? be there abandon mine in my backyard ? be my child 's school build on top of a abandon mine ? Steve spot Mary , run toward he . steve no , no , no . hartman and how , oh how , can this death trap be avoid ? Mary drop right into the abandon mine . int . CNN atlanta - day a monitor display the current broadcast : " break News : abandon mine Accident " CNN anchor Mary horowitz . a painful high school photo of Mary appear on the screen . bad hair , bad make - up , ridiculously large smile , unfortunate frilly chemise . int . office - day a guy watch the news on he laptop . 95 . news anchor Mary horowitz . - day int . atlanta citizen newspaper office staff member huddle around the tv . another news anchor Mary horowitz . - media camp - day ext . tri - parish fair ground as all the other journalist scramble , hartman and Steve be a bit stunne . angus join they , put he phone on speaker . corbitt ( o.s. ) shame about you girlfriend in the pit , Steve , but we have get the inside advantage here so let 's use it . Steve shake he head , not impressed . angus take the phone off speaker , step aside to talk to corbitt . Steve 's phone ring . he answer it , listen , cringe . steve Mrs. horowitz . int . horowitz house - day Mrs. horowitz cry into the phone . mrs . horowitz we be come ! tell she to hang on ! Mr. horowitz run down the stair with luggage and Carol the gerbil . ext . tri - parish fair ground - media camp -- day Steve listen to the phone and glare at hartman . steve you and you husband stay put , Mrs. horowitz . ( more ) 96 . steve ( cont would ) they will have she out before you even make it to the airport ... she will be fine . I promise . he hang up , look at hartman . steve she better be . hartman look away , guilty . int . mine shaft - day complete darkness . Mary 's voice full of misery . mary eight letter word for ... my life have come to this . there 's a bit of shuffle around in the dark . mary not destiny , that 's only seven letter . not fortuity - that sound more like when good thing happen to people like find a quarter in the sofa or something . I mean the not so great stuff that 's bound to befall some people more than other . fate 's nasty cousin , I mean . suddenly Mary 's face light up with she mini keychain flashlight . mary f-o-r-e-d-0-0-m. foredoom . a Mary shine the light on she knee . her previous cut be now gape wound , blood be all over the place . mary crap . ext . tri - parish fair ground - public viewing area - day State trooper hold back the grow crowd . Howard look toward the rescue site , worried . he try to sneak under the rope but a State trooper point he back . 97 . - rescue site - day ext . tri - parish fair ground near the hole , the rescue supervisor consult with the other rescuer and a mine safety expert . rescue supervisor the new equipment be go to take a while . let 's try and find out what kind of shape we victim 's in . rescuer can we lower a phone down in there ? mine safety expert not at that depth , this whole area be bad enough above ground . we will never get a signal down there . rescue supervisor let 's keep it simple . get I a flashlight , a piece of paper and a pencil . a unenthusiastic hartman step in front of the camera , the rescuer in the shot behind he . Doug film . hartman go to speak but can not seem to summon he on air personality . hartman behind inc ... oh what 's the point ? hartman walk away mope . ext . tri - parish fair ground - media camp - day Steve pace . angus hang up the phone . angus corbitt want you to go on air to talk about Mary . a interview with the boyfriend . steve I be not she boyfriend ! angus Close enough . come on , we need this . hartman step up , listen in . 98 . angus Fox have already get they hand on everything but she panty size . hartman Fox scoop we ? we Mary ? the bastard . Steve glare at he . int . fox news - day a retired mine supervisor comment as a graphic show the cross section of the mine . as he talk , the graphic animate with a female figure in red boot tumble into the mine and bounce off the wall all the way down -- and it play over and over . retired mine supervisor that area be never reinforce up above , no need since the whole eastern tunnel be block off in the late seventy . of course that would also affect the air quality down there . anchor that have to be bad news for Mary horowitz , would not you say ? retired mine supervisor definitely not look good . int . horowitz house - day Mr. horowitz snap the tv off , furious and worried . a upset Mrs. horowitz crack open the curtain , look outside . mrs . horowitz who be this people ? int . horowitz house - day a slick , young journalist stand on the sidewalk in front of the horowitz house . 99 . slick journalist Mary horowitz , describe by that who know she as smart , talkative , very much the girl next door , that be , if the girl next door have a genius level iq . she 's work for eleven year as the crossword constructor for the Atlanta citizen and life right here with she parent . Mr. horowitz open the door a be swarm by Reporters . the slick journalist get right in there . mr. horowitz no , Mary do not live with we . she just come over one day and will not leave , but she have she own place . slick journalist can you comment on the rumor that Mary 's fall into the mine be a suicide attempt ? mr. horowitz that 's ridiculous . not we Mary . the word depression be not in she vocabulary . well , it 's in she vocabulary , obviously , but no , nothing ever get she down . steady as a rock , that one . int . mine shaft - day Mary shine she light around on the wall of the mine . Black soot everywhere , a mine track , abandon equipment . mary I be not afraid . I be not fearful , pusillanimous , nor be I affrighted . suddenly in the light - a face . Mary scream she head off . the face do not budge - it 's a little deaf girl . mary oh my God , they forget one ! you scared the crap out of I . the girl just stare at she . 100 . mary I be sorry , can you hear I , I mean at all ? do you have sensorineural hearing loss or conductive ? " deaf people can do anything except hear . " you know who say that ? Doctor Jordan , first deaf President of gallaudet U. maybe you will go there one day . that be , unless we perish down here . Mary smile . the Little deaf girl just stare back . - day ext . tri - parish fair ground - rescue site a young rescuer arrive with the flashlight , pencil and paper . young rescuer what should we say ? rescue supervisor tell she help be on the way . we just need she to confirm she 's conscious -- here , give I that . the supervisor grab the paper and pencil , scribbles the note , tie it to the flashlight . they look up to the thin nylon rope now in place of the snap cable . the rescue supervisor signal for they to drop it . he attaches the flashlight / note , wave to the crane op . the crane swing over , lower the rope into the hole . int . mine shaft - day Mary talk to the little girl . mary and then there 's black lung disease , also a problem in coal mine . chronic cough , breathlessness , cyanosis - that 's where you skin turn purple -- there 's a clink behind Mary . she turn she light onto the area , see the flashlight and note hang from the thin rope . Mary grab the flashlight , turn it on , read the note . 101 . - rescue site - day ext . tri - parish fair ground at the hole , the crane reel in the rope , swing it away from the hole . they see the note attach , flashlight go . rescue supervisor that 's a good sign right there . the Young rescuer grab the note . rescue supervisor what 's it say ? unfold the rescue team gather around . the Young rescuer the note , read it slowly and loudly . young rescuer " I think you mean , be i conscious , not be I conscience . " rescue supervisor Jesus Christ . young rescuer " conscious mean alert and awake . conscience be you inner morality gauge , you know , the thing that stop you from do bad thing , e.g. kill , steal , harm helpless animal , and whatnot . " rescue supervisor can we leave she down there ? he motion for the rescuer to continue . young rescuer " to answer you question , yes I be conscious . my leg be bleed but I will probably live . " rescue supervisor great . young rescuer " your truly , Mary horowitz . " the other rescuer start to disperse . rescuer " p.s. do anybody lose a little deaf girl ? " 102 . the rescuer stop in they track . rescuer " I find one . she 's fine ... other than not be able to hear , I mean . " int . fox news desk - day " alive ! " splashes across the screen . fox news anchor break news from Louisiana , we have just receive word that abandon mine victim Mary horowitz be alive . tnt . horowitz house - day Mr. and Mrs. horowitz watch the " alive ! " news coverage . Mrs. horowitz cry . Mr. horowitz comfort she . tnt . fox news desk -- day the mine coverage continue . fox news anchor also in the mine , a hearing impair child overlook in the earlier rescue . speculation now as to whether or not Mary horowitz intentionally heave herself into the mine to save the child after rescuer ignore she plea . int . CNN headline news -- day nancy grace be lock and load . nancy grace they miss a child ? they miss a child ? can not this people count ? thank goodness for this woman , this Mary horowitz - let 's bring up that picture of she again . the picture of Mary appear on the monitor . 103 . nancy grace we be look at a american hero , folk . it it be not for Mary horowitz , the child would have never be find . ext . tri - parish fair ground - media camp - day Steve , hartman , Doug and josh breathe a sigh of relief . steve thank Christ . now if they can only get she out of there . angus hang up he phone . angus corbitt want you on in five . Steve see he have no choice . he nod . hartman put a arm around he . hartman I will be gentle . - day ext . tri - parish fair ground - rescue site the rescue supervisor talk to the mine Safety expert . rescue supervisor we have get the whole country watch now , can not afford any more mistake . the crane from Shreveport be a wash . we be look at as much as sixteen hour to bring the other one in . mine safety expert sixteen hour ? if we have get carbon monoxide - rescue supervisor there 's air come in through the top . mine safety expert even at a concentration of 5 ppm , they could suffocate ... we do not have sixteen hour . 104 . the rescue supervisor look toward the hole , of the severity and hopelessness of they situation show on he face . rescue supervisor let 's at least get some food and water down there . the rope we have get on there now will handle a small load -- if that damn crane hold . he look up at the old crane , worried . mine safety expert Gas mask , oxygen supply , how long ? the rescue supervisor point around the area - look where we be . rescue supervisor as fast as we can get they here . mine safety expert might not be soon enough . int . fox news - day - this the retired mine supervisor be back with a new graphic time a image of adult and child sit in the mine as gas swirl around they and they eventually slump down onto the mine floor . it play on a loop . retired mine supervisor they be pretty much do . ext . tri - parish fair ground - public viewing area - night as night fall , the crowd at the fence start lighting and candle , pass they around . among they , George , lydia , now carlos , the backpack dispense hot cocoa guy from Oklahoma . they all look on , worried . Howard stand at the barrier look more worried than anybody . Elizabeth push through the crowd to he . she 's wear red rubber boot . elizabeth Howard ! she hug he . 105 . howard she will be okay . she will . Howard look behind he at the ever grow crowd . howard all this . for she . he manage a sad smile . ext . time square - night the headline " Mary watch " be broadcast on a mammoth screen over Times Square . int . train station - night passengers be glue to a news ticker that read " mary watch , rescue uncertain " . ext . loading dock - night even edition newspaper be load onto a truck . on the front page - " Mary watch " . int . 24 hour laundromat - night a pair of laundry sorter be glue to the Mary watch coverage on tv . fox news anchor the question on everybody 's mind tonight be , who be Mary horowitz ? Atlanta affiliate waga look into the mind of a everyday hero . waga reporter cindy emote like she life depend on it . waga cindy no one will argue that the city of Atlanta have always be a breeding ground for heroes . Jimmy Carter , hank Aaron , Ryan seacrest and now ... Mary horowitz . as the country wonder about what would drive this woman to such a extraordinary act , we go straight to that close to she . 106 . int . live room - day waga Cindy interview a sweet but nervous old lady . nervous old lady Mary horowitz be one of my second grade student . brilliant girl ... darling . always a smart dresser as I remember . and she once bring I soup when I be not well . ext . CITY STREET - day waga Cindy report . waga cindy Mary horowitz , a hero who 's devote she life to caring for the sick and elderly . clearly a woman with a higher purpose . int . wal - mart - day a nervous wal -mart manager pose in the shoe department , hold a pair of red rubber boot . a excited female reporter point to the boot , talk on camera . female reporter exactly like the boot wear by Mary horowitz when she slip into the mine . be the boot responsible for the accident ? the manufacturer refuse to comment . for now , the deadly footwear remain on store shelf , leave consumer to pay the ultimate price . int . teenager be room - night Three fourteen year old girl shop online . they click on " Mary boot " - a picture of red rubber boot come up . a states " . banner underneath read " now banned in 4 fourteen year old girl oh my God , we so have to have they ! 107 . int . mine shaft - night Mary talk to the Little deaf girl . mary rhinolith , that 's the real word . Rhino be nose , litho mean stone . nose stone . you know what that be ? snot . int . tv repair shop - day waga Cindy interview a 30ish male scientist . scientist I know Mary horowitz in college . she catch I try to cheat off she physics midterm , lecture I for a hour and when she finally stop talk I ask she out . she say no , say it be because I be , get this - hebetudinous . can you believe ? he walk away , bitter , get back to work on NASA rocket . int . library - day waga Cindy interview a attractive male researcher as he put away book . he talk as though it still sting : researcher we date for a while but she end it . Said she could not stand this - he point around 'to the library - you could hear a pin drop . researcher whatever that mean . ext . CITY STREET - day waga Cindy continue she report . waga cindy a heartbreaker , leave behind a trail of devastation . 108 . int . mine shaft - night Mary still talk . mary and archimede , there 's another one . he be into math , philosophy , all kind of stuff , then one day he be work out a equation in the sand and somebody stab he . crappy , I know . ext . tri - parish fair ground - public viewing area - night a bus pull up behind other park and unload bus . people of all age file off the bus , hold handmade " save mary " sign , stuff animal , flower , rosary bead , kleenex . they head toward the fence to join the other . ext . tri - parish fair ground - rescue site - night angus watch as Doug film hartman interview Steve . hartman Steve , tell we about Mary , you fiance struggle for she life at the bottom of the abandon mine as we speak . Steve glare at he . hartman motion for he to go on . steve Mary ... she 's smart , incredibly smart . she talk a lot . never boring , I will tell you that much . he think about she , get lose in it . steve Mary horowitz do not pretend to be anything she 's not . she 's passionate , beautiful , real ... and she definitely do not deserve to be where she be now . 109 . ext . tri - parish fair ground - public viewing area - night the spectator all gather , candle in hand , hand join in silent prayer . a elderly couple hand Howard and Elizabeth candle . Howard look around at the rest of the crowd - stranger watch , wait , worried . howard they do not even know she . elderly lady no , but they know what it 's like to be alone , to need a help hand . that 's a good enough reason to be here . ext . horowitz house - night neighbor hold a candlelight vigil on the lawn . the media catch every minute of it . int . bar - night bar patron be silent , glue to the " Mary watch " coverage on the overhead tv . ext . mine shaft - night the old crane lower the small rope into the hole , smoke seeping out of the motor . the rescue supervisor watch , anxious and helpless . the other rescuer just watch . nothing to do but wait . int . mine shaft - night Mary still talk . mary happenstance , I love that word too . and you know what else - Mary cough . before she have a chance to catch she breath , a rope with a small bag attach quickly drop next to she , the bag hit the floor . Mary unty the bag and look inside to find water and sandwich . 110 . mary no dessert . crappy . do you know that the word dessert come from a old french word that mean " clear the table " ? sometimes I feel like dinner be just do time so I can get to the point , and of course the point always involve sugar . who need - the Little deaf girl cover she ear , vocalize as much as she 's able . little deaf girl shut up ! I can not hear you but you talk a lot . totally catch Mary off guard . she fully take that in . her demeanor completely shift , a calm wash over she . , mary I know . she sit down . mary I know . she notice the Little girl 's shoe be soak . Mary move next to she , take off she rubber boot and put they on the Little girl . Mary put a arm around she , hold she close at - softly , she side , then speak like she 's a different person to herself , the Little girl unable to read she lip . mary I be not good at ... silence . " Mary do not do quiet " , that 's how my grandmother always say it . " what 's that hush ? " she would holler at a party . " it 's Mary about to talk " , then she would laugh and laugh and laugh . everybody would ... but I know something they do not - that if you keep talk , if you keep on talk , you do not hear people tell you that you be different . you do not hear people say they do not like you . and if you be talk , you just might not hear it when some kid ... call you a freak . Mary 's eye start to well . mary I just want to be normal , that 's all . Steve say I be . she think about it , laugh a bit . mary I be beginning to think newsmen can not entirely be trust . she button up the Little girl 's sweater . mary the truth be normal be -- not I . she seem surprised she say it out loud . there 's relief in it . mary my friend , the people I have meet over the past week , they be not normal either . they be more interesting , more original , more real , more rare . she suddenly get it , brighten up . mary that 's where I fit . - and for she think about it , in silence . the sadness fade the first time , she 's comfortably quiet . she smile at the Little deaf girl . the Little deaf girl smile back . and they sit -- Mary totally calm . Mary hear something in the distance - a gentle plink plink plink she could not have hear while talk . she pick up the flashlight , move toward the noise . in a corner of the mine , a water drip hit on some old rusted mining tool , include two rusty vice grip . the Little girl cough . Mary look back at she , concerned . mary Little deaf girl , it 's time for we to go home . ext . tri - parish fair ground - public viewing area - night Howard , Elizabeth and carlos watch from the fence . 112 . elizabeth what 's take so long ? int . horowitz house - night Mr. and Mrs. horowitz be glue to the tv . mrs . horowitz why be not they do anything ? Mr. horowitz grab she hand . int . 24 hour laundromat - night the Laundry sorter still glue to the Mary watch coverage . int . bar - night quiet tension in the bar as the patron all watch CNN . CNN anchor a tense night in Eunice , Louisiana . hartman what can you tell we ? ext . tri - parish fair ground - rescue site - night Doug film hartman . in the shot behind he , smoke seep out of the old crane . hartman they have lower food and water into the depth of this abandon mine . the last task of this archaic crane that finally blow its motor . we have be tell the new rescue equipment will not make it until daybreak . until then , all we can do be wait , hope , and of course pray . there 's a commotion at the rescue site . Doug zoom in . at the hole : the rope hang into the hole be move . rescuer get as close to the hole as possible . rescue supervisor Jesus Christ . tell I she 's not - 113 . int . mine shaft - night Mary cut two piece of excess rope off the bottom , attaches each it to the hang rope use the vice grip as makeshift climb ascender . mary after I get kick out of girl scout , while the other girl be learn how to sell cookie , I be at home read the biography of Sir Edmund hillary . Mary motion for the Little deaf girl to jump on piggyback . she jump up onto Mary 's back , still in the red rubber boot . Mary start jugging up the rope , the vice grip and rope piece act like ladder step . they start rise up slowly . not a easy task . Mary struggle every step . ext . time square - night a shot of the move rope up above the hole be broadcast . people on the street stop and watch . int . bar - night the guy at the bar stand up to watch to the shot of the move rope on tv . int . horowitz house - day Mr. and Mrs. horowitz on the edge of they seat in front of the Mary watch tv coverage . int . mine shaft - day the Little deaf girl help Mary move one of the vice grip up the rope . mary ( v.0 . ) if life be like a crossword puzzle then its worth , its greatness , its raison d'efre should be judge in the same way . 114 . Mary grasp the cable with everything she have , pull up another step . mary ( v.o. ) be it solvable ? one of the red boot drop down into the mine shaft . ext . tri - parish fair ground - rescue site - night every eye be on the move rope . int . mine shaft - night Mary look up as the light above get closer and closer . mary ( v.0 . ) be it entertaining ? ext . tri - parish fair ground - rescue site - night as the rescuer , firemen , trooper , media and Public look on , Mary at last appear above ground , the little girl in she arm . mary ( v.o. ) do it sparkle ? the crowd go nut . cameras flash . rescuer rush to help they onto the ground . a ambulance attendant grab the little girl , wrap she in a blanket . Mary 's eye flutter in the blind light of the camera point at she . she scan the entire crowd . mary ( v.0 . ) and do it fit ? her eye fix on a spot in the crowd . she start run . int . horowitz house - night Mrs. horowitz hand she husband the box of kleenex as they wail and watch Mary on tv , safely above ground . 115 . int . rest stop - night the customer eat pie while they be glue to image of Mary and the little girl . norm good for she . good for she . int . atlanta citizen newspaper office - night the staff breathe a sigh of relief when they see Mary alive on tv . Jim soloman stare at the image , happy , acquiescent . jim soloman we be go to have to give she she job back . he shake he head , laugh . int . bar - night everybody in the bar celebrate . the bartender ring the bell . int . tiny apartment - night the career Day teacher watch Mary on tv , wipe she eye . int . 24 hour laundromat - night the Laundry sorter celebrate , then realize they laundry be all pink . int . atlanta row house - night the large kid from the career Day class walk into the live room where he dad have Mary watch on tv . the kid hold up a crossword , half do , and he 's not happy about it . large kid do you start this and not bother finish it ? do you know how much work go into make this thing ? honestly , dad . the kid grab a pencil to finish the puzzle . 116 . ext . newsstand - night Mr. takihashi watch Mary on tv , wipe he tear . ext . tri - parish fair ground - rescue site - night Mary adjust she eye to the flash light , look around . a ambulance attendant try to attend to she leg . she wave he off . in bare foot , blood run down she leg , limping , she start run away from the site toward the media . Steve 's watch , genuinely happy to see she . hartman nudge Doug to get the camera on Steve . hartman first interview be ours . here come we girl . Steve , you ready ? grab she arid kiss she then let I start with the question . Doug focus in on Steve . hartman hold the crowd back so Mary can get to he . Mary run toward they -- and keep on run , right past Steve 's open arm . she head for she friend at the fence - Howard , Elizabeth , carlos , George , lydia , all of the other protestor . she swan dive right into they . they catch she . howard you be okay . mary I be . cameras go off all around they . ext . highway - day a Greyhound bus travel . mary ( v.0 . ) my brain be full of all kind of information , some of it useful , some of it not . ( more ) 117 . mary ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I have recently discover , hide in the back of my mind , somewhere between astrophysics and a catalog of candy bar of the seventy , a previously hide bit of knowledge more important than everything else . it be this ... int . greyhound bus - day Mary sit right at the front talk to the female bus driver . mary in solving the puzzle of life there 's one thing you must do . she point to the side of the road . the bus pull over . mary find somebody just as normal as you . Mary stand up , get off the bus . mary if not a whole bunch . Howard , Elizabeth , George , lydia , carlos , clyde , a few old lady , a bunch of other protestor file off the bus . Mary keep talk to the bus driver . mary and do not be a slave to you loin . trust I on that one . Mary tap the side of she head . mary you need to let this be the boss of you . cornprende ? ext . mary neighborhood - atlanta - day a huge gated property . Mary open the gate and walk up a tree cover path , Howard right behind she , all the other protestor follow . for once , Mary be not do all the talk . howard that bus driver look like Francis galton . do you see that ? 118 . mary he 's my favorite behavioral geneticist in the world . they continue on through a open yard . howard in retrospect , and I say this with some hesitation because I do not like to have actual regret so I will just say I be beginning to perpend - mary good one . howard I be beginning to perpend whether or not eat three bag of caramel corn for lunch be the smartest thing to do . honestly I be this close to spew ... Mary reach the end of the path and stop , wait for everybody else to catch up . they're in complete awe of the monstrous georgian estate before they . mary my grandma leave it to I . my parent will not stay here . and for I it be always too ... quiet . she look at she new friend . mary not anymore . they head toward the house . the end