all be true screenplay by Ben elton Black . as the follow line appear on screen , the familiar droeshout portrait of William Shakespeare fade very slowly into view . William Shakespeare be bear on April 23rd 1564 in the English market town of stratford upon avon . he be the son of a glove maker . on November 27th 1582 he marry Anne hathaway . will be 18 , Anne be 26 and already pregnant . they have three child . in the early 1590 's will move to London , where he be to become the most successful and famous writer of he age . his family remain in stratford . will 's only son , hamnet , die in 1596 , age eleven . the portrait slowly dissolves from the canvas image into a live , breathe version of the man himself , gaze the same enigmatic gaze at the viewer . CUT to black as the follow line appear , we scan across a period map of the densely crowded building of elizabethan London . as we find southwark , and its cramme street , we close in on the roof of a round top building . on June 29th 1613 a performance of Shakespeare 's life of Henry VIII be give at the Globe theatre . it be advertise under it 's alternative title : all be true int . darkened globe stage 1 one actor , ( the chorus ) , be perform the open prologue of all be true . chorus be sad , as we would make ye think ye see the very person of we noble story as they be live ; think you see they great , then in a moment , see , how soon this mightiness meet misery : and , if you can be merry then , I will say , a man may weep upon he wedding - day . Card : during Act 1 scene 4 a misjudge stage effect begin a fire . all be true - shoot script 2. the map . Fire flick viciously through the draw image of the Globe theatre . CUT . ext . night 2 a explosive crack of fire . a figure stand silhouett against the frame - fill flame . shout and scream and panic off screen . ext . the globe - dawn 3 low wide shot of a grey , smoking , empty wasteland . a figure stand in the smolder aftermath of the fire . Close on the figure , who slowly turn to face we . not the Shakespeare of the famous portrait , but simply the man . a haunt man . card . the Globe theatre burn entirely to the ground . card . William Shakespeare never write another play . push in on a period map of stratford upon avon which lay ow the quaint environ of the market town . the name new place , picked out . int . the shakespeare 's live room - evening 6 Shakespeare 's family , Anne , susanna , and judith sit together . anne he write the life of a King ? and call it all be true ? you father have some nerve . susanna defensive of she father . susanna no doubt the specific event will be true . and the people involved . the rest be anybody 's guess . it might be true . judith nothing be ever true . susanna the word of God be true . judith raise a contemptuous eyebrow . 10 all be true - shoot script 3. ext . the tavern stratford - evening 7 noise . flaming torch . a group of righteous puritans be protest outside the tavern . amongst they leader be Dr. John Hall ( susanna 's husband ) . JOHN hall be not deceive ! neither drunkard , nor fornicator , nor idolater , nor adulterer , shall inherit the kingdom of God . a messenger rush up to a puritan who glance at the message and then share it with John Hall . Hall know he must leave . ext . countryside - evening 8 a thump of hoof . a horse gallop across the wide lowland of the garden of England . ext . the court yard of a country tavern - late afternoon 9 a exhaust will sit in the partially cover booth of a Inn . a frail boy ( 11 ) watch he . will barely notice the child . the boy wear a rag cloak against the chill , he face partly hide . the boy see that will 's cloak be burn . boy we hear a theatre burn Sir ? which one be it ? will mine . will have scarcely glance at he .. int . the shakespeare 's live room - day 10 John Hall have bring news . the family be shocked . anne a fire ? JOHN hall a furnace . we must prepare ourselves for the worst . it be in God 's hand . judith well do not sound so bloody pleased about it . 11 all be true - shoot script 4 . int . the roadside tavern - night 11 will nurse a mug of ale . eye far away . deep in think . the landlady bring bread and cheese . a romany . hard bitten but with good reason . will 's attention be far away . landlady do not see a lot of stranger . ( beat ) name 's dotia . it 's my pub . will ignore she . the landlady become wary . landlady ( cont 'd ) and who might you be ? will ( startle ) who be I ? he look away again . almost to himself ? will ( cont 'd ) who be I ? ( far away ) I ... I have work in the theatre . this exchange have confirm she suspicion . landlady right then . i’1l have the reckoning before you eat if it 's all the same to you . a look from will . landlady ( cont 'd ) I see you strolling player type before . will and ? landlady an’ you be not exactly genaleman . will I be exactly a gentleman and non sanz droict . ( the landlady do not understand ) '' not without right '' . you might see it on my coat of arm . he reach into he bag and pull out a heavy bag of coin . he toss a gold coin down . the landlady 's eye widen . 12 all be true - shoot script 5 . will ( cont 'd ) gentleman enough for you ? ext . the court yard of a country tavern - night 12 will preoccupy still . about to leave . the Boy be there , ignore by will . boy you be Shakespeare . the poet . you tell storey . will I use to . boy I have a story . but it be never finish . will be fasten he cloak against the chill . irritate by this nonsense . boy ( cont 'd ) will you finish it for I ? please ? will be become impatient for he horse . look to the tavern door . will I be do with storey lad . and I would not know how to finish yours . boy ( v.o. ) yes you would . of course you would . Light thicken in the silent dusk . will ignore the child and stare at the road ahead , as he wait , fearful , wonder . after a moment , he look back around . the boy have go . the landlady come to the door . will where 's the Boy ? landlady what Boy ? will the lad who take my horse ? landlady no boy here . we find you horse untether . will shiver . he look out at the gloomy light . he look back at the landlady who clearly have see and hear nothing . 13 14 15 16 17 all be true - shoot script 6 . ext . stratford on avon . 13 move closer across the map of the town , which now feature the famous clopton Bridge . ext . the tavern stratford - evening 14 the puritans still protest the tavern . will walk past . the tavern protest continue . a man emerge from the tavern . John Lane , a surly drunkard . he glance furiously at the puritans and spit on the ground . they stare menacingly back . ext . new place - night 15 will outside he house . he pause at the front door to look at the coat of arm that hang above it . he seem to take strength from this . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - night 16 will have return and at table with the family . will be silent , shake . it be uneasy reunion . JOHN hall I rejoice to see you safe Father in Law . we all do . will I thank you for it John . JOHN hall God burn you theatre but spare you . thus be he both wise and merciful . perhaps this be offer as comfort but it do not give any . will look at John for a moment then stare once more into the fire . remember . think . Anne break the silence . anne and when will you return to London ? will look at she blankly . the significance of this sink slowly in for he family . ext hall croft night 17 the upstairs window light by candle . 18 19 20 21 all be true - shoot script 7. int . hall 's croft bedchamber - night 18 susanna and John Hall . susanna I always think he have end he life in London . its where he live . JOHN hall it do not matter where he live , or where he die , all that matter be who will be he heir . susanna I be he heir . and we daughter Elizabeth after I . JOHN hall not if you sister give hima grandson . susanna or we do . there be coldness and disappointment as they meet each other 's eye . ext new place night 19 candle at two separate window upstairs . int . judith 's bed chamber - night 20 judith lie alone , she face be blank . but there be tear on she cheek . she seem to cry without emotion . damage . int . anne's bedchamber - evening 21 Anne be in the room . will at the door . anne good night husband . Anne begin to close the door on he . anne ( cont 'd ) twenty year will . we have see you less and less . will accept the admonishment in silence . anne ( cont 'd ) to we you be a guest . and a guest must have the best bed . Rest well . 22 23 24 all be true - shoot script 8. will be sadden but can only retreat . ext . meadow - day 22 a contemplative will take in the familiar countryside as he walk . Children be play . he take pleasure in they play . two young woman approach . young woman Mr. Shakespeare ? be it true what they say ? that you be he ? the great poet ? will Poet certainly . young woman such a honour . still traumatize , he take pleasure at this attention . it be in stark contrast to he reception at home . ext . the high STREET - day 23 will be walk along the once familiar street . he feel like a stranger but one who have earn he right to be there . he wear fine clothes and take pride that people greet he . as a figure of respect . '' Mr. Shakespeare . '' '' a honour sir '' '' we hear you have come to live amongst we once more , such excitement '' . int . king new school stratford - day 24 will stand by a name plaque outside stratford Grammar . his mind be fill with memory . he listen at a window . he hear a class of teenage boy be instruct by they teacher . he hear a stern voice call out '' William Shakespeare ! '' it be just a memory . the voice that call will be the current master come out to greet he . school master Mr. Shakespeare be not it ? I see you look in . please , perhaps a few word of inspiration for the boy ? will I ... forgive I .. I think not . will turn away but then he turn back . 25 26 27 all be true - shoot script will ( cont 'd ) tell they ... tell they to get money . school master money sir ? will money . money and property . school master no word of wisdom ? philosophy ? food for the soul ? will consider this for a moment . will money . ext . new place - dusk int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - evening will I think perhaps , I would make a garden . anne we have get a garden . will not a kitchen Garden . or a flower garden . but a special one . for hamnet . anne hamnet 's in paradise . he do not need a garden . will perhaps I do . Anne shrug as if to say '' do as you please '' . ext hall croft night through the window we see the Hall family at 25 the second best house in the town sit quietly in the 26 dinner . Anne , judith and will . they eat in silence for some time . eventually will break it . 27 supper . 28 29 30 all be true - shoot script 10 . int . hall 's croft - night 28 susanna , John and Elizabeth Hall . also in silence . susanna throw a discreet smile at little Elizabeth to momentarily break the grimness . JOHN hall you father 's mind be on he legacy . susanna you mind be on he legacy . John do not like she tone . JOHN hall and therefore must be yours . for I be you husband and what concern I concern you . John Hall give susanna a long and significant look . ext new place garden day 29 will , like a stranger in a strange land , walk through the exist plant and flower , scout for he new plan . he be very engage . ext . the garden - afternoon 30 will digging . enjoy the air . the buzzing insect . the little bird that try to steal he seed . Anne bring he water . will lean upon he spade , puffed out . will digging up root . heavy work . anne you will find that . will drink long and deep . a think amuse he . will I once uproote a entire Wood and move it across a stage to dunsinane . anne bit different in the real world . a beat as they familiar akwardness settles . will he show such promise Anne . 31 32 all be true - shoot script 11 . anne you scarcely know he . will I know he . through he poem . anne you say poem . will yes poem . childish scribbles perhaps , but wit and mischief in every line . anne well. ( beat ) he 'il write no more . will no . and nor shall I . she look at he . turn and walk away . anne it 's not hamnet you mourn . it 's yourself . will I mourn my son ! she keep walk . anne now . you mourn he now . at the time you write the merry wive of Windsor . he try to return to he digging but give it up . he lay aside he spade and head into the lane . ext hall croft - day 31 will be at the door of susanna 's house . he knock and susanna answer . ext . the GREEN wood - day 32 will be walk with susanna . Elizabeth run about play . susanna its a adjustment . she must learn to be a wife once more . they walk on . bird twitter . Elizabeth laugh and skip . 33 34 all be true - shoot script 12 . susanna ( cont 'd ) my husband think you have come home to die . will really ? I have just buy a pension . I can not die for at least ten year or I will be ruin . a small moment of levity between they . susanna so why be you come home ? no more storey leave to write ? will susanna , I have live so long in imaginary world that I believe I have lose sight of what be real , of what be true . susanna judith say nothing be true . will judith be 28 and a spinster . that be true . will walk on . susanna call after he . susanna will you write no more Father ? will either do not hear or simply do not answer . ext new place day 33 the work in the garden go on . will still clear and rearranging the exist plant . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - day 34 Anne and judith be prepare food together . will be see by they both in the garden beyond . judith when Father die I will be destitute . anne no child . a third of he fortune come to I , while I live . judith while you live . you be older than he , remember . all be true - shoot script 13 . anne susanna will never see you want . judith susanna will obey she husband . I will get nothing . which be what I deserve . anne judith . if you will not forgive yourself . how can you expect God to ? judith I do not . 35 ext . the GREEN wood pond - day 35 will and susanna have arrive at a glade with a body of water . will I run here on the day I be sack from the school . susanna I know Father . will when I be the son of a alderman I have a free education . but the son of a thief ? I think my world have end . will look about he . remember . will ( cont 'd ) I love this place . you child love it too . susanna yes , we come here every day . although hamnet never go in the water . he be not bold like judith . or even I . will but he mind be bold . ( memory ) once he bring I here , to show I what he have write . I tell he then that I be the proudest father in the Kingdom . I still be . will turn away . susanna so sad for he . 36 37 38 39 all be true - shoot script 14 . ext . new place - day 36 Big broad sweeping vista from the garden . the leave in the Green Wood be turn . time be pass . ext . the garden - morning 37 will work on he garden . now digging , cut turf , garden be hard . Anne emerge . anne husband ! its Sunday . will Sunday ? anne this be not London . if you miss church here they fine you . int . the shakespeare 's live room — morning 38 susanna and John and Elizabeth have arrive in they Sunday best . judith and Anne also . will come down buttone he smart doublet try to be the happy family man . will well well ! here we all be . how sweet you look Elizabeth . shall we be off ? JOHN hall I must need first answer nature 's call . susanna nature seem to like you company . it call every five minute . Hall scowl and leave , unbuttone he cod piece as he go , he 's in a hurry . ext . new place - morning 39 the family be leave the house for Church . will pause outside the front door , pick up little Elizabeth he show she the coat of arm above the door . will what 's that Little lizzie ? the little girl be proud to know the answer . elizabeth we coat of arm grandfather . 40 4l all be true - shoot script 15 . will that 's right . which hang upon the second best house in stratford . the house of a gentleman . the woman be unimpress but will take great satisfaction and cast another look at the shield before lead the family to church . the map of stratford 40 feature the picturesque church of Holy trinity . int . holy trinity church —- morning 4l the congregation be at Sunday service . the Shakespeare 's enter . many townsfolk tip they hat to a important family . will be pleased to accept they greeting . they take they place in the second row . in the far more impressive side box be the Lucy family , the grandest family of they all . Sir Thomas Lucy nod curtly at will . will feel this slight . sir thomas ah Shakespeare ! another Sunday and still you occupy you family pew . I pray that you be never oblige to vacate it . as you Father be . this cut . will I be not my Father Sir Thomas . the congregation continue to assemble . rafe Smith , a haberdasher enter . susanna catch he eye and there be a brief moment of connection . will notice this . John Hall also notice it too . he whisper to susanna . JOHN hall I be happy that you have friend in the town susanna . but kindly be discreet about it . susanna redden , there be a secret here . a group of giggle girl surround a handsome man , Tom quiney . quiney see judith and give she a broad smile . she do not return it . the girl sneer , they do not like judith . the puritans do not like Tom quiney . the little congregation be a labyrinth of small town conflict and alliance . we sense a story in every face , only some of they will we follow . the vicar , Edward woolmer enter . Music begin . 42 43 all be true - shoot script 16 . ext . the garden - day 42 will work in he garden . he make slow but steady progress . now cut shape and track in the earth with knife and trowel . messy and content . John Hall approach . JOHN hall I joy to see you dig Sir . at last give up on you play to distract the mob from we Lord . will consider this for a moment . a lark sing . will do the lark song distract you from you God John ? JOHN hall of course not . it be evidence of God . will well then . perhaps for some , I be a lark ? will offer this with gentle twinkle . John Hall be slightly floor , he be about to attempt a answer but realize he have not really get one . he gather he dignity . JOHN hall I come to ask a favour Father in Law . but I be loath to distract a man from he labour . will you call when you be do with you garden ? will nod . John depart . ext . stratford high STREET - day 43 people go about they business . susanna walk to the tavern . she be greet with respect as a wealthy doctor wife . hat be tip . susanna pass Tom quiney 's wine and tobacco shop . quiney call out cheerfully . quiney good day to you Mrs. Hall . tell you sister I have a fine rhenish wine deliver . she may have a bottle gratis for a single smile . susanna put she nose in the air with disdain and walk on . 44 45 46 47 48 all be true - shoot script 17 . int . the tavern stratford - day 44 the tavern be also a Post House . susanna enter and approach the landlady . stratford landlady Package for you Mrs Hall . Frank ! a nervous boy rush forward but he be clumsy and trip . he drop it and inside a bottle be hear to break . as the boy try to gather up the parcel spot of silver liquid be see amongst the straw . a man be watch . it be John Lane . he drink sullenly . JOHN lane mercury Mrs. Hall ? susanna my husband be a doctor . JOHN lane she say the parcel be for you . John Lane look once more at the mercury and turn back to he drink . susanna , begin furiously to gather up what be leave of she parcel . ext hall croft day 45 will be enter John and susanna 's house . int . hall 's croft - day 46 John be appeal to will . JOHN hall the reformation be but half complete Father in Law . the vicar of Holy trinity be a recalcitrant . it be intolerable . int . the tavern - day 47 John Lane sullenly drink he ale , cross himself discreetly and leave the tavern . int . hall 's croft - day 48 John Hall and will continue they conversation . all be true - shoot script 18 . JOHN hall you be a influential man . if you be to lend you voice to ours . will consider . 49 ext . the high STREET - day 49 susanna be walk past the shop . she pause outside a haberdashery , then enter . rafe Smith ( 35 ) be at the counter . susanna good day to you Mr. Smith . rafe smith Mrs. Hall . there be moment . a connection . a spark exist here . susanna I need cloth . a loose weave . to make a summer dress . Black . rafe smith Black ? for summer ? perhaps this blue . susanna my husband do not approve of fancy stuff . rafe smith if you husband have he way Mrs. Hall my shop would be a very dull place . all in mourn and nobody dead . tension crackle between they . susanna we saviour wear only simple cloth , and he be divine . rafe smith as be you susanna . in any cloth . susanna redden . susanna Mr. Smith . I be a marry woman . rafe smith unhappily . susanna that be not ... I should tell my husband . all be true - shoot script 19 . rafe smith will you ? susanna ( beat ) he know . ext . the high STREET - day 50 susanna be emerge from the haberdasher . John Lane watch . across the street quiney in he wine shop have also see . it 's a small town . everybody know everybody . secret be hard to hide . int . new place - evening 51 the kitchen . will dine with Anne and judith . will John Hall want my help to remove woolmer as vicar of Holy trinity I think he know I better . anne he think you like he . will I be a good actor . perhaps Anne take this in a different way to what will intend . will ( cont 'd ) I try to like he . for Sue 's sake . but John be a ... judith hypocritical shit . will a puritan . judith that 's funny be not it ? a puritan , who want to close all the theatre , will have all of William Shakespeare 's estate - do not you think that 's funny ? I think it 's funny . will be take aback by she gleefully angry tone . 52 53 54 55 56 all be true - shoot script 20 . int . hall 's croft - evening 52 John Hall slumber by the fire . susanna rise and quietly make for the door . ext . hall 's croft - evening 53 it be dark . the front door open and susanna slip out . across the street John Lane have be watch . susanna glance about furtively but do not see Lane . she scurries off into the night . Lane follow . int . new place - evening 54 there have be a silence . now will answer judith . will for what it 's worth judith I have no intention of leave my estate to John Hall . judith no you will leave it to the saint susanna and by law she property be he . as be she body - for all the use he make of it ! even in she wild mood judith know she 's go too far . ext . the high STREET - night 55 rafe Smith 's haberdashery . susanna steal through the shadow and up to the door . Smith let she in . John Lane be watch . int . new place - night 56 will , judith and Anne . will you be grow hard judith . there be a time when you be such a simple , joyful soul . judith be I Father ? when be that ? will do not answer . judith ( cont 'd ) before hamnet die ? be that it ? ( beat ) before hamnet die . and I survive . 57 58 59 60 all be true - shoot script 21 . anne judith . do not . judith it 's what he think . every time he read that bloody poem , which be not even that good ! he think why do she survive not he ? anne judith . judith the golden boy be go and he 's leave with the girl . the useless , pointless girl . oh she be a pretty thing once that girl . a simple joyful soul . but look at she now ? angry bitch . still hang around . why do the wrong twin die . will do not answer . because he know there be some truth in what she say . int . hall 's croft - night 57 John Hall still sleep before the fire . susanna open the door and creep back in . as she pass on she way to the stair he eye open . he be not asleep at all and she know it too . they stare at each other but say nothing . ext new place night 58 the lonely candle at the window . a passer by look up to the great house . int . anne 's bedroom - night 59 Anne prepare for bed . will appear at the door . will I never give she cause . I never say a unkind word . anne you have spend so long put word into other people 's mouth , you think it only matter what be say . she close the door on he . ext rafe smy shop night 60 the lock up shop . no light . 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 all be true - shoot script int . rafe smith chamber - night rafe sit alone on he bed , deep in think . the bed be 22 . 61 unmade , the cover rumple . he gather they up and breath they in . ext hall croft night darkness . cold . int . susanna 's chamber - night susanna lie in bed . eye wide open . she hear pissing . int . JOHN hall 's chamber - night John be pissing in he chamber pot . he be uncomfortable . unhappily he return to bed . ext new place night all asleep bar one . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - night judith sit alone drink . ext . the garden - morning time be pass . will work on he garden . he be roll length of turf in front of a rich bank of flower . now a earnest young student appear at the gate . Henry . henry Mr. Shakespeare ? I do not want to pester you . will good . excellent news . cheerio then . henry it 's just that I want to ask ... will the best way to get start as a writer be to start write . cheerio . henry no really could I ... 62 63 64 65 66 67 all be true - shoot script 23 . will I do not have a favourite play . I admire all my fellow dramatist equally . and yes I do think woman should be allow to perform the female role as be the practice on the continent . now please . if you will excuse I . will return to he digging . defeat , Henry almost leave but do not . henry I have come all the way from Cambridge to see you . I leave my college without leave . will ( wearily ) and that be you choice . Henry get the message . start to walk away . stop and turn . one last go . henry I just want to ask - how you know . will knew what ? henry everything . will my friend I do not even know how to keep the slug out of the hollyhock . henry ( impatient ) the world be full of gardener . I mean everything that matter . will raise a eyebrow at this . henry ( cont 'd ) there be no corner of this world which you have not explore . no geography of the soul you can not navigate . how ? how do you know ? finally will be force to engage . will what I know . if I know it . and I do not say that I do . I have - ( a moment to consider ) imagine . all be true - shoot script 24 . henry but they say you leave school at fourteen ... you have never travel . imagine ? from what ? will from my self ! henry you self ? will yes ! everything I have ever do . everything I have ever see , every book I have ever read , and every conversation I have ever have , include , God help I , this one . you will find the whole of I in every word I ever write . my thought , my feeling , my dream . if you would be a playwright and speak for other then speak first for yourself . search within . consider the content of you own soul . you humanity . for that be the business of the theatre . everything else be just stage direction . Henry be try to take it all in . will take a little pity and try to sum it up in a more kindly tone . will ( cont 'd ) write what you be , what you know , what you feel and what you can imagine my friend . and if you be honest then whatever you write all be true . Henry want to reply but can not think what to say . will ( cont 'd ) now please . if you can not save my hollyhock , leave I to mourn the dead . will return to he digging . Henry be confuse but also strangely inspire . he know he should leave but can not resist push he luck . henry then why .... will look up . fierce now . the boy 's be rude . Henry return he stare . 68 69 all be true - shoot script 25 . henry ( cont 'd ) why do you stop ? why do you write no more ? a beat . be will consider a answer ? another beat . if he be he do not give it . will cheerio . will turn he back . this time it 's final . ext . the high STREET - day 68 judith approach Tom quiney 's wine and tobacco shop . int . quiney 's wine shop - day 69 judith enter . her usual cold self . but she know quiney . judith good morning Tom quiney . a barrel of huffcap ale and three flagon of malmesey wine to be deliver to New place if you would . on we account . Tom be a cheerful , flirtatious fellow . quiney you usual order and my usual reply . marry I judith . I would help bring back you smile . judith yes and every other may in the county 's . you chase they all . quiney but I only ever propose to one . judith I would think you would tire of it . quiney 's cheerful mask slip a little . quiney I remember a girl . the prettiest and happiest in town . and I remember she laugh and I remember kiss chase . I would like to see the woman that girl should have become . because it surely be not you . 70 71 all be true - shoot script 26 . int . the garden - morning 70 time for a break . will sit amongst he gardening tool . he have he satchel of hamnet 's verse and be read . some line which catch he eye . it make he smile , almost laugh . will oh my son . my pretty chicken . my golden lad . Anne emerge . anne it 's Sunday . will carefully put he precious page away . int . holy trinity church —- morning 71 the congregation be at Sunday service . the Lucy family arrive . will attempt to greet they as equal , but again Sir Thomas merely nod curtly at the Shakespeare 's . will pain and embarrassed . rafe Smith enter . for a moment he catch susanna 's eye . do they share a secret . will notice this and turn to look at Hall who be also stare at rafe Smith . the dissolute John Lane be at the back . tense . sweating , perhaps discreetly drink . he stare at susanna and then at rafe Smith . Building up to something . the vicar Edward woolmer begin the service . quiney bustles in late with a pretty girl , Margaret wheeler follow . both a little dishevel . now the service be almost over . edward woolmer we read today be from the first chapter of corinthian '' I beseech ye bretheren , in the name of Jesus , that there be no division among you '' ( beat ) there be division in we town . the puritans protest against the old way . the feasting , the merriment and custom long practise . some of you resent this I know but I charge you remember corinthian ! this good Christians act from honest faith . they be upright citizen , decent and pious .... all be true - shoot script 27 . suddenly John Lane jump up . JOHN lane be they Mr. woolmer ! be they ? or be they fornicator ! General shock JOHN lane ( cont 'd ) there be wickedness in this church Mr. woolmer ! puritan wickedness . he point at susanna . JOHN lane ( cont 'd ) I have see susanna Hall creep from she husband 's house to rafe Smith 's chamber in the night ! Card : in the summer of 1613 John Lane , yeoman of stratford publicly accuse Shakespeare 's elder daughter susanna of infidelity with rafe Smith the haberdasher . susanna mortify . will stunne . the congregation in uproar etc . John Hall leap to he foot . JOHN hall this slander will be answer ! JOHN lane this slander will be prove ! you will no more tell we how best to save we soul Doctor Hall . not while you puritan wife fornicate worse than whore and then send to London for mercury to physic what they get of it ! Card : John Lane compound he charge by state that susanna have contract gonorrhea . the tumult grow . edward woolmer silence ! this be a house of God ! and I be master here ! Edward woolmer the vicar glare at John Hall . sense a dangerous rival . will be red face with anger and shame . he catch the patronize look of Sir Thomas Lucy , half censure , half pity . as the congregation bustle out , all talk of the scandal Sir Thomas Lucy pause over will . 74 all be true - shoot script 28. sir thomas well well sir. you Shakespeare 's be never far from a scandal be you ? will be mortify . Sir Thomas glance at susanna . sir thomas ( cont 'd ) I suppose she get it from she grandfather . fix the price of wool do not he ? bad business . and illegal money lend to boot ! goodness ! he be a busy fellow . no wonder they chuck he off the council . will who be pretty dumb strike . Anne however hit 's back . anne every family have it 's dark horse , Sir Thomas , even the Lucy 's . or perhaps it be another Thomas Lucy who 's niece run off with a serve man in 1600 ? Sir Thomas , move on in fury . int . the shakespeare 's live room - evening 74 the family assemble . all sit in shocked silence . will enter . will I have instruct my lawyer . we shall sue he for slander . susanna a public trial ? will it be a public slander . JOHN hall John Lane be a dangerous man . we can be sure he do not stage he attack without some idea of how to prove it . beat . will turn to susanna . will prove it ? susanna how can you ask ? will because you husband fear he can . 75 76 all be true - shoot script 29 . John Hall be throw by this . he have not expect will to place such a astute interpretation on he remark . JOHN hall I mean that I fear he have construct a convincing lie . judith seem almost to revel in susanna 's discomfort . judith well now . what a disaster . and that it should befall such a fine and blameless family as ours . will be determine . will the Shakespeare 's will not be ruin twice . ext . the high STREET - day 75 susanna hurry along . all eye turn on she . very different from the respect she 's use to . the town seem to be turn against she , reveling in she shame . int . consistory court at worcester - day 76 a pack court full of gaw town folk . the Shakespeare family enter . some snigger , some snarl . the puritan element be tight lipped between shame and righteous anger . card : the trial of John Lane for the slander of susanna Shakespeare be conven at the consistory Court , worcester . judge bring forward the accuse . a clerk stand . clerk call John Lane . there be a pause . the judge be impatient . a officer enter . officer John Lane be not here you honour . judge not here ! officer he have disappear . all be true - shoot script 30 . judge susanna Shakespeare have be most foully use . the crowd erupt . card : John Lane fail to attend he trial . the case be uncontest , he be convict of slander , and excommunicate . 77 int . the shakespeare 's live room —- evening 77 Anne and will sit . anne why ? why do this man slander we Sue ? will my guess be to damage she husband . John Hall be a puritan , and would make Holy trinity and all the town likewise . John Lane on the other hand like he cake and ale . anne then why do he not attend the court and press he case ? beat . will I discuss the matter with he . anne discuss ? discuss what ? will I ask he if he have ever see titus andronicus . 78 int . the tavern stratford - night 78 flashback . will have meet John Lane . JOHN lane what do I know of play ? get away from I . I shall see you and you whore daughter in Court . will it concern a moorish villain name Aaron . and the African who play he be magnificent and terrifying . 79 80 all be true - shoot script 31 . int . the globe stage - day 79 a performance of titus . intimidate passion and violence . actor playing aaron to kill a man , or else devise he death , ravish a may , or plot the way to do it . accuse some innocent and forswear myself , set deadly enmity between two friend , make poor man 's cattle break they neck ; set fire on barn and hay-stacks in the night , and bid the owner quench they with they tear . oft have I digg would up dead man from they grave , and set they upright at they dear friend ' door , tut , I have do a thousand dreadful thing as willingly as one would kill a fly , and nothing grieve I heartily indeed but that I cannot do ten thousand more . int . the tavern stratford - night 80 flashback . will still talk with John Lane who be pretty scared . will mighty like a lion . strong as a bear . I see this man tear the heart from a fool who wronge he and eat it raw ! Lane be fearful . will ( cont 'd ) and yet - he could be tender too . and one day he wild heart be tame . he love my daughter . JOHN lane susanna ? will ay. susanna . they love could never be of course . ( more ) 81 82 all be true - shoot script 32 . will ( cont 'd ) but he swore that if ever she have need , he sword , he claw and he tooth would either defend she or kill for she . should I tell he of susanna 's current distress ? John Lane be suitably nervous . int . the shakespeare 's live room - night 81 will and Anne . anne will . I see titus . Aaron be play by the sweetest chap you could hope to meet . I talk to he for a hour afterwards at the George Inn . will yes , he be a lovely fellow wife , but John Lane do not know that , and I have never let the truth get in the way of a good story . a moment of levity . Anne for the first time a little less cold . will ( cont 'd ) all man fear what they do not know Anne and I 'il wager John Lane have never laid eye on a African . Anne once more reflective . anne do you think there be any truth in it ? in what Lane say ? about susanna ? will well . there be coldness between they . we have see that . something they both recognize in themselves . int . hall 's croft - evening 82 susanna and John Hall sit in grim silence . she stitches , he read the Bible . will 's voice - over comment on the scene . will ( v.o . ) ' tis five year since she and John have have a child . John rise . 83 84 85 86 87 all be true - shoot script 33 . JOHN hall I be go to bed . good night . he leave . susanna sad and alone . will ( v.o. ) and susanna certainly know this rafe Smith .... int . rafe smith 's shop - morning 83 a past moment . susanna be buy material . rafe hold some cloth against she body as if to say '' look , this would suit you '' . it be physical , fun , she blushes coyly . ext . the tavern - day 84 another past moment . susanna be hurry from the tavern with the break package of mercury . will ( v.o. ) she do send to London for mercury . mercury be a cure for pox . a drop or two more fall to the street as she hurry along . susanna be nervous and embarrassed . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - evening 85 will and Anne together . anne Sue be not pox will . I have know . will he then ?.... a pox man be ever pissing . int . the shakespeare 's live room - morning 86 flashback to the Sunday morning they go to church when Hall say he must answer nature 's call . susanna have just make she comment about nature like Hall 's company . hall have you some objection to my visit the privy ? int . hall 's croft - night 87 John Hall in he bed chamber , sweat and in pain . he take a little bottle and swig at it . all be true - shoot script 34 . 88 int . the shakespeare 's live room - evening 88 back with will and Anne 's conversation . will be that why she bare no more child ? do she seek comfort elsewhere ? 89 int . the high STREET - night 89 susanna steal into Smith 's house . 90 int . smith 's bed - night 90 Smith and susanna be make passionate love . susanna the Devil will take both we soul for this . rafe smith but we go there by way of Heaven . 91 int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - evening 91 will and Anne still talk . anne susanna be a God fear woman . she would not betray she husband . judith appear at the door . she 's be listen . judith maybe it be not a betrayal ? will judith ? judith maybe he tell she to do it . 92 int . hall 's croft - evening 92 susanna and John Hall sit . JOHN hall it will be either you womb or you sister 's which secure you father 's fortune . John stare at she . then return to read he Bible . 93 94 95 all be true - shoot script 35 . int . the shakespeare 's live room - day 93 judith confront a shocked Anne and will . judith well it 's a think be not it ? and frankly Father , if you get a grandson by it . would you care if it be true ? will decide not to answer this . will I care that susanna be free from slander . that you may be sure be true . judith nothing be ever true . ext . the GREEN wood - day 94 once more will walk with susanna . susanna you think my husband be try to whore I to get a bigger house ? will a bit flummox . susanna be not usually so forthright . susanna ( cont 'd ) we should not seek to lift the veil on other people marriage Father . all be complex . to understand one , you have to live it . ( beat ) and you be hardly a expert there . susanna walk on . will can only follow , chasten . ext . the garden - day . 95 a change of season . time be pass . will work in he garden . some progress have be make on he design . some curve , and turn in the rail of turf , but it 's hard . he be hot . he be very tired . the heat of the sun start to play trick with he eye as he shade they from the glare . as he work a boy lean on the fence . it be the boy from the tavern , he mask he eye against the Sun , he face once more in shadow . boy get any berry ? all be true - shoot script 36 . will eventually . I have plant a mulberry tree . boy well then , you have get time to finish my story while we wait . the boy have remove he hand . for the first time he face be clear . will 's eye focus through the haze . be it he son ? will hamnet ? be it you ? the boy seem half lose in the haze . boy I write you another poem today . would you like to hear it ? will I want nothing more in this world . the boy cheerfulness suddenly give way to rise anger . boy well you will have to wait will not you ! like I wait . I have a poem before for you but you never come ! the sickness come instead and still you do not come though mother promise you would ! now the boy emerge from the haze but in a horrifying visual transformation he become a plague victim . great sore on he face . will recoil in horror as the boy confront he . boy ( cont 'd ) I have a poem for you ! you never come . will recoil in horror as the boy confront he . will hamnet ! Anne 's voice intrude upon the vision . anne will ? will spin around to she . anne ( cont 'd ) you be shouting .... he turn back , there be no boy . there be no boy . 96 97 all be true - shoot script 37 . will he be here Anne . anne he will always be here will . now we see that from a upper window judith have be watch the scene . again there be tear on she cheek . ext stratford countryside twilight 96 the gorgeous meadow in the last ray . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - evening 97 will dine with Anne and judith . the mood be sombre . will in London now the play be just finish . will be do he best . will ( cont 'd ) tavern full . judith if you be miss London . why do not you go back there ? this be get hard for will . he be prepare to eat humble pie but this be relentless . will do you wish I would daughter ? judith it do not matter what I wish but what you wish . and it be not to be with we . will what do you mean ? judith you have come back to mourn hamnet ! to mourn you bless depart son and dig a bloody garden for he . anne that 's enough judith . judith we mourn he Father ! we mourn he when he die . and we mourn he thereafter . ( more ) 98 all be true - shoot script 38 . judith ( cont 'd ) now it seem we must begin again as if he grave be freshly dig because suddenly you have find time to mourn he too ! will hold you tongue ! respect you Father even if you can not respect yourself . that be a hard blow . judith be in many way a sorry sight . careless of she appearance . often with a glass in she hand . will ( cont 'd ) if you be do with mourn he at least honour he memory . judith how can you say I do not ? will then start live up to it ! if you can not match he talent , try to match he goodness and he diligence . you be waste you life ! judith stare at she father . judith I know what you think 's the purpose of a woman 's life . I know what you want from I . ext . new place garden - day 98 season change . in the montage , we see a quiet will get on with building this garden as best he can . thoughtful , as if all that judith have say sit with he . preoccupy he . occasionally he look about he . for sign of the boy . there be none . bud blossom . leafs fall . will be measure part of the garden use twine and wheel . he be assist by a serve girl , Maria . will count off the yard . will 23 , 24 , 25 .... Maria be inclined to chat . maria bit of a change from make play in London . will lean on he stick , happy for a break . he like she . he consider she point . all be true - shoot script 38a . will in some way yes Maria . in other . Rather similar . maria similar ? I do not see how . a light of enthusiasm begin to shine . will well , today we take the measure of we stage . maria a garden be not a play . will enjoy himself . a relief from the grim family mood . will a play , a garden , a fresh baked loaf like the one you bake each morning . all begin with a idea . a compulsion to create a thing of beauty , or need . maria bread begin with yeast and flour . will exactly ! now you be get it ! ingredient ! bramble , bush . yeast , flour . verse , player . they be nothing without a dream ! which will not be deny and which endure in spite of all adversity . the weather will turn , the bug will infest . the oven will cool and the flour will mould . you fellow worker - in my case , a brilliant lunatic actor call Dick burbage - will interfere and demand a bigger show for a smaller budget , anda short play with a much longer part for himself . and all of this trial must be counter and overcome without ever loose sight of the dream itself ! maria and what do it feel like when all of that work ? will how do fresh baked bread smell ? maria wonderful . all be true - shoot script 38b . he smile at she as if to say ' exactly !'. that 's he point . Maria be smile too at he half comical passion . 99 ext . new place - morning 99 will be hurry up the garden path . excite , he have a letter in he hand . 100 int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - morning 100 will rush in . Anne be cooking . will Anne ! anne. Anne . the Earl of southampton make a progress North . ( more ) Anne do all be true - shoot script 39 . will ( cont 'd ) he write that since he pass this way he will spend a hour or two in talk with I . not share will 's excitement . will ( cont 'd ) do you hear I wife ? the Earl of southampton . anne I hear you . and I recall the day I first hear about you friend the Earl of southampton . will wife ? anne same day I hear there have be a book of poem publish . Sonnets they tell I . will be completely throw . he be not expect this . will ata anne ( cont 'd ) perhaps you think because I could not read they I would not mind . but plenty of people can read . even in we little town . include one of you own daughter . will Anne - that sonnet be publish illegally . without my knowledge or consent . anne but you write ‘em will . and people read ‘em . and after they have read they they start ask '' who be they then ? '' '' who 's this dark lady he 's so in love with ? '' will they be just poem ... anne and the beautiful boy will ? the Fair youth ? loss . anne ( cont 'd ) do not answer . I do not want to know then and I do not want to know now . ( more ) 107 all be true - shoot script 40 . anne ( cont 'd ) but I do know who some people say he be . and now it seem he 's to come to my house a'call . will pretty shame face . anne ( cont 'd ) all this year you have worried about you reputation will . have you even once consider mine ? ext . new place - day 107 will and family at they gate . all in they best await the great visitor . will be very excited . will I will introduce you but do not address he unless he address you . on my nod must you all depart and leave we to we talk . susanna he 's just a man Father . will he be a Earl susanna . ( to Elizabeth ) do you hear that lizzie , you grandpa be to drink wine with a Earl . elizabeth because you be a gentleman ! the little girl point excitedly at the coat of arm . will yes ! because I be a gentleman ! Sir Thomas Lucy , he wife and servant approach on foot , also in they Sunday best . sir thomas ah Shakespeare . I hear word of you distinguished visitor . my man tell I that he be even now approach the town . of course you will introduce I . will take aback . he have not expect this . Anne assume he will tell Lucy to mind he own business , but will buckle to superior rank and say nothing . sir thomas ( cont 'd ) I shall suggest he come on to charlecote to take he ease . ( more ) all be true - shoot script 41 . sir thomas ( cont 'd ) bit more what he 's use to . naturally I shall ask that you join we ... ( glance at Anne ) just you I think . we should not wish to tire he Grace . clatter horse be hear . ext . new place - day sir thomas welcome to stratford upon avon you Grace . the very impressive Earl of southampton eye Lucy . southampton and you be ? sir thomas Sir Thomas Lucy of charlecote manor you Grace and member of parliament for this district . May I have the honour of introduce my wife .... southampton have we business ? sir thomas well I ... southampton be there some petition which you be come to present ? sir thomas oh no you Grace I think only to invite you to ... southampton then kindly remove yourself , Sir Thomas . I want none of you company . I be here to visit the great man in the kingdom . after his majesty of course . southampton turn to will . southampton ( cont 'd ) will ! all be true - shoot script 42 . 108 int . the great hall new place - afternoon 108 will and southampton talk by the fire . southampton damn impudence . a grubby little member of parliment . they will sell a knighthood to anybody this day . will he have snubbe I many time . southampton but why do you let he snub you will ? what be he ? the son of a son . nothing more . all he pride and strut come from no great achievement than have be spat from the dick of a previous nonentity . I be the same . will no ! ( n.b wriothesley pronounce ' wrizzly '' , as in grizzly . ) southampton I be the son of a son will . Henry wriothesley son of Henry wriothesley and if I be not the son of Henry wriothesley then you Thomas Lucy , son of Thomas Lucy would not grace I with a sneer . you on the other hand be ... will the son of a thief . southampton the son of Apollo ! God of poetry ! God of truth ! the finest , the most complete and the most beautiful mind I will warrant that ever exist in this world . will be of course delighted and deeply move . southampton stare at he for a few moment . southampton ( cont 'd ) so why be you so small will ? will small ? southampton why be you be such a little man ? all be true - shoot script 42a . will you Grace ? all be true - shoot script 43 . southampton you can enchant the multitude with the scratch of you quill . yet you cringe before a cur like Sir Thomas Lucy . will cringe ? southampton you talent have a great scope than all the other poet combine and yet you have lead the smallest life . will I do not think I have lead a small life you Grace . southampton oh come now will ! compare to kyd ? or marlowe ! what a man . what a life ! spy ! adventurer ! fucked for England ! boy . Girls . boy and girl . he know how to live . will he be dead of course , my Lord . so , you know , win some lose some . southampton they be all dead will . marlowe , greene ... will who call I upstart ... southampton .+.. crow ! you see ! still you care . still it rankle . kyd , nashe , spenser , Oxford . all dead . booze and passion , sex and violence kill ‘em all . life kill they . and you ? you survive . will yes . I survive . southampton with you nice house ... will several house . southampton and you coat of arm . how much do that cost you will ? all be true - shoot script 43a . will twenty pound . all be true - shoot script 44 . southampton twenty pound . the man who write hamlet and Henry the fifth , macbeth and Romeo and juliet pay twenty pound for the name of gentleman . oh will . will . why do you care ? will pour more wine and think about he answer . will my father be once fine for not attend Church . can you guess why he do not go ? southampton Priest too Protestant ? I have hear it rumoure there 's a whiff of papery about you Shakespeare 's . will nothing so spiritual . he could not attend church because he owed money to most of the congregation . a beat . then southampton roar with laughter . southampton I think I have have like you dad ! will yes . people do . they drink in silence for a moment . southampton you must write again will . London need you . we have only jonson now . will who laugh at I because I speak no Greek and do not care whether bohemia have a coast . southampton Christ will why do you care what he think ! you write King lear . will I care because it matter you Grace ! in England it matter . I have what I have upon my own merit and for that I be suspect ! perhaps I will always be suspect . but I have my money and I have my house and I have my coat of arm . all be true - shoot script 45 . southampton you have you verse ! great Christ man you have you poetry . such poetry . such beautiful , beautiful poetry .... southampton 's eye grow a little misty . southampton ( cont 'd ) and some of it . some of it be writ for I . a long beat , they stare at each other . will yes you Grace . for you . another beat . there be love here . southampton I have grow old . as you say in you sonnet that I would , you bastard . but the beauty I inspire in you will be forever young . and a thousand year from now when people read that line , I shall be young . alive still in the mind of lover yet unborn . will they be only mean for you you Grace . not for any other live soul nor any yet to live . just you . southampton it be only flattery of course . flattery that be my due . will yes . just flattery . except . I speak from deep within my heart . they stare deep at one another . southampton well . I be young then . younger and prettier . will beautiful you Grace . as you will ever be . when , in disgrace with fortune and menus eye , I all alone beweep my outcast state , and trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cry , ( more ) all be true - shoot script will ( cont 'd ) and look upon myself and curse my fate , wish I like to one more rich in hope , feature like he , like he with friend possess , desire this man 's art and that man 's scope , with what I most enjoy content least ; yet in this thought myself almost despise , haply I think on thee , and then my state , ( like to the lark at break of day arise from sullen earth ) sing hymn at heaven 's gate ; for thy sweet love remember such wealth bring that then I scorn to change my state with king . southampton yes , well . as I say . just flattery . will not flattery . Truth . and I always dare to hope ... southampton hope will ? will that , perhaps in some small way it be reciprocate . a tiny change of atmosphere . will do not pick it up . southampton reciprocate ? will that perhaps you also ... suddenly southampton 's face be cold . southampton you forget yourself will . will it ... southampton as a poet you have no equal . and I , like anyone with brain and heart be you humble servant . ( more ) 109 all be true - shoot script 47 . southampton ( cont 'd ) but as a man will it be not you place to love I and hang a twenty pound shield above you door will never make it so . will be crush . southampton 's good humour return , he slap will on the back and drain he glass . southampton ( cont 'd ) I must be off . Goodbye will Shakespeare . it be the poet I come to visit and it be the poet of whom I take my leave . southampton stand , will get to he foot of course , but he be sad , unable to make a merry parting . southampton smile a friendly , conciliatory smile . southampton ( cont 'd ) when , in disgrace with fortune and menus eye , I all alone beweep my outcast state , and trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cry , and look upon myself and curse my fate , wish I like to one more rich in hope , feature like he , like he with friend possess , desire this man 's art and that man 's scope , with what I most enjoy content least ; yet in this thought myself almost despise , haply I think on thee , and then my state , ( like to the lark at break of day arise from sullen earth ) sing hymn at heaven 's gate ; for thy sweet love remember such wealth bring that then I scorn to change my state with king ext new place day 109 the southampton party leave . his Grace do not look back . will stand very still watch the procession go . the rest of the family start to move back into the house . Anne stand there too , a little apart . there be nothing to say . 110 111 112 all be true - shoot script 48. ext . the high STREET - morning 110 judith approach Tom quiney 's wine and tobacco shop . int . quiney 's wine shop - morning 111 judith enter . quiney as ever jolly and boisterous . quiney a glass miss Shakespeare ? to toast this sunny morning ? judith I need no excuse for a glass of wine Mr. quiney . beat . quiney there be another pleasure , equally heady . judith and plenty of country girl for you to get it with . quiney you look will not last forever Jude . judith and I shall be glad when they be go because I shall be no more bother by the like of you . ext aerial garden dusk 112 will have be work hard . work to forget . will and Douglas be at work again on the garden border . they be plant grasses where previously they measure . Douglas begin another conversation . douglas Sir . I suppose you have writ down all sort of man . will indeed . douglas and now you grow flower . will try . 113 all be true - shoot script 48a . douglas which do you like better ? will which do you ? douglas Flowers Sir . they be beautiful . will be not people ? douglas some . I suppose but they be cruel and selfish too . will and flower ? douglas be not . will but every flower fight for the light . one will strangle and starve another to survive . all they care about be they place in the Sun . every one will put itself before it 's neighbour . but sometimes , we do not . once in a while , god know not very often , we will reach to help another up towards the Sun . I like flower . but I like people better . Douglas smile he like the answer . they return to work . later Anne bring will some water . a arm round the shoulder . a attempt to restore normality . they slowly walk back towards the house . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - evening 113 the family sit . judith I notice that you friend the Earl do not bring he wife with he on he travel . perhaps he do not find female company to he taste . if this be a jibe will ignore it . all be true - shoot script 49 . will I be sure that his Grace and the countess Elizabeth be most happy in they marriage . possible discreetly raise eye brow from Anne and judith . will ( cont 'd ) as I would wish you to be judith . why be you still unwed ? you be pretty enough I think . judith I do not . will then look in you glass . judith I have no glass . judith ( cont 'd ) I do not like the person I see in it . will get a little irritate at she endless negativity . will good God daughter that 's a bleak think since the only company you keep be you own . judith but there it be . will but what of child ? all woman want child . judith apparently . will do not you want a child ? judith do you want I to replace hamnet for you Father ? this be brutal . will absorb the blow . tries to be reasonable . will I mean for you own sake . a husband , child . for comfort , companionship . all be true - shoot script 50 . anne she 's see that marriage may not bring you either . will 's anger begin slowly to boil . will be that it judith ? have you see you mother 's misery , and think better to be a spinster than shackle to a man who neglect you ? anne I do not say I be miserable . will no wife you do not , but though I put word into other people 's mouth , I too can occasionally see beyond what be merely say . Anne shrug . quite suddenly will explode . fist on table . will ( cont 'd ) and I will take no more of this ! I have work ceaselessly on behalf of this family ... anne on you own behalf - will and I be head of this family ! I have give you a fine house and servant . I have send you money all you life . be that not Comfort ? you have two beautiful daughter , a brilliant son and a husband who though absent , keep you always in he thought ! be that not companionship ? in abundance ? Anne 's face suggest this be a stretch . will double down . will ( cont 'd ) I have raise this family up ! through my genius I have bring fame and fortune to this house . yes my genius ! would you have have I ignore that ? ignore a gift from God almighty so that I could be a bloody glove maker , and you might feel a bit more appreciate ! it 's a hard blow . will 's defense be to go deeper . all be true - shoot script 51 . will ( cont 'd ) hamnet die and I be not here . I know that . the plague take he and I be not here . but the plague have take million and it would have take he whether I be in London , or in stratford , or on that godforsake highway . we lose we boy ! we lose we beautiful , brilliant brilliant boy and I be not there ... Anne have merely bit she lip at all of this . now , suddenly , it be judith who answer will . jumping up and shouting . judith hamnet be not brilliant ! will what ? a beat . judith know she have begin something which now can not be stop . judith he be beautiful but he be not brilliant . anne judith . do not . will what do you mean ? judith I write they . will wrote what ? anne judith I say do not ! judith the poem . there 's no turn back . judith grab at will 's satchel and take out the precious sheaf of papers . judith ( cont 'd ) the verse you hold so dear ! with wit and mischief in every line . I make they up . hamnet only write they down . anne she help he a little that 's all . all be true - shoot script 52 . judith I make they up ! all of they . hamnet be sweet and kind but he be no poet . will no ! he be .... judith he be not ! will brilliant .... Anne realize the game be up . anne no will ! he be just a ordinary little boy . you would have see it in a moment have you ever look . will I look ! judith and you see what you want to see . you see yourself ! anne judith ! enough . will myself ? judith a boy with a mind as big and bold as yours . but happy , with a father who appreciate he genius . well hamnet might not have be a genius but he be clever enough to know that he could never live up to what you want he to be ! he dread you visit ! will be devastate . Anne try to explain . anne we do not plan it . not when it begin . it be only that Jude be always make up storey , conjure rhyme ... one day hamnet write one of hers down for practise with he pen . you find it and think it be he and praise he so .... will try to come to term with all this . judith have be hold the sheaf of papers . 114 all be true - shoot script 53. judith so be they worthless now ? will they be not he . judith will you read they no more ? sit in the Sun and chuckle at they wit ? will they be not he . judith no ! they be mine and so I will do what I please with they . she throw they on the fire . for a moment it seem as if will will jump up and pull they out . but he do not . he watch they burn . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - night 114 it be very late . will now sit alone . the empty satchel in he lap . Anne appear . anne judith try to teach herself to write you know . after hamnet die . but she never have the patience . not like Sue . a moment of silence . anne ( cont 'd ) I should have like to have be able to write a few letter . particularly marry to you ! remember we wedding day ? I , older and pregnant , you this strange , clever lad of 18 . I know what people think . I could not even sign the register , have to make a stupid mark . I feel so foolish . will look at she , he have not know that . anne ( cont 'd ) then you go off and become the great writer in England ! with a wife at home who could not read a single word . I sometimes wonder whether that bother you at all . ( beat ) but why would it ? you be hardly here . all be true - shoot script 54 . they both sit in the firelight with they thought . 115 ext . the GREEN wood - day 115 will walk with susanna . susanna I do not know it be she who write the verse . but then judith and hamnet be inseparable . I be not allow into they world . will why do she never tell I ? susanna out of loyalty to hamnet I suppose . he want you to believe he brilliant in life . why would he wish it any less in death ? will it be cruel . susanna cruel for she I think . will for judith ? susanna would you want to be deny credit for you verse ? have people think someone else writ they ? someone better educate ? will no . no I should not like it at all . susanna well look at they afresh . celebrate you live daughter rather than you dead son . perhaps judith will finally smile again . will be beginning to have some understanding of he insensitivity . will she burn they . susanna burn they ? why ? will because I be a fool . all be true - shoot script 55 . will walk on . susanna follow . susanna Father . why do you write no more ? will still do not wish to answer this . but slowly , he try . will on the morning after the theatre burnt , I stand there , among the ruin , determine to begin again . to write another play . my great yet . to open another theatre . even great . he pause . collect he thought . susanna listen . will ( cont 'd ) and so I look inside my self . into my soul . I look , as so often I have look before . and this time ... I find - nothing . there be nothing there . I be as barren as the smoking ruin on which I stand . I be alone and frighten , and I realise this terrible thing . I realise that it just do not matter to I anymore . and there on that sad morning I know that I would never write again . my soul be empty . susanna you soul be not empty Father . you soul have the whole world in it . but even if it be , I be glad . for it 's bring you home . will be very move . 116 int . judith 's bed chamber - night 116 judith in she room . will appear . will I be sorry . judith you lose you son . any man would mourn . a daughter be nothing . destine only to become the property of another man . or fade away . all be true - shoot script 56 . will you must not fade judith . why do not you write again ? judith Father you know I can not write . will I could teach you . for a moment judith be take aback . this be such a potential resetting of they relationship . but it be too late . judith I have no verse in I any more . will why ? judith because the wrong twin die . will no. Plague take he . Plague make no judgement . it be just plague . judith I wish a plague have take I . will judith . why do you hate yourself ? judith I have steal hamnet from you twice . once by survive he , and now by take you dream of he away . will you have give I a new dream . my beautiful daughter , the Poet . judith a woman can not be a poet . a woman be put upon this Earth for but one reason . I know my duty now . I will make amend for steal hamnet from you . I promise I will make amend . 117 ext . the garden - day 117 will dig . Anne join he . beat . will I be glad hamnet do not write the poem . 118 119 120 Anne look at the garden . it be still pretty grim . smile . all be true - shoot script anne glad ? will I know he better now . it be love not ambition that will blossom in this garden . anne well it have better because it do not seem like much else have blossom yet . will I be a poor gardener . it 's true . I find it much easier to create thing with word . anne life 's like that . would you like I to help ? 57 . she she smile . he smile . together they begin to work on the garden . int . anne's bedroom - night Anne get ready for bed . will appear . will goodnight my love . anne stay will . for comfort . with I . in we second best bed . will smile . he enter . ext . the high STREET - day judith be approach quiney 's wine shop . ext . hall 's croft - day Anne be approach susanna 's house . she knock susanna answer . anne susanna . there be something I should like you help with . 118 119 120 at the door . all be true - shoot script 58 . 121 int . quiney 's wine shop - day 121 judith enter . she close the door and stare at quiney . judith I will take that glass of rhennish wine with you Tom quiney . 122 int . hall 's croft - evening 122 susanna and John Hall . she stitching , he with he bible . JOHN hall you sister have be see in Thomas quiney 's shop . susanna quiney supplies wine to my father 's house . JOHN hall she be not order wine . she be drink it . with quiney . she be inside for half a hour or more . susanna be this the faith you puritan brother practise ? spy on woman ? JOHN hall they be quite public in they merry make . they go later together to the tavern . susanna if judith be reach for a little happiness then I be glad of it . JOHN hall sinning will not make she happy . susanna really ? then let we hope it make she unhappiness a little more bearable . JOHN hall that be a wick thing to say . remember you scripture . susanna what I remember be a little girl who smile a lot . I should like to see what that smile look like on the woman that girl become . 123 124 125 all be true - shoot script 59 . JOHN hall a reputation once lose can not be refound . susanna mine be . JOHN hall your be not lose ! it be defame by a convict drunkard and suspect papist . judith must drop this quiney . he be debauch . susanna if only that without sin be allow to marry , there would be precious few wedding . int . quiney 's wine shop - evening 123 quiney and judith kissing . quiney you know that I be not a good man . there have be woman . many woman . judith I have see too little of life . you have see too much . between we perhaps we may begin again . ext . the high STREET - morning 124 the hustle and bustle of a tiny market town . quiney and judith walk together . she be still sombre and serious but he busy she a piece of fruit from a stall , maybe even juggle some ? he win a smile . the first we have see ! Margaret wheeler be watch . she be both sad and bitter . quiney see she but manage to prevent judith do so . ext . the garden - day 125 will and Anne work together in the garden . will he have a good business with he wine and tobacco shop . anne and people will always want that . will unless John and he puritan friend have they way . 126 all be true - shoot script 60 . anne I have know the quiney family all my life . they can be a wild and merry crew , but good heart . will glad to hear it . int . the home of margaret wheeler - evening 126 a poor lodging in a near by village . quiney be visit . Margaret wheeler ( who we see he with at the church ) . she sit with she parent . quiney I can not see you anymore Margaret I be sorry . margaret because of judith Shakespeare ? quiney I never make you promise Margaret you know that . if we sin we sin together . Margaret 's father speak . margaret' father she 's with child . this be a big blow . quiney can you be sure it 's mine ? Margaret redden , perhaps she can not be sure . her father be though and take up a hatchet from the fire side . margaret' father you dare ask it ? dare again ! the Father be intimidating , but quiney hold he ground . quiney Margaret have many friend at the tavern . margaret I be certain ... I think ... I believe it 's yours Tom . honestly I do . quiney be not a bad man . he and Margaret have be friend . quiney I have a wine shop . my family be prosperous . you will always have money for the child , always . ( more ) 127 128 all be true - shoot script 61 . quiney ( cont 'd ) and for you comfort too , a small dowry that you might find a husband who will take you child as he own . Margaret 's father put down he axe . quiney ( cont 'd ) I hope that in return you will not name I as the father . Margaret be sad but she know it 's the best deal she 'il get . her father know this also . he nod grimly . int . the tavern stratford - day 127 John Hall enter . he approach the landlady . stratford landlady well well . Doctor Hall . I do not look to see you in the tavern . have all you preachifying give you a thirst ? JOHN hall a cup of water if you please . stratford landlady I shall charge you pottage . there be water at the pump . John Hall put a coin down . JOHN hall Tom quiney the vintner drink here do he not ? stratford landlady since he be a boy . JOHN hall I would have you tell I what company he have keep of late . what female company . Hall put another couple of coin down . int . new place - day 128 will in he study . a serve girl show in he lawyer Francis Collins . will be a feel happy . will Francis Collins ! come in ! come in ! you will take some wine ? Maria ! a jug of wine if you please . all be true - shoot script 62. francis I be relive to see you in such high spirit will . when a man send for he lawyer it be not always so . will judith 's get marry ! francis no! congratulation ! it be a crime that such a pretty girl remain unwed . will well crime no longer ! and thus would I amend my will to include my new Son in Law Tom quiney . francis quiney be it ? wine and tobacco . good trade . will can not think of better . also we must of course make provision for he and judith 's male issue . the wine arrive . will fill they glass for a toast . will ( cont 'd ) my grandson ! francis many of they ! they drink . will have a mischievous glint in he eye . will and I wish also to leave something for Anne . francis Anne ? if she survive you she will have a third by law . will oh she ’1ll survive I . I have little doubt of that . she 's year older and ten time tougher . but I do not mean money ! she ’1ll have more of that than she can spend . I have in mind a piece of furniture . francis Furniture ? but Anne will live here and have the use of every stick . 130 131 132 133 all be true - shoot script 63. will a specific piece of furniture . which when it be no longer ours must be hers . and I hope that in it will she smile and think of I . will drink happily . Francis shrug and get papers and pen . ext . holy trinity church - morning 130 the congregation gather . a merry scene as townsfolk go into the church . quiney arrive with he brother , there be much back slapping as they make they way in . Margaret wheeler and she parent attend . she be heavily pregnant and ashamed that all pity she unmarried condition . her father 's face show angry defiance . int . holy trinity church —- morning 131 quiney enter . he see that amongst the happy face Margaret , sit grimly and tearfully at the back with she mother and father . quiney catch Margaret 's eye but he can not read she face . now susanna and John Hall enter , John Hall see Margaret and note that quiney be look at she . ext . holy trinity church - morning 132 now will arrive with judith . a happy morning . int . holy trinity church - morning 133 the vicar Edward woolmer be officiate over the wedding . edward woolmer before I pronounce you man and wife I must ask this congregation do any know of any reason why this two should not wed . this be a tense moment for quiney . his eye flick to Margaret , she face a mask , she father shift in he pew , will he speak ? will John Hall ? Hall be watch intently . none speak . the vicar continue and complete the service . edward woolmer ( cont 'd ) I now pronounce you man and wife . judith turn for a moment to she father . she smile at he , she be do this for he but she be happy . she turn back to quiney and embrace he 135 136 137 all be true - shoot script 64 . card : on the tenth of February 1616 at Holy trinity Church , stratford upon avon , judith Shakespeare then age 31 , marry Thomas quiney , the local vintner and tobacconist whom she have know all she life . ext . holy trinity church - morning the happy throng emerge . Margaret ( she head bow in shame over she very pregnant body ) slip away with she parent . John Hall follow they . int . new place - day 135 the wedding feast . a great cheer . this be a happy and joyous affair . ext . the home of margaret wheeler - day 136 John Hall be confront Margaret and she parent . JOHN hall who be the father girl ? margaret I will not tell . John Hall glance at the well stock shelf . wine . food . a pile of what be clearly new blanket and sheet . JOHN hall this house be bless with a goodly abundance . you silence have be buy . Margaret and she parent stare defiance at the two puritan . int . new place - day 137 will be make a speech to the rapt crowd will '' ++. one son in law own a wine shop the other one want to close it . ( laughter ) a happy balance I think , balance in nature always appeal to I and a happy balance be what I feel now at this wonderful feast . you all know the Shakespeare 's . you know my father when he be you Mayor , and you also know he in less happy time ... all be true - shoot script 65 . a reveller call out cheekily . o/s reveller he certainly know the price of wool ! will of course he do ! he make it up himself ! laughter and some ' woo 's . will be be pretty honest . will ( cont 'd ) I know that sometimes we Shakespeare 's have be we own worst enemy . and sometimes we have have the worst of enemy . will look at susanna who give he a little smile . another voice call out . 0/s voice if ever John Lane show he face around here again he ’1ll have the nose cut off it ! all cheer at that . will we have have we up and downs but I flatter myself that after my father 's shall we say ' creative 's approach to matter financial I have bring some small credit to my home town . another cheer and another voice shout out . o/s voice the world will know of stratford on avon because of you sir ! more cheer . will and although I no longer have a son ... and show I a family in this town that have not lose at least one child ... I have two beautiful daughter . so perhaps one day I shall have a grandson . susanna be embarrassed by this . judith smile at quiney . will ( cont 'd ) for that I look to you Tom and you also John ! be about you business both of you ! 138 139 all be true - shoot script 66 . much good nature cheer . quiney raise he mug . Hall do he best to produce a grim smile . will ( cont 'd ) for family be everything and today , I could not be more proud of mine . more cheer . there be call for '' the Groom '' . quiney stand . quiney my friend . I have know judith all my life . and I have love she near as long . I remember she as a happy child and I remember the shadow that fall on she when she lose that other half of herself . that twin soul with whom she enter this world . I have ask she for she hand many time across the year . I do not know what it be that finally cause she to say yes , all I can say be that I be happy for it and my dearest hope on this we wedding day be that I can bring into judith 's life a little of the happiness that have forsaken she for so long . judith be touch . Anne and will too . all cheer . int . judith and quiney 's bed chamber - night 138 it be they wedding night . they stand before each other . judith I see Margaret wheeler in the Church today Tom . quiney I know it judith and I have confess all to you . I can not undo what be do . all I can say be that she child and she will not want . they embrace and begin to make love . card : shortly after they wedding judith and Tom quiney conceive a child . ext . the high STREET - morning 139 Wide shot . hustle and bustle of a market town . judith and quiney walk hand in hand . they be happy . 140 141 142 143 144 all be true - shoot script 67 . int . the home of margaret wheeler - day 140 Margaret be in labour . it 's a bad one . she 's scream . her mother be try to help but give up . margaret' mother the child be breech . margaret' father we must send for Doctor Hall . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - day 141 quiney and judith be visit will and Anne . will pregnant ? judith it 's very early Father but I believe I be . will oh my sweet girl . int . the home of margaret wheeler - day 142 Margaret be scream , the baby be not come . Dr Hall be do what he can but he know it 's desperate . he take the grim forcep from he bag . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - day 143 susanna have join the family gather . susanna sister . I be truly happy for you . will where be John ? he should be here . susanna he be call out ... toa confinement . judith and quiney know who that be . int . the home of margaret wheeler - day 144 Margaret 's scream reach a terrible crescendo . then silence . her writhe body fall still . all know immediately that she be go . John Hall work feverishly at the limp body but to no avail . 145 146 all be true - shoot script 68. JOHN hall the child have depart with it 's mother . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - day 145 a merry conversation be in progress . judith and quiney laugh with will and Anne . even susanna laugh merrily . John Hall enter . perhaps still blood splatter . clearly something be wrong . JOHN hall quiney . Margaret wheeler have die in childbirth along with she baby . the child have no name . it will not enter heaven without one . quiney know what he must do . ext . grave yard - day 146 Margaret 's parent be bury they daughter and grandchild . Tom quiney and judith be also there and stand some way apart . judith with she hand on she own belly lose ina confusion of thought . the service end . the parent turn to walk away . they pause before quiney and judith . judith Mr. wheeler . Mrs. wheeler . I be so sorry . card : Margaret wheeler , former lover to Thomas quiney be bury with she child on 16th March 1616 . card : on 25th of March 1616 Shakespeare once more amend he will , strike out provision make for he new son in law . int new place day will have sign and lay down he pen . he look so sad . for once John Hall be move . JOHN hall I take no pleasure in judith 's distress Father in Law . or yours . it grieve I . will I know that . John . 149 150 all be true - shoot script 69 . int . holy trinity church - day 149 the bawdy court be assemble . pious , grim figure . card : on March 26th 1616 Tom quiney be try before the bawdy Court in the same church in which he have be marry six week earlier . he make a full confession . Thomas quiney stand before the Court and congregation . quiney I get she with child . it be carnal copulation out of wedlock and I be sorry for it . sorry for the agony it have cause to she family and sorry for the shame I have bring on mine . edward woolmer the sentence of the court be that you shall parade yourself in open penance , clad only in a white sheet for three Sunday before this congregation . will feel once more the weight of shame . ext . the high STREET - day 150 will be walk in the High Street , still in smart clothes but look older and sadder . he be no longer greet with respect , instead he get smirk or look of sympathy , he catch people point . Sir Thomas Lucy walk by . sir thomas well well Mr. Shakespeare . how very unfortunate . seem you daughter 's wedding be rush for a reason . like you own eh ? the apple do not fall far from the tree . damn I you Shakespeare 's be a scandalous lot eh ? perhaps be a illiterate farm girl you wife be unable to teach you girl moral . well well . must be get on . can not loll about think pretty thought all day like you poet . I must to business . Lucy be about to walk on . will stop he . will Business Sir Thomas ? all be true - shoot script 69a . sir thomas yes yes business . a large estate like charlecote manor do not run itself ye’ know . will oh I think you mean a real business . like building , own and operate London 's large theatre for instance . Sir Thomas about to speak but will plough on . will ( cont 'd ) actor , carpenter , seamstress , crew . bribe to pay , security to mount , politics to navigate . Fifteen hundred pay public each afternoon , to be feed , water , and give a spectacle which must be ever great than the last . 170 Royal performance for we Queen and we king . have you ever consider the cost and logistic of mount the Battle of shrewsbury in the banquet hall at hampton Court ? please do not . it would make you very , very tired . and yet Sir Thomas , in all the year I run my vast , complex and spectacularly successful business I also do find time to think and write down that pretty thought you mention , which in my experience bring immense pleasure to that seek respite from this vale of tear , and without which the whole thing would have be as pointless as ..? well , as pointless as you Sir Thomas . will about to leave but then have a final think . will ( cont 'd ) and since you bring she up , my wife Anne have more wisdom and decency in she daily shit than you have in you entire body . Lucy be a little shake but walk on with dignity . will call after he . 151 152 153 154 all be true - shoot script 70 . will ( cont 'd ) I wish I have poach you bloody deer ! will walk on . ext . the garden - day 151 another day . Anne work alone . the garden be bloom but Anne be sad for will seem to have forsaken it . will emerge from the house anne will you work with I a while husband ? you could put some beer about for the slug . will by the look of thing Anne you do better without I . I think I shall walk a little . he head for the garden gate . then pause . anne she do it for you will . you want a grandson . she return to she digging . will walk on . ext . the village GREEN / pond - day 152 will sit watch the child play . once more he think he see the boy . once more when he look again the boy have go . something occur to will . ext . holy trinity church - morning 153 will be walk towards the church . he pause at the graveyard wall . will enter and walk to he son 's grave . the Stone read '' hamnet Shakespeare . 1585 to 1596 '' . he stand in contemplation . then walk into the church . int . holy trinity church —- morning 154 will walk through the empty church . he sit in a pew with he thought . the vicar enter . 155 all be true - shoot script 71 . edward woolmer Mr. Shakespeare . in church and it be not Sunday ? dare I hope that you be seek to know God a little better ? will people who claim to know God feel entitle to speak for he . I prefer to maintain a respectful distance . which I imagine God appreciate . May I see the Church register ? int . holy trinity church - morning 155 the chancery . will sit at the desk . woolmer busy himself with the register . edward woolmer you do not attend the funeral ? the question be a painful one . will I be travel home . the news arrive in London after I have leave . by the time I arrive he lay in the ground . edward woolmer it be summer . no corpse remain unbury long . particularly a plague corpse . here be the page . August 1596 . will look at the entry for hamnet 's death . the Year 1596 . his eye move up and down the column . from the death record in 1596 to that in 95 and then 97 . will trace he finger across the hamnet 's entry . almost try to touch the boy . will be remember ... will I would bring he a pen knife . a special one with a fold blade . his name engrave upon the handle . ( beat ) how he would have love that knife . will take out the knife which be old now , and open it . will ( cont 'd ) I keep it with I still ... there be a pot of quill on the desk . will take one . 159 all be true - shoot script 72. will ( cont 'd ) do you mind ? woolmer nod . will begin to cut the quill . will ( cont 'd ) and whenever I cut a new nib , I imagine that my hand be he hand . grown to be a man ... will watch he hand as he cut at the quill . will ( cont 'd ) trimming he quill with the knife he father give he - on that joyful home come long ago . will have cut a beautiful nib . he dip it in ink . will ( cont 'd ) and when I dip the ink and mark the page , it 's still he hand I see and the word that I write be he . he write a word or two . will ( cont 'd ) and then I tell myself that it be not I who think of he at all , but that I be dead , while hamnet life , and think of I . will lay down the quill and fold the knife away . Edward woolmer glance down at the page will have write on . he write '' hamnet Shakespeare '' . will ( cont 'd ) people often ask how I have writ so much . how I find the energy and dedication to sit alone at my desk write play after play after play . the answer 's simple , I be always in the company of my son . he give way to grief . Edward woolmer stand silently . ext . holy trinity church - day 159 will have return to hamnet 's grave . he read the inscription again . Year of death 1596 . will glance at the other grave close by , the year of death 1594 , 1597 , 1597 , 1598 . will be think . 160 162 163 164 all be true - shoot script 73. hall 's croft - day 160 will have go to talk with susanna . susanna it begin and end so quickly . will it be always so with the plague . susanna the four of we have supped that night . we be usually a merry crowd we four at table but that night I recall hamnet be quiet . the illness already in he system no doubt . judith tease he as she always do but that night could win no smile in return . int . anne in bed - night 162 now it be a flashback we see Anne wake with a start . she have hear judith 's voice shout '' hamnet ! '' susanna 's voice over continue to describe the scene . susanna ( v.o. ) mother tell I she be awoken that night by judith 's cry . int . judith and hamnet in bed - night 163 still in flash back . Anne enter the child 's room . first she see judith cry in fear . judith point to hamnet where he lie already become plague ride . susanna ( v.o. ) mother bid hamnet come at once with she to save judith from infection . ext . the GREEN wood - night 164 still in flashback . Anne be lead the stricken boy to the wood . susanna ( v.o. ) she know already that hamnet could not survive and so do she best to isolate he from all but herself . but judith disobey and follow . judith be follow Anne and hamnet . all be true - shoot script 74 . susanna ( v.o. ) it be a warm night . the air be sweet and hamnet begge to be take to he favourite place . 165 int . the GREEN wood pond - night 165 hamnet , now with pustule fully break out lie on the Moon light grass beside the water . he scream in fear and pain . susanna ( v.o. ) they nurse he through the night with cool water from the brook and prayer . mother do as best she could to keep judith and herself from contact with he sore and by God 's mercy neither be infect . Dawn now . hamnet die . susanna ( v.o. ) he leave they as the Sun rise . mother send judith for blanket and thread to make a shroud . Cross fade . Anne have stitched blanket around the corpse , completely contain it . susanna ( v.o. ) when the plague be involved it 's best not to linger too long say goodbye . when I awoke she have send for the grave -men . hamnet be already in he coffin . 167 int . hall 's croft - day 167 back in the present . susanna still with will . susanna judith never smile again . will be think . he see great tragedy in he mind even than that which have be describe . 168 int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - evening 168 later will and Anne before the fire . judith enter . judith you send for I Father ? all be true - shoot script 75 . will yes judith . thank you for come . you new home be comfortable I hope ? judith there 's much to do but my husband be work hard . he be a good man despite the shame he bring we . will swallow . it 's still a painful memory . will I visit hamnet 's grave today . I read he name in the Parish Register . anne I be glad of it . will Anne I have know the plague . many time in London do it strike and all the theatre must be close . neither Anne or judith reply . will ( cont 'd ) yes , I have know the plague . and I be think today that Black death be a scythe it be not a dagger . anne how so ? will never once do I see it strike a single person , and then depart . Anne and judith remain silent . will be wrestle with a question he do not want to ask . will ( cont 'd ) how do hamnet die ? neither Anne nor judith show any emotion . but now we see a tear roll from judith 's expressionless eye . will ( cont 'd ) his death be record in the Parish register but with no mention of the cause . anne Plague husband . the priest pronounce it at he funeral . 169 170 all be true - shoot script 76 . will because that be what you tell he . and also what no doubt you tell the grave 's man when they arrive in the greenwood to find he stitched up in he shroud . in all they mind a remember scene ... int . the greenwood morning 169 hamnet 's shroud corpse lie in the grass , a sad bundle . Little judith be be comfort by Anne . two grave 's man have arrive . heavily cloak man wear the horrible beak nose mask use to ward off plague . they have a great sheet . they approach the bundle corpse warily . like hook beak vulture gather round carrion . they lift it quickly and fearfully , perhaps even manipulate it with hook pole . nobody want to contact with a plaque victim any longer than necessary . they dump it on the sheet and drag the corpse bundle away . card : hamnet Shakespeare die on or around the 9th of August 1596 and be bury on the 11th . int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - evening 170 we be back in the moment , will be still quietly question Anne . will when I look at other grave around about hamnet 's and at he name in the register . I see that no scythe swing through this town in the summer of 1596 . five child only be take and three of that be new bear 's . not like in other plague year . why in 1597 even dozen be cut down . ( beat ) wife . how do hamnet die ? anne he die of plague . will stare hard at Anne , he heart in torment . she return he stare with stony defiance . then judith speak . slowly , scarcely with emotion . her eye distant , she voice toneless . judith I wake mother in the night with my cry . 171 172 173 174 all be true - shoot script 77 . once more we see the scene in flashback . this time describe by judith in Voice over . int . anne in bed - night 171 again in flashback we see Anne wake with a start . she have hear judith 's voice shout '' hamnet ! '' int . judith in bed - night 172 still in flash back . Anne enter the child 's room . first she see judith cry in fear . judith point but this time to a empty place in the bed . judith ( v.o. ) hamnet 's bed be empty . ext . the greenwood - night 173 still in flashback . Anne rush through the wood . judith ( v.o . ) mother searched the house and then think of the greenwood Pond that be he favourite place even though he could not swim and would never go in the water . judith emerge from the house and follow Anne . int . the greenwood pond - night 174 Anne approach the water with judith behind she . they walk to the edge and now , in the moonlight they see hamnet , dead , float like ophelia . he be surround not by lily but by tear page of paper . judith ( v.o. ) around he , tear and shred float the final verse I have conjure and which he have writ . the one prepare for you return . Anne move towards the water to get hamnet 's corpse . judith ( v.o . ) mother send I for blanket and thread . so that none would know how hamnet die . all be true - shoot script 78. 176 int . the shakespeare 's kitchen - evening 176 back in the present judith have tell she story . Anne speak with hollow firmness . anne that 's you story judith and you have carry it 's burden ever since . but I say he die of plague . the vicar spake it at he grave and God accept it . million have die of it and hamnet enter Heaven amongst that host . Jesus would not have deny he he place whatever judith think we see . will be too break to speak . instead judith cry out . judith of course he 's in Heaven ! hamnet do not kill himself , he only throw himself upon the water . it be I that cause it . I kill he ! I kill my brother ! anne no judith ! it be not so ! judith turn to will , utterly distraught . judith he want to please you so much . all he care about be you love and all you care about be he ! I be jealous ... I be jealous ... hamnet go to school . I help in the kitchen because I be a girl . I want you approval too . I want you love ... will be numb . judith ( cont 'd ) so I tell he I would tell you ! that this time you would know which twin have writ the verse . I do not mean it ! I would not have do it . I love he . but he believe I ... he could not face you disappointment . judith sob in abject misery . Anne comfort judith . anne he die of plague judith . God accept that . it be only a little lie . he be only a little boy . will get up unsteadily , put on he cloak and leave . 177 178 all be true - shoot script 79 . ext . the GREEN wood - night 177 a wild night . will stumble through the wood . he call out . will hamnet ! he think he see the Boy again . somewhere in the wood . the boy run . will crash after he . rain lash down . will have arrive at the pond . he stare at he still Moon light water . almost delirious he grab at a rock and put it in he shirt . gather another he wade into the water . when it be deep enough he plunge under . the rock be not heavy enough . he surface but plunge again . then he see the boy stand on the bank . the boy smile . will stop . he stand waste deep in the water . boy you finish it . will do not understand . boy ( cont 'd ) my story 's do . go home now . I can rest . will reach out he hand . will hamnet please . stay a moment . boy we be such stuff as dream be make on , and we little life be round with a sleep . the boy be go . ext . the high STREET - early morning . 178 a few people be up and about . milk churn be be carte . bread baked . will walk home through the town , a filthy and dishevel figure , soak through . a stark contrast to the proud man in he fine clothes . a few face turn . 179 180 all be true - shoot script 80 . ext . new place —- morning 179 will arrive home , a sorry , shiver figure . Anne open the door to he . she look on he with pity and with love . will seem so diminish . will I think perhaps I have catch a little chill . card : in April 1616 Shakespeare be visit by he friend and rival Ben jonson int . the shakespeare 's hall —- night 180 will , wrap in rug and seem rather ill be dining with jonson . jonson Christ will ! you have have a time of it ! both daughter catch up in scandal . good for they ! will yes . so far retirement have not exactly bring I the peace I have hope for . jonson sup deep . he be a confident , bold , opinionate man but also astute and he love will . jonson in my experience will no one ever get what they hope for . but they do tend to get what they deserve . will you think I get what I deserve ? jonson not all of it perhaps but something certainly . you lose a son . no man deserve that but most man suffer it . I myself have lose a daughter and a son . will I know my friend . jonson but you have two daughter still , who love you and a wife to share you bed . I have none of that . mine own Anne despise I . all be true - shoot script 81 . will well you publicly insult she and call she ' shrew 's . can you blame she ? jonson I do not say she have no cause only that she do . like you Anne ( wife ? ) . she love William Shakespeare . but she will not put up with the monster . you tell I that southampton say you have live a little life . what a arse ! you have conquer England and return victorious to the bosom of you family ? be that little ? will perhaps the second part . jonson the second part be the best part ! you make it home will . how many other conqueror can say as much ? what poet ? anyone can die alone and despise . marlowe be murder and no one can agree on which of he many enemy do it , greene die in poverty , estrange from all who know he . kyd the same . no one know how Tom nashe die but if he filthy dildo poem 's be anything to go by it be not in the bosom of he family . will laugh which bring on a cough fit . jonson ( cont 'd ) and I ? well while I be not dead I may soon be for I be out of favour with the king and none will speak for I . but you will . you make it home . any of we might wish we have half you ' littleness 's . will ( chuckle ) well , perhaps put like that . jonson you have keep you friend too , even I and I be a waspish fellow . hemming and condell be feverishly seek out you script intent that all should be publish and you genius be preserve down the age . ( more ) all be true - shoot script 81a . jonson ( cont 'd ) name another writer the bloody actor have revere like that ? yes we tease you will . I have do it myself . a lot . ' not without right 's . 180c 181 all be true - shoot script 82. will put a bit of mustard on he ham in salute . will or as you kindly put it publicly , '' not without mustard '' jonson but you have you family and you friend , a full fire and a full belly . and oh , by the way you have write the great body of play that ever be or will be . damn you eye you bastard ! yes my friend , I think you get what you deserve . will be much move by all of this . will Ben . I have a idea . ext . judith '’s chamber window - night 180c will and jonson outside on the street . will judith ! judith Father ? will shhh ! do not wake you husband . judith what do you want ? will we be go to the pub . wanna come ? ext . new place - night 181 will and jonson both drunk have get a ladder and jonson and be set it beneath will 's coat of arm . judith stop they . judith you be both too drunk for ladder . just hold the bottom . the pregnant judith begin to climb . 182 183 all be true - shoot script 83. ext . the high STREET - night 182 the two playwright and judith be make they way tipsily up the street carry the coat of arm . int . the tavern - night 183 they enter and to everyone 's astonishment plonk it on the bar . will the Shakespeare coat of arm . it cost I twenty quid . who want it for nothing ? General surprise . judith smile . she understand what this mean to will . will ( cont 'd ) hang it above the bar if you wish for I have no more need of it . you all know I anyway ! I be the son of a dodgy trader and my wife be three month knock up when I take she to the altar . one of my girl marry a carnal copulator no offense Jude ... judith none take Father , he do tell the entire town . will and the other one marry a puritan . judith which personally I think be worse ! will here here ! jonson bloody right ! will some people think I poach one of Lucy 's stag which I do not but I wish I have . judith and never mind stag anyway you once steal a entire theatre . will very true . 183a 184 all be true - shoot script 84 . jonson I be there ! will I work too hard , drank too little and worried too much about what arsehole like you lot think of I . good nature cheer . will ( cont 'd ) I take my extremely long suffer wife for grant , neglect my beautiful , clever daughter . he look at judith who return he smile . will ( cont 'd ) and expect too much of my beloved son . apart from all that , I write 37 play , some of which I admit be rather long but all of which be work of absolute genius . except possibly the two gentlemen of verona . will ( cont 'd ) my name be William Shakespeare . and I be not a gentleman . all cheer . judith hug will . the party begin . ext new place dawn 183a a crisp spring morning . int . anne 's bedroom - morning 184 will lie in bed . he 's weak and ill . the chill be worse . he 's die . Anne , judith and Sue enter . judith now show she pregnancy . judith Father . it 's a special day . and mother and Sue have prepare a special present . susanna take a document and hand it to he . will goodness . what 's this ? anne its we marriage licence will . 34 year ago I put my mark to it . 185 all be true - shoot script 85 . susanna and now ... there be a little bureau , susanna produce quill and ink . Anne sit and with great care sign the licence . anne Anne .... Shakespeare . will smile and look at the licence . will you have a beautiful hand . judith Sue be teach I also and by the time you be better I shall have write you a poem . will smile with deep and special pleasure . will you will need a pen knife then . this be yours . will take hamnet 's knife from he pocket and give it she . susanna and what should you like to do today Father ? on this special day ? he smile . he be at peace . will I know a bank where the wild thyme blow ... as the poem continue in voice over ... ext . the garden - morning 185 it be beautiful now , a graphic maze garden of beautifully arrange grasses . a knot garden of charm and symmetry . the lady lead will to a seat and gather around he while little Elizabeth play . stand apart but also include be Hall and quiney . will ( v.o . ) where oxlip and the nodd violet grow , quite overcanopy with luscious woodbine , with sweet musk rose and with eglantine . there sleep titania sometime of the night , ( more ) 186 all be true - shoot script 86 . will ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) lull in this flower with dance and delight . card : William Shakespeare die on 23th April 1616 in the town where he be bear . it be he birthday . int . holy trinity church - day 186 it be will 's funeral . Music . a sombre , respectful congregation . now Anne , judith and susanna stand together at the dais . they have a piece of paper . first Anne read , it be a little falter but loud and proud . anne fear no more the heat of the sun . judith read the second line . also falteringly . it be heartbreakingly poignant , Anne and judith finally beginning to read will 's poetry . judith nor the furious winter rage now susanna take over . she of course read with confidence and beautiful clarity . susanna thou thy worldy task hast do , Home art go , and to 'en thy wage Golden lad and girl all must as chimney sweeper come to dust as the verse continue , we move away down the church , and fade to black . a final card William Shakespeare , 1564 - 1616 , writer . card : Anne die 9 year later . will have bequeath she he second best bed . judith quiney have three boy . all die young . Elizabeth Hall , susanna 's only child marry twice but have no child . she die age 61 , the last of Shakespeare 's line .