fade in : int . dine hall - sarah siddon society - night it be not a large room and jamme with table , mostly for four but some for six and eight . a long table of honor , for about thirty people , have be place upon a dais . diner be over . demi-tass , cigar and brandy . the overall effect be one of wear elegance and dogge gentility . it be June . the camera , as it have be throughout the credit title , be on the sarah siddon award . it be a gold statuette , about a foot high , of Sarah siddon as the tragic muse . exquisitely frame in a nest of flower , it rest on a miniature altar in the center of the table of honor . over this we hear the crisp , culture , precise voice of addison dewitt : addison be voice the Sarah siddon Award for distinguish Achievement be perhaps unknown to you . it have be spare the sensational and commercial publicity that attend such questionable " honors " as the pulitzer Prize and that award present annually by the film society ... the camera have eased back to include some of the table of honor and a distinguished gentleman with snow - white hair who be speak . we do not hear what he say . addison' voice the distinguished look gentleman be a extremely old actor . be a actor - he will go on speak for some time . it be not important what you hear what he say . the camera ease back some more , and continue until it disclose a fairly comprehensive shot of the room addison be voice however it be important that you know where you be , and why you be here . this be the dining room of the Sarah siddon Society . the occasion be its annual banquet and presentation of the high honor we theater know - the Sarah siddon Award for distinguish Achievement . a group of waiter be cluster near the screen mask the entrance of the kitchen . the screen be paper with old theatrical program . the waiter be all age and venerable . they look respectfully toward the speaker . addison' voice this hollow wall , indeed many of this face , have look upon modjeska , ada rehan and minnie fiske ; mansfield 's voice fill the room , Booth breathe this air . it be unlikely that the window have be open since he death . close - the award on its altar , it shine proudly above five or six smaller altar which surround it and which be now empty . addison' voice the minor award , as you can see , have already be present . minor award be for such as the writer and director - since they function be merely to construct a tower so that the world can applaud a light which flash on top of it and no brighter light have ever dazzle the eye than Eve harrington . Eve ... but more of Eve , later . all about Eve , in fact . the camera move to : close - addison de witt , not young , not unattractive , a fastidious dresser , sharp of eye and merciless of tongue . a omnipresent cigarette holder project from he mouth like the sward of d'artagnan . he sit back in he chair , musingly , he finger make little cannonballs out of bread crumb . his narration cover the move of the camera to he : addison' voice to that of you who do not read , attend the theater , listen to uncensor radio program or know anything of the world in which we live - it be perhaps necessary to introduce myself . my name be addison dewitt . my native habitat be the theater - in it I toil not , neither do I spin . I be a critic and commentator . I be essential to the theater - as ant be to a picnic , as the ball weevil to a cotton field ... he look to he leave . karen richard be lovely and thirtyish in a unprofessional way . she be scraping bread crumb , spill sugar , etc. , into a pile with a spoon . addison take one of she bread crumb . she smile absently . addison roll the bread crumb into a cannonball . addison be voice this be Karen Richards . she be the wife of a playwright , therefore of the theater by marriage . nothing in she background or breeding should have bring she any closer the stage than row E , center ... Karen continue she doodling . addison' voice ... however , during she senior year in radcliffe , Lloyd Richards lecture on drama . the follow year Karen become Mrs. Lloyd Richards . Lloyd be the author of ' footstep on the ceil ' - the play which have win for Eve harrington the Sarah siddon Award ... Karen absently pat the top of she little pile of refuse . a hand reach in to take the spoon away . Karen look as the camera pan with it to max fabian . he sit at she leave . he 's a sad -face man with glass and a look of constant apprehension . he smile apologetically and indicate a white powder with he unwrap . he pantomime that he ulcer be snap . Karen smile back , return to she doodling . addison mash a cigarette stub , pop it out of he holder . he eye Max . addison' voice there be two type of theatrical producer . one have a great many wealthy friend who will risk a tax deductible loss . this type be interested in Art . Max drop the powder into some water , stir it , drink , burp delicately and close he eye . addison' voice the other be one to whom each production mean potential ruin or fortune . this type be out to make a buck . meet Max fabian . he be the producer of the play which have win Eve harrington the Sarah siddon Award ... Max rest fitfully . he twitches . a hand reach into the scene , remove a bottle of scotch from before he . the camera follow the bottle to margo channing . she sit at Max 's leave , at dewitt 's right . a attractive , strong face . she be childish , adult , reasonable , unreasonable - usually one when she should be the other , but always positive . she pour a stiff drink . addison hold out the soda bottle to she . she look at it , and at he , as if it be a tarantula and he have go mad . he smile and pour a glass of soda for himself . addison be voice margo Channing be the Star of the theater . she make she first stage appearance , at the age of four , in ' midsummer night 's dream ' . she play a fairy and enter - quite unexpectedly - stark naked . she have be a Star ever since . margo sloshes she drink around moodily , pull at it . addison be voice margo be a great Star . a true Star . she never be or will be anything less or anything less ... ( slight pause ) ... the part for which Eve harrington be receive the Sarah siddon Award be intend originally for margo Channing ... addison , have sipped he soda water , put a new cigarette in he holder , lean back , light it , look and exhales in the general direction of the table of honor . as he speak the camera move in the direction of he glance ... addison be voice have cover in tedious detail not only the history of the Sarah siddon Society , but also the history of act since thespis first step out of the chorus line - we distinguished chairman have finally arrive at we reason for be here ... at this point addison 's voice fade out and the voice of the age actor fade in . camera be in medium close shot of he and the podium . aged actor I have be proud and privileged to have spend my life in the theater - " a poor player ... that strut and fret he hour upon the stage " - and I have be honore to be , for forty year , Chief promoter of the Sarah siddon Society ... ( he lift the Sarah siddon Award from its altar ) thirty -nine time have I place in deserve hand this high honor the theater know ... ( he grow a bit arch , he use he eyebrow ) surely no actor be older than I - I have earn my place out of the sun ... ( indulgent laughter ) ... and never before have this Award go to anyone young than its recipient tonight . how fitting that it should pass from my hand to hers ... eve hand : Lovely , beautifully groom . in serene repose , they rest between a demi-tasse cup and a exquisite small evening cup . aged actor such young hand . such a young lady . Young in year , but whose heart be as old as the theater ... addison 's eye narrow quizzically as he listen . then , slowly , he turn to look at Karen ... aged actor some of we a privileged to know she . we have see beyond the beauty and artistry - Karen never cease she thoughtful pat-a- cake with the crumb . aged actor - that have make she name resound through the nation . we know she humility . her devotion , she loyalty to she art . addison 's glance move from Karen to margo . aged actor her love , she deep and abide love for we - margo 's face be a mask . she look down at the drink which she cradle with both hand . aged actor - for what we be and what we do . the theater . she have have one wish , one prayer , one dream . to belong to we . ( he 's near he curtain line ) tonight she dream have come true . and henceforth we shall dream the same of she . ( a slight pause ) honore member , lady and gentleman - for distinguished achievement in the theater - the Sarah siddon Award to miss Eve harrington . the entire room be galvanize into sudden and tumultuous applause . some enthusiastic gentleman rise to she foot ... flash bulb start pop about halfway down the table of the age actor 's leave ... Eve rise - beautiful , radiant , poise , exquisitely gown . she stand in simple and dignify response to the ovation . a dozen photographer skip , squat , and dart about like water bug . flash bulb pop and pop and pop ... the waiter applaud enthusiastically ... aged actor , Award in hand , he beam at she ... eve smile sweetly to she leave , then to she right ... max have come to . he applaud lustily . addison 's applaud too , more discreetly . margo , not applaud . but you sense no deliberate slight , merely a impression that as she look at Eve she mind be on something else ... karen , nor be she applaud . but she gaze be similarly fix on Eve in a strange , faraway fashion . addison , still applaud , he eye flash first at margo and then at Karen . then he direct they back to Eve . he smile ever so slightly . the applause have continue unabate . eve turn now , and move gracefully toward the age actor . she move through applaud lady and gentleman ; from below the flash bulb keep pop ... as she near she goal , the Ages actor turn to she . he hold out the award . her hand reach out for it . at that precise moment - with the award just beyond she fingertip - the picture hold , the action stop . the SOUND stop . addison be voice Eve . Eve , the Golden girl . the cover girl , the girl next door , the girl on the moon ... time have be good to Eve , life go where she go - she 's be profile , cover , reveal , report , what she eat and when and where , whom she know and where she be and when and where she 's go ... addison have stop applaud , he 's sit forward , stare intently at Eve ... he narration continue unbroken . addison be voice ... Eve . you all know all about Eve ... what can there be to know that you do not know ...? as he lean back , the applause fade in as tumultuous as before . addison 's look move slowly from Eve to Karen . karen , she lean forward now , she eye intently on Eve . her lovely face fill the screen as the applause fade once more - as she think back : karen' voice when be it ? how long ? it seem a lifetime ago . Lloyd always say that in the theater a lifetime be a season , and a season a lifetime . it 's June now . that be - early October ... only last October . it be a drizzly night , I remember I ask the taxi to wait ... dissolve to : ext . new york theater STREET - night traffic be not heavy , the show have break some half - hour before . the rain be just a drizzle . there be other theater on the street ; display light be be extinguish . go out just as Karen 's taxi pull up be : margo channing in ' aged in wood ' . the marquis display below include " Max fabian present " and " by Lloyd Richards . " the taxi come to a stop at the alley . Karen can be see through the close window tell the driver to wait . then she get out . she take a step , hesitates , then look about curiously : karen' voice where be she ? strange ... I have become so accustom to see she there night after night - I find myself look for a girl I would never speak to , wonder where she be ... she smile a little at she own romanticism , put she head down and make she way into the alley . ext . alley - curran theater - night Karen move toward the stage door . she pass a recess in the wall - perhaps a exit - about halfway . eve' voice ( softly ) Mrs. Richards ... Karen hesitates , look . Eve be barely distinguishable in the shadow of the recess . Karen smile , wait . Eve come out . a gooseneck light above they reveal she ... she wear a cheap trench coat , low -heeled shoe , a rain hat stick on the back of she head ... her large , luminous eye seem to glow up at Karen in the strange half - light . karen so there you be . it seem odd , suddenly , you not be there ... eve why should you think I would not be ? karen why should you be ? after all , six night a week - for week - of watch even margo Channing enter and leave a theater - eve I hope you do not mind my speak to you ... karen not at all . eve I have see you so often - it take every bit of courage I could raise - karen ( smile ) to speak to just a playwright 's wife ? I be the lowest form of celebrity ... eve you be margo Channing 's best friend . you and you husband be always with she - and Mr. sampson ... what 's he like ? karen ( grin ) Bill sampson ? he 's - he 's a director . eve he 's the best . karen he will agree with you . tell I , what do you between the time margo go in and come out ? just huddle in that doorway and wait ? eve oh , no . I see the play . karen ( incredulous ) you see the play ? you have see the play every performance ? ( Eve nod ) but , do not you find it - I mean apart from everything else - do not you find it expensive ? eve stand room do not cost much . I manage . Karen contemplate Eve . then she take she arm . karen I be go to take you to margo ... eve ( hang back ) oh , no ... karen she 's get to meet you - eve no , I would be impose on she , I would be just another tongue - tie gush fan ... Karen practically propel she toward the stage door . karen ( insist ) there be not another like you , there could not be - eve but if I would know ... maybe some other time ... I mean , look like this . karen you look just fine ... ( they be at the stage door ) ... by the way . what 's you name ? eve eve. Eve harrington . Karen open the door . they go in . int . backstage - curran theater - night everything , include the doorman , look fireproof . Eve enter like a novitiate 's first visit to the vatican . Karen , with a " good evening , Gus - " to the doorman , lead the way toward margo 's stage dress room . Eve , drink in the wonderment of all the survey , lag behind . Karen wait for she to catch up ... eve you can breathe it - can not you ? like some magic perfume ... Karen smile , take Eve 's arm . they proceed to margo 's dress room . ext . margo' dressing room - curran theater - night no star on the close door ; the paint be peel . a type write chit , thumbtack , say miss channing . as Karen and Eve approach it , a uninhibit guffaw from margo make they pause . karen ( whisper ) you wait a minute ... ( smile ) ... now do not run away - Eve smile shakily . at the same moment : margo' voice ( loudly ; through the door ) " honey chile , " I say , " if the South have win the war , you could write the same play about the North ! " Karen enter during the line . int . margo' dressing room - curran theater - night it be a medium -size box , line with hot water pipe and crack plaster . it be furnish in beat - up wicker . a door lead to a old - fashioned bathroom . margo be at the dress table . she wear a old wrapper , she hair draw back tightly to fit under the wig which lie before she like a dead poodle . also before she be a almost finish drink . lloyd richard be stretch out on the wicker chaise . he 's in he late thirty , sensitive , literate . between they , by the dress table , be birdie - margo 's may . her age be unimportant . she be conceive during a split week in walla walla and bear in a carnival riot . she be fiercely loyal to margo . Karen enter during the line margo start while she be outside . Lloyd chuckle , Birdie cackle . karen hi. ( she go to kiss Lloyd ) hello , darling - margo hi. ( she go right on - in a think " suth and " accent ) " well , now mis ' channin ' , ah do not think you can rightly say we lose the wah , we be mo ' stahve out , you might say - a ' that 's what ah don ' unnerstand about all this play about love - stahve suth and woman - love be one thing we be nevah stahve for the South ! " lloyd how be the concert ? karen loud . birdie lemme fix you a drink . karen no thanks , Birdie . Karen laugh with they . lloyd margo 's interview with a lady reporter from the South - birdie the minute it get print they be gonna fire on gettysburg all over again ... margo it be Fort sumter they fire on - birdie I never play Fort sumter . she take the wig into the bathroom . margo start cream the make - up off she face . margo honey chili have a point . you know , I can remember play about woman - even from the South - where it never even occur to they whether they want to marry they father more than they brother ... lloyd that be way back ... margo within you time , buster . Lloyd , honey , be a playwright with gut . write I one about a nice , normal woman who shoot she husband . Birdie come out of the bathroom without the wig . birdie you need new girdle . margo buy some . birdie the same size ? margo of course ! birdie well . I guess a real tight girdle help when you be playin ' a lunatic . she pick up lloud empty glass , ask " more " ? he shake he head . she pour herself a quick one . karen ( firmly ) margo do not play a lunatic , Birdie . birdie I know . she just keep hearin ' she dead father play the banjo . margo it 's the tight girdle that do it . karen I find this wisecrack increasingly less funny ! ' age in Wood ' happen to be a fine and distinguished play - lloyd - ' at 's my loyal little woman . karen the critic think so , the audience certainly think so - pack house , ticket for month in advance - I can not see that either of Lloyd 's last two play have hurt you any ! lloyd easy , now ... margo ( grin ) relax , kid . it 's only I and my big mouth ... karen ( mollify ) it 's just that you get I so mad sometimes ... of all the woman in the world with nothing to complain about - margo ( dryly ) ai not it the truth ? karen yes , it be ! you be talented , famous , wealthy - people wait around night after night just to see you , even in the wind and rain ... margo autograph fiend ! they be not people - that little beast who run in pack like coyote - karen they be you fan , you audience - margo they be nobody 's fan ! they be juvenile delinquent , mental detective , they be nobody 's audience , they never see a play or a movie , even - they be never indoors long enough ! there be a pause . Lloyd applaud lightly . karen well ... there 's one indoors now . I have bring she back to see you . margo you have what ? karen ( in a whisper ) she 's just outside the door . margo ( to Birdie ; also a whisper ) the heave - ho . Birdie start . Karen stop she . it 's all in whisper , now , until Eve come in . karen you can not put she out , I promise ... margo , you have get to see she , she worship you , it 's like something out of a book - lloyd that book be out of print , Karen , that day be go . fan no longer pull the carriage through the street - they tear off clothes and steal wrist watch ... karen if you would only see she , you be she whole life - you must have spot she by now , she 's always there ... margo kind of mousy trench coat and funny hat ? ( Karen nod ) how could I miss she ? every night and matinee - well ... she look to Birdie . birdie once George jessel play my hometown . for a girl , gettin ' in to see he be easy . gettin ' out be the problem ... they all laugh . Karen go to the door , open it . Eve come in . Karen close the door behind she . a moment . eve ( simply ) I think you would forget about I . karen not at all . ( she arm through Eve 's ) margo , this be Eve harrington . margo change swiftly into a first - lady - of - the-theater manner . margo ( musically ) how do you do , my dear . birdie ( mutter ) oh , brother . eve hello , miss Channing . karen my husband ... lloyd ( nicely ) hello , miss harrington . eve how do you do , Mr. Richards . margo ( graciously ) and this be my good friend and companion , miss Birdie coonan . birdie oh , brother . margo miss coonan ... lloyd ( to Birdie ) oh brother what ? birdie when she get like this ... all of a sudden she 's playin' hamlet 's mother ... margo ( quiet menace ) I be sure you must have thing to do in the bathroom , Birdie dear . birdie if I have not , I will find something till you be normal . she go into the bathroom . margo dear Birdie . wo not you sit down , miss worthington ? karen harrington . margo I be so sorry ... harrington . wo not you sit down ? eve thank you . she sit . a short lull . margo would you like a drink ? it 's right beside you ... karen I be tell margo and Lloyd about how often you would see the play ... they start together , and stop in deference to each other . they be a little flustered . but not eve. eve ( to margo ) no , thank you . ( to Lloyd ) yes . I have see every performance . lloyd ( delighted ) every performance ? then - be I safe in assume you like it ? eve I would like anything miss Channing play ... margo ( beam ) would you , really ? how sweet - lloyd ( flatly ) I doubt very much that you would like she in ' the hairy ape ' . eve please , do not misunderstand I , Mr. Richards . I think that part of miss Channing 's greatness lie in she ability to choose the best play ... you new play be for miss Channing , be not it , Mr. Richards ? margo of course it be . lloyd how would hear about it ? eve there be a item in the Times . i like the title . ' footstep on the ceil ' . lloyd let 's get back to this one . have you really see every performance ? ( Eve nod ) why ? I be curious ... Eve look at margo , then drop she eye . eve well . if I do not come to see the play , I would not have anywhere else to go . margo there be other play ... eve not with you in they . not by Mr. Richards ... lloyd but you must have friend , a family , a home - Eve pause . then shake she head . karen tell we about it - Eve ... Eve look at she - grateful because Karen call she " Eve . " then away , again ... eve if I only know how ... karen try ... eve well ... Birdie come out of the bathroom . everybody look at she sharply . she realize she 's in on something important . she close the door quietly , lean against it . eve well ... it start with the play before this one ... lloyd ' remembrance ' . margo do you see it here in New York ? eve San Francisco . it be the last week . I go one night ... the most important night in my life - until this one . anyway ... I find myself go the next night - and the next and the next . every performance . then , when the show go East - I go East . birdie I will never forget that blizzard the night we play cheyenne . a cold night . first time I ever see a brassiere break like a piece of matzo ... Eve look at she unsmilingly , then back to she hand . karen Eve ... why do not you start at the beginning ? eve it could not possibly interest you . margo please ... Eve speak simply and without self - pity . eve I guess it start back home . Wisconsin , that be . there be just mum , and dad - and I . I be the only child , and I make believe a lot when I be a kid - I act out all sort of thing ... what they be be not important . but somehow act and make- believe begin to fill up my life more and more , it get so that I could not tell the real from the unreal except that the unreal seem more real to I ... I be talk a lot of gibberish , be not I ? lloyd not at all ... eve farmer be poor in that day , that 's what dad be - a farmer . I have to help out . so I quit school and I go to milwaukee . I become a secretary . in a brewery . ( she smile ) when you be a secretary in a brewery - it 's pretty hard to make believe you be anything else . everything be beer . it be not much fun , but it help at home - and there be a Little theater Group ... like a drop of rain in the desert . that 's where I meet Eddie . he be a radio technician . we play ' liliom ' for three performance , I be awful - then the war come , and we get marry . Eddie be in the air force - and they send he to the South Pacific . you be with the o.w.i. , be not you Mr. Richards ? ( Lloyd nod ) that 's what ' who 's who ' say ... well , with Eddie go , my life go back to beer . except for a letter a week . one week Eddie write he have a leave come up . I would save my money and vacation time . I go to San Francisco to meet he . ( a slight pause ) Eddie be not there . they forward the telegram from milwaukee - the one that come from Washington to say that Eddie be not come at all . that Eddie be dead ... ( Karen put she hand on Lloyd 's ) ... so I figure I would stay in San Francisco . i be alone , but could not go back without Eddie . I find a job . and he insurance help ... and there be theater in San Francisco . and one night margo Channing come to play in ' remembrance ' ... and I go to see it . and - well - here I be ... she finish dry - eye and self - compose . margo squeeze the bridge of she nose , dab at she eye . birdie ( finally ) what a story . everything but the bloodhound snappin ' at she rear end ... that break the spell . margo turn to she - margo there be some human experience , Birdie , that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth -rate vaudevillian should understand and respect ! ( to Eve ) I want to apologize for Birdie 's - birdie ( snap in ) you do not have to apologize for I ! ( to Eve ) I be sorry if I hurt you feeling . it 's just my way of talkin ' ... eve ( nicely ) you do not hurt my feeling , miss coonan ... birdie call I birdie. ( to margo ) as for bein ' fifth -rate - i close the first half for eleven year a ' you know it ! she slam into the bathroom again . at that precise instant bill sampson fling open the door to the dress room . he 's youngish , vital , undiscipline . he lug a beat - up suitcase which he drop as he cross to margo - bill forty - five minute from now my plane take off and how do I find you ? not ready yet , look like a junk yard - margo thank you so much . bill be it sabotage , do my career mean nothing to you ? have you no human consideration ? margo show I a human and I might have ! karen ( conscious of Eve ) Bill ... bill the air line have clock , even if you have not ! I start shoot a week from Monday - Zanuck be impatient , he want I , he need I ! karen ( louder ) Bill - margo Zanuck , Zanuck , Zanuck ! what be you two - lover ? Bill grin suddenly , drop to one knee beside she . bill ( smile ) only in some way . you be prettier ... margo I be a junk yard . karen ( yell ) Bill ! bill ( vaguely ; to Karen ) huh ? karen this be Eve harrington . Bill flash a fleeting look at Eve . bill hi. ( to margo ) my wonderful junk yard . the mystery and dream you find in a junk yard - margo ( kiss he ) Heaven help I , I love a psychotic . Bill grin , rise , see Eve as if for the first time . bill hello , what 's you name ? eve eve. Eve harrington . karen you have already meet . bill where ? karen right here . a minute ago . bill that 's nice . margo she , too , be a great admirer of yours . birdie imagine . all this admiration in just one room . bill take you mistress into the bathroom and dress she . ( Birdie open she mouth ) without comment . Birdie shut it and go into the bathroom . in a moment we hear a shower start to run . Eve get up . karen you be not go , be you ? eve I think I would better . it 's be - well , I can hardly find the word to say how it 's be ... margo ( rise ) no , do not go ... eve the four of you must have so much to say to each other - with Mr. sampson leave ... margo , impulsively cross to Eve . margo stick around . please . tell you what - we will put Stanislavsky on he plane , you and I , then go somewhere and talk . eve well - if I be not in the way ... margo I will not be a minute . she dart into the bathroom . Eve sit down again . karen Lloyd , we have get to go - Lloyd get up . Karen cross to pound on the bathroom door . she yell - the shower be go ... karen margo , good night ! I will call you tomorrow ! margo 's answer be lose in the shower noise . Karen cross to kiss Bill . she 's join by Lloyd . karen good luck , genius ... bill geniuse do not need good luck . ( he grin ) I do . lloyd I be not worried about you . bill keep the think . they shake hand warmly . Karen and Lloyd move to Eve . karen good night , Eve . I hope I see you again soon - eve I will be at the old stand , tomorrow matinee - karen not just that way . as a friend ... eve I would like that . lloyd it 's be a real pleasure , Eve . eve I hope so , Mr. Richards . good night ... Lloyd shake she hand , cross to join Karen who wait at the open dress room door . eve Mrs. Richards . ( Karen and Lloyd look back ) ... I will never forget this night as long as I live . and I will never forget you for make it possible . Karen smile warmly . she close the door . they leave . karen' voice - and I will never forget you , Eve . where be we go that night , Lloyd and I ? funny the thing you remember - and the thing you do not ... int . margo' dressing room - night Eve sit on the same chair . Bill keep move around . Eve never take she eye off he . he offer she a cigarette . she shake she head . he look at he watch . eve you say forty - seven minute . you will never make it . bill ( grin ) I tell you a lie . we will make it easily . margo 's get no more conception of time than a halibut . he go to the dress table , pick up margo 's pocketbook , open it . he find a letter . he glance at it , put it back . bill she 's be carry that letter around for week . I have read it three time ... there 's a sudden sharp yelp from the bathroom . margo' voice you be suppose to zip the zipper - not I . birdie' voice like tryin ' to zip a pretzel - stand still ! Bill grin . bill what a documentary that two would make ... like the mongoose and the cobra - he sprawl on the chaise , close he eye . a pause . eve ( finally ) so you be go to Hollywood . Bill grunt in the affirmative . silence . bill why ? eve I just wonder . bill just wonder what ? eve why . bill why what ? eve why you have to go out there . bill I do not have to . I want to . eve be it the money ? bill eighty percent of it will go for tax . eve then why ? why , if you be the best and most successful young director in the theater - bill the theatuh , the theatuh - ( he sit up ) - what book of rule say the theater exist only within some ugly building crowded into one square mile of New York City ? or London , Paris or Vienna ? ( he get up ) listen , junior . and learn . want to know what the theater be ? a flea circus . also opera . also rodeo , carnival , ballet , indian tribal dance , punch and Judy , a one - man band - all theater . wherever there 's magic and make- believe and a audience - there 's theater . Donald duck , ibsen , and the Lone Ranger , Sarah bernhardt , poodle hanneford , lunt and fontanne , Betty grable , rex and Wild , and eleanora duse . you do not understand they all , you do not like they all , why should you ? the theater 's for everybody - you include , but not exclusively - so do not approve or disapprove . it may not be you theater , but it 's theater of somebody , somewhere . eve I just ask a simple question . bill ( grin ) and I shot my mouth off . nothing personal , junior , no offense ... ( he sit back down ) ... it 's just that there 's so much bushwah in this ivory Green room they call the theatuh - sometimes it get up around my chin ... he lie down again . eve but Hollywood . you must not stay there . bill ( he close he eye ) it 's only one picture deal . eve so few come back ... bill yeah . they keep you under drug out there with armed guard ... a pause . eve I read George Jean Nathan every week . bill also addison dewitt . eve every day . bill you do not have to tell I . margo , put on a earring , buzze out of the bathroom follow by Birdie . Bill sit up . margo ( en route ) I understand it 's the latest thing - just one earring . if it be not , it 's go to be - I can not find the other ... she grab she pocketbook , start rummage . out come the letter ... bill throw that dreary thing away , it bore I - margo drop it in the wastebasket , keep rummage . eve ( concerned ) where do you suppose it could be ? birdie it will show up . margo ( give up ) oh well ... ( to Birdie ) ... look through the wig , maybe it get catch - bill Real diamond in a wig . the world we live in ... margo ( she 's be look ) where 's my coat ? birdie right where you leave it ... she go behind the chaise . she come up with a magnificent mink . bill ( to margo ) the seam . margo start to straighten they . margo ( to Eve ) can not keep he eye off my leg . bill like a nylon lemon peel - margo ( straighten up ) Byron could not have say it more graciously ... here we go - by now she 's in the coat and have Eve 's arm , head for the door . Bill put he arm around Birdie . bill get any message ? what do you want I to tell tyrone power ? birdie just give he my phone number , I will tell he myself . Bill kiss she cheek . she kiss Bill . birdie kill the people . ( to margo ) get you key ? margo ( nod ) see you home ... margo and Eve precede Bill out of the door ... ext . laguardia field - night american Airlines baggage counter . the rain have stop , but it 's wet . margo , Eve , and Bill be stymy behind two or three couple wait to be check in . margo 's arm be through Bill 's . they become increasingly aware of they imminent separation . Eve sense she superfluity . a lull . Bill crane at the passenger head the line , in earnest conversation with the dispatcher . he sigh . margo they have to time it so everybody get on at the last minute . so they can close the door and let you sit . the man up ahead move on . bill ah ... eve I have a suggestion . ( they look at she ) there 's really not much time leave - I mean , you have not have a minute alone yet , and - well , I could take care of everything here and meet you at the gate with the ticket ... if you would like . bill I think we would like very much . sure you will not mind ? eve of course not . Bill hand Eve the ticket . margo smile gratefully at she . Eve smile back . ext . passage and gate - laguardia - night it 's cover , with glass window . margo 's arm be in Bill 's . bill she 's quite a girl , that what 's - she name ... margo eve. I would forget they grow that way ... bill the lack of pretense , that sort of strange directness and understanding - margo do she tell you about the theater and what it mean ? bill ( grin ) I tell she . I sound off . margo all the religion in the world roll into one , and we be god and goddess ... be not it silly , suddenly I have develop a big protective feel for she - a lamb loose in we big stone jungle ... Bill pause and pull she to one side . some passenger go by . a pause . margo take care of yourself out there ... bill I understand they have get the Indians pretty well in hand ... margo Bill ... bill huh ? margo do not get stick on some glamour puss - bill I will try . margo you be not such a bargain , you know , conceit and thoughtless and messy - bill everybody can not be Gregory peck . margo - you be a setup for some gorgeous wide - eye young babe . bill how childish be you go to get before you quit it ? margo I do not want to be childish , I would settle for just a few year - bill ( firmly ) and cut that out right now . margo be I go to lose you , Bill ? be I ? bill as of this moment you be six year old ... he start to kiss she , stop when he become aware of Eve stand near they . she have he ticket in she hand . eve all ready . she hand Bill he ticket , they start toward the gate . int . boarding gate - laguardia - night the D.C. 6 in the b.g. a few visitor . Bill hand he ticket to the guard , turn to Eve . bill thanks for you help ... good luck . eve Goodbye , Mr. sampson . Bill put he arm around margo . bill knit I a muffler . margo call I when you get in ... they kiss . margo 's arm tighten desperately . Bill pull away , kiss she again lightly , start for the plane . margo turn away . Eve put she arm through margo 's . Bill pause en route to the plane . bill hey - junior ... margo turn to look at he with Eve . bill keep you eye on she . do not let she get lonely . she 's a loose lamb in a jungle ... Eve look at margo . margo smile . eve do not worry ... Bill wave , climb aboard . the door be close behind he , the departure routine start ... margo and eve turn to go . they walk down the passage . as they walk , Eve gently disengage she arm from margo 's and put it comfortingly about she ... margo' voice that same night we send for Eve 's thing , she few pitiful possession ... she move into the little guest room on the top floor ... int . dine hall - night margo slide she finger reflectively up and down the side of the almost empty highball glass . margo' voice ... she cry when she see it - it be so like she little room back home in Wisconsin . addison eyeing she quizzically . he offer she the whiskey . margo shake she head , absently . she look down at she glass again . then , she raise she eye to look at Eve . margo' voice ... the next three week be out of a fairy tale - and I be cinderella in the last act . Eve become my sister , lawyer , mother , friend , psychiatrist and cop - the honeymoon be on ... int . margo' live room - day it 's one floor above street level . a long narrow room , smartly furnish - include a Sarah siddon Award . margo' narrative overlap into the scene which be a silent one . Eve sit at a smart desk . she be just arrange a stack of letter which she carry to margo with a pen . margo sit comfortably by the fire with a play script . she hand the scrip up to Eve , shake she head and hold she nose . Eve smile , take the script , hand margo the letter to sign . Birdie come in with a tea tray which she set on a low table before the fire . the phone ring . Birdie and Eve both go for it . Eve get there first . by she polite but negative attitude , we know she be give someone a skillful brush -off . Birdie glare first at she , then at margo . margo lean she head back , close she eye blissfully ... Birdie slam the double door to the landing on she way out ... int . backstage - curran theater - day from the wing . the audience be never visible . Eve in the f.g. margo and company take a curtain call . tumultuous applause ... the curtain fall . the cast , except for margo and two male lead , walk off . the curtain rise again ... eve , watch and listen to the storm of applause . her eye shine , she clasp and unclasp she hand ... the stage , Eve again in the f.g. , but closer . again the curtain fall . this time the two man go off . curtain rise on margo alone . if anything , the applause build ... eve , that same hypnotic look ... there be tear in she eye . the curtain fall offscene , then rise again - margo , the curtain fall again between she and camera ... backstage , the curtain just settling on the floor . margo start off . stage manager one more ? margo ( shake she head ) from now on it 's not applause - just something to do till the aisle get less crowded ... she walk as she talk and wind up at Eve - still in the wing . Eve 's eye be wet , she dab at she nose . margo what - again ? eve I could watch you play that last scene a thousand time and cry every time - margo ( grin ) performance number one thousand of this one - if I play it that long - will take place in a well - padded booby hatch ... she take Eve 's arm , they stroll toward she dress room . eve I must say you can certainly tell Mr. sampson 's be go a month . margo you certainly can . especially if you be I between now and tomorrow morning ... eve I mean the performance . except for you , you would think he would never even direct it - it 's disgraceful the way they change everything around ... margo ( smile ) well , teacher 's away and actor will be actor ... eve during you second act scene with you father , Roger ferraday 's suppose to stay way upstage at the arch . he 's be come closer down every night ... margo when he get too close , I will spit in he eye . they be at she dress room by now . margo 's be unhook she gown , with Eve 's help . they go in . int . margo' dressing room - night it 's undergone quite a change . a new carpet , chintz cover for the furniture , new lampshade , dainty curtain across the filthy bar window . Birdie wait within . she 's listen to a fight ; she shut it off as they enter . margo ( enter ) you buy the new girdle a size smaller . I can feel it . birdie something maybe grow a size bigger . margo when we get home you be go to get into one of that girdle and act for two and half hour . birdie I could not get into the girdle in two a ' a half hour ... margo 's out of she wig and dress by now . she get into she robe , sit at the dress table . Eve 's on the chaise , by the discard costume . eve you have not notice my latest bit of interior decorate ... margo ( turn , look ) well , you have do so much ... what 's new ? eve the curtain . I make they myself . margo they be lovely . be not they lovely , Birdie ? birdie adorable . we now get everything a dress room need except a basketball hoop . margo just because you can not even work a zipper . it be very thoughtful , Eve , and I appreciate it - a pause . Eve rise , pick up margo 's costume . eve while you be clean up , I will take this to the wardrobe mistress - margo do not bother . Mrs. Brown will be along for it in a minute . eve no trouble at all . and she go out with the costume . Birdie open she mouth , shut it , then open it again . birdie if I may so bold as to say something - do you ever hear the word " union " ? margo behind in you due ? how much ? birdie I have not get a union . I be slave labor . margo well ? birdie but the wardrobe woman have get one . and next to a tenor , a wardrobe woman be the touchiest thing in show business - margo ( catch on ) oh-oh . birdie she 's get two thing to do - carry clothes a ' press them wrong - a ' just let anybody else muscle in ... as she talk , margo hurry to the door and out after Eve . int . backstage - curran theater - night margo pop out , look for Eve , then stare in amazement . eve , near the wing . she stand before a couple of cheval mirror set up for cast member . she have margo 's dress hold up against she body . she turn this way and that , bow as if to applause - mimick margo exactly ... margo watch she curiously . then she smile . margo ( call ) Eve - eve , startle , whip the gown away , turn to margo . margo smile understandingly . margo ( quietly ) I think we would better let Mrs. Brown pick up the wardrobe ... wordlessly , Eve bring it toward she ... int . margo' bedroom - night margo 's asleep . a bedside clock with a luminous dial read 3 a.m. exactly . the phone ring . her head come up out of the pillow , she shake it . she fumble , switch on a lamp , then pick up the phone . margo hello .. operator' voice we be ready with you call to beverly Hills ... margo call , what call ? operator' voice it this templeton 89970 ? miss margo Channing ? margo that 's right , but I do not understand - operator' voice we be ready with the call you place for 12 midnight , California time , to Mr. William sampson in beverly Hills ... margo I place ...? operator' voice go ahead , please ... bill voice ( a loud , happy squawk ) margo ! what a wonderful surprise ! margo jump at he vehemence . as she do so , the screen wipe down diagonally left to right , so that margo remain in the lower right -hand diagonal of the screen and Bill be disclose in the upper leave . he , too , be in bed , read . his clock say midnight . bill ( continue ) what a thoughtful , ever-lovin ' thing to do - margo ( daze ) Bill ? have I go crazy , Bill ? bill you be my girl , be not you ? margo that I be ... bill then you be crazy . margo ( nod in agreement ) when - when be you come back ? bill I leave in a week - the picture 's all wrap up , we preview last night ... that preview . like open out of town , but terrifying . there 's nothing you can do , you be trap , you be in a tin can - margo - in a tin can , cellophane or wrap in a navajo blanket , I want you home ... bill you in a hurry ? margo a big hurry , be quick about it - so good night , darling , and sleep tight ... bill wait a minute ! you can not hang up , you have not even say it - margo Bill , you know how much I do - but over the phone , now really , that 's kid stuff ... bill kid stuff or not , it do not happen every day , I want to heat it - and if you will not say it , you can sing it ... margo ( convinced she 's go mad ) sing it ? bill sure ! like the western Union boy use to do ... margo 's eye pop . her jaw and the phone sag . margo Bill ... Bill , it 's you birthday . bill and who remember it ? who be there on the dot , at twelve midnight ...? margo know damn well it be not she . margo ( miserably ) happy birthday , darling ... bill the read could have be better , but you say it - now " many happy return of the day ... " margo ( the same ) many happy return of the day ... bill I get a party , do not I ? margo of course , birthday and welcome home ... who will I ask ? bill ( laugh ) it 's no secret , I know all about the party - Eve write I ... margo she do ...? bill she have not miss a week since I leave - but you know all that , you probably tell she what to write ... anyway , I send she a list of people to ask - check with she . margo yeah ... I will . bill how be Eve ? okay ? margo okay . bill I love you ... margo ( mutter ) I will check with Eve ... bill what ? margo I love you too . good night , darling - bill see you ... margo hang up . Bill hang up . he replace the phone , pick up he book ... slow wipe until only margo be on screen . she put she phone away . she get a cigarette . she light it . she roll over on she back ... int . margo' bedroom - day margo be propped up in bed , still reflective . Birdie come in with she breakfast tray and a " hi " which get a " hi " from margo . she start on some petty chore . margo take a sip of orange juice ... margo Birdie - birdie hmm ? margo you do not like Eve , do you ? birdie do you want a argument or a answer ? margo a answer . birdie no . margo why not ? birdie now you want a argument . margo she work hard . birdie night a ' day . margo she 's loyal and efficient - birdie like a agent with one client . margo she think only for I ... ( no answer from Birdie ) ... do not she ? birdie ( finally ) well ... let 's say she think only about you , anyway ... margo how do you mean that ? Birdie stop whatever it be she 's do . birdie I will tell you how . like - let 's see - like she be studyin ' you , like you be a play or a book or a set of blueprint . how you walk , talk , think , eat , sleep - margo ( break in ; sharply ) I be sure that 's very flatter , Birdie , and I be sure there 's nothing wrong with that ! there be a sharp , brisk knock . Eve come in . she 's dress in a smart suit . she carry a leather portfolio . eve good morning ! margo say " good morning , " Birdie say nothing . Eve show off the suit , proudly . eve well - what do you think of my elegant new suit ? margo very become . it look better on you than it do on I . eve ( scoff ) I can imagine ... you know , all it need be some take in here and let out there - be you sure you will not want it yourself ? margo quite sure . I find it just a bit too - too " seventeenish " for I ... eve ( laugh ) oh , come now , as though you be a old lady ... I be on my way . be there anything more you have think of -? margo there 's the script to go back to the Guild - eve I have get it . margo - and that check or whatever it be for the income tax man . eve right here . margo it seem I can not think of a thing you have not think of ... eve ( smile ) that 's my job . ( she turn to go ) see you at tea time ... margo Eve ... ( Eve turn at the door ) ... by any chance , do you place a call from I to Bill for midnight California time ? eve ( gasp ) oh , golly . and I forget to tell you - margo yes , dear . you forget all about it . eve well , I be sure you would want to , of course , be he birthday , and you have be so busy this past few day , and last night I mean to tell you before you go out with the Richards - and I guess I be asleep when you get home ... margo yes , I guess you be . it - it be very thoughtful of you , Eve . eve Mr. sampson 's birthday . I certainly would not forget that . you would never forgive I . ( she smile shyly ) as a matter of fact , I send he a telegram myself ... and she 's go . margo stare at the close door . then at Birdie . Birdie , without comment , go out . margo , alone , look down at she orange juice . absently , she twirl it in its bed of shave ice ... int . dine hall - sarah siddon society - night margo , reflectively twirling she highball glass . the applause continue . she lift she glass to drink . her glance meet karen' . she raise the glass in a silent toast . karen smile wanly at margo 's toast . then the smile fade as she look reflectively back to Eve ... karen' voice I see Eve quite often after we first meeting , but we never really talk again - until the party margo give for Bill when he return from Hollywood ... int . margo' bedroom - night it 's January . the bed be litter with fur coat . through the open door , from the floor below , the murmur of a party at a late hour . no hilarity . karen' voice it 's always convenient at a party to know the hostess well enough to use she bedroom rather than go where all the other have to go ... Karen be make repair at margo 's dress table . Eve enter , carry a magnificent sable coat which she drop on the bed . karen now who 's show up at this hour ? it 's time people go home - hold that coat up ... ( Eve hold it up ; Karen whistle ) ... whose be it ? eve some Hollywood movie star , she plane get in late . karen discourage , be not it ? woman with fur like that where it never get cold ... eve Hollywood . karen tell I , Eve - how be thing with you ? happy ? Eve melt into warmth . she beam , sit on the bed . Karen have spun around on the dress table stool . eve there should be a new word for happiness . be here with miss Channing have be - I just can not say , she 's be so wonderful , do so much for I - karen ( smile ) Lloyd say margo compensate for underplay on the stage by overplay reality ... ( she get up , get she coat ) ... next to that sable , my new mink seem like a old bedjacket ... ( throw it over she shoulder ) ... you have do you share , Eve . you have work wonder with margo ... she start out . eve ( hesitantly ) Mrs. Richards . karen ( pause , smile ) Karen . eve Karen ... ( she pick at the coverlet ) ... be not it awful , I be about to ask you for another favor - after all you have already do . karen ( cross to she ) nobody 's do so much , Eve , you have get to stop think of yourself as one of the hundre neediest case ... what be it ? eve well ... miss Channing 's affair be in such good shape ... there be not enough to keep I as busy as I should be , really - not that I have ever consider anything that would take I away from she ... but the other day - when I hear Mr. fabian tell miss Channing that she understudy be go to have a baby , and they would have to replace she ... she look down at the coverlet once more . karen ... you want to be margo 's new understudy . eve I do not let myself think about it , even - ( she look up , rise as she speak ) - but I do know the part so well , and every bit of the staging , there would be no need to break in a new girl - ( suddenly afraid , she sit ) - but suppose I have to go on one night ? to a audience that come to see margo Channing . no , I could not possibly ... karen ( laugh ) do not worry too much about that . margo just do not miss performance . if she can walk , crawl or roll - she play . eve ( nod proudly ) the show must go on . karen no , dear . margo must go on . ( she sit beside Eve ) as a matter of fact , I see no reason why you should not be margo 's understudy ... eve do you think miss Channing would approve ? karen I think she would cheer . eve but Mr. Richards and Mr. sampson - karen they will do as they be tell . Eve smile a little . a pause . eve then - would you talk to Mr. fabian about it ? karen of course . eve you will not forget it ? karen I will not forget . eve I seem to be forever thanking you for something , do not I ? she hug Karen , leave . she nearly collide with Birdie on she way in . birdie the bed look like a dead animal act . which one be sables ? karen ( point ) but she just get here ... birdie she 's on she way . with half the man in the joint . ( she hold up the coat ) it 's only a fur coat ... karen what do you expect - live sables ? birdie a diamond collar , gold sleeve - you know , picture people ... they start out . karen Bill say actor out there eat just as infrequently as here - birdie they can always grab orange off tree . this you can not do in Times Square ... through the open door , we see they go down the stair and out of sight . int . second floor landing and stair - night Karen and Birdie come down the stair to Bill , Max , addison , a blonde young lady name miss caswell ( addison 's protegee - of the -moment ) - and , at the foot of Bill and addison ... Eve . they be all seat on the step . Birdie go through and down the stair to the first floor . Karen remain with the other . addison be hold forth : addison every now and then , some elder statesman of the theater or cinema assure the public that actor and actress be just plain folk . ignoring the fact that they great attraction to the public be they complete lack of resemblance to normal human being . miss caswell ( as Birdie and the sables pass ) now there 's something a girl could make sacrifice for . bill voice and probably have . miss caswell sable . max ( to miss caswell ) do you say sable - or gable ? miss caswell either one . addison it be senseless to insist that theatrical folk in New York , Hollywood and London be no different from the good people of Des Moines , chillicothe and Liverpool . by and large , we be concentrate gathering of neurotics , egomaniacs , emotional misfit , and precocious child - max ( to Bill ) gable . why a feller like that do not come East to do a play ... bill ( nod ) he must be miserable , the life he life out there - addison this so-called abnormality - they be we stock in trade , they make we actor , writer , director , et cetera in the first place - max answer I this . what make a man become a producer ? addison what make a man walk into a lion cage with nothing but a chair ? max this answer satisfy I a hundred percent . addison we all have abnormality in common . we be a breed apart from the rest of the humanity , we theater folk . we be the original displace personality ... bill ( laugh ; to Eve ) you do not have to read he column tomorrow - you just hear it . I do not agree , addison ... addison that happen to be you particular abnormality . bill oh , I admit there 's a screwball element in the theater . it stick out , it 's get spotlight on it and a brass band . but it be not basic , it be not standard - if it be , the theater could not survive ... miss caswell ( to a pass butler ) oh , waiter ... the butler go right by . addison that be not a waiter , my dear . that 's a butler . miss caswell well , I can not yell " oh , butler , " can I ? maybe somebody 's name be butler ... addison you have a point . a idiotic one , but a point . miss caswell I do not want to make trouble . all I want be a drink . max ( get up ) leave I get you one ... miss caswell ( pitching ) oh , thank you , Mr. fabian . Max leave with she empty glass . addison well do . I see you career rise in the East like the sun ... ( to Bill ) ... you be say ? bill I be say that the theater be nine - tenth hard work . work do the hard way - by sweat , application and craftsmanship . I will agree to this - that to be a good actor , actress , or anything else in the theater , mean want to be that more than anything else in the world ... eve ( abruptly ) yes . yes , it do . bill ( go on ) it mean concentration of ambition , desire , and sacrifice such as no other profession demand ... and I will agree that the man or woman who accept that term can not be ordinary , can not be - just someone . to give so much for almost always so little ... Eve speak almost unaware of what she say . she look at no one in particular , just off ... eve so little . so little , do you say ? why , if there 's nothing else - there 's applause . it 's like - like wave of love come over the footlight and wrapping you up . imagine ... to know , every night , that different hundred of people love you ... they smile , they eye shine - you have pleased they , they want you , you belong . just that alone be worth anything ... she become aware of addison 's strange smile , of Bill 's look of warm interest . she 's embarrassed , she turn away - then scramble to she foot as margo approach with Lloyd from the direction of the pantry . margo 's have too much to drink . her fake smile fade as Eve get up . she 's unpleasant and depressed . margo do not get up . and please stop act as if I be the queen mother . eve ( hurt ) I be sorry , I do not mean to - bill ( sharply ) outside of a beehive , margo , you behavior would hardly be consider either queenly or motherly ! margo you be in a beehive , pal , do not you know ? we be all busy little bee , full of sting , make honey day and night - ( to Eve ) - be not we , honey ? karen margo , really ... margo please do not play governess , Karen , I have not you unyield good taste , I wish I would go to radcliffe too but father would not hear of it - he need help at the notion counter ... ( to addison ) I be be rude now , be not I ? or should I say " be not I " ? addison you be maudlin and full of self pity . you be magnificent . Max have come up with miss caswell 's drink . lloyd how about call it a night ? margo and you pose as a playwright . a situation pregnant with possibility - and all you can think of be everybody to go to sleep ... bill it 's a good think . margo it will not play . karen as a nonprofessional , I think it 's a excellent idea . undramatic , but practical ... as she speak , she make she way to Lloyd 's side . margo happy little housewife ... bill cut it out . margo this be my house , not a theater ! in my house you be a guest , not a director - ! karen then stop be a star - start treat you guest as you support cast ! addison hear , hear ... lloyd now let 's not get into a big hassle - karen it 's about time we do ! it 's about time margo realize that what 's attractive on stage need not necessarily be attractive off . margo ( suddenly ) all right ! I be go to bed . ( to Bill ) you be the host . it 's you party . happy birthday , welcome home , and we-who-are-about - to-die-salute - you . she start upstairs . bill need any help ? margo ( pause , smile ) to put I to bed ? take my clothes off , hold my head , tuck I in , turn off the light , tiptoe out ...? eve would . would not you , Eve ? eve if you would like . margo I would not like . she go up , exit out of sight . a pause . miss caswell reach up to take the drink out of Max 's hand . max I forget I have it . miss caswell I do not . Bill get up and go after margo ... addison too bad ! we will miss the third act . they be go to play it off stage . Eve turn away abruptly , in sudden tear . lloyd come ? karen in a minute ... she cross to Eve , put a arm around she . karen you must not mind margo too much , even if I do ... eve but there must be some reason , something I have do without know ... karen the reason be margo and do not try to figure it out . Einstein could not . eve if I think I would offended she , of all people - karen eve. I be fond of margo too . but I know margo . and every now and then there be nothing I want to do so much as to kick she right square in the pants . eve ( smile ) well - if she 's get to pick on someone , I would just as soon it be I . Karen smile back . she join Lloyd and Max . lloyd Max be go to drop we ... addison I have often wonder , Max , why you bother with a chauffeur and limousine in New York City . max in my case it 's necessary . too many taxi driver write play . addison and too many of they be produce . miss caswell let 's go sit by the piano . addison you have I confuse with Dan dailey . you go sit by the piano . ( to Eve ) and you come sit by I . ( to the other ) good night . they laugh , say " good night , " and start downstairs . as Eve cross to addison : eve Karen ... ( Karen pause ) ... you will not forget , will you ? what we talk about before ? karen ( smile ) no , Eve , I will not forget ... she follow the man downstairs . close up of a old engrave of Mrs. siddon as ' the tragic muse ' which hang among other theatrical memento on the stair wall ... int . dine hall - sarah siddon society - night the applause continue . margo sit back in she chair now , pick at a bit of fingernail polish ... margo' voice Bill 's welcoming - home-birthday party ... a night to go down in history . like the Chicago Fire - or the massacre of the Huguenot . even before the party start , I could smell disaster in the air ... int . margo' bedroom - night the same night as the previous sequence , but before the party have start . margo be all dress except for jewelry . she stand before she dress table put it on . she sip at a enormous martini ... margo' voice I know it , I sense it even as I finish dress for that blast party ... Birdie come in . birdie you all put together ? margo my back 's open . ( Birdie go to work on it ) do the extra help get here ? birdie there 's some loose character dress like maid and butler . who would you call - the William Morris Agency ? margo you be not be funny , I could get actor for less . what about the food ? birdie the caterer have to back for hor d'oeuvre - ( she zip margo ) voila . margo ( laugh ) that french ventriloquist teach you a lot , do not he ? birdie there be nothing he do not know . ( she start tidy the room ) there 's a message from the bartender . do miss Channing know we order domestic gin by mistake ? margo the only thing I order by mistake be the guest . ( Birdie cackle ) they be domestic , too , and they do not care what they drink as long as it burn ... where 's Bill ? he 's late . birdie late for what ? margo do not be dense . the party . birdie I be not dense . and he 's be here twenty minute . margo well , I certainly think it 's odd he have not even come up ... her glance meet Birdie 's . she turn and stroll out . int . third floor landing - night margo speed up go down the stair . int . second floor landing - night margo show up again deliberately as she reach the landing . sound of Bill and Eve laugh together from the live room . margo stroll toward it casually . we see Eve seat , look up fascinate at Bill as he talk - out of the laughter ... bill " do not let it worry you , " say the cameraman , " even demille could not see anything look through the wrong end - " ( Eve chuckle ) so that be the first and last time - Eve see margo approach . she get up . Bill turn . int . margo' live room - night as margo stroll up , very off-hand . margo do not let I kill the point . or be not it a story for grownup ? bill you have hear it . about when I look through the wrong end of a camera finder . margo ( to Eve ) remind I to tell you about when I look into the heart of a artichoke . eve I would like to hear it . margo some snowy night in front of the fire ... in the meantime , while we be on the subject , will you check about the hor d'oeuvre ? the caterer forget they , the varnish be not dry or something ... eve of course . she leave . a short lull . margo look into cigarette box . Bill eye she curiosity , cross to the fire . bill look like I be go to have a very fancy party ... margo I think you be go to be late - bill when I be guest of honor ? margo I have no idea you be even here . bill I run into Eve on my way upstairs ; she tell I you be dress . margo that never stop you before . bill well , we start talk , she want to know all about Hollywood , she seem so interested ... margo she 's a girl of so many interest . bill it 's a pretty rare quality this day . margo she 's a girl of so many rare quality . bill so she seem . margo ( the steel begin to flash ) so you have point out , so often . so many quality , so often . her loyalty , efficiency , devotion , warmth , affection - and so young . so young and so fair ... Bill catch the drift . incredulously . bill I can not believe you be make this up - it sound like something out of a old clyde fitch play ... margo clyde fitch , think you may not think so , be well before my time ! bill ( laugh ) I have always deny the legend that you be in ' we american cousin ' the night lincoln be shot ... margo I do not think that 's funny ! bill of course it 's funny - this be all too laughable to be anything else . you know what I think about this - this age obsession of yours - and now this ridiculous attempt to whip yourself up into a jealous froth because I spend ten minute with a stage - strike kid - margo twenty minute ! bill thirty minute , forty minute ! what of it ? margo stage-struck kid ... she 's a young lady - of quality . and I will have you know I be feed up with both the young lady and she quality ! study I as if - as if I be a play or a set of blueprint ! how I walk , talk , think , eat , sleep ! bill now how can you take offense at a kid try in every way to be as much like she ideal as possible ! margo stop call she a kid ! it so happen there be particular aspect of my life to which I would like to maintain sole and exclusive rights and privilege ! bill for instance what ? margo for instance - you ! bill this be my cue to take you in my arm and reassure you - but I be not go to . I be too mad - margo - guilty . bill mad ! darling , there be certain characteristic for which you be famous - on stage and off . I love you for some of they - and in spite of other . I have not let that become too important to I . they be part of you equipment for get along in what be laughably call out environment - you have get to keep you tooth sharp . all right . but you will not sharpen they on I - or on Eve ... margo what about she tooth ? what about she fang ? bill she have not cut they yet , and you know it ! so when you start judge a idealistic dreamy - eye kid by the barroom , benzedrine standard of this megalomaniac society - I will not have it ! Eve harrington have never by word , look , think or suggestion indicate anything to I but she adoration for you and she happiness at we be in love ! and to intimate anything else do not spell jealousy to I - it spell a paranoic insecurity that you should be ashamed of ! margo cut! print it ! what happen in the next reel ? do I get drag off scream to the snake pit ? eve' voice ( quietly ) miss Channing ? Bill and margo look off . Eve be in the room . they have no way of know how long she 's be there . eve the hor d'oeuvre be here . be there anything else I can do ? margo thank you , eve. I would like a martini - very dry . bill I will get it . ( he cross to Eve ) what will you have ? Eve , involuntarily , look to margo . margo a milkshake ? Eve smile , turn to Bill . eve a martini . very dry , please ... Bill smile back and start across the landing toward the pantry . as he cross the stair , Karen , Lloyd and Max come up from the street level below . General greeting . Bill continue up to pantry . Eve and then margo come up to add they welcome ... eve ( to Karen ) May I have you coat ? karen do not bother , I can take it up myself ... eve please ... Karen yield with a " thank you , Eve - . " Eve go up with the coat . Lloyd look after she approvingly . lloyd I like that girl . that quality of quiet graciousness ... margo ... among so many quiet quality . they start for the live room . karen margo , nothing you have ever do have make I as happy as you take Eve in ... margo I be so happy you be happy . max look , you have not be run a settlement house exactly - the kid 's earn she way . you have a pretty mix - up inventory when she take over - merchandise lay all over the shop ... lloyd you have get margo mix up with a five - and - ten-cent store ... margo make it bergdorf goodman ... and now everything be on its proper shelf , eh , Max ? done up in little ribbon . I could die right now and nobody would be confuse . how about you , Max ? max how about I what ? they have come to a halt near the fireplace . margo suppose you drop dead . what about you inventory ? max I be not gonna die . not with a hit . karen this be the most ghoulish conversation ... Bill bring two martinis . he hand one to margo . margo ( it drip ice ) thank you . bill nothing , really ... margo the kid - junior , that be - will be right down . unless you would like to take she drink up to she ... bill ( smile ) I can always get a fresh one . Karen - you be a Gibson girl ... he hand Eve 's drink to Karen . Max have wander off . other guest be arrive . margo gulp she drink , hand Bill the empty glass . he put it on a pass tray . margo take a fresh one at the same time . lloyd the general atmosphere be very macbethish . what have or be about to happen ? margo ( to Bill ) what be he talk about ? bill macbeth . karen ( to margo ) we know you , we have see you before like this . be it over - or just beginning ? margo survey they all . margo fasten you seat belt . it 's go to be a bumpy night . she downs the drink , hand the empty glass to Bill , and leave they . she pass two woman , gab by the piano . as they see she : woman # 1 margo , darling ! woman # 2 darling ! margo ( pass ) darling ... she arrive at the landing just as addison come up with miss caswell . margo take a drink from a pass tray . margo ( to addison ) I distinctly remember strike you name from the guest list . what be you do here ? addison dear margo . you be a unforgettable Peter Pan - you must play it again , soon . you remember miss caswell ? margo I do not . how do you do ? miss caswell we never meet . that 's why . addison miss caswell be a actress . a graduate of copacabana School of Dramatic Arts . ( he glance be attract by Eve come downstairs ) ah ... Eve . eve ( deferentially ) good evening , Mr. dewitt . margo I have no idea you know each other . addison this must be , at long last , we formal introduction . until now we have meet only in pass ... miss caswell that 's how you meet I . in pass . margo ( smile ) Eve , this be a old friend of Mr. dewitt 's mother - miss caswell , miss harrington ... ( the two girl say hello ) addison , I have be want you to meet Eve for the longest time - addison ( murmur ) it could only have be you natural timidity that keep you from mention it ... margo you have hear of she great interest in the theater - addison we have that in common . margo then you two must have a long talk - eve I be afraid Mr. dewitt would find I boring before too long . miss caswell you will not bore he , honey . you will not even get to talk . addison ( icily ) Claudia dear , come closer . ( she do , and he point ) this be Max fabian . he be a producer . go do yourself some good . miss caswell ( sigh ) why do they always look like unhappy rabbit ? addison because that be what they be . go make he happy . miss caswell drape she coat over the rail , head for Max . addison put Eve 's arm in he . addison ( to margo ) you must not worry about you little charge . she be in safe hand . margo amen . Eve smile uncertainly at margo as he lead she away . margo look after they . she downs she drink ... int . margo' live room - night it 's many martinis later . most of the guest have go . the party have reach that static state - everyone 's assume more or less permanent place . Birdie pass , carry a cup of coffee . camera follows she to the piano where margo sit on the bench beside the pianist . he be just finish " liebestraum " and she stare moodily into a martini . Birdie halt beside she with the coffee . margo look up . Birdie hold out the coffee . margo take the onion out of the martini , drop it into the coffee and wave Birdie away . Birdie go . " liebestraum " come to a end . the pianist try to ease into a more sophisticated rhythm . margo stop he . margo ( quietly ) " liebestraum . " pianist I just play it . margo play it again . pianist but that be the fourth straight time . margo then this will be five . I suppose you think I be too drunk to count . pianist no . you be just crazy about " liebestraum . " margo " liebestraum . " pianist look , miss Channing ... it 's kind of depress . if you do not mind my say so , everybody 's kind of die on the vine ... margo my dear horowitz . in the first place , I be pay you union scale . second , it 's my piano . third , if everybody do not like kind of die on the vine , they can get off the vine and go home . " liebestraum . " unhappily , he play " liebestraum . " margo sip she martini , stare down into it again . Bill tiptoe up . bill ( whisper ) many of you guest have be wonder when they may be permit to view the body . where have it be laid out ? margo ( somberly ) it have not be laid out , we have not finish with the embalm . as a matter of fact , you be look at it . the remain of margo Channing . sitting up . it be my last wish to be bury sit up . bill ( try to kid she out of it ) would not you feel more natural take a bow ? margo you know nothing about feeling , natural or unnatural . bill then without feel , you guest be also wonder whether the music could not be a shade more on the - shall we say , happier side ? margo if my guest do not like it here , I suggest they accompany you to the nursery where I be sure you will all feel more at home . Bill be about to get mad - when Max bustles up . max margo . you by any chance get bicarbonate of soda in the house ? margo ( sympathetic ) poor max. heartburn ? ( Max nod ) it 's that miss caswell . I do not know why she do not give addison heartburn . bill no heart to burn . margo everybody have a heart - except some people . ( she finish she drink , stand up ) of course I have get bicarb . there 's a box in the pantry . we will put you name on it . Max fabian . it will say there . always . just for you . max ( touch ) let the rest of the world beat they brain out for a buck . it 's friend that count . and I get friend . margo I love you , Max . I really mean it . I love you . come to the pantry . she take off . Max wait to set Bill straight . max she love I like a father . also , she 's load . he start off after margo . as the camera pan with Bill we see margo go into the pantry with Max follow she . Bill join addison and miss caswell on the stair . int . pantry - night it 's a good size one . in the b.g. , the caterer be pack dish , glassware , etc . margo cross to a cupboard . she find the bicarb . margo here you be , maxie dear . one good burp and you will be rid of that miss caswell ... max the situation I be in be not the kind you can belch you way out . I make a promise ... margo miss caswell ? ( Max nod ) what ? max a audition for the part we be replace . what 's -her - name , you sister ... he add water to the bicarb . margo well , if she can act , she might not be bad . she look like she might burn down a plantation ... max ( mixing ) I feel right now like there 's one burn in I . margo when 's the audition ? max a couple of week . margo I tell you what . why do not I read with she ? max would you ? margo anything to help you out , Max . max this be real cooperation . I appreciate it . margo not at all . and you could do I a big favor , if you would - max all you get to do be name it . margo give Eve harrington job in you office . Max burp . margo you get quick action , do not you ? max margo , I would not think of take that girl away from you ... margo you say yourself my inventory be in good shape - all of my merchandise put away . to keep she here with nothing to do - I would be stand in she way ... and you need she , Max . max but what could she do ? margo she would be a great help - read script , interview people you have to see , get rid of the one you do not have to ... you would be a man of leisure - max well ... margo think of you health , Max - more time to relax out in the fresh air at a race track ... max I do not know if this would be a wise move ... margo promise . max I promise . margo ( happily ) that 's my Max . Lloyd enter , look for she . lloyd there you be , both of you . Max , Karen have decide it 's time to go . margo where be she ? lloyd up in the room . max if you will excuse I - ( to margo ) I will tell miss caswell ... he go out . a pause . margo who 's leave out there ? lloyd too many . and you have get a new guest . a movie star from Hollywood . margo shucks . and my autograph book be at the cleaner . another pause . margo you disapprove of I when I be like this , do not you ? lloyd not exactly . sometimes , though , I wish I understand you better . margo when you do , let I in on it . lloyd I will . another pause . margo how 's the new one come ? lloyd the play ? all right , I guess ... margo " cora . " she 's - still a girl of twenty ? lloyd twentyish . it be not important . margo do not you think it 's about time it become important ? lloyd how do you mean ? margo do not be evasive . lloyd margo , you have not get any age . margo miss Channing be ageless . speak like a press agent . lloyd I know what I be talk about , after all they be my play ... margo speak like a author . ( abruptly ) Lloyd , I be not twentyish . I be not thirtyish . Three month ago , I be forty year old . forty . four oh. ( smile ) that slip out , I have not quite make up my mind to admit it . now I feel as if I would suddenly take all my clothes off ... lloyd week after week , to thousand of people , you be as young as you want ... margo ... as young as they want , you mean . and I be not interested in whether thousand of people think I be six or six hundred - lloyd just one person . be not that so ? ( margo do not answer ) you know what this be all about , do not you ? it have very little to do with whether you should play " cora " - it have everything to do with the fact that you have have another fight with Bill . a pause . margo close the box of bicarb . margo Bill 's thirty - two . he look thirty two . he look it five year ago , he will look it twenty year from now . I hate man . ( she put the box down ) do not worry , Lloyd . I will play you play . I will wear romper and come in roll a hoop if you like ... let 's go say good night . they exit into the dining room . as they open the swinging door , the camera remains in the doorway . margo and Lloyd walk toward the stair . in the b.g. , Eve be talk to the group . how much she say be dependent on how long it take margo and Lloyd to reach she . eve ( in the b.g. ) imagine ... to know , every night , that different hundred of people love you ... they smile , they eye shine - you have pleased they , they want you , you belong . anything 's worth that . just as before , she become aware of margo 's approach with Lloyd . she scramble to she foot ... margo do not get up . and please stop act as if I be the queen mother . and as margo speak - or before - we fade out . fade in : ext . n.y. theater STREET - day margo get out of a cab in front of the theater and go in . it 's Friday afternoon - no performance . margo' voice what be it the wise man say - " this , too , will pass away " ? two week later - the day of the audition - all be well with Bill and I , the world and I - int . lobby and foyer - curran theater - day margo come from the street through the lobby ( a few people buy ticket ) and into the desert foyer . she spot addison sprawle on one of the sofa . margo why so remote , addison ? I should think you would be at the side of you protegee , lend she moral support ... addison miss caswell , at the moment , be where I can lend no support - moral or otherwise . margo the lady ' - shall we say - lounge ? addison be violently ill to she tummy . margo it 's good luck before a audition . she will be all right once it start . she head for the auditorium . addison miss caswell get lucky too late . the audition be over . margo ( stop ) over ? it can not be . I have come to read with she . I promise Max . addison the audition be call for 2:30 . it be now nearly four . margo ( lightly ) be it really ? I must start wear a watch , I never do , you know ... who read with miss caswell ? Bill ? ( he shake he head ) Lloyd ? ( he shake he head ) well , it could not have be Max ! who ? addison naturally enough , you understudy . margo I consider it highly unnatural to allow a girl in a advanced state of pregnancy - addison I refer to you new and unpregnant understudy . Eve harrington . margo Eve ! my understudy ... addison ( keenly ) do not you know ? margo ( quickly ) of course I know . addison it just slip you mind . a moment of silence . margo how ... how be miss caswell ? addison frankly , I do not remember . margo just slip you mind . addison completely . nor , I be sure , could anyone else present tell you how miss caswell read or whether miss caswell read or ride a pogo stick . margo be she that bad ? as addison speak , he rise with excitement . addison margo , as you know , i have live in the theater as a trappist monk life in he faith . I have no other world , no other life - and once in a great while I experience that moment of revelation for which all true believer wait and pray . you be one . Jeanne eagel another ... Paula wessely ... haye - there be other , three or four . Eve harrington will be among they ... margo ( flatly ) I take it she read well . addison it be not read , it be a performance . brilliant , vivid , something make of music and fire ... margo how nice . addison in time she will be what you be . margo a mass of music and fire . that 's I . a old kazoo and some sparkles . tell I - be Bill sweep away , too , or be you too full of revelation to notice ? addison Bill do not say - but Lloyd be beside himself . he listen to he play as if someone else have write it , he say , it sound so fresh , so new , so full of meaning ... margo how nice for Lloyd . and how nice for Eve . how nice for everybody . addison , of course , know exactly what she 's do . he sense the approach typhoon , he whip it up ... addison Eve be incredibly modest . she insisted that no credit be due she , that Lloyd feel as he do only because she read line exactly as he have write they . margo the implication be that I have not be read they as write . addison to the best of my recollection , neither you name nor you performance enter the conversation . miss caswell appear , uncertain , in the b.g. addison feeling better , my dear ? miss caswell like I just swim the English Channel . now what ? addison you next move , it seem to I , should be toward television . margo , abruptly , start for the auditorium . addison smile . he take miss caswell 's arm . miss caswell tell I this . do they have audition for television ? addison that 's all television be , my dear . nothing but audition . he take she toward the street . int . theater - curran theater - day the curtain be up ; the set , cover , be a bedroom in a deteriorate Southern mansion . there be no one in the theater but Max , seat on the aisle about two -third down , and Eve with Lloyd and Bill on the stage . she be seat ; they stand between she and auditorium . there be some ad lib talk among the three which we can not make out . margo march down the aisle with a steady pace . she pass Max smile a sickly , hopeful smile . she ignore he as if he be a use paper cup . she disappear through the door which lead backstage . Max whistle . Lloyd turn . Max indicate the door and put he hand to he head in despair . margo walk out of the wing on stage . Bill and Lloyd turn to she . Eve rise . margo ( cheerily ) terribly sorry I be late , lunch be long and I could not find a cab - where 's miss caswell , shall we start ? oh , hello , Eve ... eve hello , miss Channing . margo how be you make out in Mr. fabian 's office ? ( over the footlight to Max ) I do not want you work the child too hard , Max - just because you promise . as you see , I keep my promise , too ... Max slump in he seat . by the time margo turn back to they , the other have exchange swift look . bill it 's all over . margo what 's all over ? bill the audition . margo ( pleased astonishment ) Eve ? ( she turn to she ) how enchant ... ( to Lloyd and Bill ) wherever do you get the idea of have Eve read with miss caswell ? lloyd she 's you understudy . margo Eve ? Eve , my understudy ? but I have no idea ... lloyd I think you know ... she be put on over a week ago - margo it seem almost inconceivable that I have not see she backstage , but with so many people loitering around ... well , well . so Eve be not work for Max after all - ( out to Max again ) - Max you sly puss . Max submerges further in he seat . eve miss Channing , I can not tell you how glad I be that you arrive so late . margo really , Eve ? why ? eve well , if you would be here to begin with , I would not have dare to read at all ... margo why not ? eve ... and if you would come in the middle , I would have stop , I could not have go on - margo ( murmur ) what a pity , all that fire and music be turn off ... bill what fire and music ? margo you would not understand . ( to Lloyd ) how be miss caswell ? lloyd back to copacabana . but eve. margo , let I tell you about Eve - eve ( break in ) I be dreadful , miss Channing , believe I - I have no right to be anyone 's understudy , much less yours ... margo I be sure you underestimate yourself , Eve . you always do . ( to Lloyd ) you be about to tell I about Eve ... lloyd you would have be proud of she . margo I be sure . lloyd she be a revelation ... margo to you , too ? lloyd what do you mean ? margo ( the ice begin to form ) I mean , among other thing , that it must have be a revelation to have you twenty - four-year - old character play by twenty - four-year - old actress ... lloyd that 's beside the point . margo it 's right to the point . also that it must have sound so new and fresh to you - so exciting to have the line read as you write they ! bill addison -! margo so full of meaning , fire and music ! lloyd you have be talk to that venomous fishwife , addison dewitt - margo - in this case , apparently , as trustworthy as the World Almanac ! lloyd you know when you come in that the audition be over , that Eve be you understudy ! play that childish game of cat and mouse ... margo not mouse , never mouse ! if anything - rat ! lloyd you have a genius for make barroom brawl out of a perfectly innocent misunderstanding at most ! margo perfectly innocent ! man have be hang for less ! I be lie to , attack behind my back , accuse of read you silly dialogue inaccurately - as if it be Holy Gospel ! lloyd I never say it be ! margo then you listen as if someone else have write you play - whom do you have in mind ? sherwood ? Arthur Miller ? beaumont and fletcher ? Max have edge he way to the stage . max ( from below ) May I say a word ? lloyd no! ( to margo ) what make you think that either Miller or sherwood would stand for the nonsense I take from you - you would better stick to beaumont and fletcher ! they have be dead for three hundred year ! he stalk into the wing . Bill 's reaction to the fight be typical . he light a cigarette , stretch out on the cover bed . Eve stand freeze with fear . margo yell after Lloyd into the wing . margo and they be get better performance today than they ever get ! all playwright should be dead for three hundred year ! Lloyd come out of the door lead to the auditorium . the battle go on without a pause . as he yell back , he cross to Max at row a , center . lloyd that would solve none of they problem - because actress never die ! the star never die and never change ! he start up the aisle with Max . margo you can change this star any time you want ! for a new , fresh , exciting one fully equip with fire and music ! any time you want - start with tonight 's performance ! now it 's Max who stop and shout back at she . max this be for lawyer to talk about , this concern a run-of - the-play contract , and this you can not rewrite or ad lib ! margo ( from the stage ) be you threaten I with legal action , Mr. fabian ? max be you break the contract ? margo answer my question ! max who be I to threaten ? I be a die man . margo I do not hear you . max ( yell ) I say I be a die man ! margo not until the last drugstore have sell its last pill ! lloyd ( from the top of the aisle ) I shall never understand the weird process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancy itself a mind ! just when exactly do a actress decide they be she word she 's say and she thought she 's express ? margo usually at the point when she 's get to rewrite and rethink they to keep the audience from leave the theater ! lloyd it 's about time the piano realize it have not write the concerto ! Max have already walk out unhappily . Lloyd now slam out . margo glare after he , then turn to Bill who smoke he cigarette peacefully on the bed . margo ( quiet menace ) and you , I take it , be the paderewski who play he concerto on I , the piano ? ( Bill wave he cigarette ; he 's noncommittal ) where be princess fire-and -music ? bill who ? margo the kid . junior . bill ( look lazily ) go . margo I must have frighten she away . bill I would not be surprised . sometimes you frighten I . margo ( pace up and down ) poor little flower . just drop she petal and fold she tent ... bill do not mix you metaphor . margo I mix what I like . bill okay . mix . margo I be nothing but a body with a voice . no mind . bill what a body , what a voice . margo the ex-ship news ' reporter . no body , no voice , all mind ! bill the go ring . the fight 's over . calm down . margo I will not calm down ! bill do not calm down . margo you be be terribly tolerant , be not you ? bill I be try terribly hard . margo well , you need not . I will not be tolerate . and I will not be plotted against ! bill here we go ... margo such nonsense , what do you all take I for - little nell from the country ? be my understudy for over a week without my know , carefully hide no doubt - bill ( sit up ) now do not get carry away - margo ( go right on ) - show up for a audition when everyone know I would be here ... and give a performance ! out of nowhere - give a performance ! bill you have be all through that with Lloyd - margo the playwright do not make the performance - and it do not just happen ! and this one do not - full of fire and music and whatnot , it be carefully rehearse I have no doubt , over and over , full of that Bill sampson touch ! bill I be sick and tired of this paranoiac outburst ! margo paranoiac ! bill I do not know Eve harrington be you understudy until half past two this afternoon ! margo tell that to Dr. Freud ! along with the rest of it ... she turn away . Bill grab she , pull she down on the bed . he hold she down . bill no , I will tell it to you ! for the last time , I will tell it to you . because you have get to stop hurt yourself , and I , and the two of we by this paranoiac tantrum ! margo ( struggle ) that word again ! I do not even know what it mean ... bill ( firmly ) it 's time you find out . I love you . ( margo say " ha ! " ) I love you . you be a beautiful and intelligent woman - ( margo say " a body with a voice " ) - a beautiful and intelligent woman and a great actress - ( he wait ; margo say nothing ) - at the peak of she career . you have every reason for happiness - ( margo say " except happiness " ) - every reason , but due to some strange , uncontrollable , unconscious drive you permit the slight action of a kid - ( margo sneer " kid ! " ) - kid like Eve to turn you into a hysterical , scream harpy ! now once and for all , stop it ! margo seem quiet . he get up . she sit up . margo it 's obvious you be not a woman . bill I have be aware of that for some time . margo well , I be . bill I will say . margo do not be condescending . bill come on , get up . I will buy you a drink . margo ( with dignity ) I admit I may have see better day , but I be still not to be have for the price of a cocktail - like a salted peanut . bill ( laugh ) margo , let 's make peace . margo the term be too high . unconditional surrender . bill just be happy ? just stop all this nonsense about Eve - and Eve and I ? margo it 's not nonsense . bill but if I tell you it be - as I just do . be you listen to I ? ( margo nod ) be not that enough ? margo I wish it be . bill then what would be enough ? ( margo do not answer ) if we be marry ? margo I would not want you to marry I just to prove something . bill you have have so many reason for not want to marry I ... margo , tell I what 's behind all this . margo I - I do not know , Bill . just a feel , I do not know ... bill I think you do know but you will not or can not tell I . ( margo do not say ) I say before it be go to be my last try , and I mean it . I can not think of anything else to do . I wish I could . ( a pause ) we usually wind up scream and throw thing as the curtain come down . then it come up again and everything 's fine . but not this time . ( he take a breath ) you know there be not a playwright in the world who could make I believe this would happen between two adult people . Goodbye , margo . no word from she . he start away . margo Bill ... ( he stop ) ... where be you go ? to find Eve ? bill ( smile grimly ) that suddenly make the whole thing believable . he go out . margo , alone , sit for a moment sadly . then she begin to cry ... int . richard ' studio apartment - day one large room , a small foyer with a door to the corridor . a stair up one wall to a narrow balcony from which a couple of bedroom open . Karen be painting . earnestly but badly . a still life of a orange , a avocado , a eggplant and three bananas . karen' voice on the day of the audition , my biggest worry be to keep a banana look part of a eggplant ... then Lloyd come home . ( in the b.g. , Lloyd let himself in ) it be right after he brawl with margo ... Lloyd slam the door , fling he hat away , stride in , peel off muffler and overcoat . karen Lloyd , what happen ...? lloyd up to here ! that 's where I have get it - up to here ! of all the star ride , presumptuous , hysterical - karen margo , again ... lloyd and again and again ! two hour late for the audition , to begin with - karen that 's on time for margo . lloyd then a childish , heavy - hand routine about not know Eve be she understudy - karen it 's just possible she do not ... lloyd of course she know ! for one thing , addison tell she how superbly Eve have read the part -! ( suddenly soften ) Karen , let I tell you about Eve . she 's get everything - a bear actress . sensitive , understanding , young , exciting , vibrant - karen - do not run out of adjective , dear . lloyd - everything a playwright first think of want to write about ... until he play become a vehicle for miss Channing ... karen margo have not do badly by it . lloyd margo . margo 's great . she know it . that 's the trouble . she can play peck 's bad Boy all she want , and who 's to stop she ? who 's to give she that boot in the rear she need and deserve ? he start up the stair to the bedroom . karen ( murmur ) it 's go to be a cozy weekend . lloyd ( pause ) what be ? karen we be drive out to the country tomorrow night . just the four of we . Bill , margo , you and I ... lloyd well . we have spend weekend before with nobody talk ... ( continue up stair ) ... just be sure to lock up all blunt instrument and throwable object ... as he go into one of the bedroom , Karen sit thoughtfully on a couch . she muse ... karen' voice Newton - they say , think of gravity by get hit on the head by a apple . and the man who invent the steam engine , he be watch a tea-kettle ... but not I . my Big idea come to I just sit on a couch ... she lie down , fold she hand behind she head . karen' voice that boot in the rear to margo . Heaven know she have one come . from I , from Lloyd , from Eve , Bill , Max , and so on - we would all feel that size fives of hers often enough ... but how ? the answer be buzzing around I like a fly ... she sit up . she smile . the smile fade ... karen' voice I have it . but I let it go . scream and call name be one thing - but this could mean ... she shake she head , cross to she easel , resume work on the bananas . she slow down , then stop . karen' voice why not ? why , I say to myself , not ? it would all seem perfectly legitimate . and there be only two people in the world who would know . also , the boot would land where it would do the most good for all concerned - she put the brush away and cross to the phone which be by Lloyd 's work chair . as she cross : karen' voice and after all , it be not more than a perfectly harmless joke which margo , herself , would be the first to enjoy ... she look in a leather phone book , pick up the phone and dial . karen' voice ... and no reason why she should not be tell about it - in time . there 's a answer at the other end . karen ( into phone ) hello ... will you call miss Eve harrington to the phone , please ? not at all ... thank you . and as she wait we ... dissolve to : ext . countryside - night open country . preferably no house in sight . plenty of snow . Lloyd 's car drive along . karen' voice it be a cold weekend - outside and in . Bill do not come at all . margo do not know where he be and do not care - she keep say . somehow we staggered through Sunday - and by the time we drive margo to the station late Monday afternoon , she and Lloyd have thaw out to the extent of be civil to each other ... int . coupe - night Lloyd drive . all three in the front seat . karen what time be it ? lloyd when you ask a minute ago it be five - forty -two . it be now five forty - three . when you ask a minute from no , it will be - karen I just do not want margo to miss she train . as it be , she will barely make the theater ... lloyd five-fifty -five . we will be at the station in plenty of time ... margo that little place just two hour form New York . it 's on my list of thing - i'll - never - understand . like collect shrunken indian head ... karen of all people you should know what it mean to want some peace and quiet - margo peace and quit be for library . the car swerve - suddenly and slightly . karen Lloyd , be careful ... lloyd just a little skid , that 's all . this road 's like glass . margo Karen and I just do not want a accident - lloyd I have no intention of have a accident ! margo it 's not important whether you do . we be wear long underwear . they all laugh . suddenly the car slow and stop - with that hiss sound that can mean only one thing - no gas . lloyd now what 's this ...? he try to start it again . no luck . he turn on the dashboard light . the gas gauge read empty . lloyd but it can not be ! we can not be out of gas ! I fill it myself yesterday ! ( to Karen ) be not it full when you drive to brewster this morning ? karen ( very low ) I guess I do not look . you know I do not pay attention to that thing ... lloyd incredible . futilely , he run the start again . margo ( crisply ) how much time have we ? karen roughly ten minute . margo how far to the station ? karen Three or four mile ... margo any house or farm around where we can borrow gas ? karen ( look ) none in sight , there be not many along this back road ... margo not many car either , not much chance of a lift ... a moment of silence . lloyd well . no sense my just sit here . I be go to walk up about half a mile , just in case . he start out of the car . the cold come in like a knife , the woman react . karen you will break you neck on that ice . lloyd ( grin ) what a way to die - try to get a actress to the theater in time . tell Max I want to be bury with royalty ... karen do not joke about such thing . margo ( quietly ) how fortunate that I have a understudy so ready , so willing and so able to go on . lloyd the audience will want its money refunded , believe I . margo thank you , Lloyd . godspeed . Lloyd start down the road . he slip once , recover , wave and keep go . karen he always look so pathetic whenever he do anything physical - margo it seem to I that walk , for most people , be not very dangerous . karen ( smile ) I just never think of Lloyd as anywhere but indoors and anything but sit down . margo be brave . he will come back - with or without gas . they tuck the fur car robe around they . a pause . margo turn on the radio ... it 's " liebestraum . " margo do you want it on ? karen it do not matter . margo I detest cheap sentiment . she turn it off . another pause . margo Karen . ( Karen say " hm ? " ) I have not be pleasant this weekend . karen we have all seem a little tense lately ... margo come to think of it , I have not be very pleasant for week . for that , I be truly sorry . more than any two people I know , I do not want you and Lloyd to be angry with I ... karen we be never deeply angry , we just get sore . the way you do . we know you too well ... margo so many people - know I . I wish I do . I wish someone would tell be about I ... karen you be margo . just - margo . margo and what be that ? besides something spell out in light bulb , I mean . besides something call temperament , which consist mostly of swoop about on a broomstick cream at the top of my voice ... infant behave the way I do , you know . they carry on and misbehave - they would get drunk if they know how - when they can not have what they want . when they feel unwanted and insecure - or unlove . there 's a pause . karen what about Bill ? margo what about Bill ? karen he 's in love with you . margo more than anything in this world , I love Bill . and I want Bill . I want he to want I . but I . not margo Channing . and if I can not tell they apart - how can he ? karen why should he - and why should you ? margo Bill 's in love with margo Channing . he 's fight with she , work with she , love she ... but ten year from now - margo Channing will have cease to exist . and what 's leave will be ... what ? karen margo . Bill be all of eight year young than you . margo that year stretch as the year go on . I have see it happen too often . karen not to you . not to Bill . margo be not that what they always say ? she turn the radio on again . a piano nocturne ... margo I do not suppose the heater run when the motor do not ? karen silly , be not it ? you would think they would fix it so people could just sit in a car and keep warm ... margo nod , get some cigarettes out of she bag . she offer one to Karen . they light up . margo about Eve . I have act pretty disgracefully toward she , too . karen well ... margo let 's not fumble for excuse , not here and now with my hair down . at best , let 's say I have be oversensitive to ... well , to the fact that she 's so young - so feminine and helpless . to so many thing I want to be for Bill ... funny business , a woman 's career . the thing you drop on you way up the ladder , so you can move faster . you forget you will need they again when you go back to be a woman . that 's one career all female have in common - whether we like it or not - be a woman . sooner or later we have all get to work at it , no matter what other career we have have or want ... and , in the last analysis , nothing be any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turn around in bed - and there he be . without that , you be not woman . you be something with a french provincial office or a book full of clipping - but you be not a woman ... ( she smile at Karen ) ... slow curtain . the end . a pause . there be tear in Karen 's eye . karen margo . ( she hesitates ) margo , I want you to know how sorry I be about this ... margo about what ? karen ( indicate they predicament ) this . I can not tell you how sorry I be ! margo do not give it another think , one of destiny 's many prank . after all , you do not personally drain the gasoline out of the tank ... she snuggle down into she fur . Karen flash a unhappy look at she . she , too , snuggle down ... ext . theater alley - curran theater - night the snow have be shovele to either side of the alley , make a lane . the performance be just over . addison , he back to we , stand look toward the stage door . a few actor , on they way out . addison' voice Eve , of course , be superb . many of the audience understandably prefer to return another time to see margo . but that who remain cheer loudly , lustily and long for Eve ... how thoughtful of she to call and invite I - that afternoon ... he start to walk toward the stage door . addison' voice ... and what a happy coincidence that several representative of other newspaper happen to be present . all of we - invite that afternoon to attend a understudy 's performance ... he go in the stage door . int . backstage - curran theater - night more activity than last time , the performance be just over . addison come through the door , pick he way toward margo 's dress room . addison' voice ... about which the management know nothing until they be force to ring up the curtain at nine o'clock . coincidence . also every indication of intrigue , skulduggery and fraud ... the door tot he dress room be open just a bit . addison pause beside the door to listen . bill ( from within ) ... you be better than all right , kid , you give a performance , you ring a bell - addison use he cane to swing the door open farther , so that both he and we can see as well as hear . int . margo' dressing room - night Bill face Eve , who wear margo 's costume . she be a ravish sight . her eye shine up to he radiantly : bill ( continue ) - little thing here and there , it do not matter . you can be proud of yourself , you have get a right to be . eve ( quietly ) be you proud of I , Bill ? bill I will admit I be worried when Max call . I have my doubt . eve you should not have have any doubt . bill - after all , the other day be one scene , the wood be full of one scene sensation . but you do it . with work and patience , you will be a fine actress . if that 's what you want to be . eve be that what you want I to be ? bill I be talk about you . and what you want . eve so be I . bill what have I get to do with it ? eve everything . bill ( lightly ) the name I have be call . but never svengali . ( he pat she shoulder ) good luck . he start out . addison duck . eve do not run away , Bill . bill ( stop ) from what would I be run ? eve you be always after truth - on the stage . what about off ? bill ( curiously ) I be for it . eve then face it . I have . since that first night - here - in the dress room . bill ( smile ) when I tell you what every young actress should know . eve when you tell I that whatever I become , it would be because of you - bill you make - up 's a little heavy . eve - and for you . bill ( slowly ) you be quite a girl . eve you think ? bill I be in love with margo . have not you hear ? eve you hear all kind of thing . bill I be only human , rumor to the contrary . and I be as curious as the next man ... eve find out . bill ( deliberately ) only thing , what I go after , I want to go after . I do not want it to come after I . tear come to Eve 's eye . she turn away slowly . bill do not cry . just score it as a incomplete forward pass . he walk out . addison duck to avoid be see . Eve glare after Bill , tear the wig from she head , throw it on the dress table . her glance be catch by a pair of scissors . swiftly , she snatch they up and in a sharp , vicious gesture she slashes the wig . addison knock politely at the door . Eve turn . addison May I come in ? eve certainly , Mr. dewitt ... addison ( enter ) I expect to find this little room overcrowded , with a theater full of people at you foot ... eve I consider myself lucky they do not throw thing . she start cream she face , remove make -up . addison of course you performance be no surprise to I . after the other day I regard it as no more than - a promise fulfil . eve you be more than kind . but it 's still miss Channing 's performance . I be just a carbon copy you read when you can not find the original ... addison you be more than modest . eve it 's not modesty . I just do not try to kid myself . addison a revolutionary approach to the theater . however , if I may a suggestion ... eve please do . addison I think the time have come for you to shed some of you humility . it be just as false not to blow you horn at all as it be to blow it too loudly ... eve I do not think I have do anything to sound off about . addison we all come into this world with we little ego equip with individual horn . if we do not blow they - who will ? eve even so . one isolate pretty good performance by a understudy . it will be forget tomorrow . addison it need not be . eve even if I want to - as you say - be less humble , blow my own horn ... how would I do it ? I be less than nobody . addison I be somebody . Eve rise . she eye he steadily . eve you certainly be . she go into the bathroom . addison leave the door open a bit , so we can talk . Eve do so . addison after you change , if you be not busy elsewhere , we can have supper . eve ( from the bathroom ) I would love to ! or should I pretend I be busy ? addison ( smile ) let 's have a minimum of pretend . I will want to do a column about you - eve I be not enough for a paragraph . addison - perhaps more than one . there 's so much I want to know . I have hear you story in bit and piece ... you home in Wisconsin , you tragic marriage , you financial attachment to margo - it start in San Francisco , do not it ? ( no answer ; addison smile ) I say - you idolatry of margo start in San Francisco , do not it ? eve that 's right . addison San Francisco . a oasis of civilization in the California desert . tell I , do you share my high opinion of San Francisco ? eve yes . I do . addison and that memorable night when margo first dazzle you from the stage - which theater be it in San Francisco ? be it - the shubert ? eve ( a slight pause ) yes . the shubert . addison ( grin happily ) a fine old theater , the shubert . full of tradition , untouched by the earthquake - so sorry - fire ... by the way , what be you husband 's name ? eve Eddie ... addison Eddie what ? Eve stick she head and naked shoulder around the door . eve I be about to go into the shower , I will not be able to hear you ... addison I can wait . where would you like to go ? we will make this a special night ... eve ( trustingly ) you take charge . addison I believe I will . she close the door . he lean back , light a cigarette . ext . 52nd STREET - new york - night a cab drive up to " 21 . " karen' voice some of the morning papers carry a little squib about Eve 's performance . not much , but full praise ... I could not imagine how they find out about it - but Lloyd say Max 's publicity man probably send out the story ... Karen get out of the cab , pay and go in . karen' voice ... at any rate , I feel terribly guilty and ashamed of myself - and want nothing so much as to forget the whole thing . margo and I be have lunch at " 21 " - just like girlfriend - with hat on ... int . lobby - " 21 " - day Karen consult she watch and the doorman as she enter . karen have miss Channing come in ? doorman not yet , Mrs. Richards ... Karen see Eve who wait as addison hand he hat , coat , and cane to a attendant . she smile , cross to she . karen Eve . I have hear the most wonderful thing about you performance - eve mostly relief that I manage to stagger through it at all ... addison she be magnificent . karen ( pleased ) then you have hear too . addison I be there . a eyewitness . karen ( staggered ) you be there ? at the play - last night ? addison ( smile ) a happy coincidence . eve ( quickly ) we be have lunch with a movie talent scout . karen they certainly do not waste much time . eve nothing definite yet - it 's just to have lunch . addison they will be waste this much of they time at any rate . Eve have no intention of go to Hollywood . he turn to Karen , change the subject . addison from the smartness of you dress , I take it you luncheon companion be a lady ? karen ( smile ) margo . addison margo ? lunch in public ? karen it 's new margo . but she 's just as late as the old one . addison she may be later than you think ... as he speak , he cross to pick up a evening paper , open it as he come back . addison ( hand it to she ) why not read my column to pass the time ? the minute will fly like hour ... ( he take Eve 's arm ) ... and now we must join we sunburn eager beaver . he go up the stair with Eve . Karen glance after they curiously , then at the column . it be head : " thing I Promised not to tell " by addison dewitt . he expression become increasingly horrify . she drop the paper and rush out ... int . margo' live room - day addison 's column quiver in margo 's hand as she stride about read it . Karen sit miserably . margo ( declaim ) " ... my hat which have , lo , this many season become more firmly roote about my ear , be lift to miss harrington . I be once more available for dance in the street and shouting from the housetop . " ... I think that one go out with woollcott ... ( she skip part of the column ) down here ... here , listen to this - " ... miss harrington have much to tell - and this column shall report she faithfully - about the lamentable practice in we theater of permit , shall we say - mature - actress to continue play role require a youth and vigor of which they retain but a dim memory - " karen I just can not believe it . margo it get better ! " - about the understandable reluctance on the part of we entrench first lady of the stage to encourage , shall we say - young - actress ; about miss harrington 's own long and unsupported struggle for opportunity - " karen I can not believe Eve say that thing ! margo crumple the paper as if it be Eve 's neck . margo ( pace ) in this rat race , everybody 's guilty till they be prove innocent ! one of the difference between the theater and civilization ... ( she hurl the paper away ) ... what get I be how all of that papers in town happen to catch that particular performance ! karen ( weakly ) Lloyd say it 's a publicity release ... margo the little witch must have have Indians runner out snatching critic out of bar , steam room and museum or wherever they hole up ... well , she will not get away with it ! nor will addison dewitt and he poison pen ! if equity or my lawyer can not or will not do anything about it , I will personally stuff that pathetic little lose lamb down Mr. de witt 's ugly throat ... she pause in midair to look at ... Bill . he have come up the stair tow at a time , stand at the landing . bill ( quietly ) I come as soon as I read that piece of filth . I run all the way ... margo suddenly start to cry . she turn from he . Bill take she in he arm . he hold she ... bill Bill 's here , baby . everything 's all right , now ... margo say nothing , just hide in he embrace . he soothes she , pet she ... he look over at Karen . karen I guess at this point I be what the french call 'de trop ' ... bill ( smile ) maybe just a little around the edge . Karen smile back , wave , and go out . int . richard ' apartment - day Karen 's have some lunch . Lloyd , still in he robe , sit opposite she have some coffee and a cigarette . a copy of the interview before he . lloyd ( be say ) - it 's addison , from start to finish , it drip with he brand of venom ... take advantage of a kid like that , twist she word , make she say what he want she to say - karen where would you get all that information ? lloyd ( put out he cigarette ) Eve . karen Eve ? lloyd she 's be to see I , as a matter of fact she leave just before you come in - you just miss she ... karen that be a pity ... lloyd ( get up ) she want to explain about she interview , want to apologize to someone - and do not dare face margo ... karen I wonder why . Lloyd wander about - he seem to be search for word , for a position to maintain ... lloyd she start to tell I all about it - and she could not finish , she cry so ... he 's over by a window , he back to she . Karen eye he curiously , wait for the payoff ... lloyd ( finally ) you know , I have be go over we financial condition - if you will pardon the expression ... karen that 's quite a change of subject . lloyd ( walk again ) what with tax come up - and since I be a playwright and not a oil well operator - well , I have be think ... karen I be try hard to follow you . lloyd if - instead of wait until next season to do ' footstep on the ceil ' , which be in pretty good shape - and if margo can be talk into go on tour with ' age in Wood ' - we could put ' footstep ... ' into production right away ... karen I be beginning to catch up . lloyd if we could cast it properly , that be ... karen ( carefully ) maybe get some young actress for the part ? someone who would look the part as well as play it ? lloyd ( smile ) you have get to admit it would be a novelty . karen now you be quote addison . or Eve . a pause . lloyd Eve do mention the play , you know . but just in pass - she 's never ask to play a part like " cora , " she would never have the nerve ... karen Eve would ask abbott to give she costello . lloyd no , I get the idea myself - while she be talk to I ... karen with gesture , of course . lloyd ( wistfully ) for once , to write something and have it realize completely . for once , not to compromise - now Karen explode . she rise . karen Lloyd Richards , you be not to consider give that contemptible little worm the part of " cora . " lloyd now just a minute - karen margo Channing have not be exactly a compromise all this year , half the playwright in the world would give they shirt for that particular compromise ! lloyd ( angry ) now just a minute ! karen it strike I that Eve 's disloyalty and ingratitude must be contagious ! Lloyd 's full of anger and guilt . he snap back . lloyd all this fuss and hysteria because a impulsive kid get carry away by excitement and the connive of a professional manure slinger name dewitt ! she apologize , do not she ? karen on she knee , I have no doubt ! very touch , very Academy -of - Dramatic Arts ! lloyd that bitter cynicism of yours be something you have acquire since you leave radcliffe ! karen the cynicism you refer to , I acquire the day I discover I be different from little boy ! the phone have be ringing . Lloyd snarl into it . lloyd hello ! ( he quiet down ) ... hi , margo ... no , not at all , Karen and I be just chat ... hmm ?... why - why , yes , I be sure we can and I be sure we would love to ... right ... 11:45ish . see you then ... he hang up . he smile - suddenly , there 's peace . lloyd margo - and Bill - want we to meet they at the cub room tonight , after theater . for a bottle of wine . karen ( smile ) margo in the cub room . I could not be more surprised if she would say grant 's tomb . lloyd I be glad Bill 's back . karen they would die without each other . a pause . lloyd darling , I do not promise Eve anything . just say I think she would be fine for the part , but there be some practical difficulty ... karen such as ? lloyd ( grin ) you - for one . I tell she you be set on margo play the part - and I certainly would not make a change without you approval . Karen smile happily . karen that 's fine . Fine and dandy . I would enjoy nothing more . just refer all of miss harrington 's future request to I ... int . cub room - stork club - night margo , Karen , Bill and Lloyd be ensconce happily at a table in the rear of the room . a bottle of fine wine be be pour . they mood be equally bubbly . bill the so-called art of act be not one for which I have a particularly high regard ... margo hear , hear ... bill but you may quote I as follow . quote . tonight miss margo Channing give a performance in you cockamamie play , the like of which I have never see before and expect rarely to see again . unquote . margo he do not exaggerate . I be good . bill you be great . as they look at each other , they reflect the understanding that have hit they both at last . lloyd it 's be quite a night . I understand that you understudy - miss harrington - have give she notice . margo ( eye still on Bill ) too bad . bill ( eye still on margo ) I be break up about it ... the wine have be pour by now . lloyd for some reason you can not just pick up champagne and drink it . somebody 's get to be very witty about a toast . ( he lift he glass ) for instance ... bill ( abruptly ) I be go to propose the toast . without wit . with all my heart . Lloyd lower he glass . there 's a little pause . bill to margo . to my bride - to-be . margo glory hallelujah . lloyd well of all - karen margo ! bill drink . they drink , then burst into a flurry of question . karen when ? when be you go to do it ? bill tomorrow we meet at City Hall at ten - ( to margo ) - and you be go to be on time . margo yes , sir . lloyd City Hall , that 's for prize fighter , and reporter - I see a cathedral , a bishop , bank of flower ... bill it 's only for the license . there 's a three - day wait - blood test , thing like that ... margo I will marry you if it turn out you have no blood at all . lloyd Three day , that 's for the bourgeois - I see a midnight elopement , waking up a village person ... karen ( to margo ) what be you go to wear ? margo something simple . a fur coat over a nightgown ... bill the point be - in the cathedral , a ball park or a penny arcade - we want to have you two beside we we nearest and dearest friend . Lloyd fill all the glass . lloyd there be very few moment in life as good as this . let 's remember it . ( he lift he glass ) to each of we and all of we ... never have we be more close - may we never be farther apart . they drink . a waiter approach with a note . waiter Mrs. Richards ? karen yes ? waiter for you . Karen stare at it curiously , then open it . lloyd very discreet . a note right out in the open like that . next time tell you lover to blow smoke ring - or tap a glass ... margo Lloyd , I want you to be big about this ... the world be full of love tonight , no woman be safe ... karen ( angrily ) this beat all world 's record for run , stand and jump gall ! she whip the note to margo , who read it aloud . margo ( read ) " please forgive I for but into what seem such a happy occasion - but it 's most important that I speak with you . please " - it 's underline - " meet I in the lady ' room . Eve . " bill I understand she be now the understudy in there . margo ( look about ) pass I the empty bottle . I may find she ... why , look . there 's rasputin . addison sit near the entrance , at a banquette table for two . a crumpled napkin and a wine glass indicate Eve 's place . he nibble daintily at some blini . margo hail a pass captain . margo encore du champagne . captain more champagne , miss Channing ? margo that 's what I say , bub . lloyd ( to Karen ) after all , maybe she just want to apologize ... karen I have no possible interest in anything she would have to say . bill but what could she say ? that 's what fascinate I ... lloyd go on - find out ... margo Karen , in all the year of we friendship , I have never let you go to the lady ' room alone . but now I must . I be busting to know what go on in that feverish little brain wait there ... karen well ... all right . she get up and go . the camera take she past addison 's table . he rise in polite surprise . addison Karen ! how nice ... she walk past he without a word . he smile , look toward the group . he raise he glass in a toast . margo respond to the toast by wave a onion with a grand flourish , then eat it . bill very effective . but why take it out on I ? he eat one in self - defense . int . lady ' room - stork club - night never have be , I can not say what it look like . it be to be hope that there be a outer and inner room . we be concerned with the outer . there be a attendant in charge , and a constantly change flow of lady who pause to make various repair . all cafe society - include one young drunk stretch out under a mink coat and a wet towel . there be two chair - or a banquette - in a corner . Eve wait there . she rise as Karen approach . eve I be wonder whether you would come at all .. karen do not get up . ( she smile grimly ) and do not act as if I be the queen mother . eve I do not expect you to be pleasant . karen I do not intend to be . eve can not we sit down ? just for a minute ... she sit down . Karen remain stand . eve I have get a lot to say . and none of it be easy . karen there can not be very much - eve oh , but there be - karen - and easy or not , I will not believe a word . eve why should not you ? ( a pause ) please sit down . Karen sit , reluctantly and rigidly . eve you know , I have always consider myself a very clever girl . smart . good head on my shoulder , that sort of thing , never the wrong word at the wrong time ... but then , I would never meet addison dewitt. ( another pause ) I remember once I have a tooth pull . they give I some anaesthetic - I do not remember the name - and it affect I in a strange way . I hear myself say thing I be not even think ... as if my mind be someplace outside of my body , and could not control what I do or say - karen ( lead she on ) - and you feel just like that talk to addison . eve ( nod ) in a way . you find yourself try to say what you mean , but somehow the word change - and they become he word - and suddenly you be not say what you mean , but what he mean - karen ( sharply ) do you expect I to believe that you do not say any of that thing - that they be all addison ? eve no ! I do not expect you to believe anything . except that the responsibility be mine . and the disgrace . karen let 's not get over- dramatic . eve ( smile grimly ) you have really get a low opinion of I , have not you ? we will I will give you some pleasant news . I have be tell off in no uncertain term all over town . miss Channing should be happy to hear that . to know how loyal she friend be - how much more loyal they be than she have a right to expect I to be ... she turn away from Karen . Karen 's embarrassed . karen Eve ... do not cry . eve ( turn away ) I be not cry . karen tell I . how do you lunch turn out - with the man from Hollywood ? eve some vague promise of a test , that 's all - if a particular part should come along , one of that thing - karen but the rave about you performance - eve - a understudy 's performance . karen well . I think you be painting the picture a little darker than it be , really . if nothing else - and do not underestimate he - you have a powerful friend in addison . eve he 's not my friend . you be my friend ... karen he can help you . eve I wish I would never meet he , I would like he to be dead ... I want my friend back . this time she do cry . softly , miserably . Karen look about . a pause . she put a arm around Eve . karen Eve . I - I do not think you mean to cause unhappiness . but you do . more to yourself , perhaps - as it turn out - than to anyone else ... eve I will never get over it . karen ( smile ) yes , you will . you theater people always do . nothing be forever in the theater . Love or hate , success or failure - whatever it be , it 's here , it flare up and burn hot - and then it 's go . eve I wish I could believe that . karen give yourself time . do not worry too much about what people think , you be very young and very talented ... ( she get up , she hand still on Eve 's shoulder ) ... and , believe it or not , if there 's anything I can do - Eve have reach up to take Karen 's hand . she hold it now , as she turn slowly to face she . eve there be something . Karen stare down at she . Eve 's eye burn into tear . Karen be catch , fascinate by they . karen I think I know ... eve something most important you can do . karen you want to play " cora . " you want I to tell Lloyd I think you should play it . eve if you tell he so , he would give I the part . he say he would . karen after all you have say ... do not you know the part be write for margo ? eve it could have be - fifteen year ago . it 's my part now . karen you talk just as addison say you do . eve " cora " be my part . you have get to tell Lloyd it 's for I . karen I do not think anything in the world could make I say that . she turn away again , but Eve 's grip be like a vise . eve addison want I to play it . karen over my dead body ... eve ( cold , relentless ) that will not be necessary . addison know how margo happen to miss that performance - how I happen to know she would miss it in time to call he and notify every paper in town ... ( Karen stop struggle ) ... it 's quite a story . addison could make quite a thing of it - imagine how snide and vicious he could get and still write nothing but the truth . I have a time persuade he ... ( she smile , now ) ... you would better sit down . you look a bit wobbly . ( Karen sit ) if I play " cora , " addison will never tell what happen - in or out of print . a simple exchange of favor . and I be so happy I can do something for you - at long last ... ( Karen cover she face with she hand ) you friendship with margo - you deep , close friendship - what would happen to it , do you think , if she know the chap trick you would play on she - for my benefit ? and you and Lloyd - how long , even in the theater , before people forget what happen - and trust you again ? ( now Eve get up ) no ... it would be so much easier on everyone concerned , if I be to play " cora . " and so much better theater , too ... Karen look up slowly . karen a part in a play . you would do all that - just for a part in a play . eve ( smile ) I would do much more - for a part that good . she leave . Karen be alone . int . cub room - night Eve enter and slide in beside addison . addison hungry ? eve just some coffee . addison ( pour ) I be not surprised . after all that humble pie ... eve nothing of the kind . Karen and I have a nice talk . addison heart to heart ? woman to woman ? include a casual reference to the part of " cora " - and you hope of play it . eve I discuss it very openly . I tell she that I have speak to Lloyd - and that he be interested . addison she mention , of course , that margo expect to play the part ? eve oddly enough - she do not say a word about margo . just that she will be happy to do what she can to see that I play the part . addison puff at he cigarette , bemuse . addison just like that , eh ? eve just like that . addison ( thoughtfully ) do you know , Eve - sometimes I think you keep thing from I . Eve 's feeling be hurt . eve I do not think that 's funny . addison it be not mean to be . eve I confide in you and rely on you more than anyone I have ever know ! to say a thing like that now - without any reason - when I need you more than ever ... addison ( break in ) I hope you mean what you say , Eve . I intend to hold you to it . they eye meet . addison we have a great deal in common , it seem to I ... they both look as Karen pass they on she way back to she table . group , as Karen join they . another bottle of champagne have come and almost go - there 's a fine , cheery feel among they . margo , in particular , be cheery . a pause . Karen downs a glass of champagne . lloyd - well ? what happen ? karen nothing much . she apologize . margo with tear ? karen with tear . margo but not right away ? first the business of fight they off , chin up , stout fella ... karen check . margo very classy stuff , lot of technique - lloyd you mean - all this time - she would do nothing but apologize ? what would you say ? karen not much . margo Groom - ( Bill say " huh ? " ) - may I have a wedding present ? bill what would you like ? Texas ? margo I want everybody to shut up about Eve . just shut up about Eve , that 's all I want . give Karen more wine ... ( blissfully ) ... never have I be so happy . be not this a lovely room ? the cub room . what a lovely , clever name . where the elite meet . never have I see so much elite - and all with they eye on I . wait for I to crack that little gnome over the noggin with a bottle . but not tonight . even eve. I forgive Eve ... there they go . they all look . addison and eve , they get up and go without look back . group , they watch for a instant . margo there go Eve . Eve evil , Little miss evil . but the evil that man do - how do it go , groom ? something about the good they leave behind - I play it once in rep in wilk barre ... bill you have get it backwards . even for wilk -barre . margo you know why I forgive Eve ? because she 's leave good behind - the four of we , together like this , it 's Eve 's fault - I forgive she ... Karen 's reaction be , of course , most important . know what she 's do to margo - wonder how to do what she must . margo ... and bill. especially Bill . Eve do that , too . lloyd you know , she probably mean well , after all ... margo she be a louse . bill ( to Lloyd ) never try to outguess margo . margo Groom . bill yes , dear . margo you know what I be go to be ? bill a cowboy . margo a marry lady . bill with the paper to prove it . margo I be go to have a home . not just a house I be afraid to stay in ... and a man to go with it . I will look up at six o'clock - and there he will be ... remember , Karen ? karen ( quietly ) I remember . margo ( to Bill ) you will be there , will not you . bill ( grin ) often enough to keep the franchise . margo a foursquare , upright , downright , forthright marry lady ... that 's for I . and no more make believe ! off stage or on ... remember , Lloyd . ( Lloyd nod ) I mean it , now . grown - up woman only , I might even play a mother - only one child , of course , not over eight ... ( they all smile ) Lloyd , will you promise not to be angry with I ? lloyd ( smile ) that depend . margo I mean really , deeply angry ... lloyd I do not think I could be . margo well . I do not want to play " cora . " karen ( explode ) what ? margo misinterprets she vehemence . margo ( hastily ) now wait a minute , you be always so touchy about he play , it be not the part - it 's a great part . and a fine play . but not for I anymore - not a foursquare , upright , downright , forthright marry lady . lloyd what 's you be marry get to do with it ? margo it mean I have finally get a life to live ! I do not have to play part I be too old for - just because I have get nothing to do with my night ! ( then quietly ) I know you have make plan . I will make it up to you , believe I . I will tour a year with this one , anything - only you do understand - do not you , Lloyd ? Lloyd never get to answer . because Karen , before anyone can stop she , burst into hysterical laughter ... lloyd what 's so funny ? karen nothing ... bill nothing ? karen everything ... everything 's so funny ... margo remove the champagne glass from in front of Karen ... fade out . fade in : int . theater - curran theater - day Karen be seat unobtrusively in a rear lower box . Lloyd sit beside Max up front . on stage , the play be " on its foot . " Eve play a dramatic scene with a young man . they carry " side " but do not consult they . as she speak , Eve move upstage , turn to face the young man who be force to turn he back to the auditorium . Bill call a halt . he indicate to Eve that she be to have remain downstage . Eve seem to be at a loss . she look at Lloyd . Lloyd rise , say that he tell she to make the change . Bill come down to the footlight to tell he to stick to write , he will do the direct . it mount swiftly to a scream fight . Bill throw the script out into the auditorium , take he coat and stalk off . Eve run after he . Max retrieve the script . Lloyd remain adamant . Karen have rise in dismay . Eve drag Bill back . without look at Lloyd , he take the script from Max , tell the actor to pick up where they leave off . Eve whisper to Lloyd from the stage . Lloyd smile , mollify , sit down again with Max . Karen walk up the side aisle , out of the theater ... karen' voice Lloyd never get around , somehow - to ask I whether it be all right with I for Eve to play " cora " ... Bill , oddly enough , refuse to direct the play at first - with Eve in it . Lloyd and Max finally win he over ... margo never come to a rehearsal , too much to do around the house , she say . I would never know Bill and Lloyd to fight as bitterly and as often ... and always over some business for Eve , or a move or the way she read a speech ... but then I would never know Lloyd to meddle as much with Bill 's direct - as far as it affect Eve , that be ... somehow , Eve keep they go . Bill stick it out - and Lloyd seem happy - and I think it might be best if I skip rehearsals from then on ... int . richard ' bedroom - night it be a lovely , large room . two double bed , not alongside each other and each with a extension phone beside it . in addition to the door to the live room , there be two more - to separate dress room and bath . Lloyd be asleep . but not Karen . she turn restlessly , finally sit up , light a cigarette . karen' voice it seem to I I have know always that it would happen - and here it be . it feel helpless , that helplessness you feel when you have no talent to offer - outside of loving you husband . how could I compete ? everything Lloyd love about I , he have get use to long ago ... the phone jangle suddenly , startling she . it wake Lloyd up . Karen answer . karen hello ... who ?... who 's call Mr. Richards ? int . rooming house - night a girl , in a wrapper , at a wall phone . her hair 's in curler . she 's frighten . girl my name would not mean anything . I room across the hall from Eve harrington , and she be not well . she 's be cry all night and hysterical , and she do not want a doctor ... richard ' bedroom , Lloyd be sit on the edge of the bed , look over ... lloyd who be it ? what 's it all about ? karen ( into phone ) do miss harrington tell you to call Mr. Richards ? Lloyd pick up he phone . rooming house girl no , Eve do not say to call he , but I remember I see Mr. Richards with she a couple of time - and I think they be such good friend ... richard ' bedroom lloyd ( into phone ) hello ... hello , this be Lloyd Richards . where be Eve ? let I talk to she - rooming house girl she 's up in she room , Mr. Richards . I really hate to bother you like this , but the way Eve 's be feel - I be just worried sick what with she leave for New Haven tomorrow , and everything ... richard ' bedroom lloyd tell she not to worry - tell she I will be right over . rooming house girl I will tell she , Mr. Richards . she hang up . as she move from the phone , the angle widen to disclose Eve at the foot of the stair . the girl smile at each other . they go upstairs , arm in arm . richard ' bedroom , Karen be still in bed , phone still in she hand . she hang up , swing she leg out , put out she cigarette , get into a robe . the open door and light of the dress room tell we where Lloyd be . Karen walk to the door , start to say something , change she mind . she cross to a table , light a fresh cigarette , come back to the door . karen ( finally ) be not you ... broaden the duty of a playwright just a bit ? rushing off in the middle of the night like a country doctor ? no answer except the open and close of drawer . karen what would you do if , instead of Eve , the lead man have call up to say she be hysterical ? still no answer . her tension increase , Karen go back to the table , snub out the fresh cigarette , then stride swiftly back to the open door . karen Lloyd , I do not want you to go ! now Lloyd appear . he 's in flannel , and a sport shirt with no tie . he 's confuse and guilty and torture . lloyd I do not think you would ! it seem to I , Karen , that for some tine , now , you have be develop a deep unconcern for the feel of human be in general - karen I be a human be , I have get some ! lloyd ( go right on ) - and for my feeling in particular ! for my play , my career - and now for a frighten , hysterical girl on the eve of she first night in the theater ! he go back into he room . karen have you forget about Eve ? what she be , what she 's do ? lloyd Old wife ' tale , bear of envy and jealousy ! and a phobia against truth ! karen then tell I this be not true ! that you concern for you play and career be one thing - and that poor frighten hysterical girl another - and that you concern for she have nothing to do with either you play or you career ! Lloyd come out wear a jacket . he cross to the door , Karen after he . karen that first , last , and foremost - you reason for go now be that you want to be with Eve ! Three in the morning or high noon - play or no play - wife or no wife ! ( Lloyd stop at the door ) be not it true , Lloyd ? Lloyd go out . Karen look after he , despair . ext . shubert theater - new haven - day the theater be but a few door from the taft HOTEL . the marquee announce a new play by Lloyd Richards , present by Max fabian , open tonight . addison and Eve stand before the theater admire she photo on a lobby display . none of the actor be star . addison be voice to the theater world - New Haven , Connecticut , be a short stretch of sidewalk between the shubert theater and the taft Hotel , surround by what look very much like a small city . it be here that manager have what be call out of - town opening - which be opening for New yorker who want to go out of town ... they start for the hotel - Eve 's arm through addison' . eve what a day - what a heavenly day ... addison d-day . eve just like it . addison and tomorrow morning you will have win you beachhead on the shore of immortality ... eve ( grin ) stop rehearse you column ... be not it strange , addison ? I think I would be panic-stricken , want to run away or something . instead , I can not wait for tonight to come . to come and go ... addison be you that sure of tomorrow ? eve be not you ? addison frankly - yes . they have arrive in front of the hotel . eve it will be a night to remember . it will bring to I everything I have ever want . the end of a old road - and the beginning of a new one ... addison all paved with diamond and gold ? eve you know I better than that . addison pave with what , then ? eve star . she go in . addison follow she . int . corridor - taft HOTEL - day addison accompany Eve along the corridor to she door . eve what time ? addison almost four . eve plenty of time for a nice long nap - we rehearse most of last night ... addison you could sleep , too , could not you ? eve why not ? they have arrive at she door . she open it . addison the mark of a true killer . ( he hold out he hand ) sleep tight , rest easy - and come out fight ... eve why would call I a killer ? addison do I say killer ? I mean champion . I get my box term mix . he turn to go . after a few step - eve ( call ) addison - ( he pause ) - come on in for just a minute , will not you ? there 's ... I have get something to tell you . addison turn curiously , and enter behind she . int . eve' suite - taft HOTEL - day Old -fashion , dreary and small . the action start in the live room and continue to the bedroom . addison close the door , cross to a comfortable chair . addison suite be for expense account . be not you be extravagant ? eve Max be pay for it . he and Lloyd have a terrific row but Lloyd insisted ... well . can I fix you a drink ? she indicate a table elaborately stock with liquor , glass , etc . addison 's eyebrow lift . addison also with the reluctant compliment of Max fabian . eve Lloyd . I never have any , and he like a couple of drink after we finish - so he send it up ... addison some plain soda . ( Eve start to fix it ) Lloyd must be expect a record run in New Haven ... eve that 's for tonight . you be invite . we be have everyone up after the performance . addison we be ? eve Lloyd and I . she carry the soda to he , sit on a ottoman at he foot . addison I find it odd that Karen be not here for the open , do not you ? he sip he soda and put away , carefully avoid a look at Eve . as he look back - eve addison ... addison ( blandly ) she 's always be so fantastically devote to Lloyd . I would imagine that only death or destruction could keep she - eve ( break in ) addison , just a few minute ago . when I tell you this would be a night to remember - that it would bring I everything I want - addison ( nod ) - something about a old road end and a new one start - paved with star ... eve I do not mean just the theater . addison what else ? Eve get up , cross to look out over the common . eve ( she back to he ) Lloyd Richards . he 's go to leave Karen . we be go to be marry . for just a flash , addison 's eye narrow coldly , viciously . then they crinkle into a bland smile . addison so that 's it . Lloyd . still just the theater , after all ... eve ( turn ; shocked ) it 's nothing of the kind ! Lloyd love I , I love he ! addison I know nothing about Lloyd and he love - I leave that to louisa May alcott . but I do know you . eve I be in love with Lloyd ! addison Lloyd Richards be commercially the most successful playwright in America - eve you have no right to say such thing ! addison - and artistically , the most promise ! Eve dear , this be addison . Eve drop she shocked manner like a cape . her face light up - she cross back to the ottoman . eve addison , will not it be just perfect ? Lloyd and I - there 's no tell how far we can go ... he will write great play for I , I will make they be great ! ( as she sit ) you be the only one I have tell , the only one that know except Lloyd and I ... addison ... and Karen . eve she do not know . karen she know enough not to be here . eve but not all of it - not that Lloyd and I be go to be marry . addison ( thoughtfully ) I see . and when be this unholy alliance join ? eve we decide the night before last , before we come up here ... addison ( increasingly tense ) be the set properly romantic - the light on dimmer , gypsy violin off stage ? eve the set be not romantic , but Lloyd be . he wake I up at three in the morning , bang on my door - he could not sleep , he tell I - he 's leave Karen , he could not go on with the play or anything else until I promise to marry he ... we sit and talk until it be light . he never go home ... addison you sit and talk until it be light ... eve ( meaningly ) we sit and talk , addison . I want a run of the play contract . addison ( quietly ) there never be , there will never be another like you . eve ( happily ) well , say something - anything ! congratulation , skol - good work , Eve ! addison rise slowly , to he full height . as Eve watch he , as she eye go up to he , she smile fade - addison what do you take I for ? eve ( cautiously ) I do not know what I take you for anything ... addison ( move away ) it be possible - even conceivable - that you have confuse I with that gang of backward child you have be play trick on - that you have the same contempt for I that you have for they ? eve I be sure you mean something by that , addison , but I do not know what ... addison look closely , Eve , it 's time you do . I be addison dewitt . I be nobody 's fool . least of all - yours . eve I never intend you to be . addison yes , you do . you still do . Eve get up , now . eve I still do not know what you be get at . right now I want to take my nap . it 's important that I - addison ( break in ) - it 's important right now that we talk . killer to killer . eve ( wisely ) Champion to champion . addison not with I , you be no champion . you be step way up in class . eve addison , will you please say what you have to say plainly and distinctly - and then get out so I can take my nap ! addison very well , plainly and distinctly . although I consider it unnecessary - because you know as well as I , what I be about to say . ( they be now face each other ) Lloyd may leave Karen , but he will not leave Karen for you . eve what do you mean by that ? addison more plainly and more distinctly ? I have not come to New Haven to see the play , discuss you dream , or to pull the ivy from the wall of Yale ! I have come to tell you that you will not marry Lloyd - or anyone else - because I will not permit it . eve what have you get to do with it ? addison everything . because after tonight , you will belong to I . eve I can not believe my ear ... addison a dull cliche . eve belong - to you ? that sound medieval - something out of a old melodrama ... addison so do the history of the world for the past twenty year . I do not enjoy put it as bluntly as this , frankly I have hope that you would , somehow , have know - have take it for grant that you and I ... eve ... take it for grant ? that you and I ... she smile . then she chuckle , then laugh . a mistake . addison slap she sharply across the face . addison ( quietly ) remember as long as you live , never to laugh at I . at anything or anyone else - but never at I . Eve eye he coldly , go to the door , throw it open . eve get out ! addison walk to the door , close it . addison you be too short for that gesture . besides , it go out with Mrs. fiske . eve then if you will not get out , I will have you throw out . she go to the phone . addison do not pick it up ! do not even put you hand on it ... she do not . her back be to he . addison smile . addison something tell you to do as I say , do not it ? that instinct be worth million , you can not buy it , cherish it , Eve . when that alarm go off , go to you battle station ... he come up behind she . Eve be tense and wary . addison you name be not Eve harrington . it be gertrude slescynski . eve what of it ? addison it be true that you parent be poor . they still be . and they would like to know how you be - and where . they have not hear from you for three year ... eve ( curtly ) what of it ? she walk away . addison eye she keenly . addison a matter of opinion . grant . it be also true that you work in a brewery . but life in the brewery be apparently not as dull as you picture it . as a matter of fact , it get less and less dull - until you boss 's wife have you boss follow by detective ! eve ( whirl on he ) she never prove anything , not a thing ! addison but the $ 500 you get to get out of town bring you straight to New York - do not it ? Eve turn and run into the bedroom , slamm the door . addison open it , follow close after she ... he can be see in the bedroom , shouting at Eve who be offscene . addison that $ 500 bring you straight to New York - do not it ? int . bedroom - day Eve , trap , in a corner of the room . eve she be a liar , she be a liar ! addison answer my question ! be not you pay to get out of town ? Eve throw herself on the bed , face down , burst in tear . addison , merciless , move closer . addison fourth . there be no Eddie - no pilot - and you have never be marry ! that be not only a lie , but a insult to dead heroes and to the woman who love they ... ( Eve , sobbing , put she hand over she ear ; addison , closer , pull they away ) ... fifth . San Francisco have no shubert theater and North shore , you have never be to San Francisco ! that be a stupid lie , easy to expose , not worthy of you ... Eve twist to look up at he , she eye stream . eve I have to get in , to meet margo ! I have to say something , be somebody , make she like I ! addison she do like you , she help and trust you ! you pay she back by try to take Bill away ! eve that 's not true ! addison I be there , I see you and hear you through the dress room door ! Eve turn face down again , sobbing miserably . addison you use my name and my column to blackmail Karen into get you the part of " cora " - and you lie to I about it ! eve ( into the bed ) no-no-no ... addison I have lunch with Karen not three hour ago . as always with woman who want to find out thing , she tell more than she learn ... ( he let go of she hand ) ... do you want to change you story about Lloyd beat at you door the other night ? Eve cover she face with she hand . eve please ... please ... addison get off the bed , look down at she . addison that I should want you at all suddenly strike I as the height of improbability . but that , in itself , be probably the reason . you be a improbable person , Eve , and so be I . we have that in common . also a contempt for humanity , a inability to love or be love , insatiable ambition - and talent . we deserve each other . be you listen to I ? Eve lie listlessly now , she tear- stain cheek against the coverlet . she nod . addison then say so . eve yes , addison . addison and you realize - you agree how completely you belong to I ? eve yes , addison . addison take you nap , now . and good luck for tonight . he start out . eve ( tonelessly ) I will not play tonight . ( addison pause ) I could not . not possibly . I could not go on ... addison ( smile ) could not go on ? you will give the performance of you life . he go out . the camera remains on Eve 's forlorn , tear stain face . her eye close ... she go to sleep . int . dine hall - sarah siddon society - night the stop action of Eve reach out for the award . the applause and bulb-popping still go on . addison' voice and she give the performance of she life . and it be a night to remember , that night ... the action pick up where it leave off . Eve accept the award from the age actor , kiss he tenderly , fold the award to she bosom and wait for quiet . she speak with assurance , yet modestly and humbly . eve honore member of Sarah siddon Society , distinguished guest , lady and gentleman : what be there for I to say ? everything wise and witty have long since be say - by mind more mature and talent far great than mine . for I to thank you as equal would be presumptuous - I be a apprentice in the theater and have much to learn from you all . I can say only that I be proud and happy and that I regard this great honor not so much as a award for what I have achieve , but as a standard to hold against what I have yet to accomplish . ( applause ) and further , I regard it as bestow upon I only in part . the larger share belong to my friend in the theater - and to the theater itself , which have give I all I have . in good conscience , I must give credit where credit be due . to Max fabian - max sit erect , beam proudly . eve' voice - dear Max . dear , sentimental , generous , courageous Max fabian - who take a chance on a unknown , untried , amateur ... eve , after applause greet Max . eve and to my first friend in the theater - whose kindness and graciousness I shall never forget ... Karen - Mrs. Lloyd Richards ... karen resume she doodling as applause break out for she ... eve' voice ... and it be Karen who first bring I to one whom I have always idolize - and who be to become my benefactor and champion . a great actress and a great woman - margo Channing . margo , part of Eve 's tribute have be over she close - up . she smile grimly in reaction to the applause . eve look to she right , wait for the applause to die . eve my director - who demand always a little more than my talent could provide - bill , seat at the speaker ' table . he have he award before he - a smaller one . he put out a cigarette expressionlessly as the applause break out . eve - but who teach I patiently and well ... Bill sampson . lloyd sit beside Bill . he , too , have a smaller award . as Eve speak , he throw she a brief glance . eve' voice and one , without whose great play and faith in I , this night would never have be . how can I repay Lloyd Richards ? eve wait for the applause to die . eve hoe can I repay the many other ? so many , that I could not possibly name they all ... addison smile approvingly . eve' voice ... whose help , guidance and advice have make this , the happiest night of my life , possible . eve stare at the award for a instant , as if fight for self - control . eve although I be go to Hollywood next week to make a film - do not think for a moment that I be leave you . how could I ? for my heart be here in the theater - and three thousand mile be too far to be away from one 's heart . I will be back to claim it - and soon . that be , if you want I back . another storm of applause . much ad lib shouting as Bill and Lloyd be summon to pose beside she for more picture . people be thronging out . the age actor shout above the hubbub ... aged actor a good night to all - and to all a good night ! Eve disengage herself from the photographer , make she way toward addison 's table ... Bill and Lloyd follow . camera follows Lloyd to Karen . they kiss . he give she the award . lloyd for service render - beyond the whatever - it- is-of -duty , darling . Max bustles into the shot . max come on ! I be the host , I gotta get home before the guest start steal the liquor ... she and Lloyd follow Max . addison and Eve be on they way . Lloyd go right by . Karen pause at Eve . karen congratulation , Eve . eve thank you , Karen . Karen go . Eve be be constantly congratulate . some ad lib about see she at Max 's party ... max ( to addison ) I be give she a very high - class party . it be not like a rehearsal , she do not have to be late . addison as soon as the peasant stop paw she . Max hurry out . margo and Bill step into the shot . Eve turn from a well - wisher to face she . margo ... nice speech , Eve . but I would not worry too much about you heart . you can always put that award where you heart ought to be . Eve look at she wordlessly . margo and Bill leave . addison and Eve be alone . the table about they be empty . suddenly , she face become expressionless , she eye dull ... she glance at the table . eve I do not suppose there 's a drink leave ... addison you can have one at Max 's . eve ( sit ) I do not think I be go . addison ( sigh ) why not ? eve because I do not want to . addison ( patiently ) Max have go to a great deal of trouble , it 's go to be a elaborate party , and it 's for you . eve no , it 's not . ( she hold up the award ) it 's for this . addison it 's the same thing , be not it ? eve exactly . ( she give he the award ) here . take it to the party instead of I . addison you be be childish . a well - wisher rush up to Eve with a " Eve , darling , I be so happy ! " Eve rise , thanks she graciously . then she pull she wrap over she shoulder . eve I be tired . I want to go home . addison ( curtly ) very well . I shall drop you and go on to the party . I have no intention of miss it ... they exit from the room , now empty of everything but table , waiter , and the usual banquet debris . ext . park avenue - night Eve get out of taxi in front of a fashionable apartment hotel . she do not say good night to addison , she enter the hotel as the cab drive off . she have not the award with she . int . corridor outside eve' apartment - night smart , but not gaudy . Eve cross from the elevator to she apartment . she let herself in . int . eve' HOTEL apartment - night a small foyer , from which one door lead to the leave room , another to the bedroom . the bedroom and live room do not connect except through the foyer . all the light be out . Eve turn they on in the foyer , the same as she enter the bedroom . there be some new trunk , in various stage of be pack . Eve toss she wrap on the bed , go through the foyer to the live room . she turn on the light in the live room . camera follows she to a smart small bar where she fix a stiff drink . as she turn from the bar , she stare - start in fright - and drop the drink . a young girl , asleep in a chair , wake with a jump . she stare at Eve , horror-stricken . eve who be you ? girl miss harrington ... eve what be you do here ? girl I - I guess I fall asleep . Eve start for the phone . the girl rise in panic . girl please do not have I arrest , please ! I do not steal anything - you can search I ! eve ( pause ) how do you get in here ? girl I hide outside in the hall till the may come to turn down you bed . she must have forget something and when she go to get it , she leave the door open . I sneak in and hide till she finish . then I just look around - and pretty soon I be afraid somebody would notice the light be on so I turn they off - and then I guess , I fall asleep . eve you be just look around ... girl that 's all . eve what for ? girl you probably will not believe I . eve probably not . girl it be for my report . eve what report ? to whom ? girl about how you live , what kind of clothes you wear - what kind of perfume and book - thing like that . you know the Eve harrington club - that they have get in most of the girl ' high school ? eve I have hear of they . girl our be one of the first . erasmus Hall . I be the president . eve erasmus Hall . that 's in Brooklyn , be not it ? girl lot of actress come from Brooklyn . Barbara stanwyck , Susan hayward - of course , they be just movie star . Eve make no comment . she lie wearily on the couch . girl you be go to Hollywood - be not you ? ( Eve murmur " uh - huh " ) from the trunk you be pack , you must be go to stay a long time . eve I might . girl that spill drink be go to ruin you carper . she cross to it . eve the may will fix it in the morning . girl I will just pick up the break glass . eve do not bother . the girl put the break glass on the bar . she start to mix Eve a fresh drink . eve how would you get all the way up here from Brooklyn ? girl Subway . eve how long do it take ? girl with change and everything , a little over a hour . she carry the drink over to Eve . eve it 's after one now . you will not get home till all hour . girl ( smile ) I do not care if I never get home . the door buzzer sound . eve that 's the door . girl you rest . I will get it ... she go to the door , open it . addison stand there , the Sarah siddon Award in he hand . addison hello , there . who be you ? girl ( shyly ) miss harrington 's rest , Mr. dewitt . she ask I to see who it be ... addison we will not disturb she rest . it seem she leave she award in the taxicab . will you give it to she ? she hold it as if it be the Promised land . addison smile faintly . he know the look . addison how do you know my name ? girl it 's a very famous name , Mr. dewitt . addison and what be you name ? girl Phoebe . addison Phoebe ? girl ( stubbornly ) I call myself Phoebe . addison why not ? tell I , Phoebe , do you want some day to have a award like that of you own ? Phoebe lift she eye to he . phoebe more than anything else in the world . addison pat she shoulder lightly . addison then you must miss harrington how to get one . miss harrington know all about it ... Phoebe smile shyly . addison close the door . Phoebe stare down at the award for a instant . eve' voice ( sleepy ; from the live room ) who be it ? phoebe just a taxi driver , miss harrington . you leave the award in he cab and he bring it back ... eve' voice oh . put it on one of the trunk , will you ? I want to pack it ... phoebe sure , miss harrington ... she take the award into the bedroom , set it on a trunk . as she start out , she see Eve 's fabulous wrap on the bed . she listen . then , quietly , she put on the wrap and pick up the award . slowly , she walk to a large three - mirrore cheval . with grace and infinite dignity she hold the award to she , and bow again and again ... as if to the applause of a multitude . fade out . the end