all the money in the world by David scarpa June 15 , 2015 tristar picture 10202 West Washington Blvd culver City , CA 90230 ( 310 ) 244-4000 '' 2015 sony picture this be a true story . fade in : a great maze loom below we : a labyrinth of tangle alleyway . we descend toward it and into the dark heart of a ancient city . int . campo dei fiore , rome -- night the street of Rome be lock in a 3 am traffic jam . music spill from cafe and discotheque . we descend further ... title up : 1973 ... into sidewalk overflow with prostitute , b-movie star , mafiosi , down -on-their -luck royalty and paparazzi darting between car on vespa scooter . and now , from out of the crowd , something even stranger emerge : a boy in he mid-teen , at once streetwise and innocent . a skinny kid in wear jeans with iron - on patch on the knee . the streetwalker in they platform shoe call out to he : prostitute ciao , paolo ! the kid smile bashfully as they fall in around he . prostitute ( cont 'd ) che magro , che vergogna ! so skinny . paolo , bambino , why do not you let we make you breakfast ? we would look after you real nice . paul ( smile , blush ) I bet you would . a car pull up to the curb : it 's time for the girl to go back to work . Maria - donna pull Paul close , serious now : maria -donna hurry home , paolo , eh ? the street be no place for a boy like you . do not make you poor mamma worry . paul I can take care of myself . ciao , Maria - donna . Paul walk on , leave the girl to haggle with they john . he pull out a fold - over issue of fantastic Comics and walk away into the darken , narrow via dei bauillari . a pair of headlight flicker to life behind he . Paul walk on , oblivious , immerse in he comic book . the car creep forward . the headlight like owl 's - eye . a white fiat 600 . it drive up behind he . hover . a man climb out . he wear a red ski mask . ski mask Paul ? paul yeah -- ? Paul turn and see they . a moment -- and then he run . in a instant , they be upon he . the boy flail , kick and writhe to buck they off . he 's get a lot of fight in he for such a skinny kid ; it 's as if he know this be come . they open the trunk and shove Paul inside . he do not fit . someone sit down on the trunk . the latch click : it 's close . the man pull off they mask . they eye be black and wild with adrenaline . they climb into the car . ski mask avanti ! go ! CUT to : a phone receiver clatter into its cradle . we tilt up to reveal a flustered young secretary in red lipstick and a tight sweater . she rise from she desk , overwhelm , and she begin to run . ext . sutton place ( surrey , england ) -- day a sprawling 400 - year-old mansion estate surround by garden and statuary . the secretary run across the grounds in she high heel . she run past a row of ancient bust of Roman emperor . she run past a full - grow male lion pace in a gild cage . she run past a swim pool ringed by loung starlet . she trip and stumble as she break a heel . she reach down , pull she shoe off , and run in she nylon -- int . sutton place -- day -- up the stair of the mansion , past wall cluttere with a vast art collection . she run down the hallway -- int . atelier -- day -- and open the door to a huge room , empty but for a Louis xiv desk , a phone and a old - time paper - tape stock ticker . a man in a bespoke suit stand at the window , gaze out upon he estate . the paper tape from the stock ticker snake across the room and through he fingertip . he whisper price quote to himself , like a monk say the rosary . secretary I be sorry , Mr getty . I should have knock but -- it 's -- J. paul getty turn and cock a eyebrow . his gaze be quick and focus ; he have the impatience of a man whose mind be always sixty second ahead of whomever he 's listen to . getty to the point , Nancy , the market 's open . secretary they have -- he 's be kidnap ! Paul , Little Paul , you grandson , in Rome my God he 's just a child -- the ticker - tape in getty 's hand stop move . secretary ( cont 'd ) they need to speak with you , it 's very urgent . the italian police , the boy 's mother , they be on the phone right now . a tremor of emotion in getty 's eye . then it 's go . getty I be not available . the Secretary stare at he . secretary Excuse I , Mr. getty ? getty the door , Nancy . she close the door as the tape in the getty 's fingertip start to move again . we hear young Paul in voice - over : paul ( v.o. ) to be a getty be a extraordinary thing . ext . autostrada -- night the little fiat 600 ( with Paul in the trunk ) drive through a toll gate and onto the great italian highway . paul ( v.o. ) I know that because my grandpa tell I so . int . tunnel -- flashback -- day J Paul getty and the young Paul walk down a dark tunnel . getty you be a getty , Paul . a getty be special . a getty have a destiny . a getty be nobody 's fool . the boy gaze up at he grandfather reverently . paul ( v.o. ) you see , my grandpa be not just the richest man in the world . he be the richest man in the history of the world . ext . saudi desert -- day sand dune undulate endlessly unto the horizon . we soar over they until we find a singular figure stand amidst the shifting sand : J Paul getty . paul ( v.o. ) my grandpa be the one who bring the oil out of the Saudi desert . everybody know it be there , they just think it could not be do . we crane over the dune to reveal a great city of refinery and pump oil derrick belching flame , a mirage seemingly summon forth by getty 's will alone . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but grandpa find a way . he make a deal with the bedouin tribe . but there be so much oil there be no ship big enough to carry it all . ext . shipyard -- day getty supervise construction of a supertanker , a behemoth the size of a skyscraper lie on its side . paul ( v.o. ) so my grandfather invent one . he call it the supertanker . ext . american landscape -- day as we soar over the american intercontinental highway , service station materialize out of nowhere , dotting the landscape , all bear the getty name . paul ( v.o. ) then he build a chain of service station across America with he name on they . grandpa control every drop of oil , from beneath the earth to the customer 's gas tank . ( a beat ) and he be famous . CUT to : playboy magazine in a series of b&w still image accompany the page of the playboy interview -- click click click -- getty hold forth on he great wealth . playboy Mr. getty , rumor have it that you be the first man in history with a fortune in excess of one billion dollar . how much money do you have ? getty I have no idea . if you can count you money , you be not a billionaire . ext . autostrada -- night the little fiat 600 wind along the serpentine italian highway , its headlight blaze . paul ( v.o. ) I be tell you this so you can understand the thing you be about to see . and maybe you can forgive we . we pull back as the fiat wind along the autostrada , away from the glow city , until it vanish into the dark . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's like we be from another planet where the force of gravity be so strong it bend the light . it bend people too . we look like you , but we be not like you . ( more ) paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) but we be , once . CUT to : abigail harris getty lie sleep in a beauty mask as she three child , paul ( 9 ) , MARK ( 4 ) , and ariadne ( 2 ) bounce on the bed , clamoring for breakfast . her husband lie beside she . gail groans : gail too early . the sun 's not even up . back to bed , you little monster . Little Paul peel back one eye of gail 's mask and let the sunlight in . she recoil . gail ( cont 'd ) you make you point . but no pancake . int . apartment kitchen -- morning quick cut : gail fix pancake for the child and a cup of strong black coffee for herself , clean up empty wineglass and ashtray from the party the night before , downs two aspirin , put a samba lp on the hi- fi , wash up , dress the child , pull on capris , tease she hair , and do a quick little bossa - nova with the child . gail now , you will have to amuse yourselves quietly . I have work to do this morning and I be not to be disturb . int . live room -- day gail work with pastel at a easel , copying from a pose photo of a model in a cocktail dress ( the music plays over from the previous scene , and throughout this whole sequence ) . it 's catalog work , but gail 's get a gift for line and gesture : she have style . her kid draw on the floor alongside she , copying everything she do . Little Paul especially . int . kitchen -- day gail be on the phone , a utility bill in she hand . gail look in you file and you will find that we have be very good customer of Southern California Edison . we be good people . 7 . in the sunlight we can see the word past due write there . gail ( cont 'd ) and I have a little boy who 's concerned that if the light be not on for Christmas Santa might not find he way here . everything about gail -- she Seven sister accent , she finish school posture -- reek of the former debutante . gail ( cont 'd ) if we could make the minimum payment we would not need a extension . we do want to pay something , though . we notice who the bill be address to : JOHN paul getty , JR . phone rep ( 0.s . ) tell I , Mrs getty . what do you husband do ? gail he 's a poet . a good one . phone rep ( 0.s. ) any relation to the oil man getty ? she consider she answer carefully . gail distant . phone rep ( 0.s. ) ( laugh ) must be , right ? ext . beverly hill apartment duplex -- day gail pile all three child into a Ford fairlane . she hold the electric bill in she hand , along with she drawing . int . spiegel catalog publication -- art department -- day gail hand over she drawing . the girl at the desk pay $ 25 apiece , in cash . gail would not dream of count the money . int . southern california edison -- day gail count the money . she stuff it in the tray at the payment window . she thumb through what 's leave . ext . rodeo drive , beverly hill -- day gail walk through beverly Hills with she three child in tow . she pass a store window and stop . it 's givenchy . 8. she gaze longingly at the window display of a woman in a sapphire evening gown ... and then we rack focus to the mother with three kid reflect in the glass . ariadne ( 0.s. ) be we go home now ? gail one last stop , darling . int . wilshire corridor office build -- day gail approach the building 's registry , with she child in tow . she step closer . she take off she sunglass . there , encase beneath glass , be the white letter press into black feel : getty oil corporation -- 28th floor . concierge ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , miss . May I help you ? ext . wilshire corridor office build -- day gail and she child stand out on the sidewalk , squinting up at the 20 - story glass tower that loom above they . paul must be eighty storey at least . how many storey be it , Mom ? gail I do not know , darling . a awful lot of storey . paul what be we look for , Mom ? gail put she sunglass back on . gail you grandfather . int . apartment -- live room -- night JOHN paul JR I have never even meet the man . JOHN paul getty ii ( know in the family as " Big Paul " ) be young , bearded and handsome , he foot propped up on the want ad on the coffee table before he . JOHN paul JR ( cont 'd ) you know he refuse to pay my mother a nickel of child support . 9 . Big Paul climb out of he chair and dig around inside the desk drawer . the apartment be warm , bohemian , fill with painting and book and music on the record player . JOHN paul JR ( cont 'd ) when I be a boy , I would send my father letter . " dear daddy , how I wish I could meet you . i'1l be wait for you at the baseball diamond , " that sort of thing . ( a beat ) you know what he send back ? he hand gail a letter . it 's in little - boy handwrite , on line paper -- but mark up with red ink . JOHN paul JR ( cont 'd ) he mail it back with the spelling correct . nothing else . gail he be you father , that 's get to count for something , Paul , the rent be due and Christmas be come . JOHN paul JR what would you have I do , gail ? accost he on the street ? gail we write he a letter and ask for a job . any job . and this time , we will get the spelling right . gail go to he chair , sit on he lap , and kiss he . he look up at she : she 's not a easy woman to say no to . JOHN paul JR you be never mean to be poor , gail . I know that . gail we be not poor . we be break . there 's a difference . JOHN paul JR I do not want to be a oil man . gail I do not want you to either . I love you the way you be . all we need be enough to get by , but we be not get by . JOHN paul JR I be sorry , gail . 10 . gail I be tired of struggle . I be ready for a different kind of life . Big Paul get up , pick up the bottle of chianti from the coffee table , and go to the bedroom . we hold on gail . int . apartment -- live room -- night gail set she husband 's Smith - corona down on the carpet . she insert a clean page into the carriage . gail ( v.o. ) dear dad -- Father -- for year I struggle to understand why you keep you distance . now I know you be give I a chance to prove myself , on my own , free from the shadow of you achievement -- no , great -- ( backspace , retype ) -- immense achievement . I understand now what a sacrifice that must have be for you . she kneel before the typewriter , a pretty witch conjure spirit . gail ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) now that I be a man , I have nothing leave to prove , except to you . let I prove myself to you , Father . ( a beat ) as always , you loving -- no , you loyal son : John Paul getty two . she rip the page from the carriage and we CUT to : int . apartment -- live room -- evening music . Big Paul reach into the fridge and pop the top on a can of schlitz . gail be make dinner on the stove . Big Paul slip he hand beneath she sweater to warm they . gail God , you hand be cold ! stop , the kid be -- I be serious , you -- gail wriggle free and Big Paul dance she around the apartment to the beach boy ' christmas album as the child look on . there 's a tree with present beneath it . JOHN paul JR ( sing along ) he 's the man with all the toy ... 11 . gail gaze up at he , starry - eye : for this one moment , all be right with the world . the buzzer ring . gail that will be Ms. canzanelli tell we she 's call the police . ( press the button ) we be so sorry about the noise -- intercom ( 0.s. ) I have a car wait for Mr. John Paul getty the second , if you please . gail " the second ? " Little Paul go to the window . paul down in the street , look -- outside , a roll -royce phantom be idling in the street . gail oh my God , somebody die . JOHN paul JR ( realize ) no , baby . we have be send for . int . roll -royce phantom -- evening as " the man with all the toy " continue to play , the little family ride in the back of the roll , along with they hastily - pack bag . the kid exchange a look . up ahead they see it -- ext . airstrip -- evening a learjet 23 private plane idling on the runway . the roll drive right up to the clamshell airstair . int . limousine -- rome -- night Little Paul wake up in the back of another limousine . the other kid gaze amazedly out the window , they breath fogging the glass . reflected in the window be the Roman coliseum . int . HOTEL palermo -- night a luxurious Roman hotel , with a mustach concierge wait to receive they . a bellman take they bag . concierge signore getty be await you . 12 . int . HOTEL corridor -- night park outside the door be a room -service cart pile high with dirty trays . a " non disturbare " sign hang from the doorknob . the concierge knock gently . we push into int . HOTEL suite -- night a clothesline be strung across the length of the room , from which be suspend a line of men' underpant on clothespin . empty food container and clothes be everywhere . and everywhere there be art : painting and artifact propped against the wall . Little Paul reach into the mess and pull out a small statuette lie on the floor : it 's a minotaur carve out of marble . gail ( take it from he ) do not touch that , sweetheart . let 's just keep we hand to ourselves . it 's dirty . ( examine it ) and old . possibly priceless . getty ( 0.s. ) I deplore that word . they turn to see getty emerge from the bedroom , freshly groom and powder . gail I be sorry ? getty dirty and old I have no problem with at all . in fact I have some affection for they as they be the word most frequently use to describe I , along with rich . getty go to the mirror , insert a tie bar into he collar . getty ( cont 'd ) but priceless -- that 's another thing entirely . people say priceless when what they really mean to say that something be invaluable , or irreplaceable . that minotaur statuette in you hand , for instance , date from 460 BC ; there be only a handful like it remain , and none in such pristine condition . I be sure that fucker at the met or the british Museum would kill to get they greasy paw on it . 13. little paul he just say -- gail Paul . getty would you care to guess what I pay for it ? gail I would not know where to begin . getty oh , you be too modest . you have get taste , I can tell . I think you know a good deal about art . gail I do . I just do not know what it cost . getty well then , you will learn . come on , indulge a old fool . what do you think I pay ? gail five hundred thousand dollar . getty eleven dollar and twenty - three cent . I pick it up in the black market in heraklion . this cripple be ask seventeen dollar for it and it take I a hour to bring he down to he bottom line . at sotheby 's today I would hazard it would bring $ 1.2 million . ( a beat ) you see , priceless be such a insipid word . everything have a price . the great struggle in life be come to grip with what that price be . he crouch down and offer the figurine to Little Paul . getty ( cont 'd ) I want you to have it . JOHN paul JR we could not . getty do you like it , Paul ? paul that 's ok . I do not need it . 14 . getty I insist . gail I insist . we can not . it 's far too extravagant for a little boy . getty for most little boy , it would be . getty hand the boy the statue . getty ( cont 'd ) but not for a getty . Little Paul take the figurine ; it 's do . they be force to accept it . gail and Big Paul smile awkwardly . gail thank you . we will treasure it . getty thanks be for stranger . you be family . you be my family . come here , let I look at you . ( bring Big Paul close ) son. my son . my grandson . ( to gail ) my daughter . gail daughter - in-law , I be afraid . getty nonsense . you be not just some district judge 's daughter anymore . you be one of we family now . getty turn to he son : getty ( cont 'd ) I have to focus on my mission , you understand . my business . I could not be weigh down , mentally , with a family . there be work to be do . you understand that , do not you . Big Paul be silent . getty darken , glower , then walk away , push the clothesline aside as he cross the room . getty ( cont 'd ) pardon the laundry . I wash my undershort myself , in the bathroom sink . ( more ) 15 . getty ( cont 'd ) I see no reason to pay ten dollar to have room service launder they when I can do it myself for a few lira . what kind of rube do they take I for ? which remind I -- he take out a small notebook and golf pencil and write a entry : laundry soap -- 22 lira . getty ( cont 'd ) it 's tax - deductible . almost everything be , if you know how to play it . what in hell be we do stand around in this dusty old hotel room ? we should be celebrate . that 's what family do , right ? little paul ( v.o. ) after that , everything change . int . gail be apartment -- piazza navona -- day gail throw open the window . the family be move into a light - fill apartment . gail be unpack when she find it -- little paul ( v.o. ) dad become a executive in grandpa 's company . Mom find we a apartment near the piazza navona . -- the minotaur figurine wrap in she scarf . it make she anxious . she find a shoebox and stashes it in the closet . little paul ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) and grandpa start my education . ext . roman tunnel -- day we return to the silhouettes of getty and Paul as they walk hand - in-hand through the darken , ancient tunnel . getty come on , I want to show you something . we follow they through the mouth of the tunnel . they look out upon it : the boy be awed . paul what be it ? getty it 's home . we step out into the sunlight of 16 . ext . hadrian villa -- day a ancient roman villa in the mountain overlook Rome , ringed by statue of the Roman god . getty lead Paul on a house tour : getty this be where I sleep with my wife , sabina . this here be where I eat roast wild boar with my general . this be where I make love to my concubine . and this be where I take my bath . paul you use to live here ? getty in the second century , when I be the Emperor hadrian . I know it the moment I first visit this place . I remember every stone as clearly as if I would just come back from a trip to the store for a pack of smoke . I never feel at home anywhere on Earth until I come here . paul maybe they would let you stay . overnight , like . get a tent and a sleep bag -- getty oh , I try , believe I . I make they a offer , a very generous offer ! paul they ? getty Rome . the Roman . but when they hear the name getty they all get dollar sign in they eye . they say it be not for sale . paul figure . getty exactly . that old tactic . that 's what I be talk about , Paul . ( a beat ) to be a getty be to have everyone you know secretly want a piece of you . you be surround , always , by smile face , but you have no one . 17 . paul you have we . getty ( deeply move ) that 's true . I have you now . and to think it be almost too late . all I have build would crumble into dust if there 's no one to carry it on after I be go . ( take Paul 's hand ) the blood of emperor run through you , as it do through I . you be a getty , Paul . you have a destiny . ext . yacht / boat harbor , portofino , italy -- day gail , Big Paul and the child descend the gangplank onto a 47 - foot yacht . beautiful couple and they child be already relax on deck with cocktail and music . isabelle and julian , the host , wave happily as they descend . isabelle Jules , it 's the getty ! ( kiss , greeting ) we be worried you would be abduct . gail if I be you I would make we walk the plank . isabelle not until we have get a few drink in you first . and this must be John Paul ii ? paul and III . charme laughter . Big Paul look a bit take aback . JOHN paul JR no Roman numeral , please . we be american . just Paul be fine , for both of we . ext . ligurian sea -- day bronze body lie in the sun alongside sweat gin-and - tonic as the yacht glide over a stain - glass sea . Little Paul tiptoe over and around they -- -- to the bow of the boat , where gail stand , wear a white shift dress , she eye close : a aegean goddess . she see Little Paul , hold out she hand to he , and bring he close . 18 . paul I feel like we be fly . gail I too , darling . ( whisper ) the whole world , for you . she hold he as they gaze into the approach horizon . int . dine room -- day getty , Little Paul , and Big Paul all sit at the breakfast table , attend by bullimore , a butler in a morning coat . getty eat a half grapefruit . Big Paul seem hang over . Little Paul eat cheerios as he read getty 's mail to he . paul '' dear Mr. getty , I be write you because we be in desperate strait . my husband suffer from a tumor that have cause he groin area to swell to uncontrollable dimension . the doctor say without immediate surgery normal movement will soon become impossible . God bless you , you be a great american , elvira broadus , mound City , Arkansas . " getty dictate as the boy transcribe he response : getty dear Mrs. broadus , while I be sympathetic to you unique situation , you be one of three thousand people daily who write to I ask for money . if I be to respond to every request for money I receive , I would soon be as destitute as yourself . the boy seem slightly downcast . getty ( cont 'd ) your , jp getty . next . the boy place the form letter into a envelope , address it , and set it on a pile of identical letter . Little Paul pick up a new letter and open it . paul '' dear Mr. getty -- " JOHN paul JR surely you can find someone else to answer you mail . 19 . paul I like it , dad . getty he like it , son . the boy want to be useful . I find that admirable . it 's a family business . everyone have a role to play . which remind I : I be fire Howard larkin . I be make you executive vice President of getty oil , with oversight over european operation and exploration . JOHN paul JR all I know about oil be regular or unlead . getty you want a job . I be give you one . sink or swim . black out . fade in : int . le palais du zahir , marrakech , morocco -- morning close on Little Paul 's sleep face . he be older now , almost in he teens . his eye open . he sit up and look around . we be in a vast room pile with pillow and carpet , and people sleep upon they . thick smoke hang in the air . int . kitchen -- morning Paul pour a bowl of cereal . there be other here , shirtless skinny man with beard and long hair ; he do not know they . int . master bedroom -- morning a huge round bed within a tent - like canopy of brocade silk dominate the room . a man and a woman be sleep there . Paul lift the flap of the canopy and climb into the bed with he cereal . we realize that , beneath the long hair and the beard , the man be Big Paul , he father . paul ( whisper ) dad. ( increase volume ) dad. dad. dad . Big Paul do not move . Little Paul turn and look at the woman beside he ; she be not he mother , but a remarkable dark - haire beauty , a model . 20 . upon the nightstand there 's a glass of wine , a lighter , a glassine bag , a burnt spoon . paul ( cont 'd ) dad. dad. dad. finally , Paul realize it 's pointless and give up . int . getty oil company , los angele -- day gail getty pace in the front lobby of getty 's headquarters . iacovoni this poor woman , what she have endure ! gail be impeccably dress and attend by she italian attorney , the high -strung , diminutive giovanni iacovoni . iacovoni ( cont 'd ) the decadence of the father , a deprave drug addict , live ina palace in marrakech fill with hippie parasite . how she suffer with worry for she son ! gail Giovanni , enough . this be not Italy . we be not go before the Pope for a annulment . iacovoni I know this , signora . I do this simply to get my blood flow . gail it 's all business to they . a team of suit file past en route to the conference room . gail ( cont 'd ) I wonder how many people have ever manage to walk out of that conference room in one piece . iacovoni signora . do not underestimate the power of a mother 's love . gail right now I would rather have a billionaire 's money . secretary ( 0.s. ) ms getty , they be ready for you now . 21 . int . board room -- day a long conference table , line on either side with attorney . at one end sit gail getty , with iacovoni by she side . attorney of course , we expect Ms. getty will be seek a generous financial settlement , as be typical in high - profile divorce case . at the other end sit J Paul getty , silent and aloof . beside he , he lead attorney , oswald hinge . hinge as pertain to custody , there be the matter of Ms. getty 's fitness as a mother . iacovoni the father be a drug addict who cannot tie he own shoe . you would leave the boy alone in Morocco with a rich degenerate ? hinge the court will take a close interest in she psychological profile . we be ask the judge to order a complete evaluation by a panel of psychiatrist . iacovoni ms Harris suffer from a common affliction among the intelligent woman , which be to fall in love with lo imbrogliare , loser , bum . aside from this , she be in perfect mental health , you know this as well as I do . you be simply stalling , use the boy as a bargain chip . hinge we have all the time in the world . iacovoni ( vise ) we will see you before the judge . gail ( 0.s. ) a deal . all eye turn toward gail . hinge do you say something ? 22 . gail the offer I be about to make expire at the end of business today . iacovoni gail , please -- hinge what be you offer , Ms. Harris ? gail nothing . you pay nothing . no settlement , no alimony , no community property , no child support , nothing . getty break in : getty I do not get it . gail in exchange , I want my son on a plane back home tonight . and full custody . getty what 's you game ? gail I do not want you money . getty everybody want my money . gail you want you money . I want Paul . we can both have what we want . getty I sense I be be take , I just do not know how . hinge Mr. getty , why do not we take this under advisement . gail remove she jewelry -- she engagement ring , earring -- and set they on the table before she . gail I have watch you for year . you can not help yourself . stiff the bellboy . re-using you dental floss . search other people 's seat cushion for loose change -- getty darken . gail change tack , flatter he : 23. gail ( cont 'd ) you do not get where you be without a healthy regard for the value of a dollar . you know a bargain when you see one . you know how to seize the initiative when you opponent be at he weakest . what I be offer be the great bargain you be ever go to get . but free never last . she rise , leave the jewelry on the table . iacovoni try to interrupt , but she ignore he . gail ( cont 'd ) six o'clock . hold on getty . over the sound of a plane landing we CUT to : int . rome fiumicino airport -- evening Little Paul emerge from the gate into gail 's arm . she hold he tightly , exhaust and relieved . for a moment , he accept she embrace , but then : paul I want to stay . gail let 's just go home , ok ? paul I be happy with dad and talitha . why would you have to ruin it ? he pull away from she . as they walk through the airport , Paul walk on ahead , pull farther away from she . gail begin to reach out for he , but stop herself , give he he freedom , until he be nearly lose in the crowd . int . gail be apartment -- paul be room -- dawn gail have be up all night . we have come full circle now , and have return to the night of Paul 's disappearance . gail stand in the door of Paul 's room , gaze at he bed , which have not be sleep in . her other two kid be asleep . gail ( v.o . ) call I if you hear from he . no question ask . just tell he to come home . gail hang up the phone . she close Paul 's address book . quick cut : with no other way to fill she time , she try to work at she draft table . she can not focus . 24 . she clean the bathroom instead . she wash the sheet in the sink . int . gail be apartment -- dawn gail lie pass out on the bathroom floor , still wear she rubber glove . the apartment be immaculate . the kitchen phone ring . she wake , rise , go to it . gail yes . Si ? the low voice on the other end speak English with a accent . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) signora . we have you son . gail oh , God , thank you . be he all right ? cinquanta ( 0.s. ) signora , we be kidnapper and have he captive . a long silence . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be you still there ? gail be this some kind of joke ? cinquanta ( 0.s. ) no. gail there must be some mistake . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) no mistake . he be not harme . we will send proof in the come day . gail who be you ? cinquanta ( 0.s. ) I be cinquanta . Paul be safe , but it will require $ 17 million to release he . go to the police if you like , it make no difference . gail I do not have any money . 25 . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) get it from you father - in- law . he have all the money in the world . dial tone . in the distance , we hear a siren approach . int. / ext . sutton place ( surrey , england ) -- day the phone clatter into the receiver again . the secretary run across the grounds , past the lion , up the stair . int . atelier -- day getty sit at he desk , he phone to he ear . secretary they be here , Mr getty . int . sutton place -- corridor -- day getty walk down a long mirrore corridor . he button he jacket , straighten he tie , shoot he cuff . int . sutton place -- great hall -- day a throne room , literally . the chamber be line with enormous tapestry and gilt mirror . one side of the room be empty , the other pack with a rabble of fleet Street news reporter . when getty enter , they start bay like hound for he attention : telegraph reporter Mr. getty ! Mr getty ! how much be the ransom for you grandson ? getty I do not know . I will bet it 's a lot . int . gail be apartment -- day gail be in the kitchen with the phone receiver press to she ear , she eye close . gail 's attorney Giovanni iacovoni be there , along with several Roman squadra mobile officer . secretary ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , Ms. getty . Mr. getty be unavailable at the moment . gail tell he it 's regard he grandson 's kidnap in Rome . I '1l wait . gail look out the window : in the street , dozen of reporter and paparazzi be teeming . at the sight of she face in the window they turn they camera on she , flash fire . 26 . iacovoni ( 0.s. ) signora ! the television ! gail stretch the phone cord into the live room to see she two other kid watch getty 's press conference on tv . gail ( stunne ) never mind . I have find he . int . sutton place -- great hall -- day stand before the reporter , getty seem vague , distract . DAILY mail reporter Daily mail here , Mr. getty . we have report that a note have arrive write in the boy 's handwrite , demand 17 million US dollar . getty ( whistle ) $ 17 million ? that 's a lot of money for such a young boy . BBC reporter what step will you be take to secure you grandson 's safety ? getty none . the reporter be momentarily stunne silent . BBC reporter I be afraid we do not get that , sir . getty I have fourteen grandchild . if I pay the ransom I will have fourteen kidnap grandchild . a murmur from the reporter as they process this statement . DAILY mail reporter you be a famously ruthless negotiator , Mr. getty . getty it 's just that there 's so little in life worth pay full price for . DAILY mail reporter how much would you pay for you grandson , if not 17 million ? 27 . int . gail be apartment -- day gail watch getty on tv . his eye be devoid of emotion . getty nothing . good day , gentleman . getty turn and walk away . the press conference be over . telegraph reporter ( call out ) Mr. getty ! what will you do to save you grandson 's life ? on the tv screen : the door close and getty be go . secretary ( 0.s. ) Ms. getty ? be you still there ? gail I be still here . secretary ( 0.s. ) would you like I to give Mr. getty a message ? gail tell he I be come . int . atelier -- day getty return to he office , follow by he secretary . she give he gail 's message on a slip of paper ; he fold it once , then throw it away . getty stand there for a moment , pensive . the ticker - tape coil up snakelike on the floor at he foot , ignore . what will you do to save you grandson 's life ? getty turn : he secretary be still stand there , gaze at he with that tremulous , plead eye . then : getty get I fletcher chace . CUT to : the saudi desert undulate beneath we as we soar above it , from the Pov of a peregrine falcon . we come over a rise and descend into -- 28 . int . bedouin tent -- day -- and onto the arm of a sheikh . the sheikh wear a patek phillipe and sunglass , as do the other loung on pillow . one man stand out from the rest : a american in a wrinkle khaki suit . God know how he get here , but fletcher chace grin like a man who hold all the card or be bluff for all he 's worth . chace I feel for you situation , you Royal highness . truly I do . prince al-rashid we agreement with getty have bring we nothing but problem . the young generation have become weak and lazy . we child care about nothing but lamborghinis and discotheque . chace perhaps then you would do well to accept we competitor 's offer . prince al-rashid how so , Mr chace ? chace maybe Standard oil will find way to siphon all that money away with they accounting trick , and bring you wayward child closer to God . fletcher chace grin . the prince do not . chace ( cont 'd ) kidding aside , you highness . my employer have make you rich . prince al-rashid not as rich as he . chace if you renew you land - use agreement with getty , he will make you twice as rich . can Standard oil say that ? ( a beat ) in America we have a say : better to deal with the devil you know than the devil you do not . another prince speak , in Arabic : 29 . prince al - walid ( to Al - rashid ) you know where getty hire this one from ? he belong to the de of CIA spy that bring down mossadegh -- chace ( in Arabic ) belong , you Royal highness . past tense , please . ( in English ) I do not have the stomach for politics anymore . people tend to get hurt , and it 's usually all the wrong people . Business be better . nobody die , they just go break . prince al-rashid for some people go break be worse . chace that 's why I work for getty now . I have notice people have a way of get rich just stand next to he . people like you . prince al - walid we do not need the Americans anymore . we cartel , OPEC , will control inventory now . OPEC will set the oil price . chace nothing would make Mr. getty happier than to see the price of oil higher . in fact , he would be happy to help . off on the horizon , a dust devil approach , spiraling into the sky like a tornado . prince al-rashid subhan Allah . look . the sheikh marvel at it , and then it be upon we : a dune buggy come over the berm , fishtail to a stop in the sand as the camel hiss and spit . a spatter oil landman step out of the dune buggy . he stagger through the sand and walk up to fletcher chace . oil landman the old man want you . now. 30 . ext . sutton place ( surrey , england ) -- front hall -- day gail getty sit in a chair in the mansion 's wait area . she 's clad in chanel from head - to - toe like a suit of armor , along with a look of steely determination . bullimore I be afraid Mr. getty be travel at the moment and be unavailable . gail eye the dark - suite security guard in the corridor . gail do you know why I be here , bullimore ? bullimore yes mar 'am , I do . gail you would not have I throw out , would you , bullimore ? bullimore I would never turn you away from my home , mar 'am . or little Paul . but ... this be not my home . a offscreen bell chime . bullimore excuse himself and let aman in . it 's fletcher chace . bullimore take he coat and umbrella and show he to a adjacent wait area . chace leaf through a magazine . from he vantage , we can just spy a pair of stocking -clad legs around the corner . chace rise , drift into the front parlor , and pretend to examine a vermeer still - life . gail how much would you say that painting 's worth ? chace Hell if I know . awfully small . gail it 's a vermeer . if I take it off the wall , do you think anyone would notice ? chace a silent alarm would go off . the dog would get to you before you make it to the fence . with a face as pretty as that ... I would not . 31 . gail you seem very knowledgeable . chace about painting , no . about other thing , some . chace sit down opposite gail . chace ( cont 'd ) he 's a tough old goat to get a audience with . bullimore ( 0.s. ) Mr. chace . if you will come with I . gail apparently not . chace smile sheepishly , rise , and leave with bullimore . chace I need to stop off at the kitchen first , if that 's all right . int . kitchen -- sutton place -- day chace use a butcher 's knife to cut a strip of raw meat from a porterhouse steak . he cut the strip into cube . ext . sutton place -- reflecting pool -- day a german shepherd patrol the grounds . chace crouch ; the dog run to he . chace feed he the steak . chace that 's it , skip . attaboy . what 's this ? he check the dog 's name tag : it read " anubis . " chace ( cont 'd ) ( be : the nametag ) sorry about that , fella . some thing we do not get to choose . chace take in the scene by the pool : getty sit on a chaise lounge beside a young starlet in a bathing suit . getty laugh and joke with she ; she seem genuinely charme . getty ( 0.s. ) this world be forge by two kind of man , Mr chace . CUT to : 32 . getty stroll with chace around the pool . getty ( cont 'd ) Men of enterprise , like myself . and man of action , like you . what you and I share be what most man lack : a willingness to embrace enormous risk . I risk my money . you risk you life . chace I prefer to risk the other guy 's life , actually . getty I like to risk the other guy 's money , too . my point be we represent a very small minority of mankind . the herd feed off what we accomplish . this people who take my grandson -- what do you think I should have do ? chace you do the right thing . they will not hurt the boy , he 's a win lottery ticket . pay they too quickly and they may be afraid they ask for too little . they might come back for another bite . getty if only everyone be as clear-head as you . int . sutton place -- entry hall -- day gail be still cool she heel in getty 's front hall . she rise and approach bullimore . gail I need to phone my attorney to find out if there 's be any contact from the kidnapper . bullimore of course , ma'am . this way . bullimore lead gail around the corner of the entry hall . he show she to a red public telephone booth of the kind find on the street of London . bullimore ( cont 'd ) Mr. getty have it install specially for he guest ' convenience , in case they want to make telephone call . 33 . gail Rome be long distance . bullimore I be able to provide change . bullimore produce a small change dispenser . gail stare at he . she reach into she purse and give he a ten-pound note . bullimore parse out the coin . bullimore ( cont 'd ) I will leave you in private . ext . sutton place -- reflecting pool -- day getty you do not have child , do you , chace . chace shake he head . chace I guess it do not seem right , do what I do for a live . maybe I never find the right situation . I like my freedom . getty I know just what you mean . there 's something my father always use to say : " the man who have child give hostage to fortune . " chace you father be a wise man . getty he tell I I would never be worth a damn . so I make he look like a pauper . chace well . you certainly do that . a awkward silence , then : getty I love my grandson , chace . chace I be sure you do , sir . getty I love all my grandchild , of course . but Paul be special . ( more ) 34 . getty ( cont 'd ) I do not know what I would do if anything happen to that boy . I want you to go to Rome and bring he back , as quickly and inexpensively as possible . chace I be go to need some kind of resource to work with if you want he back alive . getty of course . but I do not want you just give my money away , see . find the boy , chace . and find out who take he . chace walk away , a look of uncertainty on he face . getty ( cont 'd ) chace . there 's one more thing . ( a beat ) the boy 's mother . int . sutton place -- entry hall -- day gail getty sit in the phone booth , stuff 50 p coin into the coin slot . gail I be run out of change , Giovanni ... Giovanni ? the phone go dead . she 's out of change . she hang up the receiver and slouches into the phone booth , deject . chace ( 0.s. ) ma'am ? gail look up . fletcher chace be stand there . chace ( cont 'd ) my name be fletcher chace . I be go to help you find you son . int . sutton place -- entry hall -- day gail walk back into the entry hall , annoyed . chace follow . gail I be sure you be quite good at what you do , Mr. chace . my former father - in - law only busy the best . ( more ) 35 . gail ( cont 'd ) but I do not need a retire policeman , or a former secret agent , or a plastic toy soldier to solve the mystery of what happen to my son , because there be no mystery . I do not needa man of danger to catch the criminal . I need one thing only , and that be seventeen million dollar . chace pay the ransom do not guarantee you get you son back . gail not pay the ransom nearly guarantee I do not . chace I would say you son 's chance be better than that . gail why do not you explain the odd to I . be it a coin toss ? head he life , tail he die ? I can see how that 's a gamble worth take when there 's real money at stake -- chace let I rephrase that . gail a billion dollar earn seventeen million dollar a month sit in a bank vault . he could buy a Matisse every day and never spend it all . chace I do not think this be about money for Mr. getty . gail I be sorry . I do not realize this be you first day on the job . chace ma'am , I have have to bargain with a lot of rich people . sheikh , sultan , emir . the one thing I have realize be that money be never just money . it always stand for something . usually it stand for the one thing they have never have . until you know what that thing be you be just beat you head against the brick . ( more ) 36 . chace ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) look , I do not blame you . you come here for seventeen million dollar and instead you get I . but I be the one who have the old man' ear , and I be offer to help you . gail I be not leave until I speak to he face - to-face . bullimore ( 0.s. ) I be afraid Mr. getty have already depart the estate . gail turn . through the window , we see getty 's limousine drive through the front gate , and away . bullimore ( cont 'd ) he be travel on business , and it be uncertain when he will return . gail stare out the window , she back to we , visibly tremble . bullimore bring chace 's coat and hat . chace I be sure you will want to be get back to Rome on the next flight out . I be head there myself . I can offer you a ride to the airport . bullimore I will dial a taxicab straight away . gail be silent . finally she turn . her voice be icy : gail you be both much too kind . CUT to : the trunk open revealing a cloudless blue sky . two man step into frame . one be stout , bearded , chubby -cheek . he smoke a cigar with a air of authority . this be chipmunk . the other be rough but handsome , with the style that even the poorest of italian somehow manage . this be cinquanta . they gaze at we as you would at a rug that need move . cinquanta Uno , due -- 37 . they reach in and hoist we out of frame . ext . calabrian landscape -- day the two man carry Paul 's body across the sun-bleach , rocky landscape out of a sergio leone movie . Paul 's arm and leg have be tie off ; he head be inside a burlap sack . they set the boy down beneath a wizen tree . cinquanta pull down he ski mask , then remove the burlap sack from Paul 's head . the boy , fearful , avoid look at they . a severely bow -legge man emerge from the house . this be piccolino , and he be they leader . piccolino bend down , examine the boy as you would a goat , then smile . the man embrace in celebration . laugh , back -slapping . a pretty young woman come out with a tin plate of bean and pasta . cinquanta order she to give it to Paul . cinquanta this be for you . paul thirsty . cinquanta yell order at he wife again . cinquanta a few day . that 's all . you family will give we we money , and you will go home . some day , no school , it 's fun . a holiday . the boy eat . the food taste terrible . chipmunk we food 's not good enough for you ? paul I be just not use to it . cinquanta leave he alone . he eat only in the best place , right ? paul sometimes . not usually , though . cinquanta you will tell we . I want to know all the thing the rich eat . I be cinquanta , this be piccolino , and this be tamia , the chipmunk . not we real name , eh ? 38 . paul I figure . cinquanta we will make friend . i'1l tell you thing about I , and you tell I thing about you . paul I do not want to know anything about you . cinquanta smart boy . we talk about you then . paul what do you want to know about I ? cinquanta tell I about you grandfather . tell I about you mother . tell I about the money . int . 727 airliner -- day fletcher chace sit in a aisle seat , study he file on gail and Little Paul . the stewardess crack open a tiny airplane bottle of campari for he and pour it into a glass . chace mille grazie , signorina . we pull back along the aisle -- to where gail sit at a window seat , eyeing fletcher chace warily from behind dark glass . int . rome fiumicino airport -- boarding gate -- evening the gate open , and a flood of reporter and paparazzi be wait for we . flashbulb click and whirr like locust . reporter signora , signora ! be you son still alive ? signora ! chace out of the way , fella . reporter 1 when will you pay the ransom for you son 's life ? gail I do not have the money . the reporter laugh . 39 . reporter 2 you divorced the son of the richest man in the world , signora ! chace ( 0.s. ) you do not have to answer question . gail no . I want to say something . gail 's voice be tense with emotion , but she remain poise . gail ( cont 'd ) my son Paul must be very frighten right now . I know I be frighten for he . so to the people who take he : I do not care why you do this , but as a mother I ask you to think of you own child , or of the child you once be , and set my boy free . a brief silence , then : reporter 3 ( to chace ) scusi . why do the lady not cry ? gail Excuse I ? reporter 3 you son be disappear . a mother should cry for she son . gail you want I to cry , be that it ? chace all right . let the lady through . the crowd part before we to reveal the smartly - dress investigating magistrate ANTONIO del rovere flanke by two uniform officer of the italian policia DI stato . the flashbulb pop and whirr , recording the moment : del rovere Ms. getty . I be Antonio Del rovere of the policia di stato . int . questura policia DI stato ( police headquarters ) -- night Del rovere lead gail and chace from a police sedan in the parking garage into the front lobby of a castle that have be transformed into a police questura . 40 . del rovere you son be a very lucky boy , signora . gail nothing about this feel lucky to I . del rovere of course , it 's a terrible thing . but if he have to be take , this be the best place it could happen . no police department in the world have solve more kidnapping . chace how do you earn that distinction ? rovere lead they up the marble staircase . del rovere a few year ago we have a outbreak of kidnap . wealthy people , ordinary italian , everyone . this be how the communist rosso brigate finance they terrorist activity . everyone pay the ransom , no matter what we tell they to do . gail what about the family that refuse to pay ? del rovere even the poorest family will give up everything to have they child back . so I devise a solution . we froze the bank account of the all the family so they could not pay . chace be that legal ? del rovere if the police do it , it must be legal . it take some time but they realize the money would not come . now it seem they have decide to take foreigner instead . chace freeze J Paul getty 's money be not go to be a option in this case . del rovere I be sorry , I have forget which party you say you be work for . 41 . chace I represent Mr. getty 's interest . I be he head of security . del rovere and what be Mr. getty 's interest ? gail Business , sex , and the collect of art . in that order . Del rovere laugh , but gail 's not joke . gail ( cont 'd ) I hope you be about to inform we you have some information about my son . have anyone step forward to claim responsibility for he kidnap ? del rovere tutti , signora . everybody . he open a door -- int . evidence room -- day -- to a darken room fill with glow light table where inspector examine ransom letter , dusting for fingerprint . gail this letter be address to I . you have be open my mail -- ? del rovere it may be you mail , but it 's we evidence . all this letter be from people claim to have kidnap you son . from all over the world . Germany , California , faster than we can investigate . chace $ 17 million bring out a crowd . gail you be tell I you have nothing . del rovere no , signora , we have too much . too many kidnapper , too many reporter . a victim worth too much money . chace want some free advice ? put it in the papers . ( more ) 42 . chace ( cont 'd ) when the kidnapper find out every lowlife in Rome be try to poach they ransom they will have to come out into the open to claim it . del rovere it 's the communist , the rosso brigate . to kidnap the child of the richest capitalist in the world -- this would be a dream for they . they will take you too , signora , if they can . so I be place you under police protection . gail I do not need anyone 's protection . I be not a real getty . I never be . I be a ordinary person . del rovere you be not a person anymore . you be a symbol . my officer will escort you home . buona sera . ext . police car / rome street -- night gail and chace ride in back as the police car blaze through the street . plaster along the wall be blowup of the cover of La stampa with Paul getty 's photograph on it . a motorbike pull up alongside gail 's window . the rider reach into he bag and we see the glint of black metal -- chace Jesus , shake they off . swerve ! and a flashbulb fire . the paparazzo shove he camera back into he bag and speed away . gail never flinch . chace ( cont 'd ) hey ! do not you see that ? police driver it 's a free country . gail look over at the flustered chace . gail it 's kind of you to make a fuss , Mr. chace , but you really need not bother . 43 . int . gail be apartment -- night in the kitchen , two surveillance officer of the policia di stato be set up a large reel - to- reel tape recorder on the table and connect it to the telephone . gail be there anywhere you can put that so that we have a place to eat ? surveillance officer you child be kidnap , signora . how can you think about eat ? this sting . gail do what you have to do . in the live room , chace be examine she belonging : the apartment be simple but stylish as gail herself . gail 's daughter ariadne walk in in she pajamas , rub sleep from she eye . chace be awkward . chace hi there . gail back to bed , darling . chace all this strange man in she house . gail tuck she daughter back into bed . meanwhile , chace enter Little Paul 's room . when gail re-enter , she find chace rifling through book on the bookshelf . chace ( cont 'd ) do Paul do any drug ? marijuana ? gail he be a teenage boy . he have teenage boy problem . he make teenage boy mistake . chace I be just try to find it before that guy in the kitchen do . gail they have already searched this room . chace he would get in trouble at school , be I right ? 44 , gail a boy need a father , and he be strung out in marrakech with Mick Jagger . it be all I could do to get he to come home at night . he open a copy of " watership down " and a tiny bag of hashish fall out . gail eye gail look he pocket it . he find Paul 's address book . chace can I take this ? he warily . gail do you carry a gun , Mr. chace ? ( off he look ) you say you use to be a spy . chace that 's not how I put it on my tax return , but yeah . gail spy carry gun . chace I never bother . ruin the line of you suit . gun be for people who do not have money . ( a beat ) all that spooky paperback stuff -- chase around blow poison dart at the kgb in the arab Quarter -- that 's not what I do for a live . gail what do you do , then ? chace I make deal . I buy people . I whisper in Generals ' ear . at he , then nod . gail take it . chace pocket the address book , rise , and return to the live room . the mustach surveillance Officer from the kitchen -- he name be corvo -- approach gail . corvo one final question , signora . about you testimony earlier . why do you think the kidnap be a joke ? ( more ) 45 . corvo ( cont 'd ) ( off she look ) you say that when you first receive the phone call from cinquanta you think it be a joke . gail that 's what pass through my mind . corvo it 's a strange reaction , be it not ? someone tell the mother she son be kidnap and she think it 's funny ? gail I do not think it be funny at all . it seem unbelievable . corvo you do not believe the man on the phone ? gail it 's a figure of speech . the whole situation be unbelievable . it still be . corvo tragic , yes . but not unbelievable . chace it 's not tragic yet . maybe you ought to work on keep it that way . corvo a figure of speech , as you say . please let we know , signora , if you plan to leave Italy for any reason . corvo bow slightly and head for the door with he partner . gail why do you think he say that ? chace do you want I to get rid of they ? gail when the time come I will do it myself . good evening , Mr. chace . ext . gail be apartment -- night chace exit the building by a side entrance , past the half - dozen paparazzi campe outside . 46 . he cast a final glance up at gail 's glow window , then disappear into the night . dissolve to : int . calabrian cave -- day we descend into a cave deep in the calabrian mountain . a army cot have be set up in here , with wooden box for table and chair . year of crude graffiti on the wall . deep inside the cave cinquanta find a unlit oil lamp . he take out a match and light it -- -- revealing a bunk bed set up in here , and Paul be chain to it . cinquanta reach into he bag . he bring out a can of bean and a composition notebook . cinquanta write another letter to you mother . tell she if she do not pay , we will mail she you finger . cinquanta set down a ballpoint pen . the boy take it . cinquanta eye he suspiciously . cinquanta ( cont 'd ) why do not you family love you ? paul I think they love I . I hope so . cinquanta what 's wrong with you ? be you a bad boy ? paul no. cinquanta do not lie . what do you do ? paul I set a fire at my school and they kick I out . cinquanta consider this . he shrug . cinquanta boy play with fire . I do . if my son be kidnap , bad , good , I would pay any money to get he back . paul they be go to pay . they just need to get use to the idea of it . 47 . cinquanta I would get the money . I would borrow it . steal . ok , I steal anyway , but I would steal more . paul you have a kid ? ( realize ) I should not have ask that . cinquanta once . for a few week , that 's all . my wife put he to sleep in the crib . in the morning the baby be cold . no life . the doctor give no reason . no answer . nothing . cinquanta suddenly seem angry . cinquanta ( cont 'd ) Americans ! I do not understand you . for we , family be everything . we be obbligo . I be bear into my family , and that decide my whole life . my whole life . paul I be obbligo too . as much as you . cinquanta look at Paul . he smile . cinquanta when we get the money , we will run away from they . to America , eh ? cinquanta gaze out of the cave at a patch of blue sky . cinquanta ( cont 'd ) a corvette . that 's a nice car . just drive away . he snap out of it . he hit the boy on the back of the head . cinquanta ( cont 'd ) cazzo ! what be you do ? write . convince she to pay we we money or mother of God I will kill you myself . cinquanta take the notebook and exit , leave the pen and match . Paul slip they into the sleeve of he shirt . int . gail be apartment -- morning the reel - to- reel tape recorder sit in the center of the table . the kid eat they cereal beside it in they pajamas . gail throw open the curtain to let the light in -- 48 . -- spray-paint in drip red on the wall outside the window be a five - pointed STAR . it seem the remnant of some satanic ritual . paint above it , the word rosso brigate . she pull the curtain shut . her kid continue eat , oblivious . int . porto romano yacht club -- morning isabelle and Julian , gail 's friend , wait for she at the foot of the gangplank as she board they 47 - footer . isabelle gail , I be so sorry . isabelle embrace gail . for a moment gail allow herself to melt into she friend 's arm . CUT to : gail 's host serve a light lunch on deck . gail can not eat . isabelle ( cont 'd ) we be tear up for you . what you must be go through . julian and the papers can not help any . gail it do not matter what I be go through . I sleep in a warm bed every night . God only know where Paul 's sleep . I mean , look at I , I be on a yacht . julian that 's the spirit . gail ( summoning she nerve ) I do not know how else to say this . you be my friend , so I think I could turn to you . I need money . for the ransom . isabelle we do not have that kind of money . we be not getty . gail we could get some friend together . here aboard you boat . the money would be pay back in full , I can not say when but -- 49 . isabelle I mean , when you think how fortunate that boy have be . the money he will inherit one day . gail all of we be fortunate . isabelle not like that . he 's set for life . gail he have to live that long first . the money should not matter . he 's just a boy , a ordinary boy . isabelle of course it matter , gail . you would be ask we , ask we friend , to give a fortune to a boy who 's worth more money than they will ever have . gail if I could think of another way I would not be ask . julian and let 's be honest , Paul be no angel . gail you be say he deserve this ? isabelle of course not , but it be not entirely a surprise , either . privileged kid get into trouble . if it 's not drug -- julian everything come too easy . gail I forget how you build yourselves up from nothing . a silence . a crewman come to take away they salad plate . isabelle ( a force smile ) you will see . in a few week we will all be sailing to portofino again , like none of this ever happen . ext . via pansiperna , rome -- evening fletcher chace walk with a newspaper fold beneath he arm . he pass a streetlight with a " X " mark in chalk . 50 . park twenty pace from the streetlight be a white plumber 's van . chace knock on the rear door twice , and wait . int . white van -- evening a bland - look young fellow frisk chace . bland fellow siediti perfavore . chace obey . the van lurch into motion . int . suburban house -- night the bland fellow lead chace out of the garage into a sparsely - decorate home . chace be lead to a chair in the dining room . a red rosso brigate flag be drape over one wall . bland fellow perfavore . chace obey . a lamp be switch on , shine in he eye . francesci , a mustach young man in a corduroy sportcoat , be seat beside the lamp . a gun be on the table beside he . there be other in the room . chace squint at they . chace you do not look like communist . francesci what do communist look like ? chace worker . be not that the original idea ? francesci sorry to disappoint you . chace you look like accountant . francesci let 's talk about the money . chace first you prove to I that you have the boy and he 's in good health . then we negotiate the term . but first the proof . francesci first the money . then the boy . 51 . chace it do not work that way . you know that . you be suppose to be pro . francesci no condition . chace I do not think you have the kid . a intense young woman , margherita , speak : margherita why be we negotiate with he ? we should try he and put he to death . chace for what ? margherita for crime against the proletariat . chace now I know you do not have the kid . if you kill I , getty 's just go to send someone else like I . unless he do not , in which case where do that leave you ? think , comrade . francesci we have a agreement . chace who have a agreement ? francesci we do . with Paul . chace 's smile fade . chace Excuse I ? francesci Paul use to talk about have himself kidnap . with he friend , out on the street . a game , no one get hurt . a way to make a little money from he grandfather , two million dollar perhaps . that 's what we do . chace rub he eye , suddenly weary . chace do Paul know who you be ? 52 . francesci we make friend with he . we tell he we could help . but then he disappear . margherita we believe he find someone else . chace and now you want -- what ? a finder 's fee ? a consolation prize ? margherita the people be owed . chace '' the people , " or just the people in this room ? and here I think you all be suppose to be above money . francesci no one be above money . the problem be that it 's in the wrong hand . we intend to get what be we due . chace ( vise ) I will save you a place in line . francesci I be curious . what would getty pay for you ? chace do not bother . he would not pay a dime for I . neither would anyone else . francesci I have never meet anyone who could not think of someone who would pay for he life . chace there 's a first time for everything . now be you go to drive I back , or be I go to walk out the front door ? ext . industrial highway -- night a stretch of barren highway out by a industrial plant . the white van slow , its door open , and chace be shove out . the van speed away . chace pick himself up off the asphalt , dust himself off , and look around . he be utterly lose . 53 . int . gail be apartment -- front doorway -- day chace stand in gail 's doorway . she seem take aback . gail you have get to remember who the getty be . every time someone stay in the bathroom too long people start make joke about be hold for ransom . he might have crack a joke once or twice among friend -- chace there 's that word again . gail what word ? chace a joke . when it first happen you say you think it be a joke . gail now you sound like that policeman . chace do Paul ever talk to you about have himself kidnap ? gail whose side be you on , Mr chace ? chace I be on my own side , always . and if there 's a joke I like to make sure I be in on it . del rovere ( v.o. ) New development have come to light . int . HOTEL lobby / bar -- evening Del rovere and corvo have come to chace 's hotel . a news report about the OPEC summit play on tv behind the bar . corvo gail getty be two month behind on the rent on she apartment . del rovere the lady need money . chace so do i. 54 . del rovere so do we all . but gail getty give up a chance to make a fortune in she divorce . do you know ? corvo we calculate the money ms getty could have expect in she settlement . the number be 15 to 18 million dollar . quite a coincidence . chace I be impressed you have any time at all to look for the kid . corvo then there be the matter of gail 's lover . chace blink . corvo take out a picture of a handsome sicilian . it 's a police book photo . corvo ( cont 'd ) luigi della ratta . a casino croupier , very much a lady ' man , with repute criminal connection . chace stare at the photo . del rovere it should have be obvious . a pretty lady like this , expensive taste , so insistent to get getty to pay the ransom -- corvo but never do she cry for she child . how can a mother not cry ? chace push the photo away . chace Nice work , fella . del rovere and you ? have you learn anything ? chace nothing . Brick wall . del rovere you look like you have taste something you do not like . if you do not like you drink , just get another . 55 . chace this be go to kill the old man . it have to stay out of the papers . del rovere nothing leave this table . it 's for the best , eh ? there be never any danger . you have only to wait for the boy to return . Del rovere rise , and corvo with he . he nod at a dark - haire beauty at the other end of the bar and lean in . del rovere ( cont 'd ) a single man alone in Rome on the getty expense account . I envy you . the two man grin as they leave chace at the bar . chace glance up at the tv . on a bolletino straordinario , the shah of iran be make a speech : shah of iran ( 0.s. ) of course the price of oil must rise . you increase the price of wheat you sell we by 3008 , it 's only fair that , from now on , you should pay more for oil . let 's say ten time more . CUT to a wide : all that remain of fletcher chace be the tip he 's leave on the bar . he 's already go . ext . sutton place ( surrey , england ) -- day rain . the great gate open for fletcher chace . ext . sutton place -- reflecting pool / garden -- day J Paul getty and chace walk side - by-side . getty I wish I could say I be surprised . getty approach a statue by the reflect pool . he put he hand upon it , as if for support . he seem badly shake . chace be you all right , Mr getty ? getty when I write my book , " how to be Rich , " the publisher call I and say they want to change the title . they want to call it " how to get Rich . " they think it would sell more copy . ( more ) 56 . getty ( cont 'd ) ( shake he head ) I tell they get rich be easy . any fool can get rich , and a remarkable number of fool do . chace I have notice that . getty but be rich -- that 's hard . see , the ordinary work man have to go to work to feed he family . maybe he hate he job , hate he boss , but the drive for survival give he a purpose in life . when a man get rich , he 's face with the problem of freedom . a abyss open up before he . I have see it ruin man , and marriage , and most of all it ruin the child . chace he 's a kid . kid do stupid thing . getty I think I could trust my own blood . chace he 's probably lie on a beach somewhere . when he get bored or run out of money he will come home . and he will have learn he lesson . getty I want to give he everything , give he all my knowledge , all I have build , and he just want to pick my pocket . like he father , like he uncle , like the parasite that have swarm around I my entire life . getty walk on , through he sculpture garden . getty ( cont 'd ) that 's why I like thing , see . they be what they appear to be , and they never change . they never disappoint . there 's a purity to beautiful thing that I have never be able to find in another human be . chace neither have I . ( more ) 57 . chace ( cont 'd ) ( off he look ) you be right not to pay the ransom . you be right to follow you gut . getty turn away from chace , suddenly distant . getty you perform well . this will be reflect in you year - end bonus . chace thank you , Mr. getty . getty go back to Rome . wait there for Paul to return . but you investigation be close . the search be over . black out . fade in : a patch of blue sky frame by the mouth of the cave . we hear the kidnapper argue , they voice echoing off the cave wall . in the darkness Paul listen . ext . calabrian mountain -- day chipmunk , tote a shotgun , lead Little Paul on a wind trail through the mountain . the weather be turn cold ; the boy be wrap in a blanket . they approach a creek bed . chipmunk do you have to go ? here 's you chance . I be not take you out again . Paul shake he head . chipmunk scratch at he mask . chipmunk ( cont 'd ) you do not eat , that 's why . we food be not good enough for you . wait here . chipmunk climb down into the ravine , out of sight of the boy . he peel back he ski mask for a moment , then unzip and begin to urinate . he zip up and climb back up the ravine . Paul stare at he for a moment , then quickly look away . chipmunk ( cont 'd ) what be you look at -- ? 58 . chipmunk reach for he mask , and realize he never pull it back down . chipmunk ( cont 'd ) pezzo di merda ! you see my face ! little paul I do not see anything ! chipmunk figlia di puttana ! culo ! he pull the ski mask down , then realize it 's pointless . he pull it off and start kick it across the ground . chipmunk ( cont 'd ) you see my face ! do not lie ! paul I will not tell anyone what you look like , I swear . chipmunk you little shit . you have ruin everything . chipmunk raise he shotgun at Paul . chipmunk ( cont 'd ) run. run away . fretta ! little paul no . you be gonna shoot I in the back and tell they I try to escape . Paul shake he head , close he eye and refuse to turn he back . chipmunk give up . he kick the ski mask again . chipmunk manache ! have it you way . worse for you . you will wish you run ! chipmunk grab Paul and drag he back down the hill toward the squat stucco house in the distance . ext . stone house -- evening Paul be tethere to a rock by a rope around he neck as goat graze around he . he watch the little house : inside , piccolo , cinquanta and chipmunk be argue . Paul lean over and pull at the tether . desperate , he begin to chew on it . the man 's voice grow ever louder . 59 . then they fall silent . the front door of the house open and three man walk out -- cinquanta and chipmunk in the lead , with the bow-legge piccolino fall behind . chipmunk I tell you . chipmunk be carry he shotgun . he chamber a shell . Paul begin to whimper desperately . paul please . do not . the money . you can still get the money . chipmunk close the shotgun and raise it at Paul . chipmunk you have to ruin it for everyone . now piccolino raise he gun as well . he fire and we CUT to : the phone ring and a groggy fletcher chace fumble in the dark . a copy of getty 's book " how to be Rich " be open on the nightstand . chace who 's . yes . Si ? del rovere ( 0.s. ) mister chace . we be request you and Ms. getty to report to the questura . chace for what ? del rovere ( 0.s. ) to identify the body . chace the body ? del rovere ( 0.s. ) Paul 's body . Paul getty . chace be suddenly alert . chace Paul 's . ( blink ) ok , yes . va be . we be come . 60 . chace hang up . he sit up and start pace the room . the raven-haire beauty from the bar be in he bed . chace ( cont 'd ) you have get to go . sicilian beauty perch , fletcher ? chace start put on he clothes in a hurry . he start to pick up the phone , then put it down again . ext . gail be apartment -- night gail open the door wear she robe . gail chace -- ? chace I be sorry , gail . gail ( realize ) oh god. she cover she face with she hand . chace look away . int . police car -- night the squadra mobile car speed through the night . chace steal furtive glance at gail . chace mistake be make , obviously , somehow . my investigation and the police 's lead we to the conclusion that there be no physical danger -- gail I be sorry , Mr chace . I be on my way to identify my son 's body . I do not feel like talk . int . rome police station -- morgue -- day the morgue date to the 19th century ; it 's dank as a catacomb . the body be laid out on a marble slab , cover by a sheet . del rovere the corpse have be in sea water for some hour when it wash ashore . the appearance may be a shock . we gaze up at they face as they gather round the table . the elderly coroner pull back the sheet . 61 . chace God damn ! chace reel . gail almost faint . she shake she head " no . reverse angle : the bloat , waterlogged body on the table be not Paul . it 's chipmunk . he have a ugly exit wound in he chest from where he be shot in the back by piccolino . gail it 's not he . it 's not Paul . chace the guy have five o'clock shadow , for Christ 's sake . he be head for a midlife crisis when they shot he . corvo a sailor by the harbor see a body be throw from a white fiat 600 , like the car the kidnapper drive . chace this country 's infest with fiat 600s . first you say it be a hoax , then you tell we they murder he . why do not you make up you mind ? del rovere no one stop you do you own job , Mr chace . you do that yourself . chace be momentarily speechless . coroner ( 0.s. ) scusi . everyone turn . the ancient coroner be pick at the body on the slab with a pair of tweezers . he pluck something from chipmunk 's beard , hold it up to the light : red fiber . coroner ( cont 'd ) un filato de tessuto rosso . del rovere the carpet the body be transport in . the coroner shake he head , mime scratch at he beard . coroner una maschera . 62 . chace a ski mask . CUT to : a mug shot of chipmunk . there 's more than one to choose from , go all the way back to he childhood . int . evidence room -- day the Police clerk search through box of criminal photo file . photo of chipmunk be pin to the wall . corvo ettore " Il tamia " pazzano , age 33 year . purse snatching , public indecency , vandalism , desecration of a holy place , corruption of the youth . photo of cinquanta and piccolino be pin up on the board . corvo ( cont 'd ) known associate : alberto laganadi , dino bova , Dante agnana , all from fiumara , calabria , population 1381 . chace how fast can we get to fiumara ? CUT to : a convoy of squadra mobile vehicle on the unpave road through the calabrian mountain : we gaze down at they from a police helicopter circle high overhead . ext . mountain road -- calabria -- pre-dawn the police car stop on the mountain road and the uniform police climb out . Del rovere instruct chace : del rovere I must ask you to stay here . for you own safety . chace watch rovere head off down the road . chace ( to gail ) stay here . chace open the door and climb out . the officer at the wheel protest , but chace ignore he . then gail climb out as well , and the cop go apoplectic . 63 . gail arrest I . we can see the stone house from several hundred meter away as the police create a wide perimeter encircle it . nearby , a squadra officer question a goatherd . gail listen in : goatherd ..- hanno mantenuto il ragazzo in una grotta nelle montagne ... gail start walk up the mountain road , in the opposite direction from the police , and chace follow . they reach the mouth of the cave , which be litter with cigarette butt . gail enter . chace cast a glance back : in the pasture far below , the police cordon around the stone house draw tighter . int . cave we hold on gail as she move deeper into the dark , follow the last of daylight into its depth . then she find it : gail Paul . paul be bed , empty . the chain and shackle lie beside it , and Paul 's fantastic Comics lie on the ground . a unfinish letter in he handwrite crumpled beside it . gail ( cont 'd ) " if you love I , mother -- gunshot ring out , the echoe multiply off the cave wall . gail and chace hurry to the mouth of the cave . ext . stone house -- morning the house be riddled with gunfire , the window shattered . piccolino slump in the doorway with he shotgun in the dust beside he . Del rovere kick the gun aside . piccolino molti poliziotti ... so many police . tanti ... del rovere where be the boy ? piccolino lo abbiamo venduto . piccolino cough , drown in he own blood . a sad smile . piccolino ( cont 'd ) we sell he . 64 . del rovere sold he to whom ? CUT to : saverio mammoliti walk through a factory where woman sew counterfeit fendi handbags . mammoliti examine the workmanship on one of the handbags , compare it against the genuine article . mammoliti this lining . it need to be double - stiched to look like the real fendi my buyer can tell the difference . mammoliti be forty year old , blankly handsome , and dress in a tailore suit : he could easily be see in the business - class lounge of any international airport in the world . mammoliti ( cont 'd ) do it again . mammoliti hand the bag back to the woman . she nod , careful not to make eye contact : she be frighten of he . factory woman sicuramente , signore . perdonami . int . mercede 280se -- day saverio mammoliti sit in the backseat , he briefcase open beside he , peruse a balance sheet . his bald - shaven driver / bodyguard , sgro , pull over behind a tractor-trailer . int . tractor -trailer -- day the cargo door roll open , revealing pallet of counterfeit goods . Paul getty be in back , guard by two of mammoliti 's man . cinquanta be here as well . mammoliti ( be : cinquanta ) what 's this ? sgro he come with the boy . mammoliti look cinquanta over ; a 21st century gangster look back at a Stone Age one . mammoliti get he out of here . I do not want he around . cinquanta two dozen 65 . cinquanta it be part of we deal . I help with the kid . I look after he . mammoliti you service be no longer require . cinquanta the mother and i. gail getty . we have a dialogue . I can help you get the money . mammoliti we know how to get the money . it 's not that hard if you have the stomach for it . sgro you hear he . reluctantly rise . Paul watch he go . mammoliti ( 0.s. ) do he do what you say ? cinquanta always . he 's a good boy . mammoliti he 's not eat . look at he . we need he to eat meat , lot of meat . build up he blood . do you understand my meaning ? cinquanta yes . I understand you meaning . mammoliti va be . you work for we now . CUT to : saudi prince emerge from the 1973 extraordinary summit of OPEC . ext . OPEC summit , vienna , austria -- day the prince ' white robe billow in the breeze ; they wear the triumphant smile of man who have seize a historic moment . ext . london commodity exchange -- day getty' limousine pull up in front of the Exchange . J Paul getty emerge , resplendent in a saville row three - piece and accompany by two lacquer youngish women in tight dress . 66 . int . london commodity exchange -- day getty take he seat overlook the exchange , flanke by he two concubine , like a Emperor at the Arena . the trader on the floor await the open bell with dread and excitement . getty 's floor trader hurry up the step to take he order . getty pat he stomach , like a man who can not eat any more : getty no trade for I , George . my long book 's all top up . Truth be , I wake up this morning about as long as I have be since I be a teenager . the lady titter and smirk . one lean in , confidential : mistress he just like to watch . getty shoot she a reproving " bad girl " look . she put out she hand and he pinch it playfully . getty watch carefully , girl . in sixty second half the man in this room will be bankrupt . the second tick down . the floor trader brace themselves . we push in on getty as the open bell ring ... int . london heathrow airport -- day the board gate door open and fletcher chace emerge wear a suit , sunglass and a repentant look . then he see something that stop he cold : embargo headline on every London newspaper 's evening edition : " OPEC shut off global oil supply . " chace ( v.o. ) when I get on the plane this morning oil be $ 4 per barrel . int . sutton place -- day chace walk the hall alongside getty . getty you should have buy it . no one will ever see that price again . getty 's secretary hurry up to he in she high heel . she hand he a slip of ticker tape . 67 . secretary the New York open , Mr. getty . chace I think it 's time to reassess we strategy -- getty shh . getty read the tape and gaze into the distance . then he 's chace what be you do , sir ? getty multiplication . do . the number seem to surprise even he . getty ( cont 'd ) a good day . chace I be glad to hear that , Mr getty . it will make this much easier . ( a beat ) we need to pay the ransom . getty you say it be a hoax . chace you grandson be kidnap by member of the calabrian n'dragheta , the oldest of all italian mafias . two of the original kidnapper be dead and one be miss . getty that sound like progress to I . chace I be afraid not . they get nervous wait for the ransom and sell the boy to a investor . getty you tell I Paul and he mother cook this up to soak I . chace I be wrong . Paul may have talk about be kidnap with he friend . he may have put it out there but I do not believe he 's behind this . 68 . getty how do I know you be not wrong now ? chace look , this people be not the old - world malavita anymore . they be businessman . they only code be profit and loss . they will do thing to Paul that can not be undone for any amount of money . getty Paul get himself into this . the boy 's go to have to live with the consequence of he action . chace do not let he die just for be a child . we have to pay . getty I can not . chace I be sorry ? getty it simply be not possible right now . my financial position have change . chace I be not all that bright but I can multiply as well as you . with oil up 7 % this morning you make a fortune . getty precisely . I be highly leverage to the price of oil right now . chace in the middle of a oil embargo I would say that 's a good place to be . getty when the oil price be rise , it be . but what if the price of oil be suddenly to fall ? what if the embargo be lift ? what then ? I would be expose . do you know how jesse livermore die ? chace I do not know who he be . 69 . getty he be the great speculator in stock ever to work on Wall Street . he blow he brain out in a coat check room after he lose every penny he have . that 's how fast a man 's fortune can turn . do not you see ? I have never be more vulnerable financially than I be right now . chace no one have ever be richer than you be at this moment . getty I do not have the money to spare . chace what would it take ? how much would it take for you to feel secure ? getty more . chace be strike silent . getty turn on he : getty ( cont 'd ) I do not need to hire a ex - CIA officer just to pay people off . I can do that myself . I hire you to do thing other people can not , or will not . that mean rescue the boy . chace I can not do it without money . getty there be no money . you will have to get the boy on you own . int . gail be apartment -- kitchen -- night the wall - mount phone ring . gail answer it . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) signora . gail where be my son ? cinquanta ( 0.s. ) he be still in good health . I be with he , do not worry . in the bg , chace turn the reel - to- reel tape recorder on . 70 . gail it 's because of you I worry . I want to talk to he . int . phone booth , reggio , calabria -- day cinquanta I be afraid this I cannot do . I be not in charge anymore . int . gail be apartment -- kitchen -- day chace appear at gail 's shoulder . gail hand he the phone . chace this be fletcher chace . Mr. getty have authorize I to negotiate on he behalf . we will cover all you expense up to $ 200,000 . anything under this figure be not consider extortion under italian law so you can walk away free and clear . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) the boy be worth much more . they be not stupid . chace the boy be worth nothing to anyone . we be just try to settle this without cause any more embarrassment to the family . gail ( 0.s. ) my God -- chace he 's a juvenile delinquent . his grandfather 's disown he . it 's a tough break you take the wrong kid , but you be get off easy . cinquanta you arrogant bastard . chace you uncle piccolino die in custody last night , by the way . you ought to take this deal before the same happen to you . chace calmly hang up the receiver . a hand reach into frame , pick up the receiver , and hit he with it . 71 . chace ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) whoa there -- ! but the next one connect . gail hit he again , push he back over the stove . dish come out of the cupboard and rain down in shatter . everything collapse to the kitchen floor . chace grab at gail 's wrist as they grapple atop break plate . somewhere gail 's child be cry . then she 's off he . chace be lie on he back look up at the ceiling , bleed from a split lip . she disappear , take she cry child with she . chace be leave lie on the kitchen floor . gail re-enter . chace ( cont 'd ) I need some ice or I will bleed all over you floor . gail reach into the freezer , pull out a tray of ice , and drop it onto the floor . chace rub ice cube on he face . chace ( cont 'd ) I lie . I say I be authorize to pay they $ 200,000 . you know how much I be really authorize to pay ? nothing . if they accept I will not be able to deliver but I have to buy some time . you want to know what I use to do ? this be what I use to do . what I still do , for getty . gail you " make deal . " you " buy people . " chace that 's right . whether it 's a pit of grease in the desert or a human life it 's all the same . we have to show we be willing to walk away . gail I can not walk away . you can walk away , because you have nothing to lose , because there 's no one in you world but yourself . chace Fair enough . chace go to the door . as he leave : 72 . chace ( cont 'd ) seventeen million dollar and zero dollar . that 's how far apart we be . that number have get to move . int . gail be apartment -- night gail lie in bed in the fetal position . the phone ring . she go to the kitchen and pick it up . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) Seven million dollar . dial tone . gail be leave hold the receiver . the number have just move . int . ST . peter' basilica -- day great shaft of light penetrate the darkness of the basilica 's vault dome . in a pew toward the rear gail and chace sit eight foot apart , like a couple wait to get a divorce . gail when a man like you resort to prayer I start to worry we be run out of option . chace we be not here to pray . we be here to speak to the archbishop marcinckus . the six-foot-six archbishop marcinckus approach . chace ( cont 'd ) otherwise know as the Pope 's gorilla . CUT to : marcinkus and gail with they head bow in prayer . marcinkus / gail sancta Maria , mater dei , ora pro nobis peccatoribus , nunc , et in hora mortis nostrae . chace sit watch a few row back , like a man wait in a bus station . as they prayer be finish , he join they . marcinkus ms getty , the Holy pontiff himself be praying today for the safe return of you beautiful boy . gail thank you , archbishop marcinkus . ( more ) 73. gail ( cont 'd ) I be hope you could use you personal influence to help Paul . chace Paul have be kidnap by the n'dragheta , father . marcinkus nod . he speak in a blunt Chicago accent : marcinkus I may be able to have some influence there . ( off gail 's look ) do not look so surprised . the vatican have for hundred of year have relationship with the ancient fraternal organization of Italy . gail actually , we be hope he holiness would persuade my father - in - law to pay the ransom . marcinkus you want I to ask the pontiff to twist J Paul getty 's arm ? chace Mr. getty tend to listen to that he consider he equal . marcinkus and he think the Pope be he equal . chace nearly . marcinkus you give I the impression that you be here on Mr. getty 's behalf . who be it you be work for ? for a moment , chace do not know how to answer . chace I just want to bring the boy home . marcinkus rise . marcinkus I will have a word with he holiness . ( be : chace 's face ) you look like you meet up with something that do not agree with you . 74 . gail look away . chace Rome be a tough town , Father . marcinkus the toughest . ext . ST . peter' square -- day gail and chace walk in the shade of the colonnade beside the vast plaza . chace keep he distance . gail I owe you a apology , Mr chace . I be angry , but that 's no excuse . chace I have take worse beating before for less cause . never with a princess phone , though . gail please do not make a joke out of it . chace ok , how about this , then . you be right when you say I have nothing . I be not important , I be not rich . gail that 's not what I mean . chace but if I have the money to give I would give it to you . gail look up at he . chace ( cont 'd ) let I rephrase that . gail do not . gail walk through the colonnade , and chace walk with she . ext . rome fiumicino airport -- night a private plane taxi on the mist-shrouded runway . the clamshell air-stair descend , a black sedan pull up , and two bodyguard whisk J Paul getty inside . 75 . ext . HOTEL agosto -- night getty and he coterie enter via the alley door , briskly move through the kitchen . int . HOTEL agosto -- night a group of furtive milanese in black designer clothes hover outside a hotel suite . otto good evening , Mr. getty . getty nothing good about it . let 's get down to business . otto be you serious about make payment ? getty I would not be here if I be not . otto because there can not be any more game . you know we price , and it 's not subject to negotiation any longer . payment must be make in cash , tonight . getty I want the proof first . otto after you . int . HOTEL room -- night as he enter , getty be overcome with emotion . getty there you be . reverse angle : there on the bedspread be a small painting : albrecht diirer 's 15th century " madonna and child in a window . " otto because of the painting 's dispute provenance , it can never be publicly display . as discuss , we price be $ 1.15 million . getty I be afraid we be not able to bring the full sum . liquidity , you know . otto motion for he man to begin pack up the painting . 76 . otto true masterpiece never go on sale , Mr. getty . if you can not pay , you will never own one . getty grimace . he turn to one of he coterie : getty pay the man . int . butcher -- reggio , calabria -- day a butcher cut flesh from a lamb 's flank with a cleaver , wrap it in wax paper , and hand it to sgro and cinquanta . ext . wheatfield / barn -- evening a field of dry grain roil in the wind . a tumbledown clapboard shack stand at its center . int . barn -- evening Paul sit on a bare mattress , chain to the floor . cinquanta enter with a oil lantern and a cover plate . cinquanta I bring you something to warm you , paolo . something special for be a good boy . he set down the plate . two steak , run with blood . paul can I have some cracker ? cinquanta what do you want that for ? I bring you this good tagliata . come on , we eat it together . Paul take a bite . it 's hard to swallow . paul it 's too much . I will be sick . cinquanta look at I , Paul . you must eat it all , no matter how long it take . make sure you keep it down . paul you bring I steak now ? why ? the door open and a man walk in carry a doctor 's bag . the Doctor indicate for Paul to come to he . 77 . cinquanta do as he say . the Doctor examine Paul 's ear . he shave the hair around the ear with a straight razor , then swab it with alcohol . cinquanta ( cont 'd ) eat now . keep eat . ask I no question , paolo . you have to trust I . it 's important . he offer a bite to the boy , as you would to a child . paul I will eat it . just leave I alone and I will eat it all , ok ? the Doctor exit , he examination finish . cinquanta leave the plate on the floor . Paul take a bite of the steak . cinquanta if I could , I would take you place . cinquanta turn and walk outside , leave Paul alone . Paul spit out the morsel . he take out the bic pen and the box of match hide inside the waistband of he pants . quick cut : Paul use the steak knife to scrape the phosphorous off the match head . he remove the ink tube from the pen and pack it with the phosphorous . he go to work on the shackle that chain he to the barn floor , attack the floorboard with the knife . he hear the voice of the man . he look through a crack in the wall . they be drink and sing outside the farmhouse . he pull on the chain again , lean into it . finally it give . he fall , the chain clatter across the floor . through the crack in the wall : the man fall silent , then resume they carouse . Paul pick up the pen tube and raise it to he lip like a peashooter . he light a match -- -- and the phosphorous pack inside catch FIRE . it spark brilliantly , like a Roman candle . he aim it through the crack in the wall , then blows -- ext . barn -- night -- launching it into the field of dry , break grain . for a moment it be a shoot star , and then it land . int . barn -- night paul be eye peer through the crack in the wall -- 78 . ext . barn -- night -- as he Roman candle sputter amidst the crack stalk , then die . the light in Paul 's eye seem to die with it . then the wind pick up . the ember begin to glow and scatter ; the crack wheat catch fire . CUT to : the entire field be ablaze . Paul climb out of the wood shed with the break chain sling over he shoulder . he disappear into the wheat field . the flame threaten to overtake the barn ; the man from the house come run , desperate to rescue the boy inside . Paul run through the wheat field as a wall of flame consume it . the wind whip the smoke into a black cloud behind he . we pull back to gaze down upon the young boy as run , the great field of fire spread in he wake . ext . autostrada -- night Paul run toward the highway with the chain sling over he neck . a pillar of smoke climb into the sky in the distance . a single car drive by . Paul try to wave it down , but the driver speed up to avoid he . up ahead , he see it : a carabineri police car drive away . paul hey. Police . Police ! poliziotto ! Paul run into the highway , wave he arm . paul ( cont 'd ) over here ! attenzione ! a car horn blare : the driver nearly clip he -- -- but the red taillight on the police car light up . the mustach constable stop and climb out of the car . as soon as the constable get a glimpse of Paul 's condition he hurry over to he . the boy collapse into he arm . int . carabineri station -- night a fire glow in the hearth . the constable 's wife , a stocky italian mamma , stretch a blanket over Paul 's shoulder . in the bg , the constable phone in to report the boy 's rescue . mamma povera bambino ... cosi freddo ... 79 . she go to the hearth and spoon out a plate of warm polenta . mamma ( cont 'd ) mangia . Paul take a spoonful . as he eat , tear roll down he face . the constable and he wife smile warmly . paul can I make a phone call ? I want to call my mother . the old woman bring the telephone to the boy 's side and hand he the receiver . with tremble hand , he dial . int . gail be apartment -- night hold on the phone as it ring . gail turn on the tape recorder , then pick up the phone . paul ( 0.s. ) Mom ? ( a beat ) Mom , be you there ? gail Paul . paul ( 0.s. ) it 's alright , mom. I be ok . I be safe now . int . police station -- night as Paul talk with he mother , there 's a knock at the door . in the bg , the constable go to answer it . paul I be at the police station . I need you to come and get I . in the bg , several man enter and exchange greeting . gail ( 0.s. ) what police station ? where be you ? paul I just want to come home . you do not know how close they come . gail ( 0.s. ) I be come to take you home . what police station be you at ? paul hold on , I will ask . ( more ) 80 . paul ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) Excuse I , where be I ? dove sono io ? behind he , a hand reach into frame and press down on the receiver cradle , gently hang up the phone . int . gail be apartment -- night the line go dead . gail Paul ? Paul -- ? int . police station -- night we tilt up from the phone cradle along the length of the man 's arm -- -- revealing that it be saverio mammoliti himself that have hang up the phone . he reach out to the boy . mammoliti give it here . Paul hand the receiver to mammoliti , who hang up . we pan across the face in the room : mammoliti 's man , along with the constable , he wife , and , to one side , cinquanta . mammoliti offer he hand to Paul . mammoliti ( cont 'd ) come now , Paul . there will be no more foolishness . the boy place a hand over the ear that 's be shorn and clean , as if try to protect it . mammoliti ( cont 'd ) come . Paul take mammoliti 's hand . they walk out of the station hand - in-hand , into the street , where mammoliti 's car await . the rear door open , they climb inside , and the mercede vanish into the darkness . int . gail be apartment -- night gail stand freeze with the dead receiver in she hand . CUT to : the apartment be overrun by squadra mobile officer , include Del rovere and corvo . the tape squeal as it rewind , then : 81 . paul ( 0.s. ) I just want to come home . you do not know how close they come . gail ( 0.s. ) I be come to take you home . what police station be you at ? del rovere ( listen on headphone ) ascoltare . pavimenti . footstep . someone approach -- paul ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , where be I ? dove sono io -- click . the line go dead . del rovere someone break the connection . gail he be in a police station . nothing could happen to he there , right ? chace it could have be a bad connection . it 's Italy . nothing work right . corvo no. everything work differently . gail he be safe . he say he be safe . he be in this room , just now , talk to I . he can not just be go . del rovere keep the line open . he will call back . we will wait as long as it take . ext . wheatfield / barn -- night the fire in the field have burn itself out ; ash dance in the air like snowflake . Paul ride in the backseat with mammoliti . cinquanta ride up front with sgro . sgro ( sotto voce ) I be start to see why they do not want they kid back . maybe they would pay we to keep he , or kill he . 82 . cinquanta do not blame the kid . you would have do the same if you could have think of it . mammoliti gaze out the rear window . mammoliti a big fire like this ? it draw attention . inspector . bribe to be pay . we budget for contingency , but nothing like this . the farmhouse come into view . the wooden shed be scorched but still stand . we pull up in front of it . mammoliti ( cont 'd ) there be carry cost . it 's discipline , fiscal discipline . either the family pay , or we must cut we loss . int . gail be apartment -- morning the cop be all go . only they overflow ashtray and coffee cup remain . gail and chace have be up all night . chace sit at the table , tie askew , help ariadne , gail 's youngest , complete a word - search puzzle in a coloring book as she other son watch television . ariadne they always hide the word backwards . gail you do not have to do that . chace I enjoy it . it 's about my speed . gail he 's not go to call . go home . chace I do not have a home . I have a hotel . gail ( to ariadne ) come here , darling . i'1l help you . the girl sit beside gail . she turn to another puzzle -- a maze -- as chace reluctantly gather he jacket to leave . gail watch , mesmerize with exhaustion , as the point of the pencil slowly wind its way through the maze . then : 83. gail ( cont 'd ) my God . how could I be so stupid . gail leap up from she chair and run through the live room , down the hallway and into int . bedroom -- morning gail throw open the closet , open shoebox and fling they aside . she reach deep into the dark and find it : the minotaur statuette lie inside , swathed in gail 's scarf . she close the box and run back down the hallway , past chace . gail watch the kid . chace what be I suppose to feed they ? the door slam behind she on the way out . ext . sotheby's rome -- palazzo colonna -- day gail fix she makeup in a vanity mirror as she cab pull up outside the auction house . she pay the driver -- int . sotheby's rome -- day -- and grip the shoebox in both hand as she wait . a appraiser in a bespoke suit greet she . gail I be sorry to just show up like this . appraiser no , ms getty , it be we that be sorry to keep you wait . prego . int . appraiser's office -- day gail this piece come from my former father - in - law 's personal collection . it be a gift to he grandson . by he own estimate it be worth $ 1.2 million , and that be year ago . the appraiser open the box ... and the statue be unveil . gail ( cont 'd ) my situation be urgent . please , if you can give I any idea as to its true value -- the appraiser 's expression be one of surprise and confusion . 84 . appraiser signora , if we may have a moment alone to consult among ourselves . gail nod and exit . through the glass , we see he argue sotto voce with he associate . they call she back inside . appraiser ( cont 'd ) Seven or eight , at most . gail ( euphoric , relieved ) Seven million -- ! appraiser no , signora . Seven dollar . this be un gingillo , a trinket of the type sell to tourist . gail 's eye narrow . gail J Paul getty be the foremost collector in the world . do you really imagine that you know more than he do ? appraiser no , signora , I do not . but I know what my eye see . gail ( tremble ) we be a joke to you . all of you . I and my kid . we be never good enough . ( gather she thing ) I will get another appraisal . thank you for you time . appraiser signora . you might start at the National Museum . int . national museum of rome -- day gail walk through the Museum gallery clutching she shoebox , show the minotaur to anyone who will listen . she finally corner a docent , who point she down the hallway . docent dritto , poi a sinistra . gail hurry down the corridor , then turn into 85 . int . museum gift shop -- day at first it seem a cruel joke . but then she see it , beneath the cash register : a entire basket of minotaur , dozen of they , and every one be identical to hers . she kneel down before the wicker basket and reach into it , touch they , hearing the chalky clink of the little idol as the other customer try not to stare . she quickly gather up she shoebox and walk out . ext . national museum of rome -- plaza -- day she walk out into the plaza , exhaust and overcome . as she reach the center of the Plaza , she become dizzy . her step falter , she hesitates ... and then she collapse . int . barn -- night a wooden stump be place before we . it be dark with dry blood . the doctor 's instrument be laid out upon it . through the barn door we see cinquanta plead with mammoliti through the mercede ' rear window . the mercede drive away . cinquanta enter . he offer Paul a bottle of cheap brandy . cinquanta drink . fast as you can swallow . paul tastes awful . paul ( cont 'd ) when they get it , they will pay , right ? and then it 's over . cinquanta that 's right . you will be home soon . paul it 's only a ear , right ? in the shadow , man be move . a knife-glint in the dark . cinquanta look into my eye , paolo , always . no matter what happen . do not look at anything else but I . paul make it quick . tell they . cinquanta ( to the Doctor ) un taglio , rapidamente . ( more ) 86 . cinquanta ( cont 'd ) ( to Paul ) soon it 's over . paul when I get home -- a hand reach into frame and shove a rag into Paul 's mouth . other hand grab Paul by the arm as he struggle . the doctor grab the boy' ear , pull it taut -- doctor stabile ! tenerlo stabile ! -- and begin to see at it with a straight razor . Paul 's eye go wide with shock . cinquanta at I ! look at I , Paul ! my eye ! Paul 's eye be lock with cinquanta 's : they implore and accuse he . there be no blood ; the ear be like rubber . cinquanta ( cont 'd ) Maria santissima ! the doctor struggle with the knife . then , all at once , the blood come , spilling down the boy 's face . cinquanta ( cont 'd ) Paul -- ! finally the ear come free . they release Paul and he collapse , he blood spilling out across the floor , and we black out . fade in on : a SMALL yellow package address to " La stampa " newspaper be dumped out of a canvas postal worker 's bag onto a conveyor belt . int . rome post office -- day we follow the little package as it drift along on the tide of thousand of other letter and package , pass through chute and sorter , until it reach another conveyor -- -- where it abruptly stop . the conveyor belt be turn off ; the hum of machinery go silent . the postal worker leave they station . the light be switch off ... ..- and the package sit there on the conveyor belt , wait . 87 . int . gail be apartment -- kitchen -- day fletcher chace be in gail 's kitchen , forage through she refrigerator for sandwich fixing as she kid look on . chace look at this . we have get guanciale , pecorino moliterno , friggitello , scamorzina , licini coppa , limonata . back home you would be stick with peanut butter and marshmallow fluff . ariadne I want marshmallow fluff . chace start fix the sandwich . chace you be break my heart . I tell you what , I can get we some ship from back home . I have connection . but do not tell you mother . chace bring the sandwich over to the kitchen table , which be still burden by the reel - to- reel tape recorder . he lift it up and place it on the floor so they can eat . chace ( cont 'd ) more like it . chace and the kid eat the meal he have prepare . for a moment chace seem slightly surprised to find himself here . ext . gail be apartment -- day gail collect the day 's mail and the newspaper from the mailbox . from 0.s. we hear the sound of a camera clicking . gail look up to see a weedy paparazzo snap picture . gail lens cap . the paparazzo remove he lens cap , embarrassed . he try to get a reaction from she , call out question : paparazzo be you son dead , signora ? it 's four month now . surely he be dead . gail no . paparazzo how do you know ? gail do not answer . the paparazzo grow frustrated . 88 . paparazzo ( cont 'd ) we wait out here month . you do not pay the money . you do not cry . you do not care if you own son die . ( off she look ) I have to earn a live . gail money 's the best excuse there be . he shove he cigarette in he mouth and climb back onto he scooter , rewind he film as he go , then speed away . chace stand in the doorway behind gail . gail ( cont 'd ) I be pretty sure that be the last of they . they have all give up now . chace not everyone . a cold wind . she gather she sweater around herself . gail I wonder if it 's cold where they be keep he . chace he 's a tough kid . gail you have never even meet he . chace it 's what I be banking on . ( a beat ) look , I be go to ask you a question , and you be go to tell I it 's none of my business . but I have to ask . who be luigi della ratta ? gail you be resourceful enough to find that out on you own . chace to you , I mean . gail Lou be company when I need company . you know ? chace it 's all I have ever know . 89 . out in the street , some neighborhood kid be play soccer . Cars zoom by at high speed , and the kid just play through . chace ( cont 'd ) hey , kid , attento ! out of the street ! the kid ignore he . gail watch they . gail from the day you bring they home from the hospital , the world be full of danger that be never there before . a penny lie on the floor . a lamp with a fray electrical cable . a driver cross the divide line on the highway for a instant and all the light go out of the world forever . chace hostages to fortune . ( off she look ) it 's one of that thing the old man use to say when he want to come off all sage and profound . gail I have hear he say it too . I do not think he have any idea what it mean . gail turn and head back inside , leave chace alone . chace until now I do not think I have any idea myself . int . rome post office -- day the SMALL yellow package lie on the conveyor belt in the darken Rome Post Office . the overhead fluorescent flicker on , worker return to they station -- -- and the conveyor belt come to life . the little package be borne up once again on the tide of letter and package . int . " IL messaggero " newspaper -- newsroom -- day we ride with the package atop a mail cart as it travel through the bustling newsroom . it land on a desk outside a corner office with a placard that read ufficio editore . the editor 's secretary slice open the package . she remove its plastic-wrapp content . what be this ? she look inside the package again . no letter , no note . she shake the yellow envelope and something fall out -- 90 . a polaroid photo . she examine the Polaroid in one hand , then look at the plastic-wrapp object in the other ... ... and scream . ext . gail be apartment -- day gail getty open the front door to she apartment . once again , the street be teeming with reporter and paparazzi , all shouting for she attention . int . " IL messaggero " newspaper -- newsroom -- day we follow gail and chace through the newsroom , where the secretary 's desk have be tape off by the squadra mobile . del rovere signora , it would be entirely understandable if you feel you can not make the identification -- gail I have to see it . just show it to I . Del rovere nod to one of the uniform police . use a pair of tweezers , he pull back the plastic wrapping -- -- to reveal a small piece of flesh in the shape of a question mark . beside it a lock of auburn hair . the Polaroid lie face - down next to it . the policeman flip it over : it 's Paul . where he ear once be there be a fresh wound . gail inhale sharply and touch she ear . gail ( cont 'd ) that 's he . gail gaze at the Polaroid as the Police bundle the evidence . Il messaggero 's mustach editor appear at gail 's side . editor this must be a terrible strain . gail he 's alive . editor come , rest in my office , it 's quiet . int . editor' office -- " IL messaggero " newspaper -- day gail sit down on the sofa . chace hang back in the doorway . the Secretary place a cup of coffee and cake before she . gail thank you , but I be not hungry . gail look 91 . editor you must eat , ms getty . it will raise you spirit . around . there be several editor in the room . gail I just need a moment to myself . editor I be afraid time be of the essence . gail why ? do you know something ? photo editor we would like to publish it , Ms. getty . the photograph . of the ear . ( off she look ) it 's news . and we be a newspaper . the ear come to we . it frighten we secretary terribly . secretary it 's true . gail it 's my son 's ear . it 's he . our . editor we want to offer some compensation . gail I do not want to sell you picture of my son 's ear . editor you son be be hold for ransom . you claim not to have any money . we may be able to make a negotiation . chace how much money be you offer ? editor fifty thousand american dollar . gail it 's not enough . editor in the eye of the law , we own the photograph already . chace go to hell . 92 . editor va be . we will leave you alone now if you like . enjoy the coffee . the editorial staff file out . then : gail pay I in newspaper . ( off he look ) I want my son 's ear on the cover of you newspaper . editor we would not have it any other way . gail but I do not want money . I want a thousand copy of you newspaper . editor and where would you like this thousand newspaper send ? CUT to : a pallet of tabloid newspaper on every cover , the Polaroid image of the earless Paul getty . the pallet be raised on a forklift -- ext . sutton place -- front gate -- day -- and dropped in front of the iron gate . the forklift lumber off , leave the newspaper flutter in the wind . getty ( 0.s. ) there at the gate . what 's that ? the gate groan OPEN . bullimore the butler step outside . he pull a copy of the newspaper from the pile and blanch . getty stand on the front step of the house . bullimore dutifully fold the newspaper and bring it to he . getty ( cont 'd ) it 's Paul . what 's happen to he -- then he realize what he 's look at . getty stand unsteadily on the step . he hurl the newspaper away from he . it come apart in the wind . it become a swarm of paper , a swirl flock . they blow back upon he . getty swing he arm to bat they away , then cover he face lest they peck out he eye . 93. getty turn and walk back up the great step of he castle as the tabloid page swirl at he foot . bullimore remain on the step to clean up what getty have leave in he wake . int . barn -- day Paul getty lie on he cot , pale and motionless , as cinquanta cradle he bandage head . cinquanta ( v.o. ) Paul be die . he 's lose so much blood . int . gail be apartment -- night the tape recorder roll as gail lean against the wall of she kitchen with the phone in she hand . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) they want to take the foot and I convinced they to take the ear . but the foot be come next . I hear they talk . I beg you , get the money . gail tell we where you be . we will make a deal in exchange for you cooperation . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) ( laugh ) the police ? gail we can get you out of Italy . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) you do not understand . I can never talk to the police . it 's onore . it 's forbidden . even if this be my own child . gail ( 0.s. ) there must be something you can do . cinquanta what about you , signora ? I have risk my throat for you son . what have you give for he ? do not tell I you do not have the money . what have you do ? gail I -- the line go dead . 94 , int . phone booth -- town square -- night cinquanta hold the dead receiver . as he search the coin slot for change , he see a man in the square watch he . he hang up , walk out of the phone booth , and steal away . int . gail be apartment -- night gail place the receiver back in the cradle . then it ring . she pick it up again . hinge ( 0.s. ) Ms. getty ? this be oswald hinge in Los Angeles . I be sure you do not remember I . gail I have not forget a thing . int . getty oil company -- office -- day getty 's attorney sit overlook the smog of Los Angeles . hinge I be call on behalf of Mr. getty . not you former husband -- gail ( 0.s. ) the old one with the money . hinge ( 0.s. ) that 's the one . gail what can I do for you , Mr. hinge ? hinge ( 0.s. ) Mr. getty have decide to pay Paul 's ransom . int . gail be apartment -- day gail 's eye widen ; she have to take a breath . suddenly everything 's change . gail that 's -- thank you , Mr. hinge . hinge ( 0.s. ) thank he . I be but a messenger . gail I would if he would let I . 95 . hinge you will get you chance . we will need you to come to Los Angeles for discussion . gail 's euphoria fade ever so slightly . gail what be there to discuss ? ext . los angele -- overhead -- day gail gaze through the porthole window at the grid of dirty street that extend unto the horizon . stewardess ( 0.s. ) lady and gentlemen , we be now beginning we final descent . the plane touch down with that abrupt screech -- int . getty oil company , los angele -- day gail walk down a corridor , flanke by fletcher chace and Giovanni iacovoni , she attorney . we round a corner and enter -- int . board room -- day getty sit at the head of the table , as he do year before . he seem weaker follow he experience on the step of he mansion . to he leave sit oswald hinge , and to he right -- gail Paul ? -- sit gail 's ex-husband , John Paul ii . he be almost unrecognizable : gaunt , feeble , attend by a professional caregiver , a lose junkie in a borrow suit . gail ( cont 'd ) be that you , Paul ? her ex-husband utter a listless grunt . at the head of the table , the old man turn he lidd gaze to fletcher chace . getty Mr. chace -- ? chace walk to getty 's end of the table , where he take he place by he employer . gail be take aback , betrayed . getty ( cont 'd ) you will be happy to know there be some new development that will enable we to finally help we little Paul . gail I be glad to hear that . getty my tax attorney have discover that while ransom payment be not deductible under the tax code , I can write off the interest if I loan the ransom money to my son . gail you have discover that you can take my son 's kidnap as a tax deduction . ( cover ) I be glad . I be happy it work out financially for you . hinge I think we can all agree that the most important thing be get Paul home safely . and soon . gail soon , yes , as soon as we can , please . getty the loan document be ready , and the fund be ready to be transfer . gail Paul will be so grateful to he grandpa when he get home . he love you more than you know . getty and I love he . hinge there 's just the matter of the side letter . a lawyer slide a document across the table toward we . hinge ( cont 'd ) in exchange for Mr. getty 's make the loan , you agree to sign over full custody of all of you child , include Paul , to you ex-husband . gail sign over -- ? hinge there be no provision for visitation . ( more ) 96 . 97 . hinge ( cont 'd ) all parental rights reside with Mr. getty . gail turn to she ex-husband . gail be you part of this ? John Paul ii do not answer : he stare vacantly into space . gail ( cont 'd ) ( to iacovoni ) they can not do this , can they ? getty my legal team be the best there be . if it would not stand up in court they would not have write it . ( a beat ) take you time . sleep on it . have you attorney read it over . gail I do not have time to sleep on it . my child be be hold prisoner . getty there be that . gail I let you have the money back then . I do not ask for anything but my kid . you just can not bear to leave anything on the table , can you ? getty do not answer . chace gail -- gail give it to I . a attorney slide the document toward she , along with a ornate gold pen . there 's a blank line for she signature . she stare at the pen in she hand as if in a trance : gail ( cont 'd ) this be a beautiful pen . getty the best . and then , with a single stroke , gail sign she child away . 98 . int . getty oil company -- day gail make she way back to the elevator , trail by chace . chace gail , I swear I have no idea . gail call Inspector Del rovere . tell he to set up the cash exchange through cinquanta . chace I never dream he would pull this . gail step into the elevator . gail it 's time for you to do whatever it be he pay you to do . let 's hope you be half as good as everything else he 's buy . the door close and gail be go . int . beverly hill HOTEL room -- night gail and chace sit on the twin bed on either side of the phone , wait for it to ring . chace look , gail -- gail you do not need to explain . you do not work for I , or Paul . you work for getty . I guess I forget that . chace yeah . I forget it too . iacovoni ( 0.s. ) we have a problem . Giovanni iacovoni have set up a makeshift office at a table by the window . he rise and approach they , agitate . iacovoni ( cont 'd ) the contract you sign . the language of the document . it 's hide . ( a beat ) getty have agree to loan he son the ransom up to the amount that be tax deductible . 99 . gail no . the phone start ringing . iacovoni so I investigate . under US tax code , only the first million be deductible . that 's all they wire to we . gail what be the ransom down to ? chace four . down from seventeen . gail we do not have four . we have one . a series of click as , back in Rome , the italian Police set up the phone connection : squadra mobile ( 0.s. ) momento per favore . then cinquanta come on the line : cinquanta ( 0.s. ) meno male . it 's almost over . gail what be Paul 's condition ? cinquanta ( 0.s. ) he 's not so good , but we can keep he alive a few day , long enough to make the exchange . gail we may not have all of it . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) all of what ? gail we only have a million . int . phone booth , reggio , calabria -- intercut -- night cinquanta the number be four . chace ( 0.s. ) one be the new number . 100 . cinquanta one be one quarter of the ransom . for this they will send one - quarter of you son . tell I , which quarter do you want ? cinquanta pound on the phone with he fist in frustration . cinquanta ( cont 'd ) you greedy animali . you be the worst criminal of all . chace I guess that make you the victim , right ? tell I , do you hold the kid down so they could cut off he ear ? cinquanta I do , yes . ( a beat ) listen to I . I be out now . I do not have any money to make from this anymore . but I do not want Paul to die . you have to go back and get getty to pay -- gail he can only pay for what he have not get . it 's he sickness . he have to get something for he money and I have nothing leave to give . cinquanta I be begging you , signora . gail you be begging I ? cinquanta I do not want it to end like this . they expect the money in 48 hour . they will not believe you when you say you do not have it . if they do not get every lira they will kill he . gail you have to get I some time here . I be fight a empire . cinquanta you think you be the only one . cinquanta hang up the phone and vanish into the dark . 101 . ext . pacific coast highway -- malibu -- night chace drive along the wind highway . gail sit in the passenger seat , gaze at the churn sea outside she window . chace this be it . he 's building some sort of mansion out here on the ocean . chace pull into a gated drive . they step out of the car and approach the gate . gail press the buzzer by the gate . gail I need to speak to he . she buzze again and get no reply . chace we can not stay here . they will call the police . gail let they . chace we have the million . gail for a million they will kill he . they will not believe I when I say I do not have the rest of the money . nobody believe I . chace there be never any guarantee . gail do not do that . it will not make it any easier when the time come . chace we know what we be up against . gail then why . any of this . chace for I ? a chance to ingratiate myself with the old man , so I could make myself into a cheap imitation of what he be . for you , I do not know . gail a reason to live . 102 . chace the money would have buy a chance , maybe a window of opportunity to grab he . maybe not even that . gail the money , the money . I can not bear to hear about the money anymore . she lean she head against the iron bar , she back to he . gail ( cont 'd ) this thing that 's make beggar of we , rat in a maze , grub out we life for -- what ? ink in some ledger . we will kill and die for it , and none of it be real . chace reach out he hand to touch she . but then she turn . gail ( cont 'd ) everybody think I have the money . nobody believe I when I say I do not . why be I argue with they ? chace do not understand . gail ( cont 'd ) everybody think I have the money . the newspaper , the kidnapper -- they all think I be rich . do you know what they call that ? ( a beat ) credit . ( a beat ) we announce that I have the ransom money . all four million . we make the exchange . you get you window . chace what happen when they find out the money 's not all there ? gail by that time , we either have Paul or we do not . chace now you be think like a getty . police car pull up on Pacific Coast highway behind they . gail the cop do come run when you be a billionaire . 103 . malibu police officer ( 0.s. ) you be trespasp on getty property . gail we be just leave , officer . we do not need he anymore . int . beverly hill hilton HOTEL -- corridor -- day she wear gail getty apply lipstick in a compact mirror . a designer dress , makeup , jewelry : she look like Grace Kelly . gail I be save the receipt so I can return it all to dior tomorrow . iacovoni pit bella . in all my life have never see a woman so lovely . this be not the effect she be after . chace you look rich . beautifully rich . gail that 's more like it . int . beverly hill HOTEL -- pool terrace -- day gail step onto the terrace , where two dozen reporter and photographer await . she step before the microphone . gail follow a long and difficult negotiation with my son 's kidnapper -- int . getty mansion -- day in he sun-streamed live room , J Paul getty watch television as bullimore hover nearby . gail ( 0.s . ) -- I have decide to meet they demand and pay the ransom in full . getty 's eye widen . getty " I " have decide to pay ? this ? in full ? what be getty turn around in he chair . getty ( cont 'd ) get I fletcher chace . 104 . ext . pacific coast highway -- day traffic . fletcher chace swelter in he rent car . he check the gas gauge -- the needle 's bob on " E " . there 's a gas station up ahead . the car be line up seven - deep at the pump . chace pull into the gas line and wait . a gas-station attendant walk outside with a placard . driver climb out of they car and start jeering at the attendant . curious , chace climb out and watch as the attendant place the sign on the pump : no gas . chace smile ruefully . chace priceless . he climb back in and pull back onto the highway . ext . pacific coast highway -- day the car have stall out by the roadside . chace fold he sportcoat over he arm and put out a thumb to hitch a ride . ext . getty estate -- front gate -- day a gardener 's old pickup truck pull up and chace climb out . chace gracias , sefior . muchas ! the pickup truck drive away . the great gate open before we . chace walk up the deeply sloping driveway , he shirt damp with sweat . finally , he reach the crest of the hill -- -- and stop . chace ( cont 'd ) I will be damned . ext . getty villa , malibu -- day here , on this hill , J Paul getty supervise the construction of a precise replica of hadrian 's villa , complete with reflect pool and Roman statuary . getty chace . you be look damp . what happen to you ? chace car-pool . getty it will never catch on . 105 . chace stand marvel at the sprawling villa . getty ( cont 'd ) it 's a exact replica of my Imperial villa , down to the last detail , but with flush toilet . the mountain may not have come to Mohammed , but it sure as hell come to I . getty 's Secretary approach . secretary West Texas intermediate , sir . getty glance at the ticker tape . chace what do it feel like , read that slip of paper ? getty vertigo . for a moment , money lose all meaning and become as plentiful as air . like ... flight . but then it pass . getty fold the paper and slip it into he pocket . getty ( cont 'd ) what 's all this I see on tv with gail ? pay the ransom in full ? we both know she do not have it . chace the lady 's make other arrangement . getty she do not have the money . what 's go on ? come on , where would she get it ? be she fuck somebody ? chace stare at the old man . chace I think I be finally beginning to understand what make you tick . getty you could not begin to . now spill it . what 's go on ? what 's she game ? chace begin to walk away . 106 . getty ( cont 'd ) do not forget , chace . I have a contract . and I will enforce it . chace I do not think so . getty why not ? chace because whatever personal security you presently enjoy come from I . that alsatian limping around the pool ? my people train they . you security system ? my people install it . you bodyguard ? uh-huh . you be protect from every threat imaginable , unless that threat happen to be I . getty I suppose this be you way of submit you resignation . chace " Men of risk . " be not that what you call we ? " I risk my money , you risk you life . " ( laugh ) you and I -- we never risk a thing in we life . we never take the chance ordinary people take . that 's why we be what we be now . chace turn to go . getty grab he arm . getty that child be my blood , chace . they be mine . and she take they . I be leave with nothing . the old man' eye brim with tear . chace stare at he , and beyond he , at the palace fill with treasure . chace now you know . chace walk away , down the hill , leave getty behind . as he walk through the great iron gate , a cool spray from the Pacific shimmer through the tree . chace walk down to the end of the driveway , put on he sunglass , and hold out he thumb to hitch a ride . 107 . ext . rome street -- overhead -- day we fly over the same street of Rome where the movie begin . int . rome fiumicino airport -- boarding gate -- day chace emerge from the terminal . iacovoni be wait there for he ; he fall into step beside chace as they exit . iacovoni the money come through . we be on the phone , and my secretary begin to shout the bank wire come through . ( a beat ) it be the full ransom . $ 3.3 million at today 's exchange rate . $ 1.6 billion in lira . chace miss a step , surprised . iacovoni ( cont 'd ) what do you say to he ? chace I could not even tell you . int . banco commerciale DI roma -- montage -- day nearly a dozen female bank employees count out and bundle huge pile of lira note at a great count table . cinquanta ( v.o. ) the money must be in use lira note , small denomination only , no mark . a photocopier flash as each note be photograph . the money be a 201 - pound mountain . it be pack into three huge canvas mail bag and load onto a roll pallet . ext . rome street -- morning the street of Rome be completely , eerily empty . no car . cinquanta ( v.o. ) because of the fuel crisis ration measure , no car will be allow on the road on Sunday . chace fill up a 10 - liter can of gasoline at a gas station . he count out a stack of lira note for the owner . cinquanta ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this way the autostrada will be empty . they will know if gail be follow . 108 . chace I will make the exchange on my own . int . gail be apartment -- day chace be on the phone , with gail , Del rovere , corvo , and a surveillance officer in the bg . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) signora getty only . chace she 's not go . gail I can do it . I be do it . del rovere signora , be reasonable . ext . gail be apartment -- morning with dozen of paparazzi outside she building , gail ascend the stairwell to the rooftop , cross to another building , and descend to a car at street level on a adjacent block . chace ( v.o. ) she will be in a car with million of dollar . the whole world know what she look like . she could be rob on the highway . cinquanta ( v.o. ) that 's you problem . chace ( v.o. ) then we both go . non-negotiable . ext . rome autostrada -- toll gate -- day gail drive , with chace in the passenger seat . the trunk of the vehicle be weigh down by the money . cinquanta ( v.o. ) driving a fiat 123 with two suitcase tie to the roof , exit the autostrada toll gate at 9 am and drive south at exactly 80 kilometer a hour . they car slowly make its way on the vast , empty autostrada . cinquanta ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) do not stop for food , gas , toilet , nothing . remember they be watch . 109 . as they drive they glimpse isolate figure stand at the edge of the highway : sentries post by the n'dragheta . cinquanta ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a handful of gravel will strike you windshield . this will be they sign . they enter the mountain ; a fog shroud everything . cinquanta ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) obey this rule or they will take he other ear , he eye , a hand . a fistful of gravel pepper they windshield . chace crane he neck to see who throw it and glimpsis a figure by the roadside darting back into the tree . gail pull over . the highway be empty . it 's unclear what they should do next . then gail see he : a young boy stand by the roadside , shadow in the mist a hundred yard away . gail run toward he ... gail Paul -- ! ...- but then she slow . the boy be not Paul . it 's a 12 - year - old mafia wannabe smoking a cigarette , wait . a messenger . roadside kid lasciare i soldi . leave the money . drive on to the gas station and wait for we call while we count it . the kid turn and vanish into the forest . CUT to : the bag of money by the side of the road . as chace drive away we glimpse the shadow of man emerge from the forest -- -- then CUT to a aerial view of the scene as view from a police surveillance airplane high above . in a instant , the mail bag be whisk away into the forest . ext . agip gas station -- day close . a cardboard sign on the pump read " niente benzina -- no gas . " gail pull up in front of a batter pay phone . int . counting room -- day the mail bag be unzip . the brick of lira be break down and count by hand , all under saverio mammoliti 's eye. 110 . we recognize the woman from mammoliti 's factory among they . int . delivery truck -- day Paul getty ride in back , along with cinquanta and sgro . he be dress in brand - new clothes . cinquanta brushes he off . cinquanta that 's better . you can not go home to you mother look like a sciattone . sgro I still say we should have cut he tongue out , just to be safe . the truck stop . cinquanta pull a ski mask over the boy 's head backwards , so as to blindfold he . sgro ( cont 'd ) walk twenty pace , then stop and wait . we be watch . take the mask off and we will kill you . ext . autostrada -- drain pipe -- day the truck 's rear door open next to a concrete drain pipe . as cinquanta help Paul out of the truck he whisper : cinquanta bona fortuna , paolo . paul you too . the boy start walk blindly along the highway . the door close and the truck drive away , leave Paul behind . ext . agip gas station -- day the phone ring . gail pick up . chace start the car . cinquanta ( 0.s. ) Three kilometer down the autostrada be a drain pipe . Paul wait there for you . get he out of Italy as fast as you can , I beg you . ext . autostrada -- drain pipe -- day the truck be go . Paul wait a moment , then pull off the mask . there 's no one around . there 's a town in the distance . aerial view : carabineri police car have begin to converge on the scene from nearby village . search team with dog comb the forest . the be encircle the area . 111 . int . counting room -- evening the money be stack , bundle , zipped into the mailbag , and load onto a truck . saverio mammoliti hand out envelope of cash to each of he employee , include cinquanta . cinquanta grazie , signore . in the distance , we hear dog barking . mammoliti stop : mammoliti cane. molti. polizia . tradimento . mammoliti climb into he wait mercede . to he man : mammoliti ( cont 'd ) tornare indietro e prendere il ragazzo. ( subtitle ) go back and get the boy . ext . autostrada -- drain pipe -- evening the boy be go . gail be still , silent , frighten . chace footprint . gail he 's not here , chace . chace they make the drop . chace frantically search the snow on the hillside . chace ( cont 'd ) Paul 's a smart kid . what would you do ? you would not wait here for they to change they mind . then he find it , toss into the drain pipe : the ski mask . chace ( cont 'd ) he run . chace look down the highway , until he see it on a nearby hilltop : the medieval - look village of lagonegro . CUT to : int . getty mansion -- master bedroom -- night J Paul getty wake from he slumber with a start . 112. getty who 's there ? getty be in a bedroom decorate in the ancient Roman style . a great log fire burn in the fireplace . getty sit up in bed ; the room be unfamiliar to he . there 's a strangeness to he surroundings , as if the old man have come unmoore , " 2001 " - like , in time . one side of getty 's face have go completely slack : he 's obviously suffer a stroke in the night . he step into he slipper and shuffles along the marble floor in he pajamas -- int . getty mansion -- night -- into a granite corridor people by stone figure from another age . he have no idea where he be . CUT to : paul getty as he run into the eerie , cobblestone village of lagonegro . we can hear the dog barking in the distance : the police cordon have encircle the village and be draw closer . int . barber shop -- evening Paul wander into the shop , he head cover in bandage . paul please let I in . rifugio , prego . they be after I . the barber slowly push Paul backwards , out of he shop . barber non posso coinvolto . I can not get involved . paul my name be Paul getty . I be kidnap . barber I know who you be . the barber lock the front door and pull down the blind . the n'dragheta stalk through the street in they black suit , four abreast . cinquanta trail along . the villager avoid eye contact . gail getty 113 . hurry through twilight street , call Paul 's name . gail scusi . have you see a teenage boy , curly hair , american -- the villager turn away from she and hurry into they home . paul getty knock on front door , one after another . the people inside draw they curtain shut . paul rifugio , prego ! let I in , please ! fletcher chace walk on the opposite side of the square from gail , casting quick glance down hushed , narrow alleyway . he make eye contact with one of the n'dragheta . a look pass between they . chace hurry on . he dare not call out Paul 's name . he pat himself down , search for a gun that be not there . he kick a loose cobblestone and pick it up . the carabineri move through the street , conduct a house - to-house search . paul getty round a corner , glimpsis the carabineri , and back away fearfully . he duck down a narrow street . chace ( 0.s. ) Paul . Paul turn : fletcher chace stand at the end of the street . chace ( cont 'd ) I be here to take you home . at that moment , Paul be grab from behind by the n'dragheta . the n'dragheta drag he backwards , round the corner -- -- and there 's a thud of skull on stone . the n'dragheta go down , and we reveal cinquanta stand behind he , have strike he with a cobblestone . chace step forward and bring he own stone down on the n'dragheta . they kick he until he stop move . they stand together over the body . chace look at cinquanta . 114 . chace ( cont 'd ) it 's you . cinquanta what be you look at ? go. chace drop he stone , turn , and see gail in the alley : she 's witness everything . she grab Paul by the arm and hurry he to they car . chace start the fiat -- -- and they drive away , out of the village . already , the carabineri be apprehend the n'dragheta . a carabineri see chace 's car come and call out : carabineri arresto ! attenzione ! but he blow right by . the car descend the mountain and vanish into the mist of the valley and beyond , to Rome . int . getty mansion -- night getty wander the hall of he mansion , he gait unsteady . marble emperor gaze down at he with they lightless eye . getty shuffles on , until he find he prize painting -- albrecht diirer 's " madonna and child in a window . " he reach and take it from the wall -- -- and the silent alarm go off . the door at either end of the hallway slam shut , and the power cut out . darkness . the corridor be illuminate by the flame from the fireplace . the shadow of dead emperor dance along the wall . ext . fiat 123 -- autostrada -- night the fiat make its way back to Rome along the serpentine highway , its headlight blaze . chace drive ; gail and Paul sit in the back seat , silent and apart , still recover from what they have just endure . we see the light of Rome in the distance . but then we realize that the light be from tv camera . the italian press have pay off the people at the toll gate . they have form a gauntlet of tv and still camera to force the car to stop so they can get a photograph of Paul . instead , chace hit the gas and blow through the toll gate . the paparazzi be force to scramble and chase they . 115 . int . getty mansion -- night getty sit down before the fire . for the first time we get a good look at the painting : a mother and she child . a golden crown float suspend above the mother 's head . paul ( v.o. ) a getty be special . a tear roll down getty 's melt cheek . the painting fall from he hand and clatter to the floor . int . fiat 123 -- autostrada -- night as the coliseum of Rome come into view , Paul break down . gail reach for he and the boy crumble into she arm . paul ( v.o. ) a getty have a destiny . the paparazzi on they scooter catch up with the car . chace look into the rearview mirror : for the first and only time in the movie , gail be in tear . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we be not like you . chace flip the mirror down , give gail and Paul they solitude , then put the pedal down and leave the reporter in the dust . paul ( cont 'd ) but we be once . ext . questura policia DI stato ( police headquarters ) -- night Paul , gail and chace ascend the step of the questura , surround by clamoring reporter . paul ( v.o. ) but I have a idea that maybe we could be again , I and my dad and my grandfather , if only we could get back to we own world where the force of gravity be not so strong . we could be together , like we use to . int . gail be apartment -- paul be room -- night a squadra mobile officer reach under Paul 's bed and find a young boy 's suitcase . he zip it open -- paul ( v.o . ) it be just a idea I have , a joke I tell my friend : what if we give it all away ? 116 . -- and inside be hundred of letter , all address to J Paul getty and plead for money . Paul save they all , rather than send they getty 's response . int . questura policia -- interrogation room -- night Paul make he official testimony to Del rovere . paul ( v.o. ) I guess somebody must have overhear I . and once it be out there I could not stop it . it be not a plan or anything . it be just a wish . a stupid kid 's dream . now I know nothing like that could never happen . I be not a kid anymore . and with that , the tape recorder stop . black out fade in : int . getty oil company , los angele -- day gail wait in the lobby of getty oil . secretary ( 0.s. ) ma'am ? they will see you now . int . board room -- day gail enter the same board room . oswald hinge and the other attorney be there ; they all rise , smile as gail enter . the only empty chair be that of J Paul getty himself . hinge ms getty , we offer we sincerest condolence . gail for what ? she look at the empty chair . gail ( cont 'd ) oh . you be very thoughtful . hinge please , sit . Mr getty 's death have create a bit of a crisis here . you see , Mr. getty never groom a successor . or rather he try to -- 117 . gail but he destroy they all . ( off he look ) I do not think he plan on die . he think that be negotiable , too . hinge yes , well . as a result , the getty estate have become a family fortune in search of a family . tax attorney you see , the estate be structure as a charitable family trust . gail do he ever give any money to charity ? hinge no . the trust enable Mr. getty to build he fortune without pay tax . the problem be , the trust have rule . it throw off interest . the interest must be spend . it 's a staggering amount of money . gail what do you want from I ? hinge how do I put this . the King be dead , and the throne be vacant . someone have to take he place . gail that money destroy my family . hinge so you do not want it . we hold on gail . then : gail no . give it to I . the other attorney slide a stack of document toward she . atop the stack be the beautiful gold fountain pen that she use to sign she child away . she twist off the cap . the nib be as sharp as a knife . she set it down and sign on the dot line . ext . getty villa , malibu -- day the iron gate open before we , and a crowd enter the grounds . they wear sneaker , jeans , t-shirt . 118 . they snap picture with instamatic camera and carry can of soda . fletcher chace be among they , he suit freshly press . int . getty villa -- MAIN office lobby -- day chace sit in a lobby chair , wait for he appointment . CUT to : gail signature scroll across the signature line of a bank check . she sit at getty 's old Louis xiv desk , she bear modest but somehow regal : she have become getty , after she own fashion . she tear the check from the register and offer it to chace . chace I can not accept this . gail it 's not enough . take it . ext . getty villa , malibu -- day they walk together , a bit awkwardly , on the main terrace , where they pass a row of marble bust of Roman emperor . the last bust in line be that of getty himself . they pass a docent lead a tour group : docent J Paul getty believe deeply in the power of art to make we aware of we share humanity , and that this legacy belong to every man and woman , rich or poor . it be he philanthropic vision that make this museum possible . gail and chace exchange a look . chace who write that ? gail I do . but let 's keep that to ourselves . ( a beat ) we hope you will be stay on , Mr. chace , but we be a public foundation now , and the position do not pay what it do . and I know you have other ambition . but still . 119 . chace guy like I do not get rich . I have realize that . we get sidetracked too easily . gail shame . chace not really . a moment . she struggle to find the right word . gail I think of you as we family . chace it 's kind of you to say so , mar 'am . they pass a tiny sculpture on a platform : the minotaur . chace do not even notice it . chace ( cont 'd ) there be a couple thing around the grounds I be meaning to see to . gail of course . do not let I keep you . chace leave gail on the terrace . as she watch chace go , she son Paul join she , he hair grow long now . int . kitchen -- day chace use a butcher 's knife to cut a strip of meat from a steak . he cut the strip into cube . ext . getty villa -- day chace open a cage and one of getty 's alsatian limp out . chace feed the dog the steak , knead its fur , whisper in its ear . he clip a chain leash to the dog 's choke collar . ext . getty villa -- entrance -- day chace walk the dog to the open front gate . he grip the dog 's chain in he clench fist . they stand there at the gate as the outsider stream past , the dog barking its insistent warning to any and all who would dare come to do this family harm . black out .