all you need be kill screenplay by D W harper base on the novel " all you need be kill " by hiroshi sakurazaka first draft 4/1/2010 Dante W harper 1938 North Alexandria Los Angeles , CA 90065 wgaw registration 1422314 int . UNITED defense force dropship - in flight - STORM SOUND : someone breathe , gasping for breath they be so afraid . and the high - pitched whine of ramjet labor against heavy side - wind as we struggle to focus on - - OPEN ocean . churning , whipping past at a couple hundred mile a hour , 800 foot below a soldier' dangling boot . cage ( v.o. ) what be I do here ? pvt . billy cage be maybe 20 . too young for this . cold sweat trickle into he eye . when he try to wipe it away , he armore finger clack against clear acrylic . his faceplate . cage be wear a exojacket : power , tight - fitting body armor , bristle with weaponry . two dozen other young , terrify soldier hang with he , also jackete , dangle over the OPEN BAY door , over ocean . cage tap a button . his faceplate open , noise flood in at a deafening roar . he rub he eye - yonaburu do not poke yer eye out , bud . pvt . yonaburu , a hard - ass fuckup with asian feature but a Southern drawl - cage 's battle - buddy - smile . sgt . farell get you plate shut , private ! from up front , battle -scarred sgt . farell shoot they a look . across from cage , griff , 25 , a burly - look bad -ass , keep make a about- to- vomit face , barely fight back the urge . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) private griff ! do not puke . griff yes sir ! griff 's face twitches again . a female soldier , nance , grin . nance you spit up in yer jacket , you be in for a world a ' shit . ford , a jarhead dickweed proper , laugh , miss a few tooth . now oil from cage 's jackete finger streak he face . the faceplate suck shut . floating head - up readout flicker up - yonaburu you ok there , buddy ? cage ( tremble ) yeah . yonaburu we be gonna be fine . I get we life insurance . Mrs. Smith . yonaburu tap " mrs . smith " , a antiquated smith & wesson - 357 , against he faceplate and slip it in he exojacket 's utility belt . cage do not look too reassure . sgt . farell ... ready for drop ... holding ... beneath there feet dozen of other fb90 dropship streak by ; squarish , clumsy - look , like fly brick , which be what everyone call they . artillery FIRE strafe back and forth as - a dropship take a hit and be go . far below , a beach come into view , a red square superimpose on the head - up - the drop point . cage shut he eye . cage oh God oh God oh God - sgt . farell go ! go ! go ! the first soldier hit a release and fall , tumble . then another . then another . yonaburu give cage the thumb up and - yonaburu wooohoooo ! yonaburu hit he release and - from beneath the dropship - soldier litter out , tumble like live ordinance . you would think parachute might open ... but they do not . back in the drop ship sgt . farell drop ! drop , you baby ! cage can't do it . several other can not , either . one soldier dangle by a jackete hand like a kitten go to the vet . sgt. farell kick the hand free and jump himself - radio ( screeching ) ..- taking FIRE up here , we gotta ... kerwham ! the dropship be struck - twice . one of the hang soldier be torn in half , the piece fly . flame belch through the dropbay and the ship lurch - cage scream , hit he release and - tumble out of the dropship the dropship above , in flame , burning soldier fall , other cling on as it spin out of control . cage fall , scream , he head - up flash red , the ground rushing up - ext . beachhead - battle of ruby tuesday - whump ! thump ! fhump ! soldier hit the beach , hard enough to leave crater in the wet sand . and here come cage , scream , flailing , kicking - at the last second he jacket go into autoland ; tiny jets cushion the fall just enough to not break any bone and ... wham ! two second of ear-ring silence . a gasp as cage 's lung refill , he stagger up , wet sand fall from he faceplate , he head - up highlight terrain and friendlies - three other soldier stagger up out of they own crater . happy soldier we made it ! the happy soldier smile at cage , and -— 12 ton of flaming dropship land on the happy soldier . cage be thrown back from the impact , landing in two foot of surf . struggle back up , he see - the broken dropship spewing flame , another soldier stick half - under the ship , flailing as he die . cage stare in shock . yonaburu cage ! you in one piece ? cage I , uh , yeah - the ship , the ship ... yonaburu come on ! cage turn , see yonaburu with a floating blue head - up flag superimpose above he . cage blindly run after he as - up the beach tens of thousand of other jacketed infantry stream to they meetpoint , thick as ant , artillery strafing past they as - in the sky more dropship than we can count and fast - move strikejets beyond they streak in loose formation into the horizon and - out to sea massive carrier lob heavy ordinance into the already blast coastline , piece of sea-cliff explode . half a million soldier be landing today in what can only be - humanity's last , best stand ... ruby tuesday . it look like D - Day meet armageddon . sgt . farell ( on radio ) assemble at the trench ! cage and yonaburu clumsily run to join they company . it 's hard to even walk in a exojacket if you be not practice in it , and they be not . on there head - ups : they two blue dot get closer to the cluster of other blue dot as the first enemy FIRE start streaking in , tearing up the beach . thap ! thap ! cage jump , yonaburu too -— - both land badly , scramble up , catch a first glimpse of thousand of enemy infantry stream down the cliff but - cage and yonaburu tumble into the trench falling in with the other terrify soldier , sgt . farell scream to tac - com about where 's he fuck air support . cage have two second to get he bearing before - on cage' head - up a red dot approach the blue dot of he company . then a few more red dot ... cage this be not how it 's suppose to be . this be not ... first division be suppose to clean this up - sgt . farell lock and load ! cage watch in mount horror as the head - up show four more pair . and then 20 . and then ... a wall of red . cage we be all gonna die . yonaburu shut the fuck up ! sgt . farell hold ... holding ... even the sergeant can not hide he fear . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) light ' em up ! as the first soldier out of the trench jump up , a projectile hit he , knock he at cage' feet -— the projectile in the soldier 's chest be not of human origin . it 's streak with silver , biomechanical , wriggling . a mimic " javelin " . and from where the thing fly - the on -rushing mimic horde . at first , you could mistake they for human infantry , but they be not . they be alien killing machine . they be armore , sharp , and bristling with unidentifiable weaponry that seem to grow out of they body , like a nightmare version of the jackete soldier they be evolve to kill . part be metal , part glistening biomass . mimic have no individuality , no emotion , purpose or existence other than the vicious removal of human life . soldier incoming ! the soldier FIRE into the racing Mass . they might as well be fire bb-gun at a oncoming BUFFALO stampede . another soldier , down the line , take two javelin hit . his jacket start shaking , jitterbugging off he brainstem 's death - throes , he autocannon firing wildly - mimic javelin sweep the trench where cage and yonaburu try to aim - thup thup thup ! sgt . farell ( radio ) checkpoint two ! move move move ! Soldiers start running . but cage be frozen to the spot , tremble , unable to move . yonaburu slide down beside he - yonaburu come on , cage ! we gotta -— - blam ! a section of trench collapse . the hail of sand and smoke clear just in time to see the rest of 3rd platoon hauling ass up the beach . on cage' head -— up , the little blue dot of they team head offscreen . cage and yonaburu be totally CUT off . yonaburu ( cont 'd ) shit ! shit ! yonaburu slide into fire position - target number system on overload - yonaburu ( cont 'd ) Jesus , here it come . cage lift he weapon , shaking , try to pick a target . it 's useless . in two second , they be gonna be dead meat . cage oh god oh god oh god - a squelchy radio screech - chief breeder ( radio ) ... valkyrie one , this be chief breeder . strikejets got a lock ... young woman' voice ( radio ) then lay ' em down , c.b. chief breeder yes , ma'am ! sleek u.d.f. strikejets , four of they , streak in low . mimic volley javelin as the sleek aircraft swing in for bombing - one strikejet take a hit and tumble , flaming , the pilot scream as he spin , plowing into the mimic front line ... .-. but then the other strikejets deliver they payload . kathoom ! a wall of flame go up , the ground shaking from the impact . smoking , twitching fragment of mimic rain down - young woman' voice ( radio ) clear for close engagement . wham ! wham ! wham ! three big , jacketed soldier land , smoothly rolling into 3 - point fight position . this be dog company . dog company soldier be different . they exojacket be blacken , dent , trick out with graffiti , decal from the country they have fight in . they grim face be scar . not a one of they stand under 6 '4 " . young woman' voice ( radio ) ( cont 'd ) eat ‘em up , boy . the dog ' massive shoulder rocket OPEN FIRE , 20 mm , 50 mm cannon nail mimic right and leave - yonaburu Holy shit ! cage' eye go wide and the world goe slow as - sergeant -major rita vrataski aka " valkyrie one " , aka " the full metal bitch " , leap , fly right over cage and yonaburu's head - her sleek exojacket be paint blood red . it 's bare of weaponry except for - she tungsten carbide battle axe . almost comically huge , nearly as big and certainly as heavy as she be . good for one thing : bisecting mimic . the axe swing and four mimic be convert to eight twitching heap . she roll into a perfect battle stance . her face ; beautiful , battle -ready , and deadly calm - rita take I to you leader . - and with a collective yell , the rest of dog company follow she straight into the mimic front line . yonaburu jump up - yonaburu it 's rita ! the full metal bitch ! come on , man , we gotta - but cage be run across the sand . deserting . yonaburu ( cont 'd ) cage ! worse yet , two mimic runners have detach and give chase . yonaburu fire , take one down , but the other be close in - he look back , to where rita and the dog mercilessly engage the mimic in a ballet of precision fight . he would join , but - yonaburu ( cont 'd ) fuck . yonaburu take off after cage as - - cage blindly haul ass for the sea cliff , scramble up a rocky bluff . yonaburu catch up - yonaburu ( cont 'd ) we have to get back to the unit ! - and grab cage 's leg . cage kick , flailing - cage we will not make it ! they be all dead ! yonaburu they shoot deserter ! cage I do not care ! let I go ! cage crawl , dragging yonaburu to the crest of the cliff . yonaburu cage , I 'm not letting you - yonaburu stand , heaving back on cage' leg , and -— shup ! half of yonaburu's head disappear in a shatter of red , the break shell of he faceplate smoking . cage yonaburu ! yonaburu 's jacket twitches , shudder , go limp - and fall . cage ( cont 'd ) no ! cage try to stand , but yonaburu 's hand be still grip he ankle . he twist , scramble up - cage sees what shot yonaburu . the cliff 's crest be a nest of mimic scout . seven of they . only a little less surprised than cage . before he know what he 's do , he 's get target - lock . cage fire blindly , the shock of he forearm cannon spinning he around in a arc - taktaktaktaktak ! several mimic go down , cage fall on he ass , just miss the swing of blade mimic arm - - and he 's still firing , into mimic legs , whipping they down to the ground . no one have ever fight worse - or be as lucky - as cage at this moment . in 2.3 second , six dead mimic lie twitching around he . cage scoot back , see - - the last mimic on the rise , get ready to FIRE . he shoot it . but with a chitter , buz noise , a freshly birthed javelin erupt from its die body like a 400 mph tumor and hit cage 's side . cage fire again , just as - - a second javelin hit he faceplate , it shatter , the world spin , arc and cage go down , blacking out - ext . battlefield - hour later the late -afternoon SUN streak through torn cloud . smoke rise from the scorched earth and body of man , alien , and machine litter the terrain for mile . a landscape of hell . cage cough , open he eye . he 's lie on he back , rain drizzle on he unprotect face , he blood mixing in the puddle beside he . yonaburu's body and the dead mimic scout be scattered around . a live mimic be nearby , scavenge through the dead , eat bit of other fall mimic . it have not notice cage , until - clicking and whirring , yonaburu's exojacket go into power - down , release he like a insect 's carapace . his dead , naked - except-for-underwear body slop into the mud and blood . the eater of the dead look up . interested . another mimic stand behind it . oh fuck . here they come . cage struggle to lift he 20 mm , click . click . nothing . the mimic run this way . click . click . cage scream - - shup ! the mimic 's body be torn in half - a flash of red exojacket as the second be CUT down . we barely see it happen . just piece of mimic fall , and in two second it 's over . cage blink up at ... rita vrataski . 10. her crimson exojacket shine in the afternoon sun . her gore - spatter faceplate hover over cage , then retract as she grab a canteen from she utility belt . rita may be the great warrior on the planet , but she can not be more than 23 year old . and she 's beautiful . Storm cloud part , blue sky beyond , but rain still drizzle . she drink , look up at the sky . rita when I grow up in Pennsylvania , they have a name for this . cage for ... what ? rita for when it 's raining , but the sun be shine . rita lift cage 's head , give he some water . rita ( cont 'd ) they say it be because the devil be beat he wife . ( beat ) who come up with this crap ? cage tremble , cough , blood sputter out . cage be I ... gonna make it ? rita no . I do not think so . but I will stay with you until you die . cage you do not have to ... thank you , I - rita I need you battery . it 's fresh . look like you hardly use it . this sink in . cage ( bitterly ) take it . rita you sure about that ? 11 . cage I do not deserve it . rita gently push cage over , unhook something on he back . cage grimace in pain . he shiver , bloody , cry . cage ( cont 'd ) I ... I do not want to die . rita look at he , a trace of painful softness in she face . rita dying 's not that bad , once you get use to it . distant explosion , move closer . rita grab she axe , she jacket whining up to full power , she radio crackle to life . rita ( cont 'd ) I have to go . good luck , soldier . cage fuck ... off ... rita smile , then head off to the cliff edge , surveying the armageddon in progress far below . cage 's jacket go into power - down , unhook from he body . with the last of he strength , he crawl to yonaburu 's side . cage ( cont 'd ) ( delirious ) yonaburu ... I be sorry ... I ... yonaburu 's one intact eye stare at he , blind and dead . splish . splash . cage freeze . a mimic foot quietly step into the mud by cage 's head . it 's stand right over he . this one be odd , its armor plate and vesicle diffract light in a oily rainbow of color . it leans in close , scanning he . cage trembles , helpless . the thing 's face be a horrible maw - up close , it 's no more a functional face than a black widow spider 's hourglass be a functional timepiece . a decorative warning to human prey . detect no threat from cage , the mimic shift focus to - - rita's back . she 's 20 yard away , too distract by the battle to notice , as - 12 . the mimic begin to vibrate , tiny black tendril exude from every crevice of its armor , wave in the breeze . a fresh javelin form in the center of its body , whirring ... and that 's when cage see mrs . smith , yonaburu 's antique smith & wesson , glinting in the mud - cage grab the pistol , aim right up into the belly of the mimic , shut he eye and squeezy the trigger - blam ! now a mimic could usually take a .357 slug and shrug it off , but cage get it right between the plate . with a hellish squeal , the mimic stagger , the develop javelin misfire , tearing a hunk of the mimic 's body with it - - cage fire again . and again . innard spill - silver-black tendril like melt plastic , crackling with electrical charge , drizzle onto cage' body , at 600 degree . cage scream as it burn into he . there be probably worse death , but this one rank way up there . it 's horrible - - cage 's death-scream scale register , the sound go flat and weird , squelching out like a bad radio signal as - - the image shudder , falling apart , winking out like a old tube tv , a high pitch whine , a buzz and - int . c- company barracks - monday morning - cage sit up , scream , slapping at he chest like he 's try to put out a fire . cage aigh ! help ! get it off I ! he roll off he bunk , falling to the floor , tearing at he undershirt , revealing - he skin , perfectly intact , beneath . yonaburu what the fuck be wrong with you ? yonaburu sit in he undershirt , clean mrs . smith , stare at cage like he 's crazy . cage I be ... it be ... you be ... cage stare around like a trap animal . soldier , the man and woman we see on the dropship , scattered around the barrack in various state of undress , stare back . 13 . cage ( cont 'd ) I , uh , I must have , uh ... fall asleep . have a nightmare . guy cat -call didja piss yerself ? girl cat-call check he diaper ! there 's a recruitment poster on cage 's wall : rita vrataski , she crimson exojacket shine against blue sky , hair fly , a stern look on she face : " I want you ! join the cleanup ! " but someone - cage , in fact - have deface the poster to read " join the fuck - up , sucker ! " Little skull around she foot . nance , a tough - look girl soldier , burly as hell , leer in . nance maybe it be a wet dream . maybe he be dreamin ' about rita . cage shut up , nance . she blow he a kiss . cage rub he head , in mild shock . cage ( cont 'd ) ow ... GOD my head be kill I . I can not drink like that anymore . yonaburu like what ? cage like last night . yonaburu we be here last night , dumbass . liquor raid 's tonight . Battle 's tomorrow . cage blink , confuse . cage oh. I ... right . I gotta , I think I gotta go puke . int . latrine - day cage wash he face , take two aspirin , hand shaking . he look in the mirror , try to get a grip on himself - 14 . cage it be just a dream . int . c- company barracks - day cage walk back to he bunk in a daze , stare at the face of the soldier he just watch get kill ; some play video game , some look at porn , some work out , some asleep , half - dangle out of mylar hammock . - there 's davis , who do not make it out of the dropship - - there 's roker , who take a javelin in the chest - - and yonaburu , hunker over a map that look like football strategy . palka , a short norwegian , toss he wire clipper . yonaburu Mission accomplish ? palka we have we exfiltration point . palka circle a spot on the map . yonaburu excellent . we will strike at 2200 . griff , you be gonna be the decoy - griff you think they get tequila ? yonaburu ' course they do . they be officer . they get everything . palka go to get druunk ... yonaburu roll up the map , hide it . cage frown , worried . cage man , you ever feel like you be remember something while it 's happen , like it 's already - ( distract ) hey , Ford ! can you not do that ? several soldier be gambling between the bunk , heaps of goody behind the winner , the loser throw down he card . the dealer , ford , scoops chip , smile . he be miss tooth in the dropship ... now he 's not . 15 . ford do what ? cage sarge bust we ass all day yesterday in pt ! you wanna put everyone through that again ? ford what be you talk about ? sarge 's out all week gettin ' he arm sew back on ! besides , we get a lookout - - indicate a fat soldier , kimmel , up near the door , whose attention be evenly divide between a handheld video game and he nose , which he be pick mightily . cage dude , he come right through that door , and — slap ! someone slap kimmel on the back of he head , send he game skitter across the floor . cage 's eye go wide . yonaburu oh. fuck . sgt . farell now just what in the get -damn fuck shit do we have here ? sgt . farell be a live piece of leather ; badly scar , mean as piss . everyone be terrify of he , even he superior . Soldiers scramble to attention , but it 's far too late -— sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) I be go for six whole day and my platoon , the platoon with my good name on it , have transmogrified into a veritable shitstorm of shenanigan and iniquity ! i. am. appalled ! farell punctuate everything he say with violence ; a well - aim kick , a slap , a tip - over footlocker , as the soldier fall over each other to come to attention - sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) you be all . in . deepest . shit . pig . shit . you . motherless . baby ! slap ! kick ! no one escape he reach . 16 . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) and you will not . get . out of this pigshit until you have each . and . every . one learn the life-give power of fear and discipline , the necessity of order and ethic if I have to personally kill every single one of you embarrassing sack of human waste and drag you dead and lifeless body by the shortest , curliest hair and throw you to the mimic hessian ! two soldier exchange a look ... do he just say " hessian " ? sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) did you not think I would return ? did you not imagine that I would be wholly prepare to castrate and mastectomize each and every - sgt . farell stop short , see the gambler , who stand at attention ... but they card , chip be scattered everywhere . his face curl into a whole new level of acid rage . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) oh . I see I have interrupt a game . a few gambler close they eye , ready for certain death . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) tell I , private Ford . why do I hate gambling so much ? ford ( tremble as he recite ) Sir , because it 's a game of chance , sir ... because it entertain the notion that we ... fate be in hand ... other than we own ... sir . sgt . farell and what do I think about chance ? ford ( recite ) " there be no chance . there be only choice . and choice be character . and character be fate . " sgt . farell that 's right ! 17 . he slap Ford anyway , for good measure . silence . farell scan the terrify soldier in hateful wonder . his voice drop to a almost tender register , as if he pity this poor puke for the choice they have make this morning . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) now I know that none of you exactly chose to be here . I know that all the young lady and gentleman fit for the International Marine force have long since be decimate by the mimic disease , and that no sooner have you conscript complete the most rudimentary training than you be to be throw into what be guaranteed to be the mother of all Battles : ruby tuesday . ( softly ) we lose North America . we lose the Pacific . we lose this , we will not get to fight another . I would imagine the pressure ... must be enormous . he scan they face . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) ask I if I care . ask I if I care , soldier ! soldier Sir , do you - sgt . farell no I do not care . pt now now now ! the soldier hustle out . cage stare , stunned , as we CUT to : ext . UNITED defense force base - day a glassy tower loom above a sprawling military base on a BAY . the base be the size of a city , but it 's only part of what will be the large military operation in human history . yonaburu ( 0.s . ) it 's call ' deja vu ' , man , which be french for be there , do that . happens to everyone . far below , the soldier of C - company run in loose formation . 18 . ext . physical training field - obstacle course - day foreign battalion arrive , train - chinese regiment MARCH . russian soldier bark order . japanese commandos SPAR in exojackets . cage look around the field , sweat , daze . cage dude , I know everything he be gonna say . every word . yonaburu everyone know what sarge be gonna say ! he always say that shit . c-company soldier run , past jeering companie of better behave soldier who be not get pt 'ed to death . cage I swear ... this be different . it 's like ... I be remember thing that have not even happen yet . yonaburu Fine . you have a dream , we be in battle , and everyone die . only the valkyrie save you - and then you die . cage yeah . yonaburu and the sarge busting we ass out here , that be in you dream , too . cage yeah ... I think it be . yonaburu ok then , Mr. wizard . tell I what happen next . cage look around the field , strain to remember . cage uhh ... kimmel 's gonna pass out . 19 . the fat private struggle over a easy obstacle , farell scream at he until ... kimmel faint . medic rush over . yonaburu well I coulda ' see that come . cage yeah ? well , now ... nance and Ford over there , they be about to get in this big -ass fight ... nance and ford power over a wall , nance take the opportunity to grab Ford 's ass . he kick she , they fall in the mud . it 's on . sgt . farell start yell , soldier start run over , egging they on - cage ( cont 'd ) ... and then roker over there make a perfect shot ... roker hit three bull - eye , hoot . yonaburu frown , spook . cage ( cont 'd ) ...- and then Davis get he leg stick in the rope ... davis swing over a rope obstacle , slip and end up swinging upside down , he leg tangle . cage ( cont 'd ) ... and then Ford have to go to the infirmary after nance bust he - yonaburu ( scared ) shut up , man , yer freakin ' I out ! cage that 's what I be say ! Ford get he tooth knock out and then ... cage trail off , see that rita have walk onto the field , trail by she dog . cage ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? yonaburu Holy fuck . it 's valkyrie one ! out of she jacket , rita look nothing like the amazon warrior you might expect . she 's small . delicate-look . 20 . out of they jacket , the dog be , if anything , more menace than on the field ; muscle , tatted , scar . they swagger in loose formation around rita , true to they name . griff ( walk up ) damn . look like someone let the full Metal bitch outta she tower . cage stare , bewilder . Soldiers gather around the fight come to attention as rita step through - - and into the fight , where ford swing at nance , miss , leave himself wide open . nance swing , she fist come in slow motion , Ford 's eye wide , he nose : doomed -— - but rita intercept the shot , catch nance 's fist with a audible smack . Ford stagger back . everything stop . rita how about you two save this for the battle ? ford muddily salute . so do nance . so do sgt . farell . rita ( cont 'd ) why be this soldier in pt the day before battle , sergeant ? sgt . farell 3rd platoon have a discipline problem , mar 'am . I feel that a little physical exertion might help they grasp this important military concept . rita I see . with a nod from rita , one of the dog hit the dirt , assume a board - like position : the ISO - pushup . rita ( cont 'd ) Lt. Shep be demonstrate the iso - pushup . in Dog company , we use it to practice discipline . the iso - pushup be the best training outside of a jacket you will get . now the whole platoon be in a perfect line , in a position that could pass for torture ; the ISO - pushup . not go up , not go down - just hold position . 21 . rita ( cont 'd ) to control you exojacket you must control you body . to control you body , you must control you mind . sweat drip from soldier ' nose . it 's hardest for the biggest one . yonaburu trembles - and collapse . sgt . farell get back into position , private ! yonaburu struggle to get back up . cage can not take he eye off rita . rita suddenly look this way . shit . here she come . rita this man 's have enough . sgt . farell yes , mar 'am . yonaburu get up . the lolling dog soldier smirk . rita drop , assume yonaburu 's place , next to cage . cage try to keep he eye on the ground , but finally , he look - sergeant - Major rita vrataski be look cage dead in the eye . rita ( quietly ) do I have something on my face , private ? cage uh ... no , mar 'am . rita then I suggest you keep you eye on the ground . cage look down , sweat drip . other soldier drop , one by one . rita hold the position effortlessly . cage be shaking . he finally drop . over by the water cooler cage guzzle , watch rita , now the only one do a iso - pushup , she dog cheer she on . yonaburu slap cage on the back - yonaburu damn . what would she say to you , man ? cage nothing , I - 22. yonaburu you really have I go there for a minute . I mean , you do not dream about any of that , rita comin ' over and she talkin ' to you and stuff ... do you ? cage no . that be not ... that 's not what happen at all . yonaburu good . I be start to think you be crazy . cage ( troubled ) yeah . I too . int . battle readiness debrief theater - darkness up front , nervous-look executive officer , pencil-pusher , point to vidscreen , where mimic and battle plan hover - flag show army of every nationality cruise in towards the yucatan peninsula , while the island of cuba - all of the Caribbean , in fact - be swarmed with glowing red line that extend halfway around the globe ; mimic force . executive officer the mimic be amass on the island of Cuba , prepare for a all - out strike on the continent . when they reach a critical mass , they will attack . on the vidscreen , whole continent have be wipe clean of human influence ; NORTH america be go , antarctica be go . area of CANADA appear to be diseased ... executive officer ( cont 'd ) that 's why we be strike they first . if we wait , we could lose South America . so this be what you would call a , uh , critical juncture . in back , soldier from cage 's platoon pay limited attention . they be work on they own plan : tonight 's liquor raid . yonaburu you be still come with we , right ? 23 . cage I do not know , maybe - yonaburu come on , man , it 's ritual . c- company always get drunk before they go into battle ! cage we have never be in a battle . yonaburu but that 's how ritual get start , wuss . we be in on the ground floor . cage can not exactly argue with this logic . as the meeting adjourn , farell waylays they all at the door . sgt . farell 3rd platoon , hold ! farell give they all the bad-eye . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) now , Command do not let I ride you sorry ass past 1900 hour . but if any of you maggot have the spine and mettle to meet I in the sparring bay , I can offer in - jacket training . the soldier guiltily file past . not one take he up on it . ext . liquor raid - behind the officer's club - night one soldier hand bottle of liquor under the edge of the mylar tenting while other keep a lookout . a curious mp shine he flashlight on the fence - yonaburu ( hiss ) go! go ! but when the curious mp get there he see - nothing but empty grass behind the club . we pan along the fence , to where the last of the soldier slip through the hole that palka make this morning - 24 . ext . beach - night drunk soldier run around in the breaker , hoot and laugh , total grab-ass . searchlight span the beach nearby . roker no , no no no no man , look . I totally watch the whole thing - it 's gonna be a cakewalk . soldier gather around , soaking wet and get waste . roker , with drunken authority , draw a map the sand - roker ( cont 'd ) this be first division . this be 2nd , 84th - all the fuck of ‘em . they be all over . we ... ( draw ) ».+. be gonna be right down here . bringin ' up the rear . maybe he use a break seashell to demark a spot , or a beer bottle . one of the soldier be totally naked , no explanation . davis bringin ' up the rear . that 's funny . roker it 's a fuckin' cakewalk , man . we draw the lucky straw ! davis it 's cos they know how bad we suck . roker same difference . two soldier try some version of a high - five , and fall on they ass . surf wash in , destroy the battlefield . cage sit off by himself , stare out at the breaker . yonaburu stagger over , sit . yonaburu you be not still think about all that deja-bullshit be you ? cage Nah . not really . yonaburu good . yonaburu offer cage a bottle . cage hesitates , drink . 25 . in the distance , we see the red flash of artillery . low thump echo across the water . bombing raid on the island . int . gloomy barracks - night the soldier of 3rd platoon creep back into they barrack . o.s . the sound of someone puking . yonaburu be clutching a wear photo , too drunk to walk . cage help he to he bunk . yonaburu .-- when this battle 's over , I be gonna get my gold star and we be gonna have like fifteen fuckin ' kid and live off of the breedin ' credit ... yonaburu collapse into bed , drop the picture . cage pick it up . a sorta-pretty girl . " I love you , Danny - boy " . yonaburu ( cont 'd ) ai not she pretty ? cage yeah , man , now get some sleep . cage crawl up onto he rack . lay there , stare at the poster of rita in the gloom . yonaburu ( 0.s . ) hey , cage ? cage yeah ? yonaburu in that dream you have , about the battle ... you uh , never say exactly what happen to I . beat . cage I ... uh , think you get away . yonaburu really ? cage uh ... yeah . yonaburu cool . well I will not let the mimic get you this time , man . I swear . 26 . cage stare into the darkness , worried , and we CUT to : ext . UNITED defence force base - 5 am - ruby tuesday alarm bleat , radios echo across the base , and everywhere , stream of soldier , million of they , run to they deployment like ant . dropship lift off in formation , hovercraft and megacarrier steam out of the bay , wave of strikejets boom through the SOUND barrier , whisk off , faster than can be follow . int . armory - ruby tuesday rows of exojackets line the wall as soldier pound in . every exojacket be custom fit , a soldier 's name emblazon on each . some soldier look really excited to get in they jacket , some look at theirs like they be iron maiden . Soldiers strip to they underwear ; exojacket need full body contact . griff even strip off he underwear , other soldier wince . nance aw griff no one want to see that ! griff I gotta feel free , man ! yonaburu 's jacket click into place around he body , sealing he arm down to he fingertip . exojacket be stronger than steel , and microjoint for maximum mobility . yonaburu woooh , lordy ! welcome to the plastic fantastic death Machine ! he knock he polycarbonate arm , thuk - thuk , for good measure . kimmel struggle to wedge into he jacket , have manage to gain another 13 pound since he fitting . kimmel can someone , uh ... yonaburu suck in . yonaburu and another soldier push ... with a groan , kimmel fairly pop into he suit as it power up , encase he . 27 . griff ( look up ) oh fuuck . cage step around the corner . his jacket festooned with extra ammo , grenade , and so many gun that he can barely walk . Soldiers laugh as we push in on cage 's anxious face . CUT to : int . UNITED defense force dropship - in flight cage look , if anything , more terrify than before , down between he feet as the BAY door retract , revealing - - choppy seawater fly by below . cage swallows hard . across from cage , griff be twitching , try not to barf - sgt . farell griff , don't puke ! griff sir yes sir ! nance you spit up you jacket , yer in for a world a ' shit . ford you shit in you jacket , yer in for a world a ' pain . Ford grins . this time , he 's still get all he tooth . yonaburu yo buddy , check it out . we get nothin ' to worry about . I bring we life insurance . Mrs. Smith . yonaburu tap mrs . smith against he faceplate . cage 's lip begin to twitch . he squeeze he eye shut . sgt . farell .+.+ ready for drop ... holding , and -— cage doesn't wait . he hit he release , and drop . ext . AIR - 9.8 meter per second square cage' hyperventilating gasp . yonaburu tumble after - 28 . yonaburu whoo -hoo ! damn , bud , wait up ! cage look up in time to see the dropship take two hit , flaming soldier fall as the ship begin its death-spiral . ext . beachhead - battlefield - foggy day - wham ! beat . a gasp as cage 's lung refill , he stagger up , wobbly , wet sand fall from he face - plate - happy soldier we made it ! three other soldier stagger up out of they own crater - cage hey ! look out ! look out ! cage wave he arm frantically , which give the doom soldier exactly enough time to look up before - - 20 ton of flaming dropship crash down on they . cage be thrown back from the impact , landing in two foot of surf . yonaburu cage ! you in one piece ? cage nod , daze . they run . everything be exactly like it be before , with one major difference : instead of drizzle rain , there 's a thick fog . cage and yonaburu make it to the trench , fall in with other terrify soldier , farell scream to tac - com - sgt . farell ( on radio ) I need some goddamn AIR support ! griff tremble , grip he autocannon - griff this be not ... it 's like they fuckin ' know , man ... it 's like they know ! on cage' head - up , a red dot approach the blue dot of he company . then more red dot . even more than last time . sgt . farell ( on radio ) lock and load ! 29 . cage we have to get out of here ! sgt . farell light ' em up ! roker jump up , ready to FIRE , when a mimic javelin hit he square in the chest , knock he back - yonaburu stare down at the dead man , in shock , and see - - cage , already running away . yonaburu shit ! sgt . farell snarl , lower he 30 mm cannon at cage 's back . yonaburu ( cont 'd ) wait ! I will get he back , sir ! blam ! a blast of flame and sand as a mimic javelin land in the trench . maybe farell be dead , but there 's no time to look back . yonaburu run after cage - cage run blindly - - yonaburu tackle he and they go down , rolling . cage wriggles free , crawl away . yonaburu grab he ankle , mimic javelin streaking past - cage let I go ! yonaburu i'm not letting you go ! yonaburu heave cage back by the ankle - just like before . cage sees two mimic javelin streaking in - cage yonaburu ! - cage twist , kicking yonaburu and knocking he out of the line of FIRE - - a javelin neatly missing yonaburu 's head . yonaburu why the fuck'd you do that ? 30 . cage stare in wonder - smile . cage I did it ! I save you ! laughing , like he break a curse . but then cage cough . something dark spatter the inside of he faceplate . yonaburu 's expression turn to one of horror . yonaburu oh buddy . oh man . yonaburu stare at cage 's chest . cage look down - there's a 90 mm hole clean through he chestplate . take out enough spine that he do not feel anything . yonaburu ( cont 'd ) oh god , I be sorry , man , I be really - cage look back at the trench where the rest of the platoon be get hamburgered in the fog - - and the distant flash of red where rita and the dog fight a sea of mimic two - leggers . cage 's jacket start to twist and shake , it 's gonna jitterbug - and then yonaburu's whole head disappear in a puff of red - the image swim , the sound futzing like a lose ham radio transmission as cage bleed out , dying - - the weird static rise to a buzzy roar until we CUT to : int . barracks - monday morning cage wake up on he bunk , coughing and hacking and gasping , fall out of bed with a yell . everyone stare . yonaburu scowl up from clean Mrs. Smith . yonaburu what the fuck be wrong with you ? soldier didja piss yerself ? cage stare around the barrack like a trap animal . cage yonaburu . you , uh , gotta help I man , you gotta — ( more ) 31 . cage ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) come with I . now . int . latrine - morning cage explain , cry . yonaburu frown , listen . cage . -- and then , then I run , I could not help it . I just have to , there be not ... you do not know what it 's like . there 's gonna be thousand , I mean , hundred of thousand of ‘em . ( wiping he nose ) and anyway , I do save you , for like a second . for just a second . man , my fuckin ' head hurt . cage messily shake out some aspirin , chew several . cage ( cont 'd ) I know it sound crazy , but you gotta believe I . we have to get out of here or it 's ... yonaburu look at cage with a mixture of pity and disgust . his friend have totally crack . cage ( cont 'd ) you do believe I , do not you ? yonaburu um , of course I do , man . ( carefully ) let 's , uh , get back in there , ok ? and pretend like everything 's all right . we , uh , really need to think this through , come up with a plan . cage thanks , buddy . you be the best . int . barracks - morning sgt . farell be force to Ford to recite - ford ... there be only choice . choice be character . and character be fate . sgt . farell that 's right ! 32 . sgt . farell slap Ford , for good measure , and see — sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) now what the shit do we have here ? yonaburu private yonaburu and private cage , sir . we be in the latrine . sgt . farell you needin' companionship ? the pornvid be not enough for you ? yonaburu no sir , private cage be sick , gone section EIGHT , sir ! cage stare at yonaburu , betraye . sgt . farell we be all section eight here , private ! case of the willy be not enough to - yonaburu he's crazy as a shithouse rat , sir , private cage say he -— cage you say you would help I ! cage tackle yonaburu . soldier hoot , they love a good fight - sgt . farell GOD damn it , get ' em offa he ! but not before yonaburu , way the hell bigger than cage , land a real proper punch . cage hit the floor , face first - bleed , disorient , cage be hauled up - int . sick BAY - day - and onto a gurney . his hand be zip - tied . a nurse dress he split eyebrow . a medic shine a light in cage 's eye . medic and you say you be from the ... future ? but only ... thirty - six hour ? cage yeah , I think , I mean , no . it 's not like that . ( more ) 33 . cage ( cont 'd ) it 's just that I can see it . everything that 's gonna happen . but like I dream it . before . medic ah. I see . cage ( tremble ) we be all gonna die tomorrow . medic mmm-hmm . well , you be gonna be right here on base , safe and sound , private . we will see to that . nurse ? the nurse heft a sizeable hypo - gun to cage 's head . medic ( cont 'd ) now you may feel a little pressure - cage wait ... no ! cage freak , knocking the hypo away from he head , the nurse fire anyway and the needle plant itself in - - the medic' arm . the medic 's eye glaze over like he 's be give a instant lobotomy . cage twist , grab a bone saw -— cage ( cont 'd ) now listen , do not ... uh , do not screa -— the nurse scream at the top of she lung . cage saw the zip - tie off he hand and back out the door - and into the hall running , ass hang out of the medical gown . more scream - and to the kitchen - where fat cook make all manner of shitty food , and among the steam and cookpot cage be hunker , hide , run - to a door marked " kitchen locker " ext . busy base - day - cage run out the back , dress in someone else 's clothes , the base busy with truck and people , he keep he head low - - past the training field where he platoon be in pt - 34 . - and off he shoulder , mps be run out of the door , with the nurse point , but cage be already - slipping behind the officer ' club , distant alarm go off as he find the piece of fence that palka cut for the liquor raid . he slip through , put it back as best he can and - ext . beach - day cage hit the beach at a lope , stay close to the cliff so the guard tower can not see he , run until the base , the BAY full of ship , disappear behind he , and - - beautiful white sand extend in front . Blue sky above . he throw off he hat . cage be free . awol , but free . ext . beach - afternoon seabird caw . a beautiful little girl be play in the surf . a shadow fall over her . she look up , scared - but it 's cage , smile down at she , out of breath , sunburn . cage hi there , little girl ! little girl grandpa ! a old man in a straw hat be fishing in the surf , wear high boot . he wave , reeling line , come this way . old man ai not hardly any more fish this day , but I want she to know how to do it . for when they come back . ( eyeing cage 's bandage ) you from the base ? cage yeah . I mean , no . I be . I be out . old man ( a funny look ) well it 's a damn fine day to be out . the old man 's fishing line whirr , the pole yank . he start reeling in line . a postcard - perfect scene ... little girl pretty ! 35 . the little girl point . cage frowns . the water at the girl 's foot be cover in a iridescent , sickly sheen . a dead fish roll in the oily surf . cage instinctively pick she up , take she to dry sand as - the old man wade into the oily water , reeling in line to whatever it 's snag on . something dark , move , big ... «++-a mimic aqua - scout raise itself out of the water . the thing be segment , 9 ' tall , too many eye , water pour off of it . another mimic rise behind it , eagerly interested — little girl ( cont 'd ) grandpa ! cage look back just in time to see the old man whacking at the mimic with he fishing pole before he 's CUT to shred . cage cover the little girl 's eye and run . cage help ! help ! but no one 's around . the sput ! sput ! of mimic javelin and - thuk ! the world goe red , at a bad angle . cage be on the sand , look up , grasp for the little girl - cage ( cont 'd ) r-run ... he can not crawl to she because he lower half be six foot behind he . the mimic scout advance , javelin blooming across its body like flower - cage ( cont 'd ) «.. I be sorry ... the last thing cage see be she shoe in the sand . the girl 's scream warble , detune into a weird distorted hum as the image artifact , falling apart , buz and we CUT to : int . barracks - monday morning cage open he eye . tear on he face . int . latrine - morning cage wash he hand , look awful . the water whisk down the drain in the sink . 36 . int . barracks - morning yonaburu be carefully clean Mrs. Smith when cage walk up , eye rimmed red , a faraway look on he face . yonaburu you ok , buddy ? cage yeah . can I see that for a minute ? yonaburu no one touch Mrs. Smith but I . ( smile ) aw , man , I be just pullin ' yer leg . yonaburu hand the pistol over , butt first . cage take the gun , chamber one of the bullet that yonaburu have take out and place on a crate . yonaburu ( cont 'd ) hey , what be you -— cage I be really sorry , buddy . he put the gun to he temple . we do not see it happen . we see the face of everyone in the barracks yell no and a terrible , distant thump and then - - the yell detune , the image shudder apart and we CUT to : int . barracks - morning cage open he eye . he do not move for a long time , just listen to the sound of the barrack . int . latrine - day the water pour down the drain -hole in the sink . cage stare at it . he crack open a bottle of aspirin . take two . int . barracks - day yonaburu hunker over the map of the liquor raid , mark location with a sharpie . cage stare at the poster of rita . join the fuckup , sucker . 37 . cage ( frown ) yonaburu , I get a question . yonaburu shoot . cage if today be you last day on Earth , what would you do ? yonaburu I would probably get good and drunk . which , as it turn out , I be already plan on do . cage nod distantly . cage you wanna get some breakfast ? yonaburu no , I do not wanna " get some breakfast " . I get strategic plan to make . cage walk through the barrack , lose in think , look at everyone who will be go tomorrow : soldier gambling , soldier sleep ... kimmel , intent on he game . cage exit just as sgt . farell enter . int . hallway - day cage walk down the hall , a semi-blissful look on he face , farell 's yell echoing through . sgt . farell ( 0.s. ) now just what in the get - damned fuck shit do we have here ? int . mess hall - day cage put he cup at a machine emblazon " metacoffee : better even than the real thing ! " the dank liquid sputter in . cage eat alone , wince over the bitter drink . rita and she dog enter , rita get food , find a place to sit . she walk in perfect slow motion , glide through the world like nothing can touch she , she face expressionless . 38 . one of the dog look this way , give cage a deadly look . cage look away . finish , he dump he tray . kitchen girl have a good day ? cage I have have worse . mind if I borrow you pen ? cage write " 5 " on the back of he hand . kitchen girl what 's that for ? cage I , uh , keep die , and then waking up again . figure I better start keep track , you know ? the girl smile politely , afraid of this crazy person . cage ( cont 'd ) would you happen to know where the holovid library be ? CUT to : ext . empty space / int . holobay star , one billion of they , serenely float in the firmament of space , until - a silver , bullet - looking thing whisk past , at near light - speed . only it 's not a bullet . it 's ... a mimic seeder . cage ( v.o. ) I be only three year old when the mimic first get here . cage stand in the dark holobay , the seeder streak past he . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they would probably start head this way a thousand year before I be even bear . EIGHT more mimic seeder follow suit , smoothly fan out into geostationary orbit above ... the earth , at cage 's feet . CUT to : 39 . ext . CITY park - night a little boy and he father stand on a dark hill , the light of a CITY far below , the father point up . cage ( v.o. ) my dad use to take I up on a hill and show I they satellite . I think they be pretty . tiny silver speck shine low in the sky . the boy stare . int . UNITED nation / ext . space - holovid footage at the UNITED nation , politician argue under image of the strange spheroid . military official scowl suspiciously . cage ( v.o. ) we try everything we could to communicate with they . in low -earth orbit , a space station revolve near a seeder ... ... the station shoot a laser at the seeder . after a beat , it explode . military official watch monitor clap ... ... but then , in a slow -motion ballet , each of the remain spheroid evenly fragment into smaller piece ... cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then one day , they just drop . .-- and all the piece drop . the general ' happy face fill with dread , watch international report stream in . one of they land on a CITY , obliterating several building and landing deep in the earth - the image race forward , cage fast -forwarding to : ext . amazon rainforest - day - holovid - a david attenborough-type push through rainforest , lead by loinclothed tribesmen . cage ( v.o. ) they would get down deep , and be show up all over the place . they come to a huge empty spot in the forest , the denude Earth cover in a oil - slick - looking goo , where thousand of pillbug - like half-sphere work they way out in a circle . 40 . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everything they touch , die . a tribesman kick one over . hundred of legs wave in the air , until he stab it with a spear , and we CUT to : ext . suburban STREET - a sinkhole teeming with the silver , bug - like thing . family watch as a cleanup crew come in and start exterminating the plague . cage then they start mutate . a early version of a mimic raise itself out of the hole , walking upright - roughly humanoid . it sprays the cleanup crew with some kind of acid . mayhem ensue , people scream , run every which way . ext . antarctic island - day plume of brownish smoke rise above arctic island , a u.d.f . bombing raid in process . the ground erupt with mimic . cage ( v.o . ) they always seem to know where we would attack next , and the more we attack they , the better they get . new kind of mimic infantry pour out of hole in the earth , like rudimentary version of the human weaponry they be model on . some shoot , some fly . some be fast , some big . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they fight like we . after a while , they even look like we . kind of . we see a soldier cornere with a mimic , it grab the soldier . the soldier scream - - the mimic make a scream SOUND back , the shifting plate on its horrible face mimic the soldier 's expression - then the face come apart , turn to whirring blade : splat ! int . autopsy footage - holovid doctor in a lab dissect a mimic two - legger - 41 . cage ( v.o. ) mimic have no brain , no sign of self - awareness or fear . scientist claim they be more like robot than live thing . but they do not look like robot and they do not act like robot . - part of the mimic animate and with only a half of a body kill the doctor , smashing the lab - cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they act more like zombie space killer from hell . the half-mimic close in on the camera . it 's make of layer , like one of that Russian doll with other doll inside - black and silver oozing out around its one good eye - it smashes the camera . ext . diseased earth - day swath of ocean have turn a weird , opalescent GREEN . whole continent be turn a deadly gray ... orange cloud part , and far below , the jagged remain of the florida peninsula jut into the rise ocean . cage ( v.o . ) it be not until the Battle of Florida that thing turn around . a million - soldier INTERNATIONAL force fight the mimic horde on the charree remain of disneyland , as - rita vrataski , wear a early standard - issue exojacket , lead the human force to victory , decimate mimic . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she be only 19 year old . it be she first battle . she kill the last , she faceplate off , hair slick with sweat , lifted on the arm of she comrade - int . PRESS conference cameras flashing , rita look lose and alone . 42 . cage ( v.o. ) no one know how she do it . when the press ask she how a nineteen - year - old girl who have never be in battle be suddenly able to kill four thousand mimic and turn the tide of the war , she simply say : rita ( nervously lean to mic ) I , uh ... play a lot of video game . int . suburban home / holovid cage , a be-zitted , lazy - look teen on he stepfather 's couch , power down cheeto , watch the holovid of rita . cage ( v.o. ) when I be nineteen , I be still live on my stepfather 's couch , stay up all night watch holovid and praying my service card would never come . cage 's stepfather bring he a shiny blue card . cage stare at he card , cheeto dust on mouth , in shock - cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but of course my card come . they always do . - while on - screen , rita bow she head , receive a medal ; the order of the valkyrie , the only one of its kind . she look out at the stadium , camera flash flick like star . but she do not look very happy . rita look out at the stadium - size crowd , indifferent , as - - a single tear roll down her cheek . ext . udf collection transport - day rita 's tear be commemorated in recruitment poster that decorate the crumbling wall of the burned - out suburb . '' join the cleanup ! " cage ( v.o. ) they be still call it the cleanup , which be stupid because everyone know it be all - out war . ( more ) 43 . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the Earth be die , the weather be get totally screw up . it be they or we . cage be load onto a transport , with other young men and women who look just as shit -scare as he do . ext . udf defense force base - yucatan peninsula - day a incomprehensibly large military base cover the Yucatan Peninsula . armed force from all over the planet arriving - - and the silvery mimic horde cover the distant island , enough to be visible from space - cage ( v.o. ) the Battle of Ruby Tuesday be go to be the big one . it be a gamble . humanity be go all in . if we lose this one , there would not be anyone leave to fight another . on the base cage get off the truck , look particularly out of place , the same look on he face as we CUT to : int . battle readiness debrief theater - darkness cage , sit among a thousand soldier . cage ( v.o. ) a lot of people be scared . but I , I would actually be there . I know exactly how it be go to go . strategic map of tomorrow 's battle hover in the darkness . executive officer ( xo 's ) point , highlight the animated battalion that will be landing tomorrow . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I know we be gonna lose . executive officer ... the main point of attack will be two mile north of this canyon here , where we expect the mimic to stage they front line . lst Corp. will be take most of the heat . ( more ) 44 , executive officer ( cont 'd ) you job will be to scoop up flee mimic infantry , prevent a breach here ... or here . we will be give it all we have get , so - cage I have a question , sir . the xo squint , interrupt . they eye adjust ... cage be the only soldier among a thousand who be stand . executive officer yes , private ? cage cough nervously . cage um ... what if the mimic already know what we be plan ? would not the breach point be more heavily defend than any other area ? senior xo Son , mimic do not work that way . griff ( whisper ) - dude , sit the fuck down - cage uh , yeah , but if they do , C - company would get stick between the cliff and the canyon . and from that elevation , they would , um , probably be able to make mincemeat of the advance dropship deployment before we even touch down . sgt . farell take a interest . nervous xo we intel say the mimic be mass north of the drop point . cage what if the intel be wrong ? the xo look even more nervous . and irritate . senior xo Son , we can not plan for every eventuality . ( more ) 45 . senior xo ( cont 'd ) C - company and all the 81st will be one of the luckier division ; it 's a backup position . now unless we have any other wild theory to entertain , this debrief be end . good luck tomorrow , soldier . ford - teacher 's fuckin ' pet - the soldier stand to file out , give cage not - cool look . sgt . farell begin he spiel about in - jacket training . yonaburu dude , what the fuck be that ? cage I just think someone should say something . yonaburu yeah , something totally insane . you still do the liquor raid with we tonight or what ? cage maybe next time . yonaburu next time ? Battle 's tomorrow , dumbass . cage I be sure it will be fun without I . yonaburu man , what 's wrong with you ? you have be act like a dick all day . griff told you he would puss out . int . locker room / armory - night cage wander the gloomy , empty locker room . at he locker , he stare in at he empty exojacket , " cage " emblazon on front , like a coffin with he own name on it . sgt . farell appear . 46 . sgt . farell you ask some pretty good question today , private . make the pencil pusher think . that take gut . sign of a good soldier . cage I be not really a good soldier , sir . farell sit , eyeing cage in a new light . sgt . farell you be really worried about tomorrow , be not you ? cage sarge , what if you be go into battle and you know you be go to die ? what if you be , like , certain with one hundred percent certainty ? farell think on this , take the question seriously . sgt . farell then I would not be afraid . ( beat ) that 's what it take to be a great soldier . realize you doom and get on with it . inflict the great damage you can on you enemy . and die a hero . farell rub he jaw , look up at cage 's exojacket . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) come to think of it , private , that be the perfect condition in which to enter any battlefield situation . cage stare at he empty jacket , think . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) you meet I in the sparring bay if you want a little practice with that thing . farell exit . cage look at the " 5 " write on he hand . cage put on he jacket . the legs bind , the arm seal , the chest close , every slick move polycarbonate plate whirring into place , as system check fill the faceplate . cage pick up he autocannon and we CUT to : 47 . int . sparring BAY - night cage step in , look around . the bay be a vast , echoing space the size of a airplane hangar . cage sarge ? farell strike without warning . wham ! cage go down in a tumble , farell knock he sprawling . sgt . farell forget about the jacket . wham . cage struggle to stand . he 's really bad at this . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) forget about I . at every turn , farell be deliver blow to poor cage , he jacket strain , fire " streaker " : augmented -reality - munition that can only be see from inside the faceplate . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) use you instinct and the jacket will help you . do not think about it too much . do not fight the jacket . everywhere that cage fire be millisecond too late . and the sergeant be not even fire back . he 's play with he , he move aikido-like , always use a foe against himself . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) when you forget that you be wear the jacket be when the soldier and the jacket be one . when the soldier and the jacket be one , the mimic cannot defeat you . cage give it all he 's get , finally landing a blow - whack ! sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) good . and then farell hammer cage , knocking he clean off he feet , jump , landing on he , pin he arm back and put the barrel of he 50 mm in cage 's face . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) you be green , but you have get more mettle than you think you do . farell roll off of he , smile . 48 . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) now . you wanna try that again ? cage yes , sir . wham ! int . dropship - day the dropship bay door OPEN , the ocean far below . cage 's jackete hand be shaking . griff make about-to-puke-face . sgt . farell griff ! don't puke ! griff yes sir ! up front , farell give they all a grim look . when he eye meet cage , he give he the tiniest nod of reassurance . beneath , the beach come into view ... and the drop point . sgt . farell ... ready for drop ... holding ... holding ... go ! Soldiers drop . yonaburu . nance . ford . griff . cage turn to a terrified soldier - maybe kimmel - who cling for he life - cage let go ! he shake he head . cage shove he , force he out , the guy drop , scream . cage throws another , grab a third just as — the dropship take the hit , and they 're out , tumbling and - ext . beachhead - day cage land on the beach , wham ! several other soldier stagger up out of they crater . a happy soldier wave - happy soldier we made it ! cage tackle the soldier , barely knock he out of harm 's way as the dropship smashes down - at least he save one . yonaburu shit , cage - you ok ? 49 . the stunned soldier stare back at the ship , in shock - happy soldier the ship ... the ship ... cage come on ! they haul ass across the beach . this time , it 's pouring rain . they roll into the trench yonaburu 's head - up be red with mimic - yonaburu Holy fuck fuck . cage move past he terrify comrade to sgt . farell , who uselessly scream order to he radio - sgt . farell well , tac - com got it fuckin ' wrong ! we need some goddamn AIR support ! cage mimic be gonna overrun this trench in ten second ! we have to move , sir ! sgt . farell just where the hell do you suggest - cage there's a canyon , one click west ! a split-second beat . sgt. farell believe he . sgt . farell right ! move ! move ! the soldier make it out just as the trench be reduced to ruin by javelin FIRE - cage ( to yonaburu ) stay with I ! the soldier run for the canyon as - several mimic runners detach and give chase . cage turn , level he 20 mm , blam ! a mimic goe down ! following he lead - - two other soldier turn to FIRE on the mimic but be overtaken . Hand to hand , the mimic be unstoppable , the two soldier be CUT down as - 50 . wham ! a mimic run right into cage , knocking he sideways , javelin blooming across its body , arm sharp as razor . cage roll , twist and as it leap - he ram he piledriver in the mimic 's craw - kerwham ! the mimic die , javelin fizzling like dud firework . sgt . farell ( on radio ) good work , private ! yonaburu yeah ! yonaburu fire he 50 mm , kicking back like a 10 year old fire he first shotgun : blam ! blam ! not too accurate , but mighty effective - cage c'mon , man ! cage grab yonaburu 's shoulder and they run until - - strikejets roar in , lay down a wall of flame , close enough that cage and yonaburu be knocked flat , dirt in the sky , mimic piece falling , it 's hard to tell up from down - cage stagger up , but yonaburu take a piece of shrapnel . cage ( cont 'd ) hold on ! cage grab yonaburu 's foot , dragging he as fresh mimic clear the oily smoke , cage firing with he one free arm — yonaburu I be bleedin ' out , man ... let I go . cage no ! yonaburu I ... I be sorry I call you a dick . ( fade ) you be my best ... friend ... distract , cage do not see the mimic barreling at he - cage just hold on , man , I can get you - - a sicken crunch and we CUT to : 51 . int . barracks - morning cage wake up on he bunk . yonaburu be clean Mrs. Smith . cage 's bare foot hit the concrete floor . he stand there , smile at yonaburu . yonaburu ( frown ) what the fuck be wrong with you ? cage nothing , man . still smile , cage write a " 6 " on he hand with a sharpie . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the sarge be right . if there be not any way out of this , maybe I could at least go down fight . so what if there be a million of they and only one of I . maybe I have a million try . kimmel' face , intent on he video game . two blocky , old - skool STREET fighter square off . one eat the other 's liver . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) maybe I could win this thing after all . game over . restart . cage peer down at the game - cage ( cont 'd ) you be get pretty good at that , kimmel . how many time would you say you have play that game ? kimmel I dunno . couple thousand ? I be able to beat it for a while - I be just try to top my own score . cage head up , buddy , sarge be come . kimmel huh ? cage step up on he footlocker , address the room . cage hey everyone , I just think you should all know that sgt . ( more ) 52 . cage ( cont 'd ) farell get out of rehab early . he 's on he way . he will be here in one minute . ford bullshit . kimmel spy the sarge , coming down the hall - kimmel guy ! guy ! the sarge be come ! soldier respond like a bomb go off , fly into action , hide laundry , flipping gambling paraphernalia into locker - int . hallway - barracks sgt . farell march down the hall as if he know in he heart what he will find there . cage waylays he . cage sgt . farell , sir ! sgt . farell private . cage some of the men be hoping to throw you a party , sir , and they be wondering if you be - sgt . farell ( scowling ) let I pass , private . cage try to waylay he again , farell push past he and open the door on - int . barracks - morning - a shockingly clean quarter . soldier stand at attention . sgt . farell now just what in the got-damn - the sergeant be totally bring up short . cage step in behind he and ... begin to sing . cage ( singing ) fooooor he 's a jolly good fellow , for he 's a jolly good fellow , for he 's a jolly good feee - ee-loooo - ( more ) 53 . cage ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) ( wait for it ) who come back with both he arm . a weak improvise cheer go up . farell frown . sgt . farell well . I will be damned . I would hear a rumor this platoon would fall to the force of chaos. ( beat ) I do not usually take such pleasure in be wrong . he scan the place , inspect , still suspicious . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) right . we will be review mimic killzone tactic on the field at 0900 . get yer breakfast . you , hold . indicating cage . Soldiers bustle out . farell glare at cage , notice that cage have a " 6 " write on the back of he hand . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) I do not know what game you be play , private ... " cage " . but if you fuck with I , I will kill you . cage Sir , yes sir . int . mess hall - morning crappy breakfast food hit metal trays . metacoffee splutter out of a machine . yonaburu taste some , scowling . yonaburu what - all do they put in this shit ? griff everything a explode body need . ford ( to cage ) dude , you totally save we asse back there . sarge woulda kill we ! they sit , eyeing - rita , at a corner table , flanke by she dog , who sit around , not eat , look bored . 54 . yonaburu I do not get it . she can eat whatever she want but she come in here , like she 's gonna eat with we , and then she just eat by herself and do not even let anyone look at she . not even she dog . griff that 's why they call she the full Metal bitch , man . she 's mean . one of Dog company notice they look , give they table the bad - eye while clean he fingernails with a dagger . ford ( whisper ) I hear she screw ‘em . all . griff naw , man , they be all homo . so she will not screw ‘em . cage you guy ever give it a rest ? davis she think she 's better than we . cage she be better than we . yonaburu I think you hate she ! you be always talk about how much you hate all she hero bullshit . '' join the fuck - up , sucker " . cage she 's still the best . cage eat , think . cage ( cont 'd ) you think one person could change a whole battle ? yonaburu I dunno , man . maybe if that person be rita . cage what about I ? 55 . yonaburu dude , you could not hit a barn if we drop it on you . cage yeah , but - what if I get a million try ? like on kimmel 's video game ? yonaburu mmmaaybe . could you also , like , shoot laser beam out of you eye or teleport or something ? cage I be be serious . yonaburu I know you be be serious . that 's what 's so frickin ' funny . rita stand , eye ahead , and exit , the dog trail . cage how long do you think it would take I to get as good as she ? yonaburu ( laugh ) I dunno , three , four lifetime ? cage smile and we CUT to : int . sparring BAY - night cage roll , evading tracer FIRE , take hit . tracers be not real , but when they hit , exojacket give a SHOCK - ow ! sgt . farell what be you afraid of ? a little sting ? that be not nothing ! wham ! wham ! cage be fast , but farell be faster and fearless - leaping off wall , flipping , shoot , raining hell on cage . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) you think the mimic 's afraid of death ? I see a mimic eat its own battle - buddy . I have see a mimic throw itself into a dropship ramjet just to bring the thing down . it do not hesitate . there be no decision , only action . 56 . cage swing he piledriver and we slip in time to - ext . beachhead - ruby tuesday - late morning - cage 's piledriver obliterate a mimic as he push the platoon farther up the canyon , soldier scream while he fire seeker shell , target nine mimic at once - - nine mimic die , b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-blam ! yonaburu damn , son , that's some shootin '! cage move out ! cage fire , turn , see more mimic leap off the canyon rim , one landing on yonaburu and tearing he to shred - yonaburu get it off I ! aiggh ! with a scream , cage leap , firing down between he feet - int . sparring BAY - night - almost landing on farell , but farell roll , fire back , but cage be better now - hacking down with he 20 mm , he tracer round hammering farell' armor - sgt . farell you gotta fight with more than pea - shooter if you wanna win - - farell throws he repeater cannon aside and leap , engage cage hand to hand , too close for any of he weapon to work . they be punching , kicking , cage take the worst of it , dizzy , staggering back like a boxer up against the rope . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) why be you here , private ? cage because I want to be the best , sir ! sgt . farell then fight , damn you ! farell be relentless , beat the hell out of cage - 57 . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) recognize you weakness and do something about it ! - until cage yell , fighting back , raining blows on - ext . ruby tuesday - rocky sea cliff - the thick hide of a mimic , its sharp limb move fast as buzz saws as it leap on he again , cage barely deflect , then hitting back , landing blow after blow and - kicking the mimic into a twitching heap . cage get up , sweat , a little blood inside he faceplate , barely able to stand after he first real hand to hand with a mimic . Soldiers cheer . roker ( on radio ) woo -hoo ! that 's some fightin '! yonaburu where would you learn that shit ? cage crouch , look up at the SUN , high in the sky . cage what time you get ? yonaburu 11:45 . why you keep ask I what fuckin ' time it be ? cage just wanna see how far I can get . yonaburu frowns , be go to ask more ... but here come more mimic , driven by rita . cage watch her fight . it 's as if rita can not kill mimic fast enough . while she axe be cut one in half , she 's twist another mimic around , force it to FIRE into one of its mate - cage follows , watch . but then rita notice he follow . rita ( on radio ) you ought to keep you distance , private . you might get hurt . she crouch , leap off , move faster than cage can possibly follow . the dog go after she . a strikejet sortie come in -— 58 . yonaburu we gotta get out of here , man . sarge want we to — cage yeah , just a - yonaburu ! look out ! - a strikejet spin out of control , grapple with a mimic , and crash - land on yonaburu with a explosion and we CUT to : ext . ruby tuesday - lagoon battle Soldiers cross a swampy area between craggy cliff . cage wade after rita , watch she fight - griff ( radio ) sector four be clear . cage what time we get ? yonaburu 12:45 . man , why the hell do you keep ask I what - aigh ! a aquatic mimic come out of the water , this one with jaw in its torso . it bite yonaburu in half - cage yonaburu ! cage fire and we CUT to : ext . ruby tuesday - mountain battle on steep mountain face , where cage can see rita , below , dispatch mimic by the dozen . cage man how do she move like that ? yonaburu shhhh . yonaburu point . above they , several mimic watch the battle . yonaburu carefully take a grenade , pull the pin , throws it . they hug to the cliff face , crouching ... .-- but the grenade roll back down , come to rest right under yonaburu's ass . he do not see it . 59 . cage yobo ! look ou - int . mess hall - monday morning splut ! some nasty - look stew hit a cafeteria tray . cage be in line with everyone else . unlike everyone else , he 's pile food of every imaginable variety on he plate . add salt , sugar , spice . anything to break the monotony . yonaburu goddamn , man . that 's disgusting . cage well , yobo , you gotta keep life interesting . yonaburu yobo ? what 's that ? cage just a name I have get go for you . yonaburu dude do not call I that . it 's weird . cage I be gonna call you that . ( to the kitchen girl ) mind if I borrow you pen ? kitchen girl sure . cage write " 93 - kia 2:32 " on he hand . yonaburu frown . yonaburu man , you be act really weird today . cage you do not know the half of it . rita walk by , head down , in perfect slow -motion . yonaburu I do not get it . she can eat whatever she want but she come in here , like she 's gonna - watch she , distract , cage collide with one of the dog . 60 . heeler private , you do not even look at sergeant - Major vrataski . yonaburu 's eye go wide . heeler push cage . cage push back . the mess hall go still . cage right . cage swing he tray . he 's pretty fast . maybe if he be in a exojacket he might stand a chance against this guy , but he weigh half as much as any one of they . they 're all over he , cage get in one last good punch and then heeler swing , the fist connect and we CUT to : int . holovid BAY - night a slow-motion explosion . rita step through the smoke , look insanely awesome , in a earlier edition of she crimson exojacket . the image fast-forwards ... cage stand in the holobay , intently study rita 's move . he switch out holodisk and - another image of rita at the end of a battle , exhaust . a cameraman push a camera in she face as she 's drink , she hurl the bottle at the camera , the image winking out . cage shuttle back , to the frame before she hurl the bottle - cage freeze that frame . rita be beautiful . and in that one frame , she look like the loneliest person in the whole world . cage walk around the lifesize hologram , look at she closely . he study she melancholy face . she 's freeze , stand in front of he like a translucent ghost ... they face almost touch . but she 's just a holovid image . cage gesture , the image move out of still , into motion - - rita 's holovid bottle fly at cage 's face and we smash CUT to : 61. int . sparring BAY - night farell land a punch , cage barely feel it , twist and fend farell off with one hand . farell finally kick he , send he fly . cage lie on he back , frown . sgt . farell you ... have enough ? cage how do you think she get so good ? farell stand over cage , bent over , out of breath . sgt . farell who ? cage valkyrie one . the full Metal ... rita . farell sit on a bench , ease off he faceplate . he pull two apple out of he jacket . hand cage one , eat . sgt . farell you have see she fight ? cage yeah , I , uh ... watch old warvid . ( beat ) no one can move as fast as she . I do not know how she do it . farell eat he apple , think . sgt . farell prob 'ly turn off she autobalancer . cage what 's that ? sgt . farell have you sign you infirmary release ? organ donation form ? next of kin notice ? cage uh ... yeah . now farell tweak with the back of cage 's jacket . readout on the faceplate flicker as farell hack into the system - 62. sgt . farell on the island of Okinawa , when the farmer be under the tyranny of the samurai , they found karate on one simple principal : that the force of a blow be not in the muscle behind it but in the mind that could ... let go of the body . ( beat ) every muscle in the human body have a kind of control on it - something that tell it not to push too far , too fast . keeps you body from tear itself apart . ( beat ) when the okinawan learn to let go of this control , they find that a human fist could puncture samurai armor . and not suffer a scratch . he pull out a chip , shut a port . the suit momentarily wilt . then power back up . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) jacket have the same kind of control on ‘em . without it , if you be not careful , you could tear yourself to shred just by tryin ' to run too fast . the faceplate readout flash warning : autobalancer disabled . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) take a step . easy . easy . cage step , bouncing , clumsy . spring-loaded . cage this be pretty cool . sgt . farell now take a swing at that target , but I want you to - wham ! cage strike the metal , pylon - shape target - - and send himself flying across the room in the process , landing in a heap . ow . farell grin . sgt . farell ( cont 'd ) I do not turn off the pain feedback . just to keep thing fair . when cage get up , he look , the target be gone - 63 . - because it 's crumpled around he fist . a twisted fragment fall to the floor . cage wow . sgt . farell you would not want to use this on the field of battle . it 's against regulation . someone could get hurt . farell wink and we CUT to : ext . mountainous terrain - ruby tuesday cage be decimate mimic , twice as fast and twice as strong as he be before . he fight so fast and hard that it 's a spectacle ; soldier watch , stunne . cage all clear ! move out ! yonaburu damn , where would you learn to do that ? cage I have be do a lot of read . what time you get ? yonaburu ( frown ) 3:15 . cage dispatch a straggler mimic . lead the man up , out of the canyon . as they near the crest of the hill - - it 's start snowing . cage for instance , do you know that the weather be totally unpredictable ? they say a butterfly flap its wing in Australia can make enough of a difference that , on the other side of the world a month later , there might be a hurricane , all because of whether or not that butterfly be have a bad day . yonaburu what do that have to do with anything ? 64 . cage look up at the sky , watch flake of snow fall . cage I do not know . the weather 's always different . yonaburu of course it 's always different . that 's , like , the whole idea of weather . they get to a cliff . visibility be low . cage motion to several group of soldier , who all creep into position . he 's organize a ambush . cage scan the field below , he head - up binocular - style - cage now the mimic will be gather right ... cage frowns . the vale below they be empty . cage ( cont 'd ) that 's weird . soldier ( on radio ) we got ... we got a problem back here - a soldier come barreling through the snow , hysterical . soldier ( cont 'd ) it 's ... it be a trap ! they know we would be here ! they be wait for we ! the soldier explode , a javelin in he back . cage that 's impossible , it 's - - mimic close in from behind . yonaburu take a hit and fall off the cliff face - yonaburu caaaaaaage ! ( thump ) cage dammit . cage fight back with all he's got , a one - man army , push the mimic ambush back down the hill , but - 65 . tak tak spt spt spt - his autocannon run out of ammo . so do he repeater rifle - - a fresh swarm of mimic head this way , and - cage jump onto the turret of a half - exploded tank , kicking mimic away , tearing off the main cannon and use it as a bludgeon , whang ! whang ! whang ! he clean up on the six mimic , the last one run in a circle like a die cockroach . he hit it again . it 's dead . cage look at the twisted piece of metal in he hand . a idea . the smoke and blow snow clear , and a gigantic mimic stomp into view , tower least 30 feet tall . cage ( cont 'd ) what the - it swing a huge arm down , all go black and we CUT to : int . dispensary - day the dispensary be a mess ; a tiny , poorly light window on a vast world of cluttere shelf . a gaunt , prematurely bald dispensary captain watch a pornvid until - cage I need a b93 external memory unit for a beyer - michelson exojacket . dispensary captain I do not think we have - cage back there , on the fifth shelf , up top . there 's some that be not in you system - frown , the guy go and look . sure enough - dispensary captain yeah , but this be not for - cage I have the requisition order here . 66 . cage slide papers across like he 's do this 20 time , smile evenly at the Captain . the guy scan , frown . dispensary captain you be a Chief engineer ? cage yep . dispensary captain what be you go to use it for ? cage that 's classified . cage sign . the Captain notice the number " 187 " write on the back of cage 's hand , frown . cage take the mylar baggie . cage ( cont 'd ) thanks , Roy . ext . udf force base - drizzling rain - various cage walk , keep he head down in the light drizzle . rita's glass tower loom over the base like a shine needle . what happen next be a symphony of movement and synchrony . cage ( v.o. ) sarge always say there be no such thing as chance , as luck . I still do not believe he . lot of thing do not seem to follow any pattern . the weather , for instance . but other thing - it be weird just how predictable some thing could be . cage walk across the base like the proverbial rabbi walk between the raindrop . he know every movement of each person on this base swarm with busy people rush to and for . we flip in and out of slow motion as - - a guard turn and look at a piece of paper blow across the road - - cage step in front of he , just out of line of vision , neatly crossing through a checkpoint and - - stepping onto the back of a moving truck like you would catch a carousel horse . it cruise , slow , the driver shout at someone for just long enough for cage to step off the truck - 67 . - and right behind a guard , who he shadow , right behind he , and then split off , down a alley - - past a guy and girl soldier illegally necking - - and now skirt the base of rita 's tower , where several of dog company hang out at the base , tell joke - cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I would try to get through they twenty time before I realize I do not have to get through they at all . flashback CUT : to cage , fight the dog single - handedly , dying in horrible way - stabbed , beaten , stomped , thrown and dragge and we - CUT back to : cage watch from a eave as two of the dog start fight , wrestle , another shout for the other to come , laughing - cage use the distraction to slip past and into - int . engineer BAY - day rita 's crimson exojacket stand in the middle of a large workroom , look mighty , except for the leg , which be OPEN , piece strewn out on the floor . shasta riley , rita 's pigtail , overall , coke-bottle - glass - wear chief engineer , pore over the machinery . shasta be so frustrated over whatever she 's look at that she do not realize cage be stand right over her . cage wince , this part be always hard to get right - cage uh ... hi there - shasta startle , jerk up so fast that she glass fall off she face . cage catch they before they hit the floor . cage ( cont 'd ) whup - there you go . he hand they back . shasta look at he , eye big as saucer . shasta how would you get in here ? this be ... this be a classified area ... ( more ) 68 . shasta ( cont 'd ) only people with appropriate security clearance be allow in - cage I know . I just want a chance to meet the real shasta riley . Chief engineer for valkyrie one . shasta do another double - take . she smooth out a pigtail - shasta ( blush ) oh. I be actually , uh , really behind today , I uh - cage peer in at the expose machinery - cage hm. look like the external memory unit 's be damage on that thing - shasta yeah , I be try to - how would you know that ? cage just guess . you know ... that be so weird , because I just happen to have one on I . cage produce the plastic mylar baggie . shasta stare . cage ( cont 'd ) yep . that guy at the armory ? the weird bald one who be always hit on you and make you fill out extra paperwork every time you go over there so he can spend more time totally creepin ' you out ? ( beat ) I get it off of he . shasta oh. wow . she look at the dead unit she 's be try to fix - cage if you keep try to repair that thing it 's gonna take you all afternoon . a real pain in the butt . this could sure save you a lot of time - and a visit to El creepo. 69 . cage smile , hold the bag . shasta eye it , desperate . shasta what do you want for it ? cage point to the wall , where three dented battle axe hang . shasta search the wall , cage could not possibly mean - cage I want a axe . you have get extra . shasta oh ... no . you can not . I mean , that 's pure tungsten carbide monomer . it 's over two hundred seventy kilo . jacket be not make to carry a weapon that heavy , you would overload the autobalancer - cage I fight with mine off . shasta eye cage up and down . shasta oh. ( beat ) you be very unusual . cage I will take that as a compliment . int . locker room - ruby tuesday - morning everyone be suite up , kimmel get wedge into he jacket , soldier packing on ordinance . but cage be removing weapon after weapon , drop they to the floor . the number 203 be write on cage 's hand . yonaburu what the hell be you do ? cage slip on he exojacket , look at he bare , jackete arm , flex , admire it . cage lighten up . gettin ' sleek . yonaburu what be you s'pose to fight with ? a deliveryman appear with a handtruck and a battle axe - 70 . cage this . cage lean over , pick up the battle axe and we CUT to : ext . mountainous terrain - ruby tuesday - afternoon use the huge battle axe , cage fight like a berserker , make short work of the mimic at hand and - - leading the platoon to the crest of a hill , hundred of mimic below . and there 's something else with they - griff gawd-damn what the hell be that ? the mimic horde part , clear the way for something so big that it take a minute to stand upright , unfold itself . cage ( eye narrowing ) that 's a megareaver . they bring them out sometimes . they be big , but they be slow . the megareaver stand over 30 ' tall , and look like a cross between a mimic and a walking warship , glinting in the rain . ford crikey . lofting the axe , cage scream , run straight for it - - the megareaver erupting with javelin fire even while it 's raise its bludgeoning arm ... which swing down - crash ! cage diving out of its way , evade javelin , leaping onto the megareaver 's leg , clambering up - until he's on the thing be back . it reach for he - cage cleft a arm off ... the stump spraying the horrible blood everywhere , the blood killing the mimic it touch . then , with some persistence , cage hack off the head . with a gurgling roar , the thing collapse , disgorge what look like undeveloped mimic all over the battleground . cage wipe he faceplate , he armor steaming with the thing ' oily black blood . he lift he axe , rallying the soldier . cage move out ! 71 . a thousand soldier cheer . from the head - up view it 's obvious that they 've won this stage of the battle . they push onward , shoot straggler -— sgt . farell ( radio ) we get unconfirm report that sector six be clear ? cage yes sir , it be , sir . give we everything you get for sector Seven . sgt . farell I will be get -damn , son , who the hell teach you how to fight like that ? cage ( smile ) I know this mean old motherfucker . show I a few trick . ext . ruby tuesday - plateau , sector 7 the soldier reach a high plateau , other platoon , whole companie lining the ridge , while in front of they - - thousand of mimic assemble . a final showdown ? yonaburu what be you grinnin ' about ? cage I never make it this far before . I be startin ' to think we might just win this thing . ( to radio ) ready to engage ! sgt . farell ( on radio ) on you signal . cage go. cage run , leading the men straight at the mimic horde . yonaburu by he side , cage fight , deflect shot aim at yonaburu . across the plateau , the SUN start streaking through the cloud , even though it 's still raining - 72 . cage dispatch mimic , the whole area around they clear . cage ( cont 'd ) what time you get ? yonaburu 4:19 ? damn . would ya look at that . bright sunlight all around they , but thick raindrop fall . cage yeah . pretty cool , huh ? they say that mean that the devil be ... ( wince ) ow ! cage blink . he twitches . something 's wrong . the world blink out and back like a transmission get severe . cage cringe - stagger . cage ( cont 'd ) it 's ... ow , fuck ! cage 's head . it hurt . it 's kill he . yonaburu you ok , buddy ? cage something be ... argh ! cage fall to he knee , he battle - axe clanging to the ground . he tear off he faceplate , hold he head . cage ( cont 'd ) oh no . the image shudder , the SOUND warbling - - and for a millisecond cage be - back on he bunk in the barracks , thrashing - yonaburu ( in the barrack ) what the fuck be wrong with - cage spasm again and - be back on the battlefield - on he knee . yonaburu ( cont 'd ) - fuck be wrong with you ? 73. cage 's face be wrenched in pain , he 's helpless as more mimic come stream in , take out soldier . cage I be sorry buddy , I - argh ! cage collapse , spasming , and everything go tunnel - vision style , buz , warbling - - wham ! a mimic tackle yonaburu , pulling limb off like you would pull the leg off a fly - - cage lie on he back , helpless , die , as the world buzy , shudder ... and wink out . int . barracks - day cage wake up on he bunk , hold he head . he yell , enraged , kicking the wall . cage no ! no no no ! yonaburu scowl up . yonaburu what the fuck be wrong with you ? cage look around the barrack , he lip twitching . a trickle of blood come out of he nose . he wipe it away . cage I die at 4:19 . no matter what . 4:19 be when I die the first time . a horrible , sad realization come over he . cage ( cont 'd ) it 's just a loop . it do not matter what I do . yonaburu what be you talk about ? cage how could I have be so stupid ? I really think I could win . yonaburu be you ok , man ? cage walk through the barrack , step up on a footlocker . 74 . cage hey ! everybody listen up ! no reaction . cage grab kimmel 's video game and smashes it on the floor . everyone stare . cage clear he throat . cage ( cont 'd ) uh , good morning . I want to let you know that we be all go to die tomorrow . or at least , most of we will . I definitely will . ( beat ) so you should think , like really think about how you be go to spend this day . the more you prepare yourself , the harder you try to be the best soldier you can ever be , the better you be go to do tomorrow , and for that matter , the better you be probably gonna feel about whatever happen . yonaburu cover he eye , painfully embarrassed . cage ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to bum everyone out , but you gotta trust I on this one . this be probably you last chance to get it right . everyone stare at cage like he 's crazy . cage ( cont 'd ) oh , and sergeant farell get out of rehab early . he 's come down the hall right now . everyone fly into action . int . mess hall - day cage be eat by himself . the rest of the platoon sit at another table , talk , glance this way , clearly talk about he . kimmel step up , look nervous . kimmel hey . I , uh ... what you say back there mean a whole lot , man . the guy who can never fit into he suit be stare at cage with a mixture of awe and adoration . cage ah ... I be really just say all that . probably drank too much metacoffee . cage sip , scowling at the taste . kimmel sit , watch cage pile all manner of salt , syrup and whatever on the grossest pile food you have ever see . it 's disgusting . cage ( cont 'd ) gotta keep it interesting , right ? 75 . spicy sauce , of mix - up cage eat . " 214 " be write on the back of he hand . kimmel what 's ... that for ? cage it 's the number of time I have see you die . ( wiping he mouth ) it 's ok , we all do . but you usually do not even make it through the drop . the main problem be that you be too fat . they should not have let you in here . but they be out of fit soldier . kimmel want to get up , but it 's too late - cage ( cont 'd ) do not feel bad about it . that guy Davis over there ? he will not ever make it out of the drop ship . and roker ? he end up on fire , cook in he own jacket . how fuck up be that ? and Ford , he always manage to lose one of he arm . sometimes the leave , sometimes the right . it 's the weirdest thing . ( beat ) nance , on the other hand , she just totally freak around the second hour of battle . start kill everyone around she until we have to take she down . kimmel uh ... I should probably go . cage shake he head , smile , drink more metacoffee . 76 . cage you , you usually just drow , after you run away . ( chew ) I do not think drown 's all that bad , really . kimmel look like he 's gonna be sick .. kimmel uh ... why be you tell I this ? cage because it 's the one way I have figure to keep you from fight tomorrow after that speech I give . you be gonna get so freak out that you be gonna take a section eight . the guy from the infirmary be come in just now . you should get to know they . and in walk the infirmary guy . kimmel look . CUT to : ext . ruby tuesday - various in the dropship cage ride , as in the open , but he face be grim . he open he faceplate , pull out a flask of whiskey , drinking in the howling wind while farell scream at he . he offer it to the rest of the platoon , they shake they head , exchange look , and cage jump , whiskey flying - in battle cage wander the battlefield , surround by the dead and die . his radio be go wild . he tune it down , until all be silence , replace with sweeping , sad music - maybe a string quartet version of metallica 's " nothing else matter " . at a ravine cage be fill a gulley full of mimic , wound they just enough so they can not climb out . he 's clearly drunk . barrel of fuel oil dump into the ravine . the mimic be screeching to get out . 77 . he light a match to the bottle of whiskey and throws it , face lit up with the hellish glow . he look totally insane . at a dropship landing sortie cage jump from dropship to dropship , like Super mario , climb into the sky , way out over the ocean . at the high one , he swan dive - - down , down into the water . splash ! he turn , drift down , look up at the dead and die , the war machine and mimic and men hit the water and float down - cage 's pressure meter go up and up until - on a sharp peak cage run at high speed , haul a mimic up a hill , leaping - - grab a strikejet , hauling the mimic bodily along , force the jet into a needle shot : straight up , above the cloud and STORM -— - and above the atmosphere , where he can see the black edge of space and the set sun . the mimic ices over and finally explode . cage let go of the rocket , float in low - earth orbit . it's beautiful . his faceplate ice over , alarm go off . cage open he faceplate , the void rush in , and we CUT to : ext . battlefield - ruby tuesday blam ! a little video - game fighter explode in a comically violent way . game over . you score be 943,943,925 . restart - cage wander the field of battle , play kimmel' hand - held video game , pay little attention to the battle at hand . whenever a mimic come near , cage dispatch it without even look up from the game . finally one manage to make he drop the game , cage get angry . he throw himself into a horde of mimic . cage be a death dealer , kill without purpose , rhyme or reason , stand on a growing pile of dead mimic , but more and more come , he will be bury soon , when - 78 . wham , a huge - ass mimic slide into several piece as - - rita leap into the fray , fight alongside cage . cage match she move , swing for swing . cage have never fight this close to she before . rita land , strike a pose . her radio crackle - rita so. it 's cage , huh ? you jacket say you be a private . you sure do not fight like a private . cage I play a lot of video game . rita you be pretty good . cage " pretty good " ? cage fly into action , kill six mimic with one complex and insane ballet - like stroke , show off for rita . rita you one weakness be that you fight like nothing matter . something always matter . she demonstrate . it 's like she focus be always on what 's next , like she do not really hate the mimic one way or another - there be a beauty , efficiency in it . cage hammer a few mimic back . clumsy by comparison . cage I have try to fight like you . I can not . rita try . do not think about what 's next . forget about what just happen . she swing , effortlessly dispatch more . rita ( cont 'd ) you fight with you eye . you have get to fight with you heart . cage try . the improvement be immediate . mimic go fly as they fight together . they be a perfect team . 79 . soon , mimic litter the field . smoke clear . rita smile . rita ( cont 'd ) not too bad at all , private . cage well , thanks for the lesson . but I gotta go die now . cage turn to leave . two more mimic head he way - rita private cage , I have get a question . - slash ! slash ! cage flip , dispatch two at once . rita ( cont 'd ) how many loop be this for you ? cage turn , stunned . his axe fall , clatter to the ground . cage what do you just say ? he stare at she , in total shock . rita smile . rita I say how many - head up ! a megareaver charge , swinging its cutting arm and - - the world buzy , fall apart , the image of rita kill the megareaver shatter into fragment as we -— CUT to : ext . pennsylvania farmland - morning a picturesque farmhouse on a hill . wave of grain shush in the morning breeze . two horse nicker and prance by a barn , and above , the sky be bright blue , hardly a cloud . rita vrataski be lie on she bed , watch the sky , the horse . rita 's bed be in the middle of this wheat field . she sit up , rub the sleep out of she eye . look like she do not sleep too well . with some regret , rita tap a button and the horse freeze , the grain stop waving . the holovid image fade , revealing - 80. int . rita's tower - monday morning - the udf military base , the ocean , and operation go on below and out into the distance . now rita brews coffee , carefully pour steaming water over fresh grounds , yawn , in she pyjamas . the coffee brew , she hold she cup like it 's precious , look out at the base ... until a grate buzzer go off . lt . holstrom ( intercom ) knock knock . lt . holstrom , aka chief breeder , enter , clipboard in hand . lt . holstrom ( cont 'd ) good morning , valkyrie one . rita hey cb . what have you get for I ? holstrom produce a holodisk . the room darken , and now - strategic map of the island , the battle hover around they , the ocean and the base still dimly visible through the glass . holstrom debrief rita . hill and terrain and mimic concentration spin and move . she take it all in , drink . rita ( cont 'd ) let I see the sector Three ridge display again . craggy peak come into view , dot with military symbol . holstrom watch rita 's face closely as she think . she focus , mind go somewhere else . rita ( cont 'd ) they be probably go to hit the rear division . here ... and here ... lt . holstrom tac - com run the simulation and see a low probability of a rear attack - rita then tell they they simulation be wrong . ( focus ) they '1l be in the mountain . along this plateau . a lot of they ... by late afternoon , they ... 81 . she trail off , frown . rita ( cont 'd ) after that , I be not ... get anything else . now holstrom frown , worried . beat . holstrom nothing ? what do that mean ? rita I do not know . it 's probably nothing . holstrom what should I tell command ? rita tell they I be take a walk . holstrom tac - com prefer it if you do not leave the tower the day before battle , mar 'am . rita I do not care what tac - com think . int . engineering BAY / armory - day rita be except shasta memory shasta crimson exojacket hang , batter but battle - ready , for the leg , which be messily OPEN - riley hunker over the leg , remove the external unit , all pigtail , overall , coke-bottle glass - rita Morning , shasta . how 's it go ? startles , drop she glass . shasta oh ! hi ! I , uh , we be have some trouble with the anterior memory unit on v9 , but I be sure I will have it fix by this afternoon , if you - rita I just come to see if you want to get some breakfast . 82. shasta smile , always rabbit-nervous , bite she lip . shasta I would , uh , really love to , but I ... I have to get this unit fix before tomorrow . I know I should have just order a fresh one . rita wander , look at shasta 's messy table , find a cheap plastic figurine of ... herself . rita , valkyrie one . rita what 's this ? shasta ( embarrassed ) just something I get off base . I , uh , think it 's from New Taiwan . rita pick up the figurine . there 's a whole playset : axe , jacket , weaponry ... rita God . the boob be terrible ! how would I ever fit in a jacket ? shasta I know . it 's kinda weird . I should not have buy it . rita no . it 's cool . it 's funny . rita put the figurine back on the shelf . she stare up at she empty exojacket , think . rita ( cont 'd ) I ... want to say , that , if anything happen tomorrow , that you have be a great engineer . I could not do what I do without you . shasta be everything ok ? rita I be just feel a little weird today . that 's all . worried , shasta watch she go . 83. ext . training field - day rita walk , watch platoon of infantry train . her dog in loose formation around she . a army photographer catch up , festoon with camera , snap picture - photographer give we a smile , Major . come on . Big battle tomorrow , huh ? how many mimic you think you be gonna kill ? but rita 's focus be elsewhere . she notice cage' platoon fuck up a obstacle course in every conceivable way . rita what be they do ? holstrom that 's 3rd platoon , 301st division . conscript . never finish basic . they be the worst , mar 'am . rita everyone gotta start somewhere . at the obstacle course nance and ford power over a wall , nance take the opportunity to grab he ass . they fall in the mud , kick . ford hey ! nance and ford square off , a throng form - sgt . farell back ! off ! now ! nance I think I be gonna kill you , fordy . right now . Front 'a everyone . they start swinging , just as - - rita push through the hooting throng . nance land a perfect punch on ford . he stagger , twist , and swing back - rita go to catch he fist , but in a microsecond , notice - - cage stand in the throng , watch her instead of the fight . rita hesitates ... and still catch Ford 's fist - - but the force of he blow throws they both around , he fist graze she cheek just as she send he sprawling - 84 . the dog step forward to intervene - rita hold it , Shep . rita wipe blood off she lip . offer she hand to Ford . rita ( cont 'd ) you get a good right hook , soldier . now the soldier hold they ISO - pushup in a perfect line . rita walk the line of soldier , the photographer snap picture from a safe distance . a few of the dog hunker over the strain soldier , grinning evilly at they torture . rita ( cont 'd ) a jacket can not protect you from a mimic . only you mind can . the mind be the great weapon you have . in the end , it be you only weapon . one of the soldier , cage , keep stare at she . his expression very serious , almost angry . beside cage , yonaburu collapse , struggle to get back up . sgt . farell get back up , private ! rita this man 's have enough . sgt . farell yes , mar 'am . yonaburu get up , arm tremble . dog soldier smirk . rita notice cage stare up at she again . she drop into a perfect iso-pushup , right next to cage . when she look over , cage be look she dead in the eye . rita be there something on my face , soldier ? cage ( quietly ) you be a very difficult person to get to . it take I sixteen try before I remember how to do this one . 85 . rita do I know you ? cage you do not recognize I ? rita I have never see you before in my life , soldier . cage frown . he do not expect that . cage I need to talk to you . in private . rita frown , notice that " 329 " be write on cage 's hand . rita I will make you a deal . if you can hold the position longer than I , you can say whatever you want . cage Fine . the SUN beat down . one by one , soldier drop , until only cage and rita be leave . two dog soldier keep time , shaking they head . they have never see rita , or anyone else , hold a iso-pushup this long . a crowd of soldier gather , gawk . cage and rita strain to hold the position , sweat drip . rita you ... have enough ...? cage I do not ... think so ... but cage can not take it anymore . with a yell , he drop . rita 's dog whoop - shep calamity dawg win ! ooh rah ! rita get up , dust she hand off . look down at cage - rita it 's too bad . now I wanna know what it be you have to say . but a deal 's a deal . 86 . rita turn to walk away , surround by she celebrate man . yonaburu come over , help cage up . yonaburu damn , that be some crazy shit , man , I never — cage push into the throng , after rita . cage hey ! rita ! wait ! in a millisecond , cage be on the dirt , two of the dog on top of he , he wrist behind he . cage spit dirt . cage ( cont 'd ) I get a answer to you question . Three hundred twenty - nine . rita turn , frown . rita Three hundred twenty - nine what ? cage day since we meet . Times I have die . Times I have wake up again . rita 's eye go wide . rita what do you just say , private ? cage you say it be ... you call it " the loop " . rita stare , dumbstruck . rita let he go . everyone stare . even the dog look perplex . cage get up , dusting himself off , give one of the violent look . cage now you mind tell I just what the hell be go on ? dog a 87 . ext . training field - by the water cooler - day yonaburu drink , stare across the field , to where cage and rita walk , trail at a distance by the dog . griff dude . what do you think they be talkin ' about ? yonaburu no freakin ' idea . ext . base - at the fence - day rita walk in silence , face hard as stone , until they be well away from the onlooker . rita I guess you have a lot of question . she look at cage 's hand again . the number on it . tear begin roll down she face . cage be you , uh ... ok ? rita yeah . I just think I be the only one it have ever happen to . cage be you ... in the loop with I ? rita no . I get out . cage there 's a way out ? rita look out through the fence at the ocean . rita it be in the Battle of Florida . I would lie about my age when I join up . I do not know the first thing about be a soldier . CUT to : 88 . ext . rita's memory - various in the battle of florida , jacketed infantry fight mimic by the thousand . we fly over the battle , find - - rita's platoon . she 's clearly way too young to be here , keep close to she Captain , lt . arthur hendrick , a good - look , fatherly man in he late 30 - rita ( v.o. ) we do not have a chance in hell , but I be lucky , my Lieutenant be look out for I . he keep I alive while everyone else in my platoon get shred . they fight side by side - - but then lt . hendrick go down , kill by a mimic with a odd , rainbow - like sheen - rita ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he die , try to save I . I lose my head and go after the mimic that kill he . the young rita hunt down the mimic , enable by revenge and FURY alone . her exojacket be torn half away when she finally kill the thing , use she piledriver -— rita ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I kill it . and then I die . - she die , in the quicksilver blood of the antenna mimic . we see the image fall apart , then rita wake up - in her barracks , scream , in she hammock . people stare . rita ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I wake up the day before the battle have even start . I think I would go crazy . rita wander the barrack like a ghost - rita ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I must have die twenty time before I pull myself together and decide to stand and fight . on the battlefield , rita hammer mimic with a repeater rifle , snarling as she be CUT down in a spray of red - 89 . rita ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) after a while , I get better . we see lt . hendrick die a variety of death , rita weeping over some of they , fighting through the rest . rita ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be in four hundred eleven battle before I figure out how to break out of the loop . on the field of battle , rita now fight with a battleaxe - - when she see a rainbow mimic , the first one she kill , just like the one cage kill , streaking across the field - her eye narrow , she run after it and we CUT to : ext . base - by the fence cage' face , desperate to know - cage how ? rita the first time you die . tell I exactly what happen . cage I would be hit . you be there . you take my battery . this ... big mimic come up . kinda ... rainbow color . it be go to shoot you in back . I kill it . it ble on I . I die . ( beat ) it be , uh , pretty awful . rita do you remember what it be do , when it ... when you die ? cage ( frown ) yeah . this ... stuff be come of it , like little wire . I have never see one of they do that . rita you kill a antenna . while it be broadcasting . ( more ) 90 . rita ( cont 'd ) when you kill that mimic , you get tangle up in the signal . became a receiver . just like I do . cage I ... what ? rita smile . rita it 's probably easier if I show you . CUT to : int . holobay - battlevid a single jacketed human fight a mimic , we pull back , to a - spy -sat aerial view of a battle in progress . thousand of mimic flood across a field , engage with thousand of human , but we pull farther back - rita you ever wonder why the mimic almost always know where we be go to strike next ? - until all that we can see be hundred of thousand of blue and red dot converge , dissolve , repeat , almost like a mathematical equation , on abstract , 3 - D terrain . rita 's face be dimly illuminate in the holobay . rita ( cont 'd ) look . blue dot head to a position ... but red dot get there first . rita ( cont 'd ) do you see the pattern ? cage no . rita let I speed it up . now the battle scud by at high speed , the mimic pour onto the human defense force , like sand settling , shifting - rita ( cont 'd ) watch the movement . gl . and a pattern emerge : one SMALL change , then ... everything flow in a new direction . pulse from random action ... to focused order . rita ( cont 'd ) now . slow it down on that point . she scud back and forth across a shift , zooming in ... rita ( cont 'd ) the shift happen ... each time a antenna get kill . .-- we zoom in to see a single mimic , get kill by a single soldier . but at that moment , the whole mimic strategy - like grain of sand at the wider zoom - abruptly shift . rita ( cont 'd ) when a antenna die , it send out a message . to the receiver . one red dot wink out . but the blue dot find itself surround ... trapped . rita ( cont 'd ) but the message travel backwards . into the past . nine red dot converge . the blue dot be extinguished . the action rewind ... the blue dot move back from the red dot , until earlier , several red dot move from they cohort - - already heading for the place where the antenna will die . rita ( cont 'd ) it 's a perfect strategy when you think about it . you do not have to outsmart a enemy if you always know what they be go to do next . nine red dot converge . again , the blue dot be extinguished . cage so ... when I kill the antenna and it ble on I ... I become a receiver ? and now I be pick up message from ... rita ..- yourself , thirty - six hour from now . like memory , but of the future . every possible future will play out , until you break the loop . 92 . cage how ? rita we have to find the antenna you kill . the one that ble on you . before you kill it . before it send the broadcast . cage and kill it ? rita we have to get the receiver too , or it will not work at all . but yeah . that 's the idea . cage nod , he head swim . cage that 's it ? that sound almost easy . rita it 's not . they will know we be come . they will do whatever they need to kill you every time . ( beat ) they know how important you be . cage frown . cage what do you mean ? rita if you break the loop , the mimic will not be able to tell what happen next . ( beat ) you will be able to win the battle . cage 's eye go wide . rita smile . on the holovid , stream and eddie of mimic overpower human force , over and over , in a constant loop ... ext . base - night the star be bright above , as cage and rita walk across the base . the dog trail behind they , keep they distance . 93 . cage I can not believe I be really go to be free tomorrow . rita ( smile ) you will still be in the udf . across the road , officer enjoy final drink at the px . cage can see the tail end of he platoon , sneaking around back ... cage yeah , but no more headache , no more loop . I will get my life back . rita 's expression go distant . rita yeah . but I should warn you . I think be in the loop ... do something to I . sometimes I still pick up ... fragment . feeling , little thing , the day before a battle . like I can pretty much tell if someone 's go to die . ( beat ) it 's why I do not really talk to anyone the day before battle . they come to a crossroad ; rita 's tower be one way , C - company barrack , the other . rita ( cont 'd ) you should get you sleep . it 's go to be a pretty big day . cage I be wonder - you lieutenant , the one who help you . be you ever able to save he ? a terrible sadness cross rita 's face . rita no. ( beat ) I think there be some people you can not save , no matter what . rita turn and walk away . from the shadow , a couple dog give private cage the last of they suspicious look and fall in line behind she . 94 . int . barracks - night yonaburu be slump on the floor , drunk . cage stare at yonaburu , think about what rita say . yonaburu well , here he be Mr. bigshot talk to the valkyrie all day . she tell you how we be gonna win this thing ? cage yeah . I think she do . yonaburu good . semper fi , motherfucker . cage help he up , yonaburu mumble , clutching he girlfriend 's picture . it fall to the floor . cage pick it up , look at it . think . know he will be free tomorrow . know yonaburu never will . int. / ext . dropship - ruby tuesday the dropship roar , straining against the headwind . dog soldier & c-company stare at each other , while outside - rita and cage cling to the hull . rita point to the cliff teeming with mimic infantry - rita ( radio ) there . do you see ‘em ? the receiver , they be always a few row back . you can tell by the movement . nine red dot on cage 's head - up converge and divide . cage ( radio ) I see ‘em . rita let 's go . they jump . the dog follow . ext . ruby tuesday - various mimic swarm the field , come by land , sea and AIR . 95 . we slip between extreme close - ups of action , of cage and rita 's face , to wide strategic view of battle , red and blue flag dance and spin in the head - up . rita there 's a receiver . flag it . cage get it . fighting soldier stare as cage and rita fight together , mobilize the troops , jumping past rank . even rita 's dog can not keep up with they . rita and another . you see it ? cage yeah . as a team , they be unstoppable . they complement each other like perfect halve of a single fight machine . rita you be pretty good . cage you keep say that . they eye meet . smiling . they dive in , cage show off for rita . they be drive the mimic back , perform move we have never see before . it 's beautiful , watch they fight . cage ( cont 'd ) there 's two more . cage and rita fight like two people in love . the cloud be start to break , the SUN move at high speed through the sky as the battle progresses , canyon clear , mountain clear - we find cage and rita again , at the forefront of squad of victorious soldier engage the mimic in group - cage ( cont 'd ) I think I see the antenna . there . Three leave , protect something - a large , shiny mimic break cover , streaking through the rain , to the cliff where cage die the first time . rita we be almost out of time . 96 . cage we will move fast . the last three receiver converge to protect the antenna . cage ( cont 'd ) I have get this . go for the lead . cage begin fight the last receiver as - rita land in front of the antenna mimic , its iridescent , rainbow - slick armor glisten in the afternoon SUN . it pause ... and then run . rita chase , the thing deflect blow right and leave . it 's damn good . faster than the rest . every time rita let up , tiny black tendril exude from the mimic 's armor . it 's try to broadcast -— cage hammer the last receiver , dodging and weaving , hack down one , then another , while rita and the antenna fight - - it suddenly punch back , send rita flying , then jump , landing right over she . rita cage ! cage one more - cage spin in AIR , twist down as the final receiver fire multiple javelin , everything go slow as he body move in just the right configuration to evade every one - - then he bring he axe down . the last receiver be dead . cage ( cont 'd ) all clear . he see the antenna stand over rita , tendril wave - - and with a battle cry , cage hurl himself at the thing , and in a blur of armor , axe and mimic - cage stand in low battle stance . the antenna mimic slide into six piece . the piece fizzle , crackle . cage step away from the boil blood . it 's over . rita get up . cage ( cont 'd ) I be free . I be really free . 97 . rita we still have to go win this thing . cage open he faceplate , rita open hers , feel the rain . cage suddenly kiss rita . and then ... she kiss he back , harder . blue sky open behind they , like she famous poster . rita ( cont 'd ) you know what they use to call this ? when it 's raining and the sun be shine ? cage yeah . you once tell I . you say it 's because the devil be beat he ... ow . the weird buzz , the image shudder . cage blink , stagger , a sharp pain in he skull . rita be you ok ? cage I , uh ... there 's something - behind rita , along the ridge , mimic launchers begin to line the cliff . thousands of they . behind cage , too . radio «+. got massive buildup here ... never see this before ... trap ... cage turn . mimic be surround they , more arrive every second . rita 's face fall . cage something 's wrong , I ... aigh ! a terrible pain stab through cage 's head . he twitches , stumble . he look at rita , horrify . rita cage ? cage I be still in the loop . cage scream in pain as the image shift , futy to - cage be back on he bunk 98 . - have a seizure , people staring , blurry , winking out and - cage be back on the battlefield - rita 's face buzzing back into view , only now she 's crying , cradling cage 's twitching body as he die - rita cage ! cage ! cage I ... I do not think it work . cage 's nose be bleed . rita I know . I will stay with you . alarm be go off in she jacket , more and more mimic be surround the spot , by land and by air . cage you have to ... get out of here ... rita shake she head . they eye meet . she 's cry . cage ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , rita , I - but it 's lose in a hail of mimic javelin . int . barracks - monday morning cage open he eye . yonaburu clean Mrs. Smith . make sure to get every chamber , really into it , proud of he work , until he notice - cage , stare at the poster of rita , tear on he face . yonaburu what the hell be wrong with you ? cage it do not work . we do everything right , but it do not work . yonaburu what be you talk about ? cage pick up a sharpie and write 393 on he hand . cage yobo , I get a question . if you have to spend the rest of you life live the same day over and over again , forever , what would you do ? yonaburu that 's a weird fuck question , man . I dunno . probably see my girl . live happily ever after and stuff . cage that 's a pretty damn good idea . yonaburu ( frown ) do you just call I " yobo " ? cage smile , and we CUT to : ext . base - rita's tower - morning rita 's glass tower glint in the morning light . the dog be assemble around the base of rita 's tower , have just finish breakfast . two of they be scuffling , for fun , while the other egg they on . one of they - pick he tooth with a bowie knife - look up , notice - - cage , walk this way . high - noon style . heeler you be not get the clearance to be in here , kid . cage I need to see sergeant - Major vrataski , now , and you need to get out of my way . the scuffler get up , eyeing cage . heeler this a joke ? ' cos you ' bout to be in a world a' - cage move . wham ! heeler go down - shep what the - 100 . cage tear into the dog like a man possessed , fight they all at once , eye steady on the door to rita 's tower . the dog have be in battle 20 , 30 time . cage , almost 400 . even without he jacket , cage be pretty much unstoppable . in second , all the dog be on the ground . int . base of rita's tower - morning cage walk in , dusty , wiping blood off he lip , look around . a executive officer frown up at he , and - - rita come out of nowhere , swinging . cage rita ! wait ! but rita attack , hyperfast . cage can barely deflect she blow . she send he crashing down , cage spin , fight back - - but he 's no match for she . in second , she 's on top of he , hand on windpipe , fist cocked and ready to kill - rita who the hell be you ? the dog rush in , ready for bear - cage ( gag , bleed ) do not. I be ... in the loop . I kill a antenna . I be like you . rita ... rita what do you say ? cage my name 's billy cage . I ... I be in the loop . you be ... help I . rita see ... that 393 be write on cage 's hand . rita 's eye go wide - she let go , jump back like she touch a live wire . cage start coughing . the dog stare , totally confuse . holstrom walk in , cock he gun , levele at cage . lo. holstrom anyone wanna tell I just what the hell be go on here ? 101 . cage slowly salute , at attention . cage private ... William cage request permission to speak with sergeant - Major vrataski . in private . rita nod . holstrom hesitates . stands down . ext . base - day they walk , rita 's mind racing , and tear on she face . the highly confuse dog trail well behind . rita ( wiping she eye ) sorry . I be just ... use to be alone . cage I know . rita how would you ... figure it out ? cage I do not . you tell I . last time . before I die . rita nod , wiping she nose . rita we have to find the antenna you kill . and the receiver . I can show you how . cage you already do . she stop , look he in the eye , suspicious . rita then why be you ... here ? cage hesitates . he can not tell she the truth . cage because , uh ... at the last minute , I do not kill the antenna . we ... want to come back . spend the day together , just one more time . 102 . rita oh. I see . rita eye cage , wonder just what she and this private have be do , in he past , in she future . cage you , uh , wanna get some breakfast ? int . mess hall - day 3rd platoon be in the cafeteria , grimace over the chow . yonaburu I do not know ! he be cry , then he just jump up and take off like a bat outta hell . and whatever he say to the sarge musta - ( see ) sweet Jesus on a mountain . cage and rita enter the mess hall together , follow by the dog , who look just as confuse as everyone else . cage and rita stand in line the server try not to stare at they , lumping chow . cage I be sure not gonna miss the food . rita do not know what to say . she look nervous , like she 's on she first date . cage ( cont 'd ) table in the corner . just like always . they sit . rita this be weird . I feel like you must know everything about I . cage not really . I mostly know how to kill mimic . I be pretty good at that . you say so yourself . rita smile uncomfortably . they eat . 103. cage ( cont 'd ) one thing I could never figure be - why do you come eat with we ? no one in they right mind would eat this crap if they do not have to . rita I have to do something that make I feel like myself . I kinda get use to it . cage pour chocolate sauce over a pile of pickle egg . cage this be my favorite lately . " pickle egg chocolate surprise " . cage dig in . rita try some . she smile . not bad . rita Loop food . bring back memory . what about ... rita pile hot sauce on top of she oatmeal , add what look like can sardine . cage wince . she offer . he try it . cage not bad . kinda ... smoky . everyone be stare at they . cage take another bite , wash it down with a big swig of metacoffee . rita wince . rita how do you drink that stuff ? cage have not kill I yet . they eye meet . rita suddenly start laugh . cage too . all the anxious worry come off of they . now everyone be really stare . cage lean in - cage ( cont 'd ) you wanna get out of here ? ext . base - day rumor visibly spread around base , soldier go out of they way to stare at the pair as they walk , the dog behind . cage ( under he breath ) follow I . 104 . cage take rita 's hand pull she around a corner , running - ext . base - by the fence - down a alley , lose the dog , find ... the hole in the fence , right where palka always make it . cage come on ! ext . beach - day gull caw , wave crash on the shore . rita and cage walk , steal glance at each other . a sweet tension between they . rita so when we , uh , decide to not kill the antenna , and come back , be we , like ... cage we , uh , just kiss . it all happen pretty fast . rita push she hair back . no one 's around . rita I want to know what it be like . cage uh , ok . they kiss . nervous and tender . it 's possible that rita 's never kiss anyone before in she adult life . rita that be ... nice . cage yeah . rita it be weird , too . cage yeah . I guess it must be . rita look out at the ocean , feel complicated . rita why would you join up ? 105 . cage I get draft . I try everything I could to get out of it . and now ... here I am. ( beat ) the last time ... you tell I you lie about you age to get in . why ? rita I be sixteen . a farm girl . the town I grow up in , mimic scout come up river , some hunter find they . they burn my town . I lose everything - my dad , my mom . my horse . ( beat ) I guess I join the marine because I do not want to live anymore . I figure if I could kill just one mimic , that would be enough and then I could die . I do not know what I be think . but I be lucky . there be this man . Lieutenant Arthur hendrick . he find I . show I how to use my jacket . cage be you ... in love with he ? a painful look cross she face . cage ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , you just seem ... really sad about it . rita it 's ok . yeah . I be pretty sure I be in love with he . CUT to flashback : rita train with arthur hendrick . he 's handsome , late -30s , a warmth in he , not undone by the year of battle . then he 's show she picture of he wife and child . she look at he like a girl in love . rita ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I think he love I too . but he have a family , so it be different ... we never even talk about it . and besides , there be a war on . 106 . we see her winning the final battle , soldier cheering in the smoke while she weep over the body of arthur hendrick - rita ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) no matter how I play it , I could never save he . he be the real hero of that battle . he die , and I get a medal . no one ever know . - and then , on a stage , get the valkyrie Medal of honor drape around she neck . it mean nothing to she . we CUT back to : rita , sit in the sand , the same expression on she face . she wipe away a tear . rita ( cont 'd ) when I finally get out of the loop , all I want be to get back in . to have one more chance to save he . ( beat ) I would have trade the whole battle for it . cage look at she , not sure what to say . cage I be ... really sorry . I think maybe some people be just fated . rita yeah . maybe so . she look at cage . rita ( cont 'd ) would you kiss I again ? cage yeah . they lie back . on the distant shore , the low thump and glow of artillery hammer the far-off island , and we CUT to : int . rita's bunk - dawn - ruby tuesday cage open he eye . the morning sky be bright blue overhead . he 's in rita 's bed . and she bed - - appear to be in a wheat field . cage sit up , disorient . 107 . cage where be we ? rita Pennsylvania . the farm where I grow up . we have the bluest sky you have ever see . ( beat ) it 's just a old holovid . but I want you to see it . cage it 's really beautiful . rita smile , a little sadly , and get up , in she pyjamas . the holovid freeze , distort and fade , replace by - - the thick polycarbonate glass of rita 's tower . cage stare out at the island , the distant shelling , preparation for today 's battle in progress , far below . a grinder whirs , water boil , ground go into a brewing pot . cage ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? rita it 's coffee . Real coffee . some of the last in the world . she add water , the dark brew drizzle into the pot . cage I think that stuff be extinct . rita almost . there 's a island off the coast of Africa - one of the last place it will grow . I fight there once and they still have it fly in for I . it do not seem right that I should have it all to myself . she pour some into he cup . cage drink . his eye go wide . cage that 's uh ... nothing like the stuff they have in the mess hall . 108 . rita it 's probably the best cup of coffee you can get in the whole world . I mean , since no one get to make coffee anymore . you have to do it just right or it 's no good . cage you will have to show I how sometime . rita ( sadly ) I would like that . rita look down at she coffee . rita ( cont 'd ) I be wonder . the last time we ... be in the loop . you say we decide not to kill the antenna ? cage uh , no . but do not worry . we will get out this time . she search he face . she know he 's lie . rita well . I be glad we decide to come back . cage I too . they kiss , hold each other . cage look out at the beautiful vista , smile ... but something be fly this - wham ! a mimic javelin hit the tower . another volley streak in - wham ! wham ! cage and rita be thrown to the floor , she tower shuddering with the impact . the polycarbonate fracture , spider - thin crack work they way across the room - but it hold . cage pick himself off the floor , stunne . alarm start go off . below they , the base be get hammered by mimic javelin - - soldier run like ant on a upend mound as mimic erupt beneath they , the beach dark with mimic crawl from the sea - carrier and dropship engulf in flame - 109 . cage ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? rita the mimic be attack early . they know we be together . ( beat ) we have to get out of here . another javelin hit the tower , piece shatter in . rita grab cage and they pile into the elevator , the tower shuddering with multiple impact . ext . tower base - ruby tuesday they make it out , and to the engineering BAY . shasta be already there , with rita 's crimson exojacket ready - rita ( to cage ) we have to find the antenna . we be not gonna get another chance . can you make it to the armory ? cage I think so . they eye meet . shasta notice the look , and cage take off . int . armory - ruby tuesday total mayhem . sgt . farell scream at 3rd platoon as javelin tear hole in the roof of the locker room . some soldier make it to they jacket in time . some don 't. yonaburu find he jacket , but - wham ! a explosion send he fly . he pick himself up , arm bleed profusely - - he exojacket be wasted . fuck. elsewhere , cage run through the disintegrate locker room , diving , jumping through the carnage . he get to he locker - it 's destroyed - he face : all be lose . cage no! 110 . yonaburu cage ! yonaburu , spatter in blood and dust , hold cage 's jacket - yonaburu ( cont 'd ) they get mine . but I save yours . cage thanks , buddy . you be the best . yonaburu go get ‘em . ext . base - ruby tuesday cage run across the base , he head - up a useless mess of blue and red , the base in chaos - cage rita ! where be you !? rita ( radio ) right here . thoom ! rita land , the dog with she . hundred of mimic converging on this one spot . but rita fight with two axe - cut a swath - - and then throws a axe to cage , he catch it just in time , swinging just as the mimic reach he . shuck ! the mimic fall - and the battle be on holstrom call in strikejets . rita seize executive command , organize the remain human force . cage lead platoon . cornere , against impossible odd , everyone fight at they best - better than they best . - ford save nance's ass , the two teaming up - - the dog lay waste to everything in they path . shep be crush . heeler be blow in half . inu throw himself on a explode mimic to save fox . dane ignites a ammo dump , kill a hundred mimic at once - - sgt . farell find himself fight one - on-one . just how he like it , whanging mimic with a twisted piece of metal . sgt . farell let' see what you've got ! 111 . - kimmel even commandeer a dropship , flying it into the mess hall , diving and rolling free and watch the explosion . from above strikejets hail holy hell on the advancing mimic force , but the base be half - destroy . it 's not look good . cage and rita fight they way onto a heap of smoking metal , get a view of the war-torn base . rita there . and there . do you see they ? nine red dot be flagge white . cage nine of ‘em , check . rita we do not have much time . cage kill a receiver - wham . rita kill another - wham . they move in perfect mirror image of each other . one , two , three mimic receiver go down . everyone go down a different way . each one be harder to kill than the last . the antenna always watching , retreating , hiding - the last two receiver take flight , cage and rita hunt they down , merciless and unstoppable , find themselves in - the smoldering crater of the mess hall the rainbow - colored antenna mimic scuttle into the wreckage . rita heave back a hunk of smoking dropship - - the antenna mimic leap , knock she back , and be on cage in a flash . cage fight back , but this mimic know he every move . a screeching blur of limb and javelin fire . cage be knocked back , wham ! wham ! blood hit the inside of he plate as he goe down - as the blood bead and trickle off , cage look up at the spin barrel of the mimic 's javelin arm . it 's go to kill he now . whack ! rita hit it from the side . the antenna fly through the air in slow motion , tendril flaring - 112 . - as across the base thousand of mimic stop attacking . soldier be leave scratch they head as mimic detach , racing across the base to one point : to the mess hall crater - back with cage and rita - where the antenna land and launch itself at rita , they blows keeping they both airborne until - it kick rita's faceplate , shatter it . she scream , lose grip on she axe - rita fall to the ground . the axe fall nearby . javelin pepper the area until a hunk of dropship fall across her leg , pinning her to the ground - the mimic land , stand over she , vibrate with power - - its javelin arm levele at rita 's unprotect face . she glare up at it , gritting she tooth . rita ( cont 'd ) do it , you bastard . a electrical arc zap between the mimic and rita , then the antenna mimic ... chiteer , the whirring stop . then it back away , look for cage - rita ( cont 'd ) no ! - the mimic whirl , too late . wham ! cage 's axe swing , cut into the mimic , black blood flying , but it 's not deep enough . the mimic screech , fight back in a blur , but cage block its every strike . with no other option , the mimic start to shudder , a tachyon charge building - - cage swing and the mimic fall , crackling , shorting out - dead . cage be on he knee , exhaust . alarm go off in cage 's head - up . thousand of mimic will be here any second . he go to rita , open he faceplate . cage be you ok ? 113. rita yeah . get this thing off of I . cage strain , lift the fall piece of dropship and freeing she , help she up . rita ( cont 'd ) thanks . they kiss , urgently . the SUN be streaking down , rain , too . cage we do not have much time . you have to get out of here . killing the antenna ... it do not work . we already try it . I do not know why , but they be still come . I do not think there 's any way out for I . mimic have begin to line the rim of the crater . more arrive every second . cage ( cont 'd ) I ... I be sorry I lie . I just want to be with you . it be the only way I know how . ( beat ) I love you , rita . rita pick up she axe . rita I love you , too . rita swing , hit cage with the flat of the axe - knocking cage back 20 yard . he sit up , hold he jaw . cage what the hell be that for ? rita I figure it out this morning . she walk towards cage . he scramble back . she look up at the crater rim , she head - up thick with on - rush mimic come from every angle . rita ( cont 'd ) it 's I . they be use I . cage what ? 114 . rita whatever the loop do to I , it turn I into a receiver . she swing she axe , cage roll - rita ( cont 'd ) as long as I be alive , you loop will not end . cage grab he axe , deflect her blow , back away . rita ( cont 'd ) you have to kill I . or you will never be free . cage be you out of you mind ? rita I be the last receiver . rita hammer cage . cage parry , back away . cage I can not ... I be not gonna fight you . rita then you will have to loop again until you get it through you thick skull . it 's you they be after . you win the battle . not I . cage no ! rita I have watch you fight . I have see what you can do . cage kick she away . the edge of the crater be line with mimic - but they do not attack - they wait . cage I be not gonna kill - aigh ! cage stagger . his head . the image shift , buz , like he 's go to loop again . he yell , the world come back - rita it 's the only way out . cage no , I will not - 115 . rita you have to . but rita give he everything she 's get . she 's swinging at he , forcing he to protect himself . cage deflect blow as best he can , backing , rolling away . but rita leap — - and with a yell , cage raise he axe , warding her off , she miss a parry and - - cage 's axe slice into rita . she fall . badly injure . cage rita ! no ! he throw he axe down . run to she . she push herself up , over on she back . blood gush out of a gash in she side . cage cradle she . rita you will be ... free now . cage I can get you help . we can get out of this together - rita shake she head , cough , smile . rita dying 's not that bad , once you get use to it . cage rita ! the image distort , sputter one last time - and be normal . the rain be come down . the sun be shine . cage stand , pick up rita 's axe , wiping he face . he look at the mimic horde . he raise the axe and run into the horde with a battle cry . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) rita be right . about everything . we see cage 's head - up , blink red , but as he fight we see the onrush front of mimic fracture , eddy as - on the field of battle soldier under attack watch as some mimic start run in the wrong direction , other even start attack each other . 116 . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) at first a few stop work right . but pretty soon , they just fall apart . farell watch as everywhere the mimic fall into chaos . some still attack , but the synchronous volley , the order front line be go ... from order wave , to swarm , to noise ... the sky be a hellish red as cage clean up . the look in he eye - insane with grief , exhaustion . he do not stop . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I keep fight long after the battle be over . ext . base - wednesday morning in the early morning light , the base be smoking , ruin . cage stagger through the wreckage . yonaburu and several officer trail cage at a distance , afraid to come close . cage 's exojacket be blacken , dent . cage finally drop he axe , with a clang , and fall to he knee . cage ( v.o. ) I do not even remember when they find I . prelap : tap begin to play . ext . military funeral - island - day a funeral procession stretch out across the base . a million soldier watch , and people across the world watch as rita's funeral bier be march across the island . on a vast stage , surround by colonel and major of every stripe , cage be award the valkyrie Medal of honor . the second person in history to receive this privilege . cage ( v.o. ) we would win the battle of Ruby Tuesday . I be a hero . cage look like the saddest person in the whole world . cage ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but it do not matter . nothing do . rita be go . 117 . ext . base - another day the base be still ruin , but full of live human digging out , make repair . bandaged soldier watch newscast about the battle of ruby tuesday . int . engineering BAY - day cage 's exojacket stand in the center of a workshop . yonaburu , he arm in a sling , be painting cage 's jacket bright blue , like you would detail a car . he stand back , admire he work . cage step in . cage I like it . yonaburu I do not know , man . you be gonna make a pretty easy target . I be think we could put some flame on there - cage no . I like the blue . ( beat ) I bring you something . cage toss yonaburu he new medal . yonaburu frown . cage ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) there 's you gold star . keep it . int . rita's tower - day cage ride the elevator up into rita 's break tower . he have to step past warning tape to get to she room . the spill coffee . the bed just how they leave it . he stand there , look out at the clear blue sky . there 's a knock . it 's shasta riley . she salute . cage nod . shasta uh ... hi there . they say you be up here again . cage hi shasta . 118 . shasta the morning of the battle , when rita get she jacket , she , uh , want I to ... to give you this . in case anything happen . she hand he a envelope . cage frown . cage thanks . shasta I miss she so much . cage I do too . she nod and exit . cage open the envelope . letter ( v.o. ) how to make the best cup of coffee in the world : handwritten instruction . at the bottom of the instruction - letter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I love you . always fight with you heart . now cage be pour the boil water over the grounds , follow the instruction . cage drink the coffee , stare out at the base . distant alarm start go off . cage frown . yonaburu come in , out of breath , he ran here - yonaburu cage . I think I would find you here . Alaska 's under attack . we gotta move out . cage nod , put the coffee down . he smile . cage right . let 's go win this thing . the end .