untitled cameron crowe December , 1998 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary untitled 1 fade in 1 a close - shot of a yellow legal tablet . a young hand come into frame , hold a pencil . for a few moment , we hear only the soft scratch of pencil on paper , as credit be write in a series of dissolves . the hand carefully erase and correct a error or two along the way . and then the sound of a old friend ... the warm crackle of a vinyl record ... as we now hear Alvin and the chipmunk ' " Christmas song . " 2 ext . pacific ocean -— - day 2 a lone palm tree rise up into a yellow afternoon sky . behind it , the sparkling blue of the Pacific Ocean and the city of San Diego . a dry , hot Southern California day . even the wind be lazy , and a little bored . 3 ext . neighborhood shopping CENTER -— day 3 Santa Claus wear short and sandal , ringing a bell as he collect for the salvation Army . this be Christmas in the southland . no snow , no winter wonderland . just a pleasantly thick heat and a unchange season , as music continue . turn the corner , walk into frame be elaine miller , 35 . she be a tall woman , consume by the fevere conversation she 's have with she pale young son william , late pre-teen . they stand apart from the other shopper . all around they be the highly - charge salesmanship of the season ... silver glitter fake Christmas tree . she hurry she son through the commercial juggernaut , continue they lively intellectual conversation , when something stop she . a workman be affixing letter to a store - front . he have already place the merry ... now he 's finish the XMAS . Elaine be strong , but always pleasant , always clear about she purpose in this life . elaine Excuse I , I be a teacher . there be no word in the English Language -- " Xmas . " it 's either merry Christmas ... or happy holiday . the workman nod thanks , with faux appreciation , as Mom turn away . the workman share a look with William , who shrug — that 's my Mom . title : 1969 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 4 ext . mini - tract condo complex -— - day 4 this be the new professional - class . it 's a mini-condo community . row of Spanish -styled three - bedroom house with common wall . move in on one of this home , the one without Christmas light . at the door be a furtive 15 year - old girl . she check she cheek , straighten she hair . she hide something under she coat , and gather the proper nonchalance to enter . Music fade . 5 int . kitchen —- day 5 we now hear the dialogue between this lively mother and she son , as she cook a pan full of soy- base health - food cutlet . the meal simmer unappetizingly in the pan . across the kitchen we see William . he 's a great listener , with a calm and curious face that take everything in . william - so livia - elaine -- kill everyone off so she son tiberius could inherit the throne . ( thoughtful pause ) just like Nixon . William nod , intrigue . he have a good disposition . the world of knowledge engage he , and he love what it bring out in he Mom . there be a small clatter at the front door , as the girl we have just see enter , barely brush some chime . she silently curse herself . elaine ( cont would ) anita , be that you ? anita' voice hey Mom ! I already eat . Mom move to the live room to greet William 's sister . William peer into the next room . 6 int . live room -- day 6 she 's almost to she bedroom down the hall when mom catch she . we now discover anita , 16 , up -close . she be a allure young Natalie Wood , with a suspicious and sunny smile . elaine you sure ? I be make soy cutlet . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the word " soy cutlet " send a small shiver through the girl . anita I be fine . already eat . William stand in the doorway now , watch , monitoring , as Mom move closer to he sister . she see something curious about she daughter . elaine wait . you have be kissing . anita ( too quickly ) no I have not . elaine ( peer at she lip ) yes ... yes , you have ... anita no I have not . elaine yes you have . I can tell . anita ( boldly ) you can not tell . Mom step closer and examine the lip even more carefully . to she , everything be a quest for knowledge . elaine not only can I tell , I know who it be . it 's darryl . anita be stunne silent . she turn slightly to look at herself in a hall mirror , search for clue , implicate herself immediately . elaine ( cont would ) and what have you get under you coat ? this be the booty anita do not want to give up . Mom pick at the corner of a album cover now visible under she jacket . she withdraw the album . it 's Simon and garfunkel 's bookend . anita ( bust ) it 's unfair that we can not listen to script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary we music ! elaine ( weary of the issue ) honey , it 's all about drug and promiscuous sex . anita Simon and garfunkel be poetry ! elaine yes it 's poetry . it 's the poetry of drug and promiscuous sex . look at the picture on the cover ... close on bookend album cover Mom 's finger at the edge . we examine the insolent face on Richard avedon 's classic album cover . even Simon and garfunkle look guilty under she scholarly inspection . elaine ( cont would ) honey , they be on pot . anita first it be butter , then sugar and white flour . ( beat ) Bacon . egg , bologna , rock and roll , motorcycle . nearby , William squirm as he watch the gently escalate conversation . anita glance at she brother . he silently urge she to downshift . she can not . anita ( cont would ) then it be celebrate Christmas on a day in September when you know it would not be " commercialize . " elaine that be a experiment . but I understand — anita what else be you go to ban ? elaine honey , you want to rebel against knowledge . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary elaine ( cont would ) I be try to give you the cliff 's Notes on how to live in this world . anita ( simple and direct ) we be like nobody else I know . this be the word that sting Mom most . elaine I be a teacher . why can not I teach my own kid ? ( pat chest ) use I . anita darryl say you use knowledge to keep I down . he say I 'ma " yes " person and you be try to raise we ina " no " environment ! elaine ( immediately , can not help it ) well , clearly , " no " be a word darryl do not hear much . anita gasp . ever the peacemaker , William weigh in . nearby be a poster —- " no more War . " william Mom —- elaine everything I say be wrong . anita I can not live here ! I hate you ! even William hate you ! william I do not hate she . anita ( to William ) you do not even know the truth ! William look vaguely confuse . elaine script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sweetheart , do not be a drama queen . anita take a breath and then out of she mouth come the strangle - sounding word of a kid swear at she parent for the first time . anita feck you ! all of you ! elaine hey ! anita run down the hall to she room . Elaine turn to William , relate to he more as a fellow parent than a child . elaine ( cont would ) well , there it be . you sister use the " f£ " word . william I think she say " feck . " elaine ( sputtering ) what 's the difference ? william ( encourage ) well . the letter " u " ... shot move in on the kid , as we hear the open strain of the moody blue ' " Night in White satin . " 7 int . school dance / gymnasium bathroom -- night 7 Music continue . shot move along a row of very mature - look male teenager , examine themselves in the bathroom mirror . there 's the kid with a very mature - look moustache , the kid proudly sport full - blow hormonal acne ( he slap on some Hai karate ) , the guy to whom puberty have already deliver the face of a adult , complete with long jutting sideburn ... and then a blank space at the mirror , as the shot move down , down , down to find William . he be so much young , without a zit in sight . puberty be so very distant on he horizon . 8 int . dance -- night -- under-cranked 8 song continue as we see William 's perspective of this much - older look kid . Girls now be visible , and they be even more mature than the boy we have just see . they flirt and glow , arm trail across the shoulder of the boy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary whisper in each other 's ear , none of they look down . it 's a troubling experience , to be this close to the allure world of older teenager ... and to be so invisible to they . voice ( 0o.s . ) be you really in we grade ? 9 int . junior high locker room —- day 9 voice ( louder ) be you really in we grade ? William turn to see tall , adenoidal tim tobin . the most mature look kid we have see yet , he challenge William in a loud theatrical tone . it be a voice right out of guy and doll , which incidentally be the school play in which tobin have just star . William answer in a respectful voice . he be desperate for acceptance . william yeah . tobin hey guy ! check it out ! William do not have any pube ! other now begin to gather around , examine William . he have never be more naked . guy # 1 how old be you man ? tobin he 's not a man , he 's a little baby kid . he do not even get zit yet . guy # 2 how come you do not have any hair down there ? tobin ( in loud , funny voice ) where be you pube ???!! they voice echo off the tile wall . now everyone be watch the hairless William . he be confuse by they meanness . guy # 2 yeah . where be you pube ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary all eye be on he , wait for a response . the kid 's mental wheel turn frantically . and from somewhere come a attitude , a swagger , and somehow the perfect line arrive from what could only be a merciful deity . william ( cool , dismissive ) I have them . JI shave them off . it be a new persona for the kid -- the witty guy . and it work . guy # 2 crack up , then other . William 's new accuser be suddenly surround by the impressed gale of laughter of this older boy . other turn away , on to other thing . tobin stare at William , and then also turn away . 10 int . family car —- day 10 William jump into the backseat of the white Ford country sedan station wagon , carry book . ( " see ya pube ! " ) Mom continue drive William and anita home from school . elaine ( cheerfully , by rote , to William in back ) put on you seatbelt . I do not want you fly through the windshield . anita examine she own un - fastened seatbelt , which Mom have not notice . william we get we annual today --— elaine ( cheerful , automatic ) " received " you annual . william ( look at he photo ) I look so much young than everyone else . elaine enjoy it while you can . camera drift from Mom to anita , who can take it no longer . anita Mom . it 's time . elaine script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( pleasant , point ) can this wait until we get home ? anita Mom , pull over . tell he the truth . tell he how old he be . Mom pull over , and stare straight ahead with deep irritation . elaine ( as in " be quiet " ) he know how old he be . anita the other kid make fun of he because of how young he look . nobody include he . they call he " the narc " behind he back ... william they do ? elaine what 's a " narc ? " anita ( bleed for she brother ) a narcotics Officer ! elaine well what 's wrong with that ? william ( ever the peacemaker ) come on you guy . it 's no big deal . I be 12 . it 's okay . she skip I a grade , it 's okay . Big deal . I 'ma year young . they're 13 , I be 12 - — - ( beat ) be not I ? they silence be eloquent . elaine ( confess , in a rush ) I also put you in first grade when you be five and never tell you . william ( tremble ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary so ... I be ... how old ? a heavy quiet . she and he sister ignore he , as they now debate the subject with each other . anita you lie to he ! you make such a big deal about the truth and you lie ! elaine ( that one hurt ) he never ask . anita what -- like he 's go to ask if he 's as old as he think he be ? do not you realize , this be go to scar he forever ? elaine honey ... sweetheart ... do not be cleopatra . we have to be he mother and he dad . anita you put too much pressure on he ! william ( apprehensive ) how ... old ... anita and when he rebel in some strange and odd way , do not blame I . william be I ? elaine ( matter of fact ) I skip you a extra grade . you be eleven . william ( horrify , voice crackle ) eleven ? he look at he body , the information affect he physically . New sound come from way down deep inside . Mom now begin speed - rapping , try to stem the leak . she start the car . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary elaine so you skip fifth grade . there 's too much pad in the grade . I teach elementary school . 5th grade - unnecessary . nothing happen in the 5th grade . all teacher know it , no one talk about it . william ( still in shock ) E - leven . elaine and you skip kindergarten because I teach it to you when you be four . william ( still horrify , look at he body ) this explain ... so much ... anita you have rob he of a adolescence ! elaine adolescence be a marketing tool . anita he 's get no " crowd " ... no friend ... william okay ! anita reach out to she brother . with the compassion of a saint , she offer this : anita honey , I know you be expect puberty . you be just go to have to shine it on for a while . deeply embarrassed , William shrink down in the seat . monitor he face constantly . she be raw and sincere ... yes , inspiring : elaine who need a " crowd ? " you be unique . you be two year ahead of everybody . take that extra year and do what you want . go to Europe for a year ! take a look around , see what you like ! follow you dream ! Mom and script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you will still be the youngest lawyer in the country . you own great grandfather practice law until he be 93 . you dad be so proud of you . he know you be a pronominally accelerate child . anita what about I ? elaine ( heartbroken , can not help herself ) you be rebellious and ungrateful of my love . anita well , somebody 's gotta be normal around here ! william ( blink , still can not believe it ) eleven . 11 int . william' bedroom -— day 11 William finish the last of many candy bar . a mound of wrapper sit just below the mirror . he examine he face hopefully for zit . nothing come . we begin to hear Simon and garfunkel 's " America . " 12 int . live room - day 12 anita stand in the live room . the song continue play on the stereo . anita I want to play you a song that explain why I be leave , and try to listen . elaine we can not talk ? we have to listen to rock music ? 13 ext . front lawn -— day 13 William watch sadly . anita 's good - look boyfriend darryl , a dead ringer for young Stephen still , load she suitcase into a large turqouise chevy . the suitcase be adorn with plastic stick - on flower . all coolness be leave William 's life . Mom watch nearby , worried and helpless . ( they house script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary be more austere , less " fun " than the other front lawn . ) william take good care of she in San Francisco , man . darryl give the kid a sub-human look . he 's invisible , too young to converse with . elaine how can she leave such a loving family ? anita turn and head towards they . she focus on William , place she hand on he young shoulder . her face be very close to he now , as she deliver this sage prediction of the future . anita one day you will be cool . he nod stoically , hopefully . he be utterly lose . she lean forward and whisper in he ear . anita ( cont would ) look under you bed . it will set you free . anita shake hand with Mom , and exit . as the car take off : elaine she will be back . in the distance we hear the whoop of she daughter . anita yeahhhhh-hoooooooo . elaine maybe not soon ... William watch wistfully . he move away from he mother . she pull he closer . shot move in on he slightly fearful face . 14 int . darryl' car — day 14 anita look back at the recede american gothic-image of she mother and brother . sister wave to brother . she feel for he . Music now shift to the who 's " spark . " 15 int . bedrooom —- night 15 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William lock the door . he reach under he bed . it 's a black leatherette travel bag , with tartan design . he unzip the bag -- it 's fill with album . he flip through the amazing , subversive cache of music . cream 's wheel of Fire ... the seminal Bob Dylan bootleg great White wonder ... the Rolling Stones ' get yer ya ya 's out ... the Beach boy ' Pet sound ... abraxas by santana ... jethro tull 's stand up ... the mother 's of invention 's we be only in it for the money ... led Zeppelin ... crosby , still and nash ... mile Davis ' bitches brew ... and the who 's Tommy ... with a note tape to it . anita ( v.o . ) " listen to Tommy with a candle burn and you will see you entire future ... " the heady effect of all this album register , as we see he lighting a candle . title : 1973 detail shot of notebook a blue school notebook , with ballpoint pen renderings of the name of group like the who and led Zeppelin , complete with carefully draw thunderbolt . also , the name lester bang . 16 int . journalism CLASS --— day 16 William , now 15 , sit in class with book , adventure in journalism . his hair be shoulder - length . a dedicated teacher , patricia deegan , walk the aisle . Music continue . 17 ext . food machine -— day 17 William press the food machine button , pull a orange from a vend container . he still look young than most of the student ... and this day , especially the girl . 18 ext . lunch court —- day 18 William sit apart from all the other , under a tree . he read intently , happily , as he eat the orange . it 's a copy of creem Magazine . Music continue . close on photo in magazine camera move across the photo , catch the expression and fashion of the rock heroes of the day . Ian Anderson of jethro tull , eye wide and hair fly as he play flute . Neil Young , enigmatic with perfectly patch Levis . the Southern rock royalty script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary of the allman Brothers Band , pose and laugh in front of massive stack of amp . Marc bolan of T. rex , he ringlet - hair backlit by stage light . David bowie in skin-tight japanese one - piece attire , onstage with the spider from Mars . Pete townsend of the who , slashing windmill - style at he guitar . drift down to a by-line - by lester Bangs . 19 ext . parking lot — day 19 William walk through the parking lot after school . everybody now congregate around the new arrival of they life - they own car . arm suddenly clap William on the back , friendly face smile strangely , laugh . he take a few step and look up to see ... a school official be hurriedly remove something from the high -school marquee . high -school marquee which read : william miller be too young to drive ( or fuck ) all be laugh . he laugh with they , and turn as he face go slack . he shrug , march on . 20 ext . downtown san diego radio station —- day 20 the song we have be listen to be rip off the turntable by a highly - active man in a red promotional t-shirt proclaim the greatness of the guess who . he be a ferocious , lumber , music — drive presence , and he fill this small radio studio to the very brim . this be lester bang , 25 , the rarely - see God of a then new art - form —- rock journalism . a disc—jockey with long - long hair watch helplessly . William view all this through a glass window . he stand on the corner of a downtown side street , halfway up a steep incline . he be the only person on the street this early Saturday morning . reveal that he be watch a live radio show , audible to we through the small p.a. speaker overhead . disc - jockey quite a honor to have the World 's greatest rock critic ... and editor of creem Magazine , back Home in San Diego for a few day -- lester Bangs . lester bang what be this hippie station ?! where 's iggy pop ? do not you have a copy of Raw power ?! disc -jockey script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary lester , be not it a little early for this ? Bangs search for the album -— - vinyl fly everywhere now , with no regard for album jacket . bang found it !! 21 ext . radio station —- day 21 William watch intently . Bangs thud the needle onto a copy of Raw power . we be reward with a blast of iggy and the stooge ' " search and destroy . " a closer shot on William now watch the whirlwind of anarchy inside . lester do a iggy pop impression , act out a story for the d.j. that we cannot hear , never notice the kid soaking in everything from the other side of this double - glass window . 22 ext . radio station —- day -- later 22 Bangs walk with William on this sharply inclined San Diego street . it 's early , the street be silent . Bangs be about fifteen beer pound overweight . his jeans be loose , he paleness and messy moustache a emblem of the long day and night spend write . in there somewhere be a good-look guy . his hand be thrust deeply into he pocket , and he take big sweeping step . bang so you be the one who 's be send I that article from you school newspaper — william I have be do some stuff for a local underground paper , too . bang what be you like the star of you school ? william they hate I . bang you will meet they all again on they long journey to the middle . the kid nod , they walk . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary bang ( cont would ) well , you write be damn good . it 's just a shame you miss out on rock and roll . william I do ? bang oh yeah . it 's over . william over ? bang over . you get here just in time for the death rattle , the last gasp , the last grope . william well . at least I be here for that . Bangs look at the much smaller kid , shaking he head . it 's too late for newcomer . but if the kid 's age be a issue , he do not mention it . like a machine - gun : bang what do you type on ? william Smith -corona galaxis deluxe . bang you like the new Lou reed ? william ( automatic ) the early stuff . the new stuff , he 's try to be bowie , he should be himself . I be not a big Lou man . bang yeah , but if bowie 's do Lou , and Lou 's do bowie , Lou 's still do Lou . william ( stand he ground ) if you like Lou . bang script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary take drug ? william no . bang smart kid . I use to do speed and sometimes nyquil and stay up all night write and write , like 25 page of dribble about , you know , the guess who , or coltrane , just to write , you know , with the music blast ... william I too . the write part ... for a moment , the serious demeanor dissolves and the oddest thing happen . Bangs laugh . it 's a odd and charming laugh , the kind a tough guy keep well - hide . it surprised the kid , who smile back . Bangs stop at the corner , and offer a pleasant but very final nod of the head . bang well , alright . it 's be nice to meet you . I will see you around . keep send I you stuff . william okay . see you . bang I can not stand here all day talk to my many fan . wide shot —- solitude but neither have anywhere to go on this early downtown morning . they stand for a beat , hand in pocket , on this desert street . they be alone together , there 's nobody else in sight . 23 int . diner -— day 23 William listen intently as lester eat a sandwich . his face be a open book fill with word . bang -— - so anyway , you be from San Diego and that 's good . because once you go to L.A. , you be gonna have friend like crazy but they will be fake friend , they be gonna try to corrupt you . the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary publicist ! the band ! you get a honest face , they be gonna tell you everything . but you cannot make friend with the rock star . the kid take out a green collegiate notebook and gesture —- can I make a note ? Bangs nod . bang ( cont would ) can not make friend with the rock star . ( savage bite ) that 's what 's important . if you be a rock journalist , a true journalist -- first you will never get pay much . but you will get free record from the record company . the kid 's eye widen . Bangs , in direct conflict with he brutal write style , be look suspiciously like a compassionate softie . bang ( cont would ) and they will buy you drink , you will meet girl ... they will try to fly you place for free .... offer you drug ... I know . it sound great . but they be not you friend . this be people who want you to write sanctimonious storey about the genius of the rock star and they will ruin rock and roll and strangle everything we love about it . privately , William thrill . we. we . it all sound great to he . he listen to the grouping of the word , every one of they . he madly scribbles . bang ( cont would ) they be try to buy respectability for a form that be gloriously and righteously — the kid lean forward as lester find the right word . bang ( cont would ) - dumb ! and you be smart enough to know that . and the day it cease to be dumb be the day it cease to be real . right ? and then it will just become a Industry of cool . william Industry ... of ... cool ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary bang and that 's what they want ! and it 's happen right now . I be tell you , you be come along at a very dangerous time for rock and roll . the war be over . they won. 99 % of what pass for rock now ... silence be much more compelling . it 's over . I think you should turn around and go back and be ... a lawyer or something ... but I can see from you face that you will not . I can pay you thirty - five buck . gimme a thousand word on Black sabbath . william ( attempt cool ) a assignment . lester yeah . and you should build you reputation on be honest ... and unmerciful . william ( write in notebook ) honest ... unmerciful ... bang and if you get into a jam -- call I . I stay up late . Bangs reach across the table , and William watch as he scribbles he number on the back of the kid 's green collegiate notebook . the notebook have just become valuable . they sit together , listen to the beautiful and compelling silence . 24 int . family car —- night 24 Mom drive William to the San Diego Sports Arena . she look out the window at the adrenalize concert-goer . she feel protective not just of she son , but a entire generation . William go over he question for Black sabbath . elaine look at this . a entire generation of cinderellas and there 's no slipper come . William look out the window at the sign : tonight - sold out - black sabbath with special guest stillwater . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william you can drop I off here . elaine Black . sabbath . just remember - you want to be atticus finch in to kill a mockingbird . the kid do not answer . he silently go over he question . elaine ( cont would ) as long as I know this be just a hobby , I will go along with it . william all I have to do be listen . that 's what lester Bangs say . elaine ( dryly ) I will be wait right here at eleven ‘o clock sharp . if you get lose , use the family whistle . he unhook he seatbelt , stuff he question into a orange canvas shoulder - bag and exit . Elaine watch she son disappear into the stony rock - concert crowd . it 's a windy night . everything about this image trouble she . she fight with herself , and then use the family whistle immediately . he turn . elaine ( cont would ) ( sweetly , too loud ) do not take drug !! Fifteen concert-goer turn around instinctively , at the sound of a mother , and then identify William as the object of she concern . all around he , we hear : happy concert goer do not take drug !! he wince , nod and move forward . Music echoe from the open window of many other car . 25 ext . san diego sport arena backstage ramp -— night 25 the kid tromp down the steep incline lead to a small steel backstage arena door . he ring the buzzer . the door wheeze script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary open to reveal the keeper of the San Diego Sports Arena 's backstage list . famous to all that who attempt to enter , this be scotty . he be a wiry , humorless man for whom powerlessness be the theme of he life -- except for that few hour he control the list . scotty be only forty but everything about he scream that he 's a angry sixty . william hi. I be William Miller and I be here from creem Magazine to interview the band Black sabbath . scotty , immediately suspicious , move to a nearby podium and snap through three clipboard page . he move back to the door and grab the handle . scotty not on the list . he shut the door with finality . the kid stand silently for a moment . he look over he shoulder , at two chatter groupy watch he dilemma from the top of the ramp . they look at he sympathetically , but he turn away . William ring the buzzer again , withdraw a copy of creem from he bag . the door open . william Sir , I be a journalist , and here 's a copy of the magazine . the magazine hang in mid-air . scotty you be not on the list . go to the top of the ramp with the girl ! slam . William stand there for a moment . unsure of what to do next , he look back to the top of the ramp . rejected by he just moment earlier , the groupy now feign disinterest . brace himself , William ring again . the door open slowly this time . scotty stand peer at he . william ( in a rush ) what - happen - after - I - go-to-the-top -of - the-ramp with - the- gi - slam . lock . 26 ext . top of sport arena ramp -—- night 26 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William inch into the realm of the girl at the top of the ramp . the wind whip . it 's just he , and two groupy in they evening best . they now pretend to barely notice the young journalist who have be banish to stand with they . chatter excitedly , with sophistication far beyond she 17 year , be estrella . she sport long unruly black hair . her partner hang in the shadow , adjust shoe . estrella turn to the kid with great disinterest . estrella who be you with ? william ( embarrassed to be alive ) me? I be with myself . estrella no , who be you with ? what band ? william I be here to interview Black sabbath . ( beat ) I be a journalist . I be not a ... you know ... estrella stare at he . move into the parking lot light , introduce herself , be a luminous girl in a green faux - fur trim coat . this be penny lane . there be a invite warmth and real interest in the way she ask : penny lane you be not a what ? william ( enthralled ) oh ... I be just ... not a ... you know . penny lane not a " what " ? william ( charme ) you know . a " groupie . " the two girl be deeply insulted by the word . estrella ohhh ! william sorry , I - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny lane we. be not . " groupy . " estrella indicate penny with great reverence . estrella this be penny Lane , man . show some respect . william -- sorry . penny step closer , focus completely on the kid . behind she , concert - goer throw a few woo - woo they way . she seem not to hear they . penny lane " groupy " sleep with rock star because they want to be near someone famous . we be here because of the music . we be Band aids . estrella she use to run a school for Band aids . penny lane we do not have intercourse with this guy . we support the music . we inspire the music . we be here because of the music . William be nodd like a doll in a dashboard window . listen . estrella Marc bolan break she heart , man . it 's famous . penny lane it 's a long story . I be retire now . I be just visit friend . estrella she be the one who change everything . she say " no more sex , no more exploit we body and heart ... " william right . right . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary estrella " j... just blow - job , and that 's it . " william okay . well , see , now I get the difference . shot drift off he and pick up , out of the darkness , another breathless girl teeter on tall shoe . she be in the vicinity of 16 . her black hair be cropped short and die red , just like the cover of bowie 's aladdin sane . she be polexia , the voluptuous one , from Riverside . polexia ( the usual greeting ) it 's all happen . it 's all happen . estrella polexia !! do you tell sabbath we be go to be here ? polexia I talk to Dick with stillwater , I talk with sabbath . they be all die to see we . it 's all happen . penny lane this be we journalist friend . journalist friend , meet estrella Starr , and polexia aphrodisia . and you be -- william William . Silent beat . his name land like a thud . polexia here come sabbath ! estrella ozzy !!! tony !!! it 's we !! a long black limo with darken window swishes past , beep twice . the metal backstage gate rise and the limo roll inside . and then silence again . the girl do not discuss be rebuffe . estrella ( cont would ) I think I see sapphire in there . polexia script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( can not hold it in any longer ) okay . I be with Ian Hunter all night at rodney 's last night . wanna see he spoo ? I save it in a baggie . she open she purse and show the girl something inside . William edge away . estrella ( peer into purse ) I be really happy he 's do so well . penny ( regard what 's in purse ) yeah . I know he 's such a talented guy . I mean , look at he . who deserve it more ? polexia ( look in purse ) nobody -- he 's so sweet . estrella ( with compassion ) do not you just root for he , you know . to go that little distance between good and great ? penny wait . that 's not he . I would know he . a very odd look on he face , William now crane for a discreet look . what 's in that purse ? bam -- the backstage door open out step sapphire , 19 , a tall girl with taller platform . heavy eye-makeup . her accent be Texan , with odd trace of English . in one hand be a half - drain bottle of champagne . in the other , a fistful of backstage pass . sapphire do anybody remember laugh - tah ? ( as they turn ) come and get ' em ! the girl scream and happily head down the ramp to sapphire . penny look back and grab William with a well - place arm hook around he . he join the clack sea of leg move down the ramp . sapphire slap pass on the girl . as scotty ( the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary keeper of the backstage list ) watch , penny now slip William forward for a pass . scotty oh no . not this one -— - sapphire ( off William ) who bring opie ? the kid look over he shoulder . who 's opie ? penny he 's with we . scotty ( hand block William ) he be not with you . sapphire ( to scotty ) be you go to turn this into a thing ? scotty all of you can wait outside ! top of the ramp ! william I do not want to cause a thing . I will wait . penny ( privately , to William ) I will go take care of this . sadly , they leave he behind . the thunder arena sound of the collect crowd , the p.a. system blast yes ' " roundabout " ... purposeful roady carry guitar case ... the glimpse of backstage rock and roll ... everything he want to be a part of be on the other side of this door . and then it shut . he stand alone . at the top of the ramp , a tour bus unload . it read -—- stillwater tour 73 . move loudly out of the bus be the open band . this be stillwater . four road - weary band member , and they road manager . voice booming . russell hammond , 27 , press the buzzer with the nose of he guitar-case . it 's obvious from moment one . this be the star of the band , the charismatic one . he 's tired . they be late . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William recognize he instantly , as the guitarist stretch . the buzzer go unanswer . the kid be invisible to he , as the other now arrive behind Russell . Tour / band manager dick roswell , 27 , follow , loudly bang on the steel door . he have the flaxen-haired look of a former hippie , but he carry the emblem of a real pro -— - the newest silver Halliburton briefcase cover with backstage pass . his direction be always - forward . dick let we in , we be stillwater ! we be on the show !! William be surround by they now . they stand together under the single lightbulb , familiar face , a live-action album cover . jeff bebe the singer , he shiny black hair hang in sheet around he head . ed vallencourt the quiet drummer , he long arm hang limply at he side . his be a face make for the background . larry turner the compact bass - player . Dick now kick at the door with he foot , as William produce a copy of creem Magazine . william ( to Dick ) hi , I be a journalist . I write for creem Magazine . once again , the magazine hang there . he can not give it away . jeff the enemy ! a rock writer ! william ( struggle forward ) I would like to interview you or someone from the band . dick ( busy , run behind ) I be sorry but could you please fuck off ? William blink a little , take it in stride . Russell size he up , move in the background . william okay . okay . I could do that . jeff you guy never listen to we record . you be all just frustrated musician . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary do you know what you magazine say about we ? what be it - " the singer 's incessant cater walling distract from a assault with no clear purpose . " larry ( in background ) that be Rolling Stone . russell yeah . okay . fuck off anyway . we play for fan , not critic . stung , William shrug . it 's be a terrible night , but at least thrillingly so . william Russell . jeff. ed. Larry . ( can not help it ) I really love you band . I think the song " fever Dog " be a big step forward for you guy . I think you guy produce it yourselves , instead of glyn johns , be the right thing to do . and the guitar sound be incendiary . ( gesture with fist ) Way to go . he turn and leave , beginning he long trek back up the ramp . Russell look at the other . that kind of love be hard to give up . russell ( good humor , yell ) well do not stop there . jeff yeah , come back here !! keep go ! they wave he back , as the backstage door open again . the kid move back down the ramp . they herd he in with they , through the door . scotty quickly spot the kid and square off . Russell note the kid 's swirl emotional state , shove he forward . scotty not this one . russell script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he 's with we . scotty he 's not with you . he 's not with they . he 's not on the list . he 's not come in . and this be my arena . and furthermore — russel crave the confrontation and move forward closer to scotty . scotty ( cont would ) —- have a good time tonight . welcome to San Diego . 27 int . backstage hallway -—- night 27 the band move quickly down the hallway , with William move to keep up . a young and grizzle red-haire roadie , red dog , catch they on the way . the band swarm around he . russell Red Dog ! red dog we be play here tomorrow night . jeff ( aside , to the kid ) this be Red Dog , the allman Brothers Band 's number one roadie . russel clamp a arm around Red Dog 's neck . russell how're the guy ? red dog havin a ball , man . when we have a party , we have a allman Brothers Band party . everybody boogy . everybody get off . it 's family , man . we all get this now . ( flash new mushroom tattoo on forearm ) we will see you guy in Boston , right ? ( specifically to Russell ) dicky and Gregg send you they love . camera catch flash of envy on the face of Jeff bebe , as stillwater sweep forward into a small dress room . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 28 int . dressing room --— night 28 dress room activity swirl around he , as William simply listen . he hold a small microphone . his stoic look give away little of the full body rush he 's experience . as the other band member drift across frame , Russell hammond , a true rock and roll believer , speak as he strap on he guitar and get ready for the show . to the kid , every word be reckless gem . russell and it 's okay , because rock and roll be a lifestyle ... anda way of think and it 's not about money and " popularity ! " jeff some money would be nice . Jeff spray some shave cream into he palm , and rub it into he scalp - poor man 's mousse . russell - but it 's a voice that say here I be ... and fuck you if you can not understand I . Russell smooth the string of he guitar with a small cloth from he guitar case . the kid notice all this close - up detail of rock . russell ( cont would ) and one of that people be gonna save the world and that mean that rock and roll can save the world -- all of we together . the kid 's eye dance . he check to make sure he 's get the recording . he listen intently . jeff and the chick be great . russell but we do not do it for that ! we be here because we need to fuckin be here , not just ' cause we need to away from Troy , Michigan , which we did ... but what it all come down to be that thing . the indefinable thing , when people catch something from you music , the thing you put into it . I be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary talk about ... what be I talk about ? william ( elegantly ) the buzz ? russell the buzz ! and the chick , the whatever , be a off-shoot of the buzz . and like -- you say you like " fever Dog ? " that be the fuck buzz , man . all we get be this fuck old - ass interviewer who do not understand , do not listen , do not appreciate why we be here , which be the fuckin' buzz . William nod , hold he microphone steady . Russell tune he guitar , rip through unamplify guitar lick as he speak . Jeff hustle to reclaim he own connection to the interviewer . jeff the next album will be even better . more texture . russell but ... it 's not what you put in , be it ? it 's what you leave out . listen to ... listen to marvin gaye ... Russell 's face grow rapturous as he discuss this piece of music . russell ( cont would ) a song like " what 's go on . " that single " woo " at the end of the second verse — you know that woo - that single " woo . " william ( proudly ) I know that , " woo . " russell ( he do it ) that 's what you remember . the silly thing , the little thing ... there 's only one , and it make the song . it 's what you leave out . that 's rock and roll . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William nod , say nothing , keep the microphone point . activity surround he . jeff ( impressed ) we use to talk more about this stuff . russell okay . see , this be maybe the most honest we have ever be in a interview because you know we music . you be the first press guy we have make friend with . we do not normally talk like this to they . and you be suppose to be the enemy ! what be you - 18 ? william yeah . russell there you go . still young enough to be honest . dick ( walkie talkie crackle ) ten minute ' till showtime , anyone who be not in the band -- out ! Russell take a last swig of beer . a roadie whisk he guitar away . dick ( cont would ) all this luggage be go to l.a .! William be sweep out in the chaos of the pre-show ritual , past the pile of luggage by the door . it 's a colorful heap of suitcase , feature colorful laminate band tag , each with a number . 29 int . backstage step -- night -- minute later 29 William sit on the backstage step , write feverishly in he notebook . behind he , two step higher , penny Lane scoot into place . penny lane I find you a pass . william ( amp , distract ) thanks . I get in with stillwater . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( as he write ) the guitarist , russel hammond , he just thoroughly open up . he be by far the best and most honest interview I have ever do . ( she nod ) I have only do two , but you know . he 's number one . penny lane you be learn . they be much more fun on the way up . William nod , still scribbling . she ease down into place on the step next to he . her proximity cause he to look at she , he eyebrow rise . she smooth they down with two single finger . penny lane ( cont would ) how old be you ? william eighteen . penny lane I too . ( beat ) how old be we really ? william seventeen . penny lane I too . william actually I be 16 . penny lane I too . be not it funny ? the truth just sound different . william ( confess ) I be 15 . penny lane you want to know how old I really be ? william ( immediately ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary no. she look upstairs , soaking in the sound of another band tuning up . Music be she religion . william ( cont would ) how do you get start in all this ? penny lane it 's a long story . william ( quick study ) right . right . penny lane we live in the same city . we should be friend . she take he backstage pass form he shirt and put it on he thigh - the cooler location . nearby , the dress room door open , and the stillwater exit . excitement level rise as they mass in the hallway with instrument . we hear the amp voice of Russell grow nearer . russell the enemy ! he approach , as William stand . penny watch , hang out of Russell 's eyesight . stand in the supercharged hallway , the kid be anxious to introduce he new friend . william Russell , this be penny Lane . penny lane ( step into view ) pleasure . russell penny Lane ? like the song , right ? penny lane have we meet ? they shake and do not let go , for too long . there be history in they shake . they eye tell all . shot take we to William , who script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary put two and two together . it be not hard . they clearly know each other . well . william well , I guess you have ... you have meet . dick penny Lane ! God 's gift to rock and roll !! you be back ! ( privately ) Marc bolan . please . other band member pass , adjust clothes for show time , wait in the hallway ... and now sing the Beatles song " penny Lane . " russell come on , let 's go . ( note kid 's shyness ) both of you . 30 int . backstage -— night 30 House light go down . cheer rise . Dick 's flashlight dance on the ground just in front of they , guide they way in the dark to the stage step . russell — get in the huddle . Russell pull William into the band 's huddle . shot looking up at they they band ritual , psyching together , arm on each other 's shoulder in a circle . they sing a dew line of the classic " train kept a-rollin ' " ( or " go see Cal " from the Cal worthington ad ) they all touch foot , and then break , head for the stage . Russell direct penny to he side of the stage . the kid follow . plugging in , still in darkness , Russell hit a practice chord —- thwack . he step on effect pedal . applause . ( adlib onstage private patter , between member , goad each other -- the stuff no audience ever hear ) twenty foot away , Dick prepare to address the crowd from the darken stage . it be he favorite moment of the evening , the highlight of he job . dick from Troy , Michigan . please welcome - — - ( importantly ) stillwater . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Light hit the stage , and the band launch into they open song , " if you say nothing . " audience response be strong . shot linger on the face of William as he soak in the most undeniably exciting moment of any concert , the first thirty second . Jeff the singer grab the microphone and launch into some vocal pyrotechnics . Russell look over to penny and William , at stage right , grin , pretend to trip on he cord , a elegant show - off move of a musician who be now where he belong ... before seriously step forward for the first guitar lead of the night . the kid look over to see penny watch Russell . 31 ext . backstage -—- night -- later 31 case be shut and roll toward the truck . stillwater head for they bus . Jeff the singer say goodbye to estrella Starr , like a sailor leave port . Russell linger behind , say goodbye to William , load he own equipment . Black sabbath pass with entourage , head to the stage . russell ( privately ) so. you want to come up to L.A. , we will be at the " riot House " all week . william " the riot House ? " russell the Continental Hyatt House ! it 's on sunset Strip . william ( attempt cool ) right . right . all the while , just over the kid 's shoulder , Russell scan the backstage crowd of hanger - on . look perhaps for penny Lane . dick let 's blow this burg ! russell ( exite ) well tell you friend miss penny Lane to call me. tell she " it be not California without she . we want she around like last summer . " say it like that . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william get it . russell ( return , whisper ) oh , I be under the name - Harry houdini . jeff ( exite , to William ) the enemy !! yeah !! come to L.A. , we will take some more . Russell join Jeff , exite and laugh . a good show be still in the air . william later Jeff ! see you , dick. Larry . ed. ( and now the roady ) Mick , Gregg , Red Dog , scully , frosty , estrella , the wheel ! roadies dick laterrrr ! we will see you down the line . William be deliriously happy , hand upraise . he turn to see penny . william penny ! penny ( calming he ) hey . hey . be cool . william you just miss Russell ! he say he 's at the " riot House " all week and to call he . he 's under the name Harry houdini . do you know about the " riot House ? " penny lane I think I have hear of it . william he have a message for you ! he say , " it 's not California without you . we want you around like last summer . " ( consult notebook ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary actually he say " be not . " " it be not California - " penny lane I get the gist . william how well do you guy know each other ? she smile privately . william ( cont would ) I get it . no problem . Long story . alright ! I gotta go . elsewhere in the arena , Black sabbath be perform " sweet leaf . " the kid could care less . he have bond with stillwater . he head for the door . penny walk with he . he 's loving it . they pass a still - scowling scotty , flash pass , as they exit out into the ramp area . 32 ext . sport arena -— night 32 penny take out a eyeliner pencil , write she number on the back of he green notebook . penny lane call I if you need a rescue . we live in the same city . william I think I live in a different world . they stand in the night air . the parking lot be largely silent now , save for the thudding bass sound of Black sabbath . in the distance , we hear Elaine 's insistent whistle . penny speak of the world . I have make a decision . ( a very serious secret ) I be go to live in Morocco for one year . I need a new crowd . he nod . he be a rapt audience for this flashy girl . penny ( cont would ) do you want to come ? william yes . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary in the distance , we hear the family whistle grow louder . penny it 's a plan . you have get to call I . william okay . penny it 's all happen . william it 's all happen . he nod cooly . he wait until she turn , and the sprint through the parking lot , to the distant family whistle . fade out : fade in : 33 on tape recorder 33 William 's finger work the clunky key , press rewind . we hear a snippet of the intense and lively stillwater interview , full of overlap and barely discernible voice . meticulously , he untangle the voice , especially Russell 's , as he transcribe . int . william' bedroom — day the work of a journalist , as William sit at he Smith - corona galaxis . there be a knock at the window , and William scoot back in he chair to see a familiar face . it be darryl , he sister 's old boyfriend . William open the window . william hey darryl . darryl hey . darryl climb in the window , look around the room that be once the site of he previous glory . darryl ( cont would ) so she 's a stewardess now . william yeah . she and Mom be still sorta ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I would say " not speak , " but I do not know if they ever do . darryl you sister . a stewardess . ( nod to himself ) the thing you sister and I do inside this four wall ... william that 's okay . I do not want to know . it 's my room now . darryl we fly the friendly sky — william okay — darryl I do not want to put you in the middle of anything . we do not have to talk about it . william no . darryl you seem cooler . william yeah . I be think about go to Morocco . darryl lemme know if you need a little help with you Mom . william a little might not be enough . darryl she still freak I out . william ( nod , a old issue ) yeah - darryl she 's famous . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william listen — darryl go ahead and do what you be do . I just wanna hang in here for a moment . william cool. alright . William nod and continue he work , self - consciously , as darryl sit on he bed and soak in the memory of the room . a long moment pass . darryl pat he thigh , and rise . darryl okay , man . william okay , man . 34 int . live room -— — evening 34 William slip on corduroy jacket , over a tie -dy shirt . well , it 's definitely a look . Mom appear more nervous than she son . elaine I worry about the drunk driver . william mom. I be 15 . ( beat , vague panic ) right ? elaine yes , you be 15 . " and here 's that money I owed you . " she reach in a small box near the door , give he twenty buck . it 's they routine . elaine ( cont would ) you dad 's favorite joke . I do not do it as well . william I think it be pretty good . elaine keep the small bill on the outside . and call I if anyone get drunk . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william I will call you if anyone anywhere get drunk . elaine good . william ( anticipate she , like a parent ) and do not take drug . elaine ( stoic ) ha ha . very funny . see -— - sense of humor . have fun at the dance . I be glad you be make friend . they move to the door , and he steady she , as if to remind she she 's not go . he open the door . she 's a wreck , and she know it . william Mom ? elaine yeah - william ( loving but firm , as if to a dog . ) stay . elaine oh ... okay . william i-love-you-bye . he open the door . Neil Young . " sugar Mountain . " watch he leave be always a killer . she 's not get any better at it either . she fold she arm tightly across she chest . 35 ext . william' house -—- night 35 penny waist by she car , down the hill , sport a different more elegant look . she cup she hand and yell up to he . he hike down the hill , squishing down the water plant , almost fall , the first time we have see he happy in he own skin . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 36 ext . sunset boulevard --— later night 36 miss penny Lane 's yellow vega make the big swing onto sunset boulevard . she sing along to the obscure word of led Zeppelin 's " Dancing day . " William take it all in from the passenger seat . huge billboard advertise not cigarettes or beer , but album . it 's a wondrous piece of geography for any rock fan . shot move in as William , watch , take it all in . he move he head outside the window to see fully . her windshield be crack along the side . penny lane the Continental Hyatt House . also know as the riot House . ( do tour guide voice ) every band stay here , all the one that matter . the who. Zeppelin . Alice . bowie . English band . american band . we all know each other . twenty - — four hour room service . like we , they be outsider . they be so outside , they be inside , and insider never even know it , because they be outsider and they be inside a place outsider will never be . and why be we even talk about it ? if you be really a insider , you be never gonna say it . you know what I mean ? william ( beat , work it out ) yeah . yes . she make a swift turn into a secret parking spot near the hotel . penny and we be not gonna hang out with Russell . you can , but not I . william what be it with you and Russell ? 37 ext . sunset boulevard -— night 37 Neil Young and crazy horse 's " cinnamon girl " ricochet across the Strip . it 's blast from car tune into kmet . penny now wear she green faux - fur trim coat . she grab William 's hand , steadying she hat at the same time . they dart across the busy street . she stumble a little on she platform . he steady he taller date . they be a good team as they pass script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary one of several hum tour buss park out front . 38 int . hyatt house lobby --— night 38 penny blast into the Continental Hyatt House , William on she arm . the lobby of this bastion of seventies rock be more alive than most club . it 's a swirl mass of roadies carry Halliburton briefcase plaster with tour sticker , mingling rocker , and more than a few groupy with lower-ambition and taller - platform than penny Lane . the feel be communal , illicit , intoxicating . the secret community of rock . penny attract a hailstorm of friend and comrade . penny lane it 's all happen . ( grab he like a shield ) and I be about to use you as protection . roadie # 1 penny Lane !! penny lane ( aside ) this guy be with Alice Cooper . I be go to pretend I do not know they . english roadie # 2 penny !! do Alice know you be here ? penny lane I be just show my very dear , very wonderful friend around . he 's a very important writer - he know lester Bangs . ( English accent ) I be responsible for he moral conduct while he 's abroad . roadie # 3 ( arrive , mock drama ) penny Lane !! God 's gift to rock and roll !! penny lane I be retire . ( use English accent ) and do not argue with I ! roadie # 3 again ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny lane ( move , English accent ) have we meet ? effortlessly touch a arm here and there , charming all — she have four man suddenly circle she . penny lane ( cont would ) I have make a decision . I be go to go travel in India . then I be go to learn how to play the violin . then I be go to go to college for one year . William look at she , perplex and a little hurt . what about Morocco ? roadie # 2 ( exite , not buy it ) there 's nothing they could teach you in college , darling . ( whisper ) call Alice . he 's under the name Bob hope . roadie # 1 I hear you be with Russell from stillwater . penny please . I throw the little one back . lusty laugh circle William . overlap this dialogue be the appearance of we friend polexia . polexia ( in tear , in piece , emotional ) Ian Hunter be a fuck asshole ! william polexia ! polexia opie !!! she hug he like a long - lose friend , knock the air out of he . and now overlap this action , appear superfan ric nunez , 14 . his eye be forever moist , but he 's oddly formal and never feel worthy of the rocker he idolize . tonight he wear a custom homemade t-shirt with iron - on block letter . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary it feature the four led Zeppelin symbol and the word : " to be a rock and not to roll . " a feel - tip pen be still in he quivering hand . nunez walk with they , backpedal as he say : ric it 's all happen . I just see they on the seventh floor ! Mr. Jimmy page ... Mr. John Paul Jones ... ( display squiggle on shirt ) Mr. Robert Plant sign my shirt in the elevator !! five minute ago , he touch this pen . please do not smear it . and bonzo 's gotta new motorcycle in the hotel ! penny Ric be a Zeppelin fan . william yeah , I pick that up . penny he tour with they , but not " with " they . ric they're on the 12th floor , but there 's guard there ! so you gotta go to the tenth floor and go up the back step . penny lane this be my very dear , very close , very wonderful friend William Miller , he be very close with lester Bangs . ric it 's all happen !! see you in Cleveland ! Ric rush back to the elevator . penny lane I be retire ! do not anybody believe I !? 39 int . hyatt house lobby phone -- night -- minute later 39 penny nearby as William pick up the house phone . he shout over the din . william script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Harry houdini , please . as he wait , he discreetly pocket the match , hotel pad and pencil next to the housephone . 40 int . hallway / russell's HOTEL room -- night 40 William , polexia and a ambivalent penny walk the hallway , look for the room . William look in the pass open door , each one a different window into another world . penny lane okay . time to put on the lampshade . up ahead , the door to they smallish hotel room be open . Inside , a band party in full swing . a clunky early - model boom box segues from James Brown 's " make it funky " to led Zeppelin 's " Gallows pole . " Russell hammond be the center of this party , jabbing out the chord , play along on guitar . much sing echoe all around . it 's a hotel - room hootenanny , and all member of the band be present . penny Lane take a breath and enter , with arm extend and point in opposite direction . she do a flawless stewardess imitation , with proper hand gesture , to a loud party ovation . penny lane ( cont would ) " lady and gentlemen . please extinguish all smoking material and notice that the captain have turn on the no smoke sign . you seat and tray table should be lock in they full and upright position . " russell / other penny !! penny lane ! ! she be instantly and overwhelmingly , the life of this party . Russell join William . russell ( impressed to see he ) alright . william ( happy to be there ) alright . Russell place a beer in William 's hand , and exit . penny lane ( continue ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary " in the unlikely event of a water landing , the seat below you will serve asa -' ( give up ) oh , the hell with it . they all applaud she , laugh . William watch she with wonder , as she turn he way and wink . Jeff approach the allure polexia , and go to get she a beer . meanwhile , polexia sidle up to William . she see he watch penny at the other side of the room . polexia ( privately ) Act one , in which she pretend she do not care about he . Pov shot travel to Russell , strumm the guitar that be always a part of he body . Russell be watch penny Lane surreptitiously . polexia ( cont would ) Act two , in which he pretend he do not care ... and go right for she . Russell move towards penny . polexia ( cont would ) Act Three , in which it all play out the way she plan it . she will eat he alive . william ( worried ) we have get to stop they . polexia stop they ? you be she excuse for come here . on penny penny I need ice ! penny disappear out the door , across the hallway . Russell follow a moment later . the kid 's eyebrow rise . polexia regards the kid with affection , adjust he collar and peel a hair off he jacket . polexia script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I just worry about people use she . you know ? ' Cause she bring out the good side in everybody else , but what do they do for she ? life kill I . do you have any pot ? william not on I . polexia do you smoke ? william no. ( attempt to fit in ) but I ... I grow it . I grow it . polexia look at the kid , laugh at he poor job of lie . polexia you be funny . you know , if you be only taller , English , rich , a guitar - — player and older ... william I would be someone else . polexia yeah . good point . Jeff appear with she beer , and she whisper in the kid 's ear before she exit with Jeff bebe . polexia ( cont would ) bless I father for I may sin tonight . the kid watch , as the boom box play a obscure favorite of Russell 's , Eddie gile ' " losin ' Boy . " there be the sound of a motorcycle somewhere down the hallway . 41 int . ice room —- night 41 the ice machine make new cube with a grind noise . penny put ice in she glass . behind she , Russell move into frame , hand delicately riding the side of she body . a motorcycle roar by , just outside the door , as penny move away from Russell 's explore hand . penny ( with real indignation ) how do it end ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary russell what ? penny you know — the story about the girl who dump the guy who have a ex-ex wife -- the one we do not talk about — -- and get a hundred ... okay , five letter from he , and then do not even leave a pass in San Diego . wake up ! I be retire and I never believe you anyway . you be too talented and too good - look to be trust and everybody know it . russell ( smile , love it ) you be retire like Frank Sinatra be retire . she make a scoffing noise . he move to the ice machine , with a glass of he own . russell ( cont would ) miss penny Lane . let I tell you what rock and Roll will miss the day you truly retire . he toss cube in he glass , one by one . after the first cube : russell ( cont would ) the way you turn a hotel room into a home . ( cube ) the way you pick up stray wherever you go . like pied piper. ( cube ) the way you know the word to every song . every song . especially the bad one . mostly the bad one . ( cube ) that green coat in the middle of summer . ( cube ) the real name you will not reveal . ( cube ) and . I would keep go , but my glass if full . penny ( quietly ) damn . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he kiss she powerfully , hand at he side . she fight to keep she hand off he . bonham 's motorcycle rip by , just outside the door . russell come to Arizona . penny never . russell we leave Thursday morning . 9 am . and pack light this time . Jesus . they kiss . the motorcycle speed by again , just outside . 42 int . hallway --— night 42 the hallway be crowded , as William look at the close door of the ice room . he lean against the wall , alone now . try to look like he belong . behind he , most of the band have disappear into other room , leave only hanger - on in they place . 43 int . rolling stone magazine —- day 43 Music . we pan across cubicle bustling with laid - back fervor . this be the San Francisco - base main office of Rolling Stone Magazine . we have arrive for the wane day that this magazine could still be call , with a straight - face , a " underground " publication . they mount success crowd the edge of every frame . camera catch the Annie leibowitz portrait that hang on the wall -- Lennon , Jagger , Rod Stewart , James Taylor . we find editor BEN fong - torre , 29 , in he cramped cubicle . sitting nearby be curly -haire and mustachioe Star staff writer , david felton , 32 , who smoke he cigarettes with a long holder . felton read one of William 's article , chuckle . BEN fong-torres William Miller ? intercut : int . william' bedroom -— day William be on the phone in he own small room . william script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary this be he . BEN crazy . William , this be Ben fong - torres . I be the music editor at Rolling Stone Magazine . we have get a copy of you storey from the San Diego door . this be the same William Miller ? William instantly , nervously alter he voice to sound older . william yes it be . BEN ( rifling through tearsheet ) Voice of God , howling dog , the spirit of rock and roll ... this be good solid stuff . william ( immediately , suddenly deeper ) thanks ... thanks . BEN you should be write for we . any idea ? william ( voice now to deep ) how about stillwater ? BEN crazy . New album ... they third ... start to do something . Ben shuffles through papers , look for a tour itinerary on he promotional - material laden - desk , automatically plotting the piece aloud . BEN ( cont would ) ( pleasant , terse ) stillwater . hard -work band make good . get them to respond to the critic who dismiss the first two album as workmanlike . guitarist be the clear star of the band . crazy . let 's do three — thousand word . you will catch up to they on the road . we will set up billing -- do not let the band pay for anything . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william ( affect casualness ) sound good . BEN we can only pay —- lemme see , three - thousand word -- seven hundred dollar . the kid 's eye widen . BEN ( cont would ) alright , a grand . what 's you background ? you a journalism major ? william ( deeply ) yes . BEN what college -— - int . elaine's house -- continuous Elaine now get on the extension . elaine honey , I need you to do that thing that fix the garbage disposal -- she hang up . int . william' bedroom --— continuous the kid be paralyze . BEN well , I know how my lady get when I do not snap to it - william crazy . BEN crazy ! I will let you go . call I at the San Francisco office tomorrow . 44 int . lester bang home -- late night 44 the great lester Bangs stand in the promotional album-clogged bedroom of he Birmingham , Michigan , home / office at creem script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Magazine . there be nothing in frame that do not deal with music . in the background , a scratchy and chaotic coltrane record . lester bang beware Rolling Stone Magazine . they will change you story , they will be - write it and turn it into swill . beware ! ! william but besides that , what would be wrong with it ? lester bang ( laugh , entertained ) you have starry eye , my friend . ( beat ) look . do the story . it 's a good break for ya . but remember this —- the kid listen intently , and make note . lester bang ( cont would ) do not do it to make friend with people who be try to use you to further the big business desire to glorify worthless rock star like stillwater . and do not let that swill merchant re-write you . william ( still copying ) swill merchant ... lester bang now . what be you listen to ? 45 ext . teacher's lounge -- day 45 William knock on the teacher 's lounge door . a teacher answer , protective of they sanctuary . william ( urgently ) I need to talk to Mrs. deegan , from journalism . Mrs. deegan appear in the doorway . 46 ext . william' home —- late afternoon 46 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the sun be still shine . it 's late afternoon , as Elaine Miller exit she car and arrive home . she see a few extra car in the driveway , be immediately suspicious . 47 int . live room -- late afternoon 47 Elaine arrive to find William , Mrs. deegan and darryl await she in the live room . it 's a 1973 - style intervention . they wear sunny , compassionate smile . elaine whatever it be , the answer be no . mrs . deegan Elaine , we need to talk to you . nothing be wrong . I be a teacher . you be a teacher . we speak the same language . Mom sit down . she be fully engage and worried , she natural state . mrs . deegan ( cont would ) now I be not a jump - — up - and -down person , but something wondrous have happen to William . and you have every reason to be happy ... ( know she ) and calm . carefully gaug Elaine 's face , the teacher continue . mrs . deegan ( cont would ) William have be gift with a shine opportunity in the world of journalism . through a love of music , and at a oddly - young age , he have receive a major assignment from a national publication call Rolling Stone Magazine . Mrs. deegan produce a copy , and place it on Elaine 's lap . it sit there like the plague . mrs . deegan ( cont would ) now you be rather famously not a fan of rock music , but such be the irony of life , that happen to be the very topic of William 's assignment — ( cheerfully ) - rock music . a band . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary elaine ( warily , to darryl ) honey , what be you do here ? darryl Moral support . Mom look evenly at she son , seat opposite live room . elaine what 's involved ? mrs . deegan well . it 's a great opportunity . he will be well - pay , and publish nationally - — - ( quickly ) -- and he will go on tour with a rock band for four day . no small plane ... he travel on a bus . elaine be it time for I to say something ? mrs . deegan sure . elaine no . mrs . deegan and in anticipation of that response — elaine no . mrs . deegan —- William have prepare -- elaine ( rueful ) " lo , that which I have fear have come upon I . " william ( lighten fast ) " he who jealously guard he fear , quietly yearn to bring they about ! " she in this small Mrs. deegan admire they high -strung intellectual parry , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary make a impressed noise . elaine ( with compassion ) no . I have raise he to be a honor student , which he be . we have agree on all we goal . we raise he to be a lawyer , we move here to be near the finest law school in the West . plus , he have final come up , and in one week he graduate with all he friend darryl he 's get no friend !! william darryl . please . nearby , have anticipate all of the above , William nod to Mrs. deegan , and stand . mrs . deegan Elaine , may I present to you ... you own son . William take a lawyerly stroll , turn to face he mom . william Lady of the jury . ( beat ) I wish to disprove the prevaile false belief that rock music be base on drug and sex . true , perhaps at one time ... but rock music be different now . it be now perform by hard - work intellectual , with ... with blaze intellectual pursuit , and I be go to play for you a piece of music design to show you that my thesis be correct . elaine this be go to be hell . across the room , darryl take he position near the stereo . william the song be base on the literature of tolkien ... and it 's mystical attempt to elevate humanity have be successful throughout the world ... this song script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary will change you life . Mom stifles a cough . William nod to darryl , who reverentially drop the needle with a thud . Mom be trap , as we listen to silent static ... and then ... the open note of led Zeppelin 's " stairway to Heaven . " William give he mother the album cover 's inner-sleeve with lyric . william ( cont would ) we ask you only to listen . camera pass across they serious and expectant face . the intro in not short . we listen , just watch they face , as Elaine become increasingly impatient . elaine william when be it go to start — soon . immediately , overlap , the vocal begin . ( " there 's a lady who 's sure all that glitter be gold . " ) dissolve to : 48 SUN moving slowly across the sky 48 sprinkler click across the lawn . ( " ... and it make I wonder ... " ) 49 int . live room -- afternoon 49 Mom adjust herself in the chair , listen politely , check she watch . she look at William . 50 ext . home — afternoon 50 sprinkler continue . ( " if there 's a bustle in you hedgerow ... " ) 51 int . live room -- afternoon 51 Mom listen fitfully . the song continue . dissolve to : 52 ext . house -- still later afternoon 52 sprinkler shut off . Music be now blast . ( " to be a rock , and not to roll ... " ) 53 int . live room - later afternoon 53 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Mom 's face remain stoic to the bitter end . ( " ... and she 's buy the stairway to Heaven . " ) the song end . silence . all look to Elaine . they wait on she response . we hear the turntable arm return to its cradle . elaine what be I suppose to say ? you say it 's tolkien , fine . they sound like nice kid . be it mean to elevate humanity ? " sure , let 's elevate humanity . after we sell you drug and sex . " all I have be my honesty . that 's what I believe , and that 's what I know . ( flipping through magazine ) oh. here 's a nice ad . she hold up the magazine . and ad read , in large bold type : buy this fucking album . elaine ( cont would ) you have clearly gang up on I , and I still say no . no no no no no no no . she shut she eye , and blurt out something against she better judgement . elaine ( cont would ) no more than four day and I want a phone number for where you be every minute and I want you to call I twice a day and you'd better not miss one test -— and no drug . William nod gratefully , and exit frame . hold on the empty chair , as drum herald the beginning of the allman Brothers Band 's " trouble no more " from live at Fillmore East . shot move in on elaine who feel a very particular kind of loneliness . it 's the loneliness she get marry , and then raise a family , to escape . 54 int . stillwater tour bus -— - day 54 a empty Heineken beer bottle roll up and down the aisle , take we to William . William pick up the bottle and place it in the seat back pocket in front of he . he have join the circus , and the feel of be here be a lot more lonely and forbid than he expect . the bus struggle to make it up the hill , back row shudder loudly , as music continue . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dick c'mon , doris ! darling Bus . you can make it ! 55 ext . nevada desert highway -- day 55 the stillwater Tour Bus rumble down the desert highway . the destination banner read - almost famous -— - tour 73 . Music continue . 56 int . bus -— day 56 William strain for a look at Russell five row up . he play slide guitar , work out a part . next to Russell be penny Lane . penny raise a early - model Polaroid camera and - flash — take a picture of a nearby sleep Jeff bebe . penny gotcha . Jeff grumble from the depth of a hangover . penny stuff the shot in she pocket . William watch , he private heart pound . polexia appear and sit next to he , notice he shyness . polexia do you have any pot ? william no. I be a journalist . polexia well , go do you job then . you be on the road , man . it 's all happen ! get in there . go talk to ‘em ! challenge , William rise and approach Russell . he fix the charismatic guitarist in he sight . shot take he down the aisle to the jam star guitarist . he crouch in the aisle and talk to Russell who immediately seem moody . his mood be in the air . william ( very professional ) Russell . do you think we might be able to find some time to talk when we get to Phoenix ? I want to interview everyone separately ... and I feel we would start with you and I . nearby , Jeff now listen in , feel immediately jealous . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary russell absolutely . Russell turn away . the kid squat uncomfortably in the aisle , babbling on . william because I have get a thing in a couple day . russell what . william ( self-conscious ) it 's a ... thing where ... uhm ... you go there to graduate . School . russell ( sharply ) I never graduate . and look what happen . you be here interview I . good point . laugh from everybody listen nearby . it 's a good line . William make a quick jot in he notebook . russell ( cont would ) no no no . do not put that in Rolling Stone . my bio say I graduate . we will come up with something better later . just enjoy the ride . Russell eye the notebook suspiciously before turn away . penny notice William 's discomfort , laugh warmly , all while grab a Coke and give one to nearby bassist Larry . larry how do you know I be thirsty ? he do not even realize he be thirsty , but he be . he nod thanks to penny , the perfect road companion for all . and then penny give the other Coke , she Coke , to William . he accept it too , and start back to he seat . he 's be blow off , and he know it , but before he exit penny grab he arm and whisper in he ear : penny I may need to stay in you room tonight . Russell 's in a bad mood . he 's very Bob Dylan in do not look back today . he 's try to write . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William nod cooly -- they be comrade -- and return to he seat . a large joint pass in front of he , across he , to polexia , as everyone cheer doris the Bus rumbling up another hill . polexia ( inhale deeply ) want some ? william no thanks . a wall of pot smoke be exhale , right into he face . it surround he like a cloud . the bus shudder , as Russell continue play slide up ahead . 57 int . william' live room — night 57 Elaine sit in she live room , fill with she book . large Department store photo of she child on the wall . she feel she own loneliness , and he too , as she dial a phone number . elaine have William Miller arrive yet ? he have not . could you give he a message as soon as you see he ? - 58 int . bus -—- night 58 several hour later on this ride . outside , night and desert . Inside , a few cigarettes , a joint of two glow in the darkness of the bus . the end of the led Zeppelin classic " Whole lotta Love " play from the bus stereo , full blast . everybody be free and anonymous in the dark . they sing at full -volume . William look out the window in wonder . zeppelin / all " Way down inside ... ( woman ) woman ... you need ... " the ten-ton guitar chord of Jimmy page . zeppelin / all ( cont would ) " loooooococddddd0000000000000 vvve ... " John bonham 's drum thunder through the bus , everybody still sing as they dip down into the city ahead , Phoenix . William watch the live documentary around he . he write furiously in the green notebook , scribbling in the dark , try to steady he write on the bumpy bus . behind he , someone be beat script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary along to the song on he seat . he never want to leave this world . 59 int . arizona ramada inn lobby -- night 59 all enter the lobby like warrior , in a pack . the hotel chair be spot with curious hanger - on , deck out and loung . Dick be already station , as always , at the front desk . the sad state of hotel service grate on a road dog like Dick . he be forever teach other they job . dick Jeff , tony ... key ... key ... key ... room list ... ( be : luggage , to hotel bellman ) if it do not have a number on it , it be not ours ! he give key and a stack of message to Russell , and turn to William who he make feel more important . penny be nearby with she suitcase and tackle box purse . William watch Russell 's guitar whisk away - they be luggage - numbered 1 , 3 , and 4 . dick ( cont would ) the enemy ! here you go , here 's the key to you palatial suite , room list , plus let I give you a luggage tag . you be number 42 . clerk be this Mr. Miller ? you have a message from Elaine . william thanks . clerk ( confidentially ) she 's a handful . william I know . William cooly take the fold message , do not look at it , and try to pretend this embarrassing moment do not happen . Jeff exchange a look with Russell . nearby , the walk commotion arrive , clack through the lobby . it 's sapphire . last night 's clothes be now today 's . she hold a travel case , and hanger with some odd blouse . sapphire finally , you be here !! they kick I script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary out of my room ! fuck ozzy ! she hug penny Lane . estrella appear , happy to have help with sapphire . on russell who approach William . russell come by in a few minute . we will do the interview . the kid exit and go to join penny , who be still comforting sapphire . Russell look through he message . the guitar , now in a case , never leave he hand . Jeff bebe approach , regard William stand with penny and the girl . intrigue be swirl in the lobby . jeff I be worried , man . russell naw , we can trust he . he 's a fan . jeff but it 's Rolling Stone . he look harmless , but he do represent the magazine that trash Eric clapton , break up cream , rip led Zeppelin , and write that lame story about the allman Brothers Band that bum duane out before he die . do not forget the rule . this little shit be the enemy . he write what he see . ( beat ) but it would be cool to be on the cover . russell leave it to I . we will get a good story . jeff plus we girlfriend read this magazine and — ( look at band-aid ) -- you know . russell you make you point . I will take to he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary on william by elevator penny speak confidentially to he . if she be slightly bossy , it be only because she 's good at logistic , emotional and otherwise . penny can sapphire stay in you room tonight ? she have a big fight with ozzy , and polexia 's not work out with Jeff bebe. ( to sapphire and polexia ) you just have to remember ... this guy be jealous , insecure , talented , egocentric , and manipulative geniuse ... they be lead-singers . they can say " I love you " to 20,000 people ... but any fewer be a real problem . ( girl nod , comfort , she continue to the kid ) Jeff bebe have so much jealousy over Russell that he can not express . plus , he never sleep last night . you keep sapphire and I will stay with Russell . William cover he disappointment over lose penny as a roommate . cooly : william sure . I will take she . polexia I too ? william sure . estrella arrive with travel bag , equally homeless , look hopeful . william ( cont would ) if there 's room — penny squeeze he . he feel cool ... but the girl he really want to stay in he room now join Russell , disappear into the elevator . he look down at the message in he hand , and open it . it read : don't take drug ! he snap it close quickly , before anyone can see . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 5s9a in . russell 's room -—- night 59a Russell play acoustic guitar , a notebook cradle on he lap . try to write . it 's come slowly . shot move off he , past a flicker television , onto penny who silently and intently watch Russell as if he 's a rare and beautiful bird . he look over at she - she turn away quickly . he go back to work . tries to catch she watch he again . she turn away just in time . 60 int . william' HOTEL room -- night 60 stillwater 's " fever Dog " play from the t.v. radio . William on the bed , a thick local phone book on he lap . his hotel room . he watch self - consciously as the girl go about the ritual of inhabit a room on the road . sapphire flutter a paisley scarf over the room lamp . polexia put a towel along the crack of the door , blow out the glow ember on too - many stick of incense , and move to the phone . estrella have join they as well , complete with a bag full of shoe . instantly , we have atmosphere and not much room leave in this , the smallest room in the hotel . William thumb through the phone book with fascination . william all this people . ( wondrous , off phone book ) and they all live in Phoenix . polexia ( on phone ) hi dad !! I can not talk long ! I be here in Paris . I be stay in another youth Hostel with no phone and no address for mail !! william ( still wondrous , from phone book ) Alex . lowbatz . sapphire ( emerge from bathroom ) I be the one who tell he what to tattoo on he finger , I be the one who make he shirt ... I be there when he wife leave he . william Charles . c. swoop . polexia script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( on phone ) I can see the eiffell tower . do you know there be 578 step to the top ? she 's read from a european tour book . william Paul and Debbie finger . estrella ( look out window ) oh my god. Simon kirke of bad company be by the pool . the girl mobilize by the window . William be increasingly aware that he be a outsider in he own tiny room . he try to organize he stuff in the corner . polexia I gotta go ! i'll call from rome ! estrella be anybody here as worried about penny and Russell as I be ? polexia ( the perfect daughter ) and happy birthday to maggie !! I love you !! she wink at William , who look away . sapphire ( to polexia and William ) ooo , watch out - whoever you look at when you say that - that 's who you really mean . polexia hand up and throw a pillow at sapphire , the kid watch this girl like a tennis match . 60a in . penny and russell be room — same time 60a Russell put down he guitar . russell you know . we should talk about what we do not talk about . penny we do not have to . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary russell no , I - I go to Catholic school . I believe in guilt and ... you know , if there 's any to be have , I pretty much want to roll around in it . penny I do not believe in attachment . no boundary . just the music . russell I be just say , it 's okay to talk about it . penny stand and turn . she speak the word . penny Leslie . Russell nod . the name be out in the open . penny ( cont would ) Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . russell ( somehow satisfied ) alright - now we be talk . but she continue , say the name in a multitude of different way , in different accent , and with different degree of indifference and passion and lust and play- act and mock - — drama . push in on he face as he listen and study this ethereal creature for meaning . be she mock he ? in love with he ? taunting he ? seduce he ? penny Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . lesssssslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . Leslie . leslie. Leslie ... she continue say it until it no longer have meaning . and finally she sit next to he . penny ( cont would ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( beat ) now . have I help you get that off you chest ? they kiss . 60b int . william' HOTEL room - same time 60b the girl continue they settling - in process . sapphire opie , can I order room service ? the nickname " opie " re-open a nag wound . polexia hang up , and begin to dial again . william okay . you guy . wait . put down the phone , polexia . ( she do , sadly ) first , this be my room ... sapphire come on , you be a fan like we . you be on we side of the line . william second . I be not opie . alright ? opie be a little boy . I be here to doa job . I ama professional . estrella ( flipping luggage tag ) ooooo0o0 , sorry , Mr. 42 . william third ! ( have they attention now ) this phone be a big , big deal . in a minute , I have to go interview Russell . do not answer this phone if it ring . I have family member with severe anxiety problem . she will not understand . polexia ( wounded ) but what if ozzy call sapphire ? and I give Jimmy page this number . estrella script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary or a guy who look like Jimmy page . William look at they troubled face , full of too much - long and too much make -up . william okay . I have a solution . answer the phone . but if anyone without a English accent be on the phone ... ( wing it ) just hang up . or say it 's the wrong room . they nod . it 's a good plan . 61 ext . hallway —- night 61 the hang sign on the door read : do not disturb . William knock on Russell 's door . a may push up against he with she cart , which now block the hallway . william should I come by later ? a group of golf conventioneer be now trap behind the may cart . they ease past William as he negotiate with Russell through the door . russell ( 0.s. ) yes , I 'm in too truthful a mood ! william maybe that be a good thing !! russell ( 0.s. ) i'll see you at the radio interview later !! ten - thirty in the lobby . william okay ! russell go away ! william okay ! we hear penny 's giggle . then the door open , and it 's penny look ravish . in the background , Russell sit shirtless at the table . he playfully pelt the kid with crumpled up wad of hotel stationery . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny do not worry . some to the radio interview . william no , I be fine . I will just interview Jeff bebe some more . russell ( as in " you be on of we " ) go away ! she shut the door quickly . it hurt a little . he pick up the wad piece of paper , stuff they in he pocket . he leave the door and help himself to some soap and pencil and match from the nearby may 's cart . then he return to Russell 's door . he can not help but listen to the muffle sound of laughter , just for a moment , escalate . he flip the sign over : housekeeping please enter — clean room . 62 int . outer radio station — night 62 humble pie . " thirty day in the hole . " Russell and band enter the radio station , pass through the now - empty front office . as always , Russell set the tone . he 's feel good . stillwater take over -- they feel mighty , like the beetle , as they climb across chair , rearrange wall hanging and gold record and head down the small hallway to the control room interview . Rolling with the flow be William and penny in she green coat . he try to distance himself from she -- stilla little stung by the earlier hallway rebuff -- but she will have none of it . she privately share every great pass moment with he . he try not to succumb to this charm . it 's hard . Music segues to stillwater 's own " fever Dog . " 63 int . radio control room — night 63 stillwater 's own record spin , and it sound good to everyone in this room . Russell take a seat near the open mike . Jeff bebe be quick to take the other seat , arrange himself to be just as close to the microphone as Russell . William watch all as he sit at the dark back of this control booth . stillwater sit with late- night progressive disc - — jockey quince allen , 25 . quince take a long hit from a joint and do not pass it . the entire stillwater band be now collect in the studio and ready for the interview . William can not avoid look at penny Lane , who look great tonight . she catch he , and he barely look away in time . polexia , newly reconcile with Jeff , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary notice . the very mellow disc -jockey ease up to the microphone , as the finale of " fever Dog " be just end . quince allen the guitar of Russell hammond . " fever Dog " ... the band be stillwater . ( beat ) watch with you mind as they materialize . Band member get closer to the microphone , prepare to speak . quince lower he head , shutting he eye and get into the music as the song play out . 64 int . HOTEL room —- night 64 the phone ring . estrella answer . estrella William 's room . int . rolling stone office -— -— night Ben fong -torre be call from Rolling Stone . BEN can I please speak to he ? this be Ben fong - torres at Rolling Stone . estrella panic , hang up quickly , as if the phone have just catch fire . estrella I think I just mess up ! 65 int . radio station -— night -- same time 65 quince raise he head and continue on - the-air . the same song be still end . quince look at the dog , wear the funny hat . juggling just for you . freak and family ... penny shoot William a look . do you believe this guy ? quince ( cont would ) it 's quince , with stillwater . here. live . it 's the night Circus . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the band scoot closer to the microphone , ready to talk . quince continue , look meaningfully at the band . they be wait ... eager for a chance to speak . quince ( cont would ) every minute a baby be bear somewhere .. life . death . hermetically seal bag of human emotion . bag of love ... bag of kindness ? ( suddenly , turn ) how would you get together ? as Jeff eagerly speak , quince lower he head and listen ... feel ... the word of he guest . jeff well ... not to get into a " I " thing ... this be Jeff talk ... but I do start the band , some time , actually , ago . this be back when we be the Jeff bebe band , and I place a ad ina magazine call peaches look for a guitarist and Russell hammond answer . quince nod , head bow , sway slowly . quince ( with deep understanding ) peaches . Jeff watch quince 's head lower . it 's hard to know when to talk with quince . the depth of he mellowness be tough to get in rhythm with . jeff I think he be a gift from God , actually . nobody play like Russell hammond . russell ( sorta move ) well , shit . thank you . he instantly realize he 's slip , on the air . russell ( cont would ) ooops . better hit the delay button . all eye turn to quince , whose head stay down , groove to some inner beat . he say nothing . the band look at each other . we become increasingly aware that quince may now be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary asleep . Long silence . William share a amaze look with penny . quince be definitely asleep . Russell lean forward and continue talk quietly , with hilarious sincerity . russell ( cont would ) okay - we be talk now , right ? why the fuck do you wait until and interview in Arizona to say something nice about I . why do not you say it to my fuck face sometime ? because I tell you every time I think you nail something . jeff everybody pay you compliment . it 's not my fuck job to kiss you fuck ass all the time . russell well then who 's fuck job be it ? because my ass be die for a kiss . and I know yours be too . dick it 's my fuck job . you be all geniuse . and let I just add this think - smegma . penny cover she mouth as offer a look of absurdity to William . he offer one back , as laugh be stifle throughout the room . William share a look . quince be still deeply asleep , as the usually quiet tony lean forward to speak . tony fece . he crack himself up , silently . quince snap awake , fully in - stride . quince the do be call " Love thing . " you mind be start to take effect . they be all here to see you swallow fire . you scream soundlessly ... on the night Circus . it 's quince , with stillwater . " Love thing " take over , as quince swivel in the chair . quince ( cont would ) I think that go well . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 66 int . rental car —- night 66 adrenalize laughter . the whole band be cramme into a medium — size rental car . penny half on William 's lap , half on Russell 's . russell ( to William ) see , this be what nobody write about ! the in - between time ! this ! us! right now !! 67 int . william' HOTEL room 67 the phone be ringing . estrella emerge from the bathroom with no make - up and a t-shirt . she pick up the phone . across the room , sapphire sign for room service . now she be far too make - up . the t.v. radio play free 's " Fire and Water " in the b.g . estrella ( suspiciously ) hello ? intercut : int . william' house --— night it 's Mom on the phone . elaine ( measure , very proper ) May I speak with William please ? estrella ( cheerfully ) he 's not here . I think he 's in the bar with the Band . they just get back from the radio station . be this maryann with the pot ? silence . estrella ( cont would ) hello ? elaine no this be not maryann with the pot . this be Elaine ... he mother . estrella physically recoil . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary estrella ( cring ) I think you be English . elaine could you please give he a message ? could you tell he to call home immediately ? and could you also tell he - ( at full power ) I know what 's go on . estrella alright . okay . but I be just go to say this , and I be go to stand by it . ( can not help herself ) you should be really proud of he . " Cause I know guy ... and I will bet you do too . and he respects woman , and he like woman , and let 's just pause and appreciate a man like that . you create he out of thin air , and you raise he right , and we be all look out for he . and that 's more than I have ever say to my own parent , so there you go . ( silence ) this be the may speak , by the way . 68 int . HOTEL lobby -— night 68 Russell and William sit in two large red-leatherette seat in the hotel lobby . William shuffles through many page of question write in small script . his tape recorder microphone sit balanced on the chair . william ( very professional ) now that you be start to be successful , you have twenty - six year to write you first album ... and you will have maybe four month for the second . do you worry that the pressure of the business will get in the way of the original joy of make you music ? or Russell blink . the all - consume issue of he life be right in front of he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary russell whoa ! ( laugh ) I need three more beer and my guitar before I can answer that question . let 's take a walk . 69 ext . HOTEL pool area — night 69 Russell walk the outskirt of the pool area with William . William follow he through the slide glass door to he room , face the pool . Russell grab he guitar . they stand for a moment , unheard by the other , and regard the live portrait twenty yard in front of they . the off-limit after-hour pool area have be overtaken by the stillwater tour member . Jeff bebe sit in a chair nearby . Dick laugh at a joke . always the life of the party , penny Lane dispense steal towel from a may cart . and she be the first to slip into the pool for some after-hour , against - the-rule swim . effortlessly , she turn a collection of people into a party . they regard she , well out of earshot of the other . russell for a minute I think you be actually a real journalist ... which be ... you know , it 's great . ( beat ) shut that thing off , and I will tell you the truth . William shut he tape recorder off . william it 's off . russell look . I trust you . I be go to lay this right on you . just make we look cool . william I will quote you warmly and accurately . russell that 's what I be worried about . see - some of we have girlfriend back home . some of we have wife . and ... some of the people you meet on the road be really amazing people ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary they both watch penny Lane , sparkling , fresh from the pool . she place hotel furniture into the shallow end and invite all , even other curious hotel guest , to join they in the pool . russell ( cont would ) like you . and some of the thing that happen be good for just a few people to know about - as oppose to , say , a million people . Dawn be break for William . william ohhhh . oh. yeah . russell you know what I mean ? william right . yeah . russell see , you be dangerous . most people be just wait to talk , but you listen . william right . right . russell so you question you ask I . I think about it every fuck night . the " business . " I hate it ! ( quietly ) I grow up with this guy , okay ? I can not play all that I can play , I be past this musician , do you understand ? william I do . russell the more popular we get , the more I can not walk on they , the bigger they house get , the more pressure ... you forget , man . you forget what it be like to be real , to be a fan . you can hear it in a lot of band who have be successful - it do not sound like music anymore . it sound like ... like lifestyle maintenance . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( suddenly confessional ) I use to be able to hear the sound of the world . everything , to I , use to sound like music . everything . now I do not hear it . you know what I be try to say ? william ( ruefully ) yeah . russell man , it feel good to say this stuff out loud . but what be I do ? I be tell secret to the one guy you do not tell secret to . william ( feel include ) no , that 's okay . we will do the interview tomorrow . russell this be good . so there 's the " friend " and then there 's the " interview guy . " william yeah . russell so tonight it 's " friend " .... and when we wake up tomorrow —- " interview guy . " we will figure it out as we go , buddy . william hey - for whatever it 's worth - you guy be really good . Russell laugh at the kid 's easy naivete . he hand he guitar to the kid , and join the party . William watch , part of the crowd ... somehow feel a little compromise . he do not care . penny gesture for he to join they . 70 ext . SUN stadium — afternoon 70 William interview Larry in the seat of the empty arena . on stage , Ed soundcheck he drum . william how would you describe you role in stillwater ? what be the chemical that script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you add to the chemistry ? larry I be the bass -player . william ( press for some poetry ) right . and when you take that away ... what would be miss ? stylistically ? what chemical ? larry ( not get it ) the bass ? Larry do not give he much . 71 ext . SUN stadium —- night 71 it 's raining . the pre-show huddle break up , William a part of they . penny Lane adjust Larry 's look . she take the scarf from around he neck and tie it around he leg . he look instantly better . William watch in the darkness as Dick take the microphone . the best part of he day have arrive . in he important voice : dick good evening Phoenix . ( applause ) from Troy , Michigan . please welcome , stillwater . light come up , as the band launch into " fever Dog . " Jeff begin sing . Russell reach to adjust the microphone for a back - up vocal and be hit with something unexpected . a sharp electrical shock . it 's just a slight pop in the loud din of music , but within a moment something be clearly wrong . Russell hold onto the microphone stand with a surprised look , conduct high - voltage for two second and then he snap he hand off the metal . his face be white , he take off he guitar and walk off-stage , collapse a couple step later . 72 ext . backstage -- night 72 Dick be wave wildly for the band to board the bus , which have be pull up into the backstage area . he guide a sagging Russell , assist by penny Lane , into the bus . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dick get in , get in !! William board the bus , as the extremely agitate promoter arrive to confront Dick . promoter be you the manager of this band ? dick that , and more . get in ! promoter you do not even play a full set ! Dick whirl and unleash a anger we have not yet see , gesture with the silver briefcase that do not leave he hand . dick you shoddy stage set - up almost kill we guitarist ! promoter you trash the dress room —- you do not play you thirty - five minute . you do not fulfill you contract — dick everybody in ! get in the bus ! promoter I will report you to every promoter in the country ! I be gonna talk to Frank Barcelona ! dick you don't fuck with my band' safety ! promoter I hope you have a good lawyer . dick I am a lawyer ! he swing into the bus , as the bus revs . promoter lock the gate on ' em ! 73 int . bus -—- night 73 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Russell sit , pale , next to penny at the front of the bus . he examine he singe hand , shaking it a little to emphasize the positivity of she word . penny do not worry . it 's happen to all the great . thank God you do not hold the mike stand with both hand , you would still be hold it . this be a good thing . it 's a good , good , good thing . William sit nearby , watch Russell , make note out of eye - sight of other . the ever- wary Jeff , unseen by William , crane to see that he 's write in he notebook . Dick swing into the seat across from Russell . the bus door shut , as the promoter be still yell . doris be slow to gain speed , as estrella appear , run alongside . she knock on the window next to William . estrella I forget to tell you ! you mom say to call home immediately . she say she know what 's go on ! ( recede ) see you guy in topeka ! I will catch a ride with sabbath ! William nod with embarrassment , wave to she , as the bus race toward the now close gate . dick ( casually , to Russell ) wanna buy a gate ? before Russell can answer - bash . doris barrel through the steel - gate , snap it like a chopstick to great cheer inside this bus . dick ( cont would ) you just buy a gate . ( to the bus ) c'mon doris !! get we out of town !! the bus struggle up a slight incline , everybody root for doris , as she ease out of the parking lot and onto a thoroughfare . william what do it feel like to be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary electrocute ? russell it burn . it feel like a dose of lead shoot through you body ... and then you see God , and he say , " how bad do you want to be legendary ? " and god damnit . I let go . ( shaky grin as all laugh warmly ) rock and roll . Jeff watch this charisma with thinly veile envy . the kid scribbles in he notebook . we hear led Zeppelin 's " that 's the Way . " 74 int . bus —- early morning 74 song continue . almost everybody be asleep . William take the camera and snap a Polaroid of a sleep penny . she wake up . penny give that to I . she grab for it , they have a brief play - fight . he grab some other Polaroid from she pocket . he hustle to the back of the bus , pocket the photo , and settles down to watch the pass landscape . she chase he down the aisle . Music continue as she sit down next to he . out the window , a long -distance run team of Girls keep pace with the bus for a bit . they wave . penny watch they over sunglass , wave briefly to the real world . penny ( cont would ) ( breathe heavy , own the world ) when we go to Morocco , I think we should wear completely different clothes , and be completely different people . william what will we name be ? she snap a Polaroid of a nearby sleep Silent Ed , pocket the Polaroid . she regards Russell up ahead , also sleep . her attention have already wander from Morocco . penny what do you think of Russell ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william I like he . penny you be come to Cleveland , right ? william Cleveland , Ohio ? oh no no no . I gotta get my interview with Russell before greenville . and you have get to help I . okay ? Friends ... remember ? penny be still watch Russell . penny you should give he a break . there be real problem in the band . off the record . gravely note the word " problem " , the kid join penny in watch Russell , who be splay haphazardly , sleep restlessly up ahead . william what problem ? penny okay . I get it . I think you name should be Spencer , and mine will be Jane . william I can not keep up with you . penny no one can . william what 's you real name ? she look at he briefly . she put she arm around he . it 's intoxicating , but he do not quite know how to act . with she free hand , she gesture with a hanger . as they regard Russell sleep nearby : penny here 's the thing about Russell . he 's my last project . I only do this for a very few people . and I think we should do it together —- he be almost great . we have get to take he there . you and script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I — we can do it . deal ? because the other guy be good - but he could be great . he 's my last project . he look at she . she imitate he face back to he . penny ( cont would ) it 's all happen . 715 int . topeka arena backstage — -— night 715 William sit interview Silent Ed by some equipment case . william what do you love about music ? Ed look at he thoughtfully . it be a eloquent moment . he think . he shrug . the kid tumble with more question . this interview be not go well . 76 int . bathroom — night 76 William , look concerned over the state of he interview , walk into the backstage bathroom . he make a few surreptitious note in he notebook before notice that Jeff be stand there , clearly just finish a quick hit of cocaine offer by a local hanger - on . see the kid , he immediately hide the coke spoon . jeff hey . william hey . William pretend he see nothing as he turn to the urinal , and shot stay on Jeff , who look a little high and a little worried . 77 int . backstage pay phone — night 77 William be on the pay phone with he mother . the show boom in the background . william I know . I know . I know . ( beat ) I know . mom. Mom ... mom. 78 int . stage — night 718 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary stillwater on-stage . a great show . Russell on fire . 719 int . backstage pay phone — night 719 William on the phone . estrella lean on he , fix she shoe . william right now -—- topeka . then greenville . then home . he wince slightly , hold the phone away from he ear for a moment . william ( cont would ) I be sorry I do not call yesterday ! it 's not like you can just carry a phone around with you . 80 int . elaine's school office --— afternoon 80 Mom sit in she school office , a miniature version of she home - a fortress in which she be surround by book . the sun be go down . she can not resist a sentimental moment . elaine I guess I just miss you , and I do not understand why I have drive both my kid so far away from I . by all practical rule do not I get you for three more year ? he be touch by she vulnerability , more visible now than ever , as music continue in b.g. elaine ( cont would ) be I not fun ? 81 int . backstage pay phone -—- night 81 William have he finger in he ear . the din if stillwater 's set now blot out all other noise . it be not the time to answer this question . william I miss the last thing you say . Mom take a pause . elaine I love you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny now enter , watch . william what ? elaine ( angry , louder ) I miss you and I love you ! William now notice penny stand nearby , pick at a salad from a paper dish . look at she , he let loose with what he believe be a private confession . william I love you !! penny smile knowingly , collect he affection like another backstage pass , and turn away . camera stay on William . he be suddenly and deeply embarrassed . he 's just tell she that he love she and she know it . he hang up , traumatize . 82 int . topeka dressing room —- night 82 Russell 's hair be slicked with sweat from a show just finish . he be shirtless with a towel around he shoulder . luggage for the next city be stack by the door . russell Fire away . I be ready . I be on the " you " train . take I there . the kid plug in he microphone . Russell listen as he spring he first question . william do you have to be depressed to write a sad song ? do you have to be in love to write a love song ? be a song better if it really happen to you ? like , " if you say nothing " ... where do you write that and how do it come about ? Russell admire the many question . say nothing . he look at he hand , think . russell when do you get so professional ? in the background , penny Lane iron Silent Ed 's shirt . grinning , she cuff he shoulder . to the shirtless silent drummer , wait for he shirt . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny I be almost do with my shirt . Ed watch she appreciatively , drum silently on a rubber pad . penny kiss Russell , who swing she onto he lap . in the corner , Jeff watch they all with a vague feel of be underappreciate . and now Dick enter with a large cardboard box . dick Russell , you dad show up again . and on a lighter note . ( importantly ) gentlemen . you first t-shirt have arrive . there be a immediate buzz in the room , as Dick yank open the box fill with new white t-shirt . he untangle the first fresh shirt , and display it proudly . a silent beat as all examine it - they first t-shirt . face fall . Ed stop drum . there have be a mistake . it be a fuzzy band photo with the group name emblazon below . only Russell , who stand out front , be color — in and emphasize on the shirt . he turn away , make a noise . Jeff stare at the t-shirt . he 's just about in tear . there be a long silence and then ... Ed resume drum on the rubber pad . dick ( cont would ) it 's the record company 's mistake . and they will pay . shirt go , band happy . he drop the offend shirt into the trash , as if it be contaminate , and exit with the box . William watch as the two man , Russell and Jeff , move to opposite side of the room . Russell put on a shirt , so do Jeff . the vibe be thick . russel turn to see Jeff stare at he . russell can we just skip the vibe and go straight to we laugh about this ? jeff ( bitterly ) yeah . okay . russell ( try for a joke ) because I can see by you face - you want to get into this — script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary jeff how can you tell ? I be just one of the out -of - focus guy . russell here we go . William watch as Russell fish the t-shirt out of the trash . russell ( cont would ) here . take it . you love this shirt - it let you say everything you want to say . jeff well , it speak pretty loudly to I . russell it 's a t-shirt . Russell turn away . jeff I be always gonna tell you the truth . russell be you do coke again ? jeff oh yeah . all the time . the kid look down . jeff ( cont would ) this be big stuff , man . from the very beginning -- we say -- I be the front man and you be the guitarist with mystique . that 's the dynamic we agree on -- page , Plant ... Mick , keith . but somehow it 's all turn around . we have get to control what 's happen to we . there 's a responsibility here - russell Excuse I , but do not we all get into this to avoid responsibility ? jeff forgive I . ( continue , on shirt ) but this be the slow - move train of script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary compromise that will kill we . Russell make a disgust noise . penny Lane exit discreetly , look back at William . jeff ( cont would ) I can not say anymore with a writer here . russell you can trust he , you can say whatever you want . jeff ( eye suddenly moist ) I work as hard or harder than anybody on that stage . you know what I do - I connect . I get people off . I look for the guy who be not get off , and I make he get off . ( beat ) actually , that you can print . ( continue to Russell ) and yet , why do I always end up feel like I be a joke to you ? I feel nothing but love for you . we be a family . he look at the t-shirt and start to cry . embarrass , he grow angrier . jeff ( cont would ) you want to pretend this be not go to be a very big band . well it be . you call yourself a leader of this band , but you direction allow the t-shirt , when you allow Dick to manage we , ' cause he 's you friend ... do not you see ? the t-shirt be everything . it 's everything . russell be it my turn ? because I think we should , for once , say what we really mean . jeff oh , this be the part where you quit - russell ( stiffening ) right . I be so predictable . jeff script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary no I gotta tell the truth -- I want you to like I . but sometimes I feel like you collect people who love you and then very skillfully ... you make they feel bad that they be not good enough for you . russell stick to sing , brother , ' cause you be not gonna make it as a shrink . jeff deal with it ! and let I just say what nobody else want to say to you — russell what ? jeff you look have become a problem . 82a ext . backstage — night 82a Russell walk swiftly past a happy silver - haire man , who hold court with beer in hand . he dress too young for he age , late fifty . he be dad . dad son! russell ( dutifully ) hello Harry . dad introduce a woman much young , who eye Russell hungrily . dad he get all the good gene , huh ? meet deirdre . we be get marry in July . 83 ext . arena -— night 83 Russell walk fast outside the arena . William hustle to catch up . the two man walk in long silent stride in the cold night air , beyond the backstage area . fan begin to recognize and follow at a discreet distance . william you okay ? you alright ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Russell do not answer . russell ( resolute , wound up ) from here on out , I be only interested in what 's real . the kid nod . they walk . russell ( cont would ) Real feeling . Real people . that 's all I be interested in ... from here on out . what be real ? you be real . william thanks . a wave of warmth come over Russell . russell you know , you know all about we and I do not know shit about you . ( struggle to be personal ) what 's you ... you family like ? tell I . william well , my dad die of a heart attack and my sister believe that my Mom be so intense that she might have contribute to it . plus - russell ( immediately ) okay , that 's good . that 's enough . william it 's good to talk about it . really good . russel now see some hero worship in the kid 's face , and it make he nervous . william ( cont would ) hey , man , maybe we should go back . russell if they want I , they can find I . William turn and see nobody follow but fan . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william so listen . I have to go home tomorrow . I know this be a bad time to finish we interview . russell hey , man , you know what ? write whatever you want . I trust you . a big square chevy van slow down . a concert -goer hand he head out the window . concert-goer ( battle - cry ) wooooco0o0000 !!! you be russel from stillwater !! russell on my better day , yes . I be " woooooo , Russell from stillwater ! " concert-goer wanna go to a party at my friend Aaron 's house ?! I know you be a big rock star , but do you want to hang with some people look to have a good time ? russel regards the van full of kid . more fan crowd around . the kid behind the wheel unknowingly say the magic word . concert-goer ( cont would ) we be just real topeka people , man . he have say the magic word . a84 ext . aaron's party -— night a84 Russell arrive at the party in the rural outskirt of topeka . William nearby . 84 int . aaron's house -—- night 84 William watch as Russell slug from a Jack Daniels bottle . they sit in the bedroom of a mindblown fan , 17 year - old aaron . he have long frizzy brown hair , tie in a spray behind he . many from the neighborhood be now pour into the home . russell ( eye glow ) you . Aaron . be what it 's all about . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you be real . you room be real . you friend be real . you be more important than ... than ... all the silly machinery . and you know it ! in eleven year it 's gonna be 1984 , man . think about that ! aaron wanna see I feed a mouse to my snake ? russell yes . kid # 1 can I have you belt ? russell take it ! russel whip off he belt , give it to the fan . a joint go by , head for Russell . William intercept it and pass it on . russell ( cont would ) Aaron ? where 's you bathroom ? I want to live here . I want to eat you food , and live in you city and fuckin rock like I use to . I want to learn everything there be to know about you city and you town . and you way of be real . ( stun realization ) I use to be you . aaron down the hall by the wash machine . russell what ? aaron the bathroom . russell okay . good to know . Russell rise and squeeze past fan and head down the hall . 85 int . aaron's hallway - night 85 William follow Russell protectively . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary passing fan # 1 woocooo00 ! ! a quiet girl , 14 , turn and watch Russell pass . we linger on she face for just a moment , full of wonder . william we should probably head back sometime . Russell ignore he . passing fan # 2 ( hold red cup ) watch out , there 's acid in the beer that 's in the Red cup . Russell look at the cup in he own hand . it 's white . then , with he other hand , he grab the red cup and drain it . William wince . they move on . russell topeka . check it out . Russell enter the bathroom . William stand guard . with a finger outstretch from each hand , he lecture the fan mass in the hallway . william please do not give he any more acid . 86 int . live room -- night -- twenty minute later 86 William watch as a wobbly Russell hammond , in sunglass now , go through Aaron 's record collection . he place the album over he face , like mask . russell face . Stones . sa-weet baby James !! none of this people be gonna be around in twenty year ! plastic beget plastic !! Black plastic . partygoer be strangely fascinate by the rock star in they live room . intercut : 87 int . back bedroom -- night 87 William wait anxiously to use the phone , keep a eye on script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Russell . Russell be now strangely twist / dance with four girl in the live room , as more car arrive outside . kid on phone he 's here right now ! go ahead and put it out over the radio , tell people to bring food and beer and chick . we be at rural Route # 4 - william no no . nope . no. William take the phone and hang up . keeping a eye on Russell in the next room , he dial from a tour itinerary sheet . william ( cont would ) Dick roswell , please ? ( beat ) Dick !! I get he !! he 's okay ... I have be look after he . he 's on acid , though . I can not really tell . how do you know when it 's " kick in ? " 88 ext . aaron's backyard -— night 88 russel stand on the jutting corner of the house rooftop . the unlit , unheate greenish family pool beckon to he below . it 's kick in . russell ( bellow to the heaven ) I am a golden GOD !! Russell cackle at the joke of it all . William yell up from down below . william hey Russell — russell I am a golden GOD !! william do not jump , okay ? russell and you can tell Rolling Stone Magazine my last word be - he spread he arm , and try to think of last word . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary russell ( cont would ) -- I be on drug !! the kid cheer . William look around , remain cool . yell upward in the cold night air . william I think we should work on that last word . russell critic !! william no , I be not — russell okay I get it . I get it . I get it . I get it . this be better . last word ( spread he arm , he great realization ) I dig music !! it get a skimpy reaction from the partygoer . russell ( cont would ) ( immediately ) I be on drug !! they applaud again . william just come on down !! russell ( matter - of - fact ) okay . he jump from the roof into the cold , algae water below . he sink immediately . one kid jump in , then another , then more . everybody want to save Russell . 89 ext . aaron's neighborhood -- early morning 89 it 's get lighter . Cars line the street . and now , finally turn the corner , be doris the Bus . 90 int . kitchen -— morning 90 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William watch the effect of personal charisma . wet partygoer surround Russell , bottle of Jack Daniels still in hand , wrap in towel . now a bond have pass between they , all of they . algae drip from the corner of Russell 's face and neck . russell thanks for save my life . I will not hold it against you . twenty different kid thank he for the opportunity . ( " glad to do it , " " right on , " " damn straight . " ) 91 int . live room / kitchen -- morning 91 door open . Dick enter . find the guitarist in the kitchen , he click into time - test road - managerial maintenance . ease Russell out of he towel , slip he own jacket around he , from Russell 's hand . dick ( privately ) they have be cry for you like a bunch of whimper pussy — — russell ( woozy ) the band be over . this be my family now . other right on . he 's stay with we . dick ( soothing ) definitely . it 's all over . we will just ride on to greenville , listen to some great music , finish the tour , and leave that ungrateful fool behind . and then we will come back here , where you will live . russell I know what you be do ... and I like it . ( notice William ) look at he . he 's take note with he eye . ( beat , to Dick ) how do we know he 's not a cop ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William laugh painfully , as Russell move in , eye flaring with sudden paranoia . russell ( cont would ) he could be sell information ! dick ( to Russell ) easy . he 's you Guardian angel . Russell turn away . William shrug with style , but he linger look be fill with hurt . Dick guide Russell to the door , grab the kid and talk very directly to he as they move . dick ( cont would ) do not worry . he only mean half of what he say . william which half ? dick good question . william ( very direct ) I have a lot more . just help I get my interview so I can go home from greenville . I have to go home . ( pull he back ) I have to go home . dick hey . you save the tour . that 's good enough for now . frustrate but feel important , William hand he some of Russell 's wet clothes . William deftly retrieve Russell 's shoe and smoothly pluck the guitarist 's sunglass from the partygoer who also wear he belt . they move to the door ina pack . we hear the beginning of elton John 's " tiny dancer . " Dick face the crowd and address they in he " important " stage voice . dick ( cont would ) lady and gentlemen , the evening be over ! we hope you have enjoy yourselves , and we will see you again in 1974 !! good evening !! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William give Russell he sunglass to face the sunlight . Russell stumble out of the house to great cheer . the quiet girl break free to catch Russell on the way out . quiet girl I will never forget you . Dick pat William 's arm one more time -- good work . they leave Aaron 's house as legend . 92 int . tour bus —- morning - 5 am 92 " tiny dancer " continue on the bus stereo . Russell sit up front , swathed in a large robe , alone and silent . the other have give he a wide berth . he feel silly , and they know it , and he hate that they know it , which make he feel foolish . he sit silently . William watch he from four row back , next to penny . she kiss the top of he forehead , a hero 's welcome . he yawn . the song 's vocal begin . there be only more silence . then , after a beat , we hear a voice or two , fight the quiet and sing along . then other ... waking up ... join in . then jeff. Russell hear they and start to sing along too , louder now , without turn around . it 's a voice everyone want to hear . like it or not , this be he family . fade out fade in : 93 ext . highway —- day 93 pass sign announce greenville , North Carolina . 94 int . lester bang bedroom — day 94 lester on the phone . he be paler than ever , in a room clogge with vinyl , happily listen to the mc5 in the background . lester how 's it go ? intercut : 95 int . william' HOTEL room — day 95 it 's a small wooden - wall hotel room in greenville . polexia try on clothes . William barely notice as he talk to lester on the phone . william script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Rolling Stone be call I . I do not have my key interview . I do not know what to say . lester bang ( pace , assemble thought with he hand ) you be flipping out . that 's good . alright . this be how you blow they mind . he will ask you - this be Ben fong - torres , right ? -— he will ask you how the story 's go . here 's what you do - let 's fry he mind . tell he " it 's a think piece about a mid-level band struggle with they own limitation in the harsh face of stardom . " ha ha !! this be fun ! William scramble to make note . william ( madly copying ) think ... piece ... close on writing longhand small script on yellow legal tablet . 96 int . HOTEL bathroom -—- night 96 William sit in the tub , without water . it 's he makeshift office , he 's surround with scrap of notepaper . he write savagely , and now , savagely throw it away . 97 int . HOTEL bedroom --— night 97 in the bedroom , sapphire , polexia and penny watch the Midnight special . sapphire look at a room service menu . sapphire it say the food be hearty and adventurous . polexia ( yawn ) greenville . I be bored . penny yawn too , it 's catchy , and rise to visit the bathroom . polexia ( cont would ) hey let 's deflower the kid . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary now sapphire yawn , look in she purse . sapphire who he the quaalude from I ? 98 int . HOTEL bathroom —- night 98 penny enter to see William write in the tub . she sit on the toilet to pee . fluster : william wait . I will leave . he get up , knock he carefully organize note onto the floor . he be brim with thing to say . more than he be even able to communicate . william ( cont would ) you know , I think this be go backwards for I . penny backward ? william ( flustered ) I do not know . I just think we could hang out , maybe do some stuff back home , regular stuff , get to know each other better ... and then I would see you pee . I mean , that 's the way I usually do it . penny you be one of we . it 's no big deal . william I be not one of you . penny oh ! if you go to Cleveland , bowie 's go to be there at swingo 's , the great hotel in America . I will introduce you to he , and he security guy Dennis . William stop at the door . william do not you have any regular friend ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny famous people be just more interesting . he look at she . even sit on the can , she 's elegant and totally focus on he . william ( carefully ) well , I would be worried that they be use I . and not that anybody 's use you , but — she swoon a little , touch and move . penny Boy , if this be the real world and some guy talk to I like that - william let I finish . ( continue ) I be not famous .... but you could always use I . if anything happen . and I would never use you . even if I get famous . so you know , you always have that from I ... in the real world . if you ever have to go back there , for anything . she look at he curiously , as the door blast open . sapphire and polexia head for William . sapphire you time have come . william do he call ? ( realize they intention ) what be you -- stop it -- we be talk here . sapphire pant he . opie must die . they swarm he , drag he kick into the bedroom . 99 int . HOTEL bedroom --— night 99 steely Dan , look pale and somehow snappy , perform " do it again " on the Midnight special . the girl force William onto script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the bed , and envelope he . they sexuality be fun , untrouble . shot move past body crossing frame , onto William 's face . angle on penny across room , sit and watch . sapphire just relax . take a vacation from yourself . leave this to professional . estrella and polexia kiss each other playfully . William look confuse . across the room , penny laugh , turn up the tv , blow he a kiss . penny 's eye . across the room . his eye . his sexual awaken may be downtime amusement for they , but to he it 's a embarrassingly intense moment he share only with penny Lane -- across the room . she turn away , smile , disappear into the next room . on steely dan on the television . dissolve to : 99a int . bedroom — night - twenty minute later —- handheld 99a post-sex pajama party . sapphire , estrella , and polexia girltalk about they first rock and roll conquest . penny be conspicuous by she absence . William be under the sheet , listen , feel different , now a man and somehow one of the girl too . dissolve to : 100 int . bedrooom -- next morning 100 William be awake . sunlight flood in from the corner of the window - shade . he be surround by the fall cavalry of the night before ... sapphire and polexia . the phone ring , and sapphire instantly snap it up , still asleep . lose in she dream , she offer the sexiest hello ever . sapphire ( half - English accent ) hello . hi , ben-fong - torres from Rolling Stone . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William snatch the phone . william ( lower voice ) hello . 101 int . BEN fong - torre ' kitchen --— saturday morning 101 Ben fong - torres be up bright and early . BEN hello William , this be you editor at -- he offer the name of the magazine with a swirl that imply high - level importance . BEN ( cont would ) Rolling Stone . how 's the story ? int . greenville HOTEL room —- continuous William snap into he very professional tone of equally grave importance . william I be get good stuff out here . BEN sound like it . next to he , polexia yawn herself awake . polexia man , I need some — he clamp a hand over she mouth . BEN ( jocular but tough ) now listen . get it together . we be both professional , I do not have to tell you this . you be not out there to join the party -- we already have one Hunter Thompson . you be out there to interview and report . you get I ? this be not creem Magazine , it 's Rolling Stone . we need this story in four day . now I want to know how it 's shaping up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william it 's a think - piece about a mid-level band grapple with they limitation in the face of the harsh glare of success . BEN ( pause ) I like what we be say . let I try and get you a thousand more word . it 's in consideration for the cover , but do not tell the band . william ( conflict ) crazy . the kid hang up , now shoulder even more pressure . he unclamp polexia 's mouth . polexia — coffee . sapphire I too . greenville be so boring . ( to William ) any other city in the world and you would still be a virgin . william I be go out to find Russell . sapphire will you take the laundry ? william ( to the girl ) what be I to you ? tell I right now ! what. am. i. to. you . 102 int . HOTEL hallway —- day 102 circle have sproute up under William 's eye . the orange bag strapped over he shoulder , he lug a huge bag of laundry . he consult room list . a variety of noise and smell drift from the band room . he see room service arrive at Dick 's door , and it 's estrella who open the door . ( Dick in the background . ) she smile sweetly to William -- good morning -- as the door shut . william script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary houdini ... houdini ... he arrive at Russell 's door . two exclamation point have be sharpie-markered to the word do not disturb on the sign be gaffer- tape to he door . he look through the crack , at the bottom of the door . carefully and politely , he knock . instantly : russell ( 0.s. ) go away ! piss , the kid flip off the door . he sit down on a chair directly across from the room . push in on William , who be more pent - up than ever . he try hard not to cry , take gulp of air as a may cart swishes past , revealing ... he 's fail . he cry . fade up from darkness a super-energized Russell hammond look into William 's sleepy face . William 's eye open . his own sleepy face be evident in Russell 's sunglass . the bag of laundry be still at he foot . russell ( cont would ) we will do the interview in Cleveland ! william no. I can not . you have get to help I . I have to go home . russell come on man , we will have more time there . do not be tense !! he begin rub the kid 's shoulder . he 's waking up . there 's penny , also rub he shoulder . it be degrade ... and somehow cool too . william ( to penny ) you say you would help I . penny ( massage ) come to Cleveland . russell ( massage , hypnotically ) come to Cleveland ... come to Cleveland ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william I can not !! russell can we help it if we like have you around ! William be a bundle of nerve and exhaustion now . embarrass and frustrated . russell ( cont would ) Cleveland , my man . you can not miss out on the rock Mecca of the midwest — you be with we . it 's all happen ! penny rock and roll ! william ( weary ) rock and roll . we hear David bowie 's live version of " wait for the man . " 103 int . HOTEL room —- day 103 they sit together , hair askew , in sunglass , rest against the headboard . carefully , Russell identify he thought . russell I feel ... like he parent . penny run a worried hand through she hair . penny I know . russell I wonder how that happen . penny you ever notice that all we sentence begin with " I ? " russell I have not , no . penny " Cause we should work on that . he look at she , play the guitar a little . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 104 ext . highway — night 104 night . doris rock toward Cleveland on a muggy summer night . the window of pass house offer rich Edward Hopper glimpsis of life and people William will never meet . 105 int . william be bus bunk — night 105 William watch from he bus bunk at the back , head on elbow . look up , he see the rhythmic motion of body on the mattress above he , as music continue . William get up , nod hello to the roadie and he date on the bunk above . he move down the aisle ... to the seat near the front . a sleep Russell sit upright , hugging he guitar . penny asleep next to he , Polaroid in she hand of ... Russell sleep . the kid move on . he sit with the Bus Driver , whose cb crackle with chatter from other tour bus head to Cleveland . on the first sign — late night Cleveland sign . Music rise . head pop awake . russell Cleveland ! 106 ext . downtown cleveland - late night 106 like a slow - move shark , doris pull into empty downtown Cleveland . the street be empty . they pass the agoura ballroom , where a man with a long stick arrange the letter stillwater on the marquee . applause in the bus . 107 int . swingo' celebrity inn - late night / early morning 107 Russell and band enter like warrior , in a pack . William sag with the heavy bag in hand and over he shoulder . here , in the middle of the midwest , be a explosive rock mecca , just as promise . the feel of belong invade all that in this lobby . fan and other touring rocker mingle together . outside in the real world , everyone else be go to work . fan it 's bowie ! the lobby ignites , as William stand near penny and Russell . bowie race from a limousine through the lobby and into the elevator . he be shroud by a jacket . just the top of he electric red hair travel the lobby , as he 's hustle by security script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary man Dennis in the elevator . and out of the chaos come ... 108 int . HOTEL room — day 108 Jeff bebe and polexia smash against the wall of the swingo 's hotel room , make love . 109 int . HOTEL room — day 109 Russell and penny Lane smash against they own wall . 109a int . arena - night 109a Dick squat at the front of the stage , and talk to a few fan in the front row of this crowd . 110 int . backstage cleveland pay phone — night 110 a wild Cleveland crowd in the building . the city on this tour be get bigger , and so be the audience . and there be a whiff of business now too . Men in satin tour jacket and some disc-jockey type cruise the backstage . a hysterical fan be lead scream to the nearby medic room . few even react — it 's Cleveland - as the shot find William , tired and yawn , on the backstage pay phone . he be absolutely ready for the worst . william hi Mom . I be in Cleveland . he listen stoically . Larry and Ed watch nearby . intercut : int . live room -—- night mom sit in silence . william ( cont would ) ( rehearse ) I be fine ! I be fine ! I be fly back on Monday Morning . I will only miss one test . I will make it up . Russell listen in , hold he guitar , laugh . russell tell she you be a slave to the groove - you can not help it ! william script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( cover phone ) no . Russell grab the phone , talk to the silent mother on the other end . russell hi Mom ! it 's Russell hammond , I play guitar in stillwater ! it 's my fault . how do it feel to be the mother of the future of rock journalism ? ( beat ) hello ? silence . penny pass and stand near William , smoothing she pass . they watch a new pack of groupy prowl the road-crew . they be more glam , more trashy and less selective . they glare insolently at penny Lane . this be the future . russell ( cont would ) you have get a great kid -- nothing to worry about ! we be take care of he ! and you should come to a show sometime ! join the Circus ! elaine listen to I . you charm do not work on I . I be onto you . of course you like he . russell yes . elaine he worship you people and that 's fine with you , as long as he help make you rich . russell ( a nerve be strike ) Rich ? I do not think so - elaine listen to I . he 's a smart , good - heart , 15 year - old kid , with infinite potential . russel look over at the kid , eye narrowing as he process the truth . he 's 15 ? elaine ( cont would ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary this be not some apron-wear mother you be talk to . I know about you valhalla of decadence , and I should not have let he go . he be not ready for you world of compromise value , and diminish brain cell that you throw away like confetti . be I speak clearly to you ? russell yes , mar 'am . elaine if you break he spirit , harm he in any way , keep he from he choose profession -- which be law , something you may not value but I do -- you will meet the voice on the other end of this telephone . and it will not be pretty . do we understand each other ? russell yes ... yes ... elaine ( always the teacher ) I do not ask for this role , but I will play it . now go do you best . " be bold and mighty force will come to you aide ! " goethe say that . it 's not too late for you to be a person of substance . get my son home safely , I be glad we speak . she hang up . Russell hang up , oddly affect and shook up . william some people get she . some do not . Russell be still recover . William feel embarrassed by he mother , once again . 111 on the huddle 111 William with the band . he yawn , as the band break . Cleveland await . we follow Dick , who guide the band onto the stage platform , still in darkness . already , stomping and applause be mount . Russell turn to William before take the stage : russell you Mom kind of freak I out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william she mean well . still rattle , he take the stage . we see the unbridle enthusiasm of the face on the front row . a wave of cigarette lighter stretch out before they . dick ( importantly ) from Troy , Michigan ... Russell thwacks a couple chord . audience thunder . he turn to other member , feel chill . it 's in this moment that everything else disappear . they bow and wave , still in darkness ... each member seem to have he own fan . Dick let all this play out before finally add ... dick ( cont would ) would you please welcome to Cleveland ... more applause . this be very very very very fun . dick ( cont would ) stillwater . light come up . a full blast of audience love hit they right in the face , as they begin " fever Dog . " the band charge headlong into they set , as various fan be squeeze up out of the crowd and onto the stage . handheld on russell who be in the middle of play , as he smoothly whip off he guitar , and use the instrument to send a frenetic fan back into the crowd . he slip back under the strap , laugh . more stage climber spring up where that fan come from , and Russell now watch as Jeff bebe dodge a fan and come over to Russell to lean on he . Russell turn to share the moment with penny , dance with arm in the air at the side of the stage . 112 int . dressing room -- night 112 William in the dress room , eye red with exhaustion , finally interview Russell . he hold the mike stoically . william so when you play a great show like tonight ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Dick enter with great urgency . dick okay . I need everybody 's attention . the kid shut he eye . he know this would happen . dick ( cont would ) alright , well , the rumor be true . the record company have send a big-time manager here to try and talk you into replace I . his name be Dennis hope . I know you have all hear of he . he 's get all the big band . he 's right outside . he want five minute with you right now . I think we gotta do it . russell ( piss ) then bring he in . William shut off he tape recorder . jeff ( arrogant ) bring he in ! we will send he out on a rail ! russell ( to William ) we will finish on the way to Boston . you can fly home from Boston . William nod , exhaust , as Dick open the door . in walk a small general of a man in a baseball t-shirt , well - trim beard and bowl cut . he hold the super - new Halliburton briefcase . he be dennis hope , 25 . a man from the midwest , with a vision of the future of rock and roll . already in he head be all the thing that will come to pass . Higher ticket price . merchandise deal . Greater distribution and accounting of album sale . he shrug hello to the band . dennis hope ( completely unthreaten ) hi. russell we already have a manager . he 's be with we from the beginning . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary hope appreciate the lack of small talk . he stride the room with the joyful enthusiasm of a kid who want to build a fort . Russell watch , dismissive , hold he guitar . dennis hope respectfully . we all have we root . I believe in band hold onto they root . but that root need to be augment . I be gonna tell you the truth —- I may enrage some and enthrall other . I do not really give a fuck . you manager here need a manager . example . if you have not run out on the contract in Phoenix , you could have sue over Russell 's hand ... but you leave , negate the contract , forfeiting the deposit , and you effectively travel a long way to pay that promoter ... to electrocute you . Russell look at he hand . dennis hope ( cont would ) we can all work together . you damage have put you way into the hole for this tour . right now you owe the record company more than you have get . but you record 's sell , there 's money to be make . so I have bring a plane in , we can add more show to make - up the difference . respectfully . russell ( immediately ) we travel by bus . jeff doris be the soul of this band ! that bus have be we home since we be the Jeff bebe Band . Dick watch he loyal band with admiration . dennis hey man -- it 's travel on a pogo stick if I think we would make more money . you can play more date with a plane ... 112a int . cleveland arena — night — same time 112a penny Lane stand on stage face the empty arena . the roady script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary have pack up and move on . she be alone in the poetic and trash fill structure that be just hour ago fill with people . ( behavior to come ) intercut with : 112b int . dressing room -- night 112b the band meeting continue . russell ( passionate ) hey man , it 's not about the money ! it 's about play music , and turn people on ! the band agree . dennis hope ( delicately ) yes , of course . clearly . respectfully . but on the distasteful subject of money . just know . you be make it -- right now -- and it 's all -— - he gesture to infinity . dennis hope ( cont would ) -- out there . I be just talk about bring it -— - bring he hand together in a fist , he return it , close to he heart . dennis hope ( cont would ) —- back here . the band look at Dick , who manage not to be speechless . dick but why should we pay you for something we can do ourselves ? dennis hope ( immediately ) do you know how to keep from get charge for the ice below the floorboard of Chicago Stadium ? do you know how to do a headline tour , do you Claire rothman at the L.A. Forum ? do you know bobbi cowan , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Lisa Robinson , Jim ladd , Frank Barcelona ? ( look around , amaze ) this be Cleveland . where 's kid Leo ?? ( basic ) do you know how you get a record not press but play ? do you know ? I do not invent the rainy day , man . I just own the best umbrella . he laugh . it 's fun . Band member be now listen , curiously spellbound . dennis hope ( cont would ) because as much as you may believe that it will last forever , it do not last forever ... you biggest fan right now soon they be go to go to college , gonna wanna buy clothes , spend that money some other way , and you know what ? ( the final insult ) they will tape you record from a friend 's copy . Russell stop finger he guitar . shot move across the face of the band member . pain . dennis hope ( cont would ) you have get to take what you can , when you can , while you can . and you have get to do it now . that 's what the big boy do . the band squirm , but listen . dennis hope ( cont would ) because if you think Mick Jagger will still be out there try to be a rock star at age fifty , you be sadly sadly mistaken . now he 's reach they . they slacken roar-weary face stare back at the young dynamo . dick ( flustered ) yeah , well ... we will think about what you say . dennis hope ( casually ) no no . you do not understand . I will script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary think about it . I be not audition . I come here to decide whether I want to represent you . so I will stand outside for a moment , and think about whether I want to stay . he leave the room with a pleasant shrug . stun silence . William watch they body language . no one want to talk first . they face read as -- who be that guy , and how can we talk he into stay ? 113 int . plane -— day 113 William watch as the band stand inside the new plane . Dennis hope look on . russell this be not we . this be too much . he look around for support . grim nodd face . russell ( cont would ) ( impressed at seat ) this be too much . William watch as Russell recline . Russell grab penny , and she fall into the seat next to he . we hear the loud oncoming sound of the plane in flight , as Dennis cooly ask for penny 's seat . dennis hope do you mind ? 114 ext . private airport —- day 114 doris the bus stay behind in the parking lot , abandon near a field . the new plane lift off in the background , as the bus sit alone , as if cry steel tear . Bus Banner read simply : cleveland . reprise end of Whole lotta Love . 115 int . plane night 115 the girl sit on the jumper seat at the back of the plane , with William . 116 int . boston HOTEL room hallway -— — day 116 William trudge the hallway with tape- recorder and notebook , trolling for Russell . he pass Boston travelogue poster on the wall . a few room door be open , he look for any sign of the guitarist . William veer into Dick 's room , where a script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary poker game full of roadies be in progress . the room be thick with exotic smoke . they be a bunch of road -harden snob , smoking cigar and other item , famous to themselves , listen not to rock and roll ... but Sarah Vaughn . william anyone see Russell ? dick the enemy ! door widen to reveal Russell . russell hey ! welcome to the Road Crew poker Party . this game 's be go of for two year . dick that 's Mick - he 's with the who . that 's John - with J. geil . and that 's Richard with the eagle ... and you know the wheel . the wheel hey . grumbling roady continue play . like a old pro , the kid turn down a cola-can hash - pipe . this hand be down to Dick , and a roadie name reg from humble pie . dick side proposition . for fifty dollar and a case of Heineken , I will put into the pot ... three Lovely lady , include the famous penny Lane ... the Band - aids , who need to exit we tour before New York ... reg it 's a deal . show them . Dick lay down three ten . reg lay down three king . Dick lose . dick Three Lovely lady ... now in the custody of humble pie . reg alright , so we owe you fifty dollar script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary and a case of Heineken . embarrass , Russell notice the kid face . he lean over , and speak confidentially to he . russell look . nobody 's feeling be get hurt here . she already know Leslie 's come to New York tomorrow . they all understand . this be the Circus . everybody 's try not to go home . nobody 's say goodbye . william no , I get it . russell this be the rule that come with every electric guitar and every amplifier . they be not just write anywhere . rock and roll , brother . no attachment . no boundary . but the kid feel bad , and Russell know it . russell ( cont would ) quit look at I like that . 116a int . hallway —- afternoon 116a the kid be still stick on the road . he be in hell now . wearily , with deep circle under he eye , he shut he eye for a moment . another band be move through . sabbath roadie keep this hallway clear ! 117 int . backstage trailer / dressing room -- afternoon 117 William and penny sit on opposite end of a blue locker- room bench . it 's a small dress room , crowded with roady , guitar and man in stage of half - dress . pile of luggage head for New York sit by the door . the door suddenly open and Dick arrive with champagne and a cake decorate with a sparkler . it be place in penny 's lap . it read : unforgettable penny ... Age unknown . Boston , 1973 . they gather now as the cake sit before a surprised and enchant penny Lane . dick happy birthday from we . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William watch she face as she read the message on the cake . it have not sink in yet . Russell produce a piece of hotel stationery . he read a poem . russell so penny we friend have gain another year . but long ago , she throw it in gear . she rock the south the East and West . could you please get off this endless tour where we be Black sabbath 's fuck special guest ? laughter . russell ( cont would ) she say she 's retire though we have hear that before . she choose we ... and in penny Lane we trust she be a fan of this band . much more so than we . William watch she face . still enchant , she hand out slice of the cake . dennis hope ( to the point ) sorry the plane be not bigger . it hit she . she look at William for a clue . his truthful face do not look away . now she know . she turn to the other -- the plane be not bigger ? shot move in on penny as she blink just a little , cut into the cake , still mugging for everybody , cover it all with a layer of sweet giddy laughter . shot come to rest behind she , she head turn to connect with band member . each of they look away , nobody maintain eye contact with she except the one she now do not look at . William . she blow out the candle , vamp Marilyn Monroe -style , and suck off the frosting seductively , to cheer . Russell watch , as we push in on penny . she notice all the luggage be go , only she two case remain by the door . 118 ext . concord pavillion backstage -— early morning 118 William exit a backstage portosan . penny catch he by the grill area where catering be prepare for the outdoor event . they laminate pass swing from around they neck . thude in the distance , stillwater play for a cheer outdoor crowd . the sound of summer insect in the air . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny so it be not a birthday party , it be a farewell . William do not answer . he look at she , blow some hair out of she face . penny ( cont would ) you think you can fool I . I read you . I know what you be think . william what 's that ? penny ( touch ) you be worried about I and Russell . william yeah . I gotta work on that . penny you be so sweet . God -- if there be more of you in he ... william do not tell I this stuff . I want to like he . penny ( concerned for he ) do you miss you test or something ? he shake he head . it 's so beyond a test . penny ( cont would ) I know I be not on the plane , and I be not go on some other band 's bus . I mean , I could go with the sabbath road crew , but that would be pathetic . the girl be all go with humble pie . if you could find out from Russell -- william ( quietly ) penny - penny ( a decision ) forget it . I be fly to New York script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary myself . I have a bunch of partial ticket . I know he ex- wife , current girlfriend 's go to be there — William 's eyebrow rise . she examine he face for clue . william —- I be not sure that 's a good idea . penny ( overlap ) what ? what be you say ? what do you know ? do Russell say something ? william I do not know anything . penny I know he want I there . he give I a cake . he write I that sweet poem . william ( loud ) wake up ! do not go to New York ! penny what be you tell I ? she look so achingly beautiful to he . william because you be not who you say you be ! I think you be retire ! penny you be right . I be not who I say I be . I be just like you . I love music , so this be my family . some people like tractor , and they hang out with tractor people . what 's the worst that could happen if I go to New York ? ( little girl ) " I get my little heart break ? " william oh no . never you ! you eat people alive ! she tear some leave off a tree . he look at she , unable to formulate a response . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny ( accusatory ) I be sorry I tell you so much . you have some way of make everybody tell you all they secret . william that 's a good one . tell I too much and make it my fault . he continue walk , she follow . they have venture outside the backstage area , onto adjoin Boston farmland . the show boom in the background . penny come on . you have see what 's happen . Russell and I fall in love . how much , I do not know ... but this be the first time I have fall for someone , really fall ... since iggy , and I be not happy about it . william ( beat ) you sleep with iggy pop !? she say nothing . william ( cont would ) ( sputtering ) why do not you just tell I now , who else -- so when I go to the record store , I know who to be jealous of . because right now , it 's look like the whole store ! he 's upset . she stare at he . penny ( teasing , defiant ) you will remember I forever . I be there when you lose you virginity . william ( upset at the memory ) so be steely Dan ! it be a crowded room . she laugh , can not help it . then : penny script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you make I laugh . I think I be gonna cry . william ( continue ) I think we be go to Morocco ! there 's no Morocco . there 's never be a Morocco . there 's not even a penny Lane . I do n'teven know you real name . penny if I ever meet a guy in the real world , who look at I the way you just look at I ... william when and where do the real world occur ? I be really ... confuse here . fuck ! all this rule and all this say ... and nickname ... penny you know -- you be too sweet for rock and roll . william where do you get off ... where do you get " sweet ? " I be not sweet . I be dark and mysterious and piss - off and I could be very dangerous to all of you ... I be not sweet , and you should know that about I ! I be the enemy . penny you be not any of that thing and that 's what I love about you . William stand there in disbelief , unable to look at she . william you fall in love to keep from fall in love . penny I do not want to go home ! william well , I have to go home . and you never help I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny yes I do . william that disc-jockey in Arizona get a better interview than I ... and he be asleep . he start walk back to the stage . she follow . they be two very young kid thrash by the seas of rock and roll . his frustration increase . she just do not get it . applause in b.g . she grab he shirt . penny look . you should be happy for I . you do not know what he say to I in private . maybe it be love . as much as it can be with someone who —- william ( blurt ) -- sell you to humble pie for fifty dollar and a case of beer ? I be there ! he be instantly sorry . her world privately crumble , but she try to remain stoic and carefree . penny what kind of beer ? 119 int . humble pie crew truck -— - day 119 sapphire , polexia , and estrella bump along to the music and the road . they strain to maintain dignity in this decidedly third - class surroundings . there 's only one small blurry window . polexia who do this to we ? 120 int . william' live room -- night 120 Mom on the phone . elaine then do not come home . do not do this to I . if you be go to miss graduation , do not come home . she hang up . 121 int . production office -—- night 121 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William on the phone . speechless . 122 int . college classroom — — day 122 Elaine face she humanity class . she stand in a amphitheater - style , inner-city college classroom , decorate with colorful unorthodox artifact from she home . this earnest city college student listen to she . but she cannot continue . there be a thunder upset inside she . elaine I be sorry . I can not concentrate . ( beat , confess , unhinge ) rock star kidnape my son . 123 int . band plane —- day 123 Music . Russell and band bounce down in NYC . Russell listen to music on headphone plugge into large boom box . 124 int . limousine -— day 124 William watch , face the band from the jump seat of they limousine , head into New York . up ahead , Manhattan loom , beautiful and scary . russell " New York . just like I picture it ... " jeff " skyscraper and everything . " russell ( to William ) we show you America . we do everything but get you laid . beat . they look at each other curiously . how much do the other guy know ? 125 ext . ST . regis —- day 125 Russell and band spill out of limo . the New York cluster of hardcore stillwater fan wait outside . they hold collector 's sleeve cover album to be autograph , and fresh magic marker in hand . William in tow crawl out of the limo last . Dick go to work , pull luggage from the trunk . a serious - look fan ( lenny ) approach Russell with a autograph card . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary fan I be from the Church of lenny . we bow to he will and all that it represent — the King of the King of king . russell make it out to - ? fan to lenny . Russell nod -- of course . he sign , as Dick approach with a well - place word in he right ear . dick she 's here . William turn , expect to see penny . instead we see the long -limb , athletic , pretty and collegiate leslie . she hold a Nikon camera , and snap they picture . jeff Leslie ! dick you room be completely stock , far away from any noisy ice machine , elevator or may quarter . the air -— conditioning be already on . and here be you security key -- by the way , you look stun . leslie ( take treatment for grant ) thanks I 'llseeyoulater . nearby , the young journalist study the tour 's subtle shift in welcoming Leslie . Dick 's New York side be almost military . dick bag in five ! Cars leave for the party at six ! William study Leslie , everyone say hello to she , everyone know the subtext . nobody say a word . William pull he heavy bag out of the back of the limousine . the bag break , and the content spill out onto the New York sidewalk . bar of soap , ashtray , hotel key , crumpled paper , the contraband t-shirt , " do not disturb " sign , note , towel and thick telephone book from every city . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dick ( cont would ) you know . there be lighter souvenir . william ( embarrassed ) well -- I keep think I be go home the next day -- dick I do too . Fifteen year ago . all help he with he spill souvenir . Russell share a private look with the kid . nearby Leslie greet other band member . william Ric ! it 's Super Zeppelin fan Ric nunez . ric ( whisper ) it 's all happen . Zeppelin be at the Plaza . so 's four other band . they be party up there right now . sapphire , and miss penny Lane too ... she want you to call she . ( William react ) they be all stay under the name Emily rugburn . William take in the information , while regard Ric 's new custom shirt , which feature the word to Zeppelin 's " the rain song . " russell ( exite with Leslie ) after the party . i'11l come to you room —- I promise . we will talk . this be Leslie , by the way . Leslie , this be we wayward friend from Rolling Stone . the enemy . they shake , she smile randomly . 126 int . ST . regis front desk -- night 126 William check in . clerk script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William Miller ? Sir , you have a urgent call from a Mr. " Ben fong -torre . " he 's hold for you , right now . William take the phone . the clerk watch curiously as the kid adopt a new persona . william ( deep voice ) hello . intercut int . jann' office -- san francisco -- afternoon on a rainy day in San Francisco , Ben fong - torres stand in the copy-strewn office of the young editor / publisher jann wenner . several other editor be also present in the background , include David felton with cigarette-holder in mouth , and a prep-school fact - checker name allison . BEN congratulation . it 's gonna be a cover . Neal Preston will shoot them next week in L.A. we need you back in San Francisco tomorrow . we will finish the story here . William be overwhelm with many emotion , fear topping the list . BEN ( cont would ) you can tell the band . allison , we fact checker , need you to transmit whatever you have of the story , tonight , now , along with you note . there be a mojo at the Daily News they will let we use — william mojo ? BEN a mojo . it 's a very modern machine that transmit page over the telephone . it only take eighteen Minutes a page ... 126a ext . new york street -- night 126a the sound of foot on pavement . William look at address , hustling to the Daily News office . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 126b int . DAILY news copy station -—- night 126b William tear page from he notebook and feed they into the large and clunky earliest model fax machine -- " the mojo . " we hear David bowie . " the Jean genie . " a127 ext . max's kansas CITY -- night Al 27 William weave , exhaust , into the stillwater press party at this legendary New York nightspot . the doorman , who check i.d.s , see the kid and express great doubt . dennis hope he 's okay , he 's with we — hope shove he past the Guard , and send he into a very mature new world . 127 int . max's kansas CITY -- night 127 the famous hub of New York rock and roll . a strong whiff of decadence mix with youthful naivete . not a hippie in sight . William walk through , look for familiar face . overhead we hear stillwater . " if you say nothing . " the party be fill with scenester , long silver - haire glamster , some british journalist , and many hunch young skinny body in leather jacket . Russell grab he by the arm . russell ah ha ! there you be , ya little fucker . come on — — william I have some good news . russell -- I will piss to that . follow I . a128 int . max's bedroom a128 they enter the small bathroom . Russell bolt the door , face the urinal and pee . his own music throbs in the next room . russell Dennis hope take I aside , and want to manage I solo . say to lose the band by February . should I do it ? I have no perspective anymore . William pee in silence . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary russell ( cont would ) at what point do I just take the hint ? nobody love this band . people like we , do they love we ? william I do . russell ( then piss ) oh —- get this - somebody tell penny Lane I sell she for beer . the network of this chick ! like I would do that . it 's Jeff who tell she , right ? not you , right ? none of this guy can just calm down and be a fuckin adult . now she 's here , freaking out . Leslie can smell it . william ( exite ) wait . I have get something to tell - but he find himself trail Russell to the back room bar . 128 int . girl bathroom —- night - same time 128 Leslie in the bathroom . penny enter and watch she discreetly . they stand together , side - by-side at the mirror . Leslie look once , turn and then turn back at penny . she know . 129 int . backroom --— night 129 William sit with the band . over Jeff 's head , penny hang nearby , at the outskirt , drink and dance . they share a look , feign casualty . william you guy - — - you guy —-— ( beat ) you be gonna be on the cover of Rolling Stone . stun and overwhelm , the band wait a beat , let it sink in ... and go wild . Russell , stunne too , look at the kid . it 's big news . Jeff stand immediately , eye moist , glass raise . jeff script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( tear welling , instantly ) the cover of Rolling Stone . and we make it together . they do not just put somebody with one little hit on the cover of Rolling Stone Fucking Magazine , man . we make it . the band nod solemnly , importantly . jeff ( cont would ) ( continue ) damn it -- I be gonna enjoy this . the first time I buy that magazine the Beatles be on the cover . four of they . four of we . together . together ! they begin sing the then - current Dr. hook and the Medicine show hit , " the cover of the Rolling Stone " to William . leslie who be that girl ? she 's creep I out . she 's not with any of you , be she ? william / dick she 's with I . and now Leslie have confirmation . a symphony of look , as Dick get to he foot and move to confront penny . penny Lane 's eye fill and she run out . Russell stand ... and see William also stand . William turn and follow she . Russell stand watch , and do not leave . we hear elton John 's " mona lisa and mad hatters . " 130 ext . max's kansas CITY -- night 130 William exit as a crush of partygoer arrive . he do not know where she be . he take off to examine the cab stick in traffic . song continue . Pov william he look in the back of cab . none of they she . Music continue . he run down the street , look for she . alone in New York City . 131 int . plaza HOTEL -- night 131 William on the house phone . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william Emily rugburn , please . 132 int . HOTEL hallway --— night 132 William approach suite 702 . the door be open . he hear new band voice , and see new face . musician # 1 intercept he . william hi. I be a friend of penny Lane 's . musician # 1 be not we all - musician type be leave . william where be she ? room service arrive . some appetizer and a large expensive bottle of champagne on ice . room service guy can somebody sign for this ? William do . room service guy ( cont would ) thank you Mr. rugburn . two more musican ( English ) exit the back room party . the room be clear out . english musician she 's sick . let 's get out of here . english musician # 2 she use to be so much more together . William watch all , champagne in hand , and find she in the backroom . she 's addle and nearly pass out . william what happen ? penny lane I be not good at goodby . she sag . he grab the phone . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary penny lane ( cont would ) you be the last of my old - time friend . polexia go to England with deep purple ... can you believe that ? even sapphire 's out someplace else . all she leave be she quaalude . william oh -- wonderful . ( into phone ) Front desk ? please send a doctor . room ... what room ? 703 . 702 . both room , either room . this be Mr. rugburn , yes . my wife 's have a accident with some quaalude . yes - I will do that . the room have emptied out . just they , and the remnant of a movable party that have move elsewhere . william ( cont would ) wake up ! he struggle to get she on she foot . she tip over on she strappy platform shoe . he struggle to untie they . 133 ext . graduation -— day 133 the School band play " colour my World . " School principal at the podium . principal and now ... out graduate class ! Jane abbott ! a peppy student bound up and grab she diploma . Elaine Miller watch dolefully in the audience . 134 int . HOTEL room —- night 134 William hold penny in he arm . finally she be close to he . 135 ext . graduation ceremony -— -— day 135 principal Victor sanchez ! warm applause for another student who grab he diploma . he take off he mortar board to flash a american flag bandana . he raise he diploma in victory . 136 int . HOTEL room —- night 136 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary William hold penny Lane , and keep she move . it 's a sagging , messy slow dance . william " in the unlikely event of a water landing ... " penny " j... you will be require to wear a safety vest . " william keep go . penny " please place all stowable luggage in the overhead compartment ... out in the seat in front of you . " william ( prompt ) " seat and tray table . " penny " and seat - back and tray - table should be in they full and upright and lock position ... " 137 ext . graduation ceremony -— -— day 137 principal and now ... out " pending " graduate ! ( pause ) William Miller ... not present . Elaine applaud she son , stoically . it be a dagger through she heart . a sympathetic look from a nearby mother continue the pain . 138 int . HOTEL — night 138 they move slowly , she 's fade . william " in the tragic event of a water landing ... " 139 ext . graduation — day 139 the principal share a few thought : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary principal and to the class of 1973 , we say -- ( beat ) do not forget to remember yourself as you be today ... full of hope ... and the dream that everything be possible ... remember this , twenty year from now , when we all own home computer and we all travel in shiny electrical car that move swiftly , high above the city ... ( beat ) they key to the future be keep today alive forever . Elaine 's head lower slowly in a sea of happy parent . the day will never end . Mrs. deegan slip into the seat next to she . mrs . deegan first . release the guilt . ( Elaine nod ) second — elaine please let there be only two , because I can not get past number one . mrs . deegan second . leave a little room for the other teacher in this world . he 's out there look for mentor . elaine he 's get twelve of they . they be line up . he 's just tired of I . a140 int . HOTEL room -- night a140 William hold penny . she be very woozy . penny you will be require to ... " ( give up ) I be tired . she be very groggy , as he hold she . william well . now that I have you attention . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary and you may not remember this later , I just want to make it clear that ... hey ! ( she blink , barely awake again ) I know you have hear this before . and I have never say this to anybody , not really - well , nobody who do not legally have to say it back to I , but — ( try to be casual ) I love you . and I have a hard time share you with all of rock and roll because I - why be I nervous ? —- you will never remember this -— hey ! —- ( she blink ) I love you , and I be about to boldly go where ... many man have go before ... he kiss she . a doctor and nurse come crash into the room . they push past William and pull penny into the bathroom . he sit on the edge of the bed , look into the bathroom , as they work on she . we hear stevie wonder . " my cherie amor . " 140 int . bathroom — night 140 Doctor place a tube down penny Lane 's throat . a bored nurse hold a water - bag , lowering it to ground level . william' Pov into bathroom her foot stick out , wriggle . he watch , as music continue . on the bathtub her amber-color stomach content look like a Jackson pollack portrait of the era , with three partially dissolve pill . Doctor hand enter frame and remove they . Music continue . 141 int . HOTEL room — later night 141 the Doctor re-appear , and sit down next to William , as the nurse exit . the Doctor withdraw a three - page report form . doctor you wife will be okay for now — william thank you Doctor . doctor however , she say you be she brother . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary william ( eye report ) she 's a little confuse . the ice shift in the champagne bucket nearby . the Doctor size up the situation . doctor Nice champagne . william I do not have a driver 's license . with I . doctor tomorrow 's my wedding anniversary . I would prefer to take care of this without face the dawn at the police station . so if you can find a way to get this girl - you wife - back home to she parent , I would let you pay I anything you can afford . because you do not appear to be related to the famous rugburns of rhode Island . his eye flick to the champagne . the kid take a hint , reach over to the champagne . william happy anniversary . the Doctor put the champagne in he bag . doctor she will not be good company , but keep she awake for another four hour . 142 int . airport ticket counter -— morning 142 song continue . William and penny drag themselves through the airport . he guide she to the ticket counter . penny wear she green coat , large sunglass . he sort through she many partial ticket . they be both so tired . she shake off she coat -- she 's suddenly very hot -- and he grab it and loop it through she bag . she 's irritable , and ready to go home . 143 int . airport gate — morning 143 penny ( bare she soul ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary when I be 14 , my Mom and she boyfriend take I to a Rolling Stones concert — and I freak out and I rush up to the front of the stage and then a thousand people have the same idea at the same time and I be get crush . and I could not breathe and that think flashed through I - almost like a car accident - I think I might die . and it be in the middle of " Midnight rambler " and keith Richards see I . and he come over , and come to the front of the stage , and he pull I out . and they take I backstage and they give I coke with ice and a - anda lemon . and I never go home . william what about you Mom ? penny she always say - " marry up . " marry someone grand . that 's why she name I Lady . william ( horrify ) she name you Lady ? penny Lady goodman . william no. penny you never really get use to it , either . william well -- this -- this just explain everything . he wish it do . she rub she stomach . it 's a rocky morning . william ( cont would ) see you back in the real world . penny see you back there . she kiss he forehead , and take off down the accordian script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary lead to she plane . she drop she coat again , bend down to retrieve it . william hey Lady ! four woman turn , but not penny . she disappear . 144 int . airplane — day 144 penny Lane settles into she seat on the airplane . she notice William watch from the terminal window , and wave . stewardess please extinguish all flammable item , and return all seat and tray table to they full and upright lock position . she mouth along with the word . there be no one to share the joke with . and then a few blurry memory come back to she . she gesture to he ... understanding he more fully ... as he disappear . 145 int . airport terminal -— day 145 William walk alongside she plane , move from terminal window to terminal window . catch she glance again , he 's pick up steam . what 's she say ? 146 int . plane — day 146 she keep watch as he run alongside , still keep up with she plane . she now fully remember , and place she outstretch finger on the window . she mouth the word : I will see you back home ! on window he we run through she finger . close on william who can run no further . fade out fade up 147 int . band plane —-— day 147 Russell and William be in mid-interview . the kid 's microphone script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary be out . it 's a little bit of a rough flight . William wear the same clothes . russell why do not you come back to the party ? Bob Dylan show up . he be sit at we table for ... have to be a hour , right ? just rapping . Bob Dylan ! I keep look for you . I be go to introduce you . the kid feel pain . jeff what happen to you last night ? william it 's a log story . a sharp jolt of turbulence . Russell begin pound on the card table in rhythm . russell ( sing buddy Holly ) " Peggy sure ... Peggy Sue ... " dick please . russell " pretty pretty pretty pretty Peggy Sue ... " a moment of laughter , and then bam . Jeff 's drink rise and suspend briefly in mid-air . the plane take another mighty knock . jeff we should not be here . russell doris , we miss you ! fear be creep in around the edge . William , already a uneasy flier , look down . pilot' voice this be Craig , you pilot . it appear we have catch the edge of that electrical storm we be try to outrun . buckle up tight now . we be gonna do we best script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary to getcha out of this . the rock of the plane worsen , as all buckle up . jeff " Electrical storm ? " russell ( strapping in for a roller coaster ) rock and roll . the sky darken abruptly . William look up , increasingly nervous , stare straight ahead . the plane suddenly drop and stabilize . everyone be silent but Russell . russell ( cont would ) wooooco0o baby ! a moment later , a ashen - face CO - pilot emerge , balance himself with hand on the ceiling of the shudder plane . co- pilot we be gonna try to land in tupelo . we be go to have to cut the inside lighting for the next several minute . we find a field to land in . the kid notice Silent Ed be rub a small crucifix . dennis hope a field ? jeff I can not breathe . push in on Russell . we hear a series of unfamiliar electrical sound . the plane screwball through the sky . co- pilot it might be a rough set-down . we should be fine . ( crack at the edge ) but what we do say in a situation like this be - we would pass but before the plane ... disassembled . however , God help we , if there 's anything you want to say to each other , any secret , anything like that , now would be a good time . but just hang in there . we will get you out of this . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he return to the cockpit . the weather worsen , as the hail suddenly pelt the plane , and it come down hard . Inside light shut off . William stare straight ahead , as the cockpit door swing open - total chaos visible inside - and then shut again . dick and everyone think it 's so glamorous out here . larry ( oddly detach ) he just tell we we be gonna die . jeff ( insecurity run wild ) we be gonna crash in elvis ' hometown —- russell shut up . jeff —- we can not even die in a original city ! russell c'mon Dennis , get we a better city . nervous laughter . another sheet of hail hit the plane . leslie oh my God . push in on william just shaking . nearly in tear . hyperventilate . russell if something should happen . I love all of you . I do not think we have to do the secret thing . the plane shake . now lighten strike very close . a flash wall of electricity roll through the plane and evaporate with a burn smell still in the air . in the darkness : dennis hope I once hit a man in dearborn , Michigan . a hit - and-run . I hit he and keep on go . I do not know if he 's alive or script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dead , but I be sorry . leslie ( grip with fear ) oh my God . the plane wildly rise , and fall . it stop for a moment . a strange smooth patch . dick I love you all too , and you be my family . especially since marna leave I . but if I ever take a extra dollar or two , here and there , it be because I know I would earn it . russell I sleep with marna , Dick . jeff I do too . larry I wait until you break up with she . but I too . jeff I also sleep with Leslie , when you be fight . russell you ... sleep with Jeff ? leslie yes , but it do not count . it be the summer we decide to be free of all rule . russell ( to Jeff ) and you say you " love I . " jeff ( the truth ) I do not love you , man . I never do . russell please . enough . jeff none of we love you . you act above script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary we . you always have !! larry finally . the truth . jeff you just hold it over we , like you light leave ... like we be lucky to be with you . and we have to live with it . I have to live with you , and now I might die with you and it 's not fuck fair . William watch , catatonic . russell ( to Larry and Ed ) you hate I ? you too ? Larry stare at he . Ed say nothing . russell ( cont would ) all this love . all this loyalty . ( incredulous , giddy ) and you do not even like I . jeff and I be still in love with you Leslie . bam . the plane be pull sideways , and drop altitude . leslie I do not want to hear anymore . shut up ! shut up ! shut up ! russell ( to Jeff ) whatever happen , you be dead . jeff do not be self - righteous , Russell , not now . you be sleep with penny , that groupie . last summer , and up until yesterday . why do not you tell Leslie that ? Russell try to get up and attack he . the force keep he in he seat . he yell . loud . dennis ( freaking out ) I quit . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the turbulence worsen . William find he mouth say emotional word he cannot control . william " that groupie ? " she be a Band - Aid . all she do be love you band . and you all -- you use she , all of you . you use she and throw she away . she almost die last night , while you be with Bob Dylan . you be always talk about the fan , the fan , the fan . she be you biggest fan and you throw she away . and if you can not see that , that 's you biggest problem . Russell and Jeff stare at each other . the plane be rock very very hard . Leslie be cry . ed I be gay . they all turn to the silent drummer . ( it 's he first speak dialogue of the movie . ) then . the plane pop out from below the cloud . Sunshine spike through the embattle window of the plane , as they float downward to the city of tupelo , Mississippi . a very very uneasy silence fill the plane . no one can look at each other . out burst the co-pilot , giddy with victory . co- pilot thank God above , we're alive !! we're alive !! we're gonna make it !! shot of all the occupant , end with Russell . suddenly , the alternative seem far more attractive . we hear Rod Stewart 's " jo 's lament " as music play over they still - shocked face . 148 int . tupelo airport corridor -— -— day 148 Music continue , as they walk together like ghost in a long and very pregnant silence , ignore the kid . everything be different now . the kid peel off and throw up in a dumpster . we continue with the band , unhappily move forward . William hustle back to catch up . they ignore he . there be much bigger thought in play . no one want to speak . jeff script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary well , I think we can build on this new honesty . boom . Russell attack he , and they be pull apart . the band continue move forward , arrive at a fork in the airport terminal . William stop . this be where he must part company . he stand at the mouth of the next terminal , as the band continue , unaware he 's split off . he watch they back , they have forget he . then Russell turn , sense something miss . William . all now stop and turn . still shell - shocked , they summon a pre - occupy but heartfelt goodbye . William wave . Music continue . on airplane departure schedule William 's finger find San Francisco . 149 int . cab -- san francisco -- day 149 the kid check the address as he arrive at the mjb Building , and its next - door neighbor , the San Francisco headquarters of Rolling Stone Magazine . he still wear the same clothes from last night in New York . 150 int . rolling stone magazine —- day 150 William arrive at the front desk , get the once - over from a friendly receptionist , a paragon of new cool . receptionist leave you package at the desk . william I be not a messenger . I be one of you writer . William Miller . he be zombie-tire , with heavy duffel case and he orange bag . 151 int . rolling stone office -— -— day 151 William walk down the center aisle . editor and writer look at he , stand at the front of they cubicle to see this exhaust 15 year - old writer . at the end of the aisle , like a human finish line , stand Ben fong -torre . BEN you be William Miller ? the secret emerge not with a bang but with a slight and tired script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary nod of the head . william yep . BEN ( put it all together ) oh baby . Ben lead he into the office of Jann Wenner , the editor - publisher . 152 int . jann wenner' office -— day 152 William sit . editor be feverishly discuss the next issue . the big concern of a national magazine be in the air . everyone be focus and quick . the conversation be machine - gun like . Jann Werner turn to the kid . jann we can not run this piece . the kid 's eye travel to he story -- a stack of fuzzy - look sheet on the table . BEN you obviously see more than you write about . after eight day on the road with this guy . david felton do not anything happen ? jann and where be you in this piece ? what do you want to write ? because this read like what they want you to write . BEN what happen to you highly - tout think piece on limitation of a middle - level Band in the face of success ? William sit speechless . it 's sink in . failure . conversation continue at a fast pace : jann we can push up Chet 's who cover - fact checker script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary good ' cause it 's go to take I three day to get through this research . it 's all handwritten , on little slip . plus , they all refer to woman as " chick . " I mean , as a woman I have a problem with that . I know it 's a side issue . david felton ( sympathetic , loquacious ) it 's a " puff piece . " you fall for ‘em . it happen . a relationship form . you want they to like you . ( wistful , chew cigarette holder ) happen with I and Charlie Manson . he be a very charming ... lively ... charismatic ... felton catch himself swoon . the other be stare at he . he snap out of it . david felton ( cont would ) mass — murderer . william please let I finish it . give I tonight to work on it . fact checker Chet 's piece be all fact - check and ready . jann ( to William ) get some sleep . we will do another story sometime . we will get you a kill fee . fact checker his research be all on little bit of paper . do I say that ? william Ben . you tell I to send what I have . it 's not finish . fact checker that 's be charitable . Ben look at the kid , then at Jann . Jann scan the kid 's face for a beat , nod . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary jann let he use the big office . it 's where Hunter use to write . William rise , gratefully . he shake Jann 's hand . fact checker ( point be : he age ) you can type . william yes . it take it in grade school . 153 int . big office —- night 153 William sit in the " big " office . it 's a small white tank . after all the sound and fury , there be only the hum of a large electric typewriter . his research , transcript and some band photo sit nearby . he take a bite of a candy bar , a sip of coffee . he look at the phone . int . lester bang ' bedroom -—- night crazy jazz be play . lester Bangs on the phone . lester bang aw , man . you make friend with they ! see , friendship be the booze they feed you . they want you to get drunk on feel like you belong . intercut : int . rolling stone --— night William in the empty Rolling Stone office . william ( ruefully ) well , it be fun . lester bang they make you feel cool . and hey . I meet you . you be not " cool . " william I know . even when I though I be , I know I be not . lester bang script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary that 's because we be uncool ! and while woman will always be a problem for guy like we , most of the great art in the world be about that very problem . good-look people have no spine ! they art never last ! they get the girl , but we be smarter . william I can really see that now . lester bang yeah , great art be about conflict and pain and guilt and long and love disguise as sex , and sex disguise as love ... and let 's face it , you get a big head start . william I be glad you be home . lester bang I be always home ! I be uncool ! william I too ! lester bang ( leveling ) the only true currency in this bankrupt world if what we share with someone else when we be uncool . william ( distraught ) I feel better lester my advice to you . I know you think that guy be you friend . you want to be a true friend to they ? William take a deep breath . look at the research cassettes and notebook . the empty page . lester bang be honest and unmerciful . ( beat ) you be do great . call I later be you want . I be always up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 154 int . rolling stone outer office -— morning 154 Ben fong -torre and David felton look at William 's new manuscript with great interest . felton read I the open line . BEN ( read aloud ) " I be fly high over tupelo , Mississippi , with America 's hot band , and we be all about to die . " felton mmmmm . ( as if sampling wine ) dark. lively . BEN yeah , and it get better . ( impressed ) do this all really happen ? William sleep restlessly nearby , mouth agape , sit upright in a plastic chair . fact checker ( jealously reach for manuscript ) give it to I . I will call and check the quote . 155 int . new tour bus —- day 155 the band ride in a new tour bus . the palpable tone in the air be -— - panic . jeff look . let 's just piece together we information ... because the fact - checker ask we all about different part of the story . tony what do he write about ? what 's he use ? jeff it. all . he 's use it all . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary russell so what ? jeff so what ? ( beat ) we come off like amateur ... some average band ... try to come to grip , jealous and fight and break up — we be buffoon ! russell maybe we just do not see ourselves the way we really be . jeff he be suppose to be we friend . russell ( ruefully , remember ) I tell he to write what he want . all eye look to Russell . tony ( to Russell ) by the way , he have you on acid , scream " I be a Golden God " from a fan 's rooftop . russell ( immediately remember ) oh my God . jeff they use he to fuck we . russell ( still back at " Golden God " ) I do not say " Golden God . " or do i? dick we never take he seriously , and now it 's serious . russell I like he as a person . jeff he be never a " person ! " he be a script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary journalist ! Russell nod . he look at Silent Ed , drum soundlessly on a rubber pad . russell you . you have the right idea all along . Ed silently nod thanks . dennis hope ( nervously ) how about the plane flight ? dick it 's all in there . but do not worry , it 's all unspecific who say what . no name be mention in the more embarrassing sequence , it 's just completely obvious who 's who ! we be fuck ! silence . russell I forget he be there . dennis hope well , they have not talk to Russell - he can always deny the key stuff to the fact checker . then they can not print it . jeff ( brighten ) be that true ? dennis hope it 's war , my friend . if you would meet I earlier , he would have never be on the around . Dennis hand Russell the phone . dennis hope ( cont would ) he will live . 156 int . rolling stone office -— day 156 William be still be congratulate by he new peer . we see he woozy but beam , as allison the fact checker come out script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary of she office , wave the manuscript . she work she way through the cluster of editor . fact checker the band just deny 90 % of the story . it 's a fabrication . everyone look at William , who be speechless and confuse . they congratulation stop on a dime . the fact checker can not resist twist the knife a little . fact checker ( cont would ) you be not honest . and worse , you waste we time . william do you talk to Russell ? fact checker Russell hammond be the one who deny it . BEN ( darkly ) crazy . fact checker ( one last shot , to William ) we be go with the who - ! the kid have be sandbagge . the machine of a big-time magazine whir into action on another story , as the cluster move down the hall . someone's voice he 's just some fan ... what do you expect ? William sit there , as only David felton stay behind , brandish he cigarette-holder . he sit down next to the kid . felton well , I believe you . he look at the kid , decide to offer a personal parable . felton ( cont would ) Jim morrison once come to my house and drank a beer . the beer be still on my mantle . I be 35 year old with Jim script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary morrison 's beer as a shrine . I want to be earnest hemingway . instead . I have Jim morrison 's beer . ( shrug , he 's learn to live with it ) if you do not make you story up , good for you . if you do make it up ... good for you . the kid look at he , too tired and still in shock . felton ( cont would ) say something , so I know you be alive . william Goodbye . he exit . felton powerful word . strong. final . 157 int . backstage crew meal — night 157 Russell hammond sit down on a plastic chair with a paper - plate fill with buffet - style food - steak and baked potato . preoccupy , and several seat away from other crew member . he drink a glass of milk . out old friend sapphire take the seat next to he , hold a skimpy paper plate of vegetable . russell I feel bad . sapphire well , at least you feel . that put you in a higher class of asshole . they eat in silence . sapphire look around . the new breed of groupy eye she , as they cruise Russell on the periphery . they be bolder , flashier . she eye they back with seniority . russell what do I do ? sapphire well - you can do what the big boy do . ( he look at she ) nothing . russell script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yeah . the girl still circle Russell nearby . he 's unaware . sapphire you believe this new girl ? none of ‘em take birth control , and they eat all the steak . she look sadly at she plate of vegetable . a ever-sharp mind in last night 's clothes , she command Russell 's respect . sapphire ( cont would ) they do not even know what it id to be a fan ! to blindly love some silly piece of music ... or some band so much that it hurt ... please , they be all just after the money . shoo -—- ( in they direction ) go rob a bank ! it 's more honest ! russell be penny okay ? sapphire the quaalude incident . yeah , it be not pretty . she could have die . I always warn she about let too many guy fall in love with she . I guess I be wrong . ( shrug ) on of them save she life . Russell nod . russell well , it 's finally over with Leslie . I be go to call she . sapphire let she retire . ( he do not respond ) you want to lock she up in a house in Michigan ? please . ( he do not respond ) write she a song someday . she deserve it . something about that girl bring out the best in a lot of ... ( look around backstage ) pretty average people . she deserve it ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Russell stare into he crew meal , nodd a little . sapphire ( cont would ) ( forward think ) because something tell I twenty year from now , we will remember she ... and not much else . Russell smile to himself , know it 's true . Dick pass , place hand on Russell 's shoulder , massage a little . dick have a good vacation . I hope the band stay together . before it all go down the shitter , it be start to get really good . Dick clap Russell on the back , and move on . he turn to sapphire . russell I be not go to blame myself . I do make people happy . they just should not get to know I ... ' cause it appear to spoil everything . sapphire do not be so easy on yourself . russell what give you the right to get this personal with I . sapphire let 's not reminisce . 158 int . san francisco airport -- night 158 William move like a zombie through the airport , and collapse in a seat . he sit still in the crowded flow of human traffic . a cluster of Flight attendant pass . one stop , a stylish young woman wear a tall bubble - shape psa hat with swirl color . anita William ? he look at she . he feel like he 's on Mars , and she look like a martian . anita ( cont would ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you guy this be my brother ! male flight attendant ( ad if meeting a celebrity ) " the narc ? ! " William look woefully at they , like a dog who 's be hit by a car . anita you guy , I will deadhead back later . I think I be need . male flight attendant Nice to finally meet you . female attendant you have a good day ! anita look in she brother 's face . anita you look awful , but that 's great . you be live you life ! you be finally free of ... she . william yeah . anita hey . I will take off work . let 's have a adventure together . you and I , finally . anywhere you want to go . anywhere in the world . 159 ext . william' home —- day 159 William whistle the family whistle . sister and brother trudge up the step . anita this be not my idea of a good time . william just get I to my bed . anita ( resign ) I will deal with she . William whistle again . Mom meet they at the door . she look script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary at she trash son who have finally come home . for the first time , she hug anita first , and it 's not lose on anita . it 's a clumsy neck -hug , neither want to commit . the kid pass to he mother 's leave , with suitcase , intentionally nudging she into he sister . anita take this as a aggressive act of love , and hug she mother back . tear stream down Mom 's face . they cheek touch . Mom pull away , and see she own tear on anita 's face . think that she 's also cry , she grab a tissue for they both . 160 int . elaine's house --— continuous 160 the kid stand in the hallway listen , shaking he head , poise to enter he room , unseen by they . anita ( so worried ) what be we go to do about he ? elaine I do not know . whatever happen to he , I just wish it could have happen to I . anita the magazine kill he story . now they really hug , anita gulp back real tear . William watch they bond over the oddest thing - he failure . William go into the bedroom , the final three foot to sleep , and shut the door . a hand place a hotel sign on the door - do not disturb . slight push in . on bed he collapse with all he clothes on , almost instantly asleep . his wall , just as he leave they , boast a pantheon of rock heroes ... with a very lonely abraham lincoln ( or atticus finch ) in the center . 161 int . rolling stone office -— -— day 161 the elevator door ding open , and out walk Russell hammond . the Secretary have just finish answer the phone , " straight Arrow publisher . " she put the caller on hold . russell hi , I be russel hammond . secretary you be here regard ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary russell my life . 162 int . editorial office — day 162 Russell stand with the editor , observe the fine portrait on the wall . he 's behind enemy line , and he know it . everything in the room fascinate he . russell I do not care what happen . I do not care if you put we on the cover . but you send we a kid and ... and he be a fan . and we all make friend with he - absolutely , to get a good story . but then we actually like he . we think he 's ... show we we life in some mythic way and I guess ... we be not mythic . we panicked . jann you deny most of the story . russell yeah , well , here 's the problem with the truth . it 's too true — BEN well , we appreciate the visit . the last time a artist come here , it be buddy mile and he punch I . russell I be not punch anybody . I be personally , as of 2 pm yesterday , ona voyage of self - reinvention . this be about William Miller . ( count off finger ) he life with we , he lose he virginity , he see we at we worst , appreciate we best , he save two life , include mine ... he smuggle about a half - pound of pot into Boston , and we never even tell he - nearby , David felton look at another editor , raise a eyebrow . russell ( cont would ) -- we tell he too much , we tell he everything ... he almost die with we script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary over tupelo ... if the band survive he , it will be a miracle ... but you know , he try to keep up , and that 's a journalist to I . jann it 's too late . we be go with a different cover . russell ( immediately ) thank god. but Russell look around at the numerous portrait if dead legendary rock star , fix on the one photo close to all of they , a very vulnerable - look Janis joplin . a second think . russell ( cont would ) you tell I it 's too late . but I could go back to my hotel room and ... and o.d. tonight and something tell I you would find a way to put I on the cover of the next issue . be I right ? he look at they face . they can not disagree . russell ( cont would ) I be learn the game . ( beat , shrug ) we fuck up . we make friend with he . BEN next time we will all be more professional . russell maybe so . ( beat , a odd think ) but God forbid , the day come when sell yourself be as important as the music you make . ( rueful , to hendrix on the wall ) you might have die at the right time , my friend . jann thank you for visit . good luck . russell do what you want , but the story be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary true . long shot russell at the entrance . raise he hand . russell ( cont would ) good evening ! 162a ext . san francisco — day 162a Russell stand outside , a travel man with no where to go . oddly , and in a way that surprise he , the world begin to speak to he again ... little noise everywhere , turn into a music of its own . it 's a beautiful and compelling " silence . " he thrust he hand deep in he pocket , and take a breath of life . his head fill again with the music of the world , he begin to walk down the street . very naturally , and quite randomly , he be notice by young passersby . they can not help it . he look like a star . they can not quite figure out who it be , but it 's someone , and they begin to follow he down the street . unbeknownst to he as he walk along , deep in think , a small crowd begin to form ... follow he . 163 int . breakfast table — day 163 a quiet kitchen . anita have be cooking . a substantial breakfast have be place on the table . sausage , orange juice ... and now anita set down a plate of pancake , with syrup and butter , in front of she mother . William watch he mother face a old enemy - white sugar . anita they be call pancake . who know when we will be together again . splurge . it 's what most people call breakfast . Mom look at she child , and take a breath . elaine I go through you record . and I find a song to play for you . she go to the stereo and put on a record . the two child eye each other - what 's come next ? ( song to be choose ) the two kid eye each other again . self - consciously avoid they gaze , Mom sit and toy with she breakfast . it 's a song she clearly want they to hear . it 's a song from the heart . they look at she , amaze . Elaine look up , regards she family . somehow they be back at this table . they continue eat breakfast . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 164 on sidewalk 164 bam . a bundle of bound Rolling Stone magazine land on the newsstand pavement with a thud . someone reach in to cut the cord , as the magazine puff up into view . it 's the new issue , with Russell hammond on the cover . the title : stillwater run deep . just another stack of magazine wait to be place in the rack . fade out Music segues to led Zeppelin 's " four stick . " penny Lane 's sleep Polaroid shot of we character , feature a few self -portrait . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary