alone in the dark written by elan mastai &amp ; Michael roesch fade in : 1 1 ext . forest - night a dense forest on a dark , misty night . young edward carnby ( age 10 ) , small , thin , and terrify , run for he life . 2 the forest be pitch black . Young Edward duck between tree , under branch , not stop for anything , gasping for breath . he do not turn to look behind he . he just run as fast as he can . p.o.v. creature : tomething chase Young Edward through the dark forest . its p.o.v. be skew , inhuman . it be gain on he . as Young Edward run , beam of light become visible through the closely pack tree . something be up ahead , something bright . Edward run towards it . Young Edward burst out into a clear in the wood , run towards the bright light . p.o.v. creature : the light stop whatever be chase Young Edward at the edge of the forest . what be make the light be not visible , only Young Edward 's silhouette run towards the blind light . ext . forest - later that night 1a 1a super : 20 year ago the beam of a dozen flashlight cut through the mist of the dark forest . a dozen uniform deputy move through the forest , shine they flashlight around , search . the tree tower over they . a low fog hang in the air . the flashlight beam can barely penetrate it . ext . orphanage - night 2 a large and stately old house stand on the edge of town . a small , dense forest stretch out behind it . the sign on the front read : our lady of perpetual light orphanage . ( continued ) 2 . continued : several patrol car be park along the orphanage 's gravel driveway . deputy mill around the front lawn . another patrol car pull up . out of it step the sheriff ( late 40s ) . deputy adam ( mid-30s ) approach he . sheriff what 's go on , Adams ? deputy adam twenty kid live at this orphanage , sheriff . all twenty have go miss . sister clara ( mid -40s ) , a anxious - look nun , stand on the front porch , wrap in a shawl . she speak with two deputy . the sheriff walk up and listen in . sister clara after the power go out , I go to check on the child . but they bed be empty . every one of they . they just disappear ... ext . forest - later 3 3 the deputy sweep through the forest with they flashlight . the tree be close together , block out the moonlight . a thick mist hang in the tree . as deputy Adams move through the forest , he see a bright light stream through the tree up ahead . ext . forest clearing 3a 3a deputy Adams come through the tree and emerge into a clear in the wood . he see a shed in the clear up ahead . a bright light be post over the shed 's front entrance . 4 ext . shed - moment later 4 deputy Adams shine he flashlight around the outside of the shed . he see that the door be open just a crack . on the door be a sign mark : danger , along with the symbol for electricity . int . shed - moment later 5 5 deputy Adams enter the shed . ( continued ) 3 . continued : the shed be small , pack with electrical equipment , power cable , and various implement for repair power line . deputy Adams sweep through the shed with he flashlight . he approach a large transformer module that sit at the back of the shed . it hum and crackle with electricity . there 's a low shuffling sound . deputy Adams stop . he carefully peer around behind the transformer . the space be too small for a full - size person . but sit on the ground behind the transformer be Young Edward . he clutches himself , shiver , frighten . ext . orphanage 6 6 the sheriff stand with he deputy . his walkie- talkie crackle to life . deputy adam ( on the walkie - talkie ) sheriff ! I find one ! White , male , about ten year old . look to be unharme . he 's in a utility shed maybe half a mile from the orphanage . int . shed 7 7 deputy Adams approach Young Edward . he take off he jacket and wrap it around Young Edward 's shoulder . Young Edward pull the jacket around he and smile , still scared , but happy to see the deputy . deputy adam be you okay , son ? be the other kid around here ? young edward I do not know ... I do not remember ... deputy adam why do not we start with you name ? do you remember you name ? young edward Edward ... Edward carnby . 4 . int . airplane - day 8 8 super : 20 year later edward carnby ( early 30 ) , lean and intense , wake up . he quickly look around to get he bearing . he sit in a large commercial airplane . the compartment be full of seat passengers . SMALL boy ( age 8 ) sit next to carnby , look up at he . the small Boy 's mother ( early 40s ) sleep next to he . SMALL boy do you have a nightmare ? carnby look at the small Boy , curious . he do not respond . SMALL boy ( cont 'd ) you eat cheese with dinner . my mommy say cheese give you nightmare . want to see my coloring book ? the small Boy have a Halloween - theme coloring book open on he lap . it 's a graveyard scene , full of cartoon drawing of ghost , werewolve , and vampire . SMALL boy ( cont 'd ) I think there 's a vampire live in my closet , but my mommy say vampire and ghost be not real . she say there 's nothing to be afraid of in the dark . carnby weigh what he 's go to say . carnby you mother be wrong . be afraid of the dark be what keep most of we alive . the small Boy 's eye open wide . SMALL boy everybody else tell I not to be afraid . carnby that 's because they do not know the truth . scene 9 to 12 omitted 5 . ext . airport terminal - day 13 13 carnby exit the Terminal and head over to a row of taxi wait outside the Terminal . he do not carry a suitcase . carnby ( v.o. ) so , maybe you be think I be a asshole , try to scare this poor kid for no reason . but that 's where you be wrong . because I have get my reason . there 's a world around you that you have train yourself not to see . you have willfully close you eye . but you fear of the dark be not a weakness . it 's there to protect you from thing you would better pray you never see . my eye be force open a long time ago . now I know . just because you can not see something , do not mean it can not kill you . carnby step into the first taxi wait in the row . the taxi shift into gear and drive off . another taxi be park up ahead . as carnby 's taxi pass it , the second taxi pull out and follow it . int . pinkerton' taxi - continuous 13a 13a behind the wheel of the taxi sit jame pinkerton ( early 5as ) . his face be draw , grim . he wear dark sunglass . the driver lie dead in the backseat of pinkerton 's taxi . carnby 's taxi can be see through the front windshield , drive up ahead . ext . CITY STREET - day 13b 13b the two taxi drive through traffic . pinkerton 's taxi lag a few car back , but match carnby 's taxi move for move . int . carnby' taxi 13c 13c the cabbie ( late 20 ) , manic border on crazy , steer through traffic . carnby ride in the backseat . he look out the back windshield . a few car back , pinkerton 's taxi follow they . carnby take a burlap sack out of he trench - coat pocket . Inside the sack be a stone carve of a demonic-look head . ( continued ) 6 . continued : the edge be soft , wear -down , the detail rough away . but it be clearly not a human face . carnby put the carve back in he trench - coat pocket . cabbie you travel light . carnby trust I , I be carry enough baggage for the both of we . the cabbie chuckle as he steer through traffic . cabbie that 's pretty funny , man . what do you do ? carnby you really want to know ? cabbie yeah , man . hear about my passenger ' life keep the job interesting . carnby I be a paranormal investigator . cabbie get the fuck outta here ! beat . cabbie ( cont 'd ) what do that mean exactly ? carnby I be a effective solution to unusual problem . carnby turn to look out the back windshield . pinkerton 's taxi be still follow from a few car back . carnby ( cont 'd ) speak of which , that taxi 's be follow we since the airport . cabbie no shit ? want I to lose he ? carnby if you can ... the cabbie gun the motor and speed off . 13cc ext . CITY street 13cc carnby 's taxi accelerate down the street , pull away from pinkerton 's taxi . as soon as it 's evident that they be on to he , pinkerton 's taxi speed up to give chase . the two taxi rocket down the street , swerving past car , screeching around corner . carnby 's taxi speed down the street , narrowly avoid collision with other car and pedestrian . pinkerton just plow through whatever 's in he way , smashing past other car , force pedestrian to jump out of the way . pinkerton accelerate and try to force carnby 's taxi off the road . the taxi 's grind against one another . carnby 's taxi screech around a corner , speed into a side street that lead to the market Street . 7 . ext . market STREET 13d 13d a busy street crowded with pedestrian , open shop , and produce stall . carnby 's taxi race down the busy market Street , follow by pinkerton . they swerve and screech down the Street , cut off other car , and narrowly avoid pedestrian . but then pinkerton 's taxi zoom up beside carnby 's taxi and bump into it with a grinding crush of metal . not stop , pinkerton 's taxi continue to grind into carnby 's taxi . the momentum push carnby 's taxi around sideways . pinkerton 's taxi then slam carnby 's sideways taxi into a park car with a crush of metal and shatter glass . there 's a moment as carnby , trap inside the crushed taxi and pinkerton , flooring the accelerator to add more pressure , exchange a look . pinkerton 's expression be fierce . pinkerton gear the taxi into reverse , back up in order to smash into carnby 's taxi again . the cabbie be trap by the crush front of the taxi . his face be cover with a spiderweb of deep cut . the cabbie struggle to get loose . cabbie I be trap , man ! carnby I will draw he away ... as pinkerton 's taxi back up , it crash into a Van drive by , knock it over onto its side and spilling the content of the Van onto the street . this give carnby the brief moment he need to extract himself from the crush taxi . he wrench himself out the window , just in time to see pinkerton 's taxi accelerate towards he . carnby bolt away from the crush taxi and the trap cabbie . pinkerton immediately swerve he taxi , aim it right for the run carnby . pinkerton 's taxi rocket towards he . ( continued ) 8 . continued : carnby leap out of the way as pinkerton 's taxi crash into the side of a Building , narrowly miss he . pinkerton 's taxi be crumpled in a crash of metal and glass . carnby narrowly avoid be crush between the taxi and the building . with fluid grace , carnby roll to safety , landing on he foot . with a quick look back over he shoulder at pinkerton in he crumpled taxi , carnby run . pinkerton step out of he taxi , seemingly unhurt by the crash . he look around , but can not see carnby anywhere on the street . pinkerton run for a iron-wrought staircase that lead up to a pedestrian Bridge that hang over the Street . at the top of the pedestrian Bridge , pinkerton look up and down the street . he spot carnby , run through the crowd of pedestrian . pinkerton leap off the pedestrian Bridge , arcing through the air with superhuman force . pinkerton tackle the run carnby to the ground , slamming into he with a tremendous impact . but carnby be quick . he take the hit and spin pinkerton around with a martial - art kick . the kick send pinkerton crashing through the front window of a bakery . int . bakery 13e 13e pinkerton come crashing through the display window , landing in a pile of sticky bun and break glass . but seemingly unfaze , he just pick himself up and walk back out the front door . ext . market STREET 13f 13f carnby stand in a crowd of bystander , watch in surprise as pinkerton exit the bakery , he expression fierce . pinkerton immediately spot carnby and come after he . carnby bolt away , run into a herbalist store across the street . 9. int . herbalist store 13g 13g jar of different shape and size contain a variety of medicinal herb and other such substance be on display . carnby run into the herbalist store , make he way through the display . pinkerton leap right through the herbalist store 's front display window in a hail of shatter glass . he tackle carnby , crashing through the jar on display . pinkerton slam carnby to the ground . he grab carnby 's head and smashes it against the floor once , then twice . pinkerton tear open carnby 's trench - coat . he pull out the burlap sack . he open the sack , confirm the stone carve be inside it . while pinkerton inspect the stone carve , carnby 's hand quietly move to a large glass jar lie next to they . carnby smashes the glass jar over pinkerton 's face . he grab the stone carve out of pinkerton 's hand , scramble to he foot , and run . ext . alley 13h 13h carnby burst out of the herbalist store 's back door , exite out into a small , cluttere alley . carnby land hard in the debris , but he roll with the fall and be back up on he foot , run . the alley end in a high Wall with a billboard on top of it . the Wall have a railing along one side . carnby vault over the railing and keep run . the alley be crowded with worker unload crate out of the load dock of the Ice Factory . a beat cop walk by . carnby run past the beat cop , just barely bump into he . but as carnby pass he , he deftly grab the beat cop 's gun from he holster . the beat cop do not even notice he gun be miss as he turn , annoyed to see carnby racing away . ( continued ) 10 . continued : beat cop hey ! pinkerton run out of the herbalist store 's back door . he run directly at the high Wall . pinkerton leap up , scramble right up the side of the Wall . he haul himself up the billboard , until he 's stand at the top of the billboard itself . pinkerton look down below and spot carnby run into the load dock of the Ice Factory . pinkerton leap off the billboard . the beat cop look up , stunne to see pinkerton leaping towards he . pinkerton land on top of a move dolly of crate , crushing the crate on it . the worker push the dolly fall back , shocked . pinkerton leap off the dolly and keep chase after carnby . the beat cop fumble for he gun . it 's not there . pinkerton smashes the beat cop out of the way as he pursue carnby . the beat cop fly into a pile of crate , knock out . pinkerton follow carnby into the Ice Factory . int . ice factory 13j 13j the refrigerate Ice Factory be fill with neat row of ice block . factory worker mill about , transport the block of ice through the Factory . carnby hide between the row of ice block . he check the beat cop 's gun to make sure it 's load . it be . carnby stop , sense something . in one fluid motion , carnby suddenly spin , turn in the other direction and firing the gun . we follow the bullet as it rocket through the Ice Factory . it whizhes along , until we see carnby 's intend target . pinkerton come through the Ice Factory , run at carnby . the bullet fly directly at he . the bullet hit pinkerton in the shoulder . but it only seem to anger pinkerton further . he keep run at carnby . ( continued ) continued : pinkerton leap at carnby . carnby fire again . but pinkerton dodge the bullet and it hit a block of ice , shatter it in a hail of ice shard . pinkerton roll with he dodge and race off into the stack of ice block . carnby try to track pinkerton 's movement through the ice stack . he hear the sound of pinkerton moving , but can not see he . his gun be ready . he search around . suddenly , there 's a rush of movement behind he . carnby dodge just as pinkerton 's fist come fly out . pinkerton connect with a ice block , shatter it . carnby be back into a dead end in the Ice Factory . he turn to face pinkerton , gun ready . but pinkerton be on he too quickly . he lunge at carnby , hoist he over he head and slamming he down on a conveyer belt . pinkerton drag carnby along the conveyer belt . but carnby grab a hang chain to steady himself . with a quick kick , carnby use the momentum to flip pinkerton over he . pinkerton fly through the air towards a large ice pick wedge into the wall . the sharp point of the ice pick punch right through pinkerton 's torso , impale he . he be immediately kill . carnby lean up against the wall , steadying himself . he pull the stone carve out of he pocket to check it . in the fight , the carve have be crack into piece . but the break carve reveal something hide inside it , a small gold artifact that be conceal in the carve . the artifact be a gold circle , flat on the top and bottom , its thick round side engrave with intricate abkani symbol . this be the lynchpin artifact , the piece which connect the other artifact together . scene 14 , 15 , and 16 omitted ext . museum - day 17 17 the elegant Museum of Natural History . a wide staircase lead up to a entranceway surround by stone pillar . over the front of the Museum hang a large banner read : " secret of the ancient abkani ­ coming soon " . int . museum / MAIN hall - day 18 18 the high -ceiling Main Hall of the Museum . Glass display case be set up to showcase archeological artifact . aline cedrac ( late 20 ) , studious but dynamic , stand in front of a display case . she carry a clipboard . a heavy - set guard ( early 5as ) approach , follow by a delivery guy ( late 20 ) , who haul in a crate on a dolly . guard get another delivery , Ms. cedrac . aline check she clipboard . aline I do not have anything schedule . what museum be it transfer from ? the Delivery guy read the information on he clipboard . delivery guy for Dr. hudgen , from Dr. hudgen . aline it 's probably a error . it must be for the big abkani show . delivery guy abkani ? what the hell 's abkani ? guard ancient Native american civilization . they be this super- advanced culture , but something like ten thousand year ago , they just disappear . line you have be read up . guard not much else to do around here at night . aline pick up a crowbar and approach the crate . delivery guy say here it 's not to be open by anyone but Dr. hudgen . ( continued ) 13 . continued : guard this be aline cedrac . she 's the assistant curator . aline we have get abkani artifact come in from museum around the world . until hudgen get back , I be do all the catalogue anyway . aline pries open the lid of the crate with the crow-bar . out of the pack foam , aline lift up a heavy stone tablet carve with elaborate abkani symbol . aline hold it up , fascinate . guard where be hudgen anyway ? the show open in a few day . aline off on another archeological goosechase . he think he 's finally find the erebus . guard so he stick you with the work . at least it keep you mind off you boyfriend . aline pleasant expression suddenly turn awkward . line I will be in my office if you need I . aline quickly walk off , take the stone tablet with she . delivery guy what be that all about ? guard damn it ... I should not have say that . her boyfriend 's be miss for the last three month . Delivery guy shake he head at the Guard . delivery guy Nice go , jack - ass . ext . ship deck - day 19 19 a large ship out on the open sea . ( continued ) 14 . continued : crewmen scurry around the deck attend to a huge crane that hang over the side of the ship . chain lead from the crane into the water . dr . lionel hudgens ( mid-60s ) , wiry and severe with a sharp intelligence , stand on the deck with captain chernick ( late 40s ) . they look down at the water . captain chernick they say a sink ship be like a grave . it should never be disturb . hudgens I have be search for the erebus for twenty year , Captain . now that I have find it , I be afraid you ill- inform superstition be not enough to stop I . ext . water surface 20 20 two diver in high - tech newt suit break the surface . they signal to Captain chernick . ext . ship deck 1 21 hudgen nod to Captain chernick . hudgens bring it up . Captain chernick signal to he crewmen . the crane be engage . the chain run through the mechanism of the crane , pull something to the surface . the crane groans under the weight . Captain chernick look nervous as the crane shudder with the strain . ext . water surface 22 22 out of the ocean , the crane raise a large , heavy container . the container be about eight foot long . it be batter and damage by the ocean water , and cover in barnacle . int . carnby' loft - dusk 23 23 carnby unlock the multiple lock on the front door to he loft and enter . ( continued ) 15 . continued : as carnby walk through the loft , he pass he answer machine . the message indicator blink . carnby press the button to retrieve he message . JOHN ( on the machine ) Edward , John here . hope thing go well wherever you be this time . and , please , do not , I repeat , do not tell I about it . every time you tell I about you latest case , I get nightmare for a week . anyway , give I a call when you get back . Linda want to have you by for dinner . Lord know why , but she seem to like you . and if you have not scared aline away yet , bring she along . the loft be a large , incredibly cool - look space . in one corner be a lab area fill with high - tech scientific equipment . at another work station , dozen of drawing , map , and photo be spread out next to a flat - screen computer . a few photo be tack to a corkboard . several bookshelve , all cramme with book , line one wall . a old frame photograph sit on a bookshelf , a fade photo of twenty child sit on the front step of the orphanage . sister Clara stand with they . Young Edward sit to one side . a weapon cabinet feature rack line with gun and blade weapon . in another corner be a work - out area . the sleek , modern kitchen and live quarter be in another corner . the bed be set up against a wall of large window . outside the window , the sun be set . approach the lab area , carnby take out the lynchpin artifact . he turn it around in he finger , watch the light glint off it . ext . dock - night 24 24 the ship be dock at a mist -enshroud pier . overhead light along the dock illuminate the area . a transport truck be park on the dock just next to the ship 's load ramp . in front of the ramp , five crewmen with automatic weapon stand guard , smoking and look vigilant . scene 25 omitted ext . ship deck - night 26 26 stand on the ship 's wide deck , Captain chernick look impatient . hudgen stand over the large , barnacle - cover container . the container be secure with a heavy rusted lock . two large , muscular man , the first mate and crewman barne , check the chain connect the container to the huge crane on the deck . they be prepare to load it onto the truck on the dock . captain chernick do not you want to open it ? make sure it 's what you be look for ? hudgens the condition must be perfect . otherwise , there will be ... consequence . Captain chernick step up to the barnacle - cover container . he notice that a section of the barnacle have get scrape off in the transport . under the barnacle , the container be reveal to make of gold . chernick look startle . Captain chernick rub the gold spot on the container and look closely at it . captain chernick be this make of solid gold ? hudgens do you know the abkani be the first civilization to use gold for they valuable ? they believe it hold the power to contain evil spirit . thousands of year later , we do not even remember why gold be valuable to we in the first place . now , let 's load it onto the truck . Captain chernick exchange a look with the first mate and crewman barne . they both give he a subtle nod . int . carnby' loft 26a 26a carnby sit in he lab area , study the lynchpin artifact under a illuminate magnify lamp . the computer run a analysis of the symbol carve into the artifact . the symbol flash by . the computer beeps , ready . it have isolate the origin of the symbol . they be abkani . ( continued ) 17 . continued : carnby look over at a photo tack to the corkboard next to the work station . the photo be of carnby and aline . int . museum / aline' office 26b 26b the Office be cluttere with book , map , diagram , and strange artifact . along one wall be several ceiling - high shelving unit , each contain row of drawer . the drawer hold artifact from the Museum 's collection . aline inspect the stone tablet . she speak into a tape recorder , like a coroner recording a autopsy . aline the pictogram be late-period abkani . it seem to be some sort of ... prophecy . shadows that make ghost of man . the world of light consume by darkness . this be the first indication I have ever see that the abkani have a myth about the end of the world . ext . ship deck 26c 26c Captain chernick approach hudgen at the container . the first mate and crewman barne stand quietly behind they . captain chernick if the container 's make of gold , whatever 's inside must be worth a fortune . hudgens you have no idea ... chernick pull out a pistol . captain chernick but I be look forward to find out . chernick smack hudgen across the face with he pistol . hudgen give chernick a grim look . hudgens I suppose one should not be surprised when mercenary act mercenary . rewman barne grab hudgen and twist he arm behind he back , incapacitate he . the first mate pull out a revolver and point it right at hudgen ' face . Captain chernick wedge a crowbar into the container 's lock . ( continued ) 2 18 . continued : hudgens ( cont 'd ) you be make a terrible mistake . captain chernick the only mistake would be let you walk out with whatever 's in there . barne ... crewman barne smashes hudgen ' head against the container . hudgen be daze from the blow . captain chernick ( cont 'd ) throw he in there . crewman barne throw the daze hudgen into a storage room build onto the deck . he slam the thick metal door close . the door have a small , glass - cover peephole build into it . chernick pries open the lock with the crowbar . chernick hand the first mate the crowbar and he jam it into the handle of the door , wedge it close . int . ship storage room - continuous 27 27 hudgen struggle to he foot . he bang on the door , try to pull it open . hudgens Captain ! do not open it ! ext . ship deck - continuous 28 28 the first mate and crewman barne watch in fasciation as Captain chernick prepare to open the gold container . C aptain chernick let 's see what all the fuss be about ... he open the container . with a deep sigh , the vacuum of dry air escape . int . carnby' loft - at that moment 9 29 carnby sit in front of he computer . he scan through screen of information relate to abkani civilization . carnby suddenly wince in intense pain . he clutches he head , staggering to he foot . he knock over a desk lamp and a chair as he stumble back . ( continued ) 19 . continued : grabbing he head and try to shake off the pain , carnby collapse unconscious to the floor . he be out cold . on the work station , the lynchpin artifact start to glow . int . john' house / bedroom - at that moment 30 30 JOHN houghton ( early 30 ) lie asleep in he bed next to he wife , linda houghton ( early 30 ) . suddenly , John open he eye . John quietly sit up and get out of bed . Linda be wake up , but just barely . John walk out of the room . linda John ? Linda roll over and fall back asleep . ext . JOHN be house - night 1 31 John exit the house . he walk down the front path and out into the night . int . carnby' loft - at that moment 32 32 carnby lie unconscious on the floor . the lynchpin artifact glow brightly , emit a low hum . 3 int . museum / MAIN hall - at that moment 2a 32a a low wind waft through the Main Hall . Air flow through the space , swirl dust along the floor . a banner hang from the ceiling ripple from the breeze . scene 33 incorporated into scene 34 int . museum / aline' office - at that moment 34 34 aline sit at she desk , she back to the shelving unit . she inspect the stone tablet and take note . in one of the shelving unit , a faint glow emanate out of a close drawer . something in another drawer begin glow . then the content of a third drawer start to glow . ( continued ) 20 . continued : out of the three drawer , a low hum be emitted . aline look up , tilting she head to hear the low humming . she turn around to face the shelving unit . she be surprised to see the strange glow come out of the three drawer . she cautiously approach the shelving unit . she reach a hand out to open the first glow drawer . scene 35 omitted ext . ship deck - at that moment 36 36 as the first mate and crewman barne watch in anticipation , Captain chernick open the gold container all the way . the container be empty . the light along the deck start to flicker . int . ship storage room 37 37 the light in the storage room start to flicker on and off . hudgen look up at the light . hudgens they be faster than I think ... scene 38 omitted int . ship deck 39 39 he light continue to flicker . Captain chernick turn to the storage room door . he look back at the first mate and crewman barne . captain chernick kill he . the first mate and crewman barne pull out revolver . they approach the storage room door . there 's a whoosh of movement behind they . the three man all turn , surprised . but nothing be there . suddenly , Captain chernick be throw back by something invisible . he be hoist into the air . he look shocked . Captain chernick seem to be float just above the ground , although it be clear something invisible be hold he up . ( continued ) 21 . continued : the first mate and crewman barne look on , stunne , they revolver aim at the float Captain . Captain chernick 's body contort , as if something have be thrust into it . with a burst of blood , a hole be rip into he torso , kill he . Captain chernick 's lifeless body be drop to the ground . terrify , the first mate and crewman barne aim they 4 revolver at the empty air . they OPEN FIRE . int . ship storage room 0 40 hudgen stand at the door , listen to the gunfire . he look through the peephole in the door . the peephole be dirty , hard to see through . something frantic be happen outside the door , but it 's hard to see exactly what . there be more gunfire and then scream . short burst of automatic gunfire follow , and more scream . and then , all be quiet . hudgen grab a discard metal rod and jam it into the door handle , wedge it close . he back away from the door . the only weapon he can see be a box-cutter . he grab it , hold it out in front of he . suddenly , there 's a crash at the door . something push at the door , try to get in . the door rattle and thump from the impact . hudgen , still hold the box-cutter , strain against the door , use all the effort he can muster to keep it shut . the metal rod wedge against the door be start to buckle . suddenly , the door be still . hudgen wait . nothing . there 's a crash as another impact hit the door . the racket be even more intense . but the door hold . finally , the thrashing stop . all be quiet again . the light in the storage room stop flicker . they come back on . hudgen listen , strain to hear anything at all . cautious , hudgen pull away the metal rod . he gingerly touch the door . with a long creak , it slowly swing open . the crowbar be shake loose from all the impact . ( continued ) continued : scene 41 to 44 omitted scene 45 incorporated into scene 40 46 46 int . ship deck - continuous hudgen step out of the storage room . he look around the deck . mist blow in off the water . the night be quiet . body lie everywhere , Captain chernick , the first mate , crewman barne , the other crewmen . they weapon lie next to they slashed , rip open body . bullet hole be pock around the deck . streak of blood be smear everywhere . Shell casing and corpse be all that remain of the battle . tense , carefully look around , hudgen walk up to the empty gold container . he reach into it , press a conceal panel at the back of the container . the panel open , revealing a small artifact . the artifact be a thin hollow cylinder with a thick little protrusion on one end . it be cover in abkani symbol . hudgen take out the artifact . he turn it around in he hand . he look pleased . scene 47 omitted int . bureau 713 / hallway - night 48 48 everything in Bureau 713 's headquarters look sleek and high - tech . there be no window anywhere . commander burke ( late 30 ) stride purposefully down the hallway . he be confident to the point of arrogance . his second - in-command , agent mile ( mid-30s ) , drive and efficient , hurry to keep up . burke he better be good , mile . agent mile Sir , we be get some strange reading in the control room . ( continued ) continued : burke he be Bureau 713 . " strange " do not even crack my radar . now what 's the situation ? agent mile well , sir , normal level of paranormal activity range from three to five ... burke condescending ) yes mile . and what level be the sensor pick up now ? burke and mile arrive at the Control room . burke nod to two bureau guard stand at the entrance . agent mile we do not know . burke stop and look at agent mile for the first time . agent mile ( cont 'd ) they only go up to 50 . agent mile open the door to the Control room . 4 int . bureau 713 headquarters / control room - continuous 9 49 Inside the Control room , the bank of monitor and sensor be all light up . stream of data flow across the monitor . burke and mile stand at the doorway . agent " krash " krashinsky ( mid-30s ) , a cool and collect female tech - geek , scan through data on the monitor . she always wear a headset . burke what be we look at , krashinsky ? krash electromagnetics off the scale , Commander . agent yonek , a Control room techie , adjust the sensor . agent yonek recalibrating sensor now , sir . burke look concerned for the first time . 24 . int . orphanage / den - night - twenty year ago 50 50 Young Edward ( age 10 ) walk through the de . the light be all out . the de be musty , but clean . a sliver of light glow from underneath the doorway to sister Clara 's bedroom . Young Edward knock softly on the door . sister Clara open the door . she wear she nightgown . sister clara still have trouble sleep , Edward ? you can not stay up all night , you know . young edward sister , something 's happen . sister clara what be it , Edward ? young edward they be not go anymore . the other be back . scene 51 and 52 incorporated into scene 50 5 int . orphanage / children' room - night - twenty year ago 3 53 sister Clara throw open the door to one of the child 's bedroom . ten bed be line up along the wall . all ten of they have child asleep in they . sister Clara gasp , hold she hand to she mouth . int . carnby' loft - day 54 54 carnby lurch awake . he be still lie on the floor . his cellphone be ringing . carnby get to he foot , rub he temple , try to get he bearing . he answer he cell . carnby ( groggy ) hello ? linda ( on the phone ) Edward , thank god ! carnby Linda , what 's wrong ? ( continued ) 5 25 . continued : linda ( on the phone ) ( hysterical ) it 's John . I wake up and ... he 's just go . all he clothes be here . his car 's in the garage . it 's like he just get up in the middle of the night and walk out . ext . john' house / front porch - day 5 55 Linda stand on the Front Porch , she eye red from cry . carnby be just leave . he hold some recent photo of John . carnby I will figure this out , Linda . I will find John . carnby move to leave . linda Edward ... you have know each other since you be kid . do he ... do he tell you he be leave I ? carnby of course not . linda then where be he , Edward ? what 's go on ? scene 56 and 57 omitted ext . orphanage - day 57a 57a the orphanage look much the same after twenty year . it be slightly more wear - down , but still well - maintain . C arnby drive up the gravel driveway in he black suv . he pull to a stop behind a old , batter yellow School Bus . from a window on the ground floor , sister clara ( now mid - 60 ) watch he . a few child play on the orphanage 's front lawn . they all look over at carnby , curious , eager . carnby exit he suv . he look around at the orphanage grounds as he walk up the front step . he smile at the Children . ( continued ) 26 . continued : sister Clara open the front door . sophie ( age 13 ) stand with she , eyeing carnby suspiciously . sister clara welcome home , Edward . sophie should I make some tea ? sister clara yes . thank you , Sophie . Sophie sneak a look back at carnby as she enter the house . sister Clara approach carnby , smile warmly . sister clara ( cont 'd ) let I get a look at you . be you sleep enough ? carnby sister ... John disappear last night . and something happen to I as well . sister Clara 's expression drop . sister clara it 's happen again . a young girl ( age 8 ) run up to they . she hide behind sister Clara , stare up at carnby , curious , a little scared . carnby smile at the Young girl and she duck behind sister Clara . but then she stick she face out to watch he again . carnby I need you help , sister . I need to find the other . sister clara I will get they file . scene 57b incorporated into 57a int . carnby' loft - day 57c 57c carnby be on the phone , sit in front of he computer . while he speak , he read information on the federal missing person database . the computer process information . carnby I will let you know as soon as I hear something . ( continued ) 27 . continued : carnby hang up the phone . carnby have a list of nineteen name , the grow - up orphan from he orphanage . next to each name , carnby have write a note . fourteen be miss . five be unaccount for so far . carnby write a note next to the second - to - last name on the list . also miss . four now unaccount for . on the work station be a stack of the orphanage 's wear - out old file folder . each file match a name on the list . the database finish processing . it have find a match . a missing person report flash onscreen . it 's the final name of the list . carnby make a note next to the name . carnby hit print and the report come out of the printer . he add it to a small stack of similar report . each report have a photo of a miss orphan , both male and female . one of the photo be of John houghton . sixteen be miss . Three be unaccount for . ext . restaurant patio - day 58 58 the outdoor patio of a downtown Restaurant . carnby sit with a coffee and a cherry pie at a table for two . agent paul fischer ( mid-50s ) , precise but friendly , approach the table and sit down across from carnby . fischer why do I agree to this ? a waiter walk up . he put down a plate of pecan pie in front of Fischer . the waiter smile and walk away . carnby I order for you , Fischer . it 's pecan . Fischer give carnby a smirk . fischer you have get a good memory , carnby . Fischer take a bite of the pecan pie . Fischer pull out a file and slide it across the table . carnby open the file . Inside it be photo and report on the three remain orphans from carnby 's list . ( continued ) 28 . continued : fischer ( cont 'd ) I track down the three you ask about . they all disappear last night . same story . no suitcase . no car . just up and walk out in the middle of the night . carnby that mean all nineteen be miss . fischer I run full cross-refence . nothing much in common between they . except they all grow up in the same orphanage . you orphanage . what 's go on , carnby ? carnby that 's what I be try to find out . carnby get up to leave . he pick up the file . carnby ( cont 'd ) thanks Fischer . it 's good to know I have still get friend at 713 . scene 59 omitted ext . museum - dusk 60 60 as the sun set , the streetlight around the Museum all come on in unison , bathing the area in a warm glow . the light be all on in the Museum . int . museum / aline' office - night 61 61 aline sit at she desk , note spread out in front of she . the note show various abkani symbol . she write down comment in the margin . the phone ring . aline answer it . aline hello ? hudgens ( on the phone ) do a shipment arrive for I today ? aline it 's a fascinating piece , Dr. hudgen . I start decode the pictogram and ... ( continued ) 29 . continued : hudgens ( on the phone ) ( interrupt ) who tell you to do that ? that crate be not to be open . aline I be only go to catalogue it for you . hudgens ( on the phone ) it 's not you place to question my instruction , Ms. cedrac . leave the tablet alone . I will catalogue it myself when I get back . aline but , Dr. hudgen , I be just ... but hudgen have already hang up . aline look at the receiver , frustrated . she hang up the phone . she look up , tilting she head to hear footstep approach . the Guard knock on the open door . guard there 's ... somebody here to see you . int . museum / MAIN hall - dusk 62 62 aline exit quickly out of a service door , look anxious . the Guard scurries after she . carnby stand in front of the Security desk . aline Edward ... aline run up and embrace carnby . she hold he tightly . aline let go . they hold eye contact . then , aline rear back and punch carnby in the face . hard . carnby take the hit , rub he jaw . carnby I miss you too . aline I think you be dead , you asshole ! ( continued ) 30 . continued : carnby aline ... let I explain . in private . carnby look over at the Guard . the Guard pretend to read he newspaper . aline give I one reason why I would ever want to speak to you again ? carnby reach into he pocket and take out the lynchpin artifact . aline stare down at it , immediately fascinate . aline ( cont 'd ) it 's abkani ... carnby five minute , aline . I will tell you everything . int . museum / aline' office 63 63 carnby stand with aline at she desk , while she scan a 3 - D rendering of the lynchpin artifact into she computer . carnby I be in the amazon for six week , tracking poacher through they transport line . then I fall in with a group of ex - chilean military sell artifact on the black -market . this be find in a gold mine in the southern tip of chile . aline and how do you end up with it ? carnby I ask very nicely . beat . aline look up at carnby . aline you should have call , Edward . or write . just to let I know you be alive . aline pick up the lynchpin artifact , inspect it . she run she finger over the abkani symbol carve into it . carnby do it make any sense to you ? ( continued ) 31 . continued : aline yesterday , maybe not . but something happen last night . 63a 63a int . museum / aline' office - moment later aline and carnby stand at a work station . a piece of cloth cover up something on the work station . line pull back the cloth , revealing three abkani artifact . each of the three artifact be a gold ring , one small and thin , one medium and slightly thicker , and one large . the large ring be shape like a pyramid with the top cut off and have thin protrusion on its base . each of the ring artifact be well - wear from age and engrave with abkani symbol . aline put the lynchpin artifact down next to the other . aline they be find in completely different location . Alaska . newfoundland . Venezuela . and now this one 's from chile . carnby ten thousand year ago , it would have be like bury they at the end of the earth . aline pick up the lynchpin artifact again . she run she finger over one symbol in particular , carve into the flat top of the artifact : the dark spirit . aline the abkani 's write language be base on pictogram . combination of symbol to create different meaning . but there 's one here I have never see before . he light in the Office start to flicker . in unison , the computer monitor all go dark . carnby pull out a flashlight and flick it on . carnby you be not try to seduce I , be you ? aline give I that . aline grab carnby 's flashlight . she light they way to the Office door . ( continued ) 32 . continued : scene 64 omitted int . museum / MAIN hall 65 65 the light flicker . large shadow be cast through the area by the remain , dim light . the Guard sit at the Security desk , talk on the phone . the security monitor be all out . G uard ( into phone ) I do not care if nothing 's wrong with the grid . something 's definitely wrong with we power . get someone down here , pronto . the Guard hang up the phone . there 's a whoosh of movement behind he . the Guard turn to the sound . silence . he flick on he flashlight , shine the beam into the dark corner of the area . nothing be there . something clatter in another room . the Guard quickly turn to the sound of the movement . int . museum / hallway 65a 65a carnby and aline walk down the hallway . frame art hang from the wall . small sculpture sit on pedestal along the way . the overhead light in the hallway emit only a low glow , flicker sporadically . aline lead the way with a flashlight . they come up to a door to a second hallway . the hair on the back of carnby 's neck rise up . he touch the back of he neck , spook . aline notice . aline what be it ? carnby hair on the back of my neck just stand up . aline get it . carnby pull out he para -meter . it 's a old , batter device . the display light up as carnby turn it on . the para - meter immediately pick up some reading . ( continued ) continued : aline how come every time you show up , my life get complicated ? carnby I could ask you the same thing . carnby listen at the door . carnby nod to aline as he open the door . nothing be there . 65b 65b int . museum / ceramics room the Guard enter the ceramics room . the overhead light give off only low glow , flicker sporadically . the display case and large sculpture give off long shadow . the Guard walk through the room , shine he flashlight around . he can not see anything out of the ordinary . a whoosh of movement slip past the Guard . he turn quickly . nothing . he shine he flashlight around , look for anything out of the ordinary . he stand with he back to a display case . from out of the shadow behind the display case , a long , segment tail emerge . the tail be cover in hard , dark scale . at the end of the tail be a sharp spike . the tail suddenly flick at the Guard , pierce he through the back of the head and out he mouth . the tail 's spike glisten with fresh blood . the Guard 's flashlight clatter to the floor . the bulb break . the tail withdraw from the Guard . the Guard 's body fall to the ground , dead . int . museum / hallway 2 65c 65c aline lead the way with the flashlight , follow by carnby . the hallway be only faintly light . from up ahead , they hear a clatter sound . carnby reach into he holster and pull out he revolver . aline hand he the flashlight without a word . ( continued ) 34 . continued : scene 66 to 68 omitted int . museum / ceramics room 69 69 aline and carnby quietly come out a service door that lead to the ceramics room . they conceal themselves behind a pair of column , scan the area before they step out . the light be dim , with long shadow stretch out through the area . aline be about to speak , but carnby put a finger to he mouth and shake he head , no . the dead body of the Guard lie in a pool of blood on the ground . there seem to be no one else around . but then , silently , move with a fluid grace , a xenomorph creature emerge out of the shadow . the xenomorph creature be huge , terrifying . it be seven foot tall , cover in thick , dark scale . it stand on two leg , with long , powerful arm that end in razor - sharp claw and a segment , spike tail poise behind it . its demonic head have black , sink eye and a severe jaw line with jag , fang - like tooth . the head be identical to the stone carve in which the lynchpin artifact be encase . carnby and aline look shocked . they freeze , not move a muscle . another xenomorph creature step out of the shadow . the two creature congregate in the middle of the room . they be the same hulk , grotesque brute . the two creature start to communicate . a unintelligible language pass between they . suddenly , one of the creature look up , sense something . the creature look directly at carnby and aline , hide behind the column . the creature deliver a sharp whisper . and with that , the creature fade into invisibility . it have totally disappear . the second creature immediately follow suit , also fade invisible . ( continued ) 35 . continued : carnby I think we would better run ... carnby and aline scramble to they foot and sprint back towards the service door . a invisible creature come racing after they . all that be visible be the effect of the creature 's movement . it knock over a statue as it chase after they . the statue smashes to the ground . aline be through the door . carnby run through it and aline pull it close behind they . scene a69 omitted int . museum / hallway 2 69a 69a aline and carnby run down the long hallway , towards a pair of double - door at the other end . the service door behind they burst open . a invisible creature run down the hallway towards they . as the invisible creature run , it knock frame art off the wall , smashes aside table and chair . the creature be not visible , only the effect of its movement . carnby turn and fire he gun at the on-rush creature . but he bullet do not hit anything except the wall on the other side of the hallway . carnby keep firing , still not hit anything . the invisible creature race towards they . suddenly , the double - door at the other end of the hallway burst open . the second invisible creature start run towards they . both direction down the hallway be now block . carnby spot a open door mark storage room . he push aline into it and jump in after she . int . museum / storage room 69b 69b carnby lean up against the door , push it close . aline fumble for she building key . ( continued ) 36 . continued : there 's a crash as the creature slam against the other side of the door . carnby strain to keep it close . the door rattle as the creature crash into it again . aline find the right key . she get it into the lock . suddenly , the creature punch a claw hand right through the door . the hand be visible as it dig its claw into aline 's arm . the claw cut deep gashes into she . she scream in pain . the impact knock the key out of the lock . aline drop the key as she clutches she arm . the creature 's arm retract out the hole in the door . it smashes into the door even harder , try to break through . carnby strain against the door , try to keep it close . carnby can not hold it ... aline grab she key . she find the right key , jam the key in the lock , and turn the bolt . there 's another crash at the door . but the lock hold . carnby ( cont 'd ) be there any way out of here ? aline no ! why do not you ask I that before you push I in here ? there 's another crash . carnby and aline back away from the door . the door start to buckle from the impact . carnby reload he revolver . he have it ready . but then the crashing stop . aline and carnby listen . everything be quiet . the sound of helicopter can be faintly hear in the distance . carnby listen against the door . aline ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? carnby nod to she . aline unlock the door . 37 . int . museum / hallway 2 - continuous carnby step out of the storage room , revolver ready . the hallway be empty . aline step out behind he . she motion to the double - door at the end of the hallway . aline that door lead to the front entrance . carnby hand aline the flashlight . he grip he revolver . carnby and aline move down the hallway towards the double - door . as they move , they listen intently . the only thing they can hear be the sound of they footstep . scene 69d to 69g omitted scene 69h now scene 69c scene 70 to 82 omitted int . museum / MAIN hall 83 83 aline and carnby quietly open the double - door lead into the Main Hall . the light be dim . moonlight stream in through the skylight above they . aline shine the flashlight around . she hear a whoosh of movement behind she and shine the flashlight towards it . the sound of a quickly approach helicopter can be hear in the distance . the double - door burst open as a invisible creature smashes through they . it chase after they , knock everything in its path out of the way carnby and aline run . up ahead of they , the second invisible creature come crashing through the display case , head right for they . carnby and aline be trap between the two invisible creature . they have nowhere to run . the sound of a helicopter rise up overhead . ( continued ) 38 . continued : suddenly , powerful spotlight switch on , shine bright blue beam through the skylight . another set of spotlight beam shine through the high window lining the Main Hall . 8 4 84 ext . museum - continuous a sleek black Bureau 713 helicopter hover over the building . a pair of spotlight shine beam down through the skylight . int . museum / MAIN hall - continuous 85 85 in a hail of shattered glass , agent barr ( male ) , cheung ( female ) , and marko ( male ) burst through the skylight , rappelling down on zip - line from the hover helicopter . they each carry a sleek , high - tech assault rifle with a lamp mount on the top . they all wear full Bureau 713 combat gear , body armor with a headset comm -link and a helmet with a dark visor mount on it . the creature hiss in reaction and scramble out of the spotlight from the helicopter . the Agents immediately open FIRE . they bullet glow with a pulse of yellow light as they streak through the air . all carnby and aline can see be the Agents shoot glow bullet into the unnaturally long shadow . but the squeal of one of the creature show that the Agents ' bullet have find they target . as the glow bullet hit the creature , it momentarily flash visible , then invisible again . the two invisible creature scatter , slip away into the shadow . the Agents cut they zip -line , drop to the ground . as they land , they all flip on they rifle- mount lamp . the bright blue beam cut through the darkness . they movement be precise , control . they all have they rifle out , scan the area . agent barr have a high -tech scan device attach to he rifle . it be a update version of carnby 's para-meter that monitor the electromagnetic energy in the vicinity . it be use to detect the presence of the xenomorph creature . ( continued ) 39 . continued : agent barr reading two xenos . krash ( on the comm - link ) confirm . a long shadow slip across the room . agent Cheung see it . agent cheung there ! agent Cheung open FIRE . Agents barr and marko be immediately at she side , firing at the invisible creature . they bullet glow as they streak through the air . but the creature be too fast . the glow bullet streak through the air , but do not hit it . krash ( on the comm - link ) lose reading . agent barr Cheung ! marko ! do not let they get away ! Agents Cheung and marko open FIRE , send stream of glow bullet across the Main Hall . but they do not hit anything . agent barr scan around with he rifle- mount para-meter and lamp . nothing . carnby and aline stand back , not want to get in the Agents ' way , not equip to really help . the dim light suddenly flicker and come back on at full strength , bathing the debris of the battle in a warm glow . agent barr turn he rifle to carnby and aline . they stand they ground , face he . 8 int . bureau 713 headquarters / control room - at that moment 5a 85a krash read the data stream by on she bank of monitor . she speak into she omnipresent headset . krash readings go . you lose they , barr . int . museum / MAIN hall - at that moment 85b 85b agent barr hold he rifle train at carnby and aline . ( continued ) 40 . continued : Agents Cheung and marko move through the double - door into the hallway sweeping the area with they lamp , make sure the creature be go . agent barr ( into comm - link ) goddamn it , krash , I know . Commander burke , we be secure . and sir ... carnby be here . ext . museum - night 86 86 the light around the Museum have come back on . a pair of Bureau 713 Humvees be park with large spotlight set up in front of they , shine into the Museum . ommander burke stand with agent mile . they both wear full combat gear , visor , and headset comm-link . burke address five agent in combat gear . burke I want a full security sweep . mile , get Fischer to send he sci-and - spy boy down here . now go . the Agents stream into the Museum in formation . burke and mile follow in after they . int . museum / MAIN hall 87 87 the silhouettes of the five Agents , burke , and mile come through the spotlight beam as they enter the Museum . burke stride up to carnby and aline , who stand with agent barr . mile follow after he . burke hat the hell be you do here , carnby ? carnby hey richie . burke it 's Commander burke . this be my unit . aline they save we life . burke you use to be able to take care of yourself , carnby . gotten soft since you leave 713 ? ( continued ) continued : mile step in between burke and carnby . agent mile Ms. cedrac , I be agent mile . this be Commander burke . burke aline cedrac . pleasure to meet you . how 's the Ph.D. come along ? aline look surprised that burke know so much about she . aline it 's fine . thanks . burke see aline 's arm be bleed from the gashes claw into she by the creature . burke mile , get she to a medic . aline look over at carnby . he nod to she . carnby I will catch up . agent mile escort aline out of the Museum . burke and carnby regard one another . burke why be I still look at you ? carnby I need to know what that thing be . burke that information 's classified . if you be still a agent , you would already know . but since you be not , stay out of my way . burke turn to stride away . carnby grab he arm . burke turn back , annoyed . carnby I be ask nicely . burke grab carnby 's arm , try to twist it away . but carnby 's fast enough to slip out of burke 's hold . now angry , burke grab carnby by the collar , shove he against a stone column . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) but carnby deftly twist out of burke 's grip and shove he up against the same stone column . in the struggle , carnby 's hand flick into burke 's pocket . agent barr intervene , pull carnby away . burke straighten himself out , try not to look rattle . burke get he out of here ! carnby shrug off agent barr and walk away . carnby you be right , Commander . I guess I have go soft . as carnby walk off , he look down in he hand . he have lift burke 's i- D card out of he pocket . scene 88 to 89 omitted scene 90 now scene 91a ext . museum - later 91 91 the front of the Museum have be completely block off . there be lot of activity , as bureau agent mill around . aline sit in the back of a 713 emergency Medical vehicle . a 713 medic finish dress the cut on she arm . carnby approach she . aline nod to the medic and get up to join carnby . they speak quietly . aline I want to finish study that artifact . carnby I need to find out what 's happen to John and the other . stay in contact . we will meet up later . int . museum / MAIN hall 91a 91a burke oversee a team of agent in biohazard suit as they sweep the scene , run scan of the area on high - tech hand - hold device . photo be snap by another agent . agent mile escort aline over to burke . burke be distract by the scan device he be hold . ( continued ) 43 . continued : aline Commander , I need to get to my office . burke the museum 's quarantine until we be do . aline at least let I pack up my work . there 's priceless artifact in there . if they get damage ... burke look up at aline . he give a minute nod to mile . burke if you notice anything out of the ordinary , let I know immediately . aline look around at the Agents scan the destruction cause by the creature . aline I do not think I want to know you definition of out of the ordinary . scene 91b be now scene 103a scene 92 to 102 omitted int . fischer be lab - night 103 103 the Lab be full of sleek , high - tech lab equipment and state of the art computer . the room be light with a humming fluorescent light . surgical equipment and various piece of high - tech machinery buzz by a autopsy slab . surgical tool be laid out on a table . pinkerton 's body be laid out on the slab , face - down . Fischer stand over pinkerton 's body . he hold a high - tech hand -held scan device . the scanner be connect to a large monitor on a dolly next to the slab . Fischer hold the scanner a few inch above pinkerton 's body , pass it along the length of he . the image on the monitor match the movement of the scanner . it show a real - time internal scan of pinkerton 's body , display the skeleton , internal organ , and so on . visible on the monitor be a spinal worm curl up tight around pinkerton 's spine . ( continued ) 44 . continued : Fischer do not look up , but he tone suddenly change . fischer you should not be here , carnby . carnby stand in the doorway . he wave burke 's I - D card . carnby I be not here . Commander burke be . now what the hell be that thing inside he ? fischer you curiosity have anything to do with the fingerprint of yours I find on he corpse ? carnby the list of people I trust be short , Fischer . be it about to get short ? Fischer turn back to pinkerton 's body . carnby come up and stand next to he . Fischer take a scalpel off the table and make a careful incision along pinkerton 's back . carnby ( cont 'd ) have you I - D would he ? fischer yeah , we get dental . agent James pinkerton . he 's ex -713 . carnby he be a agent ? when ? use tong , Fischer peel back the skin of pinkerton 's back . the spinal - worm be attach to pinkerton 's spine . fischer go mia twenty year ago . presumed dead . I be try to get more intell , but he record be so classified , they be practically invisible . C arnby take the tong from Fischer , hold open the skin . Fischer make a series of incision with the scalpel , disconnect the spinal - worm from pinkerton 's spine . carnby it 's fuse with he nervous system . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) fischer I have never see this kind of symbiosis before . Fischer pull the spinal - worm out of pinkerton 's open back with a pair of tong . it hang limply , motionless . the spinal - worm be long and thick , cover with hard , dark scale . it have dozen of tiny claw foot that be connect to pinkerton 's spine . ischer drop the spinal - worm in a tub . ischer notice the hand -held scan device be beeping faintly , still register something . he look at the read - out , curious , then concerned . fischer ( cont 'd ) scanner 's still read something ... Fischer run the scanner over pinkerton 's corpse . nothing . now Fischer look even more concerned . he turn the scanner on himself , run it up and down he torso . nothing . Fischer look at carnby . carnby get it . it might be he . Fischer run the scanner over carnby 's torso . the scanner immediately start beeping louder . they exchange a look between they . something 's inside carnby . 103a int . museum / aline' office - later 103a aline sit at she desk , analyze the 3 - D scan she make of the lynchpin artifact . hudgens ( o.s. ) the abkani never cease to amaze I . line turn , startle , to see hudgen stand behind she . hudgen demeanor be friendly , reassure . hudgens ( cont 'd ) such a complex society at a time when most of humanity be still hunt and gather and huddle around fire . aline Dr. hudgen . when do you get back ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : hudgens a few hour ago . I hear there be some excitement . be you alright ? aline I be fine . a bit shake up . but fine . hudgens I apologize for snap at you earlier . now , what be you still do here after all you have be through ? hudgen crane he neck to see aline 's computer screen . his eye light up when he see the scan of the lynchpin artifact . hudgens ( cont 'd ) where do you get that image ? aline hesitates . hudgen look curious , friendly . aline Edward . hudgens this be a major find . I will need to analyze it . confirm its authenticity . aline I can do that myself . hudgens that be not a request ... hudgen stand up to he full height , suddenly menace . hudgens ( cont 'd ) where be the artifact ? agent cheung ( o.s. ) everything okay in here ? agent Cheung stand at the door , still wear she full 713 combat gear . her visor be up . she casually hold she rifle . hudgens and you be ? agent cheung Ms. cedrac 's security detail . hudgens my dear , do you have any idea who I ... ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) agent cheung ( interrupt ) Dr. lionel hudgen . former agent , sci-and - spy division . currently 713 advisor status . I know exactly who you be . but I be not you " dear " anything . hudgen look back at aline and smile warmly . hudgens I will just have to hold off my curiosity until morning . aline smile stiffly . hudgen move to leave . aline Dr. hudgen ... I forget to ask . do you find the erebus this time ? hudgen turn back and give aline another smile . hudgens just a empty shipwreck . you be right . it be another wild goosechase . hudgen exit quickly . aline and agent Cheung watch he go . aline since when do I have a security detail ? agent cheung since it seem like you need it . int . fischer be lab - later 104 104 carnby lie on a bed with he shirt off . Fischer run the hand -held scanner over carnby 's torso . he look at the result of carnby 's scan on a monitor . a spinal worm be visible around carnby 's spine . but it look different than the other . it be small and shrivel and seem barely attach to the spine . fischer there 's one inside you too . but the symbiosis be incomplete . carnby can you remove it ? fischer I could try . but it might paralyze you . 48 . 104a int . museum / aline' office - later 104a aline sit at she computer , check out 3 - D scan of the four abkani artifact . she be run a analysis the symbol carve into each artifact . stream of calculation run across the screen as the computer process . the computer beeps as it come to a conclusion . the symbol correlate to constellation in the night sky . aline hit copy on she computer and it burn a CD of the information she have process . aline search through a roll of map . she pull out a map of North America and lay it out on a work station . aline draw line across the map , try to pinpoint a location base on the constellation . she mark the map up with latitude and longitude calculation . she stop . she look back up at the computer screen . she tap she pen on the map . she look frustrated . aline what 's miss ... the computer beeps again . the CD copy have be make . aline roll up the map and start to pack up she belonging . scene 105 and 106 omitted int . fischer be lab - later 107 107 Fischer and carnby stand in front of a open armory cabinet . sleek 713 assault rifle be line up on a rack beside they . they stand on either side of a counter . a large monitor be on the wall behind they . carnby I be not much for coincidence . this organism must be connect to that thing from the museum . fischer we call they xenomorphs . carnby catchy . when do they first appear ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : with a remote control , Fischer click through image on the monitor as he talk . he bring up a series of anatomical schematics of the xenomorph creature . fischer two year ago . they have be 713 's top priority ever since . but it 's be almost exclusively in rural area . this kind of urban infiltration be unprecedented . carnby have you isolate any weakness ? Fischer bring up a image of the periodic table . fischer most metal pass right through they . so normal bullet and blade be useless . but they be vulnerable to element 76 to 79 . osmium , iridium , platinum , and gold . negates they ability to disrupt electricity . carnby if they disrupt electricity , why do my flashlight still work ? fischer the closer the current to its power source , the less disruption . Fischer take a hand -held para-meter scan device off a rack . it be a sleek , update version of carnby 's para-meter , similar to the Agents ' rifle - mount scanner . fischer ( cont 'd ) this be calibrate to track they disruption field . it will not help you see they , but you will know when they be nearby . Fischer bring up a computer simulation of the creature ' disruption field , display how it work . fischer ( cont 'd ) they live almost exclusively in darkness . sunlight 's lethal in large dose . but only certain light frequency hurt they . Fischer take a rifle off the rack and lay it down on the counter in front of they . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) off another rack , Fischer pick up a lamp . he flip it on and off , shine the bright blue beam around . Fischer snap the lamp into place at the top of the rifle . ischer ( cont 'd ) this lamp be set to a effective frequency . Fischer take out several magazine of ammo out of the cabinet . he discharge a bullet . it glow yellow in he hand . fischer ( cont 'd ) but for maximum damage , we use bullet coat in a photon - accelerate luminescent resin . cut right through they . Fischer hand the rifle and a magazine to carnby . carnby load the magazine and check the rifle like a pro . carnby I be go to need a lot of that . scene 107a incorporated into scene 107 scene 108 to 114 omitted int . carnby' loft - day 115 115 carnby unlock the multiple lock on the front door to he loft and enter . he carry a heavy duffle - bag . he look exhaust . warily , carnby hold out the hand -held scanner , check to see if it register anything . but the loft read clean . carnby put the scanner down on a counter and allow himself to relax as he enter the loft . carnby walk in slowly , a man whose adrenaline be wear off and be only now feel the pain . he shrug off he trench - coat and let it drop on the floor . he drop the duffle - bag on the floor . he kick off he boot . he pull off he holster and gun and drop they on a table . carnby take out the lynchpin artifact . he put it down on a work station in the lab area . carnby pull off he shirt . his back be mark with old scar and fresh bruise . ( continued ) carnby walk over to he bed . he drop down onto the bed . his body sink down , finally relax . carnby five minute ... carnby fall fast asleep . int . fischer' lab 116 116 Fischer sit at he computer . he be go through the Bureau 713 database . he pull up pinkerton 's file . a red classified sign flash onscreen . Fischer type in a password . classified flash again . agent mile ( o.s. ) Fischer ... Fischer turn to see agent mile stand at the door . agent mile ( cont 'd ) Commander burke want to see you . 116a int . hudgens ' laboratory 116a hudgen walk through a dank cement room . various piece of scientific equipment sit in a corner . shelves be line with ancient artifact , small sculpture , and mask . hudgen stop at a work station and pause . a look of pain cross he face . he wince , hold it in . he steady himself . at the other side of the Lab be a large recess in the space . the open be cover by thick cage bar cover in gold . the cage appear to be empty . but suddenly , a invisible creature slam into the bar of the cage , try to lunge at hudgen . as it hit the bar , finger of electricity jolt through it , make it visible for a split second . hudgen watch calmly . he go to a small dial build into the wall beside the cage . hudgen turn up the dial . in the cage , jag bolt of electricity jolt around the invisible creature . it squeal and hiss from the electricity . ( continued ) 52 . continued : finally , the creature collapse and fade visible . the creature be unconscious , but still alive . hudgen turn the dial back down . hudgen pick up a hypodermic syringe from a counter next to the cage . he inject the syringe into the creature 's neck , between two of its scale . he withdraw a syringe - full of the creature 's black , sticky blood . he go back to the work station , roll up the sleeve of he shirt . his arm be pock with injection mark . hudgen tie off he arm , prep a vein , and inject himself with the syringe of creature 's blood . he close he eye , feel the substance flow into he . scene 116b now scene 119b ext . carnby' build - day 117 117 aline walk up to a impose , slightly decrepit-look old brick building in a bad area of town . she go to press the buzzer , but the box be break , the wire limply hang out . she knock on the door . no answer . she stop , annoyed . but then a slight , involuntary smile come across she face . aline fish in she purse and pull out a set of key . she find the key she 's look for and slip it into the lock on the front door . she pause for a moment , then turn the key . scene 118 omitted int . carnby' loft - continuous 119 119 aline enter the loft . she look around . line Edward ? aline close the door behind she . she take another few step into the loft . ( continued ) 53 . continued : she spot carnby 's discard trench - coat on the floor . she walk up and pick it up with two finger . aline ( cont 'd ) I see nothing 's change ... aline hang the coat on a hook . she enter the loft proper , look around . aline ( cont 'd ) Edward ? aline stop . she see carnby lie on he bed , asleep . she smile . he look peaceful . aline see the lynchpin artifact sit in the lab area . she unpack she bag , take out three item wrap in cloth . she place the three item next to the lynchpin artifact . she look over at carnby , sleep in he bed . aline kick off she shoe and walk over to the bed . she climb onto the bed , careful not to disturb carnby . he stir a little , but he do not wake up . aline lie down next to carnby on the bed . she notice the new scar and bruise along he back . aline lay she head on a pillow . they face lie close together . she watch carnby sleep . aline lean over and give carnby the lightest of kiss . he do not wake up . aline ( cont 'd ) sweet dream ... aline 's eye flutter close , then open , then close again . within second , she 's asleep . scene 119a now scene 116a 119b int . bureau 713 headquarters / control room 119b burke stand behind krash at the monitor bank , surveying the income information . ( continued ) 54 . continued : agent mile hold the door open as Fischer enter . mile stand at the door , listen . burke do not face Fischer . burke have you be meeting with carnby ? fischer yes . he 's get intell we need . and I trust he . burke turn around to face Fischer . urke we have get to trust each other , Fischer . be you with we or not ? Fischer weigh he answer . F ischer what do you need from I ? burke all the intell you have get on Edward carnby . 119c int . fischer' house / kitchen - dusk 119c the Kitchen be comfortable , live in . Fischer 's suit jacket hang on the back of a chair . his revolver and holster also hang on the chair . Fischer 's wife , sarah fischer ( early 5as ) stir the content of a pot with a wooden spoon . Fischer make a salad . fischer what else could I do ? I have to tell he . sarah fischer you do the right thing , Paul . from what you have tell I , carnby can take care of himself . the doorbell ring . sarah fischer ( cont 'd ) I will get it . you stir . Sarah hand Fischer the wooden spoon . she give he a quick , warm kiss . she exit the room . 55 . 119d int . fischer' house / foyer 119d Sarah Fischer hurry to the front door . she check she appearance in a mirror in the foyer . she touch she hair , purse she lip , and turn to the door . she open the front door , a pleasant expression on she face . 119e int . fischer' house / kitchen 119e the light in the Kitchen start to flicker . Fischer freeze , listen . the House be quiet . Fischer dive for the revolver hang in he holster on the chair . he pull a container of glow bullet out of the pocket of he jacket . the container spill on the floor . he scramble to pick up the bullet and load they into the revolver . Fischer edge to the Kitchen door , listen , anxious . everything be quiet . he quietly push open the door , revolver ready . 1 19f int . fischer' house / foyer 119f Fischer creep into the foyer . the light flicker . no one be in the foyer . the front door be open . fischer Sarah ? answer I ! Sarah ! no answer . something crash to the ground in the live room . 119g int . fischer' house / live room 119g Fischer quietly open the door to the live room , grip he revolver tightly . he step into the room . the light in the live room be out . a break lamp lie smashed on its side . Fischer come around the side of the couch . he stop , shocked . Sarah Fischer 's dead body lie in a pool of blood . ( continued ) Fischer be suddenly grab and slammed into the wall . the impact knock several frame photo of Fischer and he wife off the wall . they shatter as they hit the floor . Fischer be punched in the face , hard . he be stunne . Fischer be hurl over the couch . he land heavily on a glass coffee table , shatter the glass tabletop . the impact knock he revolver out of he hand . Fischer lie daze in the break glass . he look up at he attacker . it 's hudgen , stand over he . hudgen slam he fist into Fischer 's face . Fischer be now only semi-conscious . hudgen pull out a long , thin spinal - worm . its many claw foot and razor - sharp jaw snap away , its segment , scale body writhe in he grip . hudgens if you can not beat we , Fischer , join we . hudgen grab Fischer by he hair and pull he head back , force he mouth open . CUT to : we follow the spinal - worm as it enter Fischer 's mouth , slip down he throat . we continue to follow the spinal - worm as it make its way through Fischer 's body , weaving through the twist and turn of he digestive system and internal organ . the spinal - worm tear through layer of Fischer 's inside , finally make its way to he spine . the spinal - worm then wrap itself around Fischer 's spine , its tiny claw foot grab hold and attach themselves along its length . we move up Fischer 's spinal cord to he brain . the spinal - worm seem to be cause synapse to fire in chaotic burst . we travel through Fischer 's brain and out of he eye . CUT to : Fischer 's expression be now calm . hudgen regards Fischer , look pleased with himself . 119h int . forest - night - twenty year ago 119h p.o.v. creature : something chase Young Edward as he run for he life through the misty , dark forest . he run towards a light up ahead . scene 119i omitted 119j int . shed - night - twenty year ago 119j Young Edward enter the shed , close the door behind he . the small shed be cluttere with equipment for repair power line . a large transformer module sit at the back of the shed . it hum and crackle with electricity . something compel Young Edward to move closer towards the transformer and reach out a tremble hand . he place he hand against the transformer 's front grill . with a sudden SNAP and flash , electricity course through Young Edward . jag finger of blue light jolt around he . scene 120 to 123 omitted int . carnby' loft - night 124 124 it 's night . the loft be dark . carnby and aline be fast asleep on the bed , lie next to one another . carnby wake up with a start . he try to get he bearing . carnby look surprised to see aline lie next to he . he quietly get out of bed , let she sleep . he pull on a fresh shirt . carnby pad over to the lab area and turn on a desk light . he see the wrap item aline place on he work station . carnby unwrap the item . they be the three abkani artifact from the Museum . carnby pick up the lynchpin artifact , turn it around . something catch he eye . carnby fiddle with the artifact . suddenly , the artifact telescope out . instead of one thick ring , it be now three successively smaller ring , one pile on the other , with a common hollow middle . ( continued ) 58 . continued : carnby pick up the large ring artifact . he slot it into place on the telescope lynchpin artifact . next , carnby slot in the medium and small ring into place . the four piece fit together perfectly , create a cylindrical device with a small , round open in the bottom . 125 125 int . carnby' loft - later carnby cook omelettes in the Kitchen area of the loft . the ingredient be spread out on the counter . aline wake up . she sit up in the bed and look around . aline something smell amazing . aline trot over to the Kitchen area as carnby serve up the omelettes . aline give he a look . aline ( cont 'd ) I love omelettes . carnby I know . carnby sit down across from aline . they eat while they talk . aline I figure out a connection with the symbol on that artifact . they correspond to constellation . but something 's miss . carnby maybe this will help ... carnby take out the assemble abkani device and put it down on the table between they . aline pick up the device , fascinate . she run she finger over the abkani symbol carve into the lynchpin artifact . she go to she bag and pull out the map she be work on and the CD . she hand carnby the CD . aline can you run the program on this ? carnby go over to he computer and insert the CD . ( continued ) 59 . continued : aline spread out the map . she draw line across it , connect up constellation with location on the map . she write out latitude and longitude calculation . aline come up to carnby at the computer . the program be wait for she calculation . she lean past carnby and enter the latitude and longitude number into the program . the computer process the information . hundred of map image flash across the screen as the computer search for a match . carnby what be we look for ? aline the abkani use constellation to pin - point a geographical location . but I do not think I can isolate it closer than a hundred mile radius . the computer find a match . a specific map appear onscreen , with a 100 mile radius circle mark in the center of it . line ( cont 'd ) Edward ... carnby yeah . that 's we right there . carnby point to a spot on the onscreen map . scene 126 omitted int . carnby' loft - moment later 127 127 carnby put the dish from they meal into the Kitchen sink . the sink tap be running . aline clear the dish . ( continued ) 60 . continued : the para-meter Fischer give carnby start faintly beeping , but the running sink tap cover the sound . something be come . the light in the loft flicker once . carnby turn off the tap and they listen intently . they can hear the scanner beeping faintly . the light in the loft flicker and go out . aline grab the flashlight and switch it on . carnby run to he revolver and holster . he check the chamber in he revolver . the bullet glow . carnby look up , sense something . he spin around , ready . a figure stand behind he . it be John . John look fierce , he face draw , gaunt . his eye be sink into dark recess , with nearly clear irise . carnby John ? John lunge at carnby . carnby be too surprised to defend himself . John slam carnby against the wall , knock he revolver out of he hand . John pick carnby up and hurl he across the loft . carnby crash through furniture as he land heavily . out of the shadow behind aline , two figure emerge . they be both miss orphan , one male , one female . they have the same gaunt face and clear irise as John . carnby pick himself up . he spot the orphans behind aline . carnby ( cont 'd ) behind you ! the two orphans lunge at aline , but she 's able to dodge out of the way . the orphans be fast and fierce . aline leap forward , slide across the floor towards carnby 's revolver . she grab it and spin to face the two orphans . they be go . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) but then the female orphan leap out at she . aline fire , hit the female orphan in the shoulder . the female orphans jump away , into the shadow . aline scramble to she foot , the revolver ready . but the female orphans have disappear . aline run over to carnby . he grab a shotgun from the weapon cabinet and load it . aline that look like John . carnby it be . the other two be from the orphanage as well . carnby pump the shotgun . carnby and aline creep forward into the darkness of the loft . they listen . suddenly , John lunge at he , he tooth bare . carnby smashes John across the head with the shotgun . but John keep come , slamming he against the wall . carnby break John 's hold and swivel - kick he out of the way . John skitter off into the shadow . the female orphan leap out at aline , try to tear into she with she tooth . carnby grab a pipe lean against the wall and run for aline . the male orphan lunge out at carnby . he smashes the male orphan across the face with the pipe . aline struggle with the female orphan . carnby turn to see John rise up behind she , about to strike . C arnby react instinctively . he fire , shoot John in the chest with a shotgun blast . John flail back , dead . the male orphan jump out at carnby . now work on instinct , carnby spin and jam the pipe into he gut , impale he . the male orphan stumble to the ground and die . aline get away from the female orphan . as the female orphan lunge at she again , aline fire , shoot she three time in the chest . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 3 ) but it 's only the third bullet , the one that hit the female orphan dead center in the chest that take she down . the female orphan fall back , dead . aline come up to carnby . he stand over John 's corpse . aline you have no choice . carnby something 's control they . aline how many be there altogether ? carnby twenty . include I . the para-meter start beeping again , louder and more frenetic . the light start to flicker , fade up and down . carnby unzip the duffle-bag . it 's full of 713 equipment give to he by Fischer . carnby load a assault rifle with 713 magazine . he load a pistol with the glow bullet . carnby throw aline the pistol . she catch it in mid-air . she check it like a pro . aline and carnby stand together , gun draw , ready . there 's a moment of quiet . they listen . the light in the loft flicker . the scanner beeps . something smashes into the loft 's front door . carnby grab the para-meter . it beeps more insistently . the front door burst open , knock right off its hinge by the invisible creature crash through it . p.o.v. creature : the invisible xenomorph creature 's skew , inhuman p.o.v. as it look across the loft , search . it locate carnby and aline and head directly for they . a will that be visible of the creature 's trajectory be furniture be knock aside as the creature rush towards they . the creature smashes right through a glass - top work table , shatter it . paper whirl around in its wake . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) aline and carnby stand they ground , face the on-come creature as it lunge towards they . carnby and aline leap out of the way at the last moment . Rolling away in opposite direction , they simultaneously OPEN FIRE . they glow bullet hit the creature dead on . the creature squeal , flash visible from the multiple impact . they glow bullet pierce the creature and it tumble to the ground , dead . the creature 's invisible corpse lie motionless . Broken furniture and shattered glass be everywhere . carnby 's para-meter be quiet , the reading subside with the creature 's death . the light stop flicker . carnby ( cont 'd ) we would better get out of here . suddenly , all the light in the loft go out in unison . all the computer monitor also go dark . the scanner start beeping frenetically . electromagnetic reading shoot up , register multiple source nearby . carnby and aline back up together , ready for a attack . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 5 ) but the first thing they hear be not a creature . it 's the sound of automatic gunfire . streak of glow bullet fly through the air . it be a 713 unit , lay down suppress FIRE as the Agents enter the loft through the break front door . Agents barr , Cheung , and marko enter , follow by five other agent . they all wear full 713 combat gear , they rifle - mount lamp illuminate , they weapon in use . gent barr ( into comm - link ) carnby locate . 127a int . bureau 713 headquarters / control room - at that moment 127a krash monitor the 713 unit from the Control room . bank of monitor stream data at she . krash speak into she head - set comm -link , cool and collect . krash multiple reading confirm . back - up 's on the way . 127b int . carnby' loft - at that moment 127b the Agents FIRE glow bullet through the dark loft . there be invisible creature everywhere . agent barr ( into comm - link ) Roger that . we be hot . the muzzle flash and glow bullet pierce the darkness of the loft . hadows swim through the space as the invisible creature move around they , attack the Agents with they razor - sharp claw and spike - tail . p.o.v. creature : a invisible creature swoops out of the shadow towards a agent , who be firing in the opposite direction . the creature whip past the agent , slice he open with a fluid slash of its claw . the creature keep move directly for carnby . carnby and aline , stand together , FIRE they weapon in the darkness , oblivious to the creature rush towards they . ( continued ) but at the last second , carnby turn instinctively as the creature lunge at he . carnby aline ! carnby and aline turn and OPEN FIRE on the creature . it flash visible from multiple hit , flail off into the darkness . agent barr fire control burst of glow bullet into the dark loft . he scream into he comm-link . agent barr ( into comm - link ) where the hell 's we back -up ? krash ( on the comm - link ) landing . the sound of a helicopter can be hear outside the loft . p.o.v. creature : another invisible creature skirt along the edge of a wall , avoid the gunfire . it locate its target , a agent firing up at the ceiling . it race towards the agent . the agent turn to the attack and try to fire . but the creature be too fast . it slam the agent back against the wall and impale he with its spike - tail . Agents barr and Cheung spot this and OPEN FIRE on the creature . it flail about , fade visible from the impact . the creature try to scurry away , but barr and Cheung be on it . with precision and speed , they blow the creature away . but more creature attack . the fight be fierce . glow bullet streak through the darkness . the Agents be calm and determine as they engage the creature . carnby and aline hold they own , stick together , shoot at whatever shadow move around they . six agent in full combat gear burst into the loft. lead the unit be Commander burke . agent mile be with he , as be agent turner ( mid-30s ) . burke , mile , Turner , and the other Agents immediately join the battle , lay down suppress FIRE . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) a agent carry a rifle- mount grenade - launcher fire a incendiary flash - grenade at the Upper level of the loft . with a flash of blind light , the grenade explode . creature squeal as flame swoop up through the Upper level . glow bullet fill the dark loft . creature squeal and flail from the hit . in the darkness of the loft , carnby , aline , and the Agents finish off the remain invisible creature . the last creature go down in a hail of glow bullet . the Agents strafe the creature 's corpse to make sure it 's dead . agent barr and carnby exchange a look between they . barr clearly respects carnby 's ability . the loft be still dark . barr 's rifle - mount scanner no longer register any creature . agent barr we be clear , sir . burke look around at the remain of the battle . the loft be totally trash . a small fire burn in the Upper level . burke Love what you have do with the place , carnby . mile run a hand -held scan device over John 's corpse . the scanner beeps , indicate the presence of a spinal - worm . agent mile Sir , this one 's infect too ! agent Turner scan the female orphan 's corpse . his scan device beeps . she have a spinal - worm too . agent turner get another one here ! burke immediately turn he weapon to carnby . the red laser - sight make a glow dot on carnby 's chest . take they cue from burke , the other Agents in he unit all train they weapon on carnby . several glow red dot hover on he chest . burke Drop you weapon and get down on the ground . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 3 ) aline what be you do ? burke he 's be infect with some kind of organism . he could be under its control . aline turn to carnby . carnby it 's true . I have get one inside I . but it 's not control I . burke you will excuse I if I do not take you word for it . now drop you weapon . carnby hold he weapon at he side . he do not drop it . but he do not move either . aline step in between carnby and the Agents . the red dot be now train on she chest . agent turner get out of the way ! the Agents try to get a clear shot around aline . aline he 's not one of they . urke if I have get to shoot through you to get to he , I will do it . carnby look up at the light . they be still dark . carnby why be the light still out ? barr consult he scanner . it be not register anything . agent barr scanner 's clear . agent mile ( into comm - link ) krash ? krash ( on the comm - link ) negative . ( continued ) 67a . continued : ( 4 ) burke forget to pay you power bill , carnby ? a agent stand at the other end of the loft hear something shuffling behind he . he turn to look . something grab the agent , slam he back against the wall , and rip out he neck . it 's another orphan , with the same fierce , gaunt look and clear irise . burke turn away from carnby for a moment , try to figure out what 's happen . carnby suddenly lift he weapon and point it at burke . burke see this , but before he can react , carnby fire . carnby 's bullet whizhes past burke and hit a orphan dead center in the gut , send he flail back , dead . the orphan be about to pounce on burke . there 's a moment as burke and carnby look at one another . burke realize carnby just save he life . the orphan attack . they be the grow - up Children from carnby 's orphanage . like pinkerton , they be difficult to kill , immune to pain , fast , and deadly . they all have the same gaunt , wild look , with sink eye and nearly clear irise . the orphans leap out at the Agents , quick and fierce . they bite and claw and use they superhuman strength to throw around the Agents and tear they apart . the dark loft be again light up with glow bullet , streaking through the darkness . the Agents ' rifle - mount lamp shine around , but the effect be chaotic , disorient . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 5 ) as the orphans attack , they make quick work of many of the Agents . glow bullet fly around everywhere . the scream of Agents be tear apart mix with burst of automatic gunfire . carnby and aline stay together , dodging the attack orphans , and firing into the darkness . a orphan rise up behind carnby . he spin and shoot she in the side . but she just keep come . carnby shoot the orphan again , this time dead center in the chest . the orphan collapse , dead . carnby check the corpse . the bullet come out the other side . a mixture of red blood and black , sticky ooze drip from a bullet hole right over the orphan 's spine . carnby grab the comm-link off the body of a dead agent . carnby ( into comm - link ) all Agents ! you have get to kill the organism to stop they ! aim for the spine ! cross the loft , burke listen to the comm-link . a orphan be attack agent mile . burke take careful aim and shoot the orphan in the back , right on the spine . the orphan fall over , dead . burke ( into comm - link ) confirm . spinal shot 's a kill shot . with this information , the Agents quickly gain the upper-hand against the orphans ' attack . the orphans be fast and deadly , but they have no organization . now that the Agents have a handle on this new threat , they precision and speed return . soon , the battle be over . dozen of body of dead Agents and dead orphans lie litter around carnby 's destroy loft . only carnby , aline , burke , mile , barr , Cheung , marko , and Turner remain alive . burke 's and carnby 's eye meet . burke approach carnby . the other Agents all stand by , wait for a order from burke . aline watch they , ready to step in . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 6 ) burke ( cont 'd ) you remember the number one rule they teach you in 713 training ? trust you instinct . burke and carnby face off . burke ( cont 'd ) Fischer 's miss . so be hudgen . and I have get a situation brewing that make this scrap look like a bar brawl . aline what do hudgen have to do with this ? burke that 's what I want to find out . I need you both to brief I in the air . burke turn to walk off , but then stop . he turn back to carnby . burke hold out he hand . burke ( cont 'd ) oh , and carnby ... I will need my I - D back . carnby smirk . he pull out burke 's i- D card and hand it back to he . scene 127bb , 127c , 130 , and 131 omitted scene 128 and 129 incorporated into scene 127 scene 131a and 131c incorporated into 127b scene 131b , 131bb , 131d , 132 , 133 , and 133a omitted scene 131e incorporated into 131c scene 133b incorporated into scene 134 70 . ext . mine - night 134 134 a massive , long - abandon structure build directly against the face of a mountain . this be the entrance Hall of Britannia mine . 713 agent mill about , set up perimeter defense . Humvees be be position as barricade . large spotlight be be set up to illuminate the area , with power cable lead inside the entrance Hall . Agents barr , Cheung , and marko be part of the team outside , set up the defense . the 713 helicopter carry carnby , aline , Commander burke , and Agents mile come down for a landing next to two other helicopter already sit in front of the mine . the moment the helicopter touch down , burke leap out , bark into he comm-link . carnby , aline , and mile exit after he . burke ( into comm - link ) krash ! what be you read ? 134a int . bureau 713 headquarters / control room 134a rash swivel in she chair , processing data , make adjustment to sensor , and check out the information scrolling across the bank of monitor . she wear a head -set . krash we be practically off the scale , Commander . this be unprecedented . should I initiate contingency nine -alpha ? burke ( on the comm - link ) the military ? we do not have time to wait for they to mobilize . krash be that a negative , Commander ? 134b ext . mine 134b burke lead carnby , aline , and mile to the entrance Hall . burke ( into comm - link ) no. initiate nine - Alpha on my authority . but I will not hold my breath . by the time this clear Defense Council , we will be dead or drink ... 71 . int . mine entrance hall - night 135 135 rusty construction vehicle , detritus , and rubble lie discard throughout the Hall . several shaft have be dig into the mountain . narrow path lead up the slope . agent scurry around , set up the defense system . the main position be set up just inside the entrance to the Hall . burke and mile enter , follow by aline and carnby . agent mile we have get three perimeter of flash - mine . gatling gun be set to electromagnetic motion tracking . and every available agent in the vicinity be here . but Commander ... burke I know , mile . but back - up will not make it before sunrise . several raise platform stand in the middle of the Hall . on one platform , agent Turner help two agent unload a large gold - plate generator from the back of a humvee . agent turner generator will be on-line shortly , sir . burke nod to Turner as he and the other walk by . carnby and aline get into step with burke and mile . aline it look like you be go to war . burke we be . the high xeno concentration on record be close in on this location . this could be we chance to wipe they out once and for all . a tunnel , carve directly into the rock wall of the mine , lead off into darkness . carnby stare down at the tunnel . carnby we need to go down there . burke what ? ( continued ) continued : carnby they be come here for a reason . until we know what they be after , we be never really go to be able to stop they . agent mile consult he hand -held para-meter . agent mile something 's definitely down there , sir . but there 's too much interference to get a clear read from here . mile look at burke expectantly . carnby and aline watch he as well . burke look conflict . burke goddamn it . mile , you be in charge of perimeter defense . nothing get in or out until we find out what 's down there . 135a ext . mine 135a battery of flash -mine ( mine that explode with a burst of blind light ) set to electromagnetic sensor be be position in wide perimeter around the entrance Hall . Automatic gatling gun load with chain of glow bullet be set up at key point around the area . the gatling gun be mount on swiveling robotic basis , able to automatically turn to face on -come target . agent feenstra ( mid-30s ) test the motion sensor on one of the gatling gun with she hand . the gun swivel accurately to match the movement of she hand . agent feenstra nod to the two agent stand behind the gatling gun . they tinker with its guidance system . scene 136 omitted 1 int . mine tunnel 37 137 carnby and aline walk carefully down a pitch black tunnel , illuminate only by they light . along with they be Commander burke , and Agents barr , Cheung and marko . they each carry assault rifle with lamp mount on they . they visor be down . ( continued ) 73 . continued : aline I have be think about something . the abkani prophecy . the shadow that make ghost of man ... carnby every culture have a story about the end of the world . aline but not every story start to come true . agent barr carry a hand -held para-meter . it 's pick up high electromagnetic reading . agent barr it 's definitely this way , sir . they pass by various piece of mining equipment , long since discard . thick dust and cobweb hang off the equipment . they make they way down the tunnel . scene 137a , and 138 to 140 omitted scene 141 and 142 incorporated in scene 134 and 135 scene 143 now scene 146b int . tunnel chamber 144 144 the tunnel end at a slightly larger , round chamber with wall of solid rock . they can not go any further . cobweb and thick dust hang everywhere . carnby , aline , burke , barr , Cheung , and marko emerge out of the tunnel into the chamber . burke it 's a dead end . agent barr check he para-meter . agent barr readings be get stronger . carnby look around , sense something . he wipe away some cobweb and dust and run he hand over the chamber wall . burke we will double - back . take another tunnel . ( continued ) continued : carnby wait . aline , look at this ... aline approach the spot where carnby stand . she shine she flashlight beam in the wipe off area . faint abkani symbol be carve into the wall . aline they're abkani . the Agents all start wiping away the cobweb and dust , examine the wall for more symbol . they all shine they beam of light through the dark space , search . Cheung find more abkani symbol on another wall . agent cheung there 's more over here . as agent marko move through the space with he lamp , he boot hit a small protrusion in the dusty ground . agent marko shine he lamp down on ground . with he boot , he push away the dust on the ground . there 's a carve on the floor . agent barr spot marko and shine he lamp towards he . agent barr what do you get , marko ? agent marko press down on the carve with he boot . suddenly , the stone floor beneath agent marko crumble away , revealing a deep circular shaft . agent marko can not hold on and he fall into the shaft . he scream as he fall . agent barr ( cont 'd ) marko ! 144a int . shaft 144a the shaft drop down sixty foot . marko fall , unable to stop he descent . the shaft wall be rough-hewn rock . small finger of lichen grow out of the crack in the stone . a ancient , fragile wooden ladder be imbed directly into the rock wall , its rung make of thick , knotted old branch . int . sand chamber 145 145 the shaft drop into a round , sand - cover room . razor- sharp spike poke out of the loose sand beneath the shaft . agent marko fall directly onto the spike . he be impale on they . 1 int . tunnel chamber 46 146 the other rush to the lip of the shaft . they can barely see the illumination of marko 's flashlight in the depth below . burke we have get to get down there . 146a int . mine entrance hall 146a agent mile survey the defense position inside the Hall . the spotlight be not on yet . agent mile ( into comm - link ) Defense perimeter 's up . still wait for the generator to come on -line . urke ( on the comm - link ) we be retrieve marko . keep I post . agent feenstra check she rifle , load in a fresh magazine . she look a little nervous , have trouble get it to fit . mile gently take the rifle from feenstra . he slam the magazine in and check the rifle . he hand it back . agent feenstra how long do we have to hold they ? agent mile only until dawn . agent feenstra Sir ... that 's four hour away . agent mile I know . 146b ext . mountain side - night o 146b n the side of a mountain rise up over Britannia mine , hudgen and Fischer stand watch the activity below . ( continued ) 76 . continued : jag bolt of lightning and rumbling thunder echo around they . the sound of hissing come up around they . suddenly , one by one , creature start fade into visibility behind they . more and more creature appear , fade visible , until there be dozen of xenomorph creature stretch down the mountain-side . hudgen look back at he creature army . he let a evil smile slip across he face . all at once , the creature start leaping down the mountainside . as they run , they all start fade invisible . int . mine entrance hall 147 147 dozen of Agents in full combat gear be in position . they be armed , tense , and ready . suddenly , the scanner on agent mile ' rifle start to beep . at first , the beeps be spread apart . then the beeps sound in rapid succession , faster and faster . agent mile incoming ! int . mine entrance hall / generator platform 148 148 agent mile run up to agent Turner . he be still tinkering with the generator . the spotlight be still off . agent mile where the hell be the light ? agent turner the generator 's not come on -line . they must be disrupt it . int . shaft 149 149 burke , and Agents barr and Cheung lower themselves down the shaft on zip -line . they descend quickly and smoothly . carnby and aline have to take the long way down . they carefully climb down the rung of the ancient wooden ladder build into the shaft . carnby step down on a weak rung and it start to give way . when aline step down on it moment later , it break . line start to fall , but carnby be there to catch she . ( continued ) 77 . continued : as burke descend , he speak into he comm-link . agent mile ( on the comm - link ) we have get income ! what be you order ? burke ( into comm - link ) hold tight , mile . once we retrieve marko we be come back up . whatever 's down here be go to have to wait . there be a low rumbling sound above they . 149a int . tunnel chamber 149a small rock fragment shower down into the open mouth of the shaft . there 's a creaking sound . the collapse floor have trigger a trap . in the ceiling directly above the shaft , a heavy , round stone column suddenly break loose . more rock fragment rain down into the shaft . 1 49b int . shaft 149b everyone press against the shaft wall to avoid the fall rock . the stone column drop into the shaft with a thunderous crash . it fit perfectly . the column start slide down the shaft towards they . scene 150 and 151 incorporated into scene 149 ext . mine 152 152 in the distance , a bright flash go off . then another . and another . the flash light up the landscape . the inhuman squeal of the creature can be hear in the distance . the helicopter all take off , hover up into the air above the mine . 152a int . mine entrance hall 152a agent mile and the Agents in position watch the horizon . dozen of flash go off in the distance . agent mile ( into comm - link ) they have hit the outer perimeter . ( continued ) 78 . continued : mile ' scanner be read off the scale . it beeps at a frenetic pace , register dozen of approach creature . krash ( on the comm - link ) electromagnetics around the mine be off the scale . krash 's voice start to distort with static . agent mile ( into comm - link ) krash ? report ! krash ? but the comm-link be now only give off static . 1 int . shaft 53 153 the friction from the shaft wall be the only thing slow the stone column 's relentless descent down the shaft . the weight of the column crumple the ladder as it fall . as carnby and aline try to climb down the ladder , it be get more and more rickety and unsteady . burke and barr be almost at the bottom of the shaft . Cheung be have problem with she zip -line . it keep jam , slow she descent . 153a int . sand chamber 153a the floor be cover in a thick layer of fine sand . burke land safely . barr land next to he . they quickly detach they zip -line and pull marko 's body off the spike . 53b int . shaft 153b the stone column be almost at aline and carnby . the ladder be be rip apart by the column . they be out of time . carnby grab hold of burke 's and barr 's zip -line , which now hang loose down the shaft . carnby aline ! aline throw she arm around carnby 's neck . ( continued ) continued : carnby release he tight grip on the zip-line . together , carnby and aline slide down the zip-line . carnby and aline slide past agent Cheung . she be still hover on she jamme zip -line . but they be go too fast to stop . 1 53c int . sand chamber 153c burke train he rifle on the spike . he open FIRE , shatter the spike . they crumble , no longer dangerous . carnby and aline drop down out of the shaft . carnby let go of the zip -line and they fall to the sand by the spike , roll to safety . burke look up the shaft . he see Cheung hover above , the stone column almost at she . burke Cheung ! cut the line ! 153d int . shaft 153d the column continue to drop . it 's right above Cheung . Cheung pull out a knife and cut the zip -line cord . she drop down the rest of the way . int . sand chamber 154 154 as agent Cheung land , she break she ankle from the impact . she scream in pain . burke haul Cheung out of the way at the last second . he column drop to the ground with a crash , totally sealing off the shaft . there 's no way back up . T he Sand chamber be pitch black . the only light come from they lamp and flashlight . barr wrap up Cheung 's break ankle . line inspect the abkani symbol carve into the wall of . she lay she rifle against the wall as she read they . large , rough statue depict the xenomorph creature have be carve directly into the rock wall of the chamber . one wall be cover , floor to ceiling , with human skull . ( continued ) continued : carnby approach aline in front of the abkani symbol . aline it 's a warning . carnby look at the wall of human skull . carnby subtle . aline the gist of it be , even if you make it down here alive , you be already dead . burke bark into he comm-link . burke ( into comm - link ) krash , I need another exit . can you run a sonar pulse at this depth ? beat . no response . burke ( into comm - link ) ( cont 'd ) krash ? be you read I ? mile ? agent mile ( on the comm - link ) can not get through to krash either . too much interference . urke ( into comm - link ) use the second perimeter as you fire mark . I will be there as soon as I find a way out . in the sand near barr and Cheung , something move . 54a int . mine entrance hall 154a agent mile and the other Agents watch the perimeter . agent mile hold you fire until they be at the second perimeter . the flash - mine detonation be now much closer . agent mile ( cont 'd ) Fire ! the Agents OPEN FIRE , let loose a barrage of glow bullet . streak of light fill the night . 80a . ext . mine 155 155 the thundering gunfire of the rotate gatling gun fill the air . thousands of glow bullet streak through the night . the hover helicopter open FIRE with they side - mount gatling gun . the on-rush creature squeal and flash visible as the gatling gun cut into they with wave of glow bullet . ( continued ) 81 . continued : but agent mile ' scanner continue to beep frenetically . more and more creature continue to rush towards they . the automatic , ground - mount gatling gun start run out of ammunition . the sound of gunfire be replace by the high - pitched whine of the turbine rotate without bullet . the helicopter continue to lay down suppress FIRE , but they be also run out of ammo . 155a int . mine entrance hall 155a agent mile and the other Agents in the Hall continue to FIRE away into the night . helicopter pilot ( on the comm - link ) ammo run low ! how many of this goddamn thing be there ? agent mile ' scanner register that wave of the creature be still quickly approach they . int . sand chamber 156 156 Cheung test she injure ankle . she can walk with a limp . something move through the sand towards aline . carnby look over at the last moment . carnby aline ! with a loud squeal , a sand worm burst out of the sand in front of aline . at the end of its elongate body , a pair of snap jaw fold out , line with razor - sharp tooth . aline scramble back and fall down . her rifle be out of reach . another sand worm burst out of the sand , diving for carnby . but he be quick on the draw . he shoot the sand worm before it can bite he . the bullet blow apart the sand worm 's head . the sand on the chamber floor come alive with movement as sand worm burrow towards they . Agents barr and Cheung OPEN FIRE on the sand worm . aline fumble for she flashlight , shine it at the sand worm . it recoil from the light and hiss at she . the sand worm 's jaw fold open , revealing its razor - sharp tooth . ( continued ) 82 . continued : the sand worm try to dodge the light . it snap at aline with its jaw and lunge at she . she grab it by the torso , just under the snap jaw . the sand worm struggle , try to bite aline . she can barely hold it away from she . her grip start to loosen . the sand worm 's snap jaw be almost at aline 's face . she strain to hold it away . with the sound of a gunshot , the sand worm 's head explode . it flop to one side , dead . carnby stand behind it , he gun smoking from the shot . a sand worm burst out and chomp down on Cheung 's bad foot . she scream . barr shoot the worm that bit Cheung . Cheung fall back , she body seize up from its poisonous bite . Cheung 's body contort . barr grab she as Cheung 's head reel back and she body go limp . she 's dead . burke turn , he face grim . he open FIRE on the sand worm . with precision and intensity , he fire control burst at any movement under the sand . carnby fire along with he . after a few second , the movement have stop . aline , carnby , burke , and barr stand together . they look down at Cheung 's body . over the comm-link , burke can hear the sound of the battle go on up above they . burke we have get to get up there . 156a int . mine entrance hall 156a the Agents FIRE streak of glow bullet into the night . flash -mine explode close by . a creature leap out at agent mile . he spin and open FIRE . the creature flash visible as mile riddle it with bullet . the creature flail around , die . creature start leaping out at the Agents , jump over the humvee barricade and slashing at Agents with they claw . the Agents strafe every creature they see . ( continued ) 83 . continued : a creature jump on a agent 's back and tear at he . another creature pounce on a agent , rip he open . dozen of creature stream into the Hall . the Agents lay down steady stream of fire , they glow bullet streaking through the night . 1 57 157 int . mine entrance hall / generator platform gunfire echoe through the Hall . park fly out around the generator as agent Turner hold a electrical torch to a component . sweat drip from he forehead . he wipe he eye clear as he work . agent Turner test to see that he electrical work be secure . a agent stand with he , ready to switch on the generator . gent turner hit it . the agent switch on the generator . it hum to life . he dark Hall be fill with blaze light from the battery of spotlight set up around the entrance Hall . int . mine entrance hall 158 158 the creature hiss and recoil from the spotlight beam . some begin smolder under the glare . creature take cover in the shadow behind old piece of mining equipment . most race away from the light into the darkness outside the mine . the Agents continue to shoot into the night , blowing away the retreate creature . agent mile ( into comm - link ) they be turn back ! T here 's a moment of quiet . the Agents slump back , relieved . the creature be all go . helicopter pilot ( on the comm - link ) we have get to refuel and reload . we will be back asap . agent mile ( into comm - link ) confirm . ( continued ) 84 . continued : the helicopter pull away , fly up over the mountain and past the horizon . agent feenstra turn to agent mile . agent feenstra we make it , sir . mile and feenstra exchange a look of relief . 159 159 int . mine entrance hall / generator platform Fischer appear at the end of the platform . Fischer approach agent Turner and the other agent stand at the generator . his demeanor be now totally different . he be cold , menace . a go Turner turn to see Fischer approach . agent turner Fischer ? in a quick motion , Fischer grab agent Turner by the throat and hurl he out of the way . the other agent fire on Fischer with she weapon . Fischer take a bullet in the shoulder . it do not stop he . Fischer lunge for the agent . he knock she back and grab she face . Fischer snap the agent 's neck , kill she . agent Turner run towards Fischer , firing a sustained burst of automatic gunfire . agent Turner 's bullet rip into he , but Fischer keep come . Fischer lunge at Turner , grab he and slamming he against the generator . Fischer smashes Turner in the face , almost knock he out . Fischer tear open Turner 's combat vest . four grenade hang from the vest . not by one , Fischer pull the pin out of the four grenade . Turner start to regain consciousness just in time to see this . his eye go wide in fear . Fischer hold Turner against the generator . Fischer be too strong for Turner to get away . ( continued ) 85 . continued : the grenade all explode . Fischer and Turner be instantly kill . the explosion ignites the generator . it explode in a crescendo of flame and spark . he light go out . there be now no protection from the creature . 159a int . mine entrance hall 159a the spotlight be extinguish . agent mile and the remain Agents turn on they rifle- mount lamp . mile ' scanner register dozen of signal approach . a go mile open FIRE , send a stream of glow bullet at the approach creature . gunfire ring out all around . glow bullet streak through the dark night in all direction . nearby , a agent scream . the 713 defense have become chaotic , uncontrolled . glow bullet fly everywhere . the squeal of injure creature mingle with the scream of die Agents . the constant rattle of automatic gunfire fill the night . int . sand chamber 160 160 arr and carnby lay Cheung and marko 's body to one side of the chamber , they face cover with they vest . burke pace back and forth , scream into he comm-link . burke ( into comm - link ) mile ! re-route that vcopter ! pull all agent back into the mine ! set formation in team of three ! mile ! but all that he can hear through the comm-link be gunfire and the occasional scream . burke ( cont 'd ) goddamn it ! carnby approach burke carefully . burke look furious . C carnby we will find a way out . ( continued ) 86 . continued : burke signal to barr . they sweep through the Sand chamber , explore it with they lamp . carnby approach aline . she be stand over one of the sand worm corpse . its head have be blow off , but its torso be intact . carnby turn the sand worm 's body over with he boot . carnby ( cont 'd ) it 's just like the organism Fischer take out of pinkerton . aline maybe this be what they look like when they grow outside a human host ? burke stop at a dark recess carve into the Sand chamber . the recess be thick with cobweb and dust . burke clean the cobweb away . he stop , surprised at what he see in the recess behind the cobweb . burke I think you would better see this . int . mine entrance hall 161 a 161 gent mile , agent feenstra , and two other agent , be barricade behind piece of mining machinery . they shoot stream of glow bullet across the dark entrance Hall . suddenly , a invisible creature grab the first agent from behind a rusty piece of machinery . the creature throw the agent into the air . he land heavily , stunne . before the agent can get to he foot , three invisible creature pounce , tear he to shred . rom behind he position , mile shoot at the creature with glow bullet , scatter they . the second agent stand behind a piece of machinery , tense , rifle ready . she hear a whoosh of movement nearby . she turn , but can not see anything . she hear a shuffling sound above she . she look up . the creature be above she , on top of the machinery . the agent try to shoot , but the creature 's tail snap at she , impale she with its tail -spike . agent mile and agent feenstra shoot at the creature with precise burst of glow bullet . ( continued ) 87 . continued : the creature leap at they . mile and feenstra hold they position , riddling the creature with glow bullet . a creature leap out at feenstra . she hear the whoosh of movement at the last moment and swivel , firing in the direction of the creature . ut she 's slammed off she foot . feenstra get a deep gash in she thigh from the creature 's spike tail . agent mile feenstra ! the creature pounce . but feenstra be fast enough . she blows away the creature with a burst of glow bullet . scene 116a omitted int . sand chamber 162 162 aline , carnby , burke , and barr stand in front of the dark recess in the Sand chamber . the recess be completely seal up by a solid concrete wall . a line come up to the concrete wall , run she hand along its flat surface . it be obviously not abkani . aline the abkani do not put this here . agent barr shine he light across the concrete wall . gent barr there 's no way through . burke there 's always a way ... burke open he pack . Inside it be several package of C - 4 explosive . int . mine entrance hall 163 163 agent mile and agent feenstra be barricade behind a old mining vehicle . the body of dead Agents lie around they . agent feenstra bleed from the wound in she thigh . the light on they rifle be the only light in the Hall . a invisible creature jump out at they , knock debris out of the way as it charge . ( continued ) 88 . continued : agent mile roll away at the last second as the creature slam into the old mining vehicle . agent feenstra spin around and empties she last clip into the creature , kill it . agent feenstra I be out . agent mile last one . mile throw feenstra a magazine . feenstra load it in . mile try to get a signal on he comm-link . but it just give out static . agent mile ( cont 'd ) Commander ? krash ? anyone ? agent mile pull off he comm-link . agent feenstra I can not walk . if I lay down suppress fire , maybe you can make it out of here . agent mile I die fight or I do not die at all . agent mile open FIRE into the night . his bullet glow as they streak through the air . feenstra pick herself up and open FIRE alongside he . creature squeal in the distance as the bullet find they mark . feenstra empty out she last magazine . a invisible creature leap over the barricade and pounce on feenstra , tear into she . mile shoot at the creature , empty he last magazine . but he 's too late to save feenstra . her tear - up body slump against they barricade agent mile be alone . he be out of ammunition . he pull the trigger futilely . mile stand firm . he flip up he visor . mile close he eye . he be hoist into the air by a invisible creature and throw to the ground . invisible creature tear he apart . int . sand chamber 164 164 carnby , aline , barr , and burke take cover behind the stone column . burke hold a remote detonator . it be active . burke try to get a signal on he comm-link . but all he get be static . look grim , burke prepare to press the button on the detonator . aline you sure this be go to work ? burke shrug and press the button . the detonator count down : 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... a tremendous explosion rock the Sand chamber . Sand whirl through the air . concrete fragment blow out from the recess . as the smoke clear , carnby , aline , burke , and barr approach the recess . the concrete wall have be blow open . smoke rise up off the ruin wall . the Sand chamber now open up into another dark room . scene 166 to 169 omitted int . underground lab 170 170 carnby , aline , barr , and burke step over the rubble of the concrete wall . they shine they light around the dark room . they be in a large abandon Bureau 713 Lab . thick dust cover all surface . but it be once a high - tech facility . on one side of the Lab be a slide metal door . aline what be this place ? Medical equipment , scientific instrument , and computer have be leave as they be , untouched for two decade . a series of glass tube be line up along one wall . in each tube , a spinal - worm lie dead , float in gelatinous liquid aline check out a series of diagram affix to another wall . they be anatomical schematics for the spinal - worm . there be also diagram of the human body with marking isolate key area of the spinal cord . carnby stand in front of a row of twenty clear glass basin , each about the size of a child . ( continued ) 90 . continued : each basin have a small metal tag on it . carnby wipe the layer of dust off one of the metal tag . the tag read : E. carnby . carnby this be where it happen . aline step up next to carnby . aline who do this to you ? burke and barr continue to explore the room with they rifle - mount lamp . barr find a pair of huge metal hangar door . agent barr Commander ... carnby , burke , and aline approach barr at the hangar door . next to the hangar door be a control panel . barr pull the front off the control panel , revealing a rusted hand - crank . barr pull on the hand -crank . it will not give . carnby join he and , together , they strain to move the hand -crank . the hand - crank clanks into the open position . a old mechanism be engage . the hangar door slide open , revealing another doorway behind they . but this one be clearly not part of the Lab . it be a ancient , solid gold door , carve with abkani symbol . the gold door be build into a wall of rough rock . it look like the Lab be build right around the gold door . in the center of the door be a small cylindrical open . a line use she flashlight to read the symbol on the door . one symbol be prominent among the other : the dark spirit . aline Edward , look ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) aline reach into she pack and take out the abkani device . it be the exact size of the cylindrical open in the door . the same dark spirit pictogram be engrave on the lynchpin . carnby so it 's a key . burke survey the room with a grim expression . burke I say we get two option . one , we open this door , deal with whatever 's on the other side . aline the pictogram carve here make it pretty clear that 's a bad idea . burke two , we set enough C - 4 to bury this place . keep whatever 's in there , down here for good . carnby stare at the gold door . carnby the answer I have be look for my whole life could be in there . aline some door be lock for a reason . carnby look away from the gold door . carnby barr ... how much C - 4 you get leave ? barr pull open he pack , revealing several package of C - 4 . agent barr enough to blow this place to ... barr be cut off by a bullet hit he in the head . blood spurt out as barr collapse to the ground , dead . hudgen stand behind they , carry two pistol . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 3 ) hudgens I be afraid I can not allow that . before they can react , hudgen press a pistol to aline 's throat . he point the other pistol at burke and carnby . hudgens ( cont 'd ) now drop you weapon and back away . carnby and burke drop they gun and step back . carnby glare at hudgen . carnby it be 713 . hudgens we early work be crude , I admit . but eventually we perfect the implant process . you be we last failure , carnby . if you have not escape , 713 never would have shut down the experiment . burke 's eye flash with anger . burke there 's no way this be sanction . hudgens before you kind take over , 713 have very different ... priority . now , you just blaze in and destroy everything before we can learn to control it . I have waste twenty year work in secret because of short - sighted man like you . hudgen see the abkani device aline be hold . hudgens ( cont 'd ) there it be ... aline 's expression be firm , unafraid . she grip the device tightly . hudgen be about to pull the trigger . hudgens ( cont 'd ) you be a fine archeologist . carnby aline ... hudgen turn to carnby , curious . ( continued ) 93 . continued : ( 4 ) carnby ( cont 'd ) give he the key . enough people have die today . aline see carnby be serious . she hold out the device to hudgen . hudgens you could not have open it anyway . not without this ... hudgen take out the hollow cylinder artifact he find on the erebus . he hand it to aline . aline insert the artifact into the hollow circular space at the bottom of the device , turn it into place . the device be now a full cylinder with a flat protrusion on the bottom . with one pistol point at burke and carnby and the other at aline , hudgen direct she to the gold door . hudgens ( cont 'd ) insert the key . a line insert the device into the open in the door . hudgens ( cont 'd ) now turn it . aline rotate the device , use the flat protrusion on the bottom . it click into place . a small crack splinter away from the open where the device sit . the crack split off into several other crack . hudgen point he pistol at the other , but he attention be clearly direct at the gold door . hudgens ( cont 'd ) when we find the first of they , 713 see just another threat to be eliminate . but I know it be something more . it be the first . the first to wake . I have wake other since then . but the rest be come ... as hudgen speak , carnby , burke , and aline exchange a look between they . carnby 's eye indicate the C - 4 in agent barr 's pack . burke and aline understand . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 5 ) the crack splinter out , divide , until they cover the entire door . in a rush of fragment , the crack gold crumble to the ground . he empty doorway now lead into darkness on the other side . scene 170a , 171 , 172 , and 173 omitted scene 170b to 170d now scene 119h to 119j 1 scene 174 incorporated into scene 170 74a int . cave 174a hudgen step through the doorway . the doorway open up into a vast cave , hundred of foot high and wide , stretch off into darkness . the cave wall be rough-hewn rock , untouched by human hand . the wall of the cave be mark with hundred and hundred of tunnel , pock the rock like a hive , lead off into the depth of the mountain . hudgen move into the cave , tentative , but excited . suddenly , there 's a scratching , scurry sound . a xenomorph creature emerge out of one of the tunnel . out of another tunnel come a second xenomorph . and a third . across the vast cave , dozen of xenomorphs creep out of individual tunnel . hudgen step further into the cave . the xenomorphs approach he , they head darting about . the xenomorphs surround hudgen on all side . his step be careful . he reach he hand out to one of the creature . T he creature move up to hudgen ' hand , smell it . the creature lunge at he , rip into he with its tooth . the other xenomorphs surround hudgen pounce on he as well . the creature tear hudgen apart . like a dam break , hundred of xenomorphs start stream out of the hive - like tunnel system of the cave . stand in the doorway , aline see the creature come . 95 . 174b int . underground lab 174b carnby shove the hand - crank into the close position . the hangar door in front of the abkani doorway start to close . aline back away from the doorway . aline open FIRE with a assault rifle . the glow bullet streak into the dark cave , hit several of the approach creature . but there be too many of they . they keep come . the hangar door be almost close . the xenomorphs be only a few foot from the doorway . the hangar door slam close just in time . a heavy impact thump against the other side of the hangar door . then another . the xenomorphs be try to get though . burke be positioning C - 4 charge around the Lab . he wire they all through a remote detonator . line this door will not hold they for long burke once we get out , we can remote detonate . carnby approach the slide metal door at the side of the Lab . the dust around the door have be sweep back . carnby look at the dust on the floor . this be where hudgen get in . carnby engage the open mechanism and the door slide open , revealing a dark tunnel lead away from it . burke make sure the remote detonator signal be active . all he have to do be press the button on the detonator . the hangar door shake from the impact of creature slamm into they . int . underground lab / tunnel carnby , aline , and burke run down the long , dark tunnel , lighting they way with flashlight . a few door line the tunnel , but they be all weld shut . carnby spot a dim light up ahead . ( continued ) 96 . continued : carnby over there ! the tunnel end at the rung of a metal ladder build right into the wall . aline shine she flashlight up it . a strip of light be visible way up high , at the top of a long shaft . aline climb up the ladder . carnby climb up behind she . burke shine he lamp down the dark tunnel . the crashing sound of impact against the door echo down the tunnel . burke look at the remote detonator in he hand . the signal be inactive . int . underground lab / shaft 176 176 aline climb up the rung of the ladder build into the shaft wall . carnby climb up after she . B urke stand at the bottom of the shaft , look up at they . carnby stop climb and look down at burke . burke the remote detonator 's inactive . the signal can not get through . carnby we will find a way . urke you save my life , carnby . I do not much like debt . burke duck back out of the shaft . carnby burke ! carnby jump down to the bottom of the shaft , chase after burke . 176a int . underground lab / tunnel 176a burke run up to the slide door to the Lab . he engage the open mechanism . the door slide open . carnby race down the tunnel towards he . burke enter the Lab . he close the slide door behind he . ( continued ) 97 . continued : carnby get to the slide door just as it 's close . he try to engage the open mechanism , but it will not work . carnby try to pull it open , but the door 's jamme shut . line run up to carnby as he try to pry open the door . aline Edward ... if he detonate that charge , we be all dead . carnby look tear . aline reach out she hand . carnby take aline 's hand . they run towards the shaft . 176b int . underground lab 176b burke 's rifle be jamme into the open mechanism of the slide door , block it from engage . the hangar door be warpe from the impact . the gap between the door be be pull open by dozen of creature . the hangar door start to buckle under the pressure . he remote detonator in burke 's hand be now active . 176c int . underground lab / shaft 176c carnby and aline quickly climb up the ladder . they be almost at the top of the shaft . the shaft be seal with a pair of corrugate metal door . sunlight shine through the thin crack between the door . carnby point he gun at the metal door above they . scene 177 , 178 , 179 , 179a , and 180 omitted ext . orphanage - dawn 181 181 a small Storm cellar be build into a corner of the orphanage 's front lawn . the corrugate metal door be lock from the outside with a chain and rusty padlock . a burst of gunfire blow out from inside the Storm cellar , break open the padlock . the door be throw open . he sun rise on the horizon . scene 181a , 181aa , 181ab , and 181b omitted scene 181c , 181cc , and 181d omitted 98 . 181e int . underground lab / tunnel 181e burke look around the abandon 713 lab . the creature be almost through the hangar door . the gap be just wide enough for one creature to stick its head through . it snap its jaw at burke . burke press the button on the detonator . the detonator count down : 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 181f int . underground lab / shaft 181f a tremendous explosion rock the shaft . a swirl geyser of flame shoot up towards the top of the shaft . 181g ext . orphanage - dawn 181g carnby and aline dive out of the shaft just in time . the geyser of flame erupt out of the Storm cellar . the shock - wave knock they to the ground . a cloud of dust swirl up out of the shaft . 181h ext . mine - day 181h the mine shake from the explosion . great cloud of dust and rock fragment billow out of the entrance Hall . T he whole mountain rumble from the detonation . 181j ext . orphanage 181j aline and carnby get to they foot outside the Storm cellar . smoke pour out of the shaft . but as he see where he really be , carnby be stunne . he stare up at the orphanage . carnby they be under we the whole time . 181k int . orphanage / den 181k carnby and aline walk through the orphanage . it be clean , well - maintain . but no one be there . the orphanage be empty . aline where be all the child ? the door to the Children 's room be ajar . carnby open the door . 99 . 181l int . orphanage / children' room 181l carnby and aline stand at the doorway . sister Clara lie dead on one of the child 's bed . the blanket and sheet be soak with blood . a bloody gash have be slice up each of sister Clara 's arm . a blood-stain straight - razor sit on the bedside table . a crumpled piece of paper be clutch in one of sister Clara 's hand . carnby take the paper and uncrumple it . the note read : " forgive I , edward . " 181m ext . orphanage - day 181m aline and carnby step out of the orphanage . carnby look around , troubled . no one be visible outside the orphanage . carnby something 's very wrong ... scene 182 , 183 , 183a omitted ext . STREET - day 184 184 carnby and aline walk along a desert street . the sun rise above they . it 's a beautiful day . shop look ready to open . Cars be park along the street . but no one be drive . the neighborhood be empty . scene 185 , 186 , and 187 omitted ext . downtown STREET - day carnby and aline walk down a wide street in the middle of the city 's downtown core . no one be visible anywhere . aline Edward ... what 's go on ? carnby look ashen . they stand in the middle of a downtown intersection , empty street stretch out in all direction . carnby remember what hudgen say ? I be he last failure . he say he perfect the implant process . ( continued ) aline it can not be ... carnby then where the hell be everybody ? where 's everybody go ? we look down at carnby and aline , alone in the intersection , empty street all around they . we start to float up above they , get a wider and wider bird 's eye view of the city . we swoop up higher above they , but still , no one be visible anywhere in the city . we float up until the entire city stretch out below we . nothing move . no one can be see . carnby ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) here 's what I know . there be two world on this planet . a world of light and a world of darkness . for million of year , this world be in balance . but now , the light of human civilization burn everywhere . the dark place be disappear . we force they to come out of the shadow . now , it 's my job to force they back in . my name be Edward carnby . I be here to protect you from thing you do not believe in . we start to drop back down , faster and faster , the ground rush towards we . we be descend directly above carnby and aline , stand alone in the empty intersection . we swoop down right in front of carnby . his trench - coat blow in the wind . aline stand next to he , ready . carnby reload he revolver . carnby ( cont 'd ) aline ... aline yes Edward ? carnby it 's go to be a busy day . the sun shine down above they , illuminate the desert city street . carnby 's expression be determine . scene 189 and 190 omitted fade out .