Rev. Feb. 1 , 1979 alter states by paddy chayefsky columbia picture industr .. producer : howa gottfried ex . prq daniel melnick derector : ken russell through alter states fade in : 1 through wide angle shot of a sound - attenuate room . the wall 6 be porous , blue steel . the lighting be hide and subdued ; the room be mostly in shadow . dominate the room , stand as it do in the middle of it , be a large , cover , wooden tank , paint black , look sacrificial and sinister . the camera just stare at it -- narration the tank itself be nothing more than a large tomb-like bathtub make out of plywood and line with aluminun , and half - fill with a ten percent solution of magnesium sulfate in water to increase buoyancy -- legend : the cornell medical college in new york CITY - 1967 another angle . we eye have become accustom to the subdued lighting . we notice a few valve stick out of the tank , a few cable and hose trail across the floor from it . there be a small worktable against a wall and two wooden footstool , four foot high , near the tank . we note some clothing in a shadow corner of the room -- a pair of jeans , a T-shirt , a pea-jacket , underwear , sock , shoe , a large bath towel . narration Inside the tank , the subject float in utter darkness and utter silence , effectively deprive of sensory stimulation , alone , isolate . at first , it have be presume that such condition would produce feeling of paranoia , but for the most part , that do not happen . of the twenty - three student test , only two show sign of anxiety -- int . the tank itself cheat just enough light to distinguish the whitish form of a naked man , float in the darkness , just below the surface of the inky water , like a huge dead fish with it 's belly up -- closeup looking down on the man 's face , a white mask of a face , eye close , a austere Calvinist face -- a young man , twenty - eight year old . we may notice eight eeg lead issue out of he scalp . through narration ( cont would ) 6 -- the other report experience range from pleasant to exhilate . the screen suddenly go utterly black -- narration ( cont would ) it seem that deprive a man of external stimulus simply trigger a whole new set of internal stimulus -- suddenly , the briefest of image flick across the black screen , a sudden narrow band of color , mud-brown , much too brief for we to identify anything except that it happen -- narration ( cont would ) Dr. jessup find the encephalographic evidence especially interesting -- closeup of jessup be monastic face again , for identifi - cation purpose -= narration ( cont would ) within minute after the activate experience , well organize alpha wave of forty to fifty micro-volt , eleven to twelve second , appear in all region +-- again , a fleeting band of imagery , a broad band , last just long enough for we to see that the grain in the wood that form the interior wall of the tank , behind the black aluminum interior lining of the tank , be sinuating , as if they be alive -- narration ( cont would ) -- after fifteen minute , there be a increase in the alpha amplitude , as much as thirty to seventy micro-volt , predominantly in the frontal and central region -- the screen suddenly , briefly , take on a gray sheen , and then , as abruptly , it foe black again -- narration ( cont would ) at the half hour mark , rhythmical wave of seven to eight second appear , and then , suddenly -- another fleeting image : too quick to be really dis tinguishable , a vivid , baked -- orange flash with some ~ thing white and red in it . it 's on -screen just long enough for we to possibly recognize the white as some kind of animal -- through 6 through narration ( cont would ) 6 ~- rhythmical theta train , six to seven second , seventy to one hundred micro-volt . this eeg pattern be startling similar to that of Zen priest in zazen . Dr. jessup founa this fascinating , and , one Saturday afternoon in April 1967 , he decide to try the experience for himself -- the image begin to come with increase quickness now -- image : a stunt , dwarf fig tree , shed it 's fruit -- image : a rocky terrain , the barren judean hill -- image : the animal we see so briefly before , this time perhaps recognizable as a lamb , a white lamb , with seven eye and seven horn . its throat be slashed . it be drip blood -- image : the entire screen be suddenly white , radiant white , near- to- blind white -- SOUND : a sudden blare of cathedral nusic , organ music , a snatch of bach . a second later , it stop -- image : a twisted biblical street , empty , a crooked , narrow , cobble street , twist between the pitte white wall of small stone building -- image : the screen be utterly black again -- SOUND : jessup 's breathing -- image : a flutter image of a GREEN veronica , one of that religious handkerchief with the face of Christ paint on it , a chalk - white face of a anguish Christ with little red kewpie doll spot on he cheek , a crown of thorns on he brow -- image : a expanse of surreal landscape -- a endless stretch of brilliantly white beach -~ image : the sacrificial white lamb again , this time lie on a rude stone altar . a curve knife , hold in a white hand , come slashing down and cut the lamb 's throat . a burst of blood =~ inage : a han lie die on a white hospital bed in a lemon-colored hospital room ~-- image : a closer view of the man 's face , a waxen~mask . a bubble of air form on nis lip which barely move ; not be try to say something . it 's inaudible . through 4 , 1 through image : the green Veronica with the white Christ -face 6 paint on it . image : bead of red blood drip from above against a white screen -- image : a hailstorm of hail and blood -- image : the screen be black again , the blackness of space . a hum , dron SOUND , resonate , get louder , the drine of primal energy . a pinspot of twinkle light , a distant star it would seem move toward we . after a moment , we recognize it be not a star , but a enormous bird , a black bird . it seem to have a human face , the face of a suffer saint , a agonize , martyr 's face , complete with halo . the bird be ba , the eternal soul of pharaonic Egypt . the face be St. sebastian 's . it veer in its flight and come swoop horribly at we , fill the screen with its enormous black wing -- image : the rude stone altar with the sacrificial white lamb on it . the blood drip from its slashed throat . pan down the altar to the ground where a large pool of blood have form . a young woman kneel at the edge of the pool of blood . her back be toward we . she be naked , be wash a white biblical robe in the pool of blood . she become aware that she be be watch . she look over she shoulder at we . she be exquisitely beautiful . she stand , face we , a strikingly white young woman , hold she robe , which , despite its bathing in blood , be white and pure . pan up the altar to the sacrificial lamb lie atop it . its throat be still cut , its blood still drip , but its face be now the face of Christ that be on the green Veronica , the chalk - white face with the red kewpie doll spot on its cheek and the crown of thorns on its head . image : total , silent blackness . suddenly , a explosion , a shatter flash of brilliant whiteness fill the screen . a high - pitch scream drone of energy . wave of different color pulsate and throb across the screen . one such wave bend , wrinkle , pinch up , and the first particle of matter be create . the screen be instantly fill with innumerable flash , as the most primitive bit of matter smash and whirl maniacally . flare of collision . the blind luminoslty of a earlier Universe fade into the soft glow of a cool cloud of primordial hydrogen -- image : a small room with bare wall . jessup and the beautiful young woman in a momentary fever of sexuality . he have seize she from behind . his hand clutch she breast . he ravish she neck with kiss and bite . she have throw she head back , she neck arched in voluptuous pleasure -- through through 10 11 12 13 5 . 1 image : a quick series of flicker image as jessup through experience a ontological dematuration -- jessup as embryo of eight month , then as of two week , then as a zygote , then as a single original cell ; and then back up again until , with a screah , jessup renexperience the moment of he birth , he expulsion from he mother 's uterus , gasp , suffocating , scream -- image : the small room with bare wall . a bed . on the bed , jessup and the Young woman , naked , in the throes of exuberant intercourse . jessup plunging , thrust . jessup 's sweat face , he eye wide open , he mouth agape , as if this experience be one of shatter metapnhysicality . beneath nim , the white body of the Young woman twist , respond , she leg lock themselves around jessup 's waist . her head twist this way and that . her face , we suddenly notice , be the face of Christ on the handkerchief , chalk - white with red spot on she cheek and a crown of thorns on she head . camera move in on the christ-face . over this , the SOUND of jessup 's breathe , the short , staccato panting of a man on the verge of orgasm -- 7 omitted through 10 we be suddenly back inside the tank . jessup 's white 11 mask of a face , eye close , cushion in the blackness of the interior of the tank . over this , jessup 's dis - embody sexual panting continue , rise to crescendo . at which point , he body suddenly thrashes ; he leg kick and splash the black water on which he float . the white mask of a face remain serene and unciianged . suddenly , everything be silent again , silent and black , except for jessup 's white , sleep face . slowly , he eye open -- int . isolation tank room - day 12 wide angle shot of the room , the black tank sit 13 isolate in the middle , shroud in shadow . closer shot looking down onto the tank , as the lid be raise , and jessup stand in the tank up to he waist in water . he remove the eeg lead from he scalp . the door in the back of the room open , and arthur rosenberg , a thin , dark , wiry young man in he late twenty , wear casual clothes , enter , cross down to the tank to help jessup clamber out . the conversation be matter - of -fact . 13 14 rosenberg 13 how do you feel ? jessup not bad . I hallucinate like a son-of - a-bitch . a variety of dream state , mystical state , a lot of religious allegory , mostly out of revelation . he 's at the corner of the room now where he clothing be , toweling himself , put on he short and pants as he and rosenberg chat . rosenberg you be in there close to five hour . jessup it feel like a hour . rosenberg I would like to try that myself sometime . jessup you should , you will like it . trouser but still toweling , he head for the door in the back through which rosenberg have enter . he go into -- int . monitoring room ~ day 14 ~~ a small room , compactly fitte up with a oscillator and a variety of recording machine , most noticeable a 16 styli eeg machine . five hour of polygraph paper have pile into the cardboard bin at its side . jessup rummages about in the bin for the beginning of the sheet , put on a pair of wire - rimmed glass , and study the tracing -- jessup ( as he read ) do we have any communication ? rosenberg ( stand in the doorway behind ) oh , sure , I keep check you out like you tell I to . jessup how would I respond ? 14 rosewberg 14 very orderly . at one point , you be cry . jessup you mean , really cry ? rosenberg you be sobbing , you have tear on you face . I ask you what be go on . you say you be re-experience you father 's death . jessup do you make note ? rosenberg ( indicate a loose - leaf notebook ) it 's all there . jessup I would like to do this again next week , Arthur . could you make it again next week ? 14a ext . cornell medical bldg . - york ave = late afternoon 14a rosenberg what be we look for ? jessup Hell , I do not know . there 's really very little literature on this kind or research . there 's some good people in the field -- tart , ornstein , deikman -- but most of it be radical - hip stuff , grug-culture apologia . obviously , the first thing to do be set up some sensible methodology , see if we can not study this experience under control laboratory condition . it will not interfere with the work we be do with hobart . rosenberg what be we get into , sensory - deprivation ? isolation study ? I mean , where will we be go with this tank stuff ? jessup we be not write up a grant , Arthur . ( more ) 14a 15 16 and 17 8 . jessup ( cont would ) 14a strictly bootlegge just for kick . I figure as long as we have get the use of this tank , let 's play around with it , let 's find out where it take we . this be fascinating stuff , Arthur , and I think we ought to get into it -- int . rosenberg's apartment - sunday brunch - day 15 a party of young intellectual of the 1960 's -- a lot of denim and jeans , subdued Janis joplin on the stereo and joint be pass around . about a dozen people , all in they late twenty or early thirty , except for a sculptress who be a sray-haired and aggressive fifty . there be a geneticist and he wife , a biochem - ist and she husband , a couple of clinical psychiatrist . the rosenberg apartment consist of four small room cluster around a central hallway in one of that batter old building on West end Avenue in the 90 . there be a great deal of movement in and out of the room — -- int . rosenberg apartment - hallway - day 16 and Arthur rosenberg and alan hobart , a clinical psychia - 17 trist in he early thirty , be share a joint with a very pretty , confident young woman in jeans who do not even look she twenty - four year . her name be emily fulbkight . she be a physical anthropologist . she be we heroine . in b.g. , general party activity . rosenberg -- I do not even know they have one of that isolation tank at New York Hospital ~- hobart must be some guy in the psychology department do sensory - deprivation study . what 's jessup do with it ? rosenberg you get I . he 's be take student out of nis class and testing they . he 's be do this for three , four month , do you know he be into this kind of stuff ? hobart not till you just tell I . Rev. 3/6/79 9. 16 and 17 18 19 20 in b.g. the front doorbell ring , and sylvia 16 rosenberg , who be seven month pregnant , appear in and the hallway , come out of the kitchen , and make for 17 the door , call to she husband : sylvia I will get it , honey -- rosenberg ( who have start for the door , be - turn to Emily and hobart ) he 's the last guy in the world I figurea to be screwing around with anything as flaky as alter state of consciousness . hobart well , let 's face it , jessup be pretty flaky himself . across the three of they down the length of the hall - way to the front door where sylvia rosenberg be now admit jessup with much hugging and affection -- rosenberg ( to Emily ) that 's he . Emily be clearly interested in the man . she openly appraise he from she end of the hallway , apparently like the bespectacle , monkish , fine feature face . sylvia rosenberg herd jessup into the live room . int . hallway of rosenberg's aparthent - the party - 16 twenty winute later ~ day int . hallway near live room - day 19 Emily come out of the kitchen , cross into -- int . kitchen - day 20 where she stand a moment , surveying the room . we be have jimi hendrix on the stereo now . the room do not have too much furniture -- a overstuff chair on which sylvia be heavily emplant , and a sofa , at one end of which jessup be seat . at the other end of the couch , the sculptress be sort of make a play for the genet - icist 's wife . there 1s a open space on the couch next to jessup for which Emily head , not all that easy a journey since the rest of the people in the room be loung about on levantine cushion on the floor or perch on the enormous round coffee table in the middle . 20 10 . jessup seem a bit out of thing , distract by he ow n 20 thought . a joint be be pass around . when it reach jessup , he decline to puff but pass it along to the biochemist sit on a wooden fold chair at he elbow . she wait Emily slide into the open seat beside he . emily Arthur say you be very shy , and he want I to draw you out . jessup draw I out ? do not sound like Arthur . emily well , what he actually say be you be a high -hande , arrogant prick , a little nut but brilliant , and that if I ever get you talk , I would find you fascinating . jessup that sound more like Arthur . emily he say you be do some work with he and Alan hobart at Payne - whitney . jessup yes . emily what sort of work ? jessup toxic metabolite stuff . for more ; he press on with little enthusiasm . '' jessup we be more or less replicate heath 's and friedhof 's strategy , try to find maverick substance specific to schizophrenia . I think we be chase we tail . what do you do ? emily I be a physical anthropologist . I be sweat out my dissertation . jessup where ? emily Columbia . alter states - Rev. 3/5/79 ii . 20 20 a jessup 20 holloway and that bunch ? emily yes . jessup you be kind of young for a Ph.D. , be not you ? emily I be twenty - four . jessup that 's still pretty good . I do not get my Ph.D. until I be twenty - five , and I be suppose to be a whiz kid . emily I be a whiz kid too . jessup where 's Arthur ? where 's the mustard ? Emily show jessup where the mustard be . jessup anthropology seem to attract good - look woman . emily thank you . they smile agreeably at each other ; they have obviously hit it off well . ext . columbia university campus - several hour later 20a - dusk Emily and jessup walk across campus . they be engross in each other . jessup I have always be interested in interior experience , especially the religious experience . the only reason I be work with schizophrenics now be because the religious experience be so significant in schizophrenia . rev . 20a 3/6/79 jessup ... and there 's just so much you can do with animal . I work with monkey for two year . but monkey can not tell you what 's go on in they consciousness . you need human being for that . and you be not allow to ablate human being , and you can not stick electrode in they skull . so I have to use some kind of trance - induce technique , and the isolation tank seem the least risky . they eye catch . there be clearly something alive between they . jessup listen , I would like to go home with you tonight , will that be all right with you ? emily I have a roommate , we will be confine to the live room couch . jessup what 's wrong with the live room couch ? emily you tend to slip off a lot . jessup I be sure we will manage . emiyy I be sure we will . jessup so whenever you want to go there , let I know . emily how about right now ? 12 . 20a alter stateg - Rev. 3/5/79 21 through 23 int . emily's flat - live room - night Dark . two white body thrashing on the dark sofa . culmination . Emily thrust up , bury she face in jessup 's shoulder to avoid cry out . his moonlit back bead with sweat . she subside back onto the sofa , open she eye -- her Pov - jessup 's transfix face . his eye be wide open , rigidly stare into space , entrance . emily what be you think about ? for a moment , he do not seem to hear she . then , the entrance look dissipate -- jessup ( mutter ) God , Jesus , crucifixion . he roll off she , slide down onto the floor , he back against she leg . emily well , just so long as it be not another woman . nevertheless , it have be a curious moment and a odd thing to say . she try to see he face in the dark - ness , finally slip off the sofa and join he sit on the floor lean back against the sofa . emily as a rule , do you usually think about Christ and crucifixion under sexual stress ? jessup ( take a moment to consider he answer ) when I be nine year old , I use to see vision , vision of saint and angel , even Christ himself . I see he with the eye of faith , hang on the cross , he vesture dip in blood . I have a whole cult that grow up around I . people come from all over to see this kid who have vision of Christ . I get mix up with a little pentacostal church in South yonker . in the middle of service , I would suddenly become transfix , begin to babble in voice , and I would prophesy . of course , I do not do that any more , not since I be sixteen . 13 . al through 23 alter states - Rev. 3/5/79 13a . 21 she study he shadow face in the dark room , 21 through through 23 emily 23 be you parent religious ? jessup anything but . my father be a aeronautical engineer , my mother a clinical psychologist . Rev. 3/6/79 21 she watch he , fascinate . through 23 emily what happen ? I mean , how do a little kid who see vision of Christ turn into a physiologist teach at the Cornell Medical College ? he look at she for the first time , agreeably but strangely detach . jessup I stop believe . it be very dramatic . my father die a protract and painful death of cancer . I be sixteen year old and very fond of my father . I use to race to the hospital every day after school and sit in he room do my homework . he be very heavily sedate . the last few week he be in coma . one day , I think I hear he say something , I look up . his lip be move , but no sound come out . there be he yellow - waxen face on the white pillow , and he lip be move .. a little bubble form on he lip . I get up and lean over he , my ear a inch away from he lip . " do you say something , pop ? " then , I hear the word he be desperately try to say , a soft hiss of a word . he be say : '' terrible -- terrible ! " so the end be terrible , even for the good people like my father . so the purpose of all we suffer be just more suffer . by dinner time , I have dispense with God altogether . I never see another vision . I have not tell anybody about this in ten year . I be tell you now because I want you to know what sort of a nut you might be get mix up with . they stare at each other in the dark room . emily Arthur be right . you be a fascinating bastard . 14 . 21 through 23 24 25 26 15 . ext . 68 th and york avenue - december 1967 - day 24 Bright , sunny day . Emily , in winter coat and jeans , flusn a cheerful red by the cold weather , crossing the courtyard in front of New York Hospital . she turn up a pathway to Payne - whitney ; we know it 's Payne - whitney because there be a sign clearly mark : Payne - whitney psychiatric Clinic . int . corridor - payne - whithey ~ december 1967 - day 25 Long institutional corridor . a white - coat doctor ( age 45 ) bring a woman patient down the hall . the woman be twenty - eight year old , wear ordinary street clothes , a blouse and jeans , but be manifestly mad . she have that razor- sharp look , and she glgsle and shuffles as the Doctor move she along . a stairway door open , and Emily enter , pause by the door to let the patient and Doctor pass ; they disapoear into a room down the hall . Emily head for the door just before that one . int . a observation room = day 26 as Emily enter . jessup be already there , stand , observe through the one - way window . he wear a rumple sport jacket , slipover sweater , shapeless chino . through the window , we can see into a family - therapy room where the patient we have see in the hall - way a moment before be now be seat on a leather chair , the sort of chair which can unfold back into a recline chair . Alan hobart , in a long doctor 's coat , be be reassure to the patient . we can hear he friendly voice via a speaker on the wall . hobart voice ( on speaker ) you be look really fine today , Phyllis , much less agitate than last time . be you feel better ? the patient giggle , shuffles she foot , stare vaguely at the floor . Emily join jessup at the window ; they exchange a brief smile . in the therapy room , rosenberg , also in a long white doctor 's coat , be read from the patient 's record on a clipboard . a medical technician , ( young woman , age twenty - five ) , also in doctor 's coat , be prepare the eeg lead . they also greet the patient affably : the patient sit , giggle , she head bob . Rev. 26 3/6/79 16 . hobart voice ( cont would ) ( on speaker , affable , reassure ) we be go to do all the test we do last time , do you remember they ? Doctor antonini be stand right here in the room with you , so there 's nothing to worry about . we will put the eeg lead on you now , if it 's okay with you . the patient respond to nothing , stare emptily at the floor . hobart tell the technician to go ahead with the application of the lead , which she do . rosenberg , hold blood pressure equipment , pull up a chair with a amiable ~= - rosenberg's voice ( over the speaker ) how 's it go , Phyllis ? he wrap the blood pressure cuff around she arm , take she pressure . in the observation room , Emily and jessup stand sil - ently , side by side at the window , observe . emily ( after a moment ) well , . it 's settle . Metcalfe speak to Spencer again this morning , and it 's definite -- the job 's mine . so I will be in nairobi do my post - doec work iiay , June and July , and , in September , I will be teach at Harvard . jessup terrific . emily so it look like we will both be teach at Harvard in September . jessup look that way . unable to keep she cool any longer , Emily turn to face jessup , she face glow with delight . enily ily God , Eddie , you can not get any tidler than that ! we be go to . be together in goston and I think we * should get marry . jessup I wish you hadnit say that . alter states 26 Rev. 3/8/79 17 . emily 26 the idea have to come up sooner or later , you must have know that . jessup you know , of course , I be suppose to be at least a little bit nut . emily a little bit ! you be a mad monk , a unmitigate madman . -- so you do not have to tell I how weird you be . I know how weird you be . I be the girl in you bed the last three month and even sex be a mystical experience for you . you carry on like a flagellant , which can be very nice , but I sometimes wonder if it 's I that 's be make love to . I feel like I be be harpoon by some raging priest in the act of receive God . she would go on but be interrupt by voice issue from the loudspeaker . hobart voice ~= the same ? ~- rosenberg's voice ( rewarpping the sphygmomanometer ) -- yeah -- hobart make a note in he notebook . emily -- you be -- a faust freak , Eddie . you would sell you soul to find the great truth . well , human life do not have great truth . we be bear scream in doubt , and we spend we life persuade ourselves we be actually alive . one of the way we know we be alive be we love each other . like I love you . I can not imagine live without you . so let 's get marry , and if it turn out to be a disaster , it will be a disaster , and we will shake hand and say good - bye . in the therapy room , rosenberg be give the patient 26 18 . jessup 26 ( to Emily ) he 's give she dimethyltryptamine . it take effect in about a minute , and she will trip out for about half a hour . he abruptly leave Emily 's side and exit into the therapy room , visible instantly through the one - way window , move in the b.g. of the room to stand over the portable eeg machine , watch the tracing . in f.g. , we begin to see a noticeable change in the patient . she stop she giggle and shuffle , sit stiffly , more control , and the vaguely terrify vacuity of she expression abruptly change to one of intense concentration , almost trance - like . hobart be ask she he soft question again -- hobart voice ( over the speaker ) do you feel different now ? patient ( startlingly be - sponsive ) yes. hobart less anxious ? patient much less . hobart do you have any special feeling ? patient ( after a moment ) I feel like my heart be be touch by Christ . jessup be back again in the monitoring room . they watch hobart draw a triangle on a slate and ask the patient to duplicate it . she manage to draw one leg of the triangle but seem stump after that . jessup there 's a lot of religious delusion among acute schizophrenics . some guy say scnizophrenics be physically different from the rest of we . it 's almost as if they be try to change they physical selve to adapt to they schizophrenic image of themselves . ( more ) Rev. 26 26a 27 3/6/79 jessup ( cont would ) look , we will get marry since it 's that important to you . I do not want to lose you . I be not comfortable with wowen , and I be not likely to find anyone half as remarkable as you again . I think I can make a reasonably good husband . you understand I would rather not get marry , but I will go along with it . I do not want to lose you , you see . emily I suppose that 's the close thing to a declaration of love I will ever get out of you . jessup be I really that weird in bed ? emily sometimes . jessup shall I try to change ? emily no , I kind of like it . ext . pinckney STREET - boston - april 1975 - satuhday ~ day jessup be walk down pinckney Street . he be seven year olaer , and , when we see he closer on , we will see he be beginning to bald just a bit . at the moment , not be trunale he two - year - old daughter in a stroller with he leave hand and hold a large supermarket bag of grocery with he right . hopping along behind be he five - year - old daughter . jessup be in animated discussion with a big , fully bearded , boon bear of aman , age thirty - eight , mason parrish . two young professor on a Saturday afternoon , and they look every bit of it . parrish smoke a pipe . jessup wear 2 sleeveless sweater and neatly press slack . they pause for a kid on a bicycle to wheel he way past they out onto the street . jessup even wave to a neighbor sit on nis stoop . ext . boston ~ myrtle STREET -. april 1975 - saturday p.m. ~ day a pretty , tree -line block in the beacon Hill district , red-brick , ivy - cover townhouse , volkswagen and station wagon park along the curb . 26 19 . 26a 27 alter states Rev. 3/8/79 20 . 27 Arthur rosenberg , seven year older , and a bit less 27 bohemian , lean against a station wagon . he wear a sport jacket with leather patch , a tieless shirt , be bent forward amiably engage in conversation with he six - year - old son . he cuff the kid affectionately . the kid trot back and up the stoop and into the house bhey be stand in front of . rosenberg look up the block -- rosenberg's Pov = down at the end of the block , jessup can be see turn the corner off revere . it be simply too suburban for word , and rosenbeg can not help smil - ing . the two man be so engross in they talk they do not notice rosenberg , even when they be practically on top of he -- rosenberg if I do not see this , I would not believe it . jessup stop , stare -- jessup my God ! you be not suppose to be here till next week ! you get bald . * rosenberg so do you . * they pump each other 's hand . rosenberg be this new ? ( refer to * jessup 's glass ) jessup my God ! this be sensational ! ( to parrish ) mason , this be the rosenberg I be always tell you about ! parrish ( a .ebullient good old boy from West Virginia , grab rosenberg 's hand ) it sure be ! jessup when do you get into town ? rosenberg about three day ago . be this you kid ? alter states Rev. 3/8/79 27 28 through 37 38 through ho jessup they be . where 's sylvia , be she with you ? rosenberg she 's inside with Emily -- omitted int . the jessup apartment - live room - day sylvia rosenberg , pregnant again , rise from the kitchen table where she 's be have coffee with Emily , shriek with delight as jessup , rosenberg , ( carry the two - year - old jessup kid who be ery ) parrish , the grocery , the stroller be all make they way in from the entrance foyer . sylvia tear across the live room to embrace jessup , tear in she eye . everybody talk at once -- sylvia oh , my God , oh , my God , you look so wonderful ! jessup ( notice as he embrace she , she be pregnant ) when do this happen ? have you find a place yet ? rosenberg yeah , we get a nice little place near huntington field -- sylvia oh , my God , it 's be seven year ! since we move to San Francisco ! emily ( to parrish , who be bear the grocery to the kitchen ) Arthur 's go to teach at Boston U -- parrish ( exite into the kitchen as a beam - ing Emily come out ) so Eddie 's be tell I -- 21 . 27 28 through 37 38 through 4o alter states Rev. 3/8/79 38 through 4o the rosenberg boy come out of the kid ' room , silently regards all this adult effusion . at that moment , the jessup five - year - old slip into the room . parrish , back from the kitchen , swoops she up to she shriek delight . sylvia ( release jessup ) I can not believe it 's be seven year since we have actually see you people . 21a . 38 through ho alter states ~ Rev. 3/5/79 22 . 38 rosenberg stand and beam at this jolly scene of be - 38 through union . the apartment -- the ground floor , three room , through 4o two bath , kitchen -- be a scholarly shamble . pile 40 of book clot the entrance foyer and be strewn around the floor in every room . Emily apparently have set up a ccrner for herself in the live room , a bridge table for a desk , a typewriter barely visible among the welter of papers , periodicals , scholarly journal , student ! these , one of which be now flutter off the bridge table down onto the floor . everybody be talk at once -- rosenberg ( across the room to Emily ) I hear you just get associate professor <- emily yeah , terrific ! rosenberg ( to jessup ) you guy must be load , two professor in the family -- emily listen , we have get a place in Maine you can use for the summer . I and go to Africa again in June . Eddie will be in Mexico . jessup ( plunk himself down in one of the tear over - stuff chair ) listen , do you know a guy name eccheverria , University of Mexico , say he work with you in California ? rosenberg ( remove some book , so he can sit in the other chair ) sure . a very bright young guy . jessup he 's here in Boston at the botanical tiuseum . we will all have to get together . I be go back to Mexico with he in June . rosenberg what 's in Mexico ? alter states Rev. 3/8/79 23. 38 through 4o jessup 38 well , eccheverria 's get this witch through doctor down there , the hinci 4 of Indians . a isolate tribe in Central Mexico who still practice the ancient toltec ritual , sacred mushroom ceremony , that sort of thing . apparently , they use some kind of hallucinatory drug that 's suppose to evoke a common experience for all user . rosenberg sound improbable . emily ( enter ) Eddie , maggie have fall asleep on the couch . will you take care of she ? jessup ( take a beat to register ) sure . jessup scoops up he two year old daughter sprawle on the couch . jessup do you ever get into a isolation tank since New York ? rosenberg no , have you ? jessup no , but I have just find out they have get one here at the medical school . rosenberg no kid . I think that thing go out in the sixty . he carry the sleep child across the live room toward the back corridor . rosenberg get up to behind they , Emily come out of the kitchen with a tray of coffee cup and toll House cookie . parrish be lie on the live room floor pretend to have be knock cold by the rosenberg boy and the older jessup girl ; the kid be amused . jessup ( en route carry he kid ) I think we do some pretty interesting stuff in that tank in New York ... ( more ) alter states Rev. 3/8/79 38 through 4o jessup ( cont would ) «+. for the couple of month we play around with it . when I come back from tiexico , maybe we will get into it again . rosenberg why not ? 23a . # 38 through 40 38 through 4 of 41 24 , jessup disappear into the kid ' bedroom . rosenberg 38 pause outside the master bedroom to watch he preg~ through nant wife tidy up in front of the mirror . this room4o be not much more orderly than the live room . jessup 's work area be here , a honest three - drawer filing cabinet , a escritoire , a wall line with bookshelve and pack with text and journal and jessup 's own note , thick hardbound looseleaf notebook , neatly label . the rest of the room be in chaos . the large double bed be still unmade , and yesterday 's clothing be flung over the back of chair or pile on the floor . rosenberg ( note to he wife ) a terrific housekeeper she 's not . sylvia beckon he into ~~ int . the master bedroom - day 4l rosenberg join he wife at the bureau . sylvia they be get divorced , you know . rosenberg ( startle ) who ? what be you talk about ? sylvia I do not know if they be actually get divorced ; they be split up . she and the kid be move to a furnish place in Cambridge , and that 's why the place be such amess . they be move she stuff into storage tomorrow . then she 's go to Africa with the kid for a year , and he 's go to iiexico , and , when she come back , she 's go to live in Cambridge , and he 's stay here . it 's he want the divorce , not she . listen , I be surprised they stay together this long . rosenberg when do all this happen ? sylvia she just tell I five minute ago . rosenberg stare at he wife , then lean out into the corridor and look down to the kid ' room where jessup can be see gently cover up he two - year- old daughter with a blanket . yy 42 43 25 . rosenberg 4 . what happen to all that letter she keep write we how happy they be ? sylvia do not ask I . she 's still crazy about he , and he 's still crazy . rosenberg . ( mutter ) . Jesus Christ -- he go into -- int . the back corridor - day 42 and down that to -- int . the kide ' bedroom ~- day 43 -~ where he stand in the doorway watch jessup , now at the window lowering the shade , darken the room . even in the lesser light , the room be obviously in a state of be pack . there be open cardboard earton here and there and little girl ' dress still on they hangar on the bed and toy pile in haphazard heaps . : rosenberg listen , sylvia just tell I you be get divorced . jessup well , we be separate anyway . we probably will not get around to the divorce till next year . rosenberg look , it 's none of my business , but why ? you be marry to one of the great woman of the world , who adore you . you be obviously a devote father . my God , if anybody 's get it make , you have . you be a respected and admire figure , a full vrofessor on the faculty of the Harvard Medical School -- jessup ( good-naturedly ) oh , for God 's sake , Arthur , be that how you imagine I -- a respected and admire figure ? ( more ) 43 26 . jessup ( cont would ) 43 a devote father ? a loving husband ? well , I have also publish nearly two papers a year for the last seven year , and not a fundamental piece of work in the lot . and I do not know why you be so startle we be get divorced . you be the one who think she be crazy to marry I in the first place . rosenberg well , that 's true . jessup well , do not be too upset . it 's a amicable separation . nobody 's mad at anyone , and the marriage itself be sufferable , as sufferable as any of the other around . I think I have play my part well . I take the kid to the zoo . I stay up with they when they be ill , I romp with they when they be well . I sit around the live room of other young marry faculty member talk infantile masturbation , who 's suck up to the head of the department and whose tenure be hang by a thread . Emily 's quite content to go on with this life . she insist she 's in love with I , whatever that be . what she mean be she prefer the senseless pain we inflict on each other to the pain we would other - wise inflict on ourselves . but I be not afraid of that solitary pain . in fact , if I do not strip myself of ali this clatter and clutter and ridiculous ritual , I shall go out of my fuck mind . do that answer you question , Arthur ? rosenberg what question be that ? jessup you ask I why I be get divorced . rosenberg listen , it 's you life . I be sorry I even ask . alter states Rev. 3/8/79 27 . 43 4h * he turn to go . behind he , jessup stand on the far 43 side of he daughter 's bed , he eye suddenly white in the grayness of the room . the monkish , zealot cast of he face have never be more evident . jessup I want to be alone again , renounce the rubbish of it all , mortify my flesh , scourge my spirit . I want to get down to the embed rock of life , what Saint John would call the bare and barren soul . he suddenly smile , emerge out of the grayness of the room to where rosenberg stand in the spill of light by the doorway . he be honestly fond of rosenberg . he rest he hand on he friend 's shoulder . jessup why do not I call eccheverria , and we will all go out and have dinner -- int . dom' restaurant - night ay a noisy , cheerful table , eight voluble academic , all in they mid and late thirty , gabbling away , swill - ing they wine , stow they pasta down . they be all talk at once , and we do not need to hear any - thing clearly , but this be what they be say -- emily ( to parrish 's girl for the night , a second year mo student from Massachusetts General ) -~ what differentiate man from the chimpanzee , for example , be that man need tool for survivial and therefore evolve a cortical structure that could make use of tool -- ( to rosenberg who be thrust a petition form and a pen at she ) oh , for God 's sake , Arthur , you have not be in Boston a week , and you be already a member of the Committee of concerned scientist -- rosenberg just sign the damn thing , Emily -- 44 28 . exily 44 ( signing and rattling on to parrish 's girl as she do ) a chimpanzee might use a stick to dig into a termite hill , but he can survive as a species without it . a baboon , whose diet be almost exclusively vegetarian , will take half a hour to dig up a root . it 's just never occur to baboon they could shorten that time to five minute if tney use a stick . originally , man be just another savanna-live primate like the baboon -- parrish ( flirt with eccheverria 's girl , a botanist from the botanical Museum ) -- nobody really know hew memory work , apparently , we remember everything we sense for about fifty millisecond . then it disappear or be selectively fix in we consciousness . now , you be a botanist , sure as hell know puromycin can wipe out a memory , and sympathomimetic drug like strychnine , dextroamphetamine , et cetera can sti : ulate the retention of memory . but this be all poisonous , addictive , induce convulsion , and be alien to the body . the fact that a small chain of amino acid , acth four to seven , a natural substance of the body , be instrumental in fix memory be , I think , particularly interesting . this , however , raise another question . acth be a peptide . its secretory rate be influence by stress . do acth actually code learn or do it only relate to hormonal substance that form aue to stress ? you really interested in this shit , honey ? because , if you be , I will be glad to go into it more deeply any night this week -- 44 29 . rosenberg 44 ( now around to harras - sing eecheverria , a elegant senor , with he petition ) ~- we scientist have a moral obligation to the public as well as to we own research . some of that shotgun fragment could augment a bacterium 's ability to produce disease . for God 's sake , they be chopping up fruitfly and insert the segment into E coli and mass -produce bacteria . we be deal with a fistful of unknown . we can only identify a couple of the gene . and now there 's a lot of talk about stick a p - 3 lab here in Cambridge . they have already get they at Stanford and the U or h , and the whole thing with tumor viruse be already out of hand at Woods hole . we could wipe out the planet if we do not watch out , so just sign the damn thing , eduardo -- if we can make anything out of all this esoteric jabber , it will be jessup 's discourse to sylvia rosenberg , sit - ting at he right . jessup , who be have a lot more wine than he usually do , be load and talk loudly -- jessup ( to sylvia rosenberg ) -~ as a matter of fact , the year I spend in India be disappoint . no matter how you slice it , yoga be still a state-specific technology operate in the service of a a priori belief system , not much different from other trance - induce technique . what dignify the yogic practice be that the belief system itself be not truly religious . there be no Buddhist god per se . it be the self , the individual hind , that contain immortality and ultimate truth -- ay 30 . emily 4a ( interrupt she own colloquy to shout from she end of the table ) what the hell 's not religious about that ? you have simply replace God with the original self ! jessup : ( shout back ) yes , but we have localize it ! at least , we know where the self be ! it 's in we own mind ! ( he stand , not too sturdily ) it 's a form of human energy ! we atom be six billion year old ! we have get six billion year of memory in we mind ! Hell , we hydrogen atom be even older ! ( he have begin to weave a bit in and out of he place at the table ) memory be energy ! it do not gisappear ! it 's still in there ! -- ( he wheel to rosenberg , ig - nore the ner - vous interest he be cause at neighbor table ) there 's a physiological pathway to we earlier consciousnesses ! there have to be ! snd I be tell you it 's in the goddamn limbic system -- ! parrish ( roaring happily ) jessup , you be a whacko ! jessup what 's whacko about it , mason ? I be aman in search of he true self . how archtypically american can you get ? everybody 's look for they true selve . we be all try to fulfill ourselves , under - stand ourselves , get in touch with ourselves , face the reality of ourselves , explore ourselves , expand oursclve , . fver since we dispense with God , we have get nothing but we selve ts oxplain this meaningless horror of life . ( more ) kw wrirgey 31 . 45 ext . zapatecus province , mexico - JULY 1975 - long 45 46 shot - day the terrifying sierras of Central Mexico . as far as the eye can see , from horizon to horizon , rugge crag and violently plunging gorge , seemingly uninhabitable . ext . mountain terrain ( on the way to sacred mushroom field ) - day 46 precipitously surround by the brutal mountain . shatter splashes of color -- blue agave and yellow chaparral , and the crag of the blue- black mountain be almost orange in the sun . another angle across jessup in T-shirt and khaki short , and eccheverria , talk while they climb . make they way up the mountain , jessup carry a Sony tape recorder . eccheverria be hold sample of leave and root -- eccheverria ( while climb ) — the mushroom be almost certainly certainly amanita muscaria , a very powerful psychedelic and a little dangerous . it contain some belladonna alkaloid , atropine , scopolamine . the sinicuiche plant be highly regard among a number of indian tribe . I have see it as far north as Chihuahua . it should be especially interesting for you . the Indians say it evoke old memory , even ancient one . the hinchis call it the first flower . jessup , first in the sense of primordial ? | . eccheverria / i | yes , in the sense of the most ' ancient . jessup and eccheverria have reach the top and we see there Pov a plateau-like valley , precipitously surround by the brutal mountain . shatter splashes of color -- jessup I would like to try it . do you think they will let I join in they ritual ? eccheverria they seem like agreeable people . '' '' 47 ext . the hinchl home valley - day 48 move slowly across the plateau like cotton- picker , the hinchi tribe , all sixty of they , in they loincloth and cotton shirt and print dress , be fill they burlap bag with mushroom , branch of small slender tree , leave , petal , seed pod and white tuberous root , the last of which have to be dig out of the ground with bare hand . 49 ext . the hincil valley - outside the brujo' shack - dusk a shot or two show some of the hinchi tribe sprawling around they shack and tent , swigging corn beer and get smashed . a couple of mangy dog lope in and out of view . across three chosen women in they shapeless cotton dress , squatting and kneel , grind root and bud and leave and petal into vary degree of fineness . in b.g. , the brujo' shack , a ramshackle clapboard shanty with a shaky overhang hold up by two rotting pilaster . around a fire in a little clear in front of the shack sit jessup and eccheverria and four escogidos , the choose man . 50 across the man . around the fire with the shack in b.g. , through from which the fifth escogido , the man of power , the 56 brujo , be emerge , carry a small burlap bag . he be a shaggy old man in he late 60' , whose earlier con - tact with white civilization be affirm by the shape - less gray single ~ breast jacket he wear , the white like - the fringe of a prayer shawl . the fire they be all sit around be actually a primitive hearth ground . jessup have he notebook out and be put a fresh cassette into the tape recorder -- the brujo smooth out the small blanket lie near the fire and then begin to empty he burlap bag item by item and , space they with some ceremony on the blanket . the first item be a hunt knife , nearly a foot in length and glisten blue in the fade afternoon sunlight ; then a soft , brown leather pouch ; with age , from which he extract the ceremonial pipe , a dark - reddish stem about ten inch long and a blacken bowl . before place each item on the blanket , the brujo address the four direction with the object , chant in a low whine . the other escogidos , squatting and sprawling around the fire , have be and be bite peyote button , and they be stone out of they skull . jessup 's tape recorder whirs and turn . dusk be now descend quickly ; the valley be in heavy shadow now -- ( continued ) ky . w033 ‘at 48 49 50 through 56 50 the brujo take the last item out of the burlap bag , through a bundle of bound , white plant root . he draw one 56 of they out , split it down the middle with hia knife till it form a y , hum he dron chant as he do . he lean to eccheverria — the brujo ( to eccheverria ) quierene su amigo participar aun ? eccheverria ( to jessup ) he want to know if you still want to participate . jessup yes , of course . the old brujo go back to he soft chant , now bind together the fork end of the split root with tendril of a vine . behind they , two of the chosen woman be bring a large iron pot out of the house and set it on the hearthstone over the fire . jessup lean forward to examine the yellow sludge- like substance inside it . jessup ask he what kind of a experience I can expect . eccheverria que clase de experiencia pude esperar mis amigo ? the brujo Su alma regresara a su primera alma , eccheverria ( to jessup ) you soul will return to the first soul . jessup ask he what this first soul will look like . eccheverria como es le primera alma ? the brujo es la materia increada . eccheverria ( to jessup ) it be unborn stuff . ~ _ ( continufd ) of . s29 33 . 50 through 56 kar. sh2/95 34 , 50 jessup look up to study the brujo and find himself 50 through be study in return by the old man 's cat - like eye . through 56 the brujo begin to speak , eccheverria translate 56_ quickly between -- jessup nod . the brujo entonce , usted se lanzara en el vacio ~- eccheverria then , you will propel into the void ~~ the brujo usted vera una mancha -- eccheverria you will see a spot — the brujo La mancha se convertira en una grieta — eccheverria the spot will become a crack — - the brujo esta es la grieta entre la nada -~ eccheverria this be the crack between the nothing -- the brujo De esta nada saldra su alma increada -- eccheverria out of this nothing will come you unborn soul — ' the last of the sun have disappear . the valley be in heavy shadow . CUT to village with jessup and elder in a procession through the stone mushroom toward the brujo' cave which they enter . ( continued ) 50 int . brujo' cave - night 50 through the brujo 56 digale que extienda la palma de la mano — eccheverria he want you to hold the root . put out you hand with you palm up -- jessup edge closer to the old man and stick out he hand palm up . the brujo carefully place the root across the flat of jessup 's palm . suddenly , he separate jessup 's third and fourth finger and deftly slashes the joint with he hunt knife . jessup , shocked , scream , he be so startle , he just squat there with he bleed hand outstretch . the brujo seize he wrist and pull the bleed hand over the pot . he twist jessup 's wrist so that the stark white root fall into the pot . he hold jessup 's hand over the pot until a few drop of blood fall into the blackness of the ground behind he , shocked and spend , sick with a sense of outrage -- eccheverria ( lean over he ) be you all right ? jessup nod . the brujo and one of the other man be now carry the pot to the ritual blanket . in the night , they seem like monstrous shadow . jessup try to examine he bleed hand in the darkness -- jessup ( mutter ) Jesus Christ -- a form loom over he . he look up . it 's the old brujo hold out a cup of the liquid , expressionlessly . jessup sit up , take the cup , and drink . he get up on he knee and then stand and exit the cave into exterior the darkness . behind he , he hear the brujo and eccheverria mumble in Spanish -- the brujo ( voice over ) ( refer to the tape recorder ) esta trabajando la grabadora ? esta fumando tre partes de polvo de honguito con una parte de polvo de sinicuiche y una parte de pipoloxochital -- 50 through 56 36 . jessup 's body suddenly become two body . 50 one remain huddle on its knee vomit ; the other through slowly take shape outside the first body and then 56 as suddenly whooshes up into the sky until he be hardly more than a spot , visible only because of a curious luminosity about he . down around the fire , the other man seem entirely innocent of this extra - ordinary event . a mangy dog wander into the ring of sprawling man , sniff at jessup 's first body , still on its knee ; in the darkness a few yard away from the other -- the screen be now a dull , matte white , streak , as if paint on with heavy impasto wipe of a big brush . the yellow of the lizard slowly leak out into the whiteness , stain it . lose its color , the lizard disappear -- on the yellowing whiteness of the screen , a strange pulpy shape appear , fissure and crevice , a grayish blob , recognizable perhaps to biologist as a human brain , which instantly fold and slither into itself to take on other pulpy shape , change into soft , pulsate globule of matter , insinuatingly sexual in appearance , oleaginous in movement ; what we be , in fact , watch be a de-evolution of the brain , as it pass backward across the evolutionary continuum through the brain of a alligator , to that of a cod - fish , until it ooze into the primitive , linear ridge nervous system of a worm -- it all disappear -- another biological dematuration process -- blob of substance , grayish in color , slowly , constantly fold - ing and unfold into different momentary shape , from the curl up , loaf - like crack and crevice adult brain , ooze into the more simplify shape of the brain of a 6 - month embryo ; to the bulg vermiform structure of the brain of a 7 - week embryo ; a bulbous , shapeless thing ; turn into -- finally -- the brain of a 3 - week embryo , hardly more than a hose - like structure with something stick in its gullet , the bulg tip of a prosencephalon hang down at the end of the thick snake- like thing as if it be ashamed -- the screen , all of everything , begin to get darker and darker until everything , all of the screen , be silently , impenetrably black -- infinitely down below a tiny flicker spot , per - hap the last conscious image of the fire jessup have be sit around -- then ~~ suddenly -- a unbearable , blind flash of pure white light incandesc the entire screen a fraction of a second of explosion of pure energy -- then , it be all black again -- 50 through 56 37 . enormous flame , unbeiievably hot , out of which 50 emanate sudden , violent explosion and flare -- wee suddenly , one of this white - orange flare zigzag across the flame face of the screen , like a crevasse open up in arctic ice -- suddenly , nothing be leave to see but this jag crack stretch obliquely up and across the screen , as if the screen be about to crack open -- everything else be black -- the crack be flame red , then purple , then blue -- a violent series of sudden image , none of which last longer than a second -- a flame cloud of gas , hydrogen and helium , whooshes across the black screen at 90,000,000 mph , throbbing as it cool and contract with gravity -- another such cloud -- another ~- a huge spiral - shape cloud whooshes across the screen , condense into blue , condense into trillion of star , a embryo galaxy -- a blue cloud of gas , now get hotter and hotter and redder and redder as its trillion and trillion of atomic bit crush in on each other because of they mutual gravitational attraction -- the cloud be now a flame ball -- a star , a sun . at the eritical level of 20,000,0000F . it ignites and burn -- nuclear explosion follow nuclear explosion -- one of the spiral arm of the mikly Way galaxy -- the swirl tendril of the primal mist -- a water molecule freezing into a crystal of ice -- a flame yellow globe- like mass , the sun , surrounded by a iridescent halo of ice crystal and grain of rock or iron ~- the coalescence of small fragment into a larger fragment as the central fragment sweep its neighbor fragment into its &ravitational pull -- a endless expanse of cold , airless , waterless rock -- it begin to leak bubbles and bead of boil radio - activity -- a cloud of yellow sulphurous steam -- a fall of yellow rain -- a silent , sable sea of water , motionless , fill the screen -- all the above flicker imagery have take place across the blue , jag crack that seem to be split - ting the screen . the crack never disappear , it be a constant presence -- 50 through 56 38 . the crack suddenly erupt spew blind light out 50 like lava , the first cabalistic emanation of through light -- 56 everything abruptly condense back into blackness again . the blue crack have disappear . in its place , a brownish figure , if it could be call a figure , more of a molten mass of substance which appear to have arm and leg and a head , but so protean of form that the limb and other distinguishing feature keep dissolve into itself and extrude out of itself , bubbling up here and there , swell and contracting . it move in surf - like emanation of itself , expand and lap out of itself in slow exorable wave -- a high - pitch scream of exultancy -- the molten mass emerge larger and larger . its sub - stance seem to be iridescent , flaring with tiny flame -- behind it , the screen be now gold -- a sudden closer view of the molten mass -- the tiny flame be tiny explode neural matter . at he foot , the large yellow iguana , its pre-historic jaw slightly agape , its tongue flick in and out -- the lizard waddle across the expanse of golden screen towards the pulsate , flaring mass of brown substance -- it stop about halfway ; the lizard be suddenly wary , frighten -- it edge on slowly , cautiously -- suddenly , it be engulf by the flame molten sub - stance -- its limb be wrench , rip with a sicken scream of bone and muscle , out of they socket . the piece of the lizard be lift up with - in the molten substance by the improvisation of arm , and the shapeless head bow to devour the lizard -- it slowly surge around he -- the golden screen take on a reddish hue . the brown , orange , yellow object on it lose they definition in the merger of color -- again , the high - pitch scream of exultancy -- the screen be totally black again -- there be the feel of a bottomless shaft -- a whoosh of precipitous descent -- we seem to be see thing now in a black light . the screen seem fill with the branch of a tree -- in the black distance , there seem to be a campfire flicker in the wind -- jessup 's white face , squinting to avoid the poke of thea ayranchec 57 through 59 60 through 65 39 . ext . the hinchi valley - outside the brujo' shack - 57 night '' be nighttime in a valley in the mountain of Central Mexico . eccheverria , the brujo , the other four escogidos , sprawle around they fire , a couple of they asleep . about 20 yard away in the darkness , just on the fringe of the light of the fire , barely visible , jessup be stand in a bosk of bush . he be urinate . -- reverse across jessup as he zip up he short and shuffles back to the other around the fire . eccheverria look up briefly . otherwise , nobody notice he return . in b.g. , under the overhang of the brujo 's shack , two of the chosen woman sit in shadowy bundle of sleep . a dog drift through the body around the fire , momentarily illuminate by the firelight . jessup silently join the group , sink onto the ground , lie back and be instantly asleep -- ext . outside the brujo' house - next a.m. - day 60 through cheerful bright sunlight flood the valley . jessup , 65 stripped to the waist , be do he morning wash from a improvise tin washtank beside the brujo 's shack . he be chat with eccheverria who be lean - ing against the shack . jessup seem in excellent spirit . two of the escogidos be still sleep it off around the dead fire . a third escogido be off in b.g. urinate . the brujo come out of he shack , watch jessup towell he face off , amble over to where jessup and eccheverria be stand -- the brujo obtuvo la experience predicha ? eccheverria he want to know if you have the experience that be predict for you . jessup ( nod hello to the brujo , smile ) tell he I do , and I also nad a experience that be not predict for I . eccheverria El tuvo una experienca que no habio sido predicha . the brujo ( smile briefly ) El se comio una lagartija . 60 through 65 the brujo yo . eccheverria 60 ( to jessup ) through he say you eat a lizard . 65 jessup ( glance at the brujo ) how do he know I eat a lizard ? : eccheverria como sabe que el se comio una lagartija ? the brujo yo lo vio comerse la lagartija . todos lo vimo comerse la lagartija . eccheverria he say he see you , they all see you . jessup do that mean he be with I in my hallucination ? do he have the ability to get into another man 's mind ? eccheverria estaha usted con mis amigo en su sueno ? stare blankly at he . eccheverria tiene usted la abilidad de entrar en el sueno de otro hombre ? the brujo ( to jessup ) yo lo vio . todos lo vimo . eccheverria he say they all see you . jessup but I eat the lizard in my hallucination . I do not actually eat the lizard around the fire here . if he see I eat the lizard , he must have somehow join I in the hallucination . eccheverria El se comio la lagartija en su sueno . 60 through 65 66 through 68 41 . the old shaman scowl at jessup and then shuffles 60 off for the bush where jessup have return from through he hallucination , some 15 yard away . he turn 65 back after a few step and clearly want they to follow . jessup and eccheverria start after he . the brujo push he way into the scratchy bosk , spread - ing the branch , hold they aside for jessup and eccheverria to pass by . after a few pace , the brujo stop and point to the ground about ten yard to they right . jessup and eccheverria turn to look -- across jessup and eccheverria . it be not quite clear just what it 1s that be lie on the ground , somewhat shroud as it be by all the network of branch and hide by four dog who be swarm over it , eat it with the savagery of jackal . jessup push into the thick tangle of bush , a few more pace , follow by eccheverria . then , they both stop , as the realiza - tion of what they be go to see strike they both . they both involuntarily close they eye for a moment . eccheverria turn away . the brujo behind they shout at the dog who back slowly away snarling . one of they have the leg of something in he mouth -- jessup' Pov . lying in a gel of dry blood and leave be the ravage dismember torso cf what have be a green crest iguana , terrifyingly legless , the empty white bone of the leg socket white and fleck with blood . half the torso have be stripped of its greenish skin , and gobbet of raw flesh and expose viscera be open to view . over this , the SOUND of a man wretch , and the shout of the brujo keep the dog off . the dog can not wait to get back to the feast . a dog lunge in , grab one of the lizard leg lie a foot away and make off with it -- eccheverria be bent over , hold onto a branch of a bush , vomit . jessup have turn aside and be shad - ing he eye against the sight . the dog immediately plunge back to the feast . the brujo turn and make he way back out of the busn into the clear -- ext . outside the brujo' house - day 66 through jessup be check out he gear , he sleep bag , 68 tape recorder , notebook . eccheverria be pack he sleep bag . in b.g. , occasional sign of tribal activity -- jessup ( no longer in good spirit ) first of all , iguanas be not mountain lizard . eccheverria I know . 66 through 68 69 through 84 4 , jessup 66 they be shore and jungle lizard . through somebody must have bring that 68 iguana up here , and this whole hideous business be just 2 joke the Indians have play on I just to make the gringo look like a fool -- : eccheverria you ask I what happen , and I tell you . you be crawl around on you hand and knee for awhile . then , around seven - thirty , you get up and go to that bush , to urinate , I think . then it sound like some of the dog have jump you . there be a great deal of yelping and snarling and growl . then you scream . or something scream . and I and a couple of the woman go to see if you be in any trouble . we have just about get to the bush when the scream stop , and the old brujo yell at we to come back and forget it -- jessup scowl , frown , pack all he gear into one bundle , lash it tightly -- jessup do you think they would let I take some of that mixture I smoke back to Boston ? eccheverria we can only ask . jessup I would like Arthur to analyze , maybe synthesize it -- abrupt SHOCK effect CUT to : int . a bio - feedback room 69 through a vast volcanic terrain wrench and crevass -- 84 agonize SOUND of rock be wrench out of place -- suddenly , out of one of the crevass , a enormous , boil white , steaming shaft of rock roar up , immedi - ately follow by another shatter emergence of rock , the size of a small skyscraper , crush the first shaft of rock , force it to fold and crack and bend under the new weight -- Rev. 3/6/79 43 . 69 through 84 jessup' voice ( over ) 69 my God ! it 's crack , it 's through crack , the whole thing be 84 erack ! enormous mass of rock ! rosenberg's voice ( over ) be you okay , Eddie ? jessup' voice ( over ) I be fine ! get this stuff ! this be new ! -- the black water of a vast lake be heaving and bubbling ; suddenly out of this sable sea , a enormous volcanic cone of rock surge up , erupting with flame and boil rock , hundred of ton of plutonic explosion , a fantastic fountain of rock and scalding water rise two thousand foot into the air -- another plutonic explosion -- jessup' voice ( over ) -- deafen ! the noise be deafen ! can you hear I above this noise ! my God ! -- deafening , violent , agonized SOUND -- everywhere now , out of the sea , throughout the expanse of break land , monumental eruption of earth crust , rupture of rock and mantle -- each eruption of rock , pile on top of each other , steaming , white hot , fold , buckle , building . the air be fill with poisonous gas -- jessup' voice ( over ) -- the most unbelievable thing I have ever see ! I be watch the birth agony of a mountain ! I can not believe this ! -- int . a bio - feedback room - brigham hospital - 8 th floor - night across jessup lie on a large leather relax chair . he wear a T-shirt and jeans ; he foot be bare . 8 eeg lead issue from he scalp . his face be contort into fierce grimace , he mouth open into silent , strangu - late rictus . the room be sound - attentuate , empty except for the chair . the lighting be subdued . in b-g. , through the observation window ( 2 - way ) , we can see rosenberg and parrish in the observation room -- jessup -- my God ! can not vou hear it ! the noise be stupifying -- 8 alter states = Rev. 2/12/79 ay , 69 through 84 int . the observation room - day 69 through compactly and densely fitte out with all kind of 84 recording equipment . Three sheepskin-line coat be pile on the floor . rosenberg fiddle with some control . parrish stand at the window observe jessup in the sound - proofed room . parrish be a little disturb by what he 's observe -- jessup' voice ( over the amplifier ) -- a whole mountain range be be bear in front of my eye ! -- int . the biofeedback room - day reverse across jessup , eye wide open now , bulg , stare madly out -- jessup -- and the sun become black as sackcloth ! the full moon become like blood ! and a great mountain , burn with fire , be throw into the sea ! and the beast ascend from the bottomless pit ! and the angel of the bottomless pit -- he name in Hebrew be abaddon ! sudden . silence . int . the observation room ~ day sudden silence . through the window , we can see jessup 's face be serene again . the wheel of a cassette in a Sony tape- recorder slowly whirr . rosneberg ( click the intercom ) be you okay , Eddie ? jessup' voice ( calm , disembody , dispassionate ) I be fine . really , I be fine . parrish ( disturb by the experience ) Jesus Christ -- rosenberg ( into intercom ) do you want I to bring you down ? there be no response , a uneasy silence settles over the room . alter states Rev. 3/8/79 45 . 69 parrish 69 through what happen now ? through 84 84 rosenberg ~ he 's black out . this blackout can get very freaky . sometimes , they last as long as four hour . when he come out of it , he 's as chipper as a bird , but he do not remember a thing . parrish check the eeg recording machine . rosenberg all the vital sign be normal . he just black out . parrish how do you explain my come over here tonight ? rosenberg I tell he you call and ask how * everything be since we have not see each other in so long and I say , why do not you come over tonight and bullshit for awhile and you say terrific , jessup ( cut he off ) . just how dangerous be this stuff he bring back from Mexico ? rosenberg I do not say dangerous ; I say it be weird . it hang around too long . it go to all the wwong place . this stuff do not degrade . I must have shot up two dozen rat by now . we be retrieve sixty , seventy , sometimes eighty percent . and what 's really screwy be it head straight for the brain . I never see a psychoactive drug that do not wind up in the liver or in the kidney . there 's nothing in that stuff I do not know . a lot of alkaloid , principally cryogenine , some harmine -- rosenberg they be all know hallucinogen . parrish ( snort , cut * rosenberg off ) well , I do not believe this ! ( more ) alter states - Rev. 2/9/79 69 through 84 85 parrish ( cont would ) you ;uy be shoot up with a untest drug that stack up in the brain and work in the nucleus of the cell -- and you do not call that dangerous ? rosenberg for the record , we do not actually shoot up . Eddie drink a ten milligram per cc solution of the stuff . parrish well , it 's go to stop right now ! rosenberg what be you yell at I for ? I have be try to get he to stop for month . parrish you guy be suppose to be reputable scientist , for God 's sake , not two kid in the dorm freaking out on mexican mushroom ! rosenberg let 's see you stop he . what do you think I call you for ? int , the observation chamber of the biofeedback - day they be clean up the room , get ready to leave , gather up the roll of polygraph paper , put on they sheepskin coat . parrish already have he on -- . parrish ( who have be argue for some time and with some temper ) -- this be not lsd , goddammit ! this be not no serotonin antagonist you be drink ! how many gram of that stuff do you figure you have already get in you -- two , three ? you could be work up one hell of a case of cancer with a truckful of antimetabolite in you like that ! jessup ( head for the docr ) the hinchi Indians have ceen smoking that stuif for centure with no special incidence of cancer . parrish follow jessup out into -- room 46 . 69 through 84 85 alter states Rev. 3/8/79 47 . 86 87 88 int . FOURTH floor corridor - day : 86 ~- where jessup slip into he sheepskin coat -- parrish fuck the hinchi Indians . you do not know anything about that mushroom . it sound to I like they have fantastic stay power . rosenberg turn off the light in the biofeedback room and come out into the corridor , the tape be - eorder sling over he shoulder and carry he air - line bag . jessup lock up . they all head up the corridor ~-- jessup we have shot up at least thirty rat with that stuff . some of they have a whopping load in they , and none of they have be noticeably affect -- he lean into the departmental Office , which be the only light room the floor . he drop off the key -- jessup ( to whomever be inside ) thanks -~ ext . harvard medical school ~ central court - day 87 the three coat , dark figure of we heroes crossing the quadrangle for B building . parrish be still quite exercise ~- parrish -- now what 's all this shit about a isolation tank now ! for God 's sake ! you guy get flakier every time I see you ! I think all that isolation tank stuff go out in the sixty with timothy leary and all the other gurus ! where be this dumb isolation tank ! -- they plod up the step of B Building and into -- int . harvard medical school - B build - 88 entrance foyer -- day -- and head for the stairway , where they pause as jessup expound -- alter states ~ Rev. 2/9/79 48 . 88 89 90 90 a jessup 88 mason , shut up for a minute , and let somebody else say something . what happen during this blackout period be you get the feel of phenomenal acceleration , like you be shot out over million , billion of yeer . time simply obliterate . you sense the hallucination be go on , but you get no imase . well , I want to break through that blackout barrier , I would like to know what that image be that I know be go on but I can not see -- he open the door to -- int . the stairwell = day 89 ~- as they go clatter down the step -~ jessup -~ we can not raise the dosage of the drug because we be close to toxic level now . so the only way we can intensify the experience be to take the two hundred milligram in conjunction wita the tank -- int . basement corridor - B build - day 90 they go stride up a long broad tile basement cor - ridor stretch the length of B Building with similar corridor debouch off to connect up with the other building of the Medical School and eventually to the brigham Hospital . int . basement corridor - day 90 a it have a basement look , a row of locker along one wall here , some carton and crate spot along that wall there . it 's about 9:00p.m. , so there be not many other people about , perhaps two or three -- parish there 's a lot of thing I would like to do to that drug before you take any more . we should do a half - life determination , I 'é like to know the transport system . I would like to find some analogue . alter states Rev. 3/8/79 4g , 90 a 91 jessup 90a and that could take we a year ! all I know be this mexican stuff be a extraordinary substance , and every instinct I have say I be on to something hot here . and another two hundred milligram be not go to kill anybody . he 's find the room . he try the door ; it 's lock . he insert one of several key he 's bring out of he coat pocket . it turn . he open the door . he enter -— int . the isolation tank room - day 91 he flick the wall light on . overhead fluorescent lighting come on , to the leave , a brightly light ob - servation room , small and emptied of most of its equip - ment . with the exception of a eeg machine and its panel run up one soundproofed wall , the aluminum shelving around the room that once be compact with equipment be all bare . directly in front , the door lead to the tank room itself . jessup insert another kev , open it . the room be pitch black . he find the switch on the wall , one of that round one that allow for graduate level of light . subdued , hide light come up slowly . there seem to be a bed with a naked stripe mattress and pillow in the middle of the room -~ jessup they be do sleep study here . the light in the tank room have be brighten steadily until the room be well light . beside the bed in the middle of the room , there be some carton and empty animal cage along one wall , and , along the back wall , a coffin-shape black box , four by four by eight foot long — jessup there it be . rosenberg oh , it 's horizontal . it 's smaller # than the one we have in New York . jessup I do not think anybody 's use it in year . but I connect it up yesterday , and it work . it will not take a week to get this place clean out and function . 91 92 through 97 98 50 . parrish 91 you could get you ass in a sling if it ever get out you be use a untest drug on human subject . jessup do not worry so much , mason . nothing 's go to happen to I -= let 's go get a quick hamburger . I tell a kid in one of my class I might see she tonight -- he head back to the door , turn the light switch . the room darken -- parrish ( explode as he . follow ) all right ! do what you want to do ! I think you be both irresponsible as hell ! so do not call I any more , Arthur , to tell I you be worried about Eddie put all this shit into he ! I be tell you now = do not put any more of that shit into he till you find out a hell of a lot more about it ! I offer you the use of my lab and all the rat you can use ! and that 's as much as I want to be implicate in you dumb experiment ! and go get you own hamburger ! I get my own date I be already a hour late for ! -~ he storm out into the outer corridor -- 92 omitted through 97 int . C build ~ harvard medical school - two week 98 later - parrish lab = day a endocrinology lab . a small Christmas tree be in evidence . parrish , a grad Student , and a endocrino - logy fellow be stand by a scintillation counter , a large square aluminum contraption that look like a dishwasher except it have a digital recording device which be rattling off red digit at the moment . in b.g. , a second grad Student and two Lab technician , each at they desk , cut microtomal section or tend to the rat ( there be five cage of they ) , or whatever one do in endocrinology lab . they be variously dress . parrish have he long , white doctor 's coat on . alter states Rev. 3/8/79 51 . 98 99 100 through 102 he have be do round today , a stethoscope stick 98 out of he side pocket , a opthalmoscope , a pen light , fountain pen stick out of he breast pocket . in one hand , he hold a stack of computer programming card . parrish glance at he watch on he free arm , scowl -- parrish ( to the endocrinology fellow , extend the computer card ) you want to do this today ? endocrinology fellow ( take the card ) sure . omitted 99 int . isolation tank room - basement - B build - 100 day through 102 brightly light . the bed be go , the crate and cage be go . there be nothing in the room but the black tank . rosenberg be on a footstool bent over the tank check the eeg lead on jessup 's skull . the open doorway in b.g. suddenly fill up with parrish , un - buttone he coat . rosenberg , back off the foot - stool , carefully lead out the wire lead , notice he -- rosenberg could not resist , right ? parrish ( move into the room ) somebody 's get to keep a eye on you two sorcerer . he look down into the tank , camera look with he . jessup lie in the tank , float nakedly just below the surface of the inky black water , motionless , a faint almost imperceptible shimmer of white . his ankle be rest on what seem to be a surgical dam , he head on a headrest . he smile up at parrish . parrish what have you get in there , some kind of salt solution ? rosenberg ten percent magnesium sulfate , for * buoyancy . ( bring the lid of the tank from the wall ) give I a hand with this , mason . alter states Rev. 3/8/79 - 52 . 100 through 102 103 through 105 reverse look up from jessup 's Pov . parrish and 100 rosenberg loom up over the tank , carefully fitting through the lid into its hinge . they slowly lower it . 102 the screen go shocking black ~- > parrish stand look down at the cover black coffin of a tank -- - parrish weird , man -- int . observation room - day - 103 through the light suddenly dim to a very subdued level . 105 rosenberg have flicked they off and be already back in the observation room . there be a polygraph paper in the eeg machine , and the styli be already scrawling . a audio speaker be perch on the top shelf in a corner . a one - way window look out into the tank room where the black coffin-like tank lie in penumbral shadow . jessup 's and rosenberg 's sheepskin be pile on the floor in a corner . parrish add he to the pile . rosenberg elick the intercom on . rosenberg ( into the mike ) one-two~ three - four -- jessup' voice ( on the speaker ) one-two - three -four -= rosenberg ( on the mike ) - okay , you be fine -- ( click the tape recorder on , murmur into it ) Wednesday , January seventh , four twenty - eight pm . jessup 's voice chant over the speaker perch on the top shelf -- rosenberg ( indicate the eeg recording machine ) he go into theta like a shot , no spindle , nothing . jessup' voice ( override ) hey , this be terrific ! ( more ) * alter states Rev. 3/8/79 53. 103 through 105 jessup' voice ( cont would ) 103 a plateau or a lowland , grassland , through savannas -- I feel I be actually 105 alive and inside this landscape -- parrish stand , look through the one - way window . the black coffin-like tank lie silently in the subdued shadow of the tank room , he can see he own and rosenberg 's reflection superimpose on the tank . jessup' voice ~~ a density of woodland about a mile away , beyond that mountain that seem to be smoking , newly - bear mountain , cenozoic , latter tertiary , I be in a edge- area -- utter tranquility , but alive , life in the tree , life in the sedge , paradise , the Garden of eden , oh , my God ! the birth of man ! that 's it ! the birth of man ! that 's get to be it ! reaction shot of parrish get nervous . to he leave , rosenberg write note in a notebook ... jessup' voice -- my God ! there it be ! a proto - human ! the first and original truly human form ! tiny ! perhaps four foot high ! barely visible above the sedge grass ! completely furred , chimp - like , but erect , no knuckle - walk , short arm , move along rather gracefully -- there 's two , three of they ! bipedal , tiny , little furred humanoid creature , a rock , some kind of basaltic rock , a chunk of lava in they hand , they be stalking or hunt , that 's it ! it 's a hunt , they be hunt something -- it 's I ! it 's I they be hunt ! it 's I ! -- parrish look nervously over to rosenberg who be pre - pare a new cassette in a second tape recorder -- jessup' voice -~ beautiful ! beautiful ! I be racing through the grass ! I be try to get to the tree ! they be on my flank ! I be strike by a stone ! I be down ! they be on I ! no , just one of they ! it 's he kill ! the other have to wait they portion ! he 's beat I with the lava ! he 's gouging I . # alter states Rev. 3/8/79 54 . 103 through 105 106 parrish 103 for chrissake -- through 105 rosenberg ( click he mike ) be you okay , Eddie ? jessup' voice ~- ripping at my flesh ! I be the hunter now ! I be the killer ! I be kill ! I be eat ! I be eat the blood -= hot flesh of a giant goat ! I be eat a goat I just kill ! I be eat a goat ! -- a the hysterical fluency of jessup 's report abruptly deteriorate into a curious croak and then a series of quick clicking noise and then a strangulate sort of howl . it 's too much for parrish . he wrench the door open , stride into -- int . tank room - day 106 ~- wher he cross to the tank , pull the hinge head ~ section up . parrish Pov -- jessup 's white mask of a face , cushion in the rectangle of blackness , as serene as a saint 's . parrish be you okay ? jessup ( murmur ) it 's beautiful , beautiful -- rosenberg ( now right behind parrish ) do you want to come down ? 106 107 108 109 556 jessup 106 no . rosenberg lower the hinge lid . parrish pull out he cigar case , extract a cigar , head back to the -~ int . observation room ~ day 107 -- as rosenberg enter -- parrish sounded like he be have a bad trip to I . rosenberg some of this tank trip can get pretty creepy . suddenly , the speaker emit another of the croaking grunt , a series of clicking sound and then some lip - smacking sound . parrish rise nervously from he chair . parrish what the hell be that ? rosenberg ( into the mike ) you okay ! jessup' voice ( softly ) beautiful . parrish light he cigar -- rosenberg do you want to stop this ? jessup' voice no . rosenberg do you want I to leave you alone ? jessup' voice yes . omitted 108 int . corridor - B build - basement - night 109 parrish come out of the men' room , adjust nis trousers . he come walk back down the corridor , glance at he watch . he go into -~ 110 ill 112 56 . int , isolation tank room - entrance - night 110 -- and leave into -~ int . observation room - night lil -- where rosenberg be perch on he stool , read a mystery novel -- parrish I think you say this thing do not last more than four hour . it 's a quarter to nine ~- a strange grunt suddenly erupt from the speaker . rosenberg ( into mike ) be you okay , Eddie ? ( look through one= way window ) he 's come out -- int , the tank room - night 112 across the isolation tank as jessup stand up in it , hold the lid and set it down on the floor against the side of the tank . parrish and rosenberg come in . rosenberg help he clamber out of the tank . rosenberg ( remove the eeg lead ) I do not like be out of contact for this long period of time , Eddie . parrish hand jessup a hood terrycloth robe . jessup slip into the robe , begin towell he hair . he nod at rosenberg , a strange monkish figure in the dark room , shroud in the dark robe , its hood cowl over he head , only he white , wet eye visible in the cope blackness of he face . he seem to be try to say something . his jaw move , but nothing come out except a rasp kind of grunt . his eye stare mutely at they . he try to talk again but can only produce clicking sound . he sink slowly to he knee , he faceless white wet eye stare in blank shock out of the black oval form by the robe 's cowl . rosenberg I think he 's in shock . he turn the light switch on . Light slowly rise . parrish pull the hood of the robe back . 112 113 57 . as the light come on increasingly strongly , we see 112 jessup on he knee in the middle of the room , he robe hang limply on he white body , he face stare blankly up , he cheek and mouth wet with red blood , smear where he have towelled he face , look for all the world as if he have recently raven a carcass . parrish he must have bit he lip . he towel away some of the blood , then slip out of he lab coat , strip off he shirt , lean over to the tank , , wet it in the tank , use it to clean jessup 's face . by now , the light be fully on , and the room be well light . parrish fetch he examine light from he lad coat , poke it into jessup 's mouth and up he nose . parrish ( mutter ) must have have a seizure , hit he head or something . jessup seem to be come out of he shock . he be try to talk again . all that come out be a whistle and a clicking SOUND . he reach out he hand to rosenberg to be help up . his two friend finally get he stand . the shock be clearly go now . his eye respond intelligently ; in fact , they glisten with excitement . he be smile . he head for the observa - tion room , indicate that since he can not talk , he want to communicate by write -- int . the observation room - night 113 by the time parrish and rosenberg get there , jessup be seat on rosenberg 's chair and have scrawle something in rosenberg 's notebook . rosenberg lean over to read the message -- rosenberg what do you want blood test for ? parrish can you hear I ? can you understand I ? parrish reach forward to palpate he neck . jessup angrily brushes parrish 's hand away , scrawl a long . message in rosenberg 's notebook -- parkish what 's he say ? alter states Rev. 3/8/79 ' 58 . 113 rosenberg 113 ( read as jessup write ) he say : na buccal smear and blood for a karyotype . also blood sample for the goodman and sarich lab . picture of my neck . a whole series of film . now . before I reconstitute . exclamation point . ' parrish ( slip back into he long white lab coat ) before he what ? rosenberg before he reconstitute . parrish well , take he damn blood , and then * maybe he will let I take a look at he . rosenberg , who carry he stuff around in a old air - line bag , fetch out a vacu-tainer and some tube and a rubber tourniquet . he set about take blood sample from jessup 's leave arm . parrish _ ( to jessup ) do you mind if I examine you neck for a moment ? jessup , who be clearly in a state of high excitement , roll he eye in exasperation but allow parrish to palpate he neck . rosenberg ( insert the syringe ) any mass ? parrish no . parrish auscultate jessup 's neck , shine he opthal - moscope into jessup 's eye . to all this , jessup sub - mit with little grace and only because he be confine by rosenberg draw blood . he be obviously in con - siderable inner turmoil . he sit on the chair in he bulky robe , he leg cross , one swinging nervously . he finally push parrish aside and begin scrawling in the notebook again with he right hand . parrish lean over to read the message . alter states Rev. 3/8/79 59 . 113 114 parrish 113 ( lose he own temper ) oh , stop talk shit ! be you say you dumb hallucination have externalize ? rosenberg ( insert a new tube ) what would he write ? parrish ( read ) not common aphasia . time -space fallout from the hallucination . ( bend so that he be nose - to-nose with jessup ) you be a fuck flake , jessup , so get dress , and I be take you over to the brigham to do a complete work - up on you ! ( as jessup shake he head , parrish explode ) you be a very sick dude , you dumb son of a bitch ! and I want to look down you throat , get some skull film , do a cat scan , maybe even a arteriogram , and I would like a unbiase eye to look at that eeg tracing ! jessup shake he head a very arctic and imperious no . he write a brief message in rosenberg 's notebook and stab it with two exclamation point . rosenberg ( insert a new tube ) what 's he say ? parrish he say he just want x-ray . okay , finish up with he , Arthur , and let 's get he over to x-ray . int . the tank room - ten minute later ~ night 's 114 parrish , wear he sheepskin jacket now , be clean up in the tank room . he roll he tear shirt into a ball with jessup 's bloody robe , then go over to make sure the valve have be shut tight , then go into -- 115 116 117 118 60 . int . the observation room - night 115 -- where rosenberg and jessup be also tidy up , pack - ing the stack of polygraph paper , etc . parrish ( indicate jessup 's robe ) I will be right back . I just want to get rid of this stuff . he exit . int . sub - basement tunnel - night 116 empty except for the three of they , a quixotic trio , shambling , bulky parrish , tiny rosenberg carry he airline vag , jessup in Levis , he shirttail not entirely tuck in . they ar- - sove through the bowel of the building . the iu ..ll be line with huge , thick , hot water pipe . they pass the open incinera - tor , well dig deep into the foundation of the build ~ ing . flame leap up from the depth . rosenberg ( as they go ) be it possible it 's purely mechanicai ? parrish well , neurologically , he 's grossly intact , and , if it be not neurological , then it 's get to be mechanical -- they push through swinging door . parrish pull a exit door open -- parrish I would like to get a look at he cord and do a barium swallow -- int . a stairwell - night 117 -- as they head upstairs -- parrish maybe I will run down to emergency and pick up a ent bag -- int . the erigham hospital ~ a corridor - night 118 the three of they come down tne othervise empty yellow - tile hospital corridor to a door which have a little wooden marker stick cut of the wall above it , read X - ray . they turn into -- 61 . 119 int , the brigham - x-ray department - outer room - 119 night a technician look up at this late interruption -- parrish I want some plain film of this guy 's neck , a PA , a lateral and a oblique . technician Jesus , Doctor , I be back up to my ass for tonight -- parrish ( snap ) take the damn picture ! this be a emergency ! the technician lead jessup * ' 5 a x-ray room , close the door . parrish lean back against a wall -- rosenberg I guess we have better not tell Eddie he have blocd on he face when he come out of the tank . he will claim it be goat 's blood from that goat he be eat in he hallucination . parrish oh , for chrissake ! you really be get as weird as he be . rosenberg well , what do you think happen ? parrish ( fish a cigar from he cigar case ) he 's not the type for a hysterical conversion , so I be think seizure . he come out of the tank in a fugue state , and he have blood all over he face . he must have have a seizure in the tank , bit he tongue while convulse and be post - ~icticly aphasic . I think maybe he have a vascular insult , a stroke or flip a embolus . but , neurologically , he 's intact , so I be think seizure now -- 120 int . X ray room - night the technician clipping up the x-ray to be 120 examine . 120 121 62. parrish , rosenberg and jessup huddle in front of they . 120 jessup point with excitement to the throat area -- parrish ( growl ) take it easy . none of we be so terrific at read x-ray . technician what be you guy look for ? parrish ( indicate the x-ray ) put this thing in a envelope , and who 's read tonight in radiology ? technician Doctor wissenschaft . jessup put he hand on parri: . 's arm and shake he head . parrish ( just about control - ling he temper ) I want someone to look at that x- ray who can read they , Eddie . jessup indicate he want to talk outside . he and parrish go out into -- int . the corridor outside ~ night 121 the two of they stand in a long , empty hospital corridor ~~ jessup I would rather not have everybody in the brigham in on this . it 's bad enough we have get this nosy x- ray technician . it tax parrish a moment to realize jessup be talk again . parrish be you all right ? jessup I be fine , mason . I try to indicate this be just a transient thing . parrish a transient ischemic attack , that 's what it be -- ( more ) 121 63. parrish ( cont would ) 121 ( lean into the x-ray department , say to rosenberg ) he 's get he voice back , rosenberg come out into the hallway carry the large manila envelope contain the x-ray . parrish : jessup it be not a ischemic attack , it be not a seizure . you see the x-ray , mason . there be a clear fusion of the digastric muscle to the hyoid bone , and the larynx be in a unusually forward position . I be not sure , but I think the digastric muscle which be looped in human , be fuse directly to the bone - to ape . I obviously regress tc some quasi - simian creature . take the envelope of x-ray from rosenberg . parrish ( try not to explode ) I be take this over to someone who can read they risht . we be read they wrong , that 's all there be to it . because nobody 's go to tell I you de -differentiated you goddam genetic structure for four goddam hour and then reconstitute -- ( the more he try to keep he voice down , the more apoplectic he get ) I be a professor of endocrinology at the Harvard Medical School . I be a attend physician at the Peter bent brigham Hospital , a consulting editor to the american Journal of endocrinology , a fellow and vice - president of the Eastern Association of endocrinologists , the president of the journal club -- ( he erupt into full - blow rage ) -~ and I be not going to listen to any more of you cabalistic , quantum , frigging , dumb , limbo mumbo jumbo ! ( he brandish the envelore ) I be go to show this to a radiologist ! o™ 121 122 64 , he turn , stride down the hallway to the next door 121 which be mark radiology , thrust the door open , stride into -- int , department of radiology - night 122 where dr . wissenschaft , a unhappy resident , be poring over a stack of x- ray picture -- parrish ( get himself back in control , extend the envelope to the radiologist ) do I a favor , take a look at this . wissenschaft ( extract the film ) what 's the story in '' " 's case ? parrish thirty - five year old white man , acute onset of aphasia , no history of trauma . wissenschaft ( affixing the x-ray against the light ) what be you look for ? parrish it look to I like the architecture be somewhat abnormal . wisse : schaft ( peer at the film ) somewhat ? this guy 's a fuck gorilla . 122a int . jessup' flat - bedroom - night 122a Dark . closeup of jessup , asleep . his eye slowly open . despite the heavy shadow , we can see he eye glisten with terror . his mouth open slowly till it be agape with terror , as if he be about to screan . camera suddenly pull back as he abruptly half - rise , simultaneously throw the blanket from off he . he stare horrify at he body . he be wear only he pajama trousers , and scmething terrible seem to be happen to he body . it seem to be swell and contort as if force inside he body be try - ing to break out . we can see now that a young woman , presumably the Medical Student mention above , be asleep on the other side of the bed , turn with she back to we . 122a 122b 65 . she be naked , and , in she sleep , try to cover she 122a expose back with the blanket jessup have pull away in he terror . closer angle of jessup 's body . his arm suddenly shrivel into a bent little furred arm , much like a rat 's paw . suddenly , he foot be webbed ; a split - second later , they be furred as well ; a split - second later , they be back to normal . his face be a mask of pain . he touch he head , feel the bone of he skull -- he jaw , the bone just above he eyebrow , which seem to be move under he skin , reassembling into new formation . he suddenly bend forward , clutching the back of hl neck as if he have be brutally strike there . his chest surge into massive musculature and subside . crack appear and suddenly spread throughout he body . the Med Student stir , still try to cover she nakedness -- mo student ( murmur drowsily ) be you okay , Dr. jessup ? jessup ( on he elbow , no longer in pain , merely observe the change deformation of he body ) yes . he force himself into a sit position , he leg hang over the side of the bed . he almost fall to he knee beside the bed . slowly , carefully , he make he way around the bed to the bathroom , all the while he body crumble , crackle and buckle , as if he be make of dry earth , as if seismic force be at work within he . he get himself into the -- int , the bathroom - night 122b -- close the door , flick on the light and stare at himself in the full - length mirror on the back of the bathroom door . his Pov -- what he see in the mirror in the dull yellow bathroom light . a series of disjunctive evolu - tionary image of himself , flicker one after another , none of the image last longer than a fraction of a second . the image be mostly hominid and protohuman , ramapithecine figure , in which he be no more than three foot tall . several of the reflec- tion snow he in the shape of a delicately - finger , insect -eate , lemur-like animal , perch in a tree , clutching a branch , and stare out through enormous soft eye . 122b 122¢ 123 124 through 126 66 . suddenly , he be he realistic self in the mirror , a 122b slight , white -skin young man in he late 30 , wear - ing pajama pants . the whole thing last perhaps five second . mo student ( 0.s. ) ( call from behind the door ) be you all right , Dr. jessup ? jessup ( stare at he reflection ) I be fine . he open the door , come out into -- int . the bedroom - night 122c -- where the Med Student stand , hold the blanket vaguely around herself , more asleep than awake . jessup head for he desk on the wall face the bed -- jessup I just want to make a few note -- he sit at the desk , click on the desk lamp , reach for a notebook , open it , begin to write . behind he , the Med Student sink back onto the bed and be in - stantly asleep again . jessup write -- then pause to stare at he naked right arm on the desk . camera pan down to the arm . a protoplasmic substance bulge out and move up he arm under the skin like a moie and disappear into he elbow . he regards this phenomene in blank astonishment and then return to he meticu - lous write down of what have just happen to he -~ ext . logan airport - april 1976 - sunny day 123 a klm jumbo jet touch down on the runway ~- int . logan airport - custom area - arrival gate 124 through Emily and the kid , brown by a year of African sun . 126 a great deal of luggage , a year 's worth , plus carton and crate and bag -= a porter wheeling a handtruck fill with just they luggage , head for the arrival gate where a crowd be await the arrive passenger -- reverse from Emily to the gate where jessup can be spot among the pack of wait greeter . Emily point out they father to the girl who break into a run and race to he . 67 . 124 he seize they both , hug they individually , then to - 124 through gether , then turn to Emily wno have just come through through 126 the gate and embrace she . / 126 jessup my God ! you all look so marvelous ! Emily study he face . there be a feverish quality in all this enthusiasm . emily how have you be , Eddie ? he take a moment to answer . jessup I do not know . strange thing have be happen . he whirl , seize both saueal kid , one under each arm and stride off . grace be you go to drive we to we new house ? jessup ( stride along ) you bet you life . and I be go to help you unpack , and , depend on how nice you be to I , I may take you all to a chinese restaurant . Emily , concerned , make anxious by the strange , almost mad , uncharacterisite exuberance of she husband , follow along with the porter and the luggage -- 127 int . emily's new home ~ live rooti - several hour 127 later - dusk the room , indeed the whole flat -- the bottom floor of a cape cod house on avon Hill in Cambridge -- be a wild disarray of pack and unpack luggage . carton , small crate , valise , carry bag lay open in every room , half - emptied ; clothing be pile on bed , in heaps on the floor ; book and notebook , can of film and stack of tape recorder cassettes and reel be mass in mound on bed , chair and table . through the window , we can see dusk be descend outside . we might even catch glimpsis of the jessup child on the front porch . through all this disarray , Emily move follow she own private pattern of efficiency , pile this bunch of thing here and carry that pile of clothing across the entrance foyer of the house into the bedroom where she dump they on other pile of clothing . she turn on a lamp in the room . 127 127a 68. it have a orange shade , and it cast a orange light . 127 all the while she chat away with jessup whom we can see in the kitchen to the rear of the live room , sit at the formica- top table , leg cross , sip ~ - ping a cup of coffee -- emily ( as she go through all the above ) -- anyway , do not let anybody tell you baboon be not occasionally carnivorous . I personally observe two instance of predation which involved the unmistakeable behavior of hunter . a pair of baboon kill young thomson gazelle and eat they . there be a rudimentary communication between the two baboon that be noticeably different from the usual baboon vocalization . so I have become fascinate with the work on non= verbal communication be do with ape . I have be corresponding with the gardner at the University of nevada . I may just go out and spend a couple of week there this summer . I have get nothing else to do except write up my report . jessup I do not suppose you record any of that baboon sound . emily yes , of course , I do , why ? she come into -- int . the kitchen - dusk 127a ~-- where she pour herself a cup of coffee -- jessup I would like very much to hear they . emily of course . she pull up a chair , join he at the table . jessup Mrs. tully say she will be here tomorrow morning at ten-thirty to help you put everything away . ( more ) Rev. 3/6/79 69 . 127a jessup ( cont would ) 127a she want to know if you want she to come back to work steady , and I say I be sure you would . she nod . a silence fall between they . they sip at they cup . she steal a glance at he . emily I get a letter from mason about a week ago , just before we leave nairobi . he say that over the past year you have take about two gram of that drug yourself and that you have a very unusual instance of genetic regression about three month ago , which he think be a incipient neoplastic process , and that you have probably get leukemia or lymphoma . he 's be try to get you into the hospital for a complete workup , but you refuse to go . he 's worried stiff that you be crack up . he think you be behave very strangely , and he begge I to talk to you about this when I get back . jessup mason be pathologically incapable of keep he mouth shut about anything . emily he 's worried about you . jessup he 's also a stupid , starch , doctrinaire idiot . emily mason be a first~rate doctor . jessup it 's not leukemia or any other kind of cancer ! he stand , flushed with fury , he hand visibly trem - bling with the effort of control he mount rage . jessup I let he do a liver - spleen scan on I and a cat scan . I have be probe , scope and palpate ! ( more ) Rev. 3/6/79 70 . 127a jessup ( cont would ) 127a parrish have have a mirror down my throat or up my ass every half hour for three month ! and there be no evidence , no suggestion whatsoever of cancer ! she say nothing ; he stride off into the live room and be as suddenly back . jessup what else do he write you ? what else do he tell you about that genetic regression I go through three month ago ? she say nothing for fear of provoking another outburst . jessup disappear into the live room . after a moment , she stand , go to the doorway . tl. 127b int . emily's live room - dusk 127b across Emily look into the live room where jessup be hunch over by the porch window , try to read the label on a stack of audio cassettes by the fade daylight . jessup which of this have the baboon vocalization on they ? I would like to hear they . emily why ? jessup ( smile briefly ) do mason write you that during that incident of regression I go through , I have a aphasic experience for about four hour ? the only sound I could get out be click and grunt . I have get a gut hunch they be very much like the baboon vocalization you have on you tape . emily mason say that you take blood test , and the lab report show some characteristic of simian blood group system . jessup they also pick up antigen , specific to man . emily I would like to see that data . jessup we also take a buccal smear . the chromosomal count be forty - eight -- emily be you serious ? jessup and the structure of the karyotype be also non-human . they stand , stare at each other across the room . Three year old Margaret straggle into the room and wrap herself around she father 's knee . jessup fondle the tow head absently . alter states - Rev. 3/5/79 127b jessup look , Emily , a incomprehensible instance of regression have occur , literal , physical regression : muscle , bone , chromosome and gene . we have a small body of evidence that cannot be explain away as leukemia or lymphoma . there be a transformation of piological structure , that 's clear . Beyond that , all we have get be a singularity , a physical event that be out of context of all know theory . ( pick he daughter up , clutches she to he , whisper into she hair ) everybody think you father 's go nut -- ( stride around the room , clutching the ehild , talk in burst like a man out of breath ) I mean , for God 's sake , the thing to do be for I to get back in that isolation tank and try it again ! let 's see if it happen again ! I mean , none of we really believe it happen ! after three month , I be beginning to wonder if it ever happen myself ! but , oh no ! they will not go back in the tank ! mason 's take over the whole project ! he 's get Arthur up in he lab every day , fractionate rat ' brain ! what the hell be I suppose to do while they be fractionate rat ! brain ! I be convinced the regression be trigger by a act of consciousness ! while I be in the tank , I enter another consciousness ! I become another self ! a more primitive self ! and the drug , in some way , trigger the externalization of that other , more primitive self ! 72 . 1278 73 . 127b his daughter begin to cry . 127b emily put she down , Eddie . you be frightening she . jessup gently restore the girl to the floor . Emily pick up the frighten child . when she look up to she husband , he be sit on the soft chair under the lamp , he eye close , he face masklike . jessup at least , look at my data . emily of course . maybe tomorrow afternoon . would tomorrow afternoon be all right ? jessup do not patronize I . emily I be not -- jessup ( stand , shouting ) it 's just possible I be not mad , you know ! I be ask you to make a small quantum jump with I ! to accept one deviant concept -~ that we other state of consciousness be as real as we waking state and that that reality can be externalize ! emily you be scream . jessup I know ! but I have be get this patronize shit from Arthur and mason for three month now , and I be sick of it . we have get million of year store away in that computer bank we call we mind ! we have get trillion of dormant gene in we , we whole evolutionary past ! perhaps I have tapped into that ! for God 's sake , all I be say be I want to get back to that tank and repeat the experiment ! the most elementary laboratory behavior ! repeat the experiment ! confirm it ! I would like other responsible scientist with I when I do it ! ( more ) 127b 128 through 132 133 134 135 7h . jessup ( cont would ) 1273 I would like a little consensual validation on this ! we may have demonstrate a whole new force in nature . my God , doe not you agree 4t merit further investigation ? we be talk about a achievement comparable to Newton , darwin , Einstein ! he sit again , cross he leg , fold he hand in he lap . the orange light of the lamp slashes across he face . jessup ( dementedly calm ) I have get all the tape , note and everything at my place . what time would you like to come over and look at the stuff tomorrow ? emily two , two -thirty ? ( smile nervously ) I just want to get Grace . I will be right back , carry Margaret , she go out into -- 128 omitted through 132 int . entrance foyer - dusk 133 she be very nervous , a little frighten . she open the front door and go out onto -- ext . front porch - emily's house - dusk 134 -- where she stand scour the area for she other daughter . she spot she down the block a bit and across the street talk to a woman , a neighbor , with a@smaj1 roy . she move quickly down the porch step and out to -- ext . avon hill - dusk 135 ~- where she set Margaret down and head across the street . emily ( call ) Grace -- 135 75 . the woman turn to she smile -- 135 neighbor I be Linda sandys . I belong to that house over there -~ she point to a gray clapboard house down the block . emily I be Emily jessup . neighbor and you have just come back from Africa today . Grace have be tell I and georgie all about it . my husband 's in french classics . emily I be in anthropology . neighbor would you like to come over and have some coffee ? emily ( force a smile on ) I would love to really , but I have get a hungry husband back in the house . ( to she daughter ) we be go to a chinese restaurant . the child race back to they house . emily we be still unpack -- neighbor of course . pmily I will take you up on that coffee tomorrow morning , if I may . neighbor please . the gray house there . emily thank you , excuse I . she hurry back down the Street . when she get to the front path , both kid be come out of house - onto porch . emily ( frighten ) be you father all right ? grace where be he ? 135 136 137 138 139 76 . emily 135 oh , God -~ grace be we still go to the chinese restaurant ? emily yes , of course . I just want to make a few phone call -- let 's get inside , int . isolation tank room - night 136 the screen be black . a door in the back of the black - ness open , and jessup enter silnouetted in the ' rectangle of light make by the open doorway . a moment later , soft , subdued lighting come on . we be in -- int . isolation tank room -- night 137 -- look across the black tank to jessup enter in beg . he be wear the jacket , sweater and shapeless chino he be wear in the previous scene and be carry rosenberg 's airline bag . he turn on a water valve . Water rumble into the tank . he check the thermostat , open the airline bag , extract a jar of magnesium sulfate , pour it into the gather spume at the bottom of the tank . he strip off he jacket and sweater , keep check the water level in the tank . he take a mason jar of clear liquid out of the airline bag , measure off 4 ec of the liquid into a syringe , squirt that into a beaker . he drain the beaker in one gulp , walk to a shadowy corner of the room where a white porcelain bowl be sit , stripping off he shirt as he soe . he drop the shirt on the pile make by he jacket and sweater . he go into -- int . the observation room ~ night 138 -- where he sit , check the time on he watch and make a.notation in a notebook . he unclip he watch , stand , walk back into -~ int , the tank room ~ night 139 -~ where he drop the watch on he clothing , check the water level in the tank . tt . 140 ext . # 22 avon hill - emily's house - night 140 a taxi pull up . the door open , and Grace and Margaret come tumble out and race up the path to the porch . a moment later they be follow by they mother . 141 ext . emily's house - porch - night 141 emily ( unlock the front door ) it 's eight - thirty , so get wash and change right now , and I be in no mood for any trouble from either of you tonight , do you understand ? the phone be ringing inside . she get the door open , and the kid scoot in . Emily hurry across -- 142 int . front foyer - night 142 -- and into -- 143 int . the live room -- night 143 the phone be still ringing . she pick it up , flick on the light as she do -- emily ( on phone ) yes , hello ... oh , mason , thank you for call . I assume you have speak to Arthur ... no , I just get back from dinner with the kid ... well , I just do not know what to say . I think you be absolutely right . I think he 's on the verge of a breakdown , he be here all afternoon and carry on like a madman and then just disappear . ordinarily , I would not be this panicky , but I just be -- 144 int , the observation roo : - night 144 we be look through the one - way window into the tank room , where the black coffin-like box of the tank sit shroud in shadow . ‘le just watch it for a moment . ' then the lid start to rise . it 's be raise by what seem to be a furred arm -- las 146 147 148 149 78 . int . the tank room - night 145 angle shot look down on the tank as the lid be raise completely out of its groove and push tnudding to the floor , revealing stand waist - deep in the water in the tank a small , perhaps four foot high creature , finely furred , human stance , bipedal if perhaps a bit sloping in the shoulder , definable human feature except for a massive project ridge of bone above the eyebrow and a prognathic jaw , a somewhat flatten skull , a low brow , chinless ; a creature just tall enough so that its little red eye can barely see over the wall of the tank . it grunt , make a clicking SOUND -~ int . B build - medical school - cadaver room - 146 a hour later - 9:30 p.m . hector ortega , 39 year old , one of the janitor 's staff at the medical school , gather the trashbags in the room . this be the room where they keep the cadaver hang on hook like side of beef for the morning 's dissection class . there be two such naked , death - wnite cadaver hang now . ortega carry the trashbags out into -- int . B build basement - corridor ~ night 147 -~- where he unload they into the can of he clean cart . then he trundle the cart down the corridor , try door as he go . they be all lock until he get to the door of the isolation tank room , which be mark llectroencephalography and be unaccountably open . interested , ortega go into -- int . the isolation tank room ~ entrance foyer - 148 night the light be on here and in the observation room . the door to the tank room itself be close . ortega go into -= int . the observation room - night 149 he look through the one - way window into the tank room which be barely light , just enough light to make out that sinister coffin-like uncover tank . ortega shrug , start to go back into the corridor , open the corriaor door , change he mind , turn and open the door to the tank room . he be immediately knock against the wall by a hurtle , ferocious little animal , which , in he confusion , ortega take to be a dog ; at least , he mutter imprecation in Spanish as to who the hell be keep a fuck dog down here . 149 150 1 1 79 . the animal have get out the corridor door just 149 before it close . ortega yoe back out into -- int . B build corridor - night 150 what he see now about fifteen yard down the corridor be a apelike creature , cover with a fine fur , that be , however , unmistakably human . it stand upright . its eye be small and red , but not deep - sockete like a ape 's , and seem to have a human intelligence in they . the creature be no bigger than ortega 's own nine - year old son , but it be fierce - look and be make a threaten , savage , rumbling noise , curling its lip and bare its tooth which be yellow , even , and very human in appearance . ortega be get a little scared . he reach for he janitor 's broom and begin to un - screw the long handle -- ortega ( call to a col - league hopefully nearby ) hey , jameson ! hey , jameson , be you still there ? come here ! his voice echoe in the empty basement corridor . there be no response . holding the broom pole , he take a step toward the strange animal , which watch he carefully . ortega hey , jameson , in the name of God , come over here and see this ! ( brandish he pole at the creature ) es mejor que salgas de aqui ante que cometa una locura ! the creature 's face suddenly flare with rage . it raise both furred fist and scream in fury . ortega turn and bolt back up the corridor to the first corridor that debouch to the leave and lead to D Building -- int , connecting corridor to D build = night 151 ortega come tear halfway down to a door mark Security Office . behind he , he can hear enraged screech bounce off the wall . he knock on the door of the Security Office , look back up the connect - ing corridor , clutching he broomstick . the corridor be empty but still echoing . the door open , and the bulky finure of sergeant GEORGE obispo , a tall , uni - form man , appear . i5 l 152 80 . obispo 151 que pasa ? ortega ( still treathing hard , take a moment to figure out just what be the matter ) Hay un animal suelto en el edificio B . obispo que clase de animal es ? ortega ( take a moment to sort he ansver out ) '' un mono , creo . from the distant bowel of B Building , the echoing shriek of rage sound again , carome off the wall of the empty corridor . obispo ( mutter ) carajo . he go stride up the corridor , unbuckle he night - stick . ortega follow , hold nis broom pole . half - way down , they both pull up short because about twenty - five yard in front of tnem , where they corridor be eross by the B Building corridor , the strange little creature suddenly lope into view , silhouett in the diffuse yellow light . it reward the two man a moment , then burst into a shrill bark or snarl , clearly signify frustration with its situation . it move off witn startling quickness . obispo and ortega break into a trot to get to == int . B build corridor ~ night 152 they pause , look down the length of the corridor to the right . it be empty . there be a exit door at the far end . obispo ( pull out he walkie - talkie , talk as he slowly move up B corridor into the set ) Charlie , Charlie Thomas , where be you , in the librery ?... who you with ? «.- okay , listen , we get a animal loose in B Building basement , so you and mingus come over here right away . ( more ) 152 153 81 . obispo ( cont would ) 152 we will be in the north corridor that ~ go back to the nurse ! residence , so you guy come down the other way , and we will meet you at the door . we will keep he cornere , but he 's a pretty good -size ape , and I better call the animal room and see what he 's do down here . but be very careful because he look dangerous . and come in fast because I do not know how long we can hold he down here . obispo and ortega have reach -- int , NORTH corridor - night 153 empty . this area be poorly light . one of the over - head neon tube be blow . this corridor also serve as a sometime storage area . a corrugate metal door lead to the longwood Street load platform on the leave side . several huge empty cardboard carton stand against this door . the area be also a auxiliary change room for the student , and both wall be line with green and gray locker . about sixty yard down , tnere be a set of door witn wire - reinforce window in the upper halve , ortega he 's hide in there somewhere . obispo no se. ( nod at tne exit door ) you think he could have get out that way ? ortega tug at the door , which be heavy and stick . it take all of ortega 's strength to get it open . ortega he could never open this door . nevertheless , he lean into the stairwell and look up to the street level and down to the sub-basement level . behind he , sergeant obisno have put he walkie-talkie back into its case , and , hold he club , move slowly into the shadow between the enfilade of locker , poke each locker with he club . camera dolly with he , suddenly , vith a terrifying shriek , the creature leap down upon he from the top of the locker . sergeant obispo fall to the floor with a shout of terror , he club clatter on the cement -- 154 155 156 157 158 159 82 . int , the stairwell - night 154 ortega , who have go half a landing down , stop , petrify by the shrizk . he start climb back up the stair , tug open the heavy door and bolt into the -- int . the NORTH corridor - night 155 -- where he stop , stare -- across ortega to where fifteen yard down the corridor the hideous little creature be batter away at the fall scream sergeant obispo with the sergeant 's own nightstick . the creature spot ortega , whirl , and come charge at the poor man , who bolt for he life down the B Building corridor -- int , the NORTH corridor - the other side of the 156 door ~ night Security officer thomas and mingus break into a run as they hear obispot scream . Thomas be pull out he chain of key as he run , try to unlock the door . it be difficult for they to tell what be go on on the other side of the door because the wire - reinforce window deform the view . there Pov through the window -- a confuse flux of 157 shape on the floor . we hear the creature 's high - pitch scream and obispo 's bellows of pain . suddenly , the rectangular window in one of the door be fill with a savage , hairy face , make even more horrible by the deform quality of the glass . Thomas and ilingus startle back from the door . mingus 158 start pull at he gun holster . Thomas finally get the door open . the two guard fling themselves into the other side of the corridor . obispo be on he knee , a hulk black silhouette , hold he head which be bleed badly . he slowly sink unconscious to the floor . down at the juncture of the corridor , the heavy exit door be slowly wheeze shut . the creature , whatever it be , be go . ext , roxbury - cedar STREET - night 159 Three wild dog slink alon the black street of this black Boston ghetto . the house be one - family frame and old brick . the house be light , and we hear the faint sound of television . Cars be park at the curb . there be a row of shop along one side of the street . on the corner , a bar with a neon sign . 159 160 & 161 162 83. the rain have almost stop . a handful of black 159 lounge in the doorway of the bar . one of they throw a empty beer can at the dog slinking down the street . the can miss the dog , clank tinnily on the street . the dog barely notice , slink on , wet , dangerous . scruffy . they pad softly down the street past the row of store front . after they have go about thirty yard , almost disappear into the dark - ness of the night , a form slip out of one of the recess store front and go trot along after the dog . it be the creature last see clubbing sergeant obispo . ext . roxbury - another STREET - night 160 & a burn - out area . a occasional six story tenement 161 with smashed , gape black window . one side of this street have be demolisy to rubble and scree . the three dog pick and slink they way across this open expanse . some thirty yard behind they come jessup , lope along , pause to pick up a piece of jag brick . a strange , savage surreal scene in the derelict heart of the city , three wild dog and a small apelike ereature , slinking through the black , abandon street hunt for prey . ext . roxbury - blue hill STREET - franklin park zoo 162 - night on the west side of the street , the high iron fence of the Franklin Park Zoo ; on the other side of the street , a row of small apartment house . jessup stand hold - ing he club and he piece of brick . he be stand on the zoo side of the street . behind he , on the . other side of the fence , he hear the trill and croak of bird . the dog on the other side of the street be maraud some garbage can and plastic garbare bag and sniff up alley and down basement step , look for rat . there be suddenly a small , snarling flurry among the dog as they threaten each other over something they have find . it 's over in a few second . a car go by , headlight , windshield wiper whisk back and forth , and be go . the dog cone slinking across the street to the zoo side , filthy , skulking animal . jessup watch they , not move a muscle , tense , alert . they be some twenty yard to the south of he , poke about at the foot of the zoo 's fence , look for a hole . one of they suddenly wheel toward jessup , its yellow eye wide and its lin draw back , expose the tooth . the other dog snarl softly , turn they head to regard the curious little apelike figure . 162 163 through 166 84 , with a shrill shriek , jessup dash a few step at 162 the dog , brandish he stick and stone . the dog scatter , slink back , keep they distance . jessup 's shriek rouse the bird in the zoo . there be a sudden fluttering of distant wing and bird calling danger to they fellow . the lead dog , a mongrel mastiff with white marking on its brow , growl softly , pad into the street , move up on jessup 's flank . jessup watch he warily , make a threaten snarl of he own . the mongrel attack , leaping for jessup 's throat . jessup batter at the red-tongue maw of the dog 's throat . the other two dog lunge in . jessup wheel on they , shrieking with fury , smash at they with he club and piece of brick . there be a screeching of tire , and a car , headlight blaze , come wheeling around the corner , disperse the dog and interrupt the feral little battle . the car disappear up the street . a moment of silence , and then the dog come slinking back to continue the battle . but the apelike creature be go . they spot he soon enough ; he be perch , squatte on the stonework that form the top of the zoo fence , and , apelike , taunt the dog with cackling . he tire of this after a few moment and then climb down the fence on the zoo side with agility . ext . the Z00 - night 163 through jessup find himself on ground and grass . spill from 166 the street light of Blue Hill Street allow jessup to see bush and tree . it be familiar terrain ; he grunt with pleasure . he can see a low wattle fence and grass recede un - ward into blackness and silence . the zoo be asleep , hushed . there seem to be a red glow on the crest of the slope , and jessup stand stock -still , listen , for he think he have just hear the distant burr of a crane . he shuffles forward through the grass , find himself on one of the wallkway that wind through the park . he be puzzle by the hard feel beneath he foot , but he follow the path for a few moment . he see a small body of water ( the wild fowl pond ) , glisten blackly in the night . he stand , wait , sense . the air hang heavy and fetid with the smell of animal , silent with the massive sensation of sleep . he move further along , cut between tree and bush . he be suddenly in a open area , startle by the abrupt rear up of a stone building , faintly visible only by the relative lightness in color of the stone . 163 through 166 85 . he move on . he see the red glow again , off to he 163 right . he slip softly in that direction . what he through come to see be the night light of a building 166 which glow red because of the tinting of the window and the glass of the door ( the small mammal building ) . he slowly approach this long low stone pbuild , rise in a soft , red haze out of the night . he peer into the interior -- his Pov . a long empty hall bath in a soft red light that show row of cage on each side . in the cage be mouse , porcupine , slotn and shrew , curl up in ball of sleep with a occasional movement here and there as one of the small animal slither across its cage to its water trough . it be all incompre - hensible to jessup ; he be quickly bored . ext . the zoo ~ another section - night jessup make he way around large empty round cage with thick iron bar ( the great ape building ) , down macadam path line with protective iron railing . he hear the croaking burr of a crane , much closer now . he stop , freeze , wait , listen . to he leave , a large stone outcropping , barely discernible ; directly ahead , a large , round , iron -fence area ( the giraffe cage ) . on he right , suddenly , behind the fence of wooden wattle , he sense movement , and then a crowned crane move stiffly into nis vision , nearly invisible in the darkness , light sufficiently by the red reflection of the building behind it to be recog - nize by the glisten red and white spot on its face and the stiff , large , straw - color topknot of feather on its head . it stand , stare blankly out of its button eye , then turn and disappear into the darkness . jessup stand unmove , hold he club and bit of prick . he move softly to the low wooden fence and peer into the darkness try to see the crane again , but it 's go . he move on . ext , the zoo - the african plain - night jessup stand in front of what seem to be a four~foot hedgerow but which actually disguise a wooden fence that enclose this section of the park . it be almost impenetrably dark , but he can hear sound -- the sound of the East African grassland , the movement of animal , the sudden , startle flurry of veer herd . he force nis way through the bramble of the hedgerow , crawl between the horizontal pole of the fence , find himself on the edge of a shallow moat , about four foot deep and ten foot wide . now there be some spill of streetlights from the seaver Street side of the park , so that jessup can make out that he be on high ground , and a tract of savanna stretch out before he , dark and silent . 163 through 166 86 . Far down at the bottom of the slope , he can see a 163 waterhole . on he right , a slight slope of sparse through woodland and a sleep group of blesbok . he 166 grunt with pleasure . he let himself down into the moat , which be as high as he be tall . it be utterly black in here . he walk along the moat a number of yard till he find a overhange limb by which he pull himself up onto the other side . he be on a small stone outcrop . his appearance startles a herd of perhaps forty mouflon that be huddle for the night near the wooden pali - sade of they paddock . the whole herd of sheep skew madly out into the open grass . jessup stand stock still , hold he club and break bit of brick , wait for he presence to become part of this world . silence . on he leave , the waterhole , and what seem to be a single hartebeest humped forward , lap quietly at the water , jessup move silently through the wet grass , head for the end of the waterhole furthest from the harte - beest . he pause at the edge of the waterhole , try to sense the presence of predator . the hartebeest raise its head , watch he , ready to bolt . jessup get down on he knee , bend forward and begin to lap the water . after a moment , the hartebeest return to its own drink . for a moment , we watch the two animal , share the waterhole , each drink silently , warily . ext . the 200 ~ the african plain - night jessup , stand on the dark slope , watch the herd of mouflon , huddle in a sparse little grove of tree , about twenty yard off , edgy , tremble even as they sleep , a skittish few on the periphery of the flock , flick here and there like butterfly . the zoo sleep . nothing move anywhere . the air be heavy and wet . he wait . a flicker of movement in the sheep herd . a lamb lean and bound this way and that , rejoin the herd . abruptly , three sneep leap , run , whirl , flutter shadow of movement . silence . jessup wait . he hold he club and he bit of brick in one hand . in he other hand be two round stone which he suddenly pitch into the tree where the herd lie . with the first rustle of leave , the herd explode dementedly , racing , leaping , scatter . half a dozen leap and skitter wildly past jessup . he be after they with a shriek , drive they agitate mad shadow before nim , past the waterhole , straight for the moat . at the lip of the moat , all but one veer and shoot off into darkness . the one try to leap the chasm . 163 through 166 167 87 . it fall in a heap to the bottom of the moat , > 163 crippled . jessup jump into the moat and with one through stroke of he club smashes in the animal ! 's skull . 166 ext . the Z00 - the moat jessup scrape away at the sheep 's hide with he jag chip of brick , stripping a good-size piece off the sheep 's haunch . he stop , pause , look up , sense danger . he hear a low growl not too far away . he stand , pick up he kill by a leg and move softly , quickly up the wide , dark moat . he find a over - hang branch . he put the sheep carcass on the lip of the moat and haul himself up beside it . he pick up he club and brick , stand , check the ter - rain . nothing . he squat down , raise the carcass _to he face , clamp he tooth into the hot , wet , bloody flesh . he twist he head back and forth , wrenching the gobbet of flesh free , and chew at it . he look up again sense danger . the three dog , lead by the mastiff with the white mark - ing , be move up the slope from the waterhole , lump of black movement , in the black grass . they halt a few yard from he , move around , growling . jessup make a threaten noise of he own , brandish he club . they keep they distance . camera pull back just enough so that we get the image of jessup , squatting in the wet grass , eat the sheep in the night with a great , sullen satisfaction , occasionally ward off the snarling dog with a snarl of he own , a primal animal at one with he elemental world . ext . the zoo ~ 2:00 a.li. - night ~ clear - moon 167 a jeep crawl along the pathway in the night , park - ing light only . a zoo security guard on night duty . he spot some movement on the African Plains . he stop the jeep , let it idle , get out , peer over the rotterdam ( wire ) fence that enclose the area on this side . across the Guard look up the slope . there be certainly something go on . the rain be long over . the moon be out . the activity up on the slope look like three dog ravening at something . the Guard up on the slope ciimb over the fence and start up the slope , draw he revolver . the dog see he and scatter . he move on further to see what they be ravening at . it be the remein of the mouflon . the Guard look around to see if the dog be still skulking around : they be go . 167 168 169 88. the cuard 's eye be catch by a white blur in the dark 167 erass under a tree about twenty yard away . he cock he gun , move cautiously forward . it be a naked man . he continue forward . it be jessup . he be sleep . his chest rise and fall evenly . there be a beatific smile on he face . int , the franklin park precinct station squad room 168 3:30 a.m. ~ night typical batter old police station house . a cop bring jessup out of the bowel of the building , dress and carry a empty overnight bag which he hand to Emily who , with parrish , have be anxiously wait for he -~ jessup ( murmur ) see what you can do about get I out of here . emily it 's all do . mason have he car outside -- ext . the precinct station = night 169 jessup set into the front passenger seat -- jessup ( he seem vague , stunne ) I would like to stop by the medical school . I leave all my clothes in the tank room . emily ( slide into the car beside he ) let 's just get you home . it 's three - thirty in the morning . jessup I have my watch and my wallet there . my key be there . I will need they to get in the apartment . emily I have get my key . I have to stop off to get you some clothes . parrish ( slide behind the wheel ) I will go back ane get you stuff later . parrish start the motor , and they move off -- Rev. 3/6/79 89 . 170 171 int . parrish be car - £n rout - night 170 Emily steal a anxious glance at she husband , who be sit between she and parrish . he seem to be ina state of shock , distract , oddly placid , lobotomize , stare through the windshield , almost unaware of she or parrish . emily . what be you do in the tank room ? ( he do not seem to hear she ) do you remember anything at all about last night ? ee stare at she blankly . jessup ( after a moment ) I remember large fragment of what happen , but not all of it . you will have to be patient with I . he turn back to stare out the windshield again . emily . I have have mason look all over a Boston for you all night . . she let she head sink onto he chest and cry . jessup ( murmur into she hair ) it 's okay , I be alright ~- int . jessup' apartment - kitchen - night 171 Emily sit at the kitchen table , sip coffee and nibble at cookie from a pox . she look up as jessup enter , swathed in a towel - robe , patting he self dry . he make himself a cup of instant coffee . he seem in a very good mood , excited , exhilated . jessup ( affably ) I suppose get a call from the police at three o'clock in the morning to the effect you husband have be find sleep naked in the city zoo might have cause you some concern , emily yes , I think you could say that . 171 172 173 90 . jessup 171 and mason 's be write you all this time tell you I be have a nervous breakdown , and you figure I finally flip out altogether . he sit down across from she and would say something , but he begin to laugh , a full , cpen , exuberant laugh . after a moment , he wipe he eye . jessup I be sorry , Emily , forgive I . I know what a harrowing day I have cause you . I be sure you have be sit here all this time while try to figure how to get I to a psychiatrist . emily as a matter of fact , I have . jessup I do not know how you have put up with I all this year . emily I love you . he stand , cry out in exultation -- jessup oh , my God , Emily ! TI do not know how to tell you this ! I really do not ! bear with I , Emily ! the implication be staggering ! he stride off into the live room . she follow to the doorway -- int . the live room - night 172 & he be move erratically around the room with such 173 intense inner exhilaration that he arm and leg seem out of controi -= jessup ( try to keep he voice calm ) I do not remember all of it . apparently , I enter a very primitive consciousness , and all I can remember of last night be what be comprenensibie to that consciousness . ( more ) 172 & 173 gl . jessup ( cont would ) 172 I do not remember , at least not & clearly , how I get out of the tank 173 room . the first thing I remember be the dog . I remember the dog very well . ( he perches on the arm of the over - stuff chair ) on a. strictly physiological level , I suspect we achieve a observable momentum at enough nuclear location to alter the actual form . the drug probably affect the bond . he be up again , excited , move around the room in a gather frenzy of creativity . - jessup but even if we could establish a biochemical set for this , so what ? suppose we get some cell , erack they open , get some assay . okay , so we get all kind of whacked out polyribosomal profile . pantastic enzymatic activity . I be make proteinat anunbelievable pace . I mean , let 's face it ! this whole thing be biologically impossible ! we be not just talk about one cell or even a colony of cell go wild . we be talk about a massive mutation of my entire biological system , a process that take million of year to evolve reversing itself in a matter of hour if not moment ! some extraordinary transfer of energy have occur . ' we may be into some kind of exotic relativistic physics here in which consciousness snap I into some new sharp attribute . do not we have a physicist in we eircle of friend ? I would like to bounce this off a quantum guy . because , you see , Emily , what I think happen be I somenow get into a quantum state where there be no matter , only the potential of matter . it make sense , do not it . some original and universal state of energy potential . I somehow tapped inte that original consciousness of pure potential . my God , what a implacably beautiful think ! 172 & 173 92 . he stand slowly , glow , radiant . he stand 172 freeze by he vision , he eye close , stare into & eternity , he face as masklike as a ikon' . he 173 mutter : jessup it must be true . anything that beautiful must be true . ( do not even know she 's in the room any more ) he sigh as if in sexual consummation and sink back into the embrace of the soft chair . emily you still have not tell I what happen tonight . he sprawl in the soft chair , seem almost to be asleep . jessup ( murmur ) after I leave you this afternoon , I go to the isolation tank room , take two hundred milligram of the stuff , get into the tank , and at some point during the evening , I transformed my matter into some form of early human life . emily ( nervous ) what the hell do you mean you transformed you matter ? jessup I follow a pack of wild dog to the zoo . that 's how I get there . in the zoo , I hunt down , kill and eat a small sheep . I be utterly primal . I consist of nothing more than the will to survive , to live through the night , to eat , to drink , to sleep . it be the most supremely satisfy time of my life . the doorbell ring . emily that must be mason . she sit , frighten by the madness she have just hear . the doorbell ring again . Emily stand , start for the door . 172 173 174 jessup 172 I may have kill a man tonight , & or damn near kill he . I remember 173 beat somebody bloody . Emily pause at the door , sigh , then open it . parrish boom into the room , carry jessup 's cloth - ing over he arm . : parrish man ! you do not know the trouble I have get this clothes ! I have to go to the security office for they ! they want you to call they right now . there be some kind of ape in you isolation tank room tonight , do you know anything about that ? this ape almost kill a security guard . you do not bring a ape down to the tank room tonight , do you ? you watch and stuff be in the jacket pocket . ( dump the clothing on a chair , sense something be wrong ) be everything all right ? be he okay ? emily ( move to the kitchen ) if he 's okay , the rest of we be in a lot of trouble . ( pause in the doorway ) tell mason what you have be tell I . I would like to hear mason 's view on all this . jessup I think mason 's view will be predictable . ext . evily house - front porch - two day later 174 - sunday - day pleasant Sunday afternoon in April . Emily , parrish , the rosenbergs loung on the stoop and perch . sylvia rosenberg be nursing a infant . the jessup kid and the rosenberg ooy be occasionally see in b.g. parrish 's predictable view be be ex - pound by he at the moment -- parrish ( to rosenberg ) -- he wigge out , have a toxic delirium ... ( more ) Rev. 3/6/79 174 parrish ( cont would ) ... yan around the street of Boston naked and wound up sleep in the zoo . this be hardly the first instance of drug-induced delirium any of we have hear of . emily what worry I be he actually believe he hallucination . I mean , he actually think he turn into a apeman . he can not tell hallucination from reality any more . parrish as for that strange ape they find in the tank room that night , I be sure it will turn out to be some local kid who break in to steal some drug , or something like that . emily I call he yesterday morning and last night , and I speak to he this morning again . he sound absolutely fine . he 's go over to m.i.t. to brainstorm with some physicist on Wednesday . I tell he he ought to spend some time with the kid . he have not see they in a year , they have be ask for he . this have get to be the most hideous weekend I ever live . I be still not unpack . my husband have have a breakdown , and do you know the only thing I can think about right now be I have get to place the kid in a school tomorrow morning ? parrish and now he want to do it again , and he want we to watch he . emily for God 's sake , you be not go to let he do it again . rosenberg how do you plan to stop he ? listen , if you be worried about he flipping out again , we can always bring he down with a little benzodiazepine . ( more ) 94 . 174 174 175 95 . rosenberg ( cont would ) 174 but the point be there be no way we be go to talk he out of go into that tank again , he 's go to do it with we or without we , and I think it would be a hell of a lot better if it be with we . the point be unarguable . parrish ( to Emily ) whentre you go over to look at he data ? emily Thursday , while he 's with the kid . int . jessup' apartment - live room - day 175 Emily on the sofa , reach up to turn the stand lamp on . it 's still daylight outside , but the room be get dark for read . Emily be read a sheaf of papers -- the blood analysis report from the goodman lab . jessup 's notebook , x-ray and stack of audio cassettes be stack on the coffee table in front of she . there be a tape play now , as she study the goodman lab report . it be the tape of jessup 's aphasic experience -= jessup be voice ( on cassette ) -~ he 's beat I with he chunk of lava ! he 's gouging gobbet of I with he chunk of lava ! rosenberg's voice ( on cassette ) be you okay , Eddie ? jessup' voice ( on cassette ) no pain ! no pain ! I tell you , no pain ! -- we can see now that Emily be not actually read , that she entire interest have be caught by the theatri - cality of the tape -- jessup' voice he 's devour I ! ripping at my flesh ! of course ! it 's I ! it 's py primordial I devour I ! I be return to my original I ! unbelievable sensation ! ineffable ! ( more ) 175 176 96 . jessup' voice ( cont would ) 175 beatitude ! absolutely transcendental ! I be it , and it 's I ! I be the hunter now ! itm the killer ! I be kill ! I be eat ! I be eat the blood - hot flesh of a giant goat ! I be eat a goat I just kill ! I be eat a goat ! jessup 's voice break into a croak and some clicking noise , then a howl . Emily let the tape run just long enough to know there 's nothing more . she quickly rewind and play the grunt and clicking sound and howl again . she rewind again , play it back again , listen with the most intense interest -- int . a mcdonald's restaurant - night - 9:30 p.m. 176 the jessuos , a typical american family in a large dining room of typical american family . ' it 's late ; Emily and jessup be down to they coffee , and Margaret be cranky and whining and jessup have to hold she . he be talk , and Emily be fascinate -- jessup physicist see the whole tning in term of particle and energy state . you get situation in particle physics , where you have something in one state and then suddenly you will find it appear in another state . it have apparently zipped through a forbidden region between the state , what I may have do be reduce my uncertainty in energy to zero or near enough to zero so that the time available to I to tunnel through have be infinite . in b.g. , Grace , who have be roam around the restaurant , fall and cry . jessup rise and get she , talk as he do -~ jessup where I differ from the physicist be they conceive of consciousness as a particular force exerted by a particular person . I see it as a cosmic , perhaps the cosmic force . we universe exptode into be some twenty billion year ago , a fantastic explosion of hydrogen , so it all begin with a actual act of creation . what do the create ? ( more ) 176 177 97 . jessup ( cont would ) 176 that original creative force be what I call consciousness . you can call it God if you like , but there 's a difference . consciousness be not a noumenal process ; it 's phenomenological , it can be reach , tapped , manipulate . Lord know , I believe I tapped into it . : emily I think I better get the kid home . she move about get the sleepy kid jackete and stand . jessup watch she movement -~ the saucy ass , the long leg , she natural physical sensuality . jessup I would like to go home with you tonight , would that be all right with you ? she pause , turn , smile at hin . emily do you know , I think that 's exactly what you say to I the first night we meet , do you remember ? in Arthur and sylvia 's apartment back in New York ? jessup yes , and you say we would have to make do with the couch . the couch be still okay with I . emily ( slip into she own jacket ) I have finally make my peace with this divorce , Eddie . it 's be a very painful year for I , and I think it would be dumb to reintroduce sex between we . so thank you for what really have be a fascinating day . I will drop you off . int , emily's apartment - her bedroom - . night 177 Dark . Emily asleep . suddenly she sit bolt upright , propel out of she sleep by what must have be a insufferable nightmare , for the terror linger in she eye . after a moment , she lie back again , but she eye be open ; there be no sleep for she now . 177 178 179 180 181 98. she sit , swing she leg over the side of the bed , 177 just slump there in she pajamas , try to subdue she feur . she look at she watch on the bedtable , stand , go out into -- int . the hallway - night 178 -- and go down to the door of she kid ' room where she stand , watch they sleep . after a moment , she head back down the hallway and across the entrance foyer into -- int . the live room - night 179 -- where she slump into a soft chair ; but she be immediately up again wander around the dark room , distraught , until finally she go to the phone and dial -- emily ( on phone ) do I wake you ? it 's Emily ... Eddie , I be in kind of a wild panic . I need to talk to you -= ext . emily's house ~ cambridge - night 180 jessup 's Toyota pull into the driveway , and he get out , cut across the lawn to the porch , up the stoop to where Emily be wait for he with the front door open , they go into -- int . the entrance foyer - night 181 Dark , but the lamplight from the live room spill over a bit . emily I do not know how even to put this into word , but I be beginning to think that what happen to you last Friday night be not just a hallucinatory experience . I have get this gut feel something phenomenological do actually nappen , that there be some kind of genetic transformation . I do not know why I think that in defiance of all rationality , but ido . and now that I do , I be terrify , I mean , really terrify , petrify . 181 99 . jessup 181 so be i. enily ( have no sooner close the door ) I do not want you do this experiment again next week . jessup we have get to find out if it actually happen , Emily . they move to the threshold of the live room , where they pause again in the half - shadow . emily I be suggest that you put the experiment off until we understand a little more in order to minimize the risk . jessup there be no way we can understand this before the event . we can only work back from the event itself . emily you may be cause yourself irreversible genetic damage . jessup I do not think we be deal with genetics . we be beyond mass and matter here , beyond even energy . what we be back to be the first think . emily something monstrous be go to happen . jessup all we evidence indicate nothing irreversible be go to happen . none of my experience have last longer than four hour , and I have always reconstitute completely . emily I be try to tell you I love you . jessup I know that . and I be try to tell you this be a all - bet - be - off sort of thing ! ( more ) alter states - Rev. 2/9/79 100 . 181 182 183 1834 183b jessup ( cont would ) 181 we may be open a olack box that could scrap we whole picture of space- time ! we might even have a link to another universe ! for God 's sake , Emily , you be a scientist ! you must know how I feel ! and , of course , she do . emily ( sigh ) yes , I know how you feel . it 's very late , Eddie . would you like to stay here tonight ? I could do with a little love and a little reassurance right now . you will stay , will not you ? ext . emily's house - friday , april 30 ~ 7:30 p.m. - 182 rain - thunder - night a defittingly gothic night . Thunder rumble . rain lash through the street . lightn bleach the scene . Emily come out of she house , raincoate and umbrellae , brave she way to she car . int . medical school - B build - basement - night 183 Emily come in through the exit door at the end of the corridor , raincoate and shaking she umbrella out . int . corridor to the tank room - night 183a she head up the corridor to the tank room . there be considerable traffic of hospital personnel on this rainy night , all go about they individual bus - iness . Emily turn into -~ int . the observation roo .! 183b where rosenberg be stand 's beside a examine table with a attach iv stand ; rosenberg be load up the iv . on the examine table , there be a marrow tray , a biopsy tray , a prep kit , a 35 mm Nikon and a video - tape setup , camera and console . also two gooseneck stand lamp . through the window we can see parrish stand by the isolation tank talk to jessup who be strippin off he shirt . he smile at she . she respond witn a nervous smile of she own . alter states ~ Rev. 2/9/79 101 . 183b 184 rosenberg 1838 ( indicate the iv he 's load up ) if it happen , we will give hima big bolus of amytal for starter -- emily ( raw nerve , explode ) what do you mean if it happen , if it - happen ! everybody keep say if it happen . do you think some - thing 's go to happen , Arthur ? because if you do , then I think -- I be sorry , Arthur . , I be nervous as hell . rosenberg listen , so be I . she go in -- int . the tank room ~ night 184 subdued , shadow lighting . parrish be stand by the uncover tank , stare down into the water . jessup be take off he clothes . jessup ( to parrish ) if I come out of that tank ' anthropoid , I will be in a very primitive consciousness and impossible to relate to , so sedate I while I be still in the tank . otherwise , you will have to chase I around and subdue I . parrish ( mutter ) okay . 184 185 186 187 & 188 189 190 & 191 102 . jessup go into the observation room to continue 184 undress . Emily come down to examine the tank which she 's see for the first time -- parrish ( mutter ) I will tell you this , if he come out of that tank look like a ape , I be go straight over to mass hental and commit myself -- omitted 185 int , isolation tank room - observation room - night 186 -- where Emily and parrish be sit , Emily just lighting up a cigarette . rosenberg enter with brown paper bag . rosenberg anything happen ? parrish ( shake he head ) I just check he ten minute ago . parrish have apparently just come back from the local 187 deli , he be unload container of coffee and sand - & wich and danish . Emily abruptly go into -~ 183 int . the tank room - night -- where she go down to the tank , lift the hinge headpiece , look down . her Pov . from deep within the square blackness ex - pose by the open lid , jessup 's white face stare blankly out , frame , cadaverous , like a plaster cast sink into a cushion of blackness . int . medical school - B build ~ corridor - 189 several hour later - night Emily , manifestly agitate , walk aimlessly about the corridor smoking . she look at she watch , crush out the cigarette , go back into -- int , isolation tank room - observation room - night 190 & -- wnere parrish be clean up the mess of the deli , 191 gather half - eat sandwich and danish , empty container of coffee , etc. , into the brown paper bag ; rosenberg be read a mystery novel -- 190 & 191 192 through 195 103 . emily 190 ( no longer even & try to control 191 she agitation ) look , I have get nearly ten . that 's more than two hour now . be there any way we can stop this ? I tell you frankly , I be really frighten . we could be screwing around with he whole genetic structure . how do we stop this ? -- sudden hallucinatory blip - a white - orange jagged 192 flame shear diagonally across the entire length of through the screen , seem to rip the screen in half , the 195 same jagged crack that occur in jessup 's mexican hallucination . neither Emily , rosenberg nor parrish seem aware of this extraordinary invasion of they reality . parrish can you bring he down , Arthur ? rosenberg he 's go to be sore as hell . emily ( in full - fledge panic ) we never should have let he do it ! how do we let he talk we into this ! we be humoring he . but we know he 's not crazy ! and we all know deep in we heart he may be on to something that be beyond we own comprehension . because I believe he ! I want this stop ! sudden hallucinatory blip -=- suddenly , out of a sable sea , be enormous volcanic cone of rock surge up , erupting with flame and boil rock , hundred of ton of plutonic explosion , a fantastic fountain of rock and scald water rise two thousand foot into the air --- again , the other seem unaware they be be invade -~ rosenberg click on the mike -- rosenberg ( on mike ) how're we do , Eddie ? he wait for a response : there be none . emily oh , Jesus -- 192 through 195 196 through 200 104 . sudden hallucinatory image -- a explosion , a shat - 192 tering flash of brilliant whiteness fill the through screen , Emily , rosenberg and parrish be make 195 almost invisible , bleacn out . we see just enough ~ of Emily to realize she be slowly become aware of the reality of she husband 's hallucination . a high - pitch scream drone of energy . the white - ness have disappear . we be back to the reality of the observation room again , except that wave of different color pulsate and throb across the screen . neither rosenberg nor parrish seem aware of this or of the scream : but Emily be stare blindly ahead see and hearing it all . the scream abruptly stop . suddenly , over the speaker on the top shelf , we hear a rasp kind of gruiit and a series of clicking sound . Emily turn to the two man , she face draw in panic and plead -- emily ( almost scream ) please ! parrish unwind himself from he sprawle position , stand and go into - int . the tank room ~ night 196 through -- where he move to the tank and lift the head - 200 piece . across parrish look down into the tank . this time , we be look down into the sleep mask of a some ~ - what gorilla-like face , its skin a black and shine hide . there be almost no brow , the close - cropped scalp hair come down almost to the heavy simian ridge that bulge sligntly across the brow . the facial fur be finer than that find on ape and do not entirely cover the ear . the lower part of the face be prognathic , the lip extend and open , be - vealing strong yellow but very human tooth . the eye , even close , be also more human then apelike , larger and not sink into deep socket . the neck , shoulder and that part of the chest that can be see be cover with a fine , short fur . reverse reaction shot look up to parrish . his only reaction be a sigh . parrish ( to himself ) there be no way no how that this can be explain on any physical level . ( more ) 196 through 200 201 202 203 105 . parrish ( cont would ) 196 ( raise he voice , through but keep it calm ) 200 have you get you needle ready , Arthur ? he say to nail he while he be still in the tank . a moment later , the door behind parrish open and rosenberg stand frame in the brighter light behind he . rosenberg ( nervous ) what do you mean ? across parrish look down into the tank . the eye - lid of the creature be slowly open , revealing malevolent little red eye . parrish ( stare down into the tank ) goddammit , Arthur , bring you goddamn syringe over here . int . the observation room - night 201 Emily , who 1s stand at the one - way window , peer= ing into the tank room , reach over to hand rosenberg he airline bag . ‘ie hold on Emily just long enough to see tear be stream down she face , int . the tank roo : - night 202 & as rosenberg , unzipper he airline bag , come 203 quickly down to join parrisn at the tank , where he stop and just stare at the proto=human face stare out at he . rosenberg ( begin to babble ) how -- how do you define this ? I mean , there be no coherent schemata for this . we need a whole new language , holy God almighty , we need a whole new space- time picture . we ~- he abruptly stop because of a penetrate droning SOUND emanate from somewhere avout they . he and parrish both look up to face in grow terror a line of blue light move across the increasingly darken room towards then . 202 203 204 205 through 210 106 . then suddenly the blue light sweep through the tank 202 in SHOCK wave , and the four wall of the tank fly & apart , as if a nuclear blast have be detonate in - 203 side of it . both parrish and rosenberg be flung back against the wall . the water in the tank geyser up to the ceiling in a scream mushroom cloud , crashing with a clap as loud as thunder , and then flood through the room to ankle depth . infra -red wave of light sweep back and forth across the room , accumulate . in intensity to orange and yellow that seem hotter than the sun , and the whole of the tank room flare molten with heat . int . the observation roo ! i - night 204 Emily stand stunne to stupefaction , stare into the tank room . we see what she see -- where the tank have be be a pulsate Mass of 205 white substance , rise out of the thin layer of through boiling water , a enormous gouge have be rip 210 out of the front of this grotesque , unform white thing , show a section of skeletal structure . Emily scream , beside herself with terror . scream , she lunge at the door that separate she from the tank room , and scream , she wrench it open and plunge into -- int . the tank room - night -- splash ankle deep into the room to stop and ~= like rosenberg and parrish press against the far wall -- gape stupefy at what be go on in the middle of the room . the Mass of substance seem to be try to assume a form . stump of arm and lea , misshapen and mis - place , bulge out of the mess and recede back into it . the substance itself change color , begin to bubble and boil as if cook by a interior fire . it begin to scream a piercing and agonzied scream . Emily 's hysterical immobility be end by this scream . she splashes towards she husband . the room have become cosmic black , a blackness that pulse with wave of force , shuddering band of radiation . the room drone with ENERGY . the space resonate and ripples . jessup 's form , still recognizably human , seem to be catch in a pinch of ENERGY wave and temperature difference , twist and swirl around he , change he coloration from luminous white to foggy infra - red to the burning red of ultra - violet radiation to blurred chiarcscuro black and gray of the quality of x-ray . 205 through 210 211 107 . his form appear to be dissolving in shimmering 205 vibration into the pulsate wave of energy through penetraing he . suddenly , nis body swell until it 210 distend into a sphere of gas , a shocking yellow gas turn red , and , as suddenly , collapse in under the crush weight of its own gravity . his bowel erupt into flame , rekindling the maniacal carnage of color , now so phenomenally hot he be blinding white . he begin to scream again in hideous terror , sink to he knee as if he be melting , implode as if he be be suck into a black hole of he own , Emily fling herself upon this shuddering , increa - ingly shapeless anti-matter of she husband and embrace he . not fifteen second have elapse since the first explosion . in Emily 's arm , jessup 's form throbs and crack and resonate , and he scream he anguish primal shriek again . his eye stare blindly out on some existential and unspeakable horror . then , the fluctuate ex - tension of matter that still retain the barely dis - tinguishable shape of arm flow out and unfold they - selve around he wife , and they kneel together on the flood floor of the room , two terrify figure alone in the dense black spaceless drone of energy , elutching each other against the horror of human origin . abruptly , the dement throbbing hum of entropic force ston . the cosmic black recede as if it have be snatch up . Emily hold press against she the now entirely reconstitute naked form of she husband . they remain lock in they desperate embrace amid the wreckage of the tank room . fragment of the wooden tank be everywhere , the smaller piece float listlessly in the several inch of water that cover the floor . jessup be no longer scream . there be no SOUND at ali ; the silence be palpable . Emily lock down at the ashen face rest on she breast ; he be breathe but manifestly in coma . she turn she own harrow face to where rosenberg and parrish be slowly lumber to they foot , mutely ask they for help . parrish sloshes over to she . he disengasz jessup 's limp form from he wife 's embrace and carry it to the door . ext , myrtle STREET ~ jessup' house - 45 minute 211 later .- night parrish 's car pull up to the curb at the nearest park - ing spot he can find . between he and Emily , they get jessup , now clothed , out of the car so that parrish can pick he up . jessup be still in total shock . 2ll 212 212a 213 214 215 216 108 . parrish 211 bring my bag . Emily reach back into the car for parrish 's doctor 's 212 bag , lead the way up the walk . parrish follow , carry jessup . Emily open the front door . they go in -- int . jessup' house - front foyer and hallway - night 212a carry jessup , parrish follow Emily to the door of the apartment , which she unlock . they go into -- int . jessup' apartment - live room ~ bedroom - 213 night Emily flick on the live room light , then the bed - room light . parrish follow , carry jessup . he lay he down on top of the bed , open he black bag , get out he stethoscope et al , perches on the edge of the bed , take jessup 's pulse and begin to examine he . Emily go out into -- int . live room - night 214 -- which she cross to the -- int . kitchen - night 215 -- where she rummages about for the instant coffee making and then just stand there in the middle of the kitchen , daze and with tear stream down she face . int . live rcom - fifteen minute later 216 mason sprawle on the couch , sip from a mug of coffee which he rest on he stomach between sip . Emily move aimlessly arond the room ; hysteria be imminent -- parrish his sign be all good . he will probably sleep a day or two , come out of it a little stuporous . he 's get a whopping load of drug in he . it 's not uncommon for a psychedelic experience to whack you out for a couple of day . emily you would hardly call this just a psychedelic experience . she go into -- 217 218 109 . int . the bedroom - night 217 Dark . she stand look down at she husband who lie , eye close , absolutely motionless and yet somehow not asleep . she turn back to -- int . the live room - night 218 . parrish his heart 's good , he pulse be good , he pressure 's good . I be more worried about you than I be about hin . emily ( sink into the soft chair ) I be all right , mason . obviously , she 's net ; she be suddenly rack by a spasm of shudder and she double forward as if grip by cramp , she head on she knee , and she cry . parrish slowly rise , move to she , place a comforting hand on she back ; and she start to she foot like a frighten doe . emily ( ery out ) of all the goddamn man in this world , why do I have to love this one ! I can not get he out of I ! do you know how many man I try to fall in love with this past year ? but it will not work ! no matter whom I be in bed with , I have to imagine it 's he , or nothing happen ! no matter whom I be eat with or walk with , there 's always that pain because it be not he ! I be possess by he ! it 's crazy ! parrish I think that 's the way it 's suppose to be . emily he do not give a damn abovt I . parrish oh , Emily , you be the only thin , he really care about outside he work . she sit momentarily contain , but the sensation of hysteria remain imminent . 218 219 220 110 . emily 218 no , mason , he 's a truth -lover , a god-fucker . I be never real to he . nothing in the human condition be ever real to he . reality to Eddie be only that which be changeless , immutably constant . what happen to he tonight -- that be Eddie 's idea of love . that be consummation . he finally get it off with God . he finally embrace the absolute , be finally ravish by Truth . and it fuck near destroy he ! ( she 's on she foot again , yield to the hysteria ) he never love I ! you know he as well as I do ! we be all bit of transitory matter to he ! she sit abruptly on the couch , freeze , stare rigid - ly down at the floor . parrish observe she a moment . parrish you be go into shock , I be go to give you something . int . jessup house - entrance foyer and corridor - 219 several hour later - night rosenberg come down the hall to the apartment door , start to ring the bell , think better , knock . wait . after a moment , just as he 's about to knock again , the door open and parrish stand in the doorway . they murmur : rosenberg how be he ? parrish same . she 's a wreck though . rosenberg who be not ? he go into -- int . the live room -~ night 220 Emily be stretch out on the couch , rest . parrish do you get the place clean up ? rosenberg yeah . what a mess . 220 lll . emily 220 ( from the couch ) there 's sandwich stuff and coffee in the kitchen , if you want anything , Arthur . rosenberg no , I be okay . how're you do ? : emily I will be all right . I call sylvia to tell she not to worry about you . rosenberg thanks . he sit . parrish sit . they be all of they silent , '' subdued , still overwhelm by the extraordinary event of the night . all the light in the room be on , the overhead light and the two lamp , but it do little to relieve the tenebrous sensation that make the air around they dense . rosenberg ( suddenly ) look , it 's get to be say . what the three of we witness tonight be one of the most fantastic instance in the history of science . analageus perhaps to the first time somebody look through a microscope lens and discover solid matter be not solid . we reach a point tonight where physical science just break down . we be in blue sky . tonight be history , and what be we go to do - about it ? parrish I be do nothing about it . tonight scared the hell out of I , and all I want to do be go home and so to sleep and wake up and forget about the whole goddamn thing . rosenberg maybe you be right . maybe we ought to drop it till tomorrow . he stand , go into -- 221 222 lle . int . the kitchen ~ night 221 -- where he start to slap together a cheese sandwich from the bread and cheese and mayo on the kitchen table , but the suppress excitement within he take over , and he drop the sandwich and come back into -- int . the live room - night 222 rosenberg ( get increasingly excited ) that tank just blow up . whatever happen inside that tank release a hell of a lot of energy . parrish ( flaring ) for God 's sake ! let 's drop the goddamn thing ! I do not want to talk about it ! rosenberg ( flaring in return ) I can not help it ! you may want to go to sleep , but the way I feel right now I do not expect to go to sleep for a year ! I be on fuck fire ! I be in there mop up that goddamn tank rooia , and I have get to know why ! do you believe in supernatural agency , mason ? parrish no ! rosenberg ( shouting ) then what we see tonight be a physical phenomenon , a inexplicable physical phenomenon , and , if it 's phenomenological , it 's get to be explicable , and I have get to know why ! let I talk , for chrissake ! I have be in there mop up that tank room for three hour , and I want to tell you what I would like to do . parrish Arthur , I have have all I can take tonight ! just leave I alone ! rosenberg we have get to repeat this ! we have get to repeat this with other human subject ! ( more ) 222 223 113. rosenberg ( cont would ) 222 we need a selective sample ! we will put up a notice for volunteer in the Student Union , something like that , get five or six subject , and just go back to square one with they , step up the dose of the drug ina graduate fasnion , check they against Eddie 's value ! I will bet you we could even get a grant ! we will give they some kind of bullshit about check this drug for renal clearance , some shit like that ! parrish ( bellow ) God almignty ! this be Arthur rosenberg talk , right ! the conscience of the scientific community ! the guy with all the petition against genetic engineering and protest against nuclear power ! the big , moral , science ~ for - the-people man ! and here he 's be , ready to test a untest drug on innocent human being ! emily ( stand , cry out ) please stop shouting ! the other subside grumpily . she move across the room into -- int . the bedroom ~ night 223 -- to see if all the yell have have any effect on jessup . apparently not , he lie as motionlessly as he have before . she close the door , the room darken . she move silently around the bed to the window , raise the shade and look out into the sleep dark backyard of the house on the next street . after a moment , she turn to look at she husband . across Emily to jessup on the bed . he have turn he head on the gray -shadow pillow , he eye be open , and he be look at she . for a moment , she be immobilize by the fact he be awake ; they just look at each other . then she kneel cn both knee by the bed and examine he long , ashen face . emily ( murmur ) how be you ? 223 224 225 226 through 228 1214 . jessup 223 ( barely whisper ) wipe out . emily would you like to go back to sleep ? jessup yes. emily would you mind if mason have a quick look at you ? jessup ( can barely whisper ) good idea . his eye close . she get to she foot , gently touch he face , start for the door to parrish . she open it . int . live room - doorway 224 emily ( to the other in the live room ) he 's awake . maybe you ought to have a look at he , mason . int . the bedroom - several hour later - 6:00 a.m. - 225 day the shade on the window be still up , and the first gray passionless light of day filter into the room . on the bed , jessup awaken ; he eye open , and he lie there let the sanity of daylight enter into he . the door to the live room be open , but the apartment be utterly still , the stiliness of sleep . he sit up slowly , move he leg over the side of the bed and stand . he seem okay . he be barefoot , wear the T-shirt and jeans he have sleep in . he move to the door to the live room -- across jessup from the doorway , look into the 226 live room . rosenberg and parrish be obviously through go . his wife lie sleep on the couch , one 223 long white leg protrude from under a twist of blanket which be half on the floor along with a small puddle of she clothing , she blouse , jeans and sneaker . the blind be draw and she seem very white in the still darkness . her face be draw in pain . her sleep be clearly not a pleasant one . 226 through 228 229 230 through 247 115 . reaction shot on jessup , fill with solicitude for 226 she . there be even a tear on he face . he wipe it through away . 228 he move to the stuff chair just to he right on the wall opposite she and sink down into it and watch she . she turn in she sleep , and what little part of the blanket that have cover she slip down onto the floor . she curl up into herself , feel the sudden chill of she nakedness , even in she sleep . he get up , cross the room , pick up the blanket and cover she again , and , then , lift she head , squeeze onto the couch under she , take she into he arm , warming she with himself . she shudder and , still desperately asleep , she begin to whimper and cry , and , sleep still , she suddenly clutches at he out of the terror of she . own nightmare , fevere by some frighten sensuality , make awkward , strangulate cry and arching panic - stricken up within he embrace , she cheek streak with tear , she eye clench close , until she be suck at he mouth with the rapacity of a vampire . he lock she in he arm . quickly , the moment be over . her head sink back onto he chest and then back : down to he lap again , instantly , innocently asleep . int . the kitchen - two hour later - day 229 jessup in the kitchen , sit at the table , leg cross , eat a sandwich , sip coffee . he be in the depth of think . he do not even know he 's eat . the sun be higher and brighter now and break through the slat of the blind on the window . the phone ring in the live room . it take a moment for the sound to penetrate jessup 's brown study . it ring again . he start from he seat , move to the live room door but -~- int . the live room - day 230 through -- Emily be already sit up on the couch . she 247 smile briefly at he , sigh -- emily oh , God , I hope it be not the kid -- she stand , cross the room , gracile , shamelessly naked except for she almost indiscernible panty , pick up the phone , end its third ring , perches on the arm of the chair . 116 . 230 emily 230 through ( on phone ; through 247 listen ) 247 everything 's fine , Arthur . he 's fine . ( to jessup ) it 's Arthur . be you fine ? jessup nod , go back into the kitchen . emily ( on phone ) I be sleep ... no , I do not know if he 's eat anything ... she look up as jessup return from the kitchen , bring - ing she a mug of coffee . she nod she thank you -- emily ( to jessup ) Arthur , the indestructible jewish mother , want to know have you eat anything . jessup yes. emily ( on phone ) Arthur , I will call you back when I be more awake . everything 's fine . she return the phone to its cradle , note the sun fragment itself through the slit of the blind . emily God , what time be it ? I should call the kid . Eddie , could you throw that blanket over here ? I be freezing . jessup I can not tell you how much you mean to I , how much I need you and the kid . I just want you to know that . emily why do not you just come back to we ? jessup it 's too late . he pick up the fall blanket , bring it to she , drape it across she and the chair . she try to read he shadow face as he bend over she . 230 through 247 117 . jessup 230 I think it 's too late . I do not through think I can get out of it any more . 247 the silence hang between they ; she do not quite know what he mean . jessup I have commit myself to it . I do not think there 's any way out . he tuck the blanket around she and return to he dark corner of the couch . the widen shaft of slatted sunlight divide they . she look down at she coffee mug . jessup the point be what happen last night be more of a religious experience than a scientific one . emily yes , I know . jessup you save I . you redeeme I from the pit . I be in it , Emily ! I be in that ultimate moment of terror tnat be the beginning of life ! I find the final truth ! I find it , touch it , eat of its flesh , drank its blood ! I have see it face to face , and it be hideous ! it be insufferable ! the pain can not be describe ! it be nothing , simple , hideous nothing ! the final truth of all thing be that there be no final truth ! Truth be what 's transitory ! it 's human life that be real ! he emerge out of the cucullate shadow in the far corner of he couch to stand in the band of dust - mote white light streaking across the floor from the slatted window . jessup I do not want to frighten you , Emily , but what I be try to tell you be that that moment of terror be a real and live horror live and grow within I now , eat of my flesh , drink of my blood . it 's real because I have make it real . it 's alive . it 's in I . it be I . and the only thing that keep it from devour I be you . 230 through 247 118. emily 230 I think you be try to tell I through you love I . 247 jessup I be try to tell you why I love you , that without you I would have disappear into unspeakable terror . she stand , pull the blanket around she . emily I suppose that 's why anybody love anyone . jessup for God 's sake , Emily , do not be so facile . emily I be not be facile ! my God , do you think you be the only one who have experience despair ? the only one who have feel the utter nothingness of life ? we be all creature of despair , Eddie ! life for all of we be a flight from the unspeakable terror ! life be a act of faith for all of we ! that 's why we love each other ! it 's the only act of faith most of we be capable of ! at least , it 's the only act of faith I be capable of ! jessup I can not live with it , Emily . the pain be unbearable . emily we all live with it . that unspeakable doubt be what make we such singular creature . we hide from it , we flee from it , we succumb to it , mostly we defy it ! we build fragile little structure to keep it out . we love , we raise family , we work , we make friend . we write poem , we paint picture , we build beautiful thing . we make we own universe , we own truth , we believe in we own reality . and every now and tnen , someone like you come along who go out and challenge it face to face . passionate man . ( more ) 230 through 247 119 . emily ( cont would ) 230 poet , philosopher , saint and through scientist . what the hell do you 247 think make I love you so much ? jessup you do not understand . they stare at each other . he be openly cry , he face glisten with tear . jessup it 's too late , you see . he slowly raise he right arm and extend it for she to see . the vivid sunlight bleach it , make it look sepulchrally white . a bulge of protoplasmic substance be move slowly up he arm under the skin like a mole . she stare , stunne . we hear a hum , a resonate drine , the throbbing SOUND of the pulsing primal energy force we have hear in the tank room the night before . emily ( scream ) defy it , Eddie ! you make it real ! you can make it unreal ! if you love I , Eddie , defy it ! he stand immobilize , cry helplessly . his body begin to rumble , crack and buckle as if force inside it be about to break through tne surface . he begin to rapidly change form , some recognizable , some merely monstrous . he seem to have no more substance than a photograph , a project illusion , a dement kaleidoscope of instant , transitory , transparent image , flacker madly in the wide shaft of sunlight . the hideous drone have become insufferably penetrate . she clutches she ear . she see a quick fleeting image of she husband reach out he arm to she for help , dut she be petrify , utterly immobilize . his arm turn into stump . she finally force out a hiss sibilant SOUND -- emily ( barely a whisper ) if you . love I , Eddie ! she be suddenly convulse herself , clutching at she stomach as some great pain explode with she . the blanket fall from she shoulder to the floor at she foot . her arm begin to bulge and swell and discolor . a jag crack appear on she forearm and shoot up the length of she arm as if it be split open . she slowly force she arm up as if to show it to she husband . it be now a stump , and even that stump be lose its definition as the line that define it be - come wave - like and seem to melt into the shriek air . 230 through 247 120 . she feel a massive shock just inside she skull above 230 she eye . a red -hot flame erupt from she bowel . through she seem to be burn alive . her eye disappear . 247 she would scream except she mouth have disappear as well . the screen have become total , impenecrable blackness . then , out of the blackness , we hear a distant echo of a scream , lightyear away in the ultimate blackness . it grow louder . it be no longer a scream ; it be now rather a roar of rage , the fury of a raging animal . Light begin to penetrate the total blackness . form begin to take shape . we begin to recognize jessup 's human form , flicker in and out of the madness of all he other shape , reassert itself . the blackness be all go now . ' we be back in the live room of jessup 's flat . he be stand , a completely human form again , naked , as immobile , enmarble as a statue , stark white . he be stare at he wife , who be disintegrate into the shapeless anti-matter that have be he condition the night before . with a shocking wrench of effort , he take a step toward she , force humanness into himself . one step , two -~ he reach out to embrace the shapless - ness of he wife . it be instantly , abruptly over . the drine , the lunacy of illusion , the whole shatter moment be do . what we see , stand in the sunlight in the middle of they live room be a young marry couple -- a slight , light - haire man of thirty - seven , beginning to bald just a bit but look boyish at the moment in he jeans and T-shirt ; and a slim , gracefully naked young woman , she face press against she husband , she arm wrap around he waist , a pair of young live human , stand embrace in the white sunlight of they live room . jessup ( after a moment ) I love you , Emily . roll credit the end