alter carbon episode # 101 " out of the past " written by laeta kalogridis base on the novel by Richard K. Morgan interim draft - 07.08 . 16 '' 2016 skydance production , LLC all rights reserved no portion of this script may be perform , or reproduce by any mean , or quote , or publish in any medium without prior write consent of skydance production , LLC . * 1661 lincoln Blvd. floor 4 * Santa monica , CA 90404 * fade in : int . happy face motel - another planet - flashback - night a shower run in a run-down motel bathroom . wall cover with peel wallpaper ; floor crack and stain . neon light flash through the window . the shower door be semi-opaque , bright gelatin color move like a oil slick over the glass . through the glass , a silhouette of a man and woman , nude shower . hand rove , wash each other under the spray . 0.g. kovac ( v.0 . ) the first thing she teach we , be that nothing be what it seem . inside the shower -- the man and woman be actually wash blood off each other 's body . they movement be business - like , fast , not remotely sexual . as blood swirl down the shower drain , revealing they bare skin , we see this two be not wounded -- they be splatter with someone else 's blood . a lot of other people 's blood . on the shower floor -- a haphazard pile of SMALL metal disc . each disc about the size of a cervical vertebrae , and roughly the same shape ; thick in the center , taper on the edge . smear with blood and fleck of bone . the disc be cortical datastack , simply call stack . the man -- call he original ( 0.g. ) kovac -- detach the showerhead , start rinsing the stack . he 's asian ancestry , strong and lean , a body build for fight . the woman , sarah , watch -- sarah ( be : the stack ) who do you think they be ? 0.g. kovac who care ? they be triad . wortha fortune . get the bone fleck out of the drain , will you ? sarah have you always be such a dick ? 0.g. kovac every sleeve , every time . ( continued ) 1 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 2 . continued : Sarah shove he up against the shower wall . she grab he arm , roughly -- we see the tattoo on he forearm : a snake devour its own tail , the mythical ouroboros . plain black ink , beautiful detail but monochromatic . sarah do not worry . you get nothing to give . neither do I . they start have sex . there 's no tenderness between they -- like watch buddy wrestle to let off steam . recreational , not emotional . 0.g. kovac ( v.0 . ) it happen every time , no matter who I be with ... on 0.g. kovac , as he close he eye -- 0.g. kovac ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I close my eye , and all I could see be she . flash to -- Pov 0.g. kovac : look down at a different woman' face . soon , we will know who this be : quell . beautiful , in a wild , fierce way . she smile up as they make love -- back to -- sarah and 0.g. kovac , he eye shut , almost desperate . the neon light wash over they coupling body . angle on the stack , glitter like lose treasure , pile on the crack shower floor . blood swirl off they , down the drain . int . happy face motel - bathroom - later a floor- to-ceil 3-d mirror take up one wall . 0.g. kovac wipe steam from its surface -- he reflection snap into focus , a hologram emerge toward he from the glass . 0.g. kovac ( v.0 . ) but she have be dead a long time . Pov 0.g. kovac : stare at himself in the mirror . a pile of he clothes on the counter next to he . atop the clothes , a thin blue strand knotted on itself , strung with what look like teal - and - white carve bead ( this be a songspire bud branch , thin and flexible as the strand of a weep willow ) . 0.g. kovac still stare at himself , like he 's look at a stranger -- ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 3 . continued : flash to -- quell 's face , look at he calmly on a screen , she face sad but iron- jaw determine . vague impression from the background that she 's in some kind of shuttle -- quell ( almost a whisper , tender ) tak ... -- then suddenly she face be consumed with explode fire before she even have time to feel it , much less scream -- back to -- 0.g. kovac , see he 's now hold the songspire strand in one hand , finger move over the bud in a unconscious pattern . eye glaze , unfocus . he look away from the mirror , dig almost frantically in he clothes for a vial of pill . different shape and size . downs a handful in a gulp . shake out a cigarette and thumb it , self - lighting tip glow . smoke wind around he as he lean against the wall , head tilt back , try to chase the nightmare out of he head . rack focus to the songspire strand , sit on the counter , smoke drift down over it . int . happy face motel - bedroom - night 0.g. kovac and Sarah sleep , back turn to each other in the bed with garish , glitter sheet . the rest of the room as gritty as the bathroom -- a kitchenette with a fridge , stove , ratty cabinet . outside the window , two moons visible in the sky . 0.s. a faint metal clack -- 0.g. kovac ' eye snap open . Wide , unfocus . listen -- Pov 0.g. kovac envoy - vision : building a image in he head base on the tiny sound he 's hearing -- int . hallway outside motel room - envoy combat -vision vfx : click sketch into rifle ; rustling movement expand to show shocktrooper in the hallway , every shift of a boot or a hand expand to show how many people be there -- int . happy face motel - bedroom - continuous 0.g. kovac wake Sarah , a whisper in she ear , calm but this be some serious shit -- 0.g. kovac sia shocktrooper , 12 , fully armed . lethal load . ( continued ) 5 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 4 . continued : sarah you can not know something like that -- 0.g. kovac get dress . now . Sarah hesitates -- then swiftly pull on pants and shirt head for the kitchenette . 0.g. kovac cock he head , hearing a series of tiny click -- 0.g. kovac ( cont 'd ) semtex - 29 arc flare breacher . two second or less . sarah Jesus Christ , who be you -- kerrblooommmm !!! the entire wall of the motel room explode inward like thunder -- man' voice ( booming ) takeshi kovac ! through the swirl fog of dust and debris -- shocktrooper appear , full armor , insectile - eye helmet snub-nose kalashnikov 2000 's ( a evolution of the AK - 47 ) . sarah throws he two gun , dive for the other weapon -- 0.g. kovac catch the pistol in midair , whirl as -- lead trooper ( voice amplify by helmet ) you be under arrest -- blamblamblam !!! Sarah and 0.g. kovac both OPEN FIRE at the same instant , diving for cover in opposite direction . the shocktrooper storm in , AK - 2000 's blaze fire , shredd the wall , the furniture , turn the room into a kill zone -- on 0.g. kovac as he leap , twist , jump , fire the whole time -- Pov 0.g kovac as he fight -- vfx envoy - vision , which give he a fast , violent sketch of each trooper 's movement a instant before it happen , he opponent 's blow as phantom limb make of spiderweb - like material , a split - second " precognition " of every shot , every blow , every move . kovac be fast , brutal , every blow landing with laser precision , every advantage take , no matter how cruel . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 5 . continued : ( 2 ) Street fight meet commando skill with no mercy and no quarter . in the kitchenette -- sarah be pin behind the overturn refrigerator , gunfire thunder around she -- she glance over at -- the kitchen table -- the rest of the weapon still atop it . she take a deep breath , kick out , foot smash into a table - leg -- the weapon go flying , include a grenade -- blamblamblam ! the trooper fire at the movement , table explode into hunk of melting plastic , she scramble back -- at the same time neatly catch the grenade as it fall . Sarah rip the pin with she tooth , lobs the grenade -- lead trooper ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) get down -- ! kerrcrackkk ! the grenade explode in a halo of searing light that blast over the room at head - height -- the lead trooper be already flat on the floor , but -- the rest of the troopers be catch as the blast wave engulf they helmet , clanging like a crackle web of fire . the trooper stagger , claw as the helmet spark and smoke , scream , collapse -- 0.g. kovac sweep up a fall kalashnikov , but -- the lead trooper launch himself from the floor , slam into kovac , they both go hurtling -- into the bathroom -- where they crash into the mirrore wall . it shatter , glass and circuitry spilling in a bright silver rain everywhere -- angle on sarah as she roll from behind the fridge , come up in a crouch , shard pistol train on the lead trooper -- blamblamblam !!! sarah fly sideways , riddled with bullet -- more troopers storm through the gape hole in the wall . 0.g. kovac hesitates , distract by Sarah 's fall body -- -- and the lead trooper shoot he high in the leg , attack fast and brutal , bring 0.g. kovac to the floor . ( continued ) 5 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 6 . continued : ( 3 ) lead trooper ( cont 'd ) you be charge with treason against the protectorate , and work for the terrorist quellcrist falconer . kovac spit blood . defiant . 0.g. kovac I do not work " for " she . it be more like a autonomous collective . the lead trooper kick he in the leg again , savagely . 0.g. kovac bite back a scream of agony . the lead trooper take off he helmet so we can see he face . he jerk 0.g. kovac ' face down from behind so he neck be expose . a thin pink scar at the base of 0.g. kovac ' skull . put he gun to it -- 0.g. kovac ( cont 'd ) ( snarling ) go ahead , fuck do it -- the lead trooper jerk 0.g. kovac ' head up by the hair . frustrate . lead trooper ( through gritt tooth ) I get order not to make you into a martyr . the trooper drag Sarah 's body up to the lead trooper lead trooper ( cont 'd ) but they do not say anything about this bitch . 0.g. kovac she 's nobody , a local merc , she do not even know who I be . leave she alone . the lead trooper shove she limp head forward , expose the same spot on the back of the neck that we see on 0.g. kovac , same hairline scar . lead trooper sleeve 's fragge , but stack 's ok she could live . 0.g. kovac I say , leave she alone -- the trooper snap he gun against the base of she skull -- ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 7 . continued : ( 4 ) blamm ! he shoot she at the base of the skull -- strangely , there 's a bright sparking flash of metal hit metal . 0.g. kovac ( cont 'd ) you have to go and be a dick 0.g. kovac lurch to he foot , ignore he leg wound . lead trooper ( sharply ) stay down , kovac . but 0.g. kovac keep come -- something about what the trooper do to Sarah have enraged he beyond all reason . 0.g. kovac ( a growl ) fuck you . the trooper fire -- the muzzle flash -- 0.g. kovac look down at the clean hole cauterize in he chest , the edge of he heart visible , blood pump down he chest -- -- and 0.g. kovac reach into he chest , hold he heart with he own hand to stop the bleed . 0.g. kovac look up , eye blaze , fix on the trooper . lead trooper ( suddenly scared ) I say fuck stay down -- ! with a roar , 0.g. kovac launch himself like a wild animal -- all_the troopers open fire on he , a barrage that send 0.g. kovac hurtling back through the air -- int . happy face motel - bathroom - continuous -- to crash into the splinter mirror in the bathroom . 0.g. kovac lie bleed and break against the sparkling wall ... blood on the mirror shard on the floor . Pov 0.g. kovac , lie on the floor , see shocktrooper boot stride toward he -- a boot crush the songspire strand to blue dust without notice . 0.g. kovac weakly turn he head toward the shattered mirror -- -- and the last thing he see be the broken reflection of he own face , splinter image stare back at he -- smash to black . ( continued ) 6 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 8 . continued : fade up on : a man' face . eye shut . feature unnaturally distorted -- like we be look at he underwater . 0.g. kovac ( v.0 . ) come back from the dead be a bitch . the man 's eye suddenly SNAP OPEN . go wider , reveal -- int . psychasec alcatraz resleeving facility - day -- he 's inside a thick transparent plastic sac fill with a gel-like liquid . a cheap , " disposable package " feel to the sac , which be lie on a batter slab . 0.g. kovac ( v.0 . ) every fuck time . we're in a municipal facility build inside the shell of the former alcatraz prison -- give we the instant sense that kovac be a prisoner here . medtech 1 and a trainee approach the plastic sac , trainee bring up a wheelchair medtech 1 they can barely walk at first , you will have to pull he out of the nutrisac and lift he into the chair trainee do I at least get glove or something ? I be gonna get that shit all over I . medtech 1 you will get use to it . just decant he . we have get four more to do in the next hour . the trainee pull a red tab on the side of the sac , rip it open along a pre-make seam -- the gel spill out in thick mucilaginous blob as the trainee grimace , reach to grab the man by the shoulder -- -- and the man suddenly thrashes violently , fight the fluid , tear away the rest of the plastic and heave himself off the slab , crash to the floor , vomit gel then take in a huge gulp of air . trainee what the fuck -- be that normal ? ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7-8-16 continued : medtech 1 do not panic . sometimes they flop around like fish , usually mean they last sleeve die violently . just get he in the chair . the man claw at he chest , gasp in pain -- flash to -- 0.g. kovac be shot in the chest -- back to -- the man gasp , relive the shot to the chest -- yet he 's not 0.g. kovac . what the hell ... ? trainee ( freak , back away ) you get he in the chair 0.g. kovac ( v.0 . ) you come off slab like something be bear , helpless and disorient .. meet the new takeshi kovac : nude and slick , we can see he 's handsome , face rugge and weathered , body chisele with the unmistakable physique that come only from combat . medtech 1 come to he side , roughly take he arm -- medtech 1 all right buddy , enough of that -- 0.g. kovac ( v.0 . ) unless you be one of we . kovac react , blind speed , jerk the medtech 's arm down hard , kick out to send he crash into the slab -- blood seeping through he hand as he clutches he nose -- medtech 1 ( muffle , in pain ) shit ! trainee help ! we need help -- 2 more medtech come run -- medtech 1 he break my goddamn nose ! Fucking rerun go mental on I -- ( continued ) 9 . alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 10 . continued : ( 2 ) medtech 2 ( to kovac ) we be go to have to sedate you if you do not stop , you hear I ? medtech 1 I be fuck bleed here ! medtech 2 will you shut up ? kovac be in a loose crouch , eye blaze , light on he foot as he look from medtech 2 to medtech 3 , size they up -- medtech 2 swing out a telescoping baton , start toward kovac -- medtech 2 ( cont 'd ) listen asshole , I say calm down -- medtech 3 be sweeping through the holofile record -- medtech 3 ( realize ) he be freight in from U.N. supermax holding on epsilon 5 . ( suddenly frighten ) who the fuck be this quy ? kovac sweep out a kick , catch medtech 2 , who go down -- kovac slam a arm over he throat , choking he . kovac ( rasp , hoarse ) how long have I be down ? other medtech rush in with what look like cattle prods , the end sparking with current , ready to put he down -- they stop at the sight of kovac with he arm over medtech 2 . kovac ( cont 'd ) I will snap he spine with my bare fuck hand before you can take I down . now look in the goddamn file and tell I how fuck long have I be down ? the medtech look hesitantly at each other , unsure -- trainee ( blurt out ) five hundred year . kovac get I a mirror . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 11 . continued : ( 3 ) medtech 3 ( glare at the trainee ) you need time to adjust to the new sleeve , too fast and you risk schism or even a psychotic break -- medtech 1 ( overlap ) he 's already fuck psychotic ! medtech 2 ( choke ) garggh -- let -- breathe -- kovac look through matte , wet hair , burn eye fix straight on the trainee , at the same time bear down harder on medtech 2 , who be start to turn red , eye bulging -- kovac get. me. a _mirror . the trainee scramble over to a fall instrument table , grab up a small mirror , hurry back -- -- and kovac snatch the mirror , shove medtech 2 away , who crab-scuttle back , choke and gasp for air angle on kovac as he raise the mirror -- 0.g. kovac ( v.0 . ) rapid sleeve acclimation . another thing she teach we . kovac ' Pov : a different face than he own look back at he from the mirror -- -- the face of 0.g. kovac stare back at he . the medtech and trainee stare uneasily at kovac , apparently wait for some kind of collapse or outburst . he just keep he eye fix on the mirror , stare ... and then it happen . in the mirror : a flicker of something in the glass , rush up behind the 0.g. kovac ' reflection like a oncoming train -- 0.g. kovac ( cont 'd ) whatever body you be wear -- on kovac , stare in the mirror at " 0.g. kovac ' " reflection see he " new " face move up fast behind it . sfx 0.g. kovac ' voice become two voice , both 0.g. kovac and the new kovac -- ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 12 . continued : ( 4 ) 0.g. kovac & kovac ( v.0 . ) ( voice in perfect sync ) -- you shed it like a snake shed its skin -- he new face slam into 0.g. kovac ' face from behind , the feature distorting and rippling as they reform -- -- and it hit he like the force of a blow , as the face in the mirror change into the new kovac . now both the reflection and the voice be only new kovac ( we main actor ) -- the visual and vocal transformation be simultaneous . kovac ( v.0 . ) -- and you new sleeve become who you be . kovac take a single staggered step back , like he 's be gut - punch -- then straighten . Fine . control and calm . he look around -- he 's now surround by medtech , bristle with they taser - pole . they be nervous , sweat . scare . kovac look to the trainee -- kovac ( cont 'd ) thanks for the mirror . they start toward he , medtech 1 motion hastily to stop -- medtech 1 no , leave he , we be not suppose to damage he -- medtech 2 damage he ? medtech 2 stagger to he foot . medtech 2 ( cont 'd ) you almost fuck kill I , man ! kovac you be lucky I be in a good mood . I hate be shot . mo tech 3 ( shocked , disbely ) most people would embolize if they try to transition that fast . kovac do not sound so disappointed . where be I ? ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 13 . continued : ( 5 ) medtech 2 Bay City . alcatraz prison . kovac what planet , genius ? medtech 3 Earth . ( a little disdain ) the most civilized of all world capitol of the free world protectorate . kovac lucky I . kovac take a step -- they all fall back , look scared . kovac ( cont 'd ) relax . which way 's the shower ? int . alcatraz - shower - day kovac shower , steam rise around he . movement precise , efficient as he rinse clean . more nude people stumble in -- unlike kovac , they move like clumsy toddler as they try to wash off the tank gel . most be older , or junkie-thin , strangely unhealthy look . prelap a woman' voice , warm and professionally reassure -- orientation woman ( prelapped ) welcome to alcatraz , and congratulation on finish you prison sentence ! kovac look down at he body : a web of scar radiate over he hand . he flexe , turn he arm , follow scar that snake up he shoulder . more scar on he back , he chest -- orientation woman ( prelapped ) ( cont 'd ) you may notice that you be not in the same body you arrive in . int . alcatraz - recovery room - day a orientation woman stand on a dais in the middle of a shabby recovery room . more patient sit . she 's officious , cheery , annoying . do not make eye contact with anyone . orientation woman for maximum profit and efficiency , alcatraz prison be own and run by ( more ) ( continued ) 9 10 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 14 . continued : orientation woman ( cont 'd ) psychasec galactic Corp . now that you have pay you debt to society , you have be resleeve in whatever body this facility have on hand . kovac sit in the back , he black clothing well - cut expensive but functional . orientation woman ( cont 'd ) you may feel confuse or strange . a young woman stare catatonically at a tress of she unfamiliar , blond hair . next to she a man pinch at the skin of he arm as if check to see if it 's real . orientation woman ( cont 'd ) disorientation and even low - grade amnesia be normal ... push in on kovac as the orientation woman 's voice fade , and quell 's voice rise -- quell ( v.o . ) it all begin when we discover elder civilization ruin , hide on every world . int . guerrilla hideout - day - flashback a chamber deep in the alien ruin . rag - tag envoy recruit listen with rapt attention to quell -- the woman that kovac remember make love to . quell a extinct civilization that leave a wealth of technology -- include the alloy we use to make this . she slap a cortical stack down on the table in front of she ( the same type of disc we see in the shower in the open ) quell ( cont 'd ) the cortical stack . you own personal hard drive of the soul . among the recruit , find 0.g. kovac ( young than in the open , with the ouroboro tattoo on he forearm ) . also vidaura , gomez , and jimmy desoto , who we will come to know . all young and desperate . next to 0.g. kovac be a beautiful asian woman , deceptively delicate - look -- kovac ' older sister , reileen ( continued ) 10 11 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 15 . continued : quell ( cont 'd ) human consciousness become software . body become sleeve . I should know . I invent stack . intercut with present day -- orientation woman at alcatraz : the orientation woman hold out a hand , and a cortical stack rezze into existence , float right above she palm . orientation woman Inside the stack be the pure human mind , code and store as dhf -- digital human freight . the orientation woman flicker like a bad tv signal -- then re-rezze into existence , now with she back to we . her head become transparent , show the spine and skeleton inside -- and the stack rise from she hand as she rotate , slotting into a vertebra at the base of she skull . the same place the trooper shot Sarah . orientation woman ( cont 'd ) you consciousness can be download into any stack , in any sleeve . she flicker out of existence , then re-rezze face the room again . smiling blandly . orientation woman ( cont 'd ) you can even needlecast in minute to a sleeve anywhere in the known world . int . guerrilla hideout - day - flashback reileen look to quell , accuse , angry -- reileen so the rise of the protectorate be you fault ? quell I think I be give humanity a way to travel instantly between the star , reileen instead you be building the road for the Roman Empire . why the fuck should we listen to a word you say ? ( continued ) 11 12 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 16 . continued : 0.g. kovac ( hand on she arm ) rei -- quell no , she 's right . what 's you name , recruit ? reileen reileen kawahara . this be my brother , takeshi kovac . 0.g. kovac we be from harlan 's World . what 's leave of it . quell look over the recruit . quell we be the transitional generation . the first to have stack . the protectorate promise we immortality , but deliver total control , ruthless and merciless . and worse be come . ( answer reileen 's question ) you should listen to I because I can teach you how to fight back . int . alcatraz - recovery room - day as she speak , kovac tense , sense without look -- four huge orderlies have come up behind he . orientation woman a sleeve be replaceable -- but if you stack be destroy , you die . there 's no come back from Real death . a officious suite man join the orderly . silhouett in the darken room . director sullivan I be director Sullivan . I do not want to know you name . let 's go . kovac ( be : orientation woman ) shh , she 's just get to the good part . the director nod to the orderly , who step up around kovac . ( continued ) 12 13 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 17 . continued : director sullivan now . kovac look at the hulk orderly -- shrug , get up to go with the director . as they exit the darken room -- orientation woman ( chirpily , smile ) so avoid blunt force trauma to the base of the brain , or energy weapon fire at you head . we recommend you do not drive heavy machinery or make any life - alter decision in the next few day . congratulation on the new you ! int . alcatraz - corridor - day director Sullivan walk with kovac through the corridor past repurpose cell block , the bar door hang open , unused . the director open a holoscreen in front of they as they continue to walk . director sullivan this be you parole document . certify that you dhf have be sleeve in a body equip with military - grade neurachem , combat muscle memory , and fitte with a oni . kovac oni ? that sound like sushi . director sullivan ocular neural interface . he hand kovac a wristband with a thin , matte black rectangle , a single blue dot glow in the middle . director sullivan ( cont 'd ) here 's the remote hub . thumbprint - key . curious , kovac slip the wristband on , thumb the blue dot -- and one of he eye reflect , a glimmer circle around the edge of the retina . Pov kovac as he see a range of option around the edge of he vision -- like a smartphone directly in he eye . the hub glow with a simple , elegant interface . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 -16 18 . 13 continued : kovac contact lens hud . Fancy . director sullivan that be the specs we be give by you lease-holder . bancroft industry . kovac who ? director sullivan you have question , ask bancroft . you be he problem now , not mine . but if you do not do what he want ? you come right back here for the rest of you sentence . Pov kovac as they pass shackle prisoner be lead past . he meet the eye of a prisoner lean against the wall smoking a cigarette as a Guard wait impatiently . male prisoner ( to kovac , shrug ) gotta put it in neutral , brother let it coast . ( take a deep drag ) not like I be gonna use this lung again . so who care , yeah ? kovac look back to the director . kovac Real humane . director sullivan you commit a crime , you go into storage and you body belong to the state to do what we want with . that 's how it be . kovac what about rights ? director sullivan someone like you ? you do not have any . they walk past another prisoner , sobbing and thrashing as he 's drag down the corridor . kovac good to know . they reach a pair of opaque glass slide door . ( continued ) 13 14 15 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 19 . continued : ( 2 ) director sullivan bancroft 's send someone to pick you up in the re- meet hall . but I will see you again soon . kovac I be touch by you faith in I . director sullivan I read you file . felony stack theft organic damage , murder -- and that 's the part that be not redact . you be a recidivist . you will be back , and you will be lock up for good , where you belong . I may not know you name . but I know people like you . kovac there be not any other people like I . not anymore . the door slide open , and kovac stride out , leave the orderly and the baffle director behind . int . alcatraz - re-meet hall - day kovac emerge into a vast outer hall that form the exit to the building -- the re-meet hall . at the opposite end of the hall , automatic door slide open to reveal a bright day outside -- kovac glimpsis a noisy demonstration , shout and sign - waving visible for a instant before the door slide close again . kovac glance around -- benches scattered , people sit or milling . they eye on the door from the clinic . nervous . a trickle of newly -sleeved people emerge , blink in the light , stunne , disorient . int . resleeving facility - harlan' world - flashback young takeshi kovac ( 12 ) and he older sister reileen ( 16 ) stand in a crowded re - meet hall , older tech but still recognizable . Young takeshi 's eye dart back and forth as he search the crowd emerging from the clinic . young takeshi do you see dad yet ? young reileen not yet . but he will be here . off Young takeshi , eye search -- 16 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 20 . int . alcatraz - re-meet hall - day a older junkie woman approach a family . they crane past she , look at the door , until she greet the father -- old junkie woman daddy ...? ( off he blank look ) it 's I . father Cindy ? she start cry as the family look at she in disbelief verge on horror . the Father grab a pass security guard -- father ( cont 'd ) we girl be murder in a hit - and - run ! Law say she get a free sleeve -- ( indicate the junkie ) Cindy be seven year old ! security guard ( tired , he do this a lot ) this be what we have in inventory . you do not like it , you can pay for a upgrade or put she back in storage . kovac pass by , not stare , but listen , absorb , as he go by -- the junkie woman cling to the mother , skinny finger clutching desperately . cindy I do not want to go back into the dark , mommy . back on kovac , head for the door -- as a woman in mirrore glass unfold herself from a bench , lithe as a cat . she cross to meet kovac . she 's latina , with a beautiful , unselfconscious strength about she get a good look at kovac , she stop short , something about she reaction to kovac seem off for a instant ... nervous , surprised , something . but she quickly cover . smile , chatty . ortega ( extend she hand ) Kristin ortega . I be take you to the bancroft residence . ( continued ) 16 17 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 21 . continued : they shake , she keep pump he hand , hold on maybe a fraction longer than necessary . ortega ( cont 'd ) welcome to Bay City ! you be go to love it here . kovac extricate he hand . not loving the enthusiasm . as they start walk , ortega chat animatedly -- ortega ( cont 'd ) the car 's right outside . you be good to go , right ? since if you have bag , you leave they on another planet a few century ago . kovac she drive and she 's funny . jackpot . ortega you be not even sleeve-sick . I be impressed . how long ago do they decant you ? kovac Long enough . ortega ( as they move to the door ) keep you head down , there 's a little spirite public debate go on outside . but do not worry . I doa little security work on the side . I will protect you . kovac good . I deplore violence . they exit through the door -- ext . psychasec alcatraz - day -- into the middle of a raucous demonstration . kovac be sweep into the crowd , a almost surreal immersion into yell and jostling body , people shove pamphlet into he hand and shout into he face . two group of protestor with holographic placard and pamphlet , shout at each other and anyone else who come near they . ( think the energy , fervor , and anger of pro-life and pro-choice demonstrator outside a clinic . ) the anti-653 side wear cross , carry sign say thing like you cannot digitize the soul . ( continued ) 17 18 19 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8- 16 22 . continued : the pro-653 side carry pamphlet with image of victims of crime . as kovac and ortega push they way through , we can make out a little bit through the cacophony : " stop Resolution 653 ! " " you can not store the soul in a stack ! " " yes on 653 ! " " victim have the right to speak ! " as he and ortega clear the edge of the demonstration , one of the demonstrator get up in kovac ' face and yell -- demonstrator God be watch ! and he will judge you sin ! kovac that 's gonna keep he busy a while . ortega take he to a limo that 's hover nearby . she hit the car alarm , it chirp and the car settles to the ground , door open . ext . limo ( traveling ) - day Wide on the city as the limo fly over Bay City . int . limo ( traveling ) - day the window be all opaque , except for the front windshield , which be show mostly sky . ortega drive , continue to talk a mile a minute . ortega sorry about that . Neo - Catholic they be fuck lunatic , and 653 have they come out of the woodwork -- kovac be glance at one of the pamphlet , row of holo - image of mostly young women . yes on 653 : let the Dead speak ! be print below they face . kovac what 's 653 ? ortega it 's a test case just go through U.N. court , something about spin up murder victim in vr to testify who kill they . but the church say once you birth sleeve die you be in the hand of God -- spin up you stack and you soul be damned . kovac be thumbing through the pamphlet -- angle on rows of face , mostly young beautiful woman . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 -16 23 . 19 continued : [ note : we do not pay much attention now , but this face will matter later . ] kovac so this victim -- they stack just stay on ice forever ? ortega and whoever kill they walk away . Neo - C 's have religious exemption coding on they stack , make it illegal to spin they back up -- 653 be suppose to change that , but the court throw it out . the archdiocese be happy though -- they say it 's better the murder go unsolve than the victim 's soul go to hell . ( glance at he in the mirror ) what do you think ? kovac I think no one in the archdiocese have ever be murder . violent death will do wonder for you perspective . ortega be that experience talk ? I mean no offense , but whatever you do , it must have be pretty bad -- down for close to five hundred year , they say . what be you in for ? kovac a little of this , a little of that . blew some shit up , kill some people . ortega why ? kovac some people just need kill . ortega any particular way you decide who die ? kovac depend on the day . anything can set I off -- interstellar dictatorship , genocide , people who talk too much . ( continued ) 19 20 21 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 24 , continued : ( 2 ) ortega seem cheerfully undeterred by the jab . or oblivious . it 's hard to tell . ortega make conversation 's just part of the job . you work for bancroft , you do what you be tell . so what do he want with you ? kovac no fuck clue . I do not even know who the man be . ortega you have be under a while . everybody know lauren bancroft . he 's one of the richest man in the protectorate , powerful , influential -- he 's a meth , of course -- kovac a what ? ortega meth . you know -- " methuselah . " from the bible ? ext . limo ( traveling ) - day the limo move through a cloud layer -- ortega ( 0.s. ) " and the day of methuselah be nine hundred and sixty - nine year . " -- and the limo emerge above the cloud , where gleam spire building pierce the cloud layer and rise high above it , like palace build for new and unimaginable god . ortega ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) lauren bancroft be five hundred and thirty - two year old . int . limo ( traveling ) - day kovac be craning out to see the skyline through the windshield . kovac how can people live that long now ? back when I come from , resleeve too many time and you would eventually go a little nut . ( continued ) 21 22 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 25 . continued : ortega not if you resleeve right back into you own body . grow a single clone still cost more than most people make in a lifetime . a lot more . but the ultrawealthy -- and that 's the meth -- can afford multiple clone . they resleeve themselves , one lifetime after another . kovac what about everybody else ? ortega we scrape by . people get hurt or get old , they resleeve if they can in whatever they can afford , but like you say , can not do it too many time or ... she make a " kaboom " motion with she hand at she temple . ortega ( cont 'd ) maybe that 's why meth like to live up here , they call it the aerium . the rest of we seem pretty small to they . we tiny , quick little life . but if you be around that long ago , you must have be alive when stack be invent . kovac yeah . you get any cigarettes ? ortega you kid ? that shit will kill you . kovac not a big issue for I right now . ext . suntouch house - day a huge , luxurious estate rise high above the cloud , the tallest by far of the many meth super-high structure . a tasteful combo of manicure green lawn and gravel . the sprawling grounds go on for acre , cantilever over the abyss of sky that seem to go on forever below . ortega ( v.0 . ) what be it like ? before stack ? below the soar , graceful architecture of suntouch House , cloud drift like a move landscape . ( continued ) 22 23 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 26 . continued : kovac ( v.0 . ) simpler . the limo bank down toward the estate , descend toward a putting GREEN near the house . int . limo ( traveling ) - day ortega so -- home planet , that kind of thing ? where be you bear ? kovac not here . ortega you want to know why bancroft thaw you , I be wonder the same thing . what do the man who literally have everything want with a popsicle from half a millennia ago ? kovac you really do have a way with word . ortega my abuela , she always say , Kristin you can find a way to talk to anybody . kovac especially if they be trap ina car with you . kovac look at the rapidly approach ground -- there 's a edge to ortega 's voice as she wrestle with the control -- ortega listen , pendejo . I want to help you . I mean , you be a felon , bancroft have you by the brainstem . do what he want or go back on ice . he own you ... but what the hell do he want ? kovac nobody own I . ortega land the limo with a grinding thump , tear up chunks of lush lawn as she bring the limo to a shudder halt . kovac ( cont 'd ) that be a terrible landing . but you be not just a driver , be you ? ( continued ) 23 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 27 . continued : ortega ( counter ) you be not just a criminal , Sunshine . kovac this have not be a conversation . it 's be a interrogation . you do a lot of undercover work ? Cause you might want to consider another line of work . angle through the windshield -- security guard be rush from the house , converge on the limo . kovac ( cont 'd ) they do not look very glad to see you . ortega 's friendly facade drop . all business now . ortega I say I work security . I do not say for who . ortega open the limo door -- slip a police badge out of she pocket and onto she belt with one easy move . ortega ( cont 'd ) last chance . just give I a name . kovac be not you go to open my door ? ortega name , dickbrain . kovac open he own car door kovac takeshi kovac . look I up . he get out , leave she behind . on ortega as she put a finger to she temple , we see she eye flash as she activate she oni -- Pov ortega , see image flash by , look up kovac just the way we would use a smartphone now , racing through data , see still image of stronghold , of quell -- -- and finally , the word envoy . 24 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 28 . ext . limo - day kovac stand on the lawn , as ortega come scramble after he . large chunks of grass have be gouge out of the immaculately groom lawn by the cruiser . ortega you be lie . you can not be who you say you be . all the envoy die . kovac all but one . Sunshine . security guard converge around they -- curtis stop where you be ! ortega I be Bay City PD and you know it , curtis . so lower you weapon and tell I where you boss be because I would like a fuck word . a gorgeous blonde woman , early 30' , come stride through the Guards . miriam bancroft . she 's dress in athletic clothes that show off a figure tone to perfection , dewy with sweat . ortega ( cont 'd ) ( to Miriam , outrage ) what have you people do ? Miriam recognize ortega , and there 's no love lose here . miriam Lieutenant ortega . you be trespasp on private property -- ( glance at the limo ) -- and you apparently steal one of we limo . I could have you shot . a whirr of engine -- a police cruiser emerge from the cloud cover , frame ortega from behind like a loom bird of prey -- ortega you could certainly try . -- before it touch down next to the limo , rip through even more of the lawn . kovac ( aside , to ortega ) Nice timing . ( continued ) 24 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 29 . continued : ortega ( gritt tooth ) fuck you . ( to Miriam ) do you know who this be ? what he be ? miriam he 's the envoy . but more importantly , he 's none of you business . the Police cruiser disgorge several plainclothes policeman with mohawk haircut ( vary age and ethnicity , among they bautista , a lifer who have ortega 's back ) . miriam ( cont 'd ) ( to kovac ) why do you bring they here ? Isaac be suppose to drive you -- ortega as in you son , Isaac ? bautista pull a young man , maybe 19 , out of the cruiser he look bleary and sick -- meet isaac bancroft . bautista we pick he up on a DUI . Miriam hurry to she son 's side , he pull away sullenly . miriam Isaac , what be you do drink ? isaac I be not a goddamn chauffeur miriam go inside . ( to ortega ) I be go to report you , this be police harassment . the mohawks be already get back in the cruiser . ortega pause at the door . ortega ( point ) there 's you kid , there 's you car , and there 's you new pet terrorist . you be welcome . kovac the terrorist can hear you . stand right here . ( continued ) 24 25 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 30 . continued : ( 2 ) ortega good . Cause we be not finish , you and I . she slam the door shut . the cruiser lift off . Miriam turn to kovac . her attitude preemptory , arrogant . very aware of the effect of she look . miriam what be you wait for ? get inside -- kovac I be not great at follow direction . or take order . or really anything that involve a chain of command . Miriam pull back on the snark . she 's not use to be talk back to . maybe she like it . miriam of course . we be just all so tense , since ... I be Miriam bancroft , we have not be properly introduce . please forgive I . they head inside -- int . suntouch house - hall - moment later -- where Miriam lead he past a crumbling blue stone tree ( a songspire ) twine like a live sculpture up the wall topmost branch vein the ceiling . at once majestic and incredibly fragile . kovac should not that be in a museum ? she turn and smile at he . sex and innocence at once . miriam definitely . but I have a weakness for elder civilization artifact . I collect they . among other thing . kovac it must have cost a fortune to ship it here . miriam a few fortune . and several lifetime as well . but cost be no object . Miriam gently trail she finger down one of the tree 's branch -- and it make a musical sound , like delicate bell of chime glass . a alien , unimaginable sound . ( continued ) 25 26 27 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 31 . continued : on kovac as we flash to he memory , the songspire sound rise louder and louder , not one spire but thousand -- ext . alien CITY " stronghold " - flashback a massive alien CITY -- ancient ruin , with songspire twine over everything , incredibly complex and massive . songspire chime ringing over the city in a rich natural melody . Light from 3 sun stream down over break , crumble spire -- and the sound of child laughing . pan down to see jury - rig structure build into the ruin . people work , live . a rebellion base in hide , include envoys -- among they , 0.g. kovac and the recruit we see before . body armor , ragtag equipment . talk , work , play with the kid and family who have seek refuge here . miriam ( prelapped ) this be the only songspire on Earth . int . suntouch house - hall - continuous miriam no one be sure what they be , even if they be alive . they grow , but they could have function as part of elder civilization architecture , program to continue expand . the large one record -- kovac -- be thousand of meter high , I know . I have see they . miriam stronghold . of course . she lock eye with he . part test . part seduction . miriam ( cont 'd ) be it true that you can look into a person 's eye and know exactly what they be think ? he do not look away . something smolder between they -- kovac envoy do not read mind . miriam what a pity . ( continued ) 27 28 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 32 . continued : she turn away -- and when she back be turn , kovac swiftly snap a tiny blue strand from the songspire , slip it in he pocket . then quickly follow she to the door . miriam ( cont 'd ) he 's wait for you . she hold the door open for he . he 's on he own from here . he open the door , see she stand under the curving branch of the songspire , and head into -- int . suntouch house - library - day -- a beautifully appoint library . kovac take in the detail of the place , the shelf fill with book . take one slim volume from a place of pride : ethic on the precipice , by quellcrist falconer he open it -- the book be handwritten . something in he face as he hold the book ... pain . anger. sadness . man' voice ( 0.s. ) it 's a strange thing , hold she book in you hand , be not it ? bancroft have enter the room : 50' , handsome , athletic , exude power and confidence -- -- and without warning , kovac turn and slam bancroft up against the wall . kovac where do you get this ?! bancroft look surprisingly calm . not even breathe hard . meet kovac ' eye without a shred of fear bancroft I buy it at auction . kovac it 's she handwrite . bancroft then I get what I pay for . kovac I have spend this morning be well and truly fuck around with , so let I be completely and painfully clear some thing can not be buy . like I . I do not ask you to bring I back into this world . ( more ) ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 33 . 28 continued : kovac ( cont 'd ) I fight a war to stop people like you from happen , and if someone do not tell I , right now , what the fuck all this be about , I might very well lose my temper . bancroft be not faze . if anything , he 's enjoy this a little -- there 's respect in he face , not anger . bancroft I be not interested in own you . I want to give you a new life . ( look down at kovac ' arm at he throat ) do you mind ? kovac , a little confuse by how unconcern bancroft be step back . bancroft straighten he clothes . bancroft ( cont 'd ) I see you have be spend time with Lieutenant ortega . I find she have this effect on people . bancroft sweep open a holo-window in the air next to they . bancroft ( cont 'd ) this be a full pardon , sign by the President of the protectorate , reduce you sentence to time serve . I have open a line of credit in you name , DNA trace accessible , to cover all you expense . when you investigation be do , you may keep that sleeve , or choose another to you own specification -- and you will receive a salary of 50 million U.N. bityen . a fortune , to buy any future you want . ( off kovac ' wariness ) I be not interested in own you . I be offer you you life back . kovac the protectorate will not allow it . no one have that kind of power . not even you . bancroft power be a live thing , Mr. kovac . tended properly , over time , it grow . and I have have a great deal of time . ( continued ) 28 29 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 34 . continued : ( 2 ) kovac say you can deliver -- what do you want from I ? bancroft I need you to solve a murder . kovac whose ? bancroft mine . he look at kovac . a beat , then -- kovac as you have point out , I be not exactly from around here . what make you think I have even know where to begin ? bancroft pick up the book that kovac be hold . bancroft because you know she . int . suntouch house - day they walk through the vast vault space of the house . bancroft quellcrist falconer be a brilliant strategist . only she could have create the envoy Corps . kovac I be surprised anyone still know who we be . bancroft turn the book over in he hand . bancroft ( cont ’d ) you do not fade from memory after stronghold 's defeat , Mr. kovac . you kind become legend . kovac '' my kind '' no longer exist . bancroft but you do . envoy be know , not just for they combat skill , but for they ability to find the truth to discover what be hide . I have a mystery for you to solve . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 30 31 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 35 . continued : bancroft ( cont 'd ) the reward be you freedom , and the stake be my life . will you at least hear I out ? off kovac , consider -- int . suntouch house - study - continuous kovac follow bancroft into a study . a mirrorwood desk gleam by the wall , a jag scorch MARK above it . bancroft this be where Miriam find I . head take off with a particle blaster behind my desk . the weapon be mine , I keep it for protection store ina biometric safe that only Miriam and myself can open . kovac look at he . say nothing . bancroft ( cont 'd ) go ahead and say it , everyone else have . either I commit suicide or my wife murder I . kovac but you be here . meaning you stack be intact , so you must remember what happen . bancroft ( shake he head ) I be afraid it be completely destroy . rd would , as they say . thought ? kovac only one . remote storage backup . I would guess offsite , secure and secret . bancroft go to a circular staircase , kovac follow . bancroft let I show you something . ext . suntouch house - crow' nest balcony - continuous they come out onto a high crow 's nest - like balcony . the view be panoramic , over the whole estate and the ocean below . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 36 . 31 continued : bancroft when I be young , I use to come up here when I have decision to make , or difficulty to face . I would think about the ancient explorer back when one could spend a lifetime pursue the secret of the Earth the ocean , the star ... there be relic of exploration all around the room -- a sextant , a astrolabe , hand - draw map of the Earth , more map of the heavens , along with telescope image of distant star and galaxy , like painting make of light . but the room have a unlive - in feel , a light coating of dust cover everything . bancroft ( cont 'd ) but I have not be here in year . the age of adventurer and explorer be over . bancroft stop in front of a antique brass telescope , bolt on the railing . a digital keypad below it , wire to the telescope . Dust disturb here , a few fingermark . bancroft key in coordinate on the pad ; as the motor attach to the telescope whirs , reposition its angle -- bancroft ( cont 'd ) ( as the telescope come to a stop ) go ahead -- tell I what you see . kovac put he eye to the viewfinder : see a angular metal object float against the backdrop of the darken sky . kovac protectorate satellite . look military grade . bancroft it be . but it 's not the protectorate 's . it 's mine . every 48 hour my stack be automatically needlecast to it . foolproof backup . ( a beat ) when Miriam find I , my last backup be already downloading into this clone sleeve . whoever want I dead must have have a plan for disable the backup -- but it fail . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 37 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) kovac so you ... current self do not have any memory of what happen ? bancroft the last thing I remember be be in my lawyer 's office , go over trade deal in the orion belt . whoever kill I pull the trigger 10 minute before my backup go through -- kovac which mean you memory of that 48 hour be go . bancroft lose completely . 32 ext . suntouch ground - day kovac and bancroft walk on the grounds of the estate . bancroft someone want I dead . permanently . they will try again , and next time they might well succeed . unless you find they first . kovac for all I know , you do try to slag yourself and just botch the job . for the first time , we see the steel behind bancroft 's pleasant manner . bancroft Mr. kovac . I have live through the corporate Wars , the collapse and rebuild of my industrial and trading interest , bring 48 child into the world and survive the real death of two of they . I be not the kind of man to take my own life , and even if I be , I would not have bungle it in this fashion . if I mean to die , I would be dead . kovac look into bancroft 's eye as he speak . kovac I have hear you out . but I do not want you money . or you pardon . I will take eternity on ice , thanks . ( continued ) 32 33 34 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 38 . continued : bancroft May I ask why ? kovac you know what regular people do when they get rd would ? nothing , because they be dead . you world , you problem . do not have anything to do with I . bancroft regards kovac . think . bancroft take a day , Mr. kovac . go out into the world . breathe air into you lung , feel the wind on you skin . remember what it be to be alive . as kovac turn to go -- bancroft ( cont 'd ) and please . take this . he hand he the quellcrist book . bancroft ( cont 'd ) like everything else I be offer ... it 's yours . if you want it . off kovac , look down at the book in he hand -- ext . golden gate bridge - night the famous bridge rise into the foggy sky , ocean water lap at the massive pylon at its base . bubblefab housing have be build into the space of the cable , and the bridge itself be cover with haphazard sprawle structure . on the shoreline , find kovac look up at the bridge from the edge of the water . his pants roll up . the sea lap at he foot as he walk into the water , ankle - deep ... and close he eye . prelap the SOUND of two child laughing and shout -- ext . harlan' world - shoreline - day - flashback young tak and young reileen ( two asian - look child , 10 and 14 ) be play in the water , run along the wave and splash each other . laugh and shouting . 35 36 37 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 39 . ext . shoreline near ggb - night kovac open he eye , look up at the immense bridge and the light of the city sparkling behind it . prelap the rise sound of the CITY , honk and shouting and the buzz of inner-city life , as we -- ext . street of BAY CITY - day kovac move through the street . look at the people they clothes and language a jumble of global style and polyglot patois . a street market slum feel , but yet still vibrant with life and energy . it 's a layer , jumble lower city , crowded with neon and holographic ad , a hive - like collection of humanity crowded on itself , jury - rig flimsy building haphazardly construct in the interstice of old architecture . ext . BAY CITY street - night find kovac stop in front of a tattoo parlor , look at the window thoughtfully . twine design render in every color , several people be tatted inside with strange tool . a rail - thin junkie dealer stand in the alley next to the tattoo parlor , do business . he 's wear a neon-bright " hello unicorn " backpack , japanese young - girl style , pull several multicolor eyedropper out of it , slip they to a customer who pay by swiping he thumb on a black matte rectangle in the Dealer 's hand . the Dealer look kovac over . sizing up a potential customer junkie dealer inking up a new sleeve , it 's like put old furniture in a new house , right ? make it feel more like home . kovac turn away from the window . kovac not gonna be in here long enough to customize the place . junkie dealer gotta live in optimism , traveler you maybe want a little braingrease to slide you into that new sleeve ? you look troubled in that skin . you a skulljumper ? offworlder ? ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 37 continued : kovac 7-8-16 40 . come a long way , and not just parsec . skipped over time like a insect skim across a lake . junkie dealer ( skeptical ) yeah , sure you do . how come you be not sleeve-sick ? kovac a long time ago , someone show I how to lock it down . I could wade into high - density combat and tear people apart five minute after I sleeve on a planet I would never even hear of . the Dealer be slowly move away from kovac . the sound of this . junkie dealer you some kind of sia shocktrooper ? kovac shocktrooper . Fucking pussy . junkie dealer do not hear that a lot . traveler , I think you be full of shit . kovac think what you want . it 's a free world . or so they tell I . junkie dealer you want something for that bleed brain of yours ? get stallion , tetrameth , neurex , somno , merge5 stiff , reaper -- interested ? kovac I might be , if I know what any of that be . do not anyone just smoke good old - fashioned weed anymore ? do not like the Dealer gesture at the endless paved expanse of the street , the world around they -- junkie dealer this look like a place where people grow thing to you , traveler ? another customer come up to the Dealer . kovac move away into the night . 38 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 41 . ext . street of BAY CITY - night kovac notice small , squat machine scuttle by on the sidewalk on spider - like leg -- people move aside around they , annoyed . kovac continue walk , they whir past on scuttling leg -- -- and hologram flicker to life around he as he 's in range , then abruptly de-rez as he keep move , pixel dissolve like watercolor in the rain . like walk through room of smoke , that form and dissipate one after another -- women barely clothed , dance sinuously . men , square - jaw , shirtless , a gay man 's dream . and then a stunning woman , filmy gauze barely cover she body , full lip whisper -- woman in hologram the house , the finest in intimate experience the Earth have to offer . she drop to she knee in front of kovac -- kovac sidestep she , keep go , the image dissolves , give way to -- image of a charismatic news reporter , sandy kim , stand in front of sleazy establishment with prostitute come in and out of the building behind she sandy kim -- Minister of Finance Finn nakashima catch in a love nest with he boyfriend . watch I , Sandy Kim , on uniwave one , for the exclusive footage of they tryst , and the heartbreak of takahashi 's husband as he take the child from they Manhattan apartment -- kovac put he head down , stride out of the swirl image only to find himself in the middle of -- another advertisement : a arena , edge lose in a blur . a emcee talk as a two shape , dim in the darkness , come run at kovac from both side , pound toward he -- emcee carnage Panama Rose fightdrome ! always live , never ' cast -- come see the finest , strongest , most brutal combat sleeve tear each other apart for you entertainment ! ( continued ) 38 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 42 . continued : the two gene freak fighter come into focus , on a collision course , with kovac in between -- one have fang and claw and glow red eye , the other be massively muscle -- kovac ' instinct overcome he , he drop into a combat crouch he neurachem flare in a glow beneath he skin , different and brighter than what we see in the open -- he swing a punch -- -- and he blow slam into something , concrete shatter around he as -- ortega ( 0.s. ) Christ kovac , what 's wrong with you ? a hand slap something on the back of he neck -- kovac whirl , stop himself a inch from hit ortega -- -- as the illusion do - rezies around he in a heartbeat leave kovac breathe hard , face ortega and the break lamppost . he touch the back of he neck -- ortega ( cont 'd ) broadcast blocker . peace offer . close on the back of he neck , as we see the tiny patch she put on he fade and blend invisibly into he skin . ortega ( cont 'd ) you be maybe not the crack commando I be expect from the envoy reputation . kovac yeah , but I be hell on lamppost . ( surveying the damage ) neurachem 's be a little upgrade from my day . ortega a lot of thing have . you want to tell I what you be do out here ? kovac be follow , apparently . ortega that 's what the police do to manipulative psychotic terrorist . kovac you could stop call I that . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 43 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) ortega you could tell I what bancroft want you for . kovac you already know . you be overzealous judgmental , and unprofessional , but you be not stupid . ortega I be not unprofessional . kovac he want I to solve he murder . ortega you mean he want you to investigate the non-criminal non - event of he suicide . kovac because you do not . or could not . or will not . it be you case , be not it ? and you fuck it up . ortega you know what , just forget it -- she start to go -- kovac you want to start over ? no problem . seem like that 's what I do now . let 's go for a drink . ( hold out he hand ) takeshi kovac . ortega shake he hand , but this time pull back quickly , as if he touch burn she . kovac ( cont 'd ) sorry . forget . you do not approve of the uprise - era kill machine . ortega you want to get a fuck drink or not ? kovac as long as I get to pick the place . 39 int . strip bar - night move through a strip bar , music pulsing , dancer grind . familiar but different -- the costume be light up , fiberoptic ( continued ) 39 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 44 . continued : and LED and gleam illuminum tattoo -- but the writhe , pole -swing dance be as old as time . find kovac and ortega at the bar , near the stage . a line of shot glass in front of they . ortega you know who 's clear the most case in the department for the last 5 year run ? me. I close a case , it stay close , because I be fuck good at my job -- kovac so the whole " just - keep - talk " thing be not a act . ortega Fine , you talk . tell I why bancroft think you will find something that Bay City PD could not . kovac it 's call envoy intuition . he motion for another round . kovac ( cont 'd ) total absorb of whatever 's around you without prejudgement or preconception . you make observation draw conclusion from what appear to be disparate piece of data . it 's hard to explain how it work , it just sort of ... come together in my head . voice , memory , moment of thing I see that do not seem related ... and then suddenly they be . ortega put it like that , it sound like a bunch of lucky guess . kovac " luck " be not a word I associate with myself . ortega yeah . takeshi kovac . mercenary turn envoy turn mercenary again , sole survivor of the stronghold slaughter . known by quite a few name -- mamba lev , one Hand rending , the icepick . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 45 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) kovac ( almost wistful ) I really like that one . ortega so that 's what you be now ? the man who do not give a damn about anything ? kovac this drink taste pretty good . that tit over there look pretty nice . ortega there 's no case . you be waste you time . kovac you want to tell I what you problem be with bancroft ? ortega I be not the one with the problem . he get I reprimand when I could not find he " killer . " try to screw with my career , which mean with my life . and he 's still do it . kovac you be say you do not deserve it ? ortega ( heat ) I polygraph the wife at she own insistence . she pass without a twitch . we chase down every lead , check on he friend and he enemy , people with opportunity and motive , and we always come back to the same thing . he lock himself in he study and offed himself . kovac and just conveniently forget that he would be resleeve in less than a hour ? ortega I deal in fact , not meth motivation . who the hell know why they do whatever crazy shit they do . kovac bancroft strike I as a lot of thing . crazy be not on the list . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 46 . 39 continued : ( 3 ) ortega let I tell you what go over my desk the night bancroft buy it . four stabbing , ten shooting -- three of which be rd 's -- five drunk drive fatality . one sleeve kill -- ( heavy sarcasm ) -- oh , wait , not a sleeve kill , she be a neo-catholic strangle and dumped in the bay . as in , actually murder . kovac as oppose to incompetently murder , like in the bancroft case . ortega ( slam she hand on the table ) be you a moron , or just a asshole ? there be no bancroft case ! a beat as some people look over -- ortega ( cont 'd ) that 's what I do -- I spend my day and night throw people on ice after they tear each other apart , just so they can serve a few month get out and start over again . I be on a fuck hamster wheel and I be still , to reiterate , very motherfuck professional . I keep people alive , I catch bad guy . and that meth fuckhead kick I down the ladder for what ? his wounded self - image ? kovac ( call to the waitress ) 1 take the check . we ortega I be not finish with you , kovac . kovac that 's you call . one of the dancers crouch down to grind sinuously in front of kovac . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 47 . continued : ( 4 ) kovac ( cont 'd ) when a sleeve have be slabbed a long time , it just keep on make hormone , do you know that ? ortega everybody know that . kovac so that first time , when you be fresh out of the tank -- ortega kovac . shut the fuck up . ( to the dancer ) get lose . kovac just think , since you take I out for a drink -- ortega you be pay , and one more time : shut . up . kovac you do not have to be insulting about it . ortega and the answer be , just a asshole . kovac not the first date to mention that . ortega also , not a date . kovac you want to know what my envoy intuition be right now ? he move a little closer to ortega . she look down , for the first time seem nervous . be he go to say that she really want to sleep with he ? kovac ( cont 'd ) without question ... or reservation ... bancroft believe that he be murder . ortega lean back , look a little disgust -- and a lot relieved . ( continued ) 45 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 54 . continued : ( 3 ) -- just as dimitri pistol -whip he in the back of the head . dimitri I say fuck move ! kovac touch he scalp , candy - apple blood on he finger . he suddenly spin , fleck of blood leap from he fingertip -- -- landing on the obsidian screen where the prompt change : DNA accepted . payment authorized . poe I can now offer all we guest amenity . ( to dimitri ) ask this of you microwave , miscreant . lightn -fast , the ceiling panel open and autoturret vulcan cannon slam down , target laser swiveling red dot -- blamblamblamm !!! cannon OPEN FIRE like the wrath of god . a amp - up cover of the Alan parson Project 's " the raven " pulse as bullet strafe the lobby , gouging chunks of plaster , splintering peace sign -- the Three Black - clad Men scramble for cover , but poe keep after they . angle on kovac and dimitri , fight savagely in the eye of the storm as the lobby disintegrate around they . the woman break from cover , fire at kovac as she charge -- kovac twist out of the way , move faster than seem possible , the woman and dimitri converge on he -- Pov kovac envoy vision : he see half - blurred movement of what dimitri and the woman be about to do -- back to scene as kovac fight they both , brutal and fast stop every blow and avoid every shot before it happen . meanwhile poe have finally take down the 3 men. kovac kick the woman away , she fly backwards -- poe ( cont 'd ) sleep , you little slice of death . poe shoot she cleanly in the stack -- raise a fist in celebration as he knock back another gin . poe ( cont 'd ) do my honore guest require further aid ? ( continued ) 39 40 41 42 43 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 49 . continued : ( 6 ) ortega ( to the waitress ) just bring I a bottle . ext . BAY CITY street - tattoo parlor - night kovac approach the tattoo parlor , the Dealer still outside . smoke a delicate , glow cigarette . smoke curling out of he mouth and nose . mos as we watch kovac say something to the Dealer , then lick he thumb ; skeptically , the Dealer hold out a thin black rectangle , kovac swipe he thumb . the Dealer look shocked . hand he the whole backpack still stare at the black rectangle , where kovac have apparently just pay he a insane amount of money . kovac take the cigarette from the Dealer 's hand . he do not even notice . ext . BAY CITY train - night High and wide on the tangle line of the maglev train that wind through Bay City , the only way the " sub " ( i.e. normal people ) travel . int . maglev train ( traveling ) - night kovac in the train , watch people , look at ad that be plaster over the window ( so you can not see out past they ) . the train be relatively full . int . maglev train ( traveling ) - later the train be almost empty now . just a couple of people -- one a nosy lady in a loose - fitting housedress , a automated grocery handcart roll behind she like a strange metal dog . she glance over kovac ' shoulder , not at all subtly . kovac be fiddling with he oni , try to use it . he have the hub strapped to he wrist , matte black card on the inside of he forearm , as info scroll along it , list hotel . he highlight one with a blink ; it pop up as a 2d hologram to hover over the hub . close on the 2d hologram : a gothic facade top by a holocast of edgar allan poe , with a raven perched on he shoulder . one hand extend , beckone . eerie . kovac swipe across make reservation , when -- ( continued ) 45 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 53 . continued : ( 2 ) kovac ( cont 'd ) ( consider ) which be really embarrassing , now that I say it out loud . dimitri do anything stupid and the cop will be pick bit of you stack out of the wall for week . poe pardon I , wayfarer , we be in the midst of conversation -- dimitri shut up , you fuckin ' piece of digibrain shit . my microwave be smarter than you . poe ( to kovac ) please touch the screen within 30 second . host prerogative will be deliver upon payment , good sir something about the tone of the voice cause kovac to pause . his back to dimitri , he eye dart swiftly around the room -- kovac it 's not voodoo , which by the way absolutely be bullshit , it 's a form of subliminal pattern recognition -- dimitri shove he forward -- kovac sprawl to the floor . dimitri do not play with I . on kovac as he get to he foot , whisper rise in he ear , as we intercut with fragment of earlier moment lightning - fast flash to -- nosy lady on train . hardwire to want guest ... poe cable and enable ... nosy lady on train like sleep with a stalker ... back to -- as kovac spot a hinged panel in the ceiling -- same envoy-vision we see with Sarah , Pov kovac as he instantly sketch in a recess open behind the panel -- ( continued ) 45 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 51 . int . the raven HOTEL - night kovac enter the hotel . a icy chandelier throw spectral light across a hauntingly palatial lobby . staircase ascend into veile height , rococo furnishings cast macabre silhouettes across bloodstain tile . no natural light . a bizarre mix of Grand guignol theater , gothic architecture , and high - tech sleek innovation . again , no one here . utterly empty . at the front desk , another holocast of poe -- the moody , bleak avatar of the HOTEL a.i. , a sort of eeyore of the uncanny -- pour himself a glass of gin . [ note : except for when he rezze into existence , poe be play in camera and be not visibly " holographic " . ] poe felicition . you have arrive at the raven , Bay City 's most deliciously macabre lodging experience . fully cable and enable . how can I ease you journey through this world ? he sip he gin , eye kovac with forlorn hope . a disquieting mix of sallow rake and officious front desk attendant . kovac the best room you have get . the best everything -- food , view , and entertainment . the private kind . poe ahh , much - need respite from the trial of bleak existence . the raven offer VIP access to the house for selective sexual taste -- a hologram flicker to life between poe 's hand , scrolling through visual : first , a ornate desert temple -- poe ( cont 'd ) the Temple of eros afford a oasis of indulgence in the mojave -- -- then a black glass and steel ultra-modern building where a muscular ( non-infringing ) version of the oscar statuette guard a giant phallus instead of a sword -- poe ( cont 'd ) -- oscar 's supplies pleasure , pain and pulchritude -- ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8 - 16 52 . 45 continued : -- and finally , a sleek flying barge , like a yacht in the sky float high over the San Francisco Bay . poe ( cont 'd ) -- and forget not we local satellite of sin , head in the Cloud . discreet exclusive , no fantasy beyond reach for the discern client of mean . kovac I be not that discern . poe from the sky above , there be always the mud below . I can guide you to licktown for elemental and fast satisfaction . kovac might be better to send someone up to I . poe ( nod obligingly ) the raven can supply you chamber with companion and accessory for any decadence . and how might you intend to pay for you stay ? kovac DNA trace . first colony Bank of California . payment detail begin scrolling over the onyx counter . kovac lick he thumb -- -- when a gun barrel be press to the base of he skull . man' voice ( 0.s. ) so much for envoy intuition . voodoo bullshit . kovac glimpsis the gunman in the screen 's reflection -- meet dimitri kadmin . heavily muscle , skin cover ina complex pattern of ropey scar . four black-clad men and one woman as backup . but kovac do not look worried ... more annoyed . Pov kovac : rack focus on the onyx counter , from the reflection to a prompt blink : " DNA trace require . " kovac you know you only get the drop on I because I be look at whorehouse brochure . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 53 . continued : ( 2 ) kovac ( cont 'd ) ( consider ) which be really embarrassing , now that I say it out loud . dimitri do anything stupid and the cop will be pick bit of you stack out of the wall for week . poe pardon I , wayfarer , we be in the midst of conversation -- dimitri shut up , you fuckin ' piece of digibrain shit . my microwave be smarter than you . poe ( to kovac ) please touch the screen within 30 second . host prerogative will be deliver upon payment , good sir something about the tone of the voice cause kovac to pause . his back to dimitri , he eye dart swiftly around the room -- kovac it 's not voodoo , which by the way absolutely be bullshit , it 's a form of subliminal pattern recognition -- dimitri shove he forward -- kovac sprawl to the floor . dimitri do not play with I . on kovac as he get to he foot , whisper rise in he ear , as we intercut with fragment of earlier moment lightning - fast flash to -- nosy lady on train . hardwire to want guest ... poe cable and enable ... nosy lady on train like sleep with a stalker ... back to -- as kovac spot a hinged panel in the ceiling -- same envoy-vision we see with Sarah , Pov kovac as he instantly sketch in a recess open behind the panel -- ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8- 16 55 . 45 . continued : ( 4 ) kovac ( grunt as he fight ) I be good , thanks . kovac headbutt dimitri viciously -- dimitri stagger back . the moment he 's clear of kovac , laser dot bloom all over he -- -- and kovac snatch dimitri 's gun off the floor and slam into dimitri , pinning he against the wall . block the hotel 's shot with he own body , target laser on he back . kovac ( cont 'd ) you be not get off that easy . who send you ? dimitri smile . teeth smear with he own blood . dimitri you be not what I expect , kovac . my mistake . dimitri punch kovac low in the kidney , twist free -- dimitri ( cont 'd ) it will not happen again . -- he run toward the cannon , open he arm with a roar ! poe eat lead , motherfucker kovac wait -- ! the gun thunder , slamm dimitri back in a hail of lead -- he drop , body riddled with bullet . the gun go silent . kovac , bloody and clothes tear , look accusingly at poe , who shrug insouciantly -- as the elevator ding . poe you room beckon . ( cock he head as if listen ) if you would like to freshen up before the constabulary arrive . kovac look down at he bloody self , the wreck lobby . kovac I be good . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8- 16 55 . 45 . continued : ( 4 ) kovac ( grunt as he fight ) I be good , thanks . kovac headbutt dimitri viciously -- dimitri stagger back . the moment he 's clear of kovac , laser dot bloom all over he -- -- and kovac snatch dimitri 's gun off the floor and slam into dimitri , pinning he against the wall . block the hotel 's shot with he own body , target laser on he back . kovac ( cont 'd ) you be not get off that easy . who send you ? dimitri smile . teeth smear with he own blood . dimitri you be not what I expect , kovac . my mistake . dimitri punch kovac low in the kidney , twist free -- dimitri ( cont 'd ) it will not happen again . -- he run toward the cannon , open he arm with a roar ! poe eat lead , motherfucker kovac wait -- ! the gun thunder , slamm dimitri back in a hail of lead -- he drop , body riddled with bullet . the gun go silent . kovac , bloody and clothes tear , look accusingly at poe , who shrug insouciantly -- as the elevator ding . poe you room beckon . ( cock he head as if listen ) if you would like to freshen up before the constabulary arrive . kovac look down at he bloody self , the wreck lobby . kovac I be good . ( continued ) 45 46 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 56 . continued : ( 5 ) ortega ( prelapped ) what the fuck be you still do here ? int . the raven HOTEL - later same angle on the wreck lobby -- but now policemen move through the carnage , take sample from the body , as ortega come stride through the lobby toward kovac , who 's stand at the bar . ortega you get hit ? kovac I be touch by you concern . ortega what happen to get laid , a meal , and re-stack for eternity ? kovac I get interrupt . she look over the body on the ground . ortega who the fuck be this guy ? disgust , kovac grab a blood -spotted glass , wipe it off , pour a drink -- kovac I do not know they . but they know I . ortega they call you by name ? you be sure ? kovac I be there . it be hard to miss . one of the mohawk come up , with a small handheld scanner . a slot on the top to slide in DNA sample . ortega read -- ortega four of they be just local muscle ... ( whistle ) but the leader . that sleeve be register to dimitri kadmin , professional assassin out of vladivostok . otherwise know as dimi the twin . do a lot of work for the yakuza . ( more ) ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 57 . 46 continued : ortega ( cont 'd ) ( to Mohawk 1 ) you run it ? mohawk jenkins ulan bator registry , boss . ortega the capitol of black market dh download . we have get the bastard . kovac get he for what ? ortega double-sleeving . dimitri be not very trust . so he make a illegal copy of himself and download it into a black market sleeve . ( to Mohawk bautista ) excise it . Mohawk bautista nod , flick a knife out , kick dimitri 's body over and crouching by he neck . ortega ( cont 'd ) we hold onto he stack , sooner or later we catch the other version of he out there and then -- he 's do . kovac what 's the penalty ? ortega protectorate - mandate erasure . total personality destruction . kovac you feed he stack to the shredder ? ortega somehow society will weather the loss . Mohawk bautista be struggle with he knife , try to get the stack out -- ortega ( cont 'd ) ( impatiently ) let I do it . ortega bend over dimitri 's corpse , knee on he back to steady it as she flick a knife in between vertebrae in he neck . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 58 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) with a sharp blow to the skull , ortega pull dimitri 's stack -- mangle by gunfire . mohawk jenkins it 's fragge . we can get a positive id , but can not spin he up to interrogate . ortega goddamn it . ( to poe ) you could not just disable they ? poe ( coldly ) no gesture be too extreme when it come to the defense of a guest ortega enough firepower to bring down a small aircraft . poe commensurate with the threat to my business . should I temper my enthusiasm for my first guest in five decade ? ( raise a eyebrow ) perhaps if you would ever choose this hall for a assignation -- ortega ( snap ) that 's enough . kovac so dimitri 's a expensive hire killer ... ortega top of the line . for a scumbag . kovac then bancroft do not commit suicide . ortega right , cause you be so well - like . kovac I be dislike plenty . on other world five century ago . I do not merit this kind of hit -- unless someone want to stop I look into bancroft 's death . ( continued ) 46 47 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 59 . continued : ( 3 ) ortega I can find a way to arrest you for this , kovac . organic damage and Real death , 6 hour out of the tank -- kovac you know what , ortega ? you can arrest I , rd I , fuck I , or fuck off . you choice . poe open the elevator door with a ding . kovac get in look back at the wide shot of ortega stand in the bloody carnage of the lobby . int . the raven HOTEL - elevator - night poe appear in the elevator behind kovac . poe a scintillating evening ! kovac Jesus ! do not just -- show up like that . can not you knock or something ? poe it renew I to partner with a presence like yourself . kovac we be not partner . poe perhaps it 's time for the consol touch of femininity you request earlier ? kovac no . poe ( do not take the hint ) I can arrange for a slattern , a woman of business , a feral virago , whatever you fancy . I know one courtesan with eye bright as day , hair black as night , a briefcase that she carry fill with the tool of carnal delight -- congress with she be a poignant reminder that the peak of ecstasy be call " the little death . " or so I be tell . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 48 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 60 . continued : poe ( cont 'd ) in the decade since the ai hotel emptied out , I choose this persona to study the ache of human melancholy , and it 's teach I that -- kovac have you ever hear of personal space ? as in , give I some ? right the fuck now ? poe you be singularly ungrateful and I must say , somewhat rude . but asa hotelier , I recognize the guest be always right . kovac recognize it somewhere not in my face . poe sigh disconsolately , vanish . kovac push the button on the elevator that say " roof access . " ext . the raven HOTEL - roof - night on the hello unicorn backpack , open on the roof , light by the pulsing glow of the neon raven holocast . he tilt back he head , use a thin disposable eyedropper to drip a half - gas , half - liquid into he eye . his eye seem to steam for a instant , then go back to normal -- smoking as he pop a few more pill . eye dilate . foot swinging out over the abyss . kovac he be right . whatever it be , this be some unspeakably good shit . he take out a pulse gun -- we recognize the gun dimitri pull on he . kovac look at it . then up at the sky . then , suddenly , put it under he jaw . aim at the back of he neck , the base of he brain . quell ( 0.s. ) be that really what you want to do with you only night on Earth ? widen to see that he 's not alone on the roof -- quell be stand behind he . wind blow she hair from she face , wear she stronghold battle gear , desert robe flutter . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 61 . 48 continued : for the first time , we see kovac ' confident facade crack just a little ... to see the yawn , endless pain beneath . kovac I miss you so much . quell I know , tak . kovac I do not know how to be in this world without you . quell I be here . kovac you be dead . quell but you be not . kovac I do not have to go back on ice . this ... right now ... this be my only chance . I can make it stop . end it , for good . blow out my stack and make it all go away ... quell if you do that , it will not all go away . just you . ( beat ) tak . look at I . kovac turn , meet quell 's eye -- but instead of see the roof , he see -- the ruins of stronghold , body strewn everywhere , sprawle in a silent , unmove tableaux of death . and among that body , twisted and body tear , eye stare sightlessly : vidaura , gomez , jimmy desoto ... and reileen . the envoy trainee that we see with quell -- the man and woman who be kovac ' close friend , and he sister . quell be the only live thing in the landscape of slaughter . quell ( cont 'd ) I have be go a long time . kovac I want to be with you . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 62 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) quell you never could lie for shit . she come forward , sit beside he . both on the roof now , next to each other . kovac you think I be lie ? quell I think you be leave something out . how do you feel in that lobby ? Fighting for you life ? kovac ( a beat , then admit ) good . quell here 's what you learn when someone try to kill you : you be still alive . take it personally . do what I teach you . fight back . slowly , he bring the gun up to he jaw again -- kovac I be not sure I can anymore . she put she hand over he , gently lowering the gun with they hand intertwined over it . quell if you love I , you do not get to be with I by fuck give up . you survive . kovac why ? to help out this people and they fuck - up world ...? quell do what you be bear to do . what I train you to do . make thing change . kovac by save a meth fuckhead ? quell by do whatever you have to do to get you life back . kovac without you . ( continued ) 48 49 50 alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7- 8-16 63 . continued : ( 3 ) quell I be go . but you be not . 500 year be long enough . move on . kovac never . you hear I . not ever quell then do not . she get up , move behind he . quell ( cont 'd ) there 's more here than you be willing to see . it 's not the threat . it 's the unanswer question . the mystery that need to be solve , the box that need to be unlock . envoy take what be offer , tak . take this chance , and do not look back he turn to look at she again -- but she 's vanish . kovac curl in on himself , as if he 's be punch . the loss of she , even after that few moment , palpably painful as a knife to the gut . after a moment , kovac stand . spread he arm against the night sky , as if he could jump from the roof . from behind , we see he silhouett against the endless light of skyline . like a guardian watch over the city below . ext . street of BAY CITY - night we be back at the tattoo parlor , garish light scream into the dark . through the window -- kovac in the seat . kovac ( v.0 . ) envoy be not commando , not exactly . we be not terrorist , either . we be soldier who turn we back on immortality to try to save humanity from itself . int . tattoo parlor - continuous kovac have he arm turn up , as the tattoo artist use something like a tiny vibrate arc-welder to cut he flesh -- but instead of black ink , he pour white - hot liquid " illuminum " into he skin . ( continued ) alter carbon - 101 interim draft 7 - 8-16 64 . 50 continued : kovac ( v.0 . ) learned technique of hone pure mind that let we move between battlefield planet like ghost , from one sleeve to another , digital guerrilla strike and then melting back into the electronic sleet the tattoo take form like liquid opal in he skin , gem -bright depth and sheen . kovac ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) so it should have be easy for I to die . I would do it before . it sizzle against he skin , then cool instantly , take form -- kovac ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but I would see she . Heard she voice , watch she move in the moonlight the artist continue molding and shaping , carve the form of the tattoo -- the ouroboros . kovac ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) and real or imagine , if the one way I could be with she be to survive , then I be go to do it kovac type something into the hub strapped to he wrist . the oni in he eye gleam , show it 's activate . he 's talk with someone , we just can not see who . kovac ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) yeah , it 's kovac . I will take the case . linger on the ouroboros tattoo , as the tail be carve to reach the mouth , and the tattoo be complete -- slam to black . end of show