{oo 112 113 114 115 91 . into secret passage colonel mustard and miss scarlet see a crack .of light at the end of the tunnel . they push at the wall -- it open -- to they amazement . int . the study + +. they have arrive in the Study . they look at each other , astonished . colonel mustard let 's try the ballroom again . they leave the Study through the door into the Hall . int . the hall they cross the Hall -- and we -- hear a noise . a unfamiliar noise . perhaps just a creak sound . colonel mustard stop abruptly . colonel mustard ( hiss ) what be that ? miss scarlet ( frighten ) I do not know ( silence ) nothing . int . a wall ( somewhere in the house ) we see , in big closeup , a main electricity switch . we do not know where it be -- unless we have be very observant and see it in the background of one of the scene so far . ( continued ) ad 115 116 117 118 119 120 92 . continued : ( note : it will have be see , perhaps slightly out of focus , ' earlier in the film . ) it be a big red lever . it be label : ' power . ' the same glove hand - which could be male or female - come into shot . it grab the lever , and pull . the light go out . ext . the house see from the driveway , all the light in the house snap out . omitted int . first cellar room professor plum hear a SOUND . be it a rat - or a man ? we see in the dim light , a huge rack of wine bottle . a noise come from behind it . professor plum ( terrify ) be anyone there ? int . second cellar room mrs . peacock can just see a large round shape . we can see it be a huge old - fashioned central heating boiler . it make occasional quiet gurgle and hiss . she stop , terrify . mrs . peacock do not you touch I ! int . the ballroom the room be dark , but some light be come in through the Hall . colonel mustard and miss scarlet walk around on a polished wooden floor . they walk slowly , feel for obstruction . miss scarlet see a large loom shape in front of she . she 's frighten . in fact , it be the shape of the raise lid of a baby grand piano . miss scarlet who 's that ? be anyone there ? od 121 122 123 124 and 125 126 127 93 . int . second bedroom the window have be leave slightly open . on this floor the window have not be shutter . some moonlight light the room a little . the window rattle and the curtain move in the draft . mrs . white be anyone there ? int . first bedroom 's wadsworth blunder into the dress room in the dark . wadsworth be anyone there ? it be well light by moonlight . he turn , see himself in a full - length mirror , and think it 's somebody else . wadsworth ( continue ) aaaaagh ! he step back and fall . over the dress table stool , against the dress table -- which collapse under he weight with a tremendous crash ! int . second bedroom mrs . white turn and scream in terror . omitted int . the lounge the cop be on the phone . he hear the scream , and look around nervously . he be still hold the phone . cop . hello ... hello ... int . attic mr . GREEN and yvette run into each other at the top of the attic stair . they collide , and hang on to each other in terror . mr . GREEN leave I alone . ( continued ) / | | | | 127 128 129 continued : yvette get away from I . and together they tumble down the stair . mr. GREEN fall in a heap . int . stair and hall yvette be hurry down the main stair . she can just see enough and she have the bannister to guide she . very tense music . she reach the Hall , and cross silently to the billiard room door . int . billiard room she open the door and come in . . yvette hello ? ... hello ? ... be you here ? we hear a whispered voice 0.s. whispering voice yes . yvette what 's go on ? whispering voice come in . shut the door . she come in and shut the door . whispering voice ( continue ) do the cop recognize you face ? 94 , yvette come towards camera , speak . she be move into a big head -and -shoulders close -up . yvette ( no french accent ) he must have . and. not just my face . he know every inch of my body . like you . and like ... ( continued ) 129 130 131 thru 134 continued : the rope be throw around she neck . she be horrify . her eye widen . yvette ( continue ) it 's. you !! and the rope be jerk , close she windpipe . CUT to : int . the library the cop be talk desperately on the phone . cop ( on phone ) there 's something funny go on here . I do not know what it be ... no , I be not on duty , but I have a feel that I be in danger ... you know that big ugly house on top of -- and into shot , behind the cop 's head , come the lead pipe . the same glove hand be hold it . it hit he on the head with a thud . the cop fall to the floor . omitted lon B nu ? 135 136 137 96 . ding ... dong ... int . the house - all room big close -up of all the guest and wadsworth , as the bell go . again , the background to each close - up . should be unclear , so that we do not know where each of they be . int . the hall from inside the Hall , the front door open . the young woman from western Union stand there , look towards US , smile . then she sing : young woman ( sing ) I ... am ... . you singing telegram ... crack ! a gunshot ! the young woman fall dead . the front door slam shut . int . attic mr . GREEN hear the gunshot from below . he turn appal , stumble towards a door , open it -- and run into a cupboard ! thud ! 138 139 140 141 97 . int . dine room colonel mustard hear , and -- after a moment 's shock -- ~~ run towards the Hall . he bump into the dining table -- knock it forward , and plate and glass crash to the floor . he have hurt himself . colonel mustard ouch ! ! int . ballroom miss '' scarlet hear all the noise , and look towards the door . int . second bedroom mrs . white , try to find the door in the dark , bang into a large box . a huge jack-in - a- box spring out immediately in front of she . she almost have heart failure . then , scream ' wildly : mrs . white help : help ! - int . first bedroom wadsworth be blunder around . he hear mrs . white shout for help ( o.s. ) . he call out . wadsworth come : come ! I be just try to find the door . he find a door . he call out again . wadsworth ( continue ) found it . — his hand turn a handle . he move quickly forward . he bump into another obstruction . his hand find another handle . . wadsworth ( continue ; to himself ) another door ? mrs . white be still shouting for rescue . ( continued ) 141 142 142a revised 7/9/85 continued : : wadsworth > ( continue ) come ! he jerk the handle and go through the next door . immediately he hit a wall . wadsworth ( continue ) what 's this , a cupboard . he find another handle . , wadsworth ( continue ) another handle ? he turn it . Water cascade over he ! wadsworte ( continue ; shouting ) oh Jesus Christ : I be in the shower ! he stumble cut , through the bathroom door , find . the bedroom , and == now with the help of moonlight in the Main Hall ... int . MAIN landing - stair and ball «++ wadsworth hurry drip down the stair , and into | the kitchen . just inside the deor he find the | electricity main lever . he switch it back -- and | the light come on all over the house . and the phonogrape '' start up again , in the study , very slowly at first , '' gzadually come up to speed . - * | we move with wadsworth back into the Hall . and gradually the six guest congregate there with he -- mr. GREEN come down the stair , mrs . peacock and professor plum emerge from the cellar , colonel mustard from the wegckage ef the dining room and miss scarlet from the ballroom . slowly they wander around check the room -- int . billiard room ( shoot towards the ' door ) . they come to the billiard room -~' and see yvette lie ! strangle , the noose around she neck , across the billiard table . daze , they turn -- continued - 1423 o™ ~ ue ay 142 '' | 2 map 98a . int . library ( shoot towards door ) + + '' and see the corpse of the cop . mr . GREEN two murder ! they all look at each other . - professor plum neither of they shot . I think I hear a gun . mrs . white / mrs . peacock so do I . miss scarlet the front door slam . colonel mustard oh god . the murderer must have run out . . wadsworth : ( urgently ) let 's see . ext . pront door ( shoot towards house ) wadsworth throw it open -- and at they foot be the body of the young woman . the bullet 's point of entry be see clearly on she forehead . wadsworth ( continue ) Three murder ! mr . GREEN six , altogether . wadsworth ( seriously ; after a pause ) this be get serious . they gape . he turn and slam the front door shut . int . hall he cross to the door of the Lounge . he look at the floor , then turn to the other . ( continued ) 99 . 142d ( continued ) wadsworth ( continue ) no gun . yvette drop it here . remember ? now it 's ' go . they all look at each other with deep suspicicn , wadsworth ( continue ; quietly ) very well . I know who do it . all you do ? ( continued ) cy nt 142d . wind , verbal and therefore slow . the speed of this 100 . continued ( 2 ) : he nod . wadsworth and furthermore , I be go to tell you all how it be all do . they react . wadsworth ( continue ) follow I . he lead they all into the library ( note ) the scene that follow may initially seem somewhat long - scene can not be judge by the usual criterion . wadsworth 's explanation of what have happen so far will be play at a absolutely tremendous speed , whenever hyphenate ; the word speak so fast that they may be completely unintelligible . his action will illustrate the word and thus make they comprehensible to the audience , but they will also happen at tremendous speed . the result will be something like a under - cranke , speed up section -- except that it will not be under - cranke and will be do by the act of wadsworth . it will be a comic tour- de-force . ( continued ) loea 143 , int . the library . they all come into the Library . wadsworth in order to help you understand what happen I shall need to take you through the event of the evening , step by step . Act the start of the evening yvette be here , by herself ( he position himself where we first see yvette ) wait to offer you all a glass of champagne . ( he run to the door and out , say : ) I be in the Hall . ( he shut the door and immediately re-open it ) I know because iwas there . then I hurried across to the Kitchen . ( he run to the Kitchen ) '' Ted , int . lobby , outside kitchen ( ballroom door p.o.v . ) wadsworth run to tne Kitchen . the six guest follow hin , alse tun , to keep up . . 145 . int . kitchen , ( shoot towards dine room ) wadsworth enter the Kitchen , follow by the other . he stop dead . perhaps they bump into hin . wadsworth : and~the -~cook-was-in-here -alive , sharpenin - the-knive , prepare - dinner . then ..! wadsworth turn and run out of the Kitchen . the other follow . 146 , int . hall . ( panning from library to front door ) wadsworth race across the Hall , the other in hot pursuit , fling '' open the front door , and ring the doorbell . wadsworth +++ the doorbell ring : it be you . he ' point to colonel mustard . colonel mustard . yes . wadsworth , at incredible speed , mime and re-enact colonel mustard 's arrival , reproduce what he and the colonel do , as he say : 100b ° 146 continued : wadsworth : t-asked-you-for-your-coat , i-recognise - : you~as—Colonel-Mustard-and-prevented -you - fron-telling -me-your-real-name-as-I-did not - want-any-of-you-to~be-addressed-by-any - name-other-than-your-pseudonym-and-I - introduced-nyself-to-you-as-the -butler . i-lead-you-across -the-hall-to-the-library wee have mime theintroduction , the take of the coat , he run back to the Library , the other breathlessly behind he . ! 137 . int . the lisrapy . ( shoot towards window ) sot re es srart rush in , and grab the bottle of chacsezne . | wadsworth aad nyvezte-net-you-and-smiled - . '' ( he smile , yvette - like ) ; and=ppour - you -a-drink , | ( he sloshes champagne into a glass ) | and ... , nae . he rush out . : '' 148 . int . the hall . ( shoot towards front door ) he arrive back at the front door , have almost collide with . the group as he come out of the library . wadsworth L ++ - the-doorbell-rang-again-and-it-vas - mrs-white-looking-pale-and-tragic-and - i-told-her-she-was-expected-and-took-her - coat~and-hung-it-up-and ... he 's on he way back to the Library . the other can hardly keep up with hin . . 169 . int , the library . ( shoot towards door ) wadsworth be whizzing back into the Library . the group follow to the doorway . : . wadsworth ~and-~i~introduced-mrs-white-to-colonel - mustard - ( he mime himself , mrs white and colonel mustard simultaneously , shaking hand with himself in all direction ) and-I-noticed -that -mrs-white-and -yvette - flinch !! : 100 ¢c 3 prof essor plum 149 continued : then what ? . wad * orth . : then-we-heard-a-rumble-of~thunder -and - be : @-crash-of-lightning - ( he imitate thunder and : lightning - at phenomenal speed ) and - to-cut -a-long -story - short - one-by-one - you~all - arrive , - mrs-peacock -shook-hand - with -yvette-and-colonel-mustard-and -mr— creen - be - of fere - champagne - by-yvette-and - professer < pl um~and - miss -scarlett-arrived -together - — and - be -all-introduce - and-then - he rush out into the Hall . + int . the hall . ( shoot towards go from centre of hall , senor eee panning past . stair to dine room ) wadskorth skid to a halt at the go . wadsworth | ~ the-gong - be -struck - ( he strike the go , everybody else jump ) ~ by~ the-Cook-and-we-went-into-the-Dining - room . j . and he 's go . , : | 131 . int . the dine room . ( shoot towards kitchen ) ea room wadsworth be movi no around the dining table , sit down , stand up , at truly phenomenal speed , as he describe . wadsworth and-mrs~peacock~sat-here-and—colonel -mustard - be -here -and -mr-green - : . che sit and stands ) and - Professor - plum - ( sit and stand ) and ~ miss -scarlett - and - mrs-white - and - this - chair - was-vacant - and - | | | . | | | { | 151 continued : colonel mustard get on with it . mrs yes , get on with it ! wadsworth ( reasonably . ) I be tell it as fast as I can . anyway - we-all - reveal - that - we would - receive - letter - a you would - have - a- letter - and - you would - have - a- letter - es : and=you would - all six get on with it ! wadsworth the point be - blackmail ! mr GREEN but this all come out in the Study after dinner ! wadsworth you be right !!! with one accord , they all turn and race out of the dining room . 152 . int . the hall . ( low angle , shoot down hall towards ballroom at lightning speed , they cross the Hall . 453 ° int . the study ( shoot in all direction ) they be al. crowded into the Study . the corpse of mr boddy and the cook be still where they be leave after the cop see they . wadsworth ust in each chair in turn as he say : i 2 a 100 £ 153 continued : wadsworth mr.-green-sat-here-and-mrs.- peacock - here -and-miss-scarlet-here-and - Professor -plum-here-and-colonel - mustard-and-mrs.- White -and - all get on with it ! wadsworth i'm getting there , i'm getting there ! Mr. - boddy -came-to-get-his -surprise - _ package ~ from - the-hall - 154 int . hall by now wadsworth be in the Hall , miming collect the package . ( low angle shot from step . outside study ) 155 int . studt ( shoot in all direction ) : wadsworth ~and - you-open - your-present . by now he be travel almost at the speed of sound . - wadsworth miss-scarlet-got-a-cardlestick-and-mrs- white-got-a-rope-and-colonel-mustard - got-a-wrench~and-= Mr. - green-got~a-lead - pipe~and - Mrs. eacock-got-a-dagger -and - Professor plum=-got-a-gun - . then -mr.- boddy~switched-out-the-lights - he switch out the light . they all scream . the light be switch on . wadsworth lie prone on the floor . all good GOD ! they stare at wadsworth , aghast ! - suddenly , wadsworth sit up . he talk at normal speed . " wadsworth that 's right . mr.. boddy lay here , apparently dead . 155 int . the study : 100 F professor plum he be dead . I examine he . wadsworth jump up . wadsworth then why be Mr. boddy bashed on the head with the candlestick a few minute later , if he be dead already ? frctssecr plum how should I know ? ( continued ) . " ew te oe oe ol i ET eee to = { lol. 156 ' continued : they all look at he -.accusingly .. | mrs . peacock so you make a mistake . : | professor plum i. do not ! wadsworth why not admit it ? miss scarlet doctor , like the Pope , never admit a professional mistake or a sexual indiscretion . wadsworth if you do not make a mistake , you be lie -- which look very bad for you . professor plum stare at the ring of accuse face . he shrug . professor plum okay , I make a mistake . wadsworth right . but if so , why be Mr. boddy pretend to be dead ? -- it coutd only be because he realize that he scheme have misfire and that the gunshot be intend to kill he -- not I . look . . | ! he pull mr . boddy 's head forward , and point to he ear . there be a slight graze on it . ( this should have be visible to the highly observant viewer sometime earlier in the film . ) . wadsworth ( continue ) the bullet graze he ear . clearly he best 's hope of escape death be . to pretend to be dead already . professor plum so whoever grab the gun from I in the dark be try to kill he . ( continued ) ' 156 102 . continued ( 2 ) : wadsworth but remember what happen next ? wadsworth up to full speed . he he he he he he wadsworth ( continue ) Mrs .-peacock-took-a-drink ... take a drink like mrs . peacock .: wadsworth ( continue ) you - say - maybe - it 's -poison , - she~ -scream - scream . wadsworth ( continue ) ~- and-drop -the-glass - drop the glass . wadsworth _ ( continue ) . - we~took-her-to-the-sofa - take mrs . peacock to the sofa . wadsworth ( continue ) she 's -still - scream , - mr.- green-slap -her-face - slap mrs . peacock 's face . wadsworth ( continue ) - then -we-heard - more~ -scream ~ from -the-library - yvette-and - Mr. - _ green=-screamed -and-colonel -mustard - slapped-him - slap mr. GREEN 's face . wadsworth ( continue ) - and-we-rushed -out - be go . | | '' _é 157 158 158a int . hall wadsworth arrive at the billiard room doorway ‘by the other . wadsworth ( demonstrate ) ~ and - she-scream - and -wentry - the-handle - and-it-was -locked - _ and - we-knocked ~ and - she-scream - and - we-rattle - and -pound . then -- - ( imitate colonel mustard ) : " they - win ' t - open -the -door " ~ and - ( imitate miss scarlet ) " hello - oh , yoo -hoo " = and - yvette - open - the~door - and - we-rush - in - the-door be open . int . billiard room they be all stand in the doorway . wadsworth turn to they . back to normal speed , he intone with significance . wadwworth but one of we be not here ! all no ? wadsworth no , maybe one of we be murdering the cook ! who be not here , with we ? they all look around . none of they can remeber . ( but the observant viewer might be able to if he / she think back to the relevant moment -- who be not on camera ? ) mr . GREEN do you know ? wadsworth ido . while we stand here ... int . hall ( shoot towards front door from billiard room door ) wadsworth ( continue ) +. .. try to stop yvette from panic , one of we could have stay in the Study ... ( continued ) ote eas 103 . 158b 158¢c 159 159a . 160 104 int . study wadsworth ( continue ) +»... pick up the knife . int . hall ( shoot as in 158a ) wadsworth ( continue ) + + +» van down the Hall ... int . kitchen ( shoot towards dine room ) wadsworth ( continue ) + '' .. and stab the cook . he enter the Kitchen . they follow . mrs . peacock . how could he risk it ? we might have see he come back . | wadsworth not if they use this secret passage . he push it , and all except colonel mustard and miss scarlet gasp in amazament . wadsworth ( continue ) -- and the murderer run back down the secret passage to the Study . int . lobby outside kitchen ( shoot towards kitchen , pan towards front . door ) mrs . white be that where it come out ? wadsworth yes . look ! int . the study wadsworth enter , follow by the other . he show they the Study entrance to the secret passage . colonel mustard how do you know ? they all stare at wadsworth . continued 105 . 160 ( continued ) " wadsworth this house belong to a friend of mine . I have know all along . mr . GREEN so you could be the murderer ! wadsworth laugh . ; wadsworth do not be ridiculous . if I be the murderer , why would I reveal to you how I do it ? no one have a answer for this . so they nod . mr . GREEN : well . . . who else know about { this secret passage ? . colonel mustard we find it . miss scarlet and I . miss scarlet you find it . you could have know about it all along . colonel mustard but I do not !! mrs . peacock why should we believe you ? he have no answer to that . but wadsworth have . | wadsworth . because he be definitely with we all in the billiard room doorway while yrvette be scream . do not you remember ? | she nod . . { miss scarlet : | that 's true . he be next to I . : they all fall silent , stare at each other with mutual suspicion . ' mrs . peacock voy but what I do not understand be , why '' 2 be the cook murder ? she have ~ '' nothing to do with Mr. boddy . ( continued ) 160 continued : wadsworth of course she do !' I gather you all here together because you be all implicate in . Mr. boddy 's dastardly blackmail . do none of you deduce that the other be involved too ? mrs . white what other ? wadsworth the cook ? and yvette ? they be all amaze . all no . wadsworth . that 's how he get all he information . before he could blackmail ' anyone , Mr. boddy have to find out they guilty secret . the cook and yvette be he accomplice . colonel mustard I ‘see ! so whoever know that the cook be involved , kill she . wadsworth yes . I know -- because I be Mr. boddy 's butler ~- that the cook have work for one of you . all who ? wadsworth ( turn to see mrs . white ) you recognize yvette , do not you ? do not deny it . mrs . white what do you mean , do not deny it . I be not deny anything . wadsworth ( triumphant ) that 's another denial ! ( continued ) 106a 160 continued : mrs . white t . all right ! it 's true I know yvette -- my husband have a affair with she . but I do not care , I be not jealous . wadsworth cross to miss scarlet . ( continued ) b 107 . continued : wadsworth and you know yvette too , do n ' t you ? miss scarlet yes . she work for I . mrs . peacock be eye open wide . wadsworth and you also know she , sir ? he look at colonel mustard . colonel mustard swallow , nervously . colonel mustard what be you suggest ? wadsworth ( accusingly ) we have already establish that you be one of miss scarlet 's client . that be why you be so desperate to get that negative . photograph of you and yvette in flagrante delicto , remember ? colonel mustard Mr. boddy threaten to send the picture to my dear old mother . the shock would have kill she . mrs '. white that would have be quite a achievement since she 's dead already . colonel mustard look very shifty . mrs . white ( point at colonel mustard ) so he have the motive . wadsworth you all have a motive . the be back to top speed ) so-the-cook -was -dead , - we-lugge - her-back -to- the-study -and= mrs.=- peacock -was-scream - wadsworth be arrive at the toilet . he scream and throw open the door of the. toilet . ( continued ) 160 continued : wadsworth ( continue ) Mr. - boddy-dead-toilet-candlestick . colonel mustard : but when and where be Mr. boddy kill ? wadsworth do not you see ? look . we come back to the Study with yvette- and - . . mr.-boddy - on - the-floor - . ( he throw Mr. Green to the floor ) ~playing-dead-but-one-of-us-knows -- . - he 's-still - alive . ( he haul Mr. green. up ) i-explain - that -I -was - Mr. - boddy 's - butler -and -i'd-invited -you-here-and - we-realize - there-was-only-one-other - person-in-the-house - : ( he point to the kitchen ) the cook ! they all rush out of the Study . wadsworth leap into the secret passage . . : 161 and omitted 162 163 int . the kitchen they all arrive in the Kitchen , stop dead . then pluck up he courage mr . GREEN fling open the cupboard door and wadsworth , enact the cook 's death fall out into he arm ? mr . GREEN aaaaagh ! wadsworth by now she be dead . we laid she down with we back to the cupboard . one -of - we slip - through - the-same-secret - passage - ( continued ) 108 a 164 164a . 109 continued : mrs . peacock again ? wadsworth of course ! back+to-the-study . int . the study wadsworth rush into the Study , ané over to the secret panel . as ever , he mime this sequence as he describe it . they watch from the kitchen doorway . wadsworth the murderer be in the secret passage . meanwhile , mr.-boddy-had-been-on-the-floor . he throw mr . GREEN on the floor again . wadsworth ( continue ) he-jumped - — ip - ... he pick he up again , and then discard he by throw he down again . wadsworth ( continue ) the-murderer - came-out-of - the - secret - panel - ... he do it . wadsworth ( continue ) ~ picked-up-the-candlestick - -.. he mime it . the he push mr . GREEN out into the Hall . int . hall ( shoot toward study and library door ) wadsworth ( continue ) Mr. boddy follow -us-out-of-the-study - into-the-hall , - look -for-an-escape - and - the-murderer - crept-up - and -killed-hin . he hit mr . GREEN on the head and knock he down again . mr. GREEN leap up , break away from he . ( continued ) | CC 164a 164b a 109a . continued : mr. GREEN will you stop it ! int . lobby outside kitchen ( shoot towards bathroom ) wadsworth then-the-murderer-dragged-him - into-the-toilet . wadsworth illustrate this by throw a gibber mr. GREEN into the bathroom . ( continued ) 110 . cy i165 int . the kstchen wadsworth and~then-nonchalantly-rejoined -us - * beside - the-cook 's - body - in - the - kitchen . it-took-less -than-half - a-minute . colcnel . mustard so who be not with we the whole time in the kitchen ? wadsworth . whoever it be be the murderer !! he race . past they - exit frame . a moment later , they rush after he . 166 int . the study ( shoot towards weapon cupboard and doorway ) wadsworth enter frame from the right , in front of the cupboard . : . . : a ] . wadsvorth ae ~and - we-put-the-weapon - in=the-cupboard - lock - it-ran-to- the-front-door - . they see he come and all hurry out ahead of he . 167 int . the hall ( Pan with group from study door to front door ) «+. and back into the Hall , to the front door . wadsworth «ee to-throw - away ~ the - key - he fling open the front door . 167a .. ext . front door ( shoot towards house ) wadsworth ( continue ) '' + + the motorist !! i- do not - throw - _ the-key -away . i-put-it-in-my-pocket . and~ -somebody , - must~have - take - the - q key-out-of-my -pocket ! and-substituted - ~- another ! : professor plum ' east ! we be all in a huddle . any of we could have do that . wadsworth precisely ! '' the he slam the door shu ( continued ) | | 16783 int . ' the hall mr . GREEN wait a minute ! Colonel mustard have a top secret Pentagon job , Mrs. White 's husband be a nuclear physicist and yvette be a link between they . . professor plum what be you top secret job , Colonel ? wadsworth I - can tell you . he be work on the secret of the next fusion bomb . colonel mustard ( staggered ) how do you know that ? wadsworth can you keep a secret ? colonel mustard yes . : wadsworth so can I ! mrs . white speak , with mount excitement . mrs . white / I begin to see how it be do . * mrs . peacock be it a plot between they , * wadsworth , or do Colonel mustard do it alone ? * * colonel mustard react . wadsworth . ' we shall see . let 's look at the other murder . professor plum yes , it be bad luck for the motorist that he arrive at that moment . : : wadsworth it be not luck . I invite he . ( continued ) 112 . 167 + continued ( 2 ) : | all you do ?? wadsworth of course . it 's obvious . everyone . here tonight be either Mr. boddy 's victim or accomplice . everyone who have die give he vital information about one of you . I get they here , so that they would give evidence against he and force he to confess . miss scarlet so who know the guy who come to make the telephone call ? wadsworth wait a moment . then colonel mustard speak again . colonel mustard he be my driver during the war . wadsworth — and what be he hold over you ? ( a beat ) co ? or do I have to tell they ? colonel mustard he know I be a war profiteer . I steal essential Air Force radio spare part and sell they on the black market . that 's where I make all my money . : ( emotionally ) . but that do not make I a murderer . mrs . peacock a lot of we airmen die because they radio do n*t work . be the- policeman work for Mr. boddy , too ? . . miss scarlet ( quietly ) the cop be from Washington . he be in my pay . I bribe he once a week , so that I could carry on - business . Mr. boddy find out somehow . : . ° mrs. peacock . of N . ( appal ) lt my God ! ( continued ) '' 1678 167 '' 3 167d 167e . 113 . continued : mr. GREEN ( in mount horror ) and the sing telegram girl ? they all look at each other , wait for someone to confess . ext . front door professor plum open the door and look down sadly at the dead singing telegram girl . professor plum she be my patient once . I have a affair with she . that 's why I lose my license . Mr. boddy find that out _too . sad pause . wadsworth let 's put she in the Study with the’ other . the three men pick she up . int . hall the men carry she in . mrs. peacock shut the fron door again . wadsworth ( continue ) get on with it . they run with she body to the Study and hurl she through the doorway . . int . study ( low angle at at doorway , shoot towards Hall ) the singing telegram fly through the air above the camera . new angle : the singing telegram land on the sofa , shoot towards fireplace or wall opposite fireplace . ( continued ) | Sat 167f int . hall 113a . wadsworth ( continue ) so. now you all know why they die . whoever kill Mr. boddy also 's want he accomplice dead . professor plum but how do the murderer know about they all ? I mean , I admit I guess that this young singer have inform .on I to Mr. boddy -- but I do not know about any of you till this evening . I mean , I would never even meet Mr. boddy . all that 's right / nor have i. yes , how do he know ? etc . ( continued ) naf 114 . 167p .continued . wadsworth I will get to that . ' first , the murderer have to get the weapon . easy ...he would steal the key from my pocket , and we all follow Colonel mustard 's suggestion that we split up and search the house . mrs . peacock 's that 's right , it be Colonel mustard 's suggestion ... professor plum and after we split up there be four more murder . colonel mustard . make no reply . he just stare at they , maintain a dignify silence . : wadsworth and whose suggestion be it to lock the motorist in the - . Lounge ? mr . GREEN . ( remember ) Colonel mustard , be not it ? wadsworth ( grimly ) indeed ! so then we draw lot , we split up -- and one of we get away from he or she partner -- and hurried to the Study . he go back to the Study , exite frame . '' 170 int . the study ( shoot towards desk , fireplace , and weapon cupboard ) he nenter frame and cross to the desk . wadsworth here , on the desk , be the envelope from Mr. boddy . it contain photograph and letter -- the evidence of Mr. boddy 's network of informant . ( continued ) po '' 170 115 .. continued : mrs . white where 's the envelope now ? wadsworth gone. destroy . perhaps in the fire -- the only possible place . he go to the fire and pick out a burnt up envelope . bit of photograph crumble as he examine it . they be unrecognizable . wadsworth ( continue ) then , - have -found-out - the - whole - story - the-murderer - open ~ the-cupboard - with - the - key - , take -out ~ - the-wrench . miss scarlet run excitably to the Lounge . the other follow to the doorway , and we pan and see she through the doorway . miss scarlet the Colonel mustard find the secret passage from the conservatory to the . loung -- where we find the motorist dead ! 170a int . hall ( panning from study door to front door to lounge door ) wadsworth we-could n't-get-in . so-yvette-got- the - gun-from-the-open-cupboard -shot-the-door - open . bang ! and-then-the-front-door - bell -rang-again . the front door bell ring . they all look at each other , aghast . . colonel mustard how do you do that ? wadsworth I do not ! ( continued ) 116 . 170a continued : miss scarlet I do not believe this ! I just do not believe this be happen ! | mrs . peacock | ( hysterically ) whoever it be , they have get to go away or they will be kill . and she run out of the Study . 171 .int . / ext . front door mrs . peacock have rush to the front door . she fling it open . a earnest look elderly man be stand there . he have pamphlet in he hand . elderly man good evening . have you ever give any think to . the | Kingdom of Heaven ? | — — / mrs. peacock os what ? the other be all watching , mesmerize . elderly repent . the Kingdom of Heaven be at hand . 's | miss scarlet - you be not just whistlin 's Dixie . elderly man ° : armageddon be almost upon we . . , professor plum I have get : news for you -- it 's here already . mrs . peacock ( scream ) go away : elderly man but you soul be in danger ! c8 mrs . peacock aaa ( completely bananas ) we life . be in danger . get lost !! ( continued ) 171 continued : and she slam the door in the elderly man 's face . then turn , panting , lean against the door , emotionally wrung out . wadsworth the - cop-arrive - next .- we-lock - he -in-the-library ... 171a int . study ( shoot towards cupboard ) wadsworth enter frame right . wadsworth ( continue ) - + '' we-forgot - the-cupboard - with - the-weapon - was-now-unlocked . he have demonstrate all of this at truly phenomenal speed . 1713 . int . hall - -( camera be inside cellar door ) wadsworth ( continue ) - - . weesplit-up-again . . . he run to . the top of the cellar stair . and there be the MAIN electricity switch . . wadsworth ( continue ) + + '' and - the-murderer - switch - off-the-electricity ! he switch it off . they all scream ! he switch it back on again . CUT off point for all ending . ( a ) - 171 '' int . hall ( shoot in all direction ) wadsworth demonstrate and mime the whole of the next speech as he describe what happen . wadsworth ( continue ) in - the-dark -the-murderer - ran-from - here - across - the-hall - to- the - Study , - get ~ the- rope-and -the-lead-pipe . . He-ran-to-the-Billiard-Room-strangled yvette - ( more ) : ( continued ) age '' ( a ) 171 '' continued ( 2 ) : wadsworth ( cont 'd ) ( he half throttles mrs . ' white , .as mr . . GREEN duck for cover ) - ran-to-the-library - ... mr . GREEN duck out of the way again . a pause , wadsworth ( continue ) -and-hit ~ -the-cop-with - the-lead - pipe . : ( hit colonel mustard 's on the head ) then -come - out-of -the-library - he-saw-automobile - light - come - up - the-drive . it - be -the- sing - ' telegram . the-murderer -picked-up - the-gun-where -yvette-left-it-here - . beside - the~Lounge-door-opened -the - front-door-recognized - the-sing - girl -from-her-photograph -and-shot - she !! then -ra n-back-to-the-cellar ! as this last remark sink slowly in . all the cellar ?? wadsworth yes . mrs . peacock but Colonel mustard be not in the cellar . wadsworth no -- but you be ! a dramatic pause . . mrs. peacock I ? what 's it get to do with I ? colonel mustard '' the finger of suspicion point at you . . mrs . peacock its rude to point . ( continued ) ( a ) 3 ( a ) continued : wadsworth you murder they all . you be the person who be miss when the cook : and Mr. boddy be murder : and the cook use tc be you : cook -- do not you : remember you : fatal mistake ? -- you tell we all at dinner that we be eat : ‘one of you favorite recipe . ( more ) ( continued ) 118a . ( a ) 119 . ( a ) 171 '' .continued | wadsworth ( cont would ) and monky ' brain though popular in cantonese cuisine , .are not often to be find in Washington , d.c . . mr. GREEN be that what we eat ? | he look as ' though he 's go to throw up . miss scarlet be there any brain to be find in Washington , d.c .? mrs .. peacock why would I have murder all the other ? : wadsworth obviously -- in case Mr. boddy have tell they about you too . professor plum so it be all nothing to do with the disappear nuclear physicist and Colonel mustard 's work on the new fusion bomb . wadsworth | no -- communism be just a red herring . Mrs. peacock do it all . — | | mrs . peacock there 's no proof . wadsworth | very well . the gun be miss . gentlemen , turn out you pocket . -~ lady , empty you purse . | whoever have the gun be the , murderer . mrs . peacock suddenly produce the gun from she purse . . mrs. peacock very well . what do you propose to do about it ? , the other back away from she nervously into a corner . all except wadsworth . wadsworth nothing . ( continued ) ( a ) 120 . ( a ) 171 '' continued mrs . peacock nothing ? wadsworth ( blandly ) nothing at all . I do not approve of murder , but it seem to I that you have perform a public service , ridding the world of a appall blackmailer and he disgusting informer . mr . GREEN ( look at he watch ) but the police will be here any minute now 's -- then what happen ? wadsworth why should the police come ? nobody 's call they . | everyone be astonished . mrs . peacock you mean ... ? wadsworth | ( smile ) . | that 's right . now , I suggest we stack all the body in the | cellar , lock it , leave quietly one at a time and forget that any of this ever happen . he move towards the study door . mrs. peacock step forward , gesture menacingly with the gun . lo . mrs. peacock good idea . but I will . leave first , if you ' do not mind . wadsworth - be my guest . I think we all owe you a vote of thanks . mrs . peacock slowly and carefully , gun train on they , walk backwards to the front door . wadsworth start singing . ( continued ) 172 173 continued and slowly ( a ) 121 . ( 5 ) : wadsworth for she' a jolly good fellow , for she' a jolly good fellow ... the other join in . all for she' a jolly good fellow -- and so say all of US , and so say all of US , and so say all of US , for she' a jolly good fellow ... and mrs . peacock be out of the front door . omitted int . the hall ~ colonel mustard , professor plum , mrs . white , miss scarlet , and mr . GREEN be stare in amazement at wadsworth . mr . GREEN I tell you I do not do it . colonel mustard but what if the authority find out what happen ... ? wadsworth the FBI will take care of that . colonel mustard you mean ... wadsworth my phone call from Mr. Hoover . I work for he , of course . how else could I have know all about you all ? colonel mustard but ... there 's one thing I still do not understand . ( continued ) ( a ) 174 175 176 ( a ) 122 continued : mrs . white one thing ? colonel mustard who be Mrs. peacock take bribe from ? wadsworth a foreign power . her husband , the Senator , have influence over defense contract . - professor plum be there go to be a cover -up ? wadsworth be not that in the public interest ? what would be gain by exposure ? professor plum . but do the FBI make a habit of clean up after multiple murder ? . wadsworth yes -- why do you you think it 's run by a man call Hoover ? ext , the driveway mrs . peacock come out of the front door , back away with the gun . suddenly the elderly evangelist appear behind she , from behind the porch . elderly evangelist Mrs. peacock ? omitted . ' omitted ext . driveway elderly evangelist why be you hold a gun ? mrs . peacock be embarrassed to be catch red-hand with the gun . ( continued ) ( a ) : 176 ( a ) 123 . continued : mrs . peacock oh ! ( affect surprise ) so i.am . well , it 's dangerous out here , it 's so isolate . elderly evangalist be that thing register ? mrs . peacock I do not know , it 's not mine . elderly evangalist you do not need that weapon . mrs . peacock no . I guess I do not . she put it down on the stonebalustrade and walk - to she car . camera move with she . she open she car door . ~ we have panned to exclude the evangelist from the shot . elderly evangalist ( 0.s.. ) oh , Mrs. peacock . i she turn , intrigue . mrs . peacock how do you know my name ? elderly evangalist the Kingdom of Heaven be at hand . and he fire the revolver at she . bang ! surprise , she collapse out of frame , dead . the elderly evangalist twirl the gun around he finger like a cowboy hero . Bright searchlight light up the drive . from out of the surroundings come several cop and FBI agent , gun in hand . elderly evangalist ( continue ; call ) wadsworth . all clear . wadsworth and the other rush out into the porch . elderly evangalist ( continue ) . I get she . she who life by the gun shall die by the gun . ( continued ) ( a ) 124 . ( a) 176 continued ( 2 ) : end credit : wadsworth ( to the other ) you see . like the mounties , we always get we man . mr . GREEN Mrs. peacock be a man ?? all oh shut up ?! blackout . fade out . the end you have just complete read version a of clue . . however , this film have four separate last reel , each explain the event of the film with a different solution . the script be identical in all version until one speech from '' the bottom of page 117 . there now follow three other ending , with page numbered B , C , and D , respectfully . nee ? ( B ) 171 int . ' hall ( B ) 117 ( shoot in . all direction ) wadsworth ( continue ) in - the-dark - the-murderer -ran - from-here - across - the-hall - to - ' the - Study , - get - the-rope - and - | the-lead -pipe . he-ran - to : the-Billiard-Room-strangled - yvette - ( more ) ( continued ) vy he turn ( B ) 118 int . hall ( continued ) ' wadsworth I be sorry , I : - do not want to frighten you . mr . GREEN you 're a bit late for that ! ~ wadsworth and then there be three more murder ! all so- who do it ? wadsworth let 's consider each murder one by one . to professor plum . wadsworth ( continue ) . Professor plum , you know that Mr. boddy be alive . even psychiatrist can tell the difference between patient who be alive or dead . you fire the gun at he in the dark and miss . so you pretend he be dead . that 's of you be able to kill he later , unobserve . miss scarlet that 's right -- he be the miss person in the Kitchen , after we find the cook dead . mr . GREEN but he be with we in the billiard room when we find yvette scream . if that 's when the cook be kill , how do he do it ? professor plum I do not . mrs . peacock you do not expect we to believe that , do you ? wadsworth turn to face she . ( continued ) a ( B ) ( B ) ( B ) ( B ) ( B ) 171 172 173 173a 1733 continued : ( B ) 119 wadsworth I - expect you to believe it -- you kill the cook . she use to be you cook -- and she inform on you to Mr. boddy . she make a fatal error . do not you remember ? he run to the dining room . they follow . int . dine room ( shoot towards kitchen end ) wadsworth sitting here , at dinner . she tell we all that she be eat one of she favorite recipe . ( significantly ) and monky ' brin , though popular in cantonese cuisine , be not often to be find in Washington , d.c : mr . GREEN be that what we eat ? he look as though he be go to throw up . mrs . white be there any brain to be find in Washington , d.c . ? wadsworth exit from the dining room at high , speed , drag colonel mustard . ext . front door ( shoot in through front door ) int . int . - the-weapon -cup ! wadsworth «ee when -you-saw - the-motorist - at - then front '' door you " take - the-key - to - ard-out-of-my-rocket - ... library ( shoot away from fireplace ) study wadsworth woj7tnerodsepbebel stea-that - werall split-up -... ( shoot towards cupboard ) wadsworth ( continue ) ses you - separate - from -miss -scarlet , - cross - the-hall , - open - the-cupboard - take - the-wrench - ran-to-the-conservatory ... ( more ) ( continued ) ( B ) ( B ) ( B ) ( B ) a 173¢ 173d . pick up wadsworth as he race from one to then next . the other simply remain , dumbfounded , in the Hall . 174 174a . ( B ) 120 int . lounge ( panning from fireplace to telephone table ) wadsworth | ( continue ) . ++. entered-the-lounge-through - the - secret-passage -kill -the-motorist - with -a-blow-on-the-head . int . hall . mrs . white this be incredible . wadsworth not so incredible as what happen next . when we all split up agin I go upstairs with you . yes , you Mrs. White . ( he pull she all around with with as he show what she do ) and-while ~ I - was-in- the -master - bedroom - you ohurry -downstair - and-turn - off -the-electricity -... int . study ( shoot towards cupboard ) wadsworth ( continue ) . ++-got-the-rope~from -the-open - : | cupboard - ... int . hall ( shoot through billiard room door ) wadsworth ( continue ) +--and-throttle -yvette . you be jealous that you husband be shtupping | yvette . that 's why you kill he , too . mrs . white | ( triumphantly ) yes . I do it , I kill yvette . I hate she . wadsworth ( seize miss scarlet ) and-while-you-were-in-the-billiard -room - miss scarlet-seized-the-opportunity - and - under-cover-of-darkness -crossed-over - to the Library and hit the cop whom she would be bribe on the head with the lead pipe . ( continued ) ( B ) 120 a ( B ) 174a continued : wadsworth have act out the whole of the previous speech at virtually the speed of sound -- if not light ! only . the action be intelligible -- only a few of the word can be understand , name and weapon mainly . they gaze at he , dumbfounded . wadsworth ( continue ) true or false ? ( continued ) ( B ) 121 ( B ) 174a continued : | & miss scarlet ( with admiration ) true . who be you , perry ' mason ? | | | professor plum so it must have be Mr. Green . who shot the sing telegram . mr . GREEN i_did not do it !! colonel mustard you be the only one leave . . mr. GREEN but I do not do it ! the gun be miss -- whoever have the gun shot the girl . - wadsworth suddenly produce the gun from he pocket . wadsworth I shot she . they all back away into a corner , frighten . . _ all you ?? wadsworth smile . | mr. GREEN so it be you . I be go to expose you . wadsworth I know . so I choose to expose myself . colonel mustard please , there be lady present !! wadsworth you. think Mr. boddy be dead . but why ? none of you even meet he till tonight . mr . GREEN you be Mr. boddy !! wadsworth nod , with a evil smile . they all gasp , in horror : professor plum be puzzle . he indicate the first body in the Study . ( continued ) | ( B ) 122 ( b) 174a continued ( 2 ) : ' professor plum so who do I kill ? | wadsworth my butler . professor plum ( furious with himself ) oh ... shuck ! wadsworth he be expendable . like all of you . - I be grateful to you all for dispose of my network of spy and informer . you all save I the trouble . now there be no evidence against I . colonel mustard sit . colonel mustard so that 's why you tell I about the. secret passage . mrs . white and ... this be all nothing to do with my disappear nuclear physicist husband and Colonel mustard 's work . with the new top secret fusion bomb . wadsworth no -- communism be just a red herring . I mr. GREEN look at . he watch . | : : mr. GREEN . the police will be here any minute . you will never get away with this , any of you . wadsworth smile . wadsworth why should the police come ? nobody 's call they . mrs . peacock realize that it be wadsworth who claim that he have send for the police . # mrs . peacock ' you mean ... oh my God , of course ! ( continued ) — nfl ( 8 ) 174a continued ( B ) 123 wadsworth ( to mr.. GREEN ) so why should not we get away with it ? we will stack all the body in the cellar , lock it , leave quietly one at a time and forget that any of this ever happen . mr . GREEN ( desperately ) and then you will carry on blackmail we all ? wadsworth of course . why not ? mr . GREEN I will tell you why not . he produce a gun , and fire it as he simultaneously dive to the floor . wadsworth fire at he and miss ~~ but mr. GREEN have hit wadsworth and wadsworth keel over , dead . mr . GREEN stand up . mrs . white be you a cop ? mr . GREEN no , I be a plant . miss scarlet a plant ? I think that man like you be usually call a fruit . mr . GREEN ( grimly ) very funnv . ( he flash a badge ) pbi . that phone call from J. Edgar Hoover be for I . I tell you I do not do it !! there be a burst of gunfire at the front door . the elderly evanelist burst in , plus many cop . the cop rush in , and arrest all except mr. GREEN . ( continued ) ( B ) 124 ( B ) 174a continued ( 4 ) : elderly evangelist who do it ? all ( each point at one or two of the other ) he / she / they do !! the cop wave they gun wildly and indecisively from one suspect to another , not know who to aim at . end . credit : mr . GREEN they all do ! ~- ( proudly ) but if you want to know who kill Mr. boddy ... ( he indicate wadsworth ) I do -- in the Hall , with the revolver . okay Chief ? take them away . I be go to go home and sleep with my wife . blackout . fade out . the end ~~ and now , the third end , which continue on after one speech from the bottom of page 117 of the main script . the third end be numbered with C page . ( d ) 171 int . hall ( shoot in all direction ) wadsworth ( continue ) in - the-dark - the-murderer - run - from-here - across - the-hall - to - the - Study , - get - the-rope - and - ' the-lead -pipe . he-ran-to the-billiard -Room-strangled - yvette - ( more ) ( continued ) ob ( C ) 171 int . hall ( cc ) 118 the third ending wadsworth demonstrate and mime the whole of the next speech as he describe what happen . a pause , as wadsworth in-the-dark - the-murderer -run - from-here - across - the-hall - to - the - Study , - get - the-rope - and - the-lead -pipe . he-ran- to - the ~ billiard - room —- and -strangle - yvette - ran-across - to- the-library - and-hit - the - cop-with - the-lead - pipe - then -come - out-of - the- Library - he-saw -automobile - light - come - up-the-drive - it - was-the-Singing - telegram . the-murderer - pick -up-the - gun -where -yvette-left-it-here - beside - the-Lounge-door-opened - the~front-door-recognized - the - sing - girl-from-her-photograph - and -shot-her !! then -ran-back - to-the-cellar ! this last remark sink slowly in . all the cellar ?? wadsworth " yes . mrs . peacock but Colonel mustard be not in the cellar . : wadsworth no -- but you be ! mrs . peacock I ? what 's it get to do with I ? ( continued ) < q ' ext ( cc ) 119 171 continued ( ( 3 ) : wadsworth you do it ! you and Professor plum together . you be in league with each other . the other gasp , astound . wadsworth explain to they . wadsworth ( continue ) think back ! Mrs. peacock be miss when the cook and Mr. boddy be murder ! and the cook use to be you cook -- do not you remember you fatal mistake ? he run to the dining room . they follow . 172 int . dine room ~ ( shoot in all direction ) wadsworth sit in mrs . peacock 's chair . he look as wadsworth sitting here , you tell ‘us all at dinner that we be eat one of you favorite recipe . ( significantly ) but monky ' brain , though popular in cantonese cuisine , be not often to be find in Washington , d.c . mr . GREEN ( appal ) be that what we eat ? though he be go to throw up . miss scarlet be there any brain to be find in Washington , d.c.? mrs.. peacock be tremble with anxiety . mrs . peacock she be my cook . I do not deny it . " that do not prove I murder anyone . : professor plum and what 's it get to do with I ? ( continued ) | | | | | | ie ( C ) 172 continued : wadsworth ( c ) 120 turn on professor plum . wadsworth you know that Mr. boddy be still alive . even psychiatrist can tell the difference between : patient who be alive or dead . you fire the gun at he in the dark , but miss -- then you drop the gun and pretend he be dead , so that you could kill he later , unobserve . you be miss in the Kitchen when we find the cook dead -- and that 's when you do it . the other four murder be easy -- luck be on you . side , you draw lot to search the mrs . white wadsworth house together . so while we be all occupy search the rest of the house you burn the evidence , kill the motorist , then switch off the electricity and kill the other . mr . GREEN '' so it be all nothing to do with the disappear nuclear physicist and Colonel mustard 's work on the new fusion bomb . wadsworth no -- communism be just a red herring . be ' still puzzle . mrs . white but why do they kill all that people ? : mrs .- peacock / professor plum we do not !! ignore they denial . wadsworth there 's no other possible explanation . professor plum be think fast . ( continued ) ( cc ) 173 continued 3 professor plum I think there be . ( cc ) think , he walk slowly out of the dining room , through the swing door into ... int . the kitchen ( shoot in all direction ) +++ professor plum come into ' the Kitchen , behind , agog , hang - on he every word . the other professor pium stare into the Kitchen cupboard , then turn to face wadsworth . professor plum I think there be . wadsworth , u_knew about the. secret Passages . and ... he cross to the Kitchen table . professor plum ( continue ) . + ++ when we draw lot you hold the matchstick in you hand -- you could have make sure we go to the cellar together . mr . GREEN ( excitably ) it 's a frame - up ! wadsworth ( angrily ) no , it be not ! professor plum remain calm . he smile . professor plum I will tell you how we find out . gun 's miss , right ? everybody turn out they pocket and purse : whoever 's get the gun , shot the sing telegram . wadsworth suddenly produce the gun from hi wadsworth very clever , Professor . the ss -— S pocket , ( continued ) 121 ( cc ) continued : the other stand - back , aghast ! miss scarlet stare at wadsworth . miss scarlet you kill that girl ? professor plum ( quietly ) he kill all of they . mr . GREEN be one step behind . mr . GREEN he .did ?? professor plum of course . who know every detail '' about we all ? who bring we all here , and Mr. boddy and all the victim ? who have the key to the cupboard with the weapon ? colonel mustard step forward , think furiously . colonel mustard but -- he say the cook be murder when we all be stand in the Library doorway with yvette . so it could not have be wadsworth -- he be there beside I . wadsworth smile . wadsworth ( smoothly ) but I be lie . that 's not when she be murder . I kill the cook earlier on , when Mr. boddy be on the floor in the Study , and you be all cluster around he . it take no time at all .. you see , as Professor plum realize , I know about the secret passage from the study to the Kitchen . mrs . white well , the police will be here any minute -- you will never get away with this . ( continued ) 122 | ( C ).173 continued 2 ( cc ) ( 2 ) 2 wadsworth ( smile ) why should the police come ? nobody 's call they . miss scarlet ( a sudden realization ) oh my God , of course not ! ~ - mrs . white why do you do it ? ' wadsworth would you believe I if I say it be to rid the world of a appall blackmailer and he disgusting informer ? mr . GREEN no . wadsworth ( cheerfully ) and you would be quite right . no ~- all my life have be spend in a struggle for perfection . I try to be the perfect husband , but my wife kill herself . i strove to be the perfect butler , but I be drive to kill mat employer . so I resolve that , in . do so , I would commit the perfect murder . but there be no pleasure in my triumph without a audience to admire it -~ - and , as ' none of you have the brain to expose I , I decide I must expose myself . colonel mustard good God , man , there be lady present ! . professor plum but you do not commit the perfect murder . there be six witness to you confession . wadsworth not for long , Professor . when the police eventually get here they will find twelve body -- and no explanation . ( continued ) 123 ee - ( C ) 224 . ( C ) 173 '' continued ( 3 ) : o~ mrs . peacock { al twelve ? there 's only six . : wadsworte laugh like a maniac . . clearly he have fliss he lid . _ , wadsworth the champagne be poison ! if you do not get a antidote in three hour , you will die . all of you . and I be ~ leave now <= and lock you in . he laugh maniacally and run out of the kitchen . ( C ) 174 '' ~ ( C ) 174a 175 176 int . the lounge ( shoot towards door and telephone table ) wadsworth run in . wadsworth there 's no escape ! he tip the telephone cord off the wall . * adsworte ( continue ) . 8 int . hall ( ottibg towards dine room ) the other have follow into the Hall and watch he with horror . wadsworth flash by ( on roller skate ) int . the library +++ wadsworth whizze in , and rip the phone out of the floor wadsworte hahahaha !! across wadsworth race into frame and rip out that phone too . he turn in triumph to the other . int . the study ( shoot towards desk , then panning wadsworth haha -- hahahaha -~ haha !! ( continued ) | | ( cc ) 176 177 ( cc ) 125 continued : the doorbell ring . they be all surprised -- and wary . wadsworth ( continue ) do not move - = - any of you . he try to leave the room wadsworth get out of the way . all . you say do not move . int . hall ( shoot in all direction ) wadsworth hurry to the front door , gun in hand . he open the door . the elderly evangelist stand there . wadsworth I think we tell you to get lose . elderly evangelist yes ...but ... : wadsworth reveal the gun . wadsworth scram , you stupid old ... the elderly evangelist lunge at wadsworth expertly , and grab he wrist . in the struggle the gun goe off . several cop appear from just out of sight , and burst in , gun at the ready , overpower wadsworth . the six guest rush out into the Hall , scream . six guest help ! help ! / get we to a hospital ! we have be poison ! / etc . cop hand up ! get ‘em up ! they hold all six guest at gunpoint , back against the wall , frisk they . cop race into all the room . the first cop find the gun in wadsworth 's pocket . simultaneously , three . cop burst out of the Lounge , the billiard room and the Library respectively . three cop ( to each other ; all together ) there 's a body in there ( continued ) 6 nace 's continued : ( C ) 126 then they realize that the other ' two cop say the very same word . they can not believe they ear . three cop ( continue ; to each other ) what ??? a cop shoot out of the Study . fifth cop there 's three body in there !! three cop three more ? fifth cop what do you mean , three more ???? the elderly evangelist be hold wadsworth in a vice- like grip . wadsworth who be you ? elderly evangelist ( show a badge ) f.b.i . they send I to clean up this murder . wadsworth be that why it 's run by a man call Hoover ? elderly evangelist who 's responsible for this death ? all six guest he be !! the elderly evangelist and all the cop be surprised . elderly evangelist all of they ?? wadsworth it 's true , it 's true , it be the perfect murder . let I show you how I do it . ( continued ) ( C ) 177 o~ - ( cc ) 178 ( C ) 179 ( cc ) 180 ( C ) 180a . ( c) igi continued ( 2 ) : he push they all back ' and clear a big space . ina wide angle long shot , wadsworth stand in the Hall , surround by the six - guest , and all the cop with they gun train on he . he start retelling the story at incredible speed ! wadsworth ( continue ) at - the-start - of - the-even - yvette- was-in-the-library - by - herself - wait - to~pour - champagne - I - was-in-the-Hall - the - cook-was-in- the-kitchen - the-doorbell - rang-de - a-ling ... wadsworth have throw open the front door . as all the guest and cop watch he , mesmerize by the performance , wadsworth step out onto the porch and slam the front door shut . - ext . front door - night wadsworth lock the front door from the outside with he key . int . the hall all the guest and cop rush to the front door and beat upon it furiously , scream to be let out . ext . front door - niget wadsworth race down the front step . the rain have stop . it be a clear moonlit night . he jump into the nearest police car , start the engine and pull away . ext . conservatory as he disappear , the guest and cop burst through the conservatory glass , and ' out into the garden . int . / ext . the police car wadsworth be drive along , smile . there be a familiar and unpleasant smell . hear a SOUND : suddenly he sniff . then he ( continued ) - ( C ) 181 continued : ne , german ' shepherd ( 0.s. ) a grrrrt wadsworth look in the rear-view mirror . teeth ! snap ! he turn , and there be the three dog , wait to pounce . as they leap towards he ... blackout . end credit : fade out . the end ( c ) 128 a '' sr and finally , the fourth end which continue on after one speech from the bottom of page 117 of the main script . this fourth end be numbered with D page . . wadsworth ( continue ) ( ) ) 171 int . hall ( shoot in all direction ) in-the-dark -the-murderer-ran - from~here - across - ~ the-hall - to - the - Study , - get - the-rope - and - the-lead-pipe . he-ran-to the-billiard -Room-strangled - yvette - ( more ) ( continued ) ( D ) 171 172 continued : ( D ) 118 wadsworth I be sorry , I do not want to frighten you . mr . GREEN you 're a bit late for that ! wadsworth and then there be three more murder ! all so which of we kill they ? wadsworth none of we kill Mr. boddy or the cook . all . so who do ? wadsworth : the one person who be not with we -- yvette ! yvette ? wadsworth yes , she be in the billiard room listen into we conversation . wadsworth act out he explanation as he speak : wadsworth she-heard - the-gunshot , - she-thought - he - be -dead -... int . study ( shoot towards door ) wadsworth ( continue ) eee d-while - we-all - examine - Mr. - boddy~she-crept-into-the-study - behind - we , - pick - up-the-dagger - ... ( continued ) so a ( D ) 172a ( D ) 17283 int . dine ' room / kitchen : ( D ) liva ( shoot dine room towards hall , panning to see kitchen through the pass - through ) wadsworth ( continue ) +» - ran-to-the-Kitchen-and-stabbed - the-cook . we-did not - hear - the- cook~scream - ... int . study ( shoot towards door ) wadsworth ( continue ) + - because - Mrs . - peacock -. be -scream - about - the-poison - brandy woe ( D ) 172c int . hall ( shoot all direction ) wadsworth ( continue ) +. then -yvette-returned-to-the- billiard - room , - she-scream - and - we-all-ran-to-her . ( continued ) ( D ) 119 ( D ) 172c continued : on miss scarlet B . you say before that that be ~ the time the cook be kill . wadsworth ( enigmatically ) I have my method . colonel mustard when do she kill Mr. boddy ? wadsworth when I say . we all run to the Kitchen , to see the cook . ' she stay behind in the Study for a moment to check that Mr. boddy be dead . he open he eye so she hit he on the head with the candlestick , and drag he to the toilet . miss scarlet why ? . wadsworth to create confusion . erat professor plum why do she do it ? wadsworth ( menacingly ) because she be act under order ? from the person who later kill she . . all who ? | wadsworth look at colonel mustard . wadsworth be it one of she client ? ( look at mrs . white ) or a jealous wife ? ( look at professor plum ) or a adulterous doctor ? no , it be she employer -- miss scarlet ! he turn to miss scarlet . miss scarlet stand , defiantly . ( continued ) ( D ) 172c '' = a | ( D ) 173 4 ( D ) 174 175 176 run ( D ) 120 . continued ( 2 ) : miss scarlet it 's a lie . wadsworth be it ? you use she , the way you always use she . you kill the motorist when we split up to search the house . . miss scarlet how could I have know about the secret passage ? wadsworth easy . yvette tell you . and then , when we split up again , you switch off the electricity . it be easy for you , here on the. ground floor . then -in-the-dark-you - ran-to-the-study ... int . the study ( shoot towards cupboard ) wadsworth whizze in and demonstrate . wadsworth «+-got= -the-rope-and-lead-pipe ... wadsworth whizze out . int . the hall ( shoot towards dine room ) wadsworth whizze past the six guest . ( roller skate ? ) int . the billiard room ( shoot towards window ) wadsworth demonstrate . . wadsworth ee. strangle -yvette ... wadsworth whizze out . int . the hall ( shoot all direction ) wadsworth be beside the front door . ( continued ) ee qo ( D ) 176 ( D ) 121 continued : wadsworth ++- saw -the-automobile -light , - pick -up-the-gun-where -yvette - dropped-it-opened-the-front-door - recognize - the-sing -telegram - from-her-photograph -and-shot-her . miss scarlet you have no proof . wadsworth the gun be miss . gentlemen , turn out you pocket , lady you purse . whoever have the gun be the murderer . miss scarlet suddenly produce the gun . miss scarlet brilliantly work out , wadsworth . i. congratulate you . colonel mustard here , here . miss scarlet snarl at he . miss scarlet shuttup ! mr. GREEN but there 's one thing I do not understand . all one thing ?? mp. GREEN yes -- why do you do it ? half of Washington know what kind of business you run -- you be not in any real danger , the whole town would be implicate if you be expose . miss scarlet I do not think they know my real business . my business be secret . and yvette find they out for I -- the secret of Senator peacock 's Defense Committee , of Colonel mustard 's fusion bomb , of Professor ~ plum 's U.N. contract , and of the work of you husband the nuclear physicist . ( continued ) ( D ) continued ( 2 ) : she be look at mrs . white . mr . GREEN so it be political . you be a Communist . miss scarlet laugh . miss scarlet the State Department have always be so unsophisticate . no , Mr. Green , communism be just a Red herring . like all member of the oldest profession , I be a capitalist . I shall sell my secret -- you secret -- to the high bidder . . colonel mustard and if we do not cooperate ? miss scarlet then just like Mr. boddy , I shall expose you . professor plum but we can expose you . six murder . miss scarlet I hardly think it will enhance you reputation at the UN , Professor plum , if it be reveal that you have be implicate not only in adultery with a-patient but in she death and the death of five other people . professor plum you do not know the kind of people they have at the UN . I might go up in they estimation . colonel mustard it 's no good blackmail I , madam -- I have no more money . all nor have I . 122. ( continued ) ( D ) 123 ( D ) 176 continued ° ( 3 ) : miss scarlet . I know , sweetie-pie -- but on . you can pay I in government _# information . ( look . around ) all of you . ( turn to wadsworth ) except you , wadsworth -= you -- as a mere butler , have no access to government secret . so I be afraid you moment ' have come . she turn the gun on he . the other respond appropriately -- one or two watch with horror , other can not bear to look . wadsworth not so fast , miss scarlet . I do have a secret or two . miss scarlet be unimpress . her finger be ready on the. trigger . miss scarlet oh yeah ? ' such .as ? . wadsworth . vo the game 's up , scarlet ... there 's 2 : no more bullet in that gun . miss scarlet you think I will fall for that old trick ? wadsworth it 's not a trick . there be one shot at Mr. boddy in the Study ; two that shot down the chandelier ; two at the Lounge door and . one for the sing telegram . | | miss scarlet that 's not six . wadsworth one plus two plus two plus one . the other be watch , =- and gount furiously on they finger . . miss scarlet no , there be only one shot that get the chandelier -- that 's one plus two plus one plus one . ( continued ) D # 176 ( D ) 124 continued ( 4 ) : wadsworth even if you be right , that would be one plus one plus two plus one , not one plus two plus one plus one . miss scarlet okay , one plus two plus ... the point be , there 's one more bullet in here and guess who 's gonna get it ! the front door bell ring . miss scarlet turn automatically toward the door . wadsworth leap forward , smashes the gun out of she hand , and ' hold she in a vice - like grip . mr. GREEN open the front door and several FBI agent and cop burst in , gun in hand . other -.agent spread out into various room and reappear almost immediately . three agent . ( to each other , all together ) there 's a body in there ! then they realize that the other two agent say the very same word . they can not believe they ear . three agent ( continue ; to each other ) what ??? a cop shoot out of the study . cop there 's three body in there !! a agent three more ?? ' wadsworth . where 's the Chief ? the elderly evangelist strolis in through the front door , gun in hand . wadsworth still hold miss scarlet in the vice- like grip . ( continued ) ( lb ) 125 ( D ) 176 continued ( 5 ) : elderly evangelist ah , wadsworth - well do . ( turn to miss scarlet ) I do warn you , my dear . Mr. Hoover be a expert on armageddon . miss scarlet turn to wadsworth . . miss scarlet wadsworth , do not hate I for try to shoot you . wadsworth frankly , scarlet , I do not give a damn . ( he raise he revolver ) as I be try to tell you , there be no bullet leave . see ? he pull the trigger . the gun goe off ! wadsworth be shocked , then puzzle . wadsworth ( continue ; thoughtfully ) - one plus two plus ... the other chandelier crash down behind colonel mustard . blackout end credit : fade out . the end