amélie sescanptay by guillaume laurant & jean - pierre jeunet scene 1 ~ ext . & int . voice over " on the third of September , 1975 , at twelve twenty - eight and thirty - two second , a small gnat of the forcipomyia family , one of nature 's minor miracle , capable of 62,670 wing - beat per minute , land on the road to banon , in the alp of haute provence ... " ( suddenly , a car appear from behind and squash it ... ) " ... at that exact moment , on the terrace of a restaurant , in a smail village on the Greek island of kalymnos , the wind balloon a tablecloth and send the glass waltzing . there be no witness to this event . " ( the glass sway on the rippling tablecloth as if by magic ) " at the very same second , in New York , at the southern tip of Manhattan island , Joseph polonski , return from the burial of he best friend wendeli curtis , erase the name from he address book ... " ( the old man sadly blow away the eraser dust ) " and still at twelve twenty ~ eight and thirty - iwo second , a spermatozoon , mark with a X chromosome belong to Mr. rapha&él poulain , break away from the pack and reach the ovum belong to Mrs. poulain , née amandine fouet . '' ( Scientific image of racing spermatozoa ~ one of they be circle in red . ) " nine month later come the birth of :; amélie poulain . " ( a midwife 's hand hold up a slimy baby . ) title ww scene 2 - int . & ext . " amélie 's father , a former army doctor , now work at the spa of enghien -les-bain . " ( raphaél poulain pose as if for a picture . we close in on he mouth as a inscription and arrow appear : " tight -lipped , sign of a lack of scene 3 - feeling . '' " raphaél poulain dislike : - piss in public ~ lurching in train aisle ~ come out of the water and feel he swim trunk stick to he " raphaél poulain like : ~ speed straight down a wind road without brake - line up he shoe and carefully shine they - empty the tool box , clean it , and put everything back in order . " int . & ext . " amélie 's mother , amandine fouet - @ primary school teacher from gueugnon - have always be rather nervous and unstable . '' ( the mother too pose as if for a photo . we close in on she flicker eyelid as the follow appear : " slight nervous tic , sign of neurotic agitation " ) " amandine poulain dislike - hot bath that wrinkle she finger - someone she do not know brush against she ~ find , in the morning , the imprint of the sheet on she cheek " amandine poulain like : - speed straight down a wind road without brake ... { she 's sit next to she husband and be actually shrink , terrorise , into the passenger seat ) " shine wooden floor by wear slipper all day ... ~ empty she handbag completely , clean it , and we put everything back . " scene 4 - int. day ~- live room - " amélie be six year old . like all little giris , she would like she father to take she in he arm from time to time . but the only time he touch she be during she monthly physical check - up . overwhelm by this exceptional moment , the little girl 's heart race 2 mile a minute . her father , therefore , be convinced she suffer from a heart condition . '' ( amélie 's father check she up with he stethoscope and look at she worriedly ... ) " because of she suppose illness , little amélie do not go to school . her mother tutor she at home and teach she french . " the mother have she daughter repeat amelie l'écureuil a croqué une araignée crue ledrus roilin ... " 1 scene 5 - int. & ext . " deprive of the company of other child , shunt between she mother 's perpetual angst and she father 's distant coldness , amélie 's only refuge be a imaginary world . " ( the little girl , dress up as a nurse , imitate she father and give a check - up to a imaginary ( cartoon ) crocodile . the sweet , slightly shy crocodile watch she every movement . ) " " in she world , lps be make like crépe ( on the screen , a hand spread the lp batter evenly in a pan , to make a micro-groove crépe . } " french cloud be create by nuclear plant ... " ( steam rise from a plant 's cool tower and form magnificent cumuli-nimbi . ) " |. and the next-door-neighbour 's wife , who have be in a coma for month , have simply choose to have do with she allot sleep - time in one go . " ( the woman , lie in bed , wake from she coma and sit up calmly . ) the woman ( very calmly ) this way , I can stay awake night and day for the rest of my life .... and she go back to sleep .... scene 6 - int. day - amélie study a goldfish in its bowl . '' amélie 's only real friend be ' the whale 's . unfortunately , the pervade familial atmosphere have make the goldfish depressive and suicidal . " the goldfish jump out of its bowl and land on the kitchen tile . squirm , he slide under the wash machine . the little girl cry for help while she mother scream hysterically , try to hook the animal out with a broom handle . the whale be finally back in he bowl , where he swim , whiter than usual . there be now a cast-iron pot on a telephone book on top of the fish-bowl . " the whale 's repeat suicide attempt only increase the mother 's stress ... and vice versa . finally a decision be make . " scene 7 - ext. day mother and daughter enter the rainy park watch by a benevolent park - keeper . everything seem perfectly normal : the mother appear to be 9 month pregnant . have reach the park 's pond , the mother unbutton she coat and pull out the goldfish bowl , which she pour into the pond . restraining a sob , amélie watch she only friend disappear underwater amid ripple and raindrop . when they pass the park~ keeper on they way out , he 's stunne . the mother have not just give birth in the bush - have she ? scene 8 - ext . & int . " to console amélie , she mother give she a second-hand kodak instamatic camera . '' uw amélie decide to give it a test ~ - run by take picture of cloud shape like animal . at the exact same moment that she press the button , there be a car-accident on the corner . " a neighbour try to take advantage of amélie 's naiveté by make she believe that she camera have 2 defect : it set off accident . amélie refuse to listen to he . she take picture all afternoon ; but that evening , she be overcome by horrible doubt . she rush to the television and crumble , crush by the responsibility of a gigantic pile - up , two train crash and the plummete of a twin-engine plane . " scene 9 ~- int. evening - '' a few day later , realize that the neighbour have be teasing she , amélie come up with a plan ... " the footbali-crazy neighbour in question be watch a final on television . amélie , hide in the basement , a smali radio glue to she ear , listen to the match , unplugge the aerial cable every time the ball get close to one of the goal . from she hide - place , she can hear the neighbour 's irate swear and stamp ... scene 10 - ext. day ~ " and then one day , tragedy strike . as be she practice every year , amandine fouet take she daughter to Notre Dame to light a candle so that the sky will send amélie a little brother . the answer to they prayer arrive three minute later . unfortunately , it be not a new - porn infant that fall from the sky but a québecois tourist ~ marguerite bouchard - end she life after a heartbreak . amandine poulain , née fouet , be kill on the spot . " scene 11 ~- ext. day - '' after she mother 's death , amélie be leave alone with she father . not @ very expansive man in the first plece , he now close up even more . he begin obsessively to build a miniature mausoleum for the ash of he wife . " the mausoleum be in the middle of the garden . with excessive zeal , he add a flourish here , a accessory there . amélie watch he from the window . " the day , the month , the year go by . the outside world seem so dead that amélie prefer to remain in she dream - life until the time come for she to leave home . " beneath the window , a teddy - bear belong to the young amélie lie forget on the lawn . year pass . the teddy - bear disintegrate , bit by bit . when there 's just a little of its stuff leave , a bird land next to the bear , pick up the morsel of stuff in its beak and fly away . we follow the bird and discover amélie , now a teenager , leave the house with a suitcase in she hand . scene 12 - int. & ext . " five year later , amélie poulain be a waitress in a café-restaurant in Montmartre : '' tout va mieux " . we see she work . she 's twenty~two . " it 's August 28 , 1997 , exactly three day before the event that will change she life forever ; but for the moment she be oblivious of this ... " we catch a brief glimpse of a large mercede racing down the highway on the bank of the seine , then a swarm of paparazzi on motorcycle . finally , a bottle of perfume fall and bounce on the tiling of a bathroom floor . back to " tout va mieux " . voice over that 's Suzanne , the owner . she limp a bit but she 's never spill a drop . when she be young , she be a equestrian dancer with the medrano circus . she like athlete who cry with disappointment . she do not like : see a grow man humiliate in front of he child in she café . at the cigerette stand be georgette , the hypochondriac . when she be not have 4 migraine , she sciatic nerve be bother she . she do not like hearing : " bless be the fruit of you womb , " that 's gina , amélie 's co-worker . she like day ~ dream over road map but she do not like fold they up again . she 's serve a Monaco to hipolito , the as-yet-unpublished writer . what he like best of all zs watch a toreador on tv get run through by 2 horn of a bull . the bitter-look man who 's keep he eye on she be Joseph , gina 's jealous ex-lover . he spend he day watch to see if he 's be replace . what he like be the sound of a pinball machine rack up a free game . and here 's philoméne , a airline stewardess . amélie cat-sit rodrigue for she when she 's get a flight . philoméne like the sound the cat 's water bowl make when you put it on the floor . and as for rodrigue , he like bring home dead mouse and lay they out on the live room carpet . he also like listen to fairy - tale with child . it 's clear that everybody like amélie , because she 's always available and forthcoming . but we also get the feel that she be a very private person , that she never really get close to anyone . scene 13 - int. day ~ train station voice over " often , on Sunday , when she have a day off , amélie take the train from the Gare du Nord to visit she father . " amélie be walk towards the platform . she make a detour to give some change to a homeless person . homeless oh , no thanks sweetie . I do not work Sunday . amélie smile at he ... scene 14 - ext. day ~~ Father 's garden amélie 's father be in the garden , on he hand and knee . he 's rearranging a few detail on he mausoleum . behind he , amélie water flower . the father be you still take you medication ? amelie of course , dad . the father you be not feel breathless , I hope ? amelte of course not dad . later , they have dinner in the kitchen . amelte now that you have retire and you have the time , why do not you travel a bit ? you have never leave enghien ... the father when we be young , we would have like to travel , you mother and I , but we could not because of you heart ... so now .... amélie nod . scene 15 - int. cinema , night voice over '' sometimes , on Friday night , amélie go to the cinema . " voice over - amelie ( whisper to we ) what I like be turn around in the dark to look at other people 's face ... ( we see a dozen astound face , each stamp with the same happy grin . ) voice over - amelie and I also like find a detail that no one else notice ... ( we see a excerpt from " Jules et Jim " . at the end of the filn , a fiy on the window appear to crawl into Jeanne Moreau 's mouth . a red circle be draw around it ) ( bogart away ... voice over ~ amelie but I do not like it in american movie when the driver do not watch where he 's go ... be at the wheel , he back to the windscreen , talk be scene 16 - int. night voice over '' amélie do not have anyone in she life . she try once or twice , but the result do not quite reach the height she have hope for . " as she 's lose she virginity , she notice two fly on the ceiling . they too be copulate . scene 17 ~- ext. & int . voice over " instead , she cultivate a particular taste for the small pleasure of life : plunging she hand deep inside a barrel of rice ... ( as she 's pass the corner grocer 's , she pause to sneak she hand into the barrel ) ... skip stone on the bank of the seine ... ... crack the hard shell of a créme brulée with the back of a teaspoon ... " scene 18 ~ int. amélie 's apartment , night from she apartment , amélie look down into she neighbour 's - Mr. dufayel . a little ashamed of herself , amélie turn off the light , grab a telescope and spy on the apartment . dufayel , a old , emaciate , hirsute man with a strange look in he eye , be in a threadbare bath~ - robe . he 's busy complete a painting with only a overhead spot for light . behind he be a television , with the sound off , which display a clock tick away the second . voice over '' that 's the glass man . due to a hereditary disease he bone be as fragile as crystal . a simple handshake could reduce he metacarpal to dust . he have avoid leave he apartment for the last twenty year . " amélie , pensive , put the telescope down . scene 19 - on the roof & various amélie , sit on the roof of she building , look out over Paris . voice over '' time have not change amélie much . she continue to take refuge in she solitude . she love ask herself silly question about the world or the city below she ... how many couple , for example , be have a orgasm at this very moment ?... " ( we see a extremely rapid series of a fifteen or so orgasm ... ) amelie ( to the audience ) Fifteen ..! scene 20 - int. evening - amélie 's apartment voice over '' and finally , here we be at 11:16 pm. on August 31 ° . , 1997 . the event that be go to change amélie poulain 's life ... " the television be on . we learn of Lady Di 's accident under the pont d' alma . in she bathroom amélie , shocked , drop a bottle of perfume ... fhe bottle bounce on the tiling , roll and hit a plinth , loosen a tile , which fall with a dull thud . amélie , one eye on the television , lean over distractedly for the bottle when , all of a sudden , she notice a hole . intrigue , she slide a hand inside and pull out a old , rusted , metal sweet~box . increasingly curious , she absentmindedly hit the remote control , turn off the television and send Lady Di off into oblivion ... at dead of night , amélie carefully open the metal box . voice over '' only the first man to have enter the tomb of tutankhamun could have understand the emotion that grip amélie as she discover the treasure a little boy hide with such care forty year ago . " ( we can see inside the box : a entire box of agate , a toy racing cyclist , a photo of dust fontaine , jack ... ) scene 21 - int. night - amélie 's room amélie , lie in bed , she eye wide open , can not get to sleep . voice over '' amélie realize suddenly that leave thé house in enghien to live here be just run away . it 's 2:16 a.m. on September 1 , 1997 and something have just be trigger off . amélie finally have a goal in life . no matter where he might be , she will find the rightful owner of the box of memory ... and return the treasure to he . " scene 22 - int , day - Ground floor of amélie 's building amélie knock on the concierge 's door concierge well , well . if it be not the young lady from the fifth floor . we do not see you much , do we ? amelie Excuse I ... I be wonder ... a little boy that would have live in my apartment in the fifty , do that ring a bell ? concierge ( drag she in ) you will have a little Port , will not you ? amelie umm ... no thank you . the place be cramme with knickknack : a rococo tea service , religious icon , a stuff black dog on the china cabinet , a old cash register on which a cat , apparently still alive , be sleep ... the concierge ( pour herself a drink ) a little boy ... I have see so many of they grow up . they be adorable at first , but then it 's chestnut , snowballs , chew gum on the ceiling ... amelie ( amused ) and you , when do you move here ? the concierge in ' 64 ... ( lowering she voice ) : I be sure they all have a great time tell you about ... amelie no ... what ? the concierge my husband be a accountant at " ladybird insurance '' . people just love say he have a affair with he secretary ... amélie pretend to be offended on the concierge 's behalf . the concierge well , actually , they do test out every hotel in the batignolle - and not the seedier one , I can assure you . because this be the kind of lady who have only spread she leg on satin , thank you very much . that 's why he start " borrow " from the till . discreetly at first and then fifty million in one go . and then the two of they fly off to the pampas . amélie , hide a little smile , walk toward the stuff dog . the concierge ( point to the dog ) ) of do that to I , I can accept , but to he ... amélie , sympathetic , pet he carefully with she fingertip . the concierge we call he " black lion " ? because he use to roll over at we foot so often that he end up shine we shoe ... notice that she finger be sticky , amélie discreetly wipe she finger . the concierge the first few year , I cry non-stop ... so , this boy of yours , even if he go past my door a hundred time ... amelie be just a shape in the fog ... the concierge ( not listen ) exactly . amelie and do you think there 's anyone in the building who she look only then could ... the concierge ( still not listen ) on the 14th of January , 1967 , someone come to announce that my husband have die in a car accident over in South America . my life come to a halt , and Black lion ~ well , he just let himself waste away with grief . at the stuff dog compassionately . the concierge the eye of a dog : that 's a lesson in forgiveness . have you notice he 's still look adoringly at he master ? do amélie realize that the dog 's glassy stare be aim at the portrait of the decease husband . the concierge next time I will read you he letter . she go to the old cash register and hit a key . the drawer open with a " dringg " . the cat open a eye as the concierge pull out a stack of envelope . the concierge ( open one } oh , here he be in the army : " dear mado ... you absence be harder and harder to bear as each day pass . I be exile in a desperately khaki world . 1 no longer sleep , I no longer eat . I live with the certainty that I have leave my only reason for live in Paris . I will not see she again until Friday fortnight , when my adorable little weasel appear on the station platform in she blue dress with the little strap ( the one you think be too see-through ) . " the concierge start to cry . a tear falis on the letter , dilute the blue ink . the concierge have anyone ever write you letter like that young lady ? amelie ( smile ) no , I be not anybody 's weasel . the concierge well , let I tell you something , when you write letter like that to a woman , it 's she you think about in you die moment ...! she finish she Port in one gulp . the concierge my name 's madeleine walace . they say that you " cry like a madeleine " , and " like walace '' ... you know , what with all of they walace fountain ... go on - tell I I be not condemn to drow in a river of tear ! ( she pour herself another drink ) . as far as that boy of yours be concerned , go and see collignon the grocer , he 's always live in the building ... the concierge scratch the stuff dog 's back as amélie thanks she and leave . scene 23 - ext. day - in front of the grocer 's collignon , in he fifty , thin moustache , grey apron , bow tie , be fill up he display . amélie , who have just arrive , quietly slip she hand into the barrel of rice . amelie hello . collignon hulio scallywag ! you usual one- fig~and - three - hazelnut ? amelie I be wonder ... the people who live in my apartment in the fifty , you would not know they name would you ? collignon well now girlie , you have get I there . in 1950 I be two year old ... the exact same mental age as this cretin be today . the grocer point out lucien , he apprentice , who be busy carefully choose endive for a customer . voice over " the " cretin " be lucien . lucien might not be a genius , but amélie like he . she like the way he handle each endive delicately , as if they be precious and worthy of respect ... it 's just he way of show he love for a job well do ... " collignon {to the customer ) dust look at he ... you would think he be pick up a baby bird that 's fall from its nest ... you be just lucky you do not ask for corinthian raisin , you would have have to come back Monday ! move it mongoloid , the lady 's get better thing to do ! amélie would be quite happy to slap the grocer , but he be busy scribbling on a piece of paper . collignon here , go and see my mum , she 's get a elephant 's memory ... my mum - elephant - get it ?... ha ha ha ...! amélie leave , a murderous look in she eye . scene 24 - ext. day ~ suburb amélie walk up to a small house in the suburb . while she 's look at the number , she automatically pick up two or three flat stone and slip they into she pocket . then she ring . scene 25 - ext. day ~ the back yard amélie and a old man be sit in the back yard . the oid man be deep in think the old man bredoteau ! amelie sorry ?! the old man that 's the name you be look for . but if I tell you , it do not count ( lowering he voice ) : I be senile . a elderly lady appear with old delivery register in she arm . the old woman do not listen to he , he 's senile . have you see what he 's do to my laurel ? she grab a branch . all the leave have little round hole in they . the old woman before he have the grocer 's he use to punch ticket in the metro ... well , for three month now , he 's be get up every night and punch hole in my laurel ... the old man I would have prefer lilac . life be not fair . { lean towards amélie ) : everyone have to have something to calm they nerve ... amelie ( smile ) for I it 's skip stone . the old woman ( flipping through the book ) I will get it for you . I write everything down ! it 's a good thing I be around . when I think that my son 's fifty year old and I be still do the book for he ... the old man when he be fifteen you be still put he toothpaste on he toothbrush for he . everything catch up with you in the end . the old woman ( she nose in the book ) camus ... camus ... no , that be on the second floor ... the brossard be staircase B ... here we be , I have get it , bredoteau , fifth floor on the right ! they be from pas-de -calais . the old man bredoteau ... that 's what I say ... the old man wink at amélie . scene 26 - int. - Metro station amélie take the metro home . one of the station be be renovate . in the space allot to billboard , there be different layer of old poster from the 40 's and 5us . amélie get off the metro to look at they , as if she 's get off a time - capsule . fascinate , she linger in front of the poster , a old song by fréhel can be hear : Si tu n'éteis pas la , comment pourrais - je vivre ? je not connaitrais pas , ce bonheur qui enivre quand je suis dan tes bras , mon ceur joyeux se livre comment pourrais - je vivre , si tu n'étais pas la if you be not there , how can I go on live ? I will know no more this intoxicating happiness : when I be in you arm , my joyful heart arise - so how can I live if you be not there ? ) progressively , as if in a long fade , the music disappear ... we can only hear the word , awkwardly sung by a male voice . come out of she daydream , amélie turn around . a young man be kneel next to a photo booth . he 's try to yank out something that 's stick between the wall and the machine , sing all the while . amélie walk towards he . scene 27 - int. day - class room voice over '' while amélie be unwillingly deprive of the contact of other child , nino , at the same age , would have be very happy to have be equally deprive . " ( we see little nino at eight year old , a victim of he classmate , who be stuff he into the classroom waste - paper bin . they heave both he and the bin onto a desk . Little nino have no other choice but to sit in this ridiculous position and wait for the teacher to arrive . ) voice over " often , at the very same moment , one would be dream of a sister and the other of a brother with whom each would spend ell they time . " ( the screen be split into two halve . on each side the sun be shine . on the leave , we see nino daydream while reflect the light off a silver tray , while on the right amélie be do the same with a hand -mirror . on the leave , we see nino flicker spot of light on a wall so that a cat can chase it frantically ; on the right , amélie be do the same with a young puppy . ) back to the metro platform . nino sense a presence behind he . he stop sing and turn round . amélie run off . scene 28 - int. & ext . day - raphaél poulain 's house in the kitchen , amélie 's father be evening off the foot of @ garden gnome with sandpaper . the door open . amélie appear . amelie hi dad . I see you have make a new friend . the father ( serious ) no , I have have it for a long time , but I forget about it . and you mother hate it , so it be put in the tool shed . come on , we be go to effect a reconciliation ...! in the garden , raphaél poulain delicately position the gnome on top of the mausoleum , both its foot in wet cement . he look at he work with satisfaction . the father Net bad , eh ? amelie ummm ... tell I dad , if you be accidentally to find something from you childhood , something that be very important to you , a treasure for example ... would you be happy , or sad , or ... nostalgic ... how would you feel ...? the father i£ you mean the gnome , I do not have it when I be a boy ... my friend from the 26th regiment give it to I for my retirement . amelte no dad , I mean thing from you childhood that you keep secret as if they be incredibly important . the father ves , yes ... ( mot listen ) : I will have to varnish it before the autumn ... amelie ( disappointed , head towards the house ) I be go to make some tea , do you want a cup ? scene 29 - int. day - " tout va mieux " at the café , it 's the calm before the rush . while gina be fill up carafe of red wine , amélie be set the last of the table . georgette , white as a sheet , be bury in a huge cardigan with a scarf wound tightly around she neck . two customer enter . georgette ( moan ) the door ... it 's so draughty gina and amélie look exasperatedly at each other . gina ( to georgette ) come on , it 's not exactly siberia . georgette it 's obvious you be not allergic to carbon monoxide . I cough so much last night ... I be sure TI puncture a lung . gina roll she eye . the customer what 's good today , Suzanne ? gina endive gratin . suzanne ( stick she head out from the kitchen ) just you wait , you be go to be on you knee . the customer ( to he friend ) be that good ? the friend depend where you end up on you knee ... the first customer yeah ... if it 's in front of the toilet ... the friend then it 's not so good ! gina laugh out loud . at he table , Joseph rewind a little dictaphone . then he press ' play ' and we hear that he 's just record the sound of gina 's laugh . everyone in the bar suddenly fall silent . Joseph start recording again . joseph 12:15 . a throaty laugh evoke the sound of orgasm . 20 motive : to attract the dominant male . gina slam a carafe on the counter . gina ( to Suzanne ) right . if he go on come here , I will not be answerable for myself ! suzanne ( of Joseph ) Fair enough ! there 's a café every 20 yard round here . why do he insist on this one ? joseph ( to the customer next to he ) Scientific reason . I be study the sexual behaviour of waitress . gina ( to Suzanne ) I really do seem to be a magnet for this nutter . suzanne not exactly . you collect they . georgette ( change the subject ) endive gratin ... that have béchamel in it , right ? suzanne yes , so ? georgette give I a upset stomach . like you and horsemeat . suzanne it 's nothing to do with my digestion : it 's my memory . I would rather eat human flesh . meanwhile , amélie have disappear behind the counter . she be look through the phone page . Three " bredoteaus " be list . she jot they address down . amelie Suzanne , would it be a problem if I be to leave a little early this afternoon ? suzanne ( teasingly not at all .... what 's he name ? scene 30 - int. & ext. day amelie ( as if answer Suzanne ) Dominique bredoteau . in fact she 's at the front door of a apartment building and be read the name write above the bell . amélie ring it . male voice come ..! amélie stand up straight , visibly nervous . the door open . a young , friendly - look student answer . amélie have a difficult time hide she disappointment . amelie Dominique bredoteau ? the young man yes ...can I help you ? amelie ( improvise ) uhhh ... well ... it 's for the petition ... the young man petition ..? amelie the petition ... to canonise Lady Di ... the young man oh no , no thank you ... in the street she cross the first address off she list . in the metro speed - up , amélie take the metro . stair , turnstile , elevate track ... scene 31 - int. & ext . day at the door of another building in the 16th arrondissement another doorbell , another nameplate : " Dominique bredoteau " , perfectly type . amélie ring . male voice ( through the entry phone ) yes ...? ws gm amelie hello , I be look for Dominique bredoteau , it 's for the european Union census ... entry phone come on up . third floor , on the right . amélie ring again once she 's on the landing . mellow chime can be hear . the door open a little and a woman in she forty appear . she have very short hair , a masculine voice and a cigarette in one hand . the woman ( suave and seductive ) Earl grey ? souchong ? bergamot ? jasmine ? do have a Little something ... amélie be speechless . on the street she cross the second address off she list . on the metro still speed up , tunnel , line change , move walkway ... scene 32 ~ int . Building entrance . one last doorbell . a concierge appear . amelie oh , helio . do know where I could find Dominique bredoteau ? concierge mmm , well ... you couid say you have just miss he . there he go now ... in the stairwell , four undertaker appear with e coffin on they shoulder . scene 33 ~ int. evening - amélie 's building amélie be on she disappointed way home . on the fourth floor , a door open and a voice call out from behind she . raymond dufayel bretodeau ..! not bredoteau .. amélie turn around and discover dufayel , the glass man , look at she . dufayel you . you need some mull wine . with cinnamon . come on . amélie waver . dufayel withdraw into he apartment . dufayel ( off screen ) well ... come in . you seem scared . amelie ( twitching she nose ) erm ... in the six year I have be live here , this be the first time we path have cross ... dufayel ( head for the kitchen ) i never venture out as far as the landing . I do not want to bump into just anyone . amelie close the door . the apartment be line , cushion , soften . the tv continue to broadcast the image of the clock . dufayel ( prepare the mull wine ) rude people call I " l'homme de verre " . but my name be Raymond dufayel . amelie amélie poulain . I be a waitress at ... dufayel ( disappear into the kitchen ) at " tout va mieux " . I know ... and today you be come home empty-hand from you hunt for bretodeau . that 's because it 's not " do " but " to " ; as in " toto " . amélie be look at a half - finish copy of @ painting on a easel . dufayel reappear with a bowl in he hand . amelie thank you . I really like this painting . dufayel it 's " Le déjeuner des canotier " by renoir . he open a cupboard . nineteen copy be stack there . dufayel I have paint one a year for the last twenty year . amelie say nothing . dufayel ( in front of one of the painting in the cupboard ) the hardest part be painting the glance . a stroke too much shadow or light and , instead of resentment , you have get love .:. sometimes I have the feel that they change they expression as soon as my back be turn . amelie well they all look pretty happy to be there . dufayel well so they should ! Hare and morel terrine , veal marengo , cheese , sorbet , liqueur ... and waffle and jam for the child ... amelie ( point to the girl lean on the railing ) she 's ... the child ? dufayel shut the cupboard and go to a chest of drawer . he open a drawer and start rummage in it . dufayel no . they be have a spitting contest further down the marne . she ... well she 's just at that age where you do not like waffle anymore but you be not allow to have champagne cocktail . incidentally , do you know what she 's lean on ? amelie umm ... it 's a wooden railing , be not it ? dufayel it 's the barrier between childhood and the adult world . amelie ( smile ) I see . between the safety of the tadpole 's shallow and the restaurant where the grow - up be party . dufayel have you notice what a hurry she 's in to grow up , the silly thing ? rushing to chew on she little bit of existence like a scraggy dog . and the more meat there be on the bone , the more ferocious she 's go to be ... just like everyone else . nw a amelie now I understand why you never go ont . dufayel ( show off he apartment ) in here , I have round off all the hard angle , I have do away with everything that bang , everything that crash , everything that have the power to hurt I . in the outside world I can not do that . just then , amélie notice a old video camera focus through the window towards a watchmaker 's shop . she finally work out that the clock on the television screen be no more than the shop sign , permanently broadcast via the video camera . dufayel , scribbling on a piece of paper , watch amelie from the corner of he eye . dufayel ( point to the camcorder ) oh , that 's just a present from my sister - in- law ... I put it there so that I do not have to set my clock anymore . amélie smile . dufayel , sip he mull wine , go back to he painting . dufayel after all this year , the only person that I still do not quite understand be the girl with the glass of water . she 's in the middle of it all , and yet she 's elso outside . amelie maybe she 's just different from the other . dufayel in what way ? amelie ( evasively ) I do not know . dufayel well , I will tell you ... ( he continue instinctively , stare straight at amélie the whole while ) : she do not know how to form relationship . she 's never know how . when she be young , she do not often play with other child . perhaps never . amélie be suddenly troubled and do not know what to answer . she put she bowl down and head towards the window , just for something to do dufayel ( hand she a piece of paper ) here ... Dominique bretodeau , 27 rue de la butte aux caille . JI check in the telephone book for you . scene 34 - ext. day ~- Street and bar bretodeau , now in he 5us , be climb a small street line with shop in the 14th arrondissement . voice over " this morning , just like every Tuesday morning , Dominique bretodeau be go to buy he free-range Chicken . he usually bake it with potato . he start by carve off the leg , the thigh , the breast and the wing , but he favourite bit be remove the last morsel off the steaming carcass with he finger , start with the little oval section on the back . in fact , no , not at all . teday , bretodeau will not buy @ chicken . in fact , he will not get further than that telephone booth ... " as he walk by a empty phone booth , the phone start to ring . he stop , and can not decide whether to answer or not . from the front window of a nearby café , amélie be watch he , a@ receiver in she hand . bretodeau approach hesitantly , then step into the booth . the telephone stop ringing immediately . the rusty metal box be lie on the shelf . intrigue , he look at it a long time ; then grab it , turn it upside down , then right side up again , become increasingly troubled . he open it ... see he jack , he marble , the little cyclist , the photo of just fontaine ... and be overwheime . behind the window , amélie have tear in she eye . scene 35 - ext . & int . bretodeau look around , try to understand how such a miracle could have occur . voice over '' to a flash , everything come back to bretodeau fédérico bahamonte ' 1959 Tour de France victory ... ( bretodeau and he friend , as child , play with little cyclist as they listen to the radio ) " ... his aunt josette 's bra and knicker ... ( the boy stare at a woman get undress through a hole in the wall , which he quickly cover back up with a photo of just fontaine ... } " .. , . and especially the tragic day when he win the whole class 's marble during break ... " ( the victorious boy pick up hundred of marble under the envious glare of the loser . but the teacher whistle the end of break-time . at top speed , the boy stuff he pocket full - but he 's win so many ! the teacher drag he off by the ear ... at that moment , he bulg pocket split and , to the triumphant yell of he schoolmate , hundred of marble spill all over the courtyard ! ) scene 36 - ext. & int. day - Street and bar Inside the café , amélie be gulp back a white wine when bretodeau open the door . he lay the box on the zinc counter . bretoneau a coffee please . as the owner serve he he drink amélie , at the other end of the counter , shrink into the corner . bretodeau you will never guess what 's just happen to I ! either it 's the biggest coincidence , ox someone ... but who , for God 's sake ! who ..? apart from a ghost - or my guardian angel ... the owner be wiping glass behind the counter ; she point to a photo of the french football team . the owner my guardian angei be fabian . bretodeau ( ignore she ) the strangest thing be that I be go right past that - 28 booth , I be not go to stop . it start ringing all by itself to get my attention ... the owner sure ... sure ... just then , a timer start ringing . the owner hey , well there you go . that 's the microwave call I . bretodeau ( turn towards amélie ) life 's funny that way ... when you be young , time just drag by and then overnight , you be fifty year old , just like that , whoosh ... and you childhood ? you can fit everything that 's leave into a rusty little box ... do you have any child ? amélie , so overcome she can not speak , shake she head without even look at he . bretodeau I have get a daughter about you age . we have not talk to each other in year . I hear she have a boy last year . his name 's ludovic . he unwrap @ sugar cube and carefully put it in he cup , then stir pensively for a long while . he drink he coffee in one gulp , nod to himself and put the spoon back on the counter . bretodeau I think it 's time I visit they . before it 's my turn to be put in a little box ... he push he cup away and leave amélie , she back to we , do not move . scene 37 - ext. evening - Street amélie , excited , be float down the street . voice over " all of a sudden amélie feel completely at peace with herself . suddenly everything be perfect ... the soft light , the scent in the air , the quiet murmure of the city . she breathes deeply . life seem so easy end clear to she : she be overcome by a surge of love , @ desire to help all humanity . " amélie slow down and stop . in front of she be the blind man she walk past every day . he be hesitate at the corner , try to cross . amélie grab he arm and walk he across ... amelie careful , there 's the kerb ... you can see the neon of the horse - butcher 's shop reflect in the gutter ... there 's a chimney - sweep smoking on a roof in front of we . here 's a old lady crossing the street . she look like a little girl make up to be a old lady ... we be on the other side . there 's a patch of grass on the kerb that 's do nothing there ... that laugh you can hear be the shoe~repairer ... he 's get mean little crease at the corner of he eye ... now , can you smell it ? it 's the fishmonger ... the crab all have they claw tape together and there 's a eel that 's still alive and open its mouth ... there 's a special offer for suede and peccary at the dry cleaner 's , ... there 's a baby in a buggy - whe 's look at a dog ina lorry ~ who 's look at some chicken on a spit ... that perfume be the florist 's : she 's wear a tunic with epaulette because she 's go to a march band rehearsal tonight ... here we be , we be in front of the butcher 's : kidney 15 francs , filet mignon 120 , rump roast 88,50 and there , that music , that 's the lottery stand .... it 's funny ... the owner 's watch " the wheel of fortune '' on he little telly ... and now , I be turn off to the right ...! amélie disappear into the crowd leave the blind man stunne . scene 38 - int. night - amélie 's apartment amélie , hum , be cooking herself a little meal . she set the table and switch on the television , which be face the table . as she 's pass the window , she gaze fall on Raymond dufayel , the glass man , who be eat alone . his only company be the television , its clock tick the second away . amélie 's enthusiasm disappear instantly . she look at she own table . the same as dufayel 's : tablecloth , crystal carafe , bread basket ... amelie ( mimick dufayel ) she do not know how to form relationship ... she 's never know how ! when she be young , she be always on she own ..! completely depressed , amélie collapse in front of the television with a huge packet of cookie . scene 39 - Television show munch non-stop , amélie imagine she see a show by frédéric mitterrand on the fate of a mythical star - who turn out to be none other than herself : amélie poulain .... voice of frederic mitterrand '' on one of that sparkling October evening where the city linger amid the last flame of a vanish summer ... " we see image of a city during a summer in the 1950' : firework , people on café terrace , child play in the street ... '' amélie poulain , also know as the " godmother of the forgotten " or the '' madonna of the unlove " fade away , alone , in she home just a few step from the melancholic rippling of the enghian lake ... " hundred of cry people be queuing in front of a suburban house . a gigantic heap of flower be pile up in front of the gate as official visitor climb out of black automobile . '' hers be a strange destiny . this young woman , so unaware of herself , yet so sensitive to the subtle charm of life 's little moment ... " we see amélie plunging she hand into a barrel of rice while smile at the camera , surround by applause ; then she be skip stone on the seine surround by the flash of photographer ... " like Don Quixote , she have resolve to attack the implacable windmill of human misery . " amélie be serve soup to a long line of homeless people at Montmartre : at the head of the line be the one who " do not work on Sunday . " then , dress as a nurse , she 's push Raymond dufayel , bundle up in a wheel chair , a impressive mountain range in the background ... finally we see she , like a great actor , enthrall a crowd of blind people ; she hair , make - up and clothes be straight out of Hollywood 's golden age . in the live - room : amélie dab at she eye with a kleenex and sniffles . voice of frederic mitterrand " a battle lose even before it begin , it undermine she youth and prematurely exhaust she life . at barely forty year of age , amélie poulain be at the end of she tether . have allow she short existence to fade into the undertow of universal misery , she have choose to end she day alone , drain , in a suburban house that oddly resemble the one in which she spend that reclusive childhood which border on autism ... " film from far away , as if by paparazzi , she be in a park , ona pilgrimage , feed the goldfish in a pond similar to the one in which she mother abandon '' the whale " . " but a pierce regret lay in wait for amélie in the solitude to which she have resign herself : the regret of have let she father die without ever try to give this stifle man the breath of life that she have manage to impart to so many other ... " amélie dab at she eye with a kleenex in front of she father 's coffin , as it disappear into the crematorium 's oven . tn the live room : amélie have sink into the sofa , sullenly melancholy , the empty package of cookie in she hand . pensive , she look out of the window . scene 40 - ext. night - commuter train here she be , in a empty carriage , on the train take she back to she father 's house . scene 41 - ext. night - suburban street she arrive at the house . the darken window look blankly back at she . she try to open the door with she key but she father have put the safety - chain on . she grab a handful of pebble to throw at the window , but then change she mind . she throw they all away except a beautifully flat one , which she automatically put in she pocket . we wo she head towards the garden gnome and look at it for a moment ... after a final glance at the window , she start shaking the gnome and pull it loose from its pedestal ... put it under she arm , she run off into the night , like a thief . scene 42 - int , night - suburban station entrance hall when amélie get to the station , the last train have leave . she fall asleep on a bench in the entrance hali , hold the gnome in she arm as if it be a child . scene 43 ~ int. day - Gare du Nord train station it 's dawn at the Gare du Nord . with the garden gnome hide under she coat , a exhaust amélie get off the train and join the first of the suburbanite head to work . suddenly , she stop in she track : near a photo booth , the boy she see in the metro station with the old poster ( nino quincampoix ) be busy pick up bit of paper from the bottom of @ rubbish bin and put they in a envelope . amélie approach and watch he attentively . she 's intrigue and flustered . suddenly , he look up at she and freeze , fascinate . amélie 's heart race ... nino rush to she - amélie be mesmerise , immobile . but he go past she without a glance ... and run after a man leave the station . amélie shake herself out of she trance and run after both of they . the man , completely oblivious to all of this , climb caimly into nis car and drive off . we have just enough time to see that he be wear red trainer which have a white star on they . nino rush to he solex mope and dash off in pursuit ; amélie look on , dumbfounded . in he haste , he bump into a taxi and lose a saddle bag before disappear over the horizon ... amélie go and pick up the bag . we a scene 44 - ext. day ~ Station entrance sitting on the step of one of the side entrance , the gnome sit next to she , amélie start look through the bag and pull out a thick notebook . every page be fill with id photograph , meticulously date and index . they all have one thing in common : they be overexpose , blacken or ruin by chemical ... they owner have abandon they and nino have adopt they . voice over " entire page of ruin id photo that disappointed owner have crumpled , tear , and throw away ~ and that a madman have meticulously reconstitute , file , index ... a rather unusuel family album . " scene 45 ext. & int. day - at " tout va mieux " over in the corner at the cigarette stand , a customer be speak to georgette . customer packet of gauloise . georgette ( with red eye ) just a second . laboriously , she start to put drop in she eye . georgette ( the drop dribble down she cheek ) you ask for ...? customer ( exasperate ) gauloise ... georgette ( feel around ) I can not see a thing . can you tell I where they be ? customer up a bit ... to the right ... there you be , that 's it ... no , just to you leave ... he put twenty francs on the counter . georgette fumble blindly 34 for the change . customer ( discourage ) forget it . he leave , pass gina on the terrace . she 's take a order , be particularly friendly with a customer . from he corner Joseph be follow she every move , she every gesture , talk into he dictaphone all the while . gina ( come back in to the counter ) a kir aligoté , a pastis and barley water and two mint cordial ! Joseph grab she arm as she go by . joseph ( point to the customer on the terrace ) do clarify for I .. all this coo : be it pre-nuptial or post-coital ? gina and you stupidity : be it congenital ? gina make a beeline for the bar . amélie , who feel rather helpless , smile sympathetically and prepare the drink . joseph ( into he dictaphone ) pre-nuptial . a elderly casanova be speak to gina . elderly casanova do not you worry you pretty little head , one of this day you will find you Prince charm . ( turn towards Suzanne ) every woman dream of fall asleep on a man 's shoulder ; every single one ! suzanne I ?ll go with that . but when man have have @ couple of dyink they start snore . and I have get a ear for music . elderly casanova well , funnily enough , I have just have a operation on my nasal passage . ws of suzanne wow . you really know how to romance a girl , do not you ? amélie and gina can not help but smile . elderly casanova ( upset ) well , it 's perfectly obvious that you have never know great love . suzanne if I have not , I would never have have my leave leg shorten . gina I think that be because you have a riding accident when you be in medrano . suzanne exactly . I be in love with a trapeze artist . I shovid have know : a trapeze artist always drop you at the last moment . and he drop I just as I be go into the ring . I be completely bowl over . and so be the horse . unfortunately , I be the one underneath . everyone watch she in silence . elderly casanova ( keep stubborniy to the point ) nevertheless , there be such a thing as love at first sight . suzanne there be if you make it happen . after thirty year behind this counter , I reckon I could tell you a whole lot about love at first sight . JI could even give you the recipe . everyone be listen . amelie seem to be very interested . suzanne take two regular , unattach and of the opposite sex , let they think they be irresistible to each other , allow to simmer . Works every time . amélie look first at Joseph , who 's be oblivious of all this , and then at ... georgette . voice over amélie wonder if it be not the moment to test out this particular recipe . as gina come back towards the bar , Joseph call to she as if he be just a ordinary customer . joseph Excuse ... Excuse I ! gina rolis she eye . amelie leave it . I will get it . she go up to Joseph . amelie ( in a whisper ) do not you think you have do enough damage ? joseph gina 's old enough to defend herself . amelie ( lowering she voice even more ) I be not talk about gina ... I be talk about georgette . joseph ( perplex ) georgette ..? amelie open you eye ! she 's sit there hope for the tiniest flicker of attention from you - and you , you have only get eye for gina . Joseph stare at amélie stunne . amelte the poor thing . when you look at what she have to do just to get you attention ... you must be blind ! she turn she back on Joseph . he can not help but look at georgette in the wall mirror ; it 's as if he be see she for the first time . she 's put more drop in she eye . scene 46 - int. evening - " tout va mieux " it 's close time . the chair be stack on the table . amélie sweep around the counter while georgette be lock up the cigarette stand cash register . gina be finish she make - up in the bar 's mirror , between the bottle of alcohol . gina I be off , gotta date . she leave . immediately , amélie go to georgette . georgette ( watch gina leave ) I do not know what the new one 's like but he can not be worse than the one before ... that pyromaniac who set fire to she pants . amelie Joseph 's not that crazy . he 's just suffer , that 's all . georgette two month since they break up and he 's still come in here every day ... he must enjoy suffer . amélie stare at she pretend to be surprised . georgette she take georgette amelie nooo ... do not tell I you have not notice ... look at she uncomprehendingly . amelie ( grab she by the arm ) come on . follow I . georgette to Joseph 's usual spot . georgette but ... ummm ... amelie sit down ! comply . amélie point to the big wall mirror in front of she ; the cigarette stand be reflect in it . amelie what do you see ? georgette well ... my stand . amelie and ... anything miss ? georgette stare stupidly at the reflection of she empty chair . georgette nooo ... I do not think so . amelie come on , try a bit harder . I will leave you to think about it . good night georgette . she slip away , leave georgette dubious but flustered . scene 47 - ext. evening - Street amélie stop to buy the evening paper near " tout va mieux '' . the stand be creak under the weight of all the front page dedicated to princess diana . except one that catch amélie 's eye . a expedition of mountain infantrymen have just discover , in a melt glacier , a postal sack from 30 year ago , lose in the crash of a postal plane in the early 60 ... amélie busy this paper . as she 's pay , the vendor sigh , look at the photo of Lady Di . vendor what a shame ! for once we have a princess who be young and pretty . amelie y ou mean it would not have be so bad if she have be old and ugly ? vendor well , yeah ... look at mother theresa ... dust then , Joseph walk by the stand , a baguette in he hand . vendor what about he ? he still run around after gina ? amelie no ... he 's interested in someone else now . ( look at she newspaper ) : strange , this story about the glacier ... vendor ( stick to she theme ) someone I know ? amelie yes . ( hold up the postal sack article ) do you think they be go to send the letter after all this time ? vendor someone from " tout va mieux " ? amelie uh huh . vendor not you , be it ? amelie no . vendor it can not be Suzanne . she think awhile ; she eye widen and she jaw drop as it dawns on she .. vendor nooooo ! amelie yes . scene 48 - int. evening - Raymond dufayel 's apartment hand turn the page of the id photo album . amélie and Raymond dufayel be examine the shot . amelie look , here he be again . dufayel you be right : how very strange . amélie turn a few page . the same expressionless person appear again . amelie and here ... dufayel ( read ) '' Tuesday , September 27 ; I have find he for the fourth time . " amelie ( go a few page further ) 40 here he be again ! " Thursday , November 22 ; still he . " dufayel same look ~- always so bland . amelie twelve time in all . I count . it 's very strange . why would anyone go all over the city , get they picture take again and again , if they be just go to throw they away straight afterwards ? dufayel especially when the picture be perfectly good . amelie it 's like some sort of ritual . dufayel maybe he 's obsessed with get older and it 's the only thing that reassure hin . amelie ummm ... dufayel or ... maybe he 's make regular check on the effect of a new hair cream . amelie no ... he 's dead . dufayel Dead ? amelie yes , he 's dead and he 's scared of be forget . he use the photo booth to keep he face alive in the mind of the live . as if he 's fax he picture from the hereafter . dufayel go to he easel . dufayel a dead man who 's scared of be forget ... he flip a protective paper sheet over the people in the " déjeuner des canotier " . they 's have get nothing to worry about . they have be dead for a while now but they be never go to be lose to 4l memory . amélie agree silently , and take a sip of mull wine . amelte you know what ? you girl with she glass of water ... if she seem a bit out of it maybe it 's because she 's think about someone . dufayel someone in the painting ? amelie no , more like someone she 's catch a glimpse of somewhere else . but she have this feel they be rather alike . dufayel ( needle ) in other word , she prefer to imagine she 's like someone who 's not there , rather than get to know that who be . amelie ( on the defensive ) you do not know . actually , maybe she spend ail she time fix the mixnup in other people 's life . dufayel but who 's go to fix the mix-up in she life ? amélie , off she stride , stand up and go towards the front door . amelie in the meantime , it 's better look after other people than a garden gnome . goodnight Mr. dufayel she leave . scene 49 - int. evening - amélie 's landing amélie arrive at she door at the same time as philoméne , the stewardess . philoméne be out of breath , in she uniform and carry the cat basket . philomene oh ... I be late ! amelie ( unlock she door ) do you leave he flea collar on ? 42 philomene yeah ... and go easy on the dry food , he put on a bit of weight last time ... so , be it here ? amélie nod and drag she in . she pulis out a cardboard box , already tie up , and exchange it for the cat without say a word . philomens Count on I . with a know look , the stewardess leave . scene 50 - int. night - amélie 's bedroom in bed , television on , a pensive amélie examine the id photo album with a large magnify glass . she linger every now and again over a smile ; over a enigma , like the man pose with a huge stack of bank note ; or because she 's touch by a slightly lose look . suddenly she notice that the magnify glass project a circle of light on to the wall , and that the cat be stalking it . enter the game , amélie play with rodrigue , make he dance . amélie fall asleep , the notebook on she lap . as she wake up she eye fall on the still - flicker television : on the screen we see surprising , poetic shot of a horse that have escape from its paddock to run with the lead racer of the Tour de France . as the shot be show again in slow motion , amélie hit the button on she remote , start up she vcr . scene 51 - int. day - Building stairwell as she 's walk downstairs , amélie pulis a envelope out of she bag end slip it under Raymond dufayel 's doormat . one floor down , amélie notice that the grocer have leit he key in the door of he apartment . she take the key . scene 52 - ext. day - in front of the grocer 's shop she 's drop in at the grocer 's to give he back he key . he 's serve a customer . collignon can you imagine that ? 2.8 gram of alcohol in he blood ; a chauffeur ..! ( turn towards lucien ) just go to show I be not the only one employ irresponsible cretin ! exasperate , amélie pull out the key so as to return they to the grocer . amelie Mr. collignon ... collignon hold on a second scallywag - not so good to be ina hurry this day ... tell you , you should take a leaf out of lucien 's book ... no danger of he get do for speed during work hour ... lucien wince while embarrassed customer look on . customer you should not , Mr. collignon , it 's not he fault ... collignon you be right Mrs. cauchoix , it 's Lady Di 's fault he do not sleep . you will never guess what I find in the truck ... the " trois suiss " catalogue open on the nighty page . he would cut out the face of one of the pin-up and stick on Lady Di 's instead . lucien , red as a beetroot , disappear into the back of the shop . collignon ( turn towards amélie ) so now , scallywag , what would you like today ? bunch of asparagus ? local archive ? amelie ( shaking she head ) no , nothing . she put the key back in she pocket and leave , livid . scene 53 ~- in the street amélie , furious , stride off . Inside she pocket , as in a x-ray , we see she finger feverishly play with the key . abruptly , she run into a ' jiffy Key 's advertising " key-cutte in fifteen minute " ... in the stairwell of she building : 44 here she be again in front of collignon 's door . she put the original set of key back in the keyhole . she go back down the stair . through she pocket , x-ray fashion , we see the shiny , new second set ... scene. 54 - ext. day - in front of the newspaper stand georgette be buy newspaper for the café . the vendor smile at she . vendor ( with a know air ) so , look like the migraine be better this day ... georgette umm ... yes , a little ... but you know , ' cause I do not get much sleep last night ... vendor well , anyway , you have not look so radiant in age . georgette really ? vendor ( lowering she voice ) just go to show ... a woman without love ... be like a flower without sunlight ... she just fade away . georgette be leave speechless . scene 55 - int. day - " tout va mieux " '' amélie be late for work . Suzanne and gina be behind the counter . there be very few customer . georgette be at she usual place . hipolite , in he thirty , unmshaven , a doom - poet air about he , be drink a coffee at the counter . and Joseph 's at a table have he breakfast . amelie ( enter ) it 's beautiful out gina and Suzanne look at each other and laugh . amelie what do I say ? 45 suzanne no~one who 's come in today have not say how nice it be out . hipolito it 's we fear of the day slip away that make we talk this way about the moment we have ... suzanne say that again ? joseph no ... we talk about the weather so we do not have to talk that kind of crap . hear Joseph , georgette automatically look at he in the mirror . they exchange glance and turn away just as quickly . georgette sit up a bit straighter and readjust she blouse . hipolito ' crap 's ... I write quite a bit too but unfortunately no one want to publish . suzanne still not ...? hipolito ( pull a letter from he pocket } the thirtieth ...! suzanne what about you cousin , the literary critic ? hipolito pchah !. literary critic be scorpion who live by they sting , scuttling around among vulture who live by they quill . amelie what 's you book about anyway ? Love storey ? georgette , look up from she folder of stamp , catch Joseph - who have be look at she . he immediately dive back into he newspaper . hipolito no , it 's the story of a guy who write a diary . except , instead of write what happen to he day by day , he write about the worst thing that could possibly happen to he . so he get depressed and 46 do not do anything . gina so basically it 's a story about a guy who do not do anything . georgette and Joseph look up slowly in unison . they look at each other , freeze for a split second ... still perfectly in sync. , each of they dive back into they respective activity ... hipolito here , Suzanne , let I dedicate to you the manuscript they send back . gina ( to Suzanne ) that 's it . he dedicate he manuscript and you clear he tab ! suzanne pah .. so I be exchange he chef - d'euvre for my hor ~ d'ieuvre . I be sponsor he ! hipolito ( before disappear ) thank you Madame Suzanne ... Suzanne flip through the manuscript . suzanne ( read ) " he ask himself if this be in truth the real world , or merely the phantom reflection of another world where we truly exist " . meanwhile gina have grab hold of a customer 's arm and , one by one , be crack he knuckle . gina ( to Suzanne ) know what I think ? if you get up at six every morning and work you ass off , you do not ask yourself that kind of question . amelie could I borrow it ? 2 really like this stuff about reflection . she notice that Joseph be look at georgette in the mirror . amelie ( low ) speak of reflection : some meet through the Lonely heart , and some through mirror . 47 Suzanne look at georgette , then at Joseph , stunne . scene 56 - ext. evening - in front of the grocer 's on she way home , amélie stop in front of the grocer 's when she hear collignon yell at lucien . lucien be petrify , a crate of salad in he arm . collignon no , just look at he ! TI ask he to empty the van ; but ~ stupid old I - I fail to tell he where to put every single thing ... lucien ! - shoelace ! a feverish lucien put the crate down and realize that he lace be untied . collignon there you go ... you can see when you feel like it ! I will be buggere if he dad do not piss up he old lady ... amélie , disgust , enter she building determinedly . scene 57 - int. day ~ Building 's stairwell on she way up the stair , amélie glance down the stairwell , pull out the brand new key and sneak into the grocer 's apartment . scene 58 - int. day - collignon 's apartment she tiptce around , discover the home of a obsessive bachelor . everything be old and a little dirty except the nearly - new slipper which ere perfectly line up at the foot of the bed . amélie pick they up , examine they attentively and put they back exactly where they be . then , take out they little screw , she swap the round doorknob for the rectangular one in the live room , the kitchen and the bathroom ... after this , she open a shoe cupboard and , with a nail file , file down two or three lace almost to break - point . next , she pour a little salt into any bottle of alcohol she can find . . 48 suddenly we see that amélie be be watch by someone through a paix of binocular . examine the bathroom amélie find , on the shelf over the sink , a tube of toothpaste and a tube of moisturiser for dry foot . she swap they . finally , she set the alarm clock for 5 a.m. scene 59 ~- int. day ~- collignon 's landing still on tiptoe , she leave the apartment , the tension she have build up disappear in a rush . ina flash , she '' see '' herself as Zorro gouging a " Z " into the grocer 's door with the tip of she sword . scene 60 - ext. day - commuter train it 's Sunday . on the train that 's take she to she father 's , amélie be immerse in hipolito 's collection of short storey . she find a sentence she like . voice over - hipolito " today 's emotion be no more than the slough - off skin of yesteryear 's . '' ... amélie , pensive , repeat under she breath amelie " today 's emotion be no more than the slough - off skin of yesteryear 's . " ... the ticket - collector lean over and look at she expressioniessly . ticket-collector sorry ? amelie ( pretend to divulge a secret ) '' today 's emotion be no more than the slough - off skin of yesteryear 's . " ... ticket-collector ticket please . scene 61 - int , day - - raphaél poulain 's house 49 amélie and she father be have lunch . he seem preoccupy . father ( distractedly ) and you work ? amelie you have already ask I that , dad . father yes , but you , how be you ? amelie pretty good . iI think something have change and you see , I ... ( realize that he be not listen ) ... I have have two heart attack and I have to have a abortion because I be completely out of it on crack during the pregnancy . apart from that , everything 's just fine . fateer good ... good ... amelie ( after a while ) be something wrong ? father no , nothing . amelie by the way , I notice you garden gnome be not there any more ... do he go back to the tool shed ? after a slight hesitation she father get up and , without a word , go to get a envelope from the sideboard . he pull out a Polaroid which he give to amélie . she see the gnome pose in front of the Empire State Building . she turn the photo over . father nothing . not a word of explanation . it 's terrifying : amelie maybe he just want to travel a bit ... father ( disturb ) I do not understand , I just do not understand ... 50 scene 62 - int. day - Station concourse amélie head back to Paris , in a good mood . cut through the Gare du Nord , she find a small flyer paste to the photo booth where she find nino the last time . she take a closer look . in a effort to find he album , nino have leave he number on the flyer . she glance around , unglue the flyer and put it in she bag . scene 63 - int. evening - amélie 's apartment as she open the front door amélie be welcome by the cat , who purr against she leg . she pin up the flyer in she bedroom , opposite the bed . in bed , she flip dreamily through the album again . each time she look up , she gaze fall on nino 's flyer . voice over " a normal girl would call right away . she would meet up with he outside a café , give he back he album and , after a few minute , she would know if he 's really worth dream over . that 's call face reality . and that be exactly what amélie have no intention of do . amélie fall asleep , the light on and the album open on the bedcover . two painting hang on the wall of the room ; a goat and a rabbit . the two animal come to life and turn towards each other ; they seem worried . the goat ( whisper ) she 's not fall in love on we , be she ..? on the bedside table be a smali , placid pig . it come to iife as well , turn towards the goat , sigh and nod its head . with thet , it grab the lamp - cord and turn off the light . Black . scene 64 - int. night - collignon 's apartment Black . the alarm ring . it 's five a.m . the light go on . collignon , the grocer , completely daze , get up . he stop the alarm without even look at the time . he get up , haggard , and head towards the bathroom . he automatically grab for the doorknob , which amélie have change , but he hand close around thin air . he stand there stunne , unable to understand what be happen to he . in the bathroom , blind by neon , the grocer grab what he think be the toothpaste and smear dry-feet-moisturiser on to he toothbrush . bring it to he mouth he freeze , he face betray disbelief and pure disgust . scene 65 - ext. night - in front of the grocery store leave the building , the grocer 's foot appear in the street . a thick piece of twine have replace a shoelace . the grocer , still daze , start to raise the steel shutter when all of a sudden he stop . he turn around slowly and see , at the other end of the street , the garbage truck finish its round . realising little by little that it 's still night and that everything be close , he stare stupidly at he watch as 4 nervous tic start to pulse on he eyelid . a inscription appear superimpose on the image " nervous tic , external sign of a internal breakdown " . scene 66 - ext. day - in front of the grocer 's it 's morning : the sun be out . the concierge arrive at the grocer 's . lucien , in a good mood , be take care of the customer all by himself ; but everyone be whisper . the concierge ( aloud ) what ? be not the boss here ? lucien ( whisper ) shhh ...! he 's sleep in the cauliflower ... scene 67 ~ int. day - Building stairwell amélie leave she apartment . on the ground floor , she notice that the concierge 's door be halz open . amélie hesitates , then enter .... she go to the cash register . the cat , still lie on it curl up in a ball , open one eye . amélie carefully reach over and pull out the drawer . she make off with the the long - lose husband 's love letter . scene 68 - int. day - " tout va mieux " at the café , georgette have change she eternal heavy wool cardigan for a more attractive sweater with a open neckline . she have also put on lipstick . Suzanne be hum while she polish the brass fixture , and amélie be prepare a ice cream sundae . georgette automatically look in the mirror and catch Joseph 's eye . this time , instead of turn away , Joseph get up and go towards she . amélie do not miss a moment of it . georgette ( freudian slip ) do you want I ? uhhh ... do you want ..? joseph a " seratch and win " please . georgette give he one . joseph it 's my first time . I have never do this before . georgette look , I will show you . we will do it together . she scratch , he imitate she . georgette nothing . and you ? joseph nothing ( pause} some you lose ... georgette ..- but some you win . B iong , tense silence . joseph ( point to he table ) well ... ummm , I will just go ... back amélie and Suzanne be sneaking know glance at each other . amélie , a smile hover around she lip , happily add a handful of raspberry and a dollop of whipped cream to she sundae . she put the sundae in front of a little girl , and a strawberry milk in front of she little brother . he immediately start to whimper at the sight of he sister 's sundae . the mother do not even think about it . you know it give you a tummy ache . amelie do not be jealous . I have give you some special milk . have not you notice the colour ? it come from a cow that only ever eat candy floss . ( we see , very briefly , a hand milk a udder . a stream of pink milk shoot out ) the little boy stop whining immediately and consider he glass with mark interest . amélie go to the bar , clean she tray and wipe she hand . on she way to the payphone , she discreetly slip the flyer out of she pocket . take a deep breath , she slowly dial the number . male voice " eros Club '' ? amelie I be call about the ad . male voice you wax ? amelie sorry ? male voice I be askin ' if you be wax . ' Cause this day , the crotch rug put ‘em off . amelie the what . .? male voice bikini moustache ... gotta get rid of it ! amélie , offended , hang up . scene 69 - int. day - Building 's stairwell lucien , make he delivery , ring amélie 's door to make sure that no one be home . he wait a few second , then pull out a huge collection of key from he pocket and choose one . he enter the apartment with a six - pack of mineral water . a few moment later he come out , carefully close the door and lock it , pick up another crate of grocery and head towards the stairwell . he go past the concierge who be on she way downstairs with a vacuum cleaner . lucten how do you do Mrs. walace ? the concierge oh ... you know . when you have get nothing leave to hope for he arrive at Mr. dufayel 's , ring and open the door . just then , he realize that the doormat be lumpy . he push it over with he foot and find the envelope that amélie have leave . scene 70 - int. day ~ Mr. dufayel 's apartment lucien put the grocery down in front of Mr. dufayel . we see , all jumble up , leek , tin goods , clean product , artichoke ... lucien here you be . everything you ask for . dufayel I seriously doubt it . I hate artichoke . lucien you be wrong about they Mr. dufayel . here , let I show you . lucien roll up he sleeve with a impish grin . imitating a magician , he grab the artichoke by the stem and present it to dufayel , also like a magician . carefully grab the head , he pull it off and unveil a small jar of caviar hide inside the hollow vegetable . dufayel well , now , that 's more like it . take a pre-cut can of tuna , lucien uncover a can of '' foie gras " . then he unscrew the top of a bottle of clothes - wash liquid and reveal a bottle of champagne . ua ua dufayel lucien , you be the king of magician ! lucien anyway , it 's compliment of Mr. collignon . it be not hard today , he be completely out of it . dufayel look very peeve all of a sudden . dufayel from ... " mister " collignon ??? ( xeproachfully ) . lucien ! lucien oh , sorry Mr. dufayel , I be not think . dufayel practice lucien , practice ... lucien oh no ... not today Mr. dufayel , I do not have the time ... dufayel ( authoritatively ) lucien !!! repeat after I . collignon - what a pong . lucien ( like a annoyed child ) collignon .... what a pong . dufayel very good . you turn . coliignon ...??? lucien collignon ... what a scumbag ! dufayel well there you go ... you see , when you want to ... go on ! collignon ? lucien collignon ... 's get shit for brain . dufayel verrrrry good . go on. collignon ? lucien collignon 's get shit for brain , collignon 's get shit for brain . ( then more and more quickly until the word make no more sense ) collignon 's sgotshitforbrain , collignon 's sgotshitforbrain , collignon 's sshitforbrain , 56 collignonshitbrain ... dufayel good , good . that will do for today . lucien ( like a kid finish he homework ) see you tomorrow Mr. dufayel . oh by the way ... I find this under you doormat . he pull amélie 's envelope out of the crate and hand it to dufayel , then run off . dufayel stare at the envelope suspiciously . he open it , take out a videotape , look at it from all side try to find a clue to who it could have come from . he finally decide , after much hesitation , to put it into he old , knick - knack - cover vcr . scene 71 - int. evening - dufayel 's on the screen appear a string of unusual and poetic scene : the horse that escape from he paddock to frolic among the racer of the Tour de France ; a strange and complex machine that we discover be use to stir marshmallow batter , @ little girl innocently bounce she ball against a wall cover with obscene graffiti ... dufayel seem deeply perplex . nevertheless , little by little , he start smile - barely aware that he 's do so . scene 72 - int. day - " tout va micux '' at the café , amélie notice Joseph at the counter of the cigarette-stand , scratch another " scratch and win " . joseph ( smile ) still nothing . georgette still nothing ... Joseph notice a bit of wool catch in the clasp of georgette 's chain . joseph ( murmure ) you have ... something there ... do not move . May I ...? he reach out slowly . his finger brush georgette 's neck and she blushes like a poppy . joseph {his voice alter ) 57 you be beautiful when you blush , georgette ... you look like a flower of the field . georgette it 's .. it 's . it 's just wind . they freeze . just then , a customer come in . customer hello everyone . God it 's beautiful out ! the spell be break . Joseph , red as a beetroot , scurries towards the toilet . in the toilet turn on the cold water , Joseph splashes he face . in the bar amélie have see all this . grabbing she tray , she make a beeline for the cigarette-stand . amelie camel filter pl ... oop !!! she have tip she tray over a bit too much , and coffee be now drip on georgette 's knee . amelie oh God , I be so sorry ! georgette oh , well do ! ( to the customer ) do excuse I , T 'li be xight back . muttering ell the way , she head to the toilet as well . in the toilet georgette find herself nose to nose with Joseph , who be on he way back out . the door shut behind hin , startle both of they . they stare at each other mumble unintelligibly , then , suddenly , georgette throw herself at Joseph and pin he to the wall . in the bar , at the counter amélie , one eye on the toilet door , distractedly dry the glass . suddenly a teaspoon start to tap rhythmically against the edge of a cup . amélie , dumbfounded , stare at it . she then notice that the liquid in all the bottle be rippling gently at regular interval . the yolk of a fry egg on a grill cheese be sway slightly . over the counter , a neon sign start to hiss ... and ali of this in the same regular rhythm . suddenly , from the other side of the door , a moan can be hear . the customer and Suzanne look round , amélie , thrilled , divert attention by make the percolator whistle like a locomotive . scene 73 - int. day - Raymond dufayel 's apartment as the television continue to show the picture of the clock amélie be study the painting alone . dufayel come from the kitchen with a tray in he hand . dufayel a little mull wine ... and biscuit . amelie thank you . dufayel I think I be a little hard on the girl with the glass of water the other day . amélie shrug . dufayel so , telime . this boy that she see once , have she see he again ? amelie ( embarrassed ) no , actually , they be not interested in the same thing . dufayel ( teasingly ) you know , luck be a bit like the Tour de France . you wait for age and then it go past very quickly . so when the moment come ... you have to jump the fence 59 without a second think . amélie lower she eye to avoid dufayel 's gaze , then suddenly raise they again . amelie tell I .. have you never want to paint a picture of you own ? scene 74 - ext.& int. day - eros club amélie , the album of id photo under she arm , arrive in front of a peep - show on rue de la gaité . after a moment 's hesitation , she enter uneasily . nobody be at the till . half -scare , half - amused , she look at the impose dildo , the whip and bottle of lubricant . just then , Eva , a stripper in she 30 , come out from a booth in a dress gown . amelie Excuse I , I find this album in the street and ... eva oh great ! nino 'o be over the moon ! he seem so down the other day that I nearly go to light a candle to Saint Anthony . accord to my mother , when you lose something important , Saint Anthony 's the best thing after lose property . amelie and nino ... be he here ? eva oh no , never on wednesday . he work at the foire du troéne ... amelie oh. and ... he 's be collect this photo for a long time ? eva ever since he start here a year ago . I be the one who get he this job . before that he collect cement footprint ... in answer to amélie 's stupefy stare , sne clarifies . eva yeah , he be a night - watchman , so he spend he day 60 take photo of all the place where someone have accidentally step in wet cement . we quickly see , superimpose , a hand turn the page of a photo album contain fossilize print in the cement : work boot , dog paw , child 's sandal ... eva he 's kind of weird ... when T meet he , he be Santa Claus in front of La samaritaine , and he be totally into urban legend . you know the kind of thing : " it be friend of my neighbour 's cousin . they kid be kidnap in the crowd at disneyland . they find he three month later ... with a kidney miss ! " we see , still superimpose , two guy in a bar . one of they tell the story to he friend , in perfect sync . with Eva . but we only hear she voice . eva another time he be do tele - sale , and he keep all the weird answer - phone message he hear ... we see , superimpose , nino with a receiver in he hand , listen '' you have reach the answeringah machinahh of the family of faxopytecs ... " eva and then there be the laugh ... that he let I listen to . as soon as he hear a funny laugh , he would record it ... superimpose very briefly , we hear and see @ woman with a idiotic laugh - and a child with a ringing one . amelie well ... ait can not be very easy for he girlfriend .... eva oh , he could never keep one . hard time for dreamer . at that moment another , near - naked , stripper appear at the booth door . stripper ( impatient ) Eva ! whenever you feel like ... eva ( to amélie} sorry , gotta go . thanks for the album . 61 amelie I have get a bit of time . I will take it to he myself at the foire du tréne . eva ( disappear ) up to you .. look for the transylvanian train ..! ask for nino quincampoix , like the street ! scene 75 - ext. day - foire du tréne amélie arrive at the " transylvanian train " , a ghost train decorate with vampire , skeleton , witch , etc . nino 's solex be park right next to it . amélie pick up a skip stone . she blow the dirt off , then grip it in she fist as if she be make a wish . finally she slip it into she pocket with the other before head to the ticket counter . amelie ( to the ticket seller ) hello . I be look for nino . be he here ? ticket seller nino ? oh , he do not get off until seven . amelie there 's no way I can see he before then ? ticket seller course there be . that will be fifteen francs . scene 76 - int. - ghost train so , here she be in a small wagon , slamm into the metal door . she meander in the dark amid more - or-less fluorescent monster . flapping skeleton burst out of iron coffin , plastic spider fail from the ceiling , while agonise scream and exhaust , cavernous laughter ring out ... suddenly , the image slow down and the sound disappear . nino , in a patch , black body suit , he face hide under a ski mask , climb silently into the back of the carriage ... moan in she ear like a ghost , he brushes against the nape of she neck . amélie , flustered and freeze , let it happen , close she eye . voice over " amélie can not believe that a man 's hand barely touch 62 she can make she tingle all the way up to the root of she hair . all of a sudden , life seem as heady as a seven-skip stone-skim . " scene 77 - ext. evening - in front of the ghost train it 's the end of the day . nino come out of the ghost train , dress in he normal clothes . nino ( to the cashier ) ' night marcelle , see you Wednesday . as he unlock he solex he find a piece of paper stick , with a safety pin , into the rear view mirror . he pick it up . it 's a identical series of photo of the same man , from he collection . on the back , a appointment for the next day at the Montmartre carousel ... one stipulation : he must bring a two~franc coin . scene 78 - int. night - nino 's bedroom in bed , nino seem to be asleep . on the bedside table be a four - photo series of identical id photo . amélie 's safety - pin be still stick on a corner of the photo . suddenly , they come to life . the four face of the same man turn towards nino . all four of they psssst ...- nino turn over and stare at they . all four do not you want to know more ...1 !?! nino you ... you see she do not you ? all four ( smirk ) yeah , we see she . top left she sly we into the pocket of she blouse ... bottom right against she breast ! nino and .... and ... be she pretty ? all four ( knowingly ) ummm ... not bad . top right beautiful . other three no ... just pretty ! top right no ... beautiful ! nino what do she want from I ? bottom left she 's break and she want a reward for give the album back . top right or , maybe she collect id picture too . top left that 's it . and since she 's already get we , she want to swap we for a one - eye bloke with a moustache ! the four of they crack up like schoolboy . they stop immediately when they see nino 's face . all four of course not you git . she 's in love . nino but ... but ... I do not even know she ! all four of course you do ; you do know she nino how long for ? all four a long time ago ... 64 top left ( in a whisper ) forever ... in you dream ... scene 79 - int. night - amélie ' 's room amélie , she eye wide open , can not get to sleep . suddenly , she pillow come to life . nino 's face , deform by the fold in the fabric , appear . nino turn towards she ear and wail softly like a ghost . amélie close she eye . fade to black . scene 80 - ext. day - Sacre ceur park from above , the Montmartre carousel . we watch as pigeon fly away . at ground level , nino be sit on he solex , look around searchingly . suddenly , the telephone ring in a booth . passer - by look at each other hesitantly . finally , a young woman pick up the receiver . she listen for a moment , look around and signal to nino young woman it 's for you ! amélie , hide in a café nearby , the receiver in she hand , be watch he . nino lean he solex against the booth and take the phone nino hello ? amelie' voice ( after a slight pause ) follow the arrow ! she hang up . ninc stand there stupefy , the receiver in he hand . only then do he see the arrow , draw in chalk , at regular interval on the pavement . he come out of the telephone booth and follow they . he start go up the stair to the forecourt of sacré ceur . the arrow go all the way around the park . sometimes they be draw on the ground , sometimes on the low walis , but they all 65 converge at a mime artist dress and make up to look like a egyptian statue . he be stand absolutely still , he finger point towards the horizon . nino stare up , not understanding . suddenly a child grab he trouser - leg , and recite : child when the finger point to the sky , only a fool look at the finger . and so say , the kid run away . after a perplex moment , nino look in the direction indicate by the mime , and spot a pay- telescope on the forecourt . at this point the mime , break he freeze pose , wink at nino . nino run to the telescope . suddenly recalling amélie 's note , he take a two - franc coin from he pocket and put it in the slot . look through the telescope we see amélie down below , next to he solex , rig out in a scarf and sunglass . she wave the album of picture wildly before slip it into he saddle bag . nino rush over . he run , take the stair four at a time , climb over the border , cut across the lawn ... when he arrive , out of breath , amélie have disappear . just as he grab the album , the phone booth ring again . he pick up . amelie I know who the unknown man in the photo booth be , Mr. quincampoix . nino but ... amelie he 's a ghost . no one can see he , Mr. quincampoix . he only appear on the surface of light - sensitive film . when young girl be have they picture take , he lean into they ear and wail '' ooooooocohhh " ... while he softly finger the nape of they neck . some of they be so scared that they run off before the flash . that 's when he get catch , Mr. quincampoix ... nino hello ..? but ... but who be you ??? amelie page 18 . she hang up . nino be dumb-struck . then he eye drift down to the album , which he open to page 18 . there he discover a four-picture photo-booth series of amélie : on the first , she hand be thrust towards the lens , hide she face . on the palm , write with a feel pen , be the word " would you ... " on the second , she head be out of focus because she be shaking it madly . she be hold up a piece of paper on which be write " like ... " on the third , she block the flash and appear in silhouette on e white background , on which she have write : " to meet I ... " and on the fourth be a huge question mark , draw on she belly , dot with she own belly button ... floor , nino close he album and look around . frustrate , he leap on to he solex and disappear towards the horizon . scene 81 - ext. evening - Montmartre 's merry - go-round a hour later , on the wooden merry - go-round at montmarire , amélie , flushed with pleasure , be spin around and around as if drunk on she own courage . we rise above the roof of Paris . suddenly , in unison , every single chimney begin to puff out billow smoke . they look like the funnel of cruise-liner , toot triumphantly atop they deck . scene 82 - ext. day - raphaél poulain 's house amélie 's father open he mailbox . he pulis out a envelope with a exotic stamp , which he examine suspiciously . he turn it over and over before decide to open it . it contain another Polaroid of he garden gnome , pose this time in front of the temple of angkor . he study it , mouth ajar . 67 scene 83 - int. day - " tout va mieux '' at the café , amélie , Suzanne , gina and hipolito be at the counter . georgette , glow , be listen to a song on the radio . Joseph be read the newspaper in he usual spot . joseph ( to the other ) listen to this : " a six - year - old boy run off in the middle of the night while he parent be asleep . he be drive he go - kart down the highway near munster in Germany . the boy tell the police that he just want to go and see the star .... " georgette be not life wonderful ? Joseph go back to he newspaper while georgette look at he lovingly . at the counter , everyone sneak amused glance at each other . hipolito Love at first sight be about the only thing she have not catch . suzanne ( to gina , point out Joseph ) at least this will give you a break . gina too right ... hipolito ( point to georgette} anyway , you can not say it have not give she a glow ! amélie , automatically , look at herself in the mirror over the counter ... scene 84 - int. day - eros club at the peep - show nino grill Eva , who be get ready to go home . nino apart from that , be she blonde , dark ? short , tall ? eva ummm . well medium size , she 's not a dwarf but she 's not a giraffe either , you know , normal . pretty , for 68 in answer that type of thing . otherwise , blonde or dark , difficult to say ... in any case , she 's not a redhead . well , maybe .... nino do not worry , leave it . eva but I do remember that she try oh-so - casually to find out if you have a girlfriend . to nino 's astonished stare , she teasingly add eva I tell she you be not interested ... 1 do do the right thing , do not I ? nino you do not really ... do you ?7 ? eva ( sarcastically what 's so interesting about this girl ? you do not even know she . nino the mystery ... eva ( hurt ) mystery . well you be not go to find that here .... tough shit . nino do not take it dike that . the girl I be look for do not exist anywhere else either . eva how do you know ? everyone 's suppose to have @ soulmate somewhere out there . nino I know . my soul mate ... I eat she . eva what ? nino my mother have a ultrasound scan when she be pregnant . there be two of we . my sister and I . two perfectly distinct foetuse . but at the end of the nine month , 69 who be the only one leave ? I eva but ... what about you sister ? nino ( confidentially ) accord to the doctor , I eat she ... Eva look at he suspiciously and a little perturb . scene 85 - ext. evening - in the street amélie go home . on the pavement , she walk past the blind man and smile at he . he obviously do not see she , but he recognize the perfume in she wake and smile a beat later scene 86 - ext. evening - in front of the grocer 's amélie wait she turn in front of the display at the grocer 's . lucien be serve a customer . the customer and a pound of apricot . lucien here , let I get you that over there , they be much nicer . collignon ( revve up ) oh , yes , the gentleman be a artist . for the last two week I have be watch he leave every evening with @ ton of unsold produce . I be start to wonder if he have not win a pig at the ham fair ... no no ! the gentleman be take draw lesson by correspondence course . he spend all day sell leek and all night draw rotten turnip ..! ( he turn to amélie ) what be I s'pose to do with a walk vegetable ? amélie look away , upset by the grocer ' 's remark . her gaze falis on a basement window . voice over '' a wonderful street prompter , just like in the theatre , hide behind each basement window , ready to give the perfect caustic remark . that 's what shy people need so that they can get in the last word ... '' ( we see instead of the basement window , a prompter 's box . =nside , a man with he hand cup around he mouth ) 70 the prompter ( prompt ) well you will never become a vegetable ... because even a artichoke 's get a heart ! amélie approve with a wink . amelie well ... at least you will never become a vegetable ... because even a artichoke 's get a heart ! all the customer look at the stunne grocer and laugh out loud . the grocer himself literally disintegrate and fall into million of piece ! ( special effect ) scene 87 - int. evening ~ Building 's stairwell in she stairwell , amélie take out the copy of the key and enter the grocer 's apartment . scene 88 - int. evening - collignon 's apartment once she 's shut the door she pull from she bag a pair of dish - wash glove that she put on determinedly , like a professional burglar . in the bedroom , she slide from she bag a pair of slipper like that at the foot of the bed , and swap they . then she unplug the desk lamp , slide a pin through the extension cord and break the protrude tip of the pin . then she change all the number store in the memory of the telephone , finally , she unscrew all the light bulb in the bedroom and replace they with other from she bag . satisfied , she take off she glove and leave the apartment on tiptoe , ( still spy on by the same pair of binocular ... ) scene 89 ~ int. night - dufayel 's apartment Raymond dufayel , thoughtful , lower he binocular . he 's the one who 's be spying on she visit to the grocer 's 71 scene 90 - int. night - amélie 's apartment sitting on the sofa in she live room , amélie start read the love letter write by the concierge 's husband - the one she steal earlier on . voice over - husband ( barrack atmosphere . we hear , in the background , the sound of boot ) " dear mado ... with every day , you absence be harder and harder to bear . I be exile , in a desperately khaki world . I no longer sleep , I no longer eat ... " amélie be now lie on the sofa , chew on a straw which emerge from a glassful of milk . letter be strewn all over the floor . volce over ~- husband ( we hear a american film on television ) '' I have make the worst mistake of my life by go on this training , which will keep I from my beloved wife for five interminable week . I think about you all the time . you adrien ... " here , amélie be sit on the toilet , other letter on she lap . voice over - husband ( sound of a train trip ) " good news mado dearest . in just a little while , I will earn a decent enough live to buy a car , and I will be able to come home and sleep with you every night . in the meantime , I hope you be come here on Friday night ." amélie be lie on the bed in front of the light , but silent television . voice over - husband ( outdoors atmosphere - countryside ) I have turn down the money from my last commission , since I leave so suddenly . I find myself dream of better day that be go to come soon . a orange ~ coloured day , do you remember my dearest mado ? you adrien , who have never love you so much . scene 91 - int. night - concourse of the train station amélie , alone on the concourse , photocopy the concierge 's letter . scene 92 - int. night - amélie 's apartment amélie be sit in she kitchen . before she : a pile of ew photocopy , a pair of scissors , glue , and blank sheet of paper . she choose certain sentence or part of sentence , sometimes even just a simple word , and cut they out meticulously with scissors . she then glue all the piece on to a piece of white paper . scene 93 - int. night ~ concourse of the train station she photocopy she collage in the concourse of the Gare du Nord . scene 94 - int. night - amélie 's apartment amélie soak the photocopy in a tub of strong tea to yellow they . afterwards , she hang they up on the clothesline and dry they with the hair dryer . she be finally finish . tire but happy , she start to switch off the light , get ready to go to bed . pass the window , she glance over into Mr. dufayel 's live room . she grab the telescope . dufayel be put the finish touch on the girl with the glass of water . amélie smile and lower the telescope . below , dufayel put he paintbrush down , pick up he binocular and , in turn , spy on amélie . in the binocular-lens , the clothes - pin letter be sway siowly . scene 95 ~ ext. day ~ Street next day . amélie be walk down the street . suddenly she stop , dumbfounded . on a wall be a little flyer - " where and when ? " ~ with the photo , blow up , of she own belly button dotting the question mark . amélie blushes as she eye meet that of the passer - by , and she step up the pace . on the way to the metro , other flyer be exhibit she beliy button . embarrass , she hurry to rip they down and shove they in she pocket . then she dive down the metro stair . scene 96 - ext. & int . - Street and train station concourse voice over '' Fifteen minute later , at 22 Blvd . Strasbourg , amélie enter 4 costume shop . at the same moment , at 108 rue de Martyrs , a man leave he house . " we only see he foot . the man be wear red trainer decorate with a white star ... ( we recognize the man that nino chase through the concourse of the Gare du Nord . ) voice over " at 10 : 15 , amélie be on the escalator at the havre caumartin metro station . she can not help stare enviously at the child run up the down escalator . meanwhile , in rue des petit champ the man in red trainer , at the wheel of he citroén g7 van , be brake rhythmically so as to get a better look at the blonde at the wheel behind he . " ( the sky be black and stormy . the red brake light shine on the female driver . we see only the man' eye in the rear view mirror . ) voice over " eighteen minute later , amélie arrive at the photo booth at the Gare de l'est . " ( we see she spin the stool at top speed to adjust the height ) voice over " at the same second , the man with red trainer parellel - park perfectly , in front of the station , disturbing two sparrow take they bath in the gutter . " lightn rip open the sky . voice over " it be exactly 37 minute past 10 ... " amélie 's hand slide coin into the machine 's slot . the double door of the station concourse open . the trainer with the white star appear . a flash illuminate amélie , deck out in @ Zorro mask . the man 's foot approach the photo booth . the image go into slow motion . amélie take off she mask , grab the curtain of the booth with both hand ... 14 she open they . the curtain ring clink ... amélie freeze , mouth agape ... lightn illumine the sky , thunder roar ! it 's as if the Gare de l'est have be strike by lightning !!! we recognize the man with the red trainer . it 's the mystery man whose picture keep on come back in nino 's album . amélie look he over from head to toe , and a smile light up she face . voice over " at this precise moment in the story , amélie be the only one to know the solution to the mystery of the unknown man of the photo booth .... " " scene 97 - int. day - the concierge 's apartment it 's morning . at the entrance of the building , the concierge be polish the copper knob of the stairwell railing . the postman arrive and start to distribute mail in the mailbox . post man good morning Mrs. walace . how be you this morning ? concierge it 's always better when it 's not raining . post man ( hand she a envelope ) here , this be for you . the concierge go in and call she cat ... she open the envelope . we recognize the letter that amélie type . she read it . voice over ~ male dear Mrs. walace follow the recent discovery of a postal bag lose when a postal plane disappear on the 12th of October 1964 in the cordilleras of the ande , the mail be pleased to be able to send you the attach letter thet be address to you , please forgive we for this unusual delay . Jacques grosjean , director of Public Relations . 75 a second envelope be attach . the concierge open it , move . here be amélie 's yellow cut - and -paste job . slowly , she sit down on a chair and start to read ... voice over - husband ( different background noise train , barrack , television film , etc . that be play accord to amélie ' 's cut - and - paste like edit sound track . ) " mado dearest , I be in exile , I no longer eat , I no longer sleep , I think about you all the time . I live know that I have commit the worst error of my life . I have turn down the money and this woman . if everything go as plan , in a very short while I will earn a decent enough live to buy a house ; and I find myself dream that better time be on they way soon , and that you will forgive I , and that you will come here one day . a orange-colored day ... you adrien who have never love you so much . " the concierge , overwhelm , let the letter drop . in tear , she pick up the portrait of she husband and study it . then , she compulsively take the bottle of ajax window cleaner out of she pocket , spray the glass once and wipe it lovingly . scene 98 - int. day ~ Mr. dufayel 's apartment dufayel be painting , face he model of the " déjeuner des canotier " . lucien burst into the apartment with a step -ladder . he 's hold a manila envelope between he tooth . lucien even Mr. dufayel . here , you have get some more mail . he stick he jaw out and dufayel take he envelope , which be strangely similar to the first . as dufayel discreetly wipe off lucien 's spit with he sweater , lucien be set up the stepladder to change a light bulb in the ceiling fixture . lucien do you hear what happen to the concierge this morning ? dufayel a letter . lucien from she husband ! date forty year ago ! dupfayel ( smile ) I see . lucien climb down from the stepladder with the burnt - out bulb in he hand . lucien here you go , it 's do for . it 's a shame that light bulb do not last as long as star ... I hear we can still see they million and million of year after they die . dufayel you be interested in star now ? lucien I see a documentary on telly at mum 's . lucien set himself up next to dufayel at a second easel , which be cover by a protective sheet of paper . he lift it up . we see another copy of the " déjeuner des canotier " , but it 's a freer copy , more awkward and naive but much more personal and creative . underneath , we can make out faint sketches of turnip and other vegetable . lucien set to work . lucien ( apologeticaily ) the still - life be a little boring , Mr. dufayel . dufayel look over lucien 's work irritably . dufayel maybe so , but in the meantime you would be better off pay more attention to you dry coat . oil on dry ~ always - never the opposite ! they work in silence for a moment . dufayel can not help but keep glance at lucien 's work . lucien Mr. dufayel ? dufayel mruem . lucien in the newspaper they say there 's go to be a new star in the sky soon . dufayel ye-e-e 's , and ... 7 lucien it 's the Americans . they be go to take the ash of the rich who get cremate and , you see ... they be go to put it into orbit and it will shine like a star ... for ever . dufayel , wound up , put he paintbrush down . lucien do you think they will do that with Lady Di ? dufayel ( explode ) argghh ! God you can be a pain sometimes ! I cantt concentrate , dammit ! ok , that 's it , go on , finish for today ! lucien do not object and take off . dufayel , mutter , grab the envelope and head toward the television . he open the envelope , take out the videocassette and slide it into the vcr . scene 99 - int. day - Mr. dufayel 's apartment ( tv screen ) on the television screen , other incredible , unusual and poetic image follow one after the other . a document from the 20 show a young Indonesian girl , sway in a strange ballet , in front of a enraged cobra . she manage to kiss he head at each of he attack . on another archive film from the beginning of the century , the Queen of have to walk across a muddy field . footmen wade through the mud , break they back to move two plank . as the Queen walk on one , they lay the second one in front of she , and so on . thus she majesty be never interrupt in she siow but queenly progress . the image stop , leave just static . amuse and intrigue , dufayel stop the vcr pensively . just then , a voice can be hear outside . amelie' voice rodrigue ! rodrigue scene 100 - ext. day - Building 's courtyard amélie , lean out of the window , be shaking a box of dry cat food . the stewardess 's cat walk back , balance in the gutter . amélie grab he . just then , she glance over at Mr. dufayel 's window ; he 's there and nod to she . fluster , amélie disappear quickly with the cat . 28 scene 101 - int. evening - collignon 's apartment it 's the end of the day for collignon the grocer . he sit in he armchair , take off he shoe , massage he foot and finally slip on he slipper . ( the one that amélie have change ... ) but to he surprise , they seem to have shrink , or maybe he have swollen ... collignon look anxiously in the mirror . he go into he bedroom ( where amélie have change the light bulb ) , turn on the light . but the light be much dimmer than usual . collignon remain at the doorway , stunne . be he sight go ? he notice he desk lamp be unplugge ( the one where amélie have stick the needie in the cord ) . he go nearer , perturb , as he plug in the lamp , the light bulb explode and the fuse blow . later , depressed , he be sit on he bed . feverish , he hesitantly push the memory button on he telephone label " Mom " . we hear the electronic beep and a voice answer male voice psychiatric emergency , how may I help you ?... collignon , he hand tremble , hang up , grab a bottle of vodka ( into which amélie have pour some salt ) and pour himself a glass . he throw back a mouthful of ... salt ... which he spit straight back out , on the verge of a breakdown ... scene 102 - int. day - raphaél poulain 's garden the next morning , amélie 's father , pretend to garden , be anxiously watch for the postman . the postman errive and hand he a envelope . raphaél poulain hurry to open it . this time the garden gnome be pose in front of the kremlin in Red Square . amélie 's father , completely bewilder , lay the new pelaroid on the sideboard . the kremlin meet up with the Empire State Building , the angkor temple , kilimanjaro and the Hotel luxor in Les Vegas ... scene 103 ~ ext. day - outside " tout va mieux " wheeling a small suitcase behind she , philoméne the stewardess stop in front of the terrace of '' tout va mieux " . amélie go to meet she . philoméne give amélie a package . we see the garden gnome 's foot stick out of the box . philomene so , mission accomplish ? amelie perfect ! you could not have do better . philomene and the result ? amelie we be get there . philomene in any case , I be ready to do it again whenever you want . now the harm 's do . amelie what do you mean ? philomene ( smile ) snow White . that 's what they all call I now . amélie laugh . philomene I be leave again in 3 day , could you keep rodrigue a while longer ? scene 104 - ext. & int. day - Street , supermarket , station concourse nino be pedale furiously on he solex . here he be at a supermarket photo booth , stick up he flyer ' where and whe n2 " . he can not resist glance over into the dustbin , under the suspicious gaze of the security guard . in the rain , he glass drench , he slalom through the traffic jam . another photo booth , another flyer . still on he solex , he grab a pass refuse truck for a free ride . at the photo booth of the Gare de l'est , have stick up he flyer , he pull out , with the help of a long ruler , the piece of a picture stick behind a pillar . one last sprint on he solex and here he be at the peep show . scene 105 - int. day - eros Club as raincoate customer , overnight bag in hand , slip in and out of the booth , nino meticulously reconstitute the tear photo as 80 if it be a puzzle . Little by little , we recognize a young woman with a lovely décolleté , wear a Zorro mask . she be hold a piece of paper in she hand : " Cafe ' tout va mieux ' . I be often there in the afternoon after 4:00 . " nino study it , impressed . nino ( push the intercom button ) Eva , could you handle the till tomorrow afternoon ? scene 106 - int. day ~- tout va mieux Suzanne and amélie be busy behind the counter . amélie , nervous , look at the clock anxiously . it 's 4:10 ... gina serve customer . Joseph , at he usual place , be in a bad mood . he 's still get he dictaphone , and be make a sotto voce commentary . suzanne ( to georgette ) what 's wrong with he ? georgette he think I smile too much . suzanne he would prefer you to scowl ? georgette with man , yes ... 4:11 accord to the clock . amélie be more and more nervous . voice over " nino be jate . for amélie , there be only three possible explanation : first , he have not find the photo yet .... ( we see the wind scatter the debris amidst the dust ) " second , he find it but could not put it back together again ... ( we see nino pull he hair out ) " third , he do not have time to finish put it back 81 together because three bloke with ski-mask come out of a bank just as he be go past and grab he as a hostage . once the cop be off they track , they throw he out of the car . he roll to the side of the motorway and he head hit the crash barrier . when he come to , he could not remember anything . a ex-con lorry - driver pick he up and , think that he be on the run , hide he in a container bound for Istanbul . get off the cargo ship , he fall in with a bunch of estonian adventurer who offer to take he with they to steal Soviet warhead . but they truck hit a mine in Chechnya and he be the only survivor of the blast . and , since he have be take in by a village of mountain people , amélie really do not see why she 's get inte such a state for a guy who 's go to spend the rest of he life eat borscht with a stupid flowerpot on he head ... " ( we see the whole adventure very rapidly ) suddenly amélie 's face light up . nino pop up all of a sudden , completely out of breath . he sit down at the terrace and look around , stare at the passer - by . a beautiful girl come towards he . nino freeze ... but she go past he . a very tarty girl approach he . nino be terrorise . but all she want be a chair . he start breathe again ... not for one second do he suspect that , behind the counter , someone be eat he up with she eye . amélie be hang on he every move . twice , he almost spilis he coffee . amélie find he clumsiness incredibly move . almost as much as the up - and - down of he Adam 's apple when he swallow . fluster , she wash a glass , wipe it and immediately put it back in the dirty dish - water .... amélie examine nino , he hand he eye , he clothes . voice over '' that little stain on he coller , thet shirt button hang by its thread ... she would be so happy to fix that little thing ! " as not drink he coffee , a little froth stay on he lip . voice over - amelie " tf not have not wipe it off in five second , everything be finish between we . one ... two ... Three ... four ... " nino wipe he lip . amélie be thrilled ... gina be watch she , surprised . amélie try to put on a good front by bustling about even more . after a slight hesitation , she take a deep breath and waik towards he , to get a closer look . here she be , just a few centimetre away from he , but ... on the other side of the window . nino turn round . amélie 's attitude change immediately . pretend to be completely indifferent she start , with practise dexterity , to write up the next day 's menu backwards on the window . menu du jour guf mimosa veau marengo tarte tatin nino look away . amélie be overcome by emotion and she write become a scrawl . voice over - amelie " now he 's go to put he teaspoon down . then he will lick the tip of he finger to pick up the last bit of sugar on the table . after that , he will turn eround slowly , he will look at I and then ... he will recognize I . " nino put he teaspoon down . he lick the tip of he finger and pick up the last bit of sugar on the table . amélie hold she breath . nino intuitively , turn round slowly . he look at she a long while . amélie be like a statue behind the window . nino stand up and slowly approach . nino ( he voice mute through the window ) it 's you . amelie ( also through the window ) what 's I ? nino pull out amélie 's Zorro photo . nino be it you ? voice oqver - amelie and here , obviously , I be go to say , " yes , it 's I . " she write on the window : " yo " then she fake a " so sorry " face . nino , disappointed , go pathetically back to he seat . behind the bar , amélie drop she head into she hand , ashamed of she cowardice . with nothing leave to lose , she rip off a piece of paper and scribbles a few word . she grab gina by the elbow and , point to nino , give she the piece of paper . the next moment gina , thrilled to be the accomplice in a affair , slip the paper discreetly into nino 's pocket . she flash he a smile as she go by . at he table , Joseph , who have see it all , nod he head in disgust . after a last look at he watch , nino leave regretfully . and here , amélie literally liquefy and fall to the floor ina puddle . ( special effect ) scene 107 - int. evening - Raymond dufayel 's apartment we be look at the renoir painting ; more specifically the young girl drink the glass of water and the two man behind she . dufayel so , which one be you gentleman-caller ? the tall one with the top hat ? amelie certainly not . that 's the nasty man who like spend he time humiliate people who can not defend themselves . but he 's pay for it . dufayel so it 's the other one ? the boy raise he hand ? amelie yes . dufayel ( pause ) be she in love with he ? 84 amelie ( blush ) yes . dufayel in my opinion , I think the time have come for she to take a real risk . amelie that 's just it , she 's think of do just that . she 's try to come up with a plan to dufayel no , no , no . she be tell herself that it be high time to drop the plan . and if you ask I , she 's finish she glass to give herself enough courage before stand up , turn towards he , bare she soul completely , and tell he how she feel amélie be speechless . scene 108 ~ ext. night - St. Martin canal on the edge of the canal , a thoughtful amélie skip stone , unload all the stone store up at the bottom of she pocket . scene 109 - int. night - amélie 's apartment back home , distraught , she turn on the television . two famous politician be debate . amélie , minister the real question be whether or not amélie poulain want to spend the rest of she life as a introverted young woman . member of the opposing party true . but this be not a pretext for thoughtless action ! upset , change the channel . there be a black and white Polish film with subtity . two dangerous look man be talk . sub -titles of the first man for amélie , it 's too late krzysztof . 85 sub - title of the second ok Zbigniew . Raymond dufayel be wrong . if amélie fail , she will never get over it . sub -titles of the first no , never . amélie change the channel again . it 's a documentary about baby turtles try to reach the river bank . commentator ( fatalistic ) they have get to believe in what they be do . they have to try ... amélie change the channel . Close - up of a sweat rugby player with half he ear rip off . rugby player ( heavy southern accent ) if you do not try , you will never win . amélie change the channel ... it 's interville . a terrify contestant hesitates before diving into a huge pile of blow - up rabbit . game show host ( beam ) the hardest part be the first step ! she change channel nervously . it 's a literary talk show guest speaker ( excited ) quincampoix be a loner , a collector of the useless ! you have to understand that he 's passionate about mystery ... so it 's only to be expect that , once amélie poulain be no longer a enigma to he , he will lose interest in she . amélie turn the television off , even more confuse . scene 110 - int. day ~ Raymond dufayel 's apartment Close - up of the clock tick the second away . suddenly the picture move and pan slowly across the inside dufayel 's apartment and stop on a close - up of .. , lucien concentrate on he painting . dufayel , lose in think , observe he . after a while , lucien look up and see the television screen . lucien ( uneasy ) 86 what be you do Mr. dufayel ? dufayel tell I lucien , my boy ... for you delivery , do you still have the key to the other apartment ? scene lil - int. day - Station concourse determined , amélie walk confidently towards the photo booth at the Gare St. lazare . sitting inside , amélie open she change purse and pull out a old rusty nail , a screw and a paper clip . after one final hesitation , she slip they into the coin slot of the machine . then , she call from a phone booth . amelie hello ... hello . I be call to tell you that one of you machine be out of order . no , it 's not work . it 's jamme ! ( fake annoyance ) : and it 's not the first time , either ... Gare St. lazare , in the wait room ... that 's it . and when will it be fix ? scene 112 - int. day - eros club at the eros Club , samantha be shimmy naked on a narrow stage , in front of the one - way booth mirror , to the beat of syrupy music . at the till , nino be give a customer he change for a inflatable play~mate . nino would you like a automatic air pump with that ? customer uhh ... no , no ... ( he run off ) nino hit the button on the sputtering intercom . nino samantha ..? samantha , can you hear I ? the intercom start whistling . nino , irritate , get up . in the booth , samantha continue she number , wiggling she bottom in front of anonymous window . suddenly , behind the window of the service door , she see nino 87 scream something . nino ( from inside a booth ) can you take over this afternoon at 4:00 ? samantha shake she head : she can not hear he . nino fumble in he pocket and pulis out a piece of paper , and scrawl on it " can you stand in for I this afternoon ? " he hold it up to the window , only then do he discover the note from amélie that gina slip into he pocket , with the message on the back " meet I at 5:00 on Tuesday in front of the wait room photo booth at the Gare St. lazare " scene 113 - int. day - Station concourse fast zoom towards the enormous clock at Gare St. lazare . it 's 5:00 . nino , nervous , be pace near the occupy photo booth . amélie , hide further away behind the newspaper stand , watch he ... a man be inside the machine . we only see he foot , stick out from under the curtain . get closer , we discover that he be wear red trainer with 4 white star ... suddenly a flash spark four time ... nino look away from the photo booth to study the passer - by . a fat woman with a little dog , a sexy girl in a hurry ... 5:04 , still no amélie . suddenly , nino freeze . slowly he turn towards the photo booth and study the red trainer . they remind he vaguely of something ... and why do not the man come out of the booth ? nino approach slowly . we hear metallic noise , iike the sound of tool ... nino get even closer , even more intrigue . just then , the damp photo slip down into the holder . nino automatically glance over ... 88 ... and almost faint ... it 's the unknown man ! the man from the recur photo ! nino open the curtain and unveil he in the flesh . behind the newspaper , amélie do not miss a second . the unknown man just a second , I be almost finish . he lean over and start to put screwdriver , wrench and plier away in he tool box . voice over " the unknown photo Booth man be neither a ghost nor a man obsessed with hair loss : it be simply the repairman ... just a technician do he job ... that 's all . " the man leave the booth , glance uneasily over at nino , remove the picture , verify the quality . satisfied , he crumple they and throw they into the close dustbin . then he head off , again look suspiciously at nino , who be stare at he , stunne ... amélie , still hide behind the pillar , be tear . force herself , she decide to come forward . nervous beyond all description , she walk straight towards nino . still shocked by he discovery , he do not see she come . when there be only a few metre leave , a convoy of little luggage wagon come between they . it 's too much for she : she grab the chance to hide . voice over - amelie sissy !... wetty !... pathetic blob ! but all be not lose ! amélie take a deep breath , close she eye ... voice over - amelie one , two , Three , four , five ..! she open she eye , determine . no nino . scene 114 - int. day ~ tout va mieux at the café , Suzanne be alone behind the counter . amélie be not there . gina go to georgette for a pack of cigarettes for a customer . georgette just look at he .... he never stop spying on I ! it 's make I ill ... I can not even breathe anymore ! gina sneak a peek into the mirror : Joseph be stare at the two of they , recording he comment on the dictaphone . gina squeeze georgette 's hand . gina ( in a whisper ) hang on in there . gina go to the terrace to serve another customer . he grab she wrist . it 's nino . nino ( pull out amélie 's note ) you slip this into my pocket the other day , do not you ? gina yes . but I be not the one you be look for . nino look at she inquiringly . gina shake she head . gina she 's not here . she go to see she dad . nino where can I find she ? gina ( hesitate ) I would like to tell you one or two thing first . 1 get off at 6 . can you come back then ? Joseph shoot she a murderous look , glance at the wall - clock and record a comment . scene 115 - ext. evening - raphaél poulain 's garden raphaél poulain be napping in he garden chair . through the open window , the radio be play american jazz from the twenties .. in he sleep , he hear the fence squeak . a few moment later , he wake up . the door be open . he get up with difficulty and go 90 to close it . then he freeze , as if strike by a presentiment . he turn round slowly : the garden gnome have take up he former place on the pedestal ... scene 116 - int. evening - " tout va mieux " hipolito be at the counter . Suzanne be serve the customer alone , spying on the full - scale lover 's quarrel between Joseph and georgette . joseph that 's right ... the fair-haire bloke with the suede jacket , he be ' just absent minded 's as well ... georgette what do you mean " as well " ...? josepe because he come back three time in the same afternoon " as well '' ... georgette yeah ... once for cigarettes , once for a lottery ticket and the last time ... the last time I do not know why ... joseph that 's what I think . georgette stop it ! stop it ! my red blotches have start again ! I hope you be happy ! she run over to Suzanne , georgette Suzanne ... look ... just look at my red blotches ... they be start again ! he 's drive I crazy ... joseph if you be not so guilty you would not get into such a state . georgette zt can not stand it anymore ! I can not ... anymore ! I be go home !!! she storm out and disappear . suzanne ( to Joseph ) to stop suffocating she like this ! a woman 's get to breathe a bit . josepr that 's right - she 'il start by want to breathe , and then she will start want a change of air . hipolito a change of air ... be pretty fair .... joseph ( aggressively ) and you , you fail writer ... hipolito fail writer ... fail life ... how I love the word " fail " ... that 's the way human destiny unfold , through failure . joseph will you listen to he ! hipolito and from one failure to the next we become accustom to never get past the first draft . life 's just the endless rehearsal of a play that will never be perform ... josepr oh , yes , keep it up ! 1 bet he do not even write that ! hipolito you would be surprised . JI do have a few original idea , but someone else always steal they . it 's like you and woman . joseph what the hell be that suppose to mean ??? hipolito that you should start get use to it . joseph hold on , speak for yourself ... you £... suzanne ok , enough of this performance ! at that moment , amélie come in , she stare at the surprised . scene , amelie what 's go on ? suzanne oh nothing . georgette 's go for a breath of air and Joseph be have a turn ! joseph a breath of air ... like hell ! she 's go for some fresh blood be more like it ... just like gina ... do you know what gina 's up to ??? everyone look at he in stupefaction . joseph she 's also have a breath of air . with that guy she pick up yesterday while she be '' work " the terrace . J see both part of she little manoeuvre . first the note in the jacket pocket : 16:45 . that way the guy come back today at 15:12 , they set up a date for 17:00 and then away you go ... no one see , no one know and then they be off have a_ breath of air ! amélie go white . scene 117 - ext. evening - in the street gina be walk alongside nino , who be push he solex . gina what worry I a bit about amélie be that I think you be pretty nice . nino in what way ? gina generally speak , the more I like a guy the less mentally structure he turn out to be . nino oh , really ? gina and when I find one that 's completely irresistible , that mean he 's ripe for the asylum . nino lucky I be only nice . gina anyway , I would like to know a little more about you . wino like what ? gina do not know . nino ask I some question , then . gina umm .. what do not a swallow make ? nino ( surprised ) what do not a .. spring ? gina what can not you judge a book by ? nino a book ... umm ... its cover . gina not bad . nino any more where that come from ? gina in my family , we have always say that someone who 's good at proverbs can not be all bad . nino and amelie ? you know she well ? gina I be get to know she a bit . she 's not exactly wild , but you do have to tame she . scene 118 - int. evening - Building entrance amélie , look emotionally wear out , get ready to climb the the concierge , dress to the nine and in a state of come out of she apartment . 94 the concierge ah ... the pretty girl from the fifth floor ! I just have to tell you something unbelievable ... do you believe in miracle ? amelie not today , no . the concierge ( lowering she voice ) and what if I be to tell you that a climb expedition in the cordilleras of the ande have discover irrefutable proof that my husband love I ... ? amelie oh ... realily ..? the concierge come in and have a Port , I will tell you the whole secret . amelie no , thank you . another time , I would rather get home . she start to climb the stair slowly . the concierge do not worry so much . life 's full of surprise ! scene 119 - int. night - amélie 's apartment she double - lock she door . she go to the table and pick up the flyer that nino paste up everywhere . she crumple they up and throw they away . notice one last flyer stick in the mirror frame , she grab it and rip it up furiously . only then do she catch a glimpse of she face in the mirror ... voice over '' that nervous twitch of anncyance : amélie discover it for the first time . but she know it well ~ she see it so often on she mother 's face . suddenly , it be as if she have just see how she might end up if thing do not change . it be exactly what it take to do she in at this precise moment . " 95 not want to get depressed , she head straight for the kitchen and , recipenbake before she , she start feverishly collect the requisite tool and ingredient for a kougnamann . ( it 's a traditional breton cake ) . she open she jar of vanilla ... perfect : it 's empty . as she be feverishly break egg and add butter , we see superimpose behind she what she be dream of ... nino be walk in the rain , cover he head with he raincoat . he go into collignon 's grocery . nino a vanilla pod , please . lucien have replace collignon . dress like he , the pencil behind he ear , he have take on the confidence but not the arrogance . collignon , a little lose in the back room , be carry crate . lucien ( smile ) be it for miss amélie ? I bet she 's make she famous kougnamann . collignon will get that for you . collignon , servile , obey feverishly . still superimpose behind amélie , who be knead the dough , nino go back out into the rain with the fruit , climb the stair four at a time . he arrive on the landing , go into the apartment , change he mind , come back to the door to wipe he foot on the mat , come back in for the second time and slowly go to the kitchen ... he stretch out he hand ... push the door ... ... which really do open ... amélie , she hand fill with flour , stop , she mouth agape . the door stop open ... nobody . amélie lower she eye : it 's just the cat come in to rub up against she leg . amélie 's chin start wobble like a littie girl who 's go to cry . large teardrop fall into the flour . scene 120 - ext. night - in the street gina and nino be still walk side by side . gina when she first start to work there we would take the metro home together a lot . it 's impossible to get she to speak about herself . she have a much easier time talk to complete stranger , or the paper-seller . nino I can understand that ... when I be little , I have bino . gina albinos ?!? nino no , binocular - to see with . I use they both way to bring faraway thing closer and to push away thing that be close . it be a kind of reflex . gina so ...? nino well , when amélie talk more easily to a stranger than to someone she know , she 's do the same thing . gina , intrigue , look at he . gina ( point to a building behind nino ) she life there . fifth floor on the right . scene 121 - int. night - amélie 's apartment teary -ey , she be knead the dough angrily the doorbell ring . amélie tiptoe towards the door . the bell ring again . nino amélie ! open up , I know you be in there . amélie do not answer . she 's freeze . in the hallway : nino listen . we hear the wooden floorboard creak softly . his ear against the door , he hear amélie try to hold she breath . he pull out a piece of paper and scribbles a word . in the apartment : 97 amélie , intrigue , hear a pen scratch against the door . suddenly a piece of paper appear under the door . she read " I be come back ... " we hear nino 's footstep walk away . Paper in hand , she go carefully to the window . nino appear in the street . he turn back towards she window . amélie immediately hide behind the curtain . below , nino , he hand in he pocket , cross the street and camp out on the opposite sidewalk . amélie , confuse , go back to she baking . just then the telephone , which we have never see or hear before , ring . amélie be take aback . she go back to the window . nino have not move . the ringing continue . amélie go slowly towards the sofa . she rummages in a huge pile of pillow and book from which she finally unearth the phone . she pick up the receiver cautiously . male voice go to you room miss poulain . the line be cut . amélie be at a loss . she walk slowly to she room and turn the light on . all the lamp be aim at she vcr . the pig on she bedside table be position as if he be point to the " play '' button . amélie , hesitatingly , press the button . Raymond dufayel 's face , in close - up , appear on the screen . dufayel my little amélie ... ever since I be @ child , I have be in the habit of stay outside the picture , where other people can not touch I . I know it 's be the same for you , the oniy difference be that you do not have glass bone . you can risk get hurt : you will not break into a thousand shard . but if you let this chance get away , with time you heart will become as brittle and fragile as my bone . so , go ahead for God 's sake ! it 's now or never , little amélie ... plunge into life head first !!! 98 the picture disappear , leave static . amélie remain freeze for a long moment . then , suddenly , she leave she room and rush to the window . below , nino have disappear . amélie rush to the door ! she open it and dive into ... nino . as he start to speak , amélie put a hand to he mouth to shush he . then , she kiss he lightly on the neck , then under the eye , then on the corner of the mouth . she close she eye and wait she turn ... as he stand there freeze , she point to the corner of she mouth , leave a flour print . so nino kiss she exactly the same way , at the same rhythm . then amélie grab nino by the neck and kiss he wildly , drag he into she room . the stewardess 's cat look on , miff . scene 122 - int. night - Mr. dufayel 's apartment we see amélie and nino 's silhouettes in the window - through binocular . Raymond dufayel , satisfied , put they away . just then , he see on the television screen the same image of amélie and nino ... he turn around . lucien , he eye glue to the camcorder 's eye - piece , be watch the scene as well ... dufayel clear he throat loudly . lucien , embarrassed , move the camcorder away . dufayel lucien my boy , tonight we be dining on artichoke and detergent ! later : pop ! dufayel uncork the champagne that lucien have hide in the bottle of detergent . on the table be canapé of caviar from the artichoke . the toast each other happily . scene 123 - int. night - amélie 's apartment amélie and nino be curl up in bed . amélie turn around slowly , turn she back to nino . she offer up she nape . amelie do the ghost train . play along , he start to caress she with the tip of he finger , all the while murmure in she ear . wino ( like a ghost ) oooooohhhhhh ... oogoococooocohhhhhhhhhh . . fade to black . a little later : amelie people who drag they foot ... nino make a face nino horse butcher ... amélie 's turn to make a disgust face amelie Men with beard but not moustach ... both together eesuuuggggghhhh ! |! fade to black . br little later : despite amélie 's protest and desperate giggle , nino dive under the duvet and put he lip to the hollow of she waist and blow , make a huge and hilarious noise . amélie , stili struggle , scream and cry with laughter . fade to black . scene 124 ~ ext. day - in the street 100 the next morning . as joyful music start up , hipolito the writer walk towards the bar . suddenly he stop , unable to believe he eye . in front of he , spray -paint on the wall , sign with he name , stretch a quote from he collection of short storey " today 's emotion be no more than the slough - off skin of yesteryear 's . " hipolito , radiant , start walk to the café again , a spring in he step , turn to watch a pretty girl go by . scene 125 - int. day - Kitchen the music continue . in a kitchen , somewhere in the South of France , bretodeau be pick the meat off the steaming carcass of a chicken . he carefully pick out the juiciest bit between two finger ... and slip it into the mouth of a small five - year - old boy ( he grand - son ) , who greedily bite into it . scene 126 - int. day ~ dufayel 's apartment at home , Raymond dufayel have start to paint again . he be still use the renoir as a model . but Raymond , light -heart , do not pay the least bit of attention to the original and be happily improvise , lucien - style . scene 127 - ext. day - raphaél poulain 's house as the music continue , in enghien - les - bain , amélie 's father double - lock he garden gate . all the shutter be fastened . a suitcase in each hand , a cap on he head , he 's wait for a taxi that have just pull up in front of he house . RAPHAEL poulain roissy , please . 101 scene 128 ~ ext. day - the street of Montmartre amélie and nino be on the solex . they zigzag they way across Montmartre , as happy as child ! the singer , fréhel , appear superimpose : if you be not there , how can I go on live ? I will know no more this intoxicating happiness : when I be in you arm , my joyful heart arise - so how can I live if you be not there ? at this point fréhel disappear , and the song stop in mid-air . amelie be clearly try to say something to nino , but can not find the word . suddenly , she see : the STREET prompter , from he basement window , move he lip silently : STREET prompter I lev .. amelie , relieved , place she palm against nino 's face and repeat the phrase into he ear . nino smile and accelerate . and fréhel reappear over the image : the song start again . if you be not there the end footnote :- 1 / brand of shoe polish / reference to " poingonneur de lilas " one of gainsbourg 's big hit that ell the story of the suicidal fantasy of & metro ticker puncher on the orte de lilas line in Paris . fu ct ny 3 / nephew of the late President francois mitterend , who host a exalt television show about celebrity . 4 / rb famous , traditional , parisian '' county fai 102