" amadeus " by Peter shaffer final draft int . staircase outside old salieri be salon - night - 1823 total darkness . we hear a old man 's voice , distinct and in distress . it be old salieri . he use a mixture of English and occasionally italian . old salieri mozart ! mozart ! mozart . forgive I ! forgive you assassin ! mozart ! a faint light illuminate the screen . flickeringly , we see a eighteenth century balustrade and a flight of stone stair . we be look down into the wall of the staircase from the point of view of the landing . up the stair be come a branch candlestick hold by salieri 's valet . by he side be salieri 's cook , bear a large dish of sugare cake and biscuit . both man be desperately worried : the valet be thin and middle - age ; the cook , plump and italian . it be very cold . they wear shawl over they night - dress and clog on they foot . they wheeze as they climb . the candle throw they shadow up onto the peel wall of the house , which be evidently a old one and in bad decay . a cat scuttle swiftly between they bare leg , as they reach the salon door . the valet try the handle . it be lock . behind it the voice go on , rise in volume . old salieri show some mercy ! I beg you . I beg you ! show mercy to a guilty man ! the valet knock gently on the door . the voice stop . valet open the door , signore ! please ! be good now ! we have bring you something special . something you be go to love . silence . valet signore salieri ! open the door . come now . be good ! the voice of Old salieri continue again , further off now , and louder . we hear a noise as if a window be be open . old salieri mozart ! mozart ! I confess it ! listen ! I confess ! the two servant look at each other in alarm . then the valet hand the candlestick to the cook and take a sugare cake from the dish , scramble as quickly as he can back down the stair . ext . the STREET outside salieri be house - vienna - night the street be fill with people : ten cab with driver , five child , fifteen adult , two doormen , fifteen dance couple and a sled and three dog . it be a windy night . snow be fall and whirling about . people be pass on foot , hold they cloak tightly around they . some of they be reveler in fancy dress : they wear mask on they face or hang around they neck , as if return from party . now they be glance up at the facade of the old house . the window above the street be open and Old salieri stand there call to the sky : a sharp - feature , white - haire italian over seventy year old , wear a stain dress gown . old salieri mozart ! mozart ! I can not bear it any longer ! I confess ! I confess what I do ! I be guilty ! I kill you ! Sir I confess ! I kill you ! the door of the house burst open . the valet hobble out , hold the sugare cake . the wind catch at he shawl . old salieri mozart , perdonami ! forgive you assassin ! pietˆ ! pietˆ ! forgive you assassin ! forgive I ! forgive ! forgive ! valet ( look up to the window ) that 's all right , signore ! he hear you ! he forgive you ! he want you to go inside now and shut the window ! Old salieri stare down at he . some of the passersby have now stop and be watch this spectacle . valet come on , signore ! look what I have for you ! I can not give it to you from down here , can I ? Old salieri look at he in contempt . then he turn away back into the room , shutting the window with a bang . through the glass , the old man stare down at the group of onlooker in the street . they stare back at he in confusion . bystander who be that ? valet no one , sir . he will be all right . poor man . he 's a little unhappy , you know . he make a sign indicate ' crazy , ' and go back inside the house . the onlooker keep stare . CUT to : int . landing outside old salieri be salon - night the cook be stand hold the candlestick in one hand , the dish of cake in the other . the valet arrive , panting . valet do he open ? the cook , scared , shake he head : no . the valet again knock on the door . valet here I be , signore . now open the door . he eat the sugare cake in he hand , elaborately and noisily . valet mmmm - this be good ! this be the most delicious thing I ever eat , believe I ! signore , you do not know what you be miss ! mmmm ! we hear a thump from inside the bedroom . valet now that 's enough , signore ! open ! we hear a terrible , throaty groan . valet if you do not open this door , we be go to eat everything . there will be nothing leave for you . and I be not go to bring you anything more . he look down . from under the door we see a trickle of blood flow . in horror , the two man stare at it . the dish of cake fall from the cook 's hand and shatter . he set the candlestick down on the floor . both servant run at the door frantically - once , twice , three time - and the frail lock give . the door fly open . immediately , the stormy , frenzied open of mozart 's symphony no. 25 ( the Little G minor ) begin . we see what the servant see . int . old salieri be salon - night Old salieri lie on the floor in a pool of blood , a open razor in he hand . he have cut he throat but be still alive . he gesture at they . they run to he . barely , we glimpse the room - a old chair , old table pile with book , a forte - piano , a chamber - pot on the floor - as the valet and the cook struggle to lift they old master , and bind he bleed throat with a napkin . int . ballroom - night twenty - five dance couple , fifty guest , ten servant , full orchestra . as the music slow a little , we see a masquerade Ball in progress . a crowded room of dancer be execute the slow portion of a dance fashionable in the early 1820' . ext . STREET outside salieri be house - night as the fast music return , we see Old salieri be carry out of he house on a stretcher by two attendant , and place in a horse - draw wagon under the supervision of a middle - age doctor in a tall hat . this be doctor gulden . he get in beside he patient . the driver whip up the horse , and the wagon dash off through the still - fall snow . montage : ext . four street of vienna and int . the wagon - night the wagon be gallop through the snowy street of the city . Inside the conveyance we see Old salieri wrap in blanket , half - conscious , be hold by the hospital attendant . Doctor gulden stare at he grimly . the wagon arrive outside the General Hospital of Vienna . CUT to : int . a hospital corridor - late afternoon a wide , white - wash corridor . Doctor gulden be walk down it with a priest , a man of about forty , concerned , but somewhat self - important . this be Father vogler , chaplain at the hospital . in the corridor as they walk , we note several patient -- some of they visibly disturb mentally . all patient wear white linen smock . Doctor gulden wear a dark frock - coat ; vogler , a cassock . doctor gulden he 's go to live . it 's much harder to cut you throat than most people imagine . they stop outside a door . doctor gulden here we be . do you wish I to come in with you ? vogler no , Doctor . thank you . vogler nod and open the door . int . old salieri's hospital room - late afternoon a bare room - one of the best available in the General Hospital . it contain a bed , a table with candle , chair , a small forte-piano of the early nineteenth century . as vogler enter , Old salieri be sit in a wheel - chair , look out the window . his back be to we . the priest close the door quietly behind he . vogler herr salieri ? Old salieri turn around to look at he . we see that he throat be bandage expertly . he wear hospital garb , and over it the civilian Medal and chain with which we will later see the emperor invest he . old salieri what do you want ? vogler I be Father vogler . I be a chaplain here . I think you might like to talk to someone . old salieri about what ? vogler you try to take you life . you do remember that , do not you ? old salieri so ? vogler in the sight of God that be a sin . old salieri what do you want ? vogler do you understand that you have sin ? gravely . old salieri leave I alone . vogler I can not leave alone a soul in pain . old salieri do you know who I be ? you never hear of I , do you ? vogler that make no difference . all man be equal in God 's eye . old salieri be they ? vogler offer I you confession . I can offer you God 's forgiveness . old salieri I do not seek forgiveness . vogler my son , there be something dreadful on you soul . unburden it to I . I be here only for you . please talk to I . old salieri how well be you train in music ? vogler I know a little . I study it in my youth . old salieri where ? vogler here in Vienna . old salieri then you must know this . he propel he wheelchair to the forte-piano , and play a unrecognizable melody . vogler I can not say I do . what be it ? old salieri I be surprised you do not know . it be a very popular tune in its day . I write it . how about this ? he play another tune . old salieri this one bring down the house when we play it first . he play it with grow enthusiasm . CUT to : int . the stage of a opera house - night - 1780 ' S we see the pretty soprano katherina cavalieri , now about twenty - four , dress in a elaborate mythological Persian costume , sing on stage . she 's near the end of a very florid aria by salieri . the audience applaud wildly . int . old salieri's hospital room - late afternoon - 1823 old salieri ( take he hand off the key ) well ? vogler I regret it be not too familiar . old salieri can you recall no melody of mine ? I be the most famous composer in Europe when you be still a boy . I write forty opera alone . what about this little thing ? slyly he play the open measure of mozart 's eine kleine nachtmusik . the priest nod , smile suddenly , and hum a little with the music . vogler oh , I know that ! that 's charming ! I do not know you write that . old salieri I do not . that be mozart . wolfgang amadeus mozart . you know who that be ? vogler of course . the man you accuse yourself of kill . old salieri ah - you have hear that ? vogler all Vienna have hear that . old salieri ( eagerly ) and do they believe it ? vogler be it true ? old salieri do you believe it ? vogler should I ? a very long pause . salieri stare above the priest , seemingly lose in he own private world . vogler for God 's sake , my son , if you have anything to confess , do it now ! give yourself some peace ! a further pause . vogler do you hear I ? old salieri he be murder , Father ! mozart ! cruelly murder . pause . vogler ( almost whisper ) yes ? do you do it ? suddenly Old salieri turn to he , a look of extreme innocence . old salieri he be my idol ! I can not remember a time when I do not know he name ! when I be only fourteen he be already famous . even in legnago - the tiniest town in Italy - I know of he . CUT to : ext . a SMALL town square in lombardy , italy - day - 1780 ' S there be twelve child and twenty adult in the square . we see the fourteen - year- old salieri blindfolded , play a game of blindman 's bluff with other italian child , run about in the bright sunshine and laugh . old salieri ( v.o. ) I be still play childish game when he be play music for king and emperor . even the Pope in Rome ! CUT to : int . a salon in the vatican - day - 1780 ' S we see the six - year - old mozart , also blindfolded , seat in a gild chair on a pile of book , play the harpsichord for the pope and a suite of cardinal and other churchman . beside the little boy stand leopold , he father , smirk with pride . old salieri ( v.o. ) I admit I be jealous when I hear the tale they tell about he . not of the brilliant little prodigy himself , but of he father , who have teach he everything . the piece finish . Leopold lower the lid of the harpsichord and lift up he little son to stand on it . mozart remove the blindfold to show a pale little face with stare eye . both father and son bow . a papal Chamberlain present Leopold with a gold snuff box whilst the cardinal decorously applaud . over this scene Old salieri speak . old salieri ( v.o . ) my father do not care for music . he want I only to be a merchant , like himself . as anonymous as he be . when I tell how I wish I could be like mozart , he would say , why ? do you want to be a train monkey ? would you like I to drag you around Europe do trick like a circus freak ? how could I tell he what music mean to I ? CUT to : ext . a country church in NORTH italy - day - 1780 ' S serene music of the italian baroque - pergolesi 's stabat mater - sung by a choir of boy with organ accompaniment . we see the outside of the 17th - century church sit in the wide landscape of Lombardy : sunlit field , a dusty , white road , poplar tree . int . the church at legnago - day - 1780 ' S the music continue and swell . we see the twelve - year- old salieri seat between he plump and placid parent in the congregation , listen in rapture . his father be a heavy - look , self - approve man , obviously indifferent to the music . a large and austere Christ on the cross hang over the altar . candle burn below he image . old salieri ( v.o. ) even then a spray of sound note could make I dizzy , almost to fall . the boy fall forward on he knee . so do he parent and the other member of the congregation . he stare up at Christ who stare back at he . old salieri ( v.o. ) whilst my father pray earnestly to God to protect commerce , I would offer up secretly the proudest prayer a boy could think of . Lord , make I a great composer ! let I celebrate you glory through music - and be celebrate myself ! make I famous through the world , dear God ! make I immortal ! after I die let people speak my name forever with love for what I write ! in return I vow I will give you my chastity - my industry , my deep humility , every hour of my life . and I will help my fellow man all I can . amen and amen ! the music swell to a crescendo . the candle flare . we see the Christ through the flame look at the boy benignly . old salieri ( v.o. ) and do you know what happen ? a miracle ! int . dine room in the salieri house - day - 1780 be cu , a large cook fish on a thick china plate . camera pull back to show the salieri family at dinner . Father salieri sit at the head of the table , a napkin tuck into he chin . mother salieri be serve the fish into portion and hand they round . two maiden aunt be in attendance , wear black , and of course the young boy . Father salieri receive he plate of fish and start to eat greedily . suddenly there be a gasp - he start to choke violently on a fish bone . all the woman get up and crowd around he , thumping and pummel he , but it be in vain . Father salieri collapse . int . old salieri's hospital room - late afternoon - 1823 old salieri suddenly he be dead . just like that ! and my life change forever . my mother say , go. Study music if you really want to . off with you ! and off I go as quick as I could and never see Italy again . of course , I know God have arrange it all ; that be obvious . one moment I be a frustrated boy in a obscure little town . the next I be here , in Vienna , city of musician , sixteen year old and study under gluck ! gluck , Father . do you know who he be ? the great composer of he time . and he love I ! that be the wonder . he teach I everything he know . and when I be ready , introduce I personally to the Emperor ! Emperor Joseph - the musical king ! within a few year I be he court composer . be not that incredible ? Imperial composer to his majesty ! actually the man have no ear at all , but what do it matter ? he adore my music , that be enough . night after night I sit right next to the Emperor of Austria , play duet with he , correct the royal sight -read . tell I , if you have be I , would not you have think God have accept you vow ? and believe I , I honoure it . I be a model of virtue . I keep my hand off woman , work hour every day teach student , many of they for free , sit on endless committee to help poor musician - work and work and work , that be all my life . and it be wonderful ! everybody like I . I like myself . I be the most successful musician in Vienna . and the happiest . till he come . mozart . CUT to : int . the archbishop of salzburg's residence - vienna - day - 1780 ' S a grand room crowded with guest . a small group of gypsy musician be play in the background . thirteen member of the archbishop 's orchestra - all wind player , complete with 18th - century wind instrument : elaborate - look bassoon , basset horn , etc . and wear they employer 's livery - be lay out music on stand at one end of the room . at the other end be a large gild chair , bear the arm of the archbishop of salzburg . a throng of people be stand , talk , and prepare to sit upon the row of wait chair to hear a concert . old salieri ( v.o. ) one day he come to Vienna to play some of he music at the residence of he employer , the Prince - archbishop of salzburg . eagerly I go there to seek he out . that night change my life . we see salieri , age thirty - one , a neat , carefully turn - cut man in decent black clothes and clean white linen , walk through the crowd of guest . we follow he . old salieri ( v.o. ) as I go through the salon , I play a game with myself . this man have write he first concerto at the age of four ; he first symphony at seven ; a full - scale opera at twelve . do it show ? be talent like that write on the face ? we see shot of assort young man stare back at salieri as he move through the crowd . old salieri ( v.o. ) which one of they could he be ? some of the man recognize salieri and bow respectfully . then suddenly a servant bear a large tray of cake and pastry stalk past . instantly rivete by the sight of such delight , salieri follow he out of the Grand salon . int . a palace corridor - day - 1780 ' S the servant march along bear he tray of pastry aloft . salieri follow he . the servant turn into : int . buffet room in the palace - day - 1780 ' S salieri 's Pov : several table , dress to the floor with cloth be load with many plate of confectionery . it be , in fact , salieri 's idea of paradise ! the servant put he tray down on one of the table and withdraw from the room . int . a palace corridor - day - 1780 ' S salieri turn away so as not to be notice by the servant . as soon as the man disappear , salieri sneak into the buffet room . int . buffet room in the palace - day - 1780 ' S salieri enter the room and look about he cautiously . he be salivate with anticipation as he stare at the feast of sweet thing . his attention be attract in particular by a huge pile of dark chocolate ball arrange in the shape of a pineapple . he reach out a hand to steal one of the ball , but at the same moment he hear giggle come toward he . he duck down behind the pastry table . a girl - constanze - rush into the room . she run straight across it and hide herself behind one of the table . after a beat of total silence , mozart run into the room , stop , and look around . he be age twenty -six , wear a fine wig and a brilliant coat with the insignia of the archbishop of salzburg upon it . he be puzzle ; constanze have disappear . baffle , he turn and be about to leave the room , when constanze suddenly squeak from under the cloth like a tiny mouse . instantly mozart drop to all four and start crawl across the floor , meow and hiss like a naughty cat . watched by a astonished salieri , mozart disappear under the cloth and obviously pounce upon constanze . we hear a high -pitch giggle , which be go to characterize mozart throughout the film . CUT to : int . palace grand salon - day - 1780 ' S the throng be mostly seat . the musician be in they place , hold they various exotic-looking wind instrument ; the candle be all light . a majordomo appear and bang he staff on the floor for attention . immediately colloredo , Prince - archbishop of salzburg enter . he be a small self - important figure of fifty in a wig , surmounted by a scarlet skullcap . he be follow by he Chamberlain , the Count ARCO . everyone stand . the archbishop go to he throne and sit . his guest sit also . Arco give the signal to start the music . nothing happen . instead , a wind musician get up , approach the Chamberlain and whisper in he ear . Arco in turn whisper to the archbishop . ARCO mozart be not here . colloredo where be he ? ARCO they be look for he , you Grace . int . a palace corridor - day - 1780 ' S Three servant be open door and look into room go off the corridor . CUT to : int . palace grand salon - day - 1780 ' S the guest be turn around and look at the archbishop . the musician be watch . there be puzzlement and a murmur of comment . the archbishop tighten he lip . colloredo ( to Arco ) we will start without he . int . palace buffet room - day - 1780 ' S mozart be on he knee before the tablecloth , which reach to the floor . under it be constanze . we hear she giggle as he talk . mozart miaouw ! miaouw ! mouse-wouse ? it 's puss -wuss , fang - wang . paw -claw . pounce-bounce ! he grab she ankle . she scream . he pull she out by she leg . constanze stop it . stop it ! they roll on the floor . he tickle she . constanze stop it ! mozart I be ! I be ! I be stop it - slowly . you see ! look , I have stop . now we be go back . he try to drag she back under the table . constanze no ! no ! no ! mozart yes ! back ! back ! listen - do not you know where you be ? constanze where ? mozart we be in the residence of the fartsbishop of salzburg . constanze fartsbishop ! she laugh delightedly , then address a imaginary archbishop . constanze you Grace , I have get something to tell you . I want to complain about this man . mozart go ahead , tell he . tell they all . they will not understand you anyway . constanze why not ? mozart because here everything go backwards . people walk backwards , dance backwards , sing backwards , and talk backwards . constanze that 's stupid . mozart why ? people fart backwards . constanze do you think that 's funny ? mozart yes , I think it 's brilliant . you have be do it for year . he give a high pitch giggle . constanze oh , ha , ha , ha . mozart sra -I be -sick ! sra - I be sick ! constanze yes , you be . you be very sick . mozart no , no . say it backwards , shit - wit . sra -I be -sick say it backwards ! constanze ( work it out ) sra -I be -sick . sick - kiss I be - my kiss my ! sra -I be -sick - kiss my arse ! mozart em iram ! em iram ! constanze no , I be not play this game . mozart no , this be serious . say it backwards . constanze no ! mozart just say it - you will see . it 's very serious . em iram ! em iram ! constanze iram - marry em - marry I ! no , no ! you be a fiend . I be not go to marry a fiend . a dirty fiend at that . mozart ui-vol-i-tub ! constanze Tub - but i-tub - but I vol - love but I love ui - you . I love you ! the mood become suddenly softer . she kiss he . they embrace . then he spoil it . mozart tish - I be tee . what 's that ? constanze what ? mozart tish - I be - tee . constanze eat mozart yes . constanze eat my - ah ! shock , she strike at he . at the same moment the music start in the salon next door . we hear the open of the serenade for thirteen wind Instruments , K. mozart my music ! they have start ! they have start without I ! he leap up , dishevel and rumple and run out of the room . salieri watch in amazement and disgust . CUT to : int . palace corridor - day - 1780 ' S the music be louder . mozart hasten towards the Grand salon away from the buffet room , adjust he dress as he go . int . grand salon - day - 1780 ' S the open of the serenade be be tentatively conduct by the leader of the wind-musians . guest turn around as mozart appear - bow to the archbishop - and walk with a attempt at dignity to the dais where the wind band be play . the leader yield he place to the composer and mozart smoothly take over conduct . constanze , deeply embarrassed , sneak into the room and seat herself at the back . int . palace buffet room - day - 1780 ' S the music fade down . salieri stand shocked from he inadvertent eavesdropp . after a second he move almost in a trance toward the door ; the music dissolves . int . grand salon - day - 1780 ' S mozart be conduct the adagio from he serenade ( K. 361 ) , guide the thirteen wind instrumentalist . the squeezebox open of the movement begin . salieri appear at the door at the back of the salon . he stare in disbelief at mozart . old salieri ( v.o. ) so that be he ! that giggle , dirty - minded creature I would just see crawl on the floor . mozart . the phenomenon whose legend have haunt my youth . impossible . the music swell up and salieri listen to it with eye close - amaze , transport - suddenly engulf by the sound . finally it fade down and away and change into applause . salieri open he eye . the audience be clearly delighted . mozart bow to they , also delighted . colloredo rise abruptly , and without look at mozart or applaud and leave the salon . Count Arco approach the composer . mozart turn to he , radiant . ARCO follow I , please . the archbishop would like a word . mozart certainly ! he follow Arco out of the room , through a throng of admirer . int . another palace corridor - day - 1780 ' S mozart and Arco walk side by side . they pass salieri who be stare at mozart in fascination . as they disappear , he steal toward the music stand , unable to help himself . mozart well , I think that go off remarkably well , do not you ? ARCO indeed . mozart this viennese certainly know good music when they hear it . ARCO his Grace be very angry with you . mozart what do you mean ? they arrive at the door of colloredo 's private apartment . ARCO you be to come in here and ask he pardon . Arco open the door . int . archbishop's private room - day - 1780 ' S the archbishop be sit , chat to quest . among they be several lady . Arco approach he obsequiously . ARCO you Grace . colloredo ah , mozart . why ? mozart why what , sir ? colloredo why do I have to be humiliate in front of my guest by one of my own servant ? mozart humiliate ? colloredo how much provocation be I to endure from you ? the more license I allow you , the more you take . the company watch this scene , deeply interested . mozart if his Grace be not satisfied with I , he can dismiss I . colloredo I wish you to return immediately to salzburg . you father be wait for you there patiently . I will speak to you further when I come . mozart no , you Grace ! I mean with all humility , no . I would rather you dismiss I . it 's obvious I do not satisfy . colloredo then try harder , mozart . I have no intention of dismiss you . you will remain in my service and learn you place . go now . he extend he hand to be kiss . mozart do it with a furious grace , then leave the room . as he open the door we see : int . palace corridor - day - 1780 ' S a group of people who have attend the concert , among they constanze , be stand outside the private apartment . at sight of the composer they break into sustained applause . mozart be suddenly delighted . he throw the door wide open so that the guest can see into the private apartment where the archbishop sit - and he can see they . colloredo be clearly discomfite by this reception of he employee . he smile and bow uneasily , as they include he in the small ovation . mozart stand in the corridor , out of the archbishop 's line of sight , bow and giggle , and encourage the applause for the archbishop with conduct gesture . suddenly irritate , colloredo sign to Arco , who step forward and shut the door , end the applause . int . palace grand salon - day - 1780 ' S salieri , in this vast room , be stand and look at the full score of the serenade . he turn the page back to the slow movement . instantly , we again hear its lyrical strain . cu , salieri , read the score of the adagio in helpless fascination . the music be play against he description of it . old salieri ( v.o. ) extraordinary ! on the page it look nothing . the beginning simple , almost comic . just a pulse - bassoon and basset horn - like a rusty squeezebox . then suddenly - high above it - a oboe , a single note , hang there unwaver , till a clarinet take over and sweeten it into a phrase of such delight ! this be no composition by a perform monkey ! this be a music I would never hear . fill with such long , such unfulfillable long , it have I tremble . it seem to I that I be hearing a voice of God . suddenly the music snap off . mozart stand before he as he lay down the score . mozart Excuse I ! he take the score , bow , and strut briskly out of the room . salieri stare uncomprehendingly after the jaunty little figure . old salieri ( v.o. ) but why ? int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 old salieri why ? would God choose a obscene child to be his instrument ? it be not to be believe ! this piece have to be a accident . it have to be ! int . palace dine room - day - 1780 ' S at the table sit the emperor joseph ii , eat he frugal dinner and sip goat 's milk . he be a intelligent , dapper man of forty , wear a military uniform . around he but stand , be he Chamberlain , Johann von strack : stiff and highly correct . count orsini -rosenberg : a corpulent man of sixty , highly conscious of he position as director of the Opera . baron von swieten , the Imperial librarian : a grave but kindly and educate man in he mid-fifty . first kapellmeister giuseppe bonno : very italian , cring and time - serve , age about seventy . and salieri , wear decorous black , as usual . at a side - table , two Imperial secretary , use quill pen and inkstand , write down everything of importance that be say . joseph how good be he , this mozart ? von swieten he 's remarkable , majesty . I hear a extraordinary serious opera of he last month . idomeneo , King of Crete . orsini -rosenberg that ? a most tiresome piece . I hear it , too . von swieten tiresome ? orsini -rosenberg a young man try to impress beyond he ability . too much spice . too many note . von swieten majesty , I think it the most promise work I have hear in year . joseph ah-ha . well then , we should make some effort to acquire he . we could use a good german composer in Vienna , surely ? von strack I agree , majesty , but I be afraid it 's not possible . the young man be still in the pay of the archbishop . joseph very small pay , I imagine . I be sure he could be tempt with the right offer . say , a opera in german for we National theatre . von swieten excellent , sire ! orsini -rosenberg but not german , I beg you majesty ! italian be the proper language for opera . all educate people agree on that . joseph ah-ha . what do you say , Chamberlain ? von strack in my opinion , it be time we have a piece in we own language , sir . plain german . for plain people . he look defiantly at orsini-rosenberg . joseph ah-ha . kapellmeister ? bonno ( italian accent ) majesty , I must agree with herr dirretore . Opera be a italian art , solamente . german be - scusate - too bruta for sing , too rough . joseph ah-ha . Court composer , what do you say ? salieri I think it be a interesting notion to keep mozart in Vienna , majesty . it should really infuriate the archbishop beyond measure - if that be you majesty 's intention . joseph you be cattivo , Court composer . ( briskly , to von strack ) I want to meet this young man . Chamberlain , arrange a pleasant welcome for he . von strack yes , sir . joseph well . there it be . int . bedroom in salieri's apartment - day - 1780 ' S a somber room which serve both as a bedroom and a study . we see a four-poster bed . also , a marble mantelpiece above which hang a handsome cross in olivewood , bear the figure of a severe Christ . opposite this image sit salieri at he desk , on which stand a pile of music paper , quill pen and ink . on one side of he be a open forte-piano on which he occasionally try note from the march he be compose , with some difficulty . he scratch note out with he quill , and ruffle he hair - which we see without a powder wig . there be a knock at the door . salieri si. a servant admit lorl , a young lower - class girl , who appear carry a basket in which be a box cover with a napkin . she have just come from the baker 's shop . salieri ah ! here she come . fraulein lorl , good morning . lorl good morning , sir . salieri what have you get for I today ? let I see . greedily he unwrap the napkin and lift the lid on the box . salieri ah-ha ! siena macaroon - my favourite . give my best thanks to the baker . lorl I will , sir . he take a biscuit and eat . salieri thank you . be you well today , fraulein lorl ? lorl yes , thank you , sir . salieri bene ! bene ! she give a little curtsey , flatter and giggle and be show out . salieri turn back to he work , chew . he play through a complete line of the march . he smile , pleased with the result . salieri grazie , signore . he incline he head to the Christ above the fireplace , and start to play the whole march , include the phrase which pleased he . int . a wigmaker be shop - vienna - day - 1780 ' S the march continue on the forte-piano as we see mozart , seat in front of a mirror , wear a extravagant wig . on either side of he stand a salesman , one of they hold another wig , equally extravagant . mozart take off the first wig , to reveal he own blonde hair , of which he be extremely proud , and hand it back . mozart and the other one ? the salesman put the second wig on he head . mozart pull a face of doubt in the mirror . mozart and the other one ? he take it off and the other salesman replace it with the first wig on he head . mozart oh , they be both so beautiful , I can not decide . why do not I have two head ? he giggle . the music stop . int . grand salon - the royal palace - day - 1780 ' S a door open . we glimpse in the next room the Emperor Joseph bid goodbye to a group of military officer stand around a table . joseph good , good , good . he turn and come into the salon , where another group await he . it consist of von strack , orsini-rosenberg , bonno , von swieten and salieri . the room contain several gild chair dot about , and a forte-piano . joseph good morning , gentleman . all bow and say , good morning , you majesty ! joseph ( to von strack ) well , what do you have for I today ? von strack you majesty , herr mozart - joseph yes , what about he ? von strack he 's here . joseph ah-ha . well . there it be . good . salieri majesty , I hope you will not think it improper , but I have write a little March of welcome in he honour . he produce a paper . joseph what a charming idea . May I see ? salieri ( hand it over ) it 's just a trifle , of course . joseph May I try it ? salieri majesty . the Emperor go to the instrument , sit and play the first bar of it . quite well . joseph delightful , Court composer . would you permit I to play it as he come in ? salieri you do I too much honour , sire . joseph let 's have some fun . ( to the wait majordomo ) bring in herr mozart , please . but slowly , slowly . I need a minute to practice . the majordomo bow and go . the Emperor address himself to the march . he play a wrong note . salieri a-flat , majesty . joseph ah-ha ! int . palace corridor - vienna - day - 1780 ' S take he instruction literally , the majordomo be march very slowly toward the salon door . he be follow by a bewilder mozart , dress very stylishly and wear one of the wig from the perruqier . int . royal palace grand salon - day - 1780 ' S Joseph finish the march . the door open . majordomo herr mozart . mozart come in eagerly . immediately the march begin , play by his majesty . all the courtier stand , listen with admiration . Joseph play well , but apply himself fiercely to the manuscript . mozart , still bewilder , regards the scene , but do not seem to pay attention to the music itself . it finish and all clap obsequiously . orsini -rosenberg bravo , you majesty ! von strack well do , sire ! the Emperor rise , pleased with himself . he snatch the manuscript off the stand and hold it in he hand for the rest of the scene . joseph gentlemen , gentleman , a little less enthusiasm , I beg you . ah , mozart . he extend he hand . mozart throw himself to he knee , and to Joseph 's discomfort kiss the royal hand with fervour . mozart you majesty ! joseph no , no , please ! it be not a holy relic . ( raise mozart up ) you know we have meet already ? in this very room . perhaps you will not remember it , you be only six year old . ( to the other ) he be give the most brilliant little concert here . as he get off the stool , he slip and fall . my sister antoinette help he up herself , and do you know what he do ? jumped straight into she arm and say , will you marry I , yes or no ? embarrass , mozart burst into a wild giggle . Joseph help he out . joseph you know all this gentleman , I be sure . von strack and bonno nod . joseph the Baron von swieten . von swieten I be a great admirer of yours , young man . welcome . mozart oh , thank you . joseph the director of we Opera . Count orsini-rosenberg . mozart ( bow excitedly ) oh sir , yes ! the honour be mine . absolutely . orsini-rosenberg nod without enthusiasm . joseph and here be we illustrious Court composer , herr salieri . salieri ( take he hand ) finally ! such a immense joy . diletto straordinario ! mozart I know you work well , signore . do you know I actually compose some variation on a melody of yours ? salieri really ? mozart mio caro adone . salieri ah ! mozart a funny little tune , but it yield some good thing . joseph and now he have return the compliment . herr salieri compose that March of welcome for you . mozart ( speak expertly ) really ? oh , grazie , signore ! sono commosso ! E un onore per mo eccezionale . compositore brilliante e famossissimo ! he bow elaborately . salieri incline himself , dryly . salieri my pleasure . joseph well , there it be . now to business . Young man , we be go to commission a opera from you . what do you say ? mozart majesty ! joseph ( to the courtier ) do we vote in the end for german or italian ? orsini -rosenberg well , actually , sire , if you remember , we do finally incline to italian . von strack do we ? von swieten I do not think it be really decide , director . mozart oh , german ! german ! please let it be german . joseph why so ? mozart because I have already find the most wonderful libretto ! orsini - rosenberg oh ? have I see it ? mozart I - I do not think you have , herr director . not yet . I mean , it 's quite n - of course , I will show it to you immediately . orsini -rosenberg I think you would better . joseph well , what be it about ? tell we the story . mozart it 's actually quite amusing , majesty . it 's set - the whole thing be set in a - in a - he stop short with a little giggle . joseph yes , where ? mozart in a pasha 's harem , majesty . a seraglio . joseph ah-ha . orsini -rosenberg you mean in Turkey ? mozart exactly . orsini -rosenberg then why especially do it have to be in german ? mozart well not especially . it can be in turkish , if you really want . I do not care . he giggle again . orsini-rosenberg look at he sourly . von swieten ( kindly ) my dear fellow , the language be not finally the point . do you really think that subject be quite appropriate for a national theatre ? mozart why not ? it 's charming . I mean , I do not actually show concubine expose they ! they ! it 's not indecent ! ( to Joseph ) it 's highly moral , majesty . it 's full of proper german virtue . I swear it . absolutely ! joseph well , I be glad to hear that . salieri Excuse I , sire , but what do you think this could be ? be a foreigner , I would love to learn . joseph cattivo again , Court composer . well , tell he , mozart . name we a german virtue . mozart Love , sire ! salieri ah , love ! well of course in Italy we know nothing about that . the italian faction - orsini-rosenberg and bonno - laugh discreetly . mozart no , I do not think you do . I mean watch italian opera , all that male sopranos screeching . stupid fat couple roll they eye about ! that 's not love - it 's just rubbish . a embarrassed pause . bonno giggle in nervous amusement . mozart majesty , you choose the language . it will be my task to set it to the finest music ever offer a monarch . pause . Joseph be clearly pleased . joseph well , there it be . let it be german . he nod - he have want this result all the time . he turn and make for the door . all bow . then he become aware of the manuscript in he hand . joseph ah , this be yours . mozart do not take it . mozart keep it , sire , if you want to . it be already here in my head . joseph what ? on one hearing only ? mozart I think so , sire , yes . pause . joseph show I . mozart bow and hand the manuscript back to the Emperor . then he go to the forte-piano and seat himself . the other , except for salieri , gather around the manuscript hold by the King . mozart play the first half of the march with deadly accuracy . mozart ( to salieri ) the rest be just the same , be not it ? he play the first half again but stop in the middle of a phrase , which he repeat dubiously . mozart that really do not work , do it ? all the courtier look at salieri . mozart do you try this ? would not it be just a little more -? he play another phrase . mozart or this - yes , this ! better . he play another phrase . gradually , he alter the music so that it turn into the celebrate march to be use later in the Marriage of figaro , non piu andrai . he play it with increase abandon and virtuosity . salieri watch with a fix smile on he face . the court watch , astonished . he finish in great glory , take he hand off the key with a gesture of triumph - and grin . int . bedroom in salieri's apartment - day - 1780 ' S we see the olivewood cross . salieri be sit at he desk , stare at it . salieri grazie , signore . there be a knock at the door . he do not hear it , but sit on . another knock , louder . salieri yes ? lorl come in . lorl Madame cavalieri be here for she lesson , sir . salieri bene . he get up and enter : int . music room in salieri's apartment - day - 1780 ' S katherina cavalieri , a young , high -spirite soprano of twenty be wait for he , dress in a fashionable dress and wear on she head a exotic turban of satin , with a feather . lorl exit . cavalieri ( curtsey to he ) maestro . salieri good morning . cavalieri ( pose , in she turban ) well ? how do you like it ? it 's turkish . my hairdresser tell I everything 's go to be turkish this year ! salieri really ? what else do he tell you today ? give I some gossip . cavalieri well , I hear you meet herr mozart . salieri oh ? News travel fast in Vienna . cavalieri and he 's be commission to write a opera . be it true ? salieri yes . cavalieri be there a part for I ? salieri no . cavalieri how do you know ? salieri well even if there be , I do not think you want to get involved with this one . cavalieri why not ? salieri well , do you know where it 's set , my dear ? cavalieri where ? salieri in a harem . cavalieri what 's that ? salieri a brothel . cavalieri oh ! salieri a turkish brothel . cavalieri turkish ? oh , if it 's turkish , that 's different . I want to be in it . salieri my dear , it will hardly enhance you reputation to be celebrate throughout Vienna as a sing prostitute for a Turk . he seat himself at the forte-piano . cavalieri oh . well perhaps you could introduce we anyway . salieri perhaps . he play a chord . she sing a scale , expertly . he strike another chord . she start another scale , then break off . cavalieri what do he look like ? salieri you might be disappointed . cavalieri why ? salieri look and talent do not always go together , katherina . cavalieri ( airily ) look do not concern I , maestro . only talent interest a woman of taste . he strike the chord again , firmly . cavalieri sing she next scale , then another one , and another one , do she exercise in earnest . as she hit a sustained high note the orchestral accompaniment in the middle of martern aller arten from Il seraglio come in underneath and the music change from exercise to the exceedingly florid aria . we dissolve on the singer 's face , and she be suddenly not merely turbane , but paint and dress totally in a turkish manner , and we be on : int . opera stage - vienna - 1780 ' S the heroine of the opera ( cavalieri ) be in full cry address the pasha with scorn and defiance . the house be full . watch the performance - which be conduct by mozart from the clavier in the midst of the orchestra - we note von strack , orsini-rosenberg , bonno and von swieten , all group around the Emperor , in a box . in another box we see a overdress , middle - age woman and three girl , one of whom be constanze . this be the formidable madame weber and she three daughter , constanze , josefa and sophie . all be enrapture by the spectacle and Madame weber be especially enrapture by be there at all . not so , salieri , who sit in another box , coldly watch the stage . cavalieri be sing martern aller arten from the line doch du bist entschlossen . cavalieri since you be determine , since you be determine , calmly , with no ferment , welcome - every pain and woe . bind I then - compel I ! bind I then - compel I ! hurt I . break I ! kill I ! at last I shall be freed by death ! after a few moment of this showy aria , with the composer and the singer stare at each other - he conduct elaborately for she benefit , and she follow he beat with rapturous eye - the music fade , and salieri speak over it . old salieri ( v.o. ) there she be . I have no idea where they meet - or how - yet there she stand on stage for all to see . show off like the greedy songbird she be . ten minute of ghastly scale and arpeggio , whizzing up and down like firework at a fairground . Music up again for the last 30 bar of the aria . cavalieri ( sing ) be freed at last by death ! be freed at last by death ! at last I shall be freed by ! death ! before the orchestral coda end , cut to : int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 through the window we see that night have fall . old salieri understand , I be in love with the girl . or at least in lust . I be not a saint . it take I the most tremendous effort to be faithful to my vow . I swear to you I never laid a finger on she . all the same , I could not bear to think of anyone else touch she - least of all the creature . CUT back to : int . the opera house - vienna - night - 1780 ' S the brilliant turkish finale of seraglio burst over we . all the cast be line up on stage . mozart be conduct with happy excitement . cast of seraglio ( sing ) pasha selim May he live forever ! ever , ever , ever , ever ! honour to he regal name ! honour to he regal name ! May he noble brow emblazon glory , fortune , joy and fame ! honour be to pasha selim honour to he regal name ! honour to he regal name ! the curtain fall . much applause . the Emperor clap vigorously and - follow he lead - so do the courtier . the curtain part . mozart applaud the singer who applaud he back . he skip up onto the stage amongst they . the curtain fall again as they all bow . in the auditorium , the chandelier descend , fill it with light . int . opera house stage - vienna - night - 1780 ' S the curtain be down , and a excited hubbub of singer in costume surround mozart and cavalieri , all excited and chatter . suddenly a hush . the Emperor be see approach from the wing , light by flunky hold candle . von strack , orsini-rosenberg and von swieten , amongst other , follow he . also salieri . the singer line up . Joseph stop at cavalieri who make a deep curtsey . joseph bravo , Madame . you be a ornament to we stage . cavalieri majesty . joseph ( to salieri ) and to you , Court composer . you pupil have do you great credit . int . backstage corridor - vienna - night - 1780 ' S madame weber let we pass , please ! let we pass at once ! we be with the Emperor . flunky I be sorry , Madame . it be not permit . madame weber do you know who I be ? ( point to constanze ) this be my daughter . I be frau weber . we be favour guest ! flunky I be sorry , Madame , but I have my order . madame weber call herr mozart ! you call herr mozart immediately ! this be insupportable ! constanze mother , please ! madame weber go ahead , constanze . just ignore this fellow . ( push she ) go ahead , dear ! flunky ( barring the way ) I be sorry , Madame , but no ! I can not let anyone pass . madame weber Young man , I be no stranger to theatre . I be no stranger to insolence ! CUT back to : int . opera house stage - vienna - night - 1780 ' S all be applaud cavalieri . the Emperor turn to mozart . joseph well , herr mozart ! a good effort . decidedly that . a excellent effort ! you have show we something quite new today . mozart bow frantically : he be over-excite . mozart it be new , it be , be not it , sire ? joseph yes , indeed . mozart and german ? joseph oh , yes . absolutely . german . unquestionably ! mozart so then you like it ? you really like it , you majesty ? joseph of course I do . it 's very good . of course now and then - just now and then - it get a touch elaborate . mozart what do you mean , sire ? joseph well , I mean occasionally it seem to have , how shall one say ? ( he stop in difficulty ; to orsini - rosenberg ) how shall one say , director ? orsini -rosenberg too many note , you majesty ? joseph exactly . very well put . too many note . mozart I do not understand . there be just as many note , majesty , as be require . neither more nor less . joseph my dear fellow , there be in fact only so many note the ear can hear in the course of a evening . I think I be right in say that , be not I , Court composer ? salieri yes ! yes ! er , on the whole , yes , majesty . mozart ( to salieri ) but this be absurd ! joseph my dear , young man , do not take it too hard . you work be ingenious . it 's quality work . and there be simply too many note , that 's all . cut a few and it will be perfect . mozart which few do you have in mind , majesty ? pause . General embarrassment . joseph well . there it be . into this uncomfortable scene burst a sudden eruption of noise and Madame weber flood onto the stage , follow by she daughter . all turn to look at this amazing spectacle . madame weber wolfi ! wolfi , my dear ! she move toward mozart with arm outstretch in a absurd theatrical gesture , then see the Emperor . she stare at he , mesmerize , she mouth open , unable even to curtsey . madame weber oh ! mozart move forward quickly . mozart majesty , this be Madame weber . she be my landlady . joseph enchant , Madame . madame weber oh , sire ! such a honour ! and , and , and this be my dear daughter . this be constanze . she be the fiancee of herr mozart . constanze curtsy . cu , of cavalieri , astonished at the news . cu , of salieri , watch she receive it . joseph really ? how delightful . May I ask when you marry ? mozart well - well we have not quite receive my father 's consent , you majesty . not entirely . not altogether . he giggle uncomfortably . joseph Excuse I , but how old be you ? mozart twenty-six . joseph well , my advice be to marry this charming young lady and stay with we in Vienna . madame weber you see ? you see ? I have tell he that , you majesty , but he will not listen to I . cavalieri be glaring at mozart . mozart look hastily away from she . madame weber oh , you majesty , you give such wonderful - such impeccable - such royal advice . I - I - May I ? she attempt to kiss the royal hand , but faint instead . the Emperor contemplate she prone body and step back a pace . joseph well . there it be . strack . he nod pleasantly to all and leave the stage , with he Chamberlain . all bow . cavalieri turn with a savage look at mozart and leave the stage the opposite way , to she dress room , toss she plume head . salieri watch . mozart stay for a second , indecisive whether to follow the soprano or help Madame weber . constanze ( to mozart ) get some water ! he hurry away . the daughter gather around Madame weber . int . cavalieri's dressing room - night - 1780 ' S katherina sit fume at she mirror . a dresser be take the pin out of she wig as she stare straight ahead of she . mozart stick he head round the door . mozart katherina ! I will tell you what I be go to do . I be go to write another aria for you . something even more amazing for the second act . I have to get some water . her mother be lie on the stage . cavalieri do not bother ! mozart what ? cavalieri do not bother . mozart I will be right back . he dash off . int . opera house stage - vienna - night - 1780 ' S constanze and mozart make they way quickly through a crowd of actor in turban and caftan , and stagehand carry bit of the dismantle set of seraglio . we see all the turmoil of backstage after a performance . a fireman pass mozart carry a small bucket of water . mozart snatch it from he and push he way through the crowd to Madame weber , who still lie prone on the stage . mozart push through the crowd surround she and throw water on she face . she be instantly revive by the shock . constanze assist she to rise . constanze be you all right ? instead of be furious , Madame weber smile at they rapturously . madame weber ah , what a evening ! what a wise man we have for a Emperor . oh , my child ! ( with sudden , hard briskness ) now I want you to write you father exactly what his majesty say . the activity continue to swirl around they . mozart you should really go home now , frau weber . you carriage must be wait . madame weber but be not you take we ? mozart I have to talk to the singer . madame weber that 's all right ; we will wait for you . just do not take all night . int . cavalieri's dressing room - night - 1780 ' S cavalieri , still in costume , be march up and down , very agitate . cavalieri do you know ? have you hear ? salieri what ? cavalieri the marriage ! salieri well , what do it matter to you ? cavalieri nothing ! he can marry who he please . I do not give a damn . she catch he look at she and try to compose herself . cavalieri how be I ? tell I honestly . salieri you be sublime . cavalieri what do you think of the music ? salieri extremely clever . cavalieri meaning you do not like it . mozart come in unexpectedly . mozart oh - excuse I ! cavalieri be she mother still lie on the floor ? mozart no , she 's fine . cavalieri I be so relieved . she seat herself at she mirror and remove she wig . salieri dear mozart , my sincere congratulation . mozart do you like it , then ? salieri how could I not ? mozart it really be the best music one can hear in Vienna today . do not you agree ? cavalieri be she a good fuck ? mozart what ?? cavalieri I assume she 's the virtuoso in that department . there can not be any other reason you would marry someone like that . salieri look astonished . there be a knock on the door . cavalieri come in ! the door open . constanze enter . constanze Excuse I , wolfi . mama be not feel very well . can we leave now ? mozart of course . cavalieri no , no , no , no . you can not take he away now . this be he night . wo not you introduce we , wolfgang ? mozart Excuse we , fraulein . good night , signore . mozart hurry constanze out of the door . cavalieri look after they as they go , she voice break and rise out of control . cavalieri you really be full of surprise , be not you ? you be quite extraordinary , you little shit ! she turn and collapse , cry with rage , into salieri 's arm . we focus on he . old salieri ( v.o. ) at that moment I know beyond any doubt . he would have she . the creature have have my darling girl . int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1820 ' S the old man speak passionately to the priest . old salieri it be incomprehensible . what be God up to ? here I be deny all my natural lust in order to deserve God 's gift and there be mozart indulge he in all direction - even though engage to be marry ! - and no rebuke at all ! be it possible I be be test ? be God expect I to offer forgiveness in the face of every offense , no matter how painful ? that be very possible . all the same , why he ? why use mozart to teach I lesson in humility ? my heart be fill up with such hatred for that little man . for the first time in my life I begin to know really violent thought . I could not stop they . vogler do you try ? old salieri every day . sometimes for hour I would pray ! int . salieri's apartment - bedroom - day - 1780 ' S the young salieri be kneel in desperation before the Cross . salieri please ! please ! send he away , back to salzburg . for he sake as well as mine . cu , Christ stare from the Cross . CUT back to : int . audience hall - archbishop's palace - salzburg - day - 1780 ' S we see Leopold kneel now not to the Cross but to archbishop colloredo , sit impassively on he throne . Count Arco stand beside he . Leopold be a desperate , once - handsome man of sixty , now far too much the subservient courtier . colloredo no ! I will not have he back . leopold but he need to be here in salzburg , you Grace . he need I and he need you . you protection , you understanding . colloredo hardly . leopold oh sir , yes ! he 's about to make the worst mistake of he life . some little viennese slut be try to trick he into marriage . I know my son . he be too simple to see the trap - and there be no one there who really care for he . colloredo I be not surprised . money seem to be more important to he than loyalty or friendship . he have sell himself to Vienna . let Vienna look out for he . leopold Sir - colloredo you son be a unprincipled , spoiled , conceit brat . leopold yes , sir , that 's the truth . but do not blame he . the fault be mine . I be too indulgent with he . but not again . never again , I promise ! I implore you - let I bring he back here . I will make he give he word to serve you faithfully . colloredo and how will you make he keep it ? leopold oh , sir , he 's never disobey I in anything . please , you Grace , give he one more chance . colloredo you have leave to try . leopold oh , you Grace - I thank you Grace ! I thank you ! in deep gratitude he kiss the archbishop 's hand . he motion Leopold to rise . we hear the first dark fortissimo chord which begin the overture to Don Giovanni : the theme associate with the character of the commendatore . leopold ( v.o. ) my dear son . the second fortissimo chord sound . int . a baroque church - day - 1780 ' S we see a huge cu , of mozart 's head , look front and down , as if read he father 's letter . we hear Leopold 's voice over this image , no longer whining and anxious , but impressive . leopold ( v.o. ) I write to you with urgent news . I be come to Vienna . take no further step toward marriage until we meet . you be too gullible to see you own danger . as you honour the father who have devote he entire life to yours , do as I bid , and await my come . mozart I will . the camera pull back to see that he be in fact kneel beside constanze . a priest face they . behind they be Madame weber , josefa and Sophie weber , and a very few other . among they , a merry look lady in bright clothes : the baroness waldstadten . priest and will you , constanze weber , take this man , wolfgang to be you lawful husband ? constanze I will . priest I now pronounce you man and wife . the open kyrie of the great mass in C minor be hear . mozart and constanze kiss . they be in tear . Madame weber and she daughter look on approvingly . the music swell and continue under the follow : int . a room in leopold house - salzburg - night - 1780 ' S there be a view of a castle in background . Leopold sit alone in he room . he be read a letter from wolfgang . at he foot be he trunk , half - pack for the journey he will not now take . we hear mozart 's voice read the follow letter and we see , as the camera rove around the room , memento of the young prodigy 's early life : the little forte-piano make for he ; the little violin make for he ; a order present to he . we see a little starling in a wicker cage . and we see portrait of the boy on the wall , conclude with the familiar family portrait of wolfgang and he sister nannerl seat at the keyboard with Leopold stand , and the picture of they mother on the wall behind they . mozart ( v.o. ) most beloved father , it be do . do not blame I that I do not wait to see you dear face . I know you would have try to dissuade I from my truest happiness and I could not have borne it . you every word be precious to I . remember how you have always tell I Vienna be the City of musician . to conquer here be to conquer Europe ! with my wife I can do it . I vow I will become regular in my habit and productive as never before . she be wonderful , papa , and I know that you will love she . and one day soon when I be a wealthy man , you will come and live with we , and we will be so happy . I long for that day , best of papas , and kiss you hand a hundred thousand time . the music of the mass fade as Leopold crumple the letter in he hand . ext . the imperial garden - vienna - day - 1780 ' S salieri stand wait , hat in hand . beside he stand a royal servant . behind he , gardener be glimpse tend the shrub and bush along a grassy ride . down this ride be see canter two people on horseback : the Emperor Joseph and he niece , the princess elizabeth . they be mount on glossy horse . the princess ride side -saddle . running beside she be a panting groom . the Emperor ride elegantly ; he niece , a dumpy little hapsburg girl of sixteen , like a sack of potato . as they draw level with salieri they stop , and the groom hold the head of the princess ' horse . salieri bow respectfully . joseph good morning , Court composer . this be my niece , the princess Elizabeth . salieri you highness . out of breath , the princess nod nervously . joseph she have ask I to advise she on a suitable musical instructor . I think I have come up with a excellent idea . he smile at salieri . salieri oh , you majesty , it would be such a tremendous honour ! joseph I be think about herr mozart . what be you view ? salieri 's face fall , almost imperceptibly . salieri a interesting idea , majesty . but - joseph yes ? salieri you already commission a opera from mozart . joseph and the result satisfy . salieri yes , of course . my concern be to protect you from any suspicion of favouritism . joseph ah-ha . favouritism . but I so want mozart . salieri I be sure there be a way , majesty . some kind of a little contest . I could perhaps put together a small Committee , and I could see to it naturally that it will select accord to you majesty 's wish . joseph you please I , Court composer . a very clever idea . salieri ( bow ) sire . joseph well . there it be . he ride on . the groom release she horse 's head , and run on after the princess . CUT to : int . chamberlain von strack' study - day - 1780 ' S von strack sit stiffly behind he gild desk . mozart stand before he , tremble with anger . mozart what be this , herr Chamberlain ? von strack what be what ? mozart why do I have to submit sample of my work to some stupid committee ? just to teach a sixteen - year - old girl . von strack because his majesty wish it . mozart be the Emperor angry with I ? von strack on the contrary . mozart then why do not he simply appoint I to the post ? von strack mozart , you be not the only composer in Vienna . mozart no , but I be the best . von strack a little modesty would suit you better . mozart who be on this committee ? von strack kapellmeister bonno , Count orsini - rosenberg and Court composer salieri . mozart naturally , the italian ! of course ! always the italian ! von strack mozart - mozart they hate my music . it terrify they . the only sound italian understand be banality . tonic and dominant , tonic and dominant , from here to resurrection ! ( sing angrily ) ba-ba ! ba-ba ! ba-ba ! ba-ba ! anything else be morbid . von strack mozart - mozart show they one interesting modulation and they faint . ohime ! morbidezza ! morbidezza ! italian be musical idiot and you want they to judge my music ! von strack look , young man , the issue be simple . if you want this post , you must submit you stuff in the same way as all you colleague . mozart must I ? well , I will not ! I tell you straight : I will not ! CUT to : int . moharta apartment - bedroom - vienna - day - 1780 ' S the room be very small and untidy . constanze be march up and down it , upset . mozart be lie on the bed . constanze I think you be mad ! you be really mad ! mozart oh , leave I alone . constanze one royal pupil and the whole of Vienna will come flocking . we would be set up for life ! mozart they will come anyway . they love I here . constanze no , they will not . I know how thing work in this city . mozart oh yes ? you always know everything . constanze well , I be not borrow any more money from my mother , and that 's that ! mozart you borrow money from you mother ? constanze yes ! mozart well , do not do that again ! constanze how be we go to live , wolfi ? do you want I to go into the street and beg ? mozart do not be stupid . constanze all they want to see be you work . what 's wrong with that ? mozart shut up ! just shut up ! I do not need they . constanze this be not pride . it 's sheer stupidity ! she glare at he , almost in tear . CUT to : int . salieri be music room - late afternoon - 1780 ' S salieri be give a lesson to a girl student , who be sing the italian art song , caro mio Ben . there be a knock on the door . salieri yes . a servant enter . servant Excuse I , sir , there be a lady who insist on talk to you . salieri who be she ? servant she do not say . but she say it 's urgent . salieri ( to the pupil ) Excuse I , my dear . salieri go into the salon . CUT to : int . the salon - late afternoon - 1780 ' S constanze stand , closely veile , hold a portfolio stuff with manuscript . the sing lesson end , with two chord on the instrument . salieri enter the salon . constanze drop he a shy curtsey . constanze excellency ! salieri Madame . how can I help you ? shyly , she unveil . salieri frau mozart ? constanze that 's right , you excellency . I have come on behalf of my hus band . I be - I be bring some sample of he work so he can be consider for the royal appointment . salieri how charming . but why do he not come himself ? constanze he 's terribly busy , sir . salieri I understand . he take the portfolio and put it on a table . salieri I will look at they , of course , the moment I can . it will be a honour . please give he my warmest . constanze would it be too much trouble , sir , to ask you to look at they now ? while I wait . salieri I be afraid I be not at leisure this very moment . just leave they with I . I assure you they will be quite safe . constanze I - I really cannot do that , you excellency . you see , he do not know I be here . salieri really ? constanze my husband be a proud man , sir . he would be furious if he know I would come . salieri then he do not send you ? constanze no , sir . this be my own idea . salieri I see . constanze Sir , we really need this job . we be desperate . my husband spend far more than he can ever earn . I do not mean he 's lazy - he 's not at all - he work all day long . it 's just ! he 's not practical . money simply slip through he finger , it 's really ridiculous , you excellency . I know you help musician . you be famous for it . give he just this one post . we would be forever indebted ! a short pause . salieri let I offer you some refreshment . do you know what this be ? he indicate a dish pile high with glaze chestnut . salieri cappezzoli di venere . nipples of venus . Roman chestnut in brandy sugar . wo not you try one ? they be quite surprising . he offer she the dish . she take one and put it in she mouth . he watch carefully . constanze oh ! they be wonderful . he take one himself . we notice on he finger a heavy gold signet-re . constanze thank you very much , you excellency . salieri do not keep call I that . it put I at such a distance . I be not bear a Court composer , you know . I be from a small town , just like you husband . he smile at she . she take another chestnut . salieri be you sure you can not leave that music , and come back again ? I have other thing you might like . constanze that 's very tempting , but it 's impossible , I be afraid . wolfi would be frantic if he find that be miss . you see , they be all original . salieri original ? constanze yes . a pause . he put out he hand and take up the portfolio from the table . he open it . he look at the music . he be puzzle . salieri this be original ? constanze yes , sir . he do not make copy . CUT to : int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 the old man face the Priest . old salieri astound ! it be actually beyond belief . this be first and only draft of music yet they show no correction of any kind . not one . do you realize what that mean ? vogler stare at he . old salieri he would simply put down music already finish in he head . page after page of it , as if he be just take dictation . and music finish as no music be ever finish . int . salieri be salon - late afternoon - 1780 ' S cu , the manuscript in mozart 's handwrite . the music begin to sound under the follow : old salieri ( v.o. ) displace one note and there would be diminishment . displace one phrase , and the structure would fall . it be clear to I . that sound I have hear in the archbishop 's palace have be no accident . here again be the very voice of God ! I be stare through the cage of that meticulous ink - stroke at a absolute , inimitable beauty . the music swell . what we now hear be a amazing collage of great passage from mozart 's music , ravish to salieri and to we . the Court composer , oblivious to constanze , who sit happily chew chestnut , she mouth cover in sugar , walk around and around he salon , read the page and drop they on the floor when he be do with they . we see he agonize and wonder face : he shudder as if in a rough and tumble sea ; he experience the point where beauty and great pain coalesce . more page fall than he can read , scatter across the floor in a white cascade , as he circle the room . finally , we hear the tremendous qui Tollis from the mass in C minor . it seem to break over he like a wave and , unable to bear any more of it , he slam the portfolio shut . instantly , the music break off , reverberate in he head . he stand shaking , stare wildly . constanze get up , perplex . constanze be it no good ? a pause . salieri it be miraculous . constanze oh yes . he 's really proud of he work . another pause . constanze so , will you help he ? salieri try to recover himself . salieri tomorrow night I dine with the Emperor . one word from I and the post be he . constanze oh , thank you , sir ! overjoyed , she stop and kiss he hand . he raise she - and then clasp she to he clumsily . she push herself away . salieri come back tonight . constanze tonight ? salieri alone . constanze what for ? salieri some service deserve service in return . no ? constanze what do you mean ? salieri be not it obvious ? they stare at one another : constanze in total disbelief . salieri it 's a post all Vienna seek . if you want it for you husband , come tonight . constanze but ! I be a marry woman ! salieri then do not . it 's up to you . not to be vague , that be the price . he glare at she . salieri yes . he ring a silver bell for a servant and abruptly leave the roam . constanze stare after he , horrify . the servant enter . shock and stunne , constanze go down a she knee and start pick up the music from the floor . CUT to : int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 cu , Father vogler , horrify . old salieri yes , Father . yes ! so much for my vow of chastity . what do it matter ? good , patient , hard - work , chaste - what do it matter ? have goodness make I a good composer ? I realize it absolutely then - that moment : goodness be nothing in the furnace of art . and I be nothing to God . vogler ( cry out ) you can not say that ! old salieri no? be mozart a good man ? vogler God 's way be not yours . and you be not here to question him . offer he the salt of penitence . he will give you back the bread of eternal life . he be all merciful . that be all you need to know . old salieri all I ever want be to sing to him . that 's his do , be not it ? he give I that long - then make I mute . why ? tell I that . if he do not want I to serve him with music , why implant the desire , like a lust in my body , then deny I the talent ? go on , tell I ! speak for him ! vogler my son , no one can speak for God . old salieri oh ? I think you do so every day . so speak now . answer I ! vogler I do not claim to unravel the mystery . I treasure they . as you should . old salieri ( impatiently ) oh yes , yes , yes , yes , yes ! always the same stale answer ! ( intimately to the priest ) there be no God of mercy , Father . just a God of torture . CUT to : int . salieri's apartment - bedroom - night - 1780 ' S salieri sit at he desk , stare up at the cross . old salieri ( v.o. ) even come to that room . I sit there not know whether the girl would return or not . I pray as I would never pray before . salieri dear God , enter I now . fill I with one piece of true music . one piece with you breath in it , so I know that you love I . please . just one . show I one sign of you favour , and I will show mine to mozart and he wife . I will get he the royal position , and if she come , I will receive she with all respect and send she home in joy . enter I ! enter I ! please ! Te imploro . Long , long silence . salieri stare at the cross . Christ stare back at he impassively . finally in this silence we hear a faint knock at the door . salieri stir himself . a servant appear . servant that lady be back , sir . salieri show she in . then go to bed . the servant bow and leave . we follow he through : int . music room in salieri's apartment - night - 1780 ' S the servant cross it and enter : int . salon in salieri's apartment - night - 1780 ' S constanze be sit on a upright chair , veile as before , the portfolio of music on she lap . through the far door lead from the hall , another servant be peer at she . the first servant join he and shut the door on the girl , leave she alone . we stay with she . the clock tick on the mantelpiece . we hear a old carriage pass in the street below . nervously she lift she veil and look about she . suddenly salieri appear from the music room . he be pale and very tight . they regard each other . she smile and rise to greet he , affect a relaxed and warm manner , as if to put he at he ease . constanze well , I be here . my husband have go to a concert . he do not think I would enjoy it . a pause . constanze I do apologize for this afternoon . I behave like a silly girl . where shall we go ? salieri what ? constanze should we stay here ? it 's a charming room . I love this candlestick . be they here earlier ? I do not notice they I suppose I be too nervous . as she talk , she extinguish the candle in a pair of venetian candelabra and subsequently other candle around the room . constanze wolfgang be give some candlestick by King George in England , but they be only wood . oh , excuse I . let 's not talk about he . what do you think of this ? it 's real lace . Brussels . she turn and take off she shawl . constanze well , it 's much too good for every day . I keep say to wolfi , do not be so extravagant . present be lovely , but we can not afford they . it do not do any good . the more I tell he , the more he spend . oh , excuse I ! there I go again . she pick up the portfolio . constanze do you still want to look at this ? or do not we need to bother anymore ? I imagine we do not , really . she look at he inquiringly , and drop the portfolio on the floor ; page of music pour out of it . instantly we hear a massive chord , and the great qui Tollis from the mass in C minor fill the room . to its grand and weighty sound , constanze start to undress , watch by the horrify salieri . between he and she , music be a active presence , hurt and baffling he . he open he mouth in distress . the music pound in he head . the candle flicker over she as she remove she clothes and prepare for he embrace . suddenly he cry out . salieri go! go! go! he snatch up the bell and shake it frantically , not stop until the two servant we see earlier appear at the door . the music stop abruptly . they stare at the appal and frighten constanze , who be desperately try to cover she nakedness . salieri show this woman out ! constanze hurl herself at he . constanze you shit ! you shit ! you rotten shit ! he seize she wrist and thrust she back . then he leave the room quickly , slamm the door behind he . constanze turn and see the two servant goggle at she in the room . constanze what be you stare at ? wildly , she pick up the candelabrum and throw it at they . it shatter on the floor . int . salieri's apartment - bedroom - night - 1780 ' S cu , salieri stand , he eye shut , shaking in distress . he open they and see Christ across the room , stare at he from the wall . old salieri ( v.o. ) from now on , we be enemy , you and I ! CUT to : int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 the old man be relive the experience . vogler look at he , horrify . old salieri because you will not enter I , with all my need for you ; because you scorn my attempt at virtue ; because you choose for you instrument a boastful , lustful , smutty infantile boy and give I for reward only the ability to recognize the incarnation ; because you be unjust , unfair , unkind , I will block you ! I swear it ! I will hinder and harm you creature on earth as far as I be able . I will ruin you incarnation . CUT back to : int . salieri's apartment - bedroom - night - 1780 ' S cu , the fireplace . in it lie the olivewood Christ on the cross , burn . old salieri ( v.o. ) what use after all be man , if not to teach God his lesson ? the cross flame up and disintegrate . salieri stare at it . CUT to : int . moharta apartment - live room - night - 1780 ' S the front door burst open . mozart stumble in , follow by emmanuel schikaneder , three young actress , and another man , all fairly drunk . schikaneder ( who appear everywhere accompany by young girl ) be a large , fleshy , extravagant man of about thirty - five . mozart stanzi ! stanzi ! stanzi-manzi! the other laugh . mozart sssh ! schikaneder ( imitate mozart ) stanzi-manzi-banzi-wanzi! mozart sssh ! stay here . he walk unsteadily to the bedroom door and open it . schikaneder ( to the girl , very tipsy ) sssh ! you be dishgrashful ! int . moharta apartment - bedroom - night - 1780 ' S constanze lie in bed , she back turn to she husband , who come into the room and shut the door . mozart ( playfully ) stanzi ? how 's my mouse ? mouse -wouse ? I be back - puss - wuss be back ! she turn around abruptly . she look dreadful ; she eye red with weep . mozart be shocked . mozart stanzi! he approach the bed and sit on it . immediately she start cry again , desperately . mozart what 's the matter ? what be it ? stanzi ! he hold she and she cling to he in a fierce embrace , cry a flood of tear . mozart stop it now . stop it . I have bring some friend to meet you . they be next door wait . do we have anything to eat ? they be all starve . constanze tell they to go away . I do not want to see anybody . mozart what 's the matter with you ? constanze tell they to go ! mozart sssh . what be it ? tell I . constanze no ! mozart yes ! constanze I love you ! I love you ! she start cry again , throw she arm around he neck . constanze I love you . please stay with I . I be frighten . int . the royal palace - dine room - day - 1780 ' S Joseph sit eat . a butler serve he goat 's milk to drink . Joseph be hold a memorandum from salieri in he hand . salieri stand before he . joseph I do not think you understand I , Court composer . salieri majesty , I do . believe I , it be a most agonizing . decision . but finally , I simply could not recommend herr mozart . joseph why not ? salieri well , sire , I make some inquiry in a routine way . I be curious to know why he have so few pupil . it be rather alarming . joseph oh ? with a gesture Joseph dismiss the butler , who bow and leave the room . salieri majesty , I do not like to talk against a fellow musician . joseph of course not . salieri I have to tell you , mozart be not entirely to be trust alone with young lady . joseph really ? salieri as a matter of fact , one of my own pupil - a very young singer - tell I she be - er - well ! joseph yes ? salieri molested , majesty . twice , in the course of the same lesson . a pause . joseph ah-ha . well . there it be . int . salieri be house - staircase - vienna - day - 1780 ' S salieri have just return from the palace and be come up the staircase . he be meet by he servant . servant Sir , there be a herr mozart wait for you in the salon . salieri be plainly alarmed . salieri what do he want ? servant he do not say , sir . I tell he I do not know when you would be back , but he insisted on wait . salieri come with I . and stay in the room . he mount the stair . int . salieri's apartment - salon - day - 1780 ' S mozart be wait for salieri , hold a portfolio . salieri approach he nervously . mozart stand not belligerently , but humbly . salieri herr mozart , what bring you here ? mozart you excellency , you request some specimen of my work . here they be . I do not have to tell you how much I need you help . I truly appreciate you look at this . I have pressure on I - financial pressure . as you know , I be a marry man now . salieri so you be . how be you pretty wife ? mozart she be well . she be - well , actually , I be about to become a father ! she only tell I last night . you be the first to know . salieri I be flatter . and congratulation to you , of course . mozart so you see , this post be very important to I right now . salieri look at he in distress . salieri why do not you come to I yesterday , mozart ? this be a most painful situation . yesterday I could have help you . today , I can not . mozart why ? here be the music . it 's here . I be submit it humbly . be not that what you want ? salieri I have just come from the palace . the post have be fill . mozart fill ? that 's impossible ! they have not even see my work . I need this post . please , can not you help I ? please ! salieri my dear mozart , there be no one in the world I would rather help , but now it be too late . mozart whom do they choose ? salieri herr Sommer . mozart Sommer ? herr Sommer ? but the man 's a fool ! he 's a total mediocrity . salieri no , no , no : he have yet to achieve mediocrity . mozart but I can not lose this post , I simply can not ! excellency , please . let 's go to the palace , and you can explain to the Emperor that herr Sommer be a awful choice . he could actually do musical harm to the princess ! salieri a implausible idea . between you and I , no one in the world could do musical harm to the princess Elizabeth . mozart chuckle delightedly . salieri offer he a glass of white dessert and a spoon . mozart take it absently and go on talk . mozart look , I must have pupil . without pupil I can not manage . salieri you do not mean to tell I you be live in poverty ? mozart no , but I be break . I be always break . I do not know why . salieri it have be say , my friend , that you be inclined to live somewhat above you mean . mozart how can anyone say that ? we have no cook , no may . we have no footman . nothing at all ! salieri how be that possible ? you give concert , do not you ? I hear they be quite successful . mozart they be stupendously successful . you can not get a seat . the only problem be none will hire I . they all want to hear I play , but they will not let I teach they daughter . as if I be some kind of fiend . I be not a fiend ! salieri of course not . mozart do you have a daughter ? salieri I be afraid not . mozart well , could you lend I some money till you have one ? then I will teach she for free . that 's a promise . oh , I be sorry . I be be silly . papa 's right - I should put a padlock on my mouth . seriously , be there any chance you could manage a loan ? only for six month , eight at most . after that I will be the richest man in Vienna . I will pay you back double . anything . name you term . I be not joke . I be work on something that 's go to explode like a bomb all over Europe ! salieri ah , how exciting ! tell I more . mozart I would better not . it 's a bit of a secret . salieri come , come , mozart ; I be interested . truly . mozart actually , it 's a big secret . oh , this be delicious ! what be it ? salieri cream cheese mix with granulate sugar and suffuse with rum . crema al mascarpone . mozart ah. italian ? salieri forgive I . we all have patriotic feeling of some kind . mozart two thousand , two hundred florin be all I need a hundred ? fifty ? salieri what exactly be you work on ? mozart I can not say . really salieri I do not think you should become know in Vienna as a debtor , mozart . however , I know a very distinguished gentleman I could recommend to you . and he have a daughter . will that do ? int . michael schlumberg's house - morning - 1780 ' S hysterical bark and howling . the hall be full of dog , at least five , all jump up and dash about and make a terrific racket . mozart , dandify in a new coat and a plume hat for the occasion , have arrive to teach at the house of a prosperous merchant , michael schlumberg . bluff , friendly and coarse- look , he stand in he hall amidst the leaping and bark animal , greeting mozart . schlumberg quiet ! quiet ! quiet ! down there , damn you . ( to mozart ) welcome to you . pay no attention , they be impossible . stop it , you willful thing ! come this way . just ignore they . they be perfectly harmless , just willful . I treat they just like my own child . mozart and which one of they do you want I to teach ? schlumberg what ? ha-ha ! that 's funny - I like it . which one , eh ? you be a funny fellow . ( shouting ) Hannah ! come this way . he lead mozart through the throng of dog into a salon furnish with comfortable middle - class taste . schlumberg Hannah ! frau schlumberg appear : a anxious woman in middle life . schlumberg ( to mozart ) you will not be teach this one either . she 's my wife . mozart ( bow ) Madame . schlumberg this be herr mozart , my dear . the young man herr salieri recommend to teach we gertrude . where be she ? frau schlumberg upstair . schlumberg gertrude ! frau schlumberg you can not be herr mozart ! mozart I be afraid I be . schlumberg of course , it 's he . who do you think it be ? frau schlumberg I have hear about you for age ! I think you must be a old man . schlumberg gertrude ! frau schlumberg it 's such a honour for we to have you here , herr mozart . and for gertrude . schlumberg people who know say the girl 's get talent . you must judge for yourself . if you think she stink , say so . frau schlumberg Michael , please ! I be sure you will find she most willing , herr mozart . she 's really very excited . she 's be prepare all morning . mozart really ? frau schlumberg ah , now ! here she come . gertrude schlumberg appear in the doorway : a awkward girl of fifteen in she best dress , she hair primp and curl . she be exceedingly nervous . mozart good morning , fraulein schlumberg . schlumberg strudel , this be herr mozart . say good morning . gertrude giggle instead . frau schlumberg ( to mozart ) perhaps a little refreshment first ? a little coffee , or a little chocolate ? mozart I would like a little wine , if you have it . frau schlumberg wine ? schlumberg quite right . he 's go to need it . ( call and clap he hand ) klaus ! a bottle of wine . prestissimo ! now let 's go to it . I have be wait all day for this . he lead the way into : int . music room - day - 1780 ' S a forte-piano be open and wait . all the dog follow he . after they come mozart frau and fraulein schlumberg . to mozart 's dismay , husband and wife seat themselves quite formally on a little narrow sofa , side by side . schlumberg ( to the dog ) now sit down all of you and behave . Zeman , mandi , absolutely quiet ! ( to a young beagle ) especially you , dudelsach - not one sound from you . the dog settle at they foot . husband and wife smile encouragingly at each other . schlumberg come on , then . up and at it ! mozart gesture to the music bench . reluctantly , the girl sit at the instrument . mozart sit beside she . mozart now , please play I something . just to give I a idea . anything will do . gertrude ( to parent ) I do not want you to stay . frau schlumberg that 's all right , dear . just go ahead , as if we be not here . gertrude but you be here . schlumberg never mind , strudel . it 's part of music , get use to a audience . be not I right , herr mozart ? mozart well , yes ! on the whole . I suppose . ( to gertrude ) how long have you be play , fraulein ? frau schlumberg just one year . mozart who be you teacher ? frau schlumberg I be . but she quite outgrew the little I could show she . mozart thank you , Madame . ( to gertrude ) come on now - courage . play I something you know . in response the wretch girl just stare down at the keyboard without play a note . a awkward pause . mozart perhaps it would be better if we be leave alone . I think we be both a little shy . husband and wife look at each other . schlumberg nonsense . strudel 's not shy . she 's just willful ! you give into she now , you will be sorry later . strudel - play . silence . the girl sit unmove . schlumberg bellow : schlumberg I say play ! frau schlumberg Michael ! mozart perhaps if I be to play a little first , it might encourage the fraulein . ( to the girl ) why do not you let I try the instrument ? all right ? suddenly the girl rise . mozart smile at the parent . they smile nervously back . mozart slide along the bench , raise he hand and prelude over the key . instantly a dog howl loudly . startle , mozart stop . schlumberg leap to he foot and go over to the beagle . schlumberg stop that , dudelsach ! stop it at once ! ( to mozart ) do not let he disturb you . he will be all right . he 's just a little willful too . please , please - play . I beg you . mozart resume play . this time it be a lively piece , perhaps the Presto finale from the K. 450 . the dog howl immediately . schlumberg stop it ! stop ! mozart stop . schlumberg no , not you . I be talk to the dog . you keep play . it 's most important . he always howl when he hear music . we have get to break they of the habit . play , please . please ! amaze , mozart start to play the rondo again . the dog howl louder . schlumberg that 's it . now keep go , just keep go . ( to the beagle ) now you stop that noise , dudelsach , you stop it this instant ! this instant , do you hear I ? keep go , herr mozart , that 's it . go on , go on ! mozart play on . suddenly the dog fall silent . schlumberg smile broadly . schlumberg good , good , good ! very good dog ! very , very good dudelsach . ( to he wife , snap he finger ) Quick , quick , dear , bring he biscuit . the wife scurries to get a jar of biscuit . a servant bring in a open bottle of wine and a full glass on a tray . he put it down beside mozart as schlumberg address the silent dog with deep affection . schlumberg now guess who 's go to get a nice reward ? clever , clever dudi . he give the biscuit to the dog who swallow it greedily . mozart stop play and stand up . schlumberg it 's a miracle , herr mozart ! mozart ( barely control himself ) well , I be a good teacher . the next time you wish I to instruct another of you dog , please let I know . Goodbye , fraulein , goodbye , Madame ! goodbye , Sir ! he bow to they and leave the room . they look after he in puzzle astonishment . frau schlumberg what a strange young man . schlumberg yes . he be a little strange . ext . a busy STREET in vienna - day - 1780 ' S a cheerful scene . we see mozart strutting and beam , make he way through the crowd of porter , carrier and hawker , seller of sausage and pastry , vendor of hat and ribbon . horse and carriage clatter past he . his mood be best express by a bubbling version of non piu andrai play on the forte-piano . still in the same mood , he enter the door of he own house . int . moharta house - hallway - day - 1780 ' S suddenly , he stop . he look up the stair . the grim open chord from the overture to Don Giovanni cut across the march from figaro . what he see , look up the stair , be a menace figure in a long , grey cape and dark grey hat , stand on the landing . the light come from behind the figure so that we see only its silhouette as it unfold its arm towards mozart in a alarming gesture of possession . it take a beat in which the air of sinister mystery be hold before mozart realize who it be . then , as the music continue , he hastily set down the bottle of wine and rush joyfully up the stair and hurl himself into the figure 's arm . mozart papa ! papa ! both man embrace . the music slowly fade . int . moharta live room - day - 1780 ' S a cramped , low - ceiling little room which nobody have tidy for age . we see music lie everywhere . also there be many empty wine bottle ; musical instrument - among they a mandolin , a viola , a forte-piano with the black and white key reverse - book and abandon plate of food . mozart clasp he father 's arm . Leopold be now see as a aging , travel - stain man in clothes that need repair . his face be line , and he be obviously not in perfect health . mozart why be you here ? leopold be I not welcome ? mozart of course , welcome ! welcome ten thousand time . papa ! my papa ! he kiss he hand . leopold you be very thin . do she not feed you , this wife of yours ? mozart duck away and fetch he father 's bag from the landing . mozart feed ? well , of course she feed I . she stuff I like a goose all day long . she 's the best cook in the world . I mean , since mama . just wait , you will see . leopold be she not here ? mozart I do not know . stanzi ? stanzi ! Leopold look about he at the mess in the room . leopold do you always live like this ? mozart oh , yes . oh , I mean no - not exactly like this . I mean today - just today , stanzi - I remember now . she have to go - yes ! she have to help she mother . yes , she 's like that . her mother 's a very sweet woman , you will see . he carry the bag across the room and open the door of the bedroom . constanze lie in bed . she sit up , startle . mozart oh ! I do not know you be home . stanzi , this be my father . constanze , who look ill and tired , stare at Leopold . Leopold stare back from the doorway . mozart we will wait , we will wait . why do not you get up now , darling ? he close the door again . mozart she 's very tired , poor creature . you know I : I be a real pig . it 's not so easy clean up after I . leopold do not you have a may ? mozart oh we could , if we want to , but stanzi will not hear of it . she want to do everything herself . leopold how be you financial situation ? mozart it could not be better . leopold that 's not what I hear . mozart what do you mean ? it 's wonderful . really , it 's - it 's marvelous ! people love I here . leopold they say you be in debt . mozart who ? who say that ? now that 's a malicious lie ! leopold how many pupil do you have ? mozart pupil ? leopold yes . mozart yes . leopold how many ? mozart I do not know . it 's not important . I mean , I do not want pupil . they get in the way . I have get to have time for composition . leopold composition do not pay . you know that . mozart this one will . he pick up some page of manuscript . leopold what 's that ? mozart oh , let 's not talk about it . leopold why not ? mozart it 's a secret . leopold you do not have secret from I . mozart it 's too dangerous , papa . but they be go to love it . ah , there she be ! constanze come into the room . she be wear a dress gown and have make a perfunctory attempt to tidy she hair . we see that she be clearly pregnant . mozart my stanzi - look at she ! be not she beautiful ? come on now , confess , papa . could you want a prettier girl for a daughter ? constanze stop it , wolfi . I look dreadful . welcome to we house , herr mozart . mozart he 's not herr mozart . call he papa . leopold I see that you be expect . constanze oh , yes . leopold when , may I ask ? constanze in three month ! papa . mozart be not that marvelous ? we be delighted . leopold why do not you mention it in you letter ? mozart do not I ? I think I do . I be sure I do . he give a little giggle of embarrassment . constanze May I offer you some tea , herr mozart ? mozart tea ? who want tea ? let 's go out ! this call for a feast . you do not want tea , papa . let 's go dance . papa love party , do not you ? constanze wolfi ! mozart what ? how can you be so boring ? tea ! constanze wolfi , I think you father 's tired . I will cook we something here . leopold thank you . that will be fine . do not spend any money on I . mozart why not ? oh , come , papa ! what better way could I spend it than on you ? my kissable , missable , suddenly visible papa ! the jaunty tune of ich mochte wohl Der kaiser sein ( k.539 ) sound through all the follow . this be a alternate song from Il seraglio : a very extrovert tune for baritone and orchestra and a prominent part for bass drum . the vocal part should be arrange for trumpet . ext . STREET in vienna - day - 1780 ' S mozart and constanze with Leopold between they . we see couple shopping . int . a costume shop - vienna - day - 1780 ' S this be a shop where one can buy costume for masquerade . it be fill with extravagant costume of various kind . wolfgang be wear a costume , a mask push up on he forehead ; constanze be wear a little white velvet mask . amidst the merriment , Leopold be help by two assistant to put on a dark grey cloak and a dark grey tricorne hat , to which be attach a full mask of dark grey . its mouth be cut into a fix upward smile . he turn and look at he son through this mask . CUT straight to : int . a large party room - vienna - night - 1780 ' S we be in the full whirl of a masquerade Ball . couple be dance around dress in fantastic costume . the music of ich mochte wohl Der kaiser sein increase in volume and persist . we see the musician thumping it out on a balustrade above the dancer . a steer be be roast . through the bob crowd we see a group , head by the figure of bacchus : this be schikaneder in a Greek costume , wear vine leave in he hair . he be accompany by he usual trio of actress and three other man . constanze as Columbine and mozart as harlequin be pull Leopold by the hand of he dark cloak and smile mask . this whole group thread its way across the crowded room and disappear through a door . as they go , they be watch by salieri , stand alone in a corner , wear ordinary evening clothes . he turn away hastily to avoid be see by they . as soon as they disappear into the far room , salieri go quickly to a lady in the corner who be give guest domino mask off a tray . he quickly take a small black mask and put it on . CUT to : int . a grotto room next door - night - 1780 ' S a fantastic room design as a rocky grotto , light by candle . a forte-piano to one side be be play by schikaneder : the music of ich mochte wohl Der kaiser sein cross -fade to another tune . this be vivat bacchus from Il seraglio which schikaneder , dress as bacchus , be hum as he play . the music be actually accompany a game of forfeit , which have begin . five couple ( the group we have just see ) be dance in the middle of a ring make by nine chair . when the music stop they will each have to find a chair , and the one who fail must pay a forfeit . constanze be dance with Leopold ; mozart be dance with one of the actress ; the two other actress be dance with two other gentleman ; and two child dance together - a little boy and a little girl . the scene be watch by a circle of bystander ; among they - from the doorway - be salieri . schikaneder stop play . immediately the couple scramble for the chair . Leopold and constanze meet on the same chair , bump and push at each other to get sole possession of it . to the amusement of the people around , the chair over - balance and they both end up on the floor . constanze immediately get up again , set the chair on its foot , and try to pretend she be sit in it all the time . but schikaneder call out from the forte-piano . schikaneder no , no ! you both lose . you both lose . you both have to forfeit . and the penalty be you must exchange you wig . people be delighted by the idea of this penalty . the child jump up and down with excitement . the three actress immediately surround Leopold , reach for he hat and mask and wig , whilst he try to hold on to they . mozart take off constanze 's wig - a absurd affair with side - curl . constanze laughingly surrender it . leopold no , please ! this be ridiculous ! no , please ! despite he protest a actress take off he hat , to which the smile mask be attach , to reveal he outrage face show a very different expression underneath . another actress snatch off he wig to reveal very sparse hair on the old man 's head . the third actress take constanze 's wig from mozart and attempt to put it on he father 's head . leopold no , really ! mozart ( call to he ) this be just a game , papa . constanze echoe he with a touch of malice in she voice . constanze this be just a game , papa ! laughingly , the bystander take it up , especially the child . bystander this be just a game , papa ! as Leopold glare furiously about he , the actress succeed in get constanze 's wig firmly onto he head . everybody burst into applause . delightedly , constanze put on Leopold 's wig , hat and mask : from the waist up she now look like a weird parody of Leopold in the smile grey mask , and he look like a weird parody of she in the silly feminine wig . schikaneder start to play again , and the couple start to dance . Leopold angrily take off constanze 's wig and leave the circle ; he partner , constanze , be leave alone . see this , mozart leave he partner and catch he father entreatingly by the arm . mozart oh no , papa , please ! do not spoil the fun . come on . here , take mine . he take off he own wig and put it on Leopold 's uncover head . the effect , if not as ridiculous , be still somewhat bizarre , since wolfgang favour fairly elaborate wig . he take constanze 's wig from he father . as this happen , the music stop again . mozart gently push he father down onto a nearby chair ; the other scramble for the other chair ; and he be leave as the odd man out . he giggle . schikaneder call out to Leopold from the keyboard . schikaneder herr mozart , why do not you name you son 's penalty ? applause . mozart yes , papa , name it . name it . I will do anything you say ! leopold I want you to come back with I to salzburg , my son . schikaneder what do he say ? what do he say ? mozart papa , the rule be you can only give penalty that can be perform in the room . leopold I be tired of this game . please play without I . mozart but my penalty . I have get to have a penalty . all the bystander be watch . schikaneder I have get a good one . I have get the perfect one for you . come over here . mozart run over to the forte-piano , and schikaneder surrender he place at it . schikaneder now , I want you to play we tune - sit backwards . applause . mozart oh , that 's really too easy . any child can do that . amuse sound of disbelief . schikaneder and a fugue in the manner of sebastian bach . renewed applause at this wick extra penalty . mozart smile at schikaneder - it be the sort of challenge he love . he defiantly put on constanze 's wig and seat himself with he back to the keyboard . before the astonished eye of the company he proceed to execute this absurdly difficult task . his right hand play the bass part , he leave hand the treble , and with this add difficulty he improvise a brilliant fugue on the subject of the tune to which they have be dance . attract by this astonish feat , the player draw nearer to the instrument . so do salieri , cautiously , with some of the bystander . constanze watch he approach . only Leopold sit by himself , sulk . the fugue end amidst terrific clap . the guest call out to mozart . guest another ! do another ! someone else . mozart give I a name . who shall I do ? give I a name . guest gluck ! haydn ! frederic handel ! constanze salieri ! do salieri ! smash CUT : salieri 's mask face whip around and look at she . mozart now that 's hard . that 's very hard . for salieri one have to face the right way around . giggle , he turn around and sit at the keyboard . then , watch by a highly amused group , he begin a wick parody . he furrow he brow in mock concentration and close he eye . then he begin to play the tune to which they dance , in the most obvious way imaginable , rely heavily on a totally and offensively unimaginative bass of tonic and dominant , endlessly repeat . the music be the very essence of banality . the bystander rock with laughter . mozart start to giggle wildly . through this excruciate scene , salieri stare at constanze , who suddenly turn she head and look challengingly back at he . mozart 's parody reach its coarse climax with he add a fart noise instead of note to end cadence . he build this up , urge on in he clowning by everyone else , until suddenly he stop and cry out . the laughter cut off . mozart stand up , clutching he behind as if he have make a mess in he breech . the momentary hush of alarm be follow by a howl of laughter . cu , salieri stare in pain . int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 cu , the old man be shaking at the very recollection of he humiliation . old salieri go on . mock I . laugh , laugh ! CUT back to : int . grotto - night - 1780 ' S a repetition of the shot of mozart at the forte-piano , wear constanze 's wig and emit a shrill giggle . CUT to : int . salieri's apartment - bedroom - night - 1780 ' S salieri sit at he desk . he hold in he hand the small black party mask and stare in hatred at the place on the wall where the crucifix use to hang . faintly we see the mark of the cross . old salieri ( v.o. ) that be not mozart laugh , Father . that be God . that be God ! God laugh at I through that obscene giggle . go on , signore . laugh . rub my nose in it . show my mediocrity for all to see . you wait ! I will laugh at you ! before I leave this earth , I will laugh at you ! amen ! int . moharta workroom - day - 1780 ' S it be litter with manuscript . in the middle stand a billiard table . the beautiful close ensemble from Act iv of figaro : ah , tutti contenti ! saremo cosi play in the background . stand at the billiard table , mozart be dreamily hearing the music and play shot on the table . from time to time he drift over to a piece of manuscript paper and jot down note . he be very much in he own world of composition and the billiard ball be a aid to creation . presently , however , we hear a knock at the door . constanze ( outside the door ) wolfi ! wolfgang ! the music break off . mozart what be it ? he open the door . constanze there 's a young girl to see you . mozart what do she want ? constanze I do not know . mozart well , ask she ! constanze she will not talk to I . she say she have to speak to you . mozart oh , damn ! int . moharta apartment - live room - day - 1780 ' S mozart come out . frame in the doorway from outside stand lorl , the may we notice in salieri 's house . from he bedroom Leopold peep out to watch . mozart go to the girl . constanze follow . mozart yes ? lorl be you herr mozart ? mozart that 's right . lorl my name be lorl , sir . I be a maidservant . I be ask to come here and offer my service to you . mozart what ? lorl they will be pay for by a great admirer or yours who wish to remain anon - anonymous . constanze what do you mean ? what admirer ? lorl I can not tell you that , mar 'am . mozart be you say that someone be pay you to be we may and do not want we to know who he be ? lorl yes . I can live in or out just as you wish . mozart turn to he father . mozart papa , be this you idea ? leopold mine ? the old man emerge from he bedroom . his son look at he delightedly . mozart be you play a trick on I ? leopold I never see this girl in my life . ( to lorl ) be this a kind of joke ? lorl not at all , sir . and I be tell to wait for a answer . leopold Young woman , this will not do at all . my son can not possibly accept such a offer , no matter how generous , unless he know who be behind it . lorl but I really can not tell you , sir . leopold oh , this be ridiculous . constanze what be ridiculous ? wolfi have many admirer in Vienna . they love he here . people send we gift all the time . leopold but you can not take she without reference . it 's unheard of ! constanze well , this be none of you business . ( to lorl ) whoever send you be go to pay , no ? lorl that 's right , mar 'am . leopold so now we be go to let a perfect stranger into the house ? constanze look furiously at he , then at lorl . constanze who be we ? who be let who ? ( to lorl ) could you please wait outside ? lorl yes , mar 'am . lorl go outside and close the door . constanze turn on Leopold . constanze look , old man , you stay out of this . we spend a fortune on you , more than we can possibly afford , and all you do be criticize , morning to night . and then you think you can - mozart stanzi! constanze no , it 's right he should hear . I be sick to death of it . we can not do anything right for you , can we ? leopold never mind . you will not have to do anything for I ever again . I be leave ! mozart papa ! leopold do not worry , I be not stay here to be a burden . mozart no one call you that . leopold she do . she say I sleep all day . constanze and so you do ! the only time you come out be to eat . leopold and what do you expect ? who want to walk out into a mess like this every day ? constanze oh , now I be a bad housekeeper ! leopold so you be ! the place be a pigsty all the time . constanze ( to mozart ) do you hear he ? do you ? explosively she open the door . constanze ( to lorl ) when can you start ? lorl right away , mar 'am . constanze good ! come in . you will start with that room there . ( indicate Leopold 's room ) it 's filthy ! she lead the may into Leopold 's room . mozart steal back into he workroom and gently close the door . Leopold be leave alone . leopold sorry , sorry ! I be sorry I speak ! I be just a provincial from salzburg . what do I know about smart Vienna ? party all night , every night . Dancing and drink like idiot child ! int . moharta workroom - day - 1780 ' S mozart stand try to blot out the noise of he father 's shouting from the next room . leopold ( o.s. ) dinner at eight ! dinner at ten ! dinner when anyone feel like it ! if anyone feel like it ! the ensemble of ah , tutti contenti ! saremo cosi from Act iv of figaro resume , come to he aid and rise to greet the listener with its serene harmony . relieved , mozart languidly pick up he cue and play a shot on the billiard table : he be suck back into he own world of sound . int . salieri be salon - night - 1780 ' S the music fade . we see lorl , dress in a walk cloak , sit before a desk , talk to someone confidentially . lorl they be out every night , sir . till all hour . a hand come into frame offer a plate of sugare biscuit . on its finger we see the gold signet ring belong to salieri . lorl ( take one ) oh , thank you , sir . salieri do any pupil come to the house ? lorl not that I have see . salieri then how do he pay for all this ? do he work at all ? lorl oh , yes , sir , all day long . he never leave the house until evening . he just sit there , write and write . he do not even eat . salieri really ? what be it he 's write ? lorl oh , I would not know that , sir . salieri of course not . you be a good girl . you be very kind to do this . next time you be sure they will be out of the house , let I know , will you ? confused , the girl hesitates . he hand she a pile of coin . lorl oh , thank you , sir ! she accept they , delighted . ext . moharta house - vienna STREET - afternoon - 1780 ' S the final movement of mozart 's piano concerto in e-flat ( K. 482 ) begin . to its lively music , the door of the house burst open and a grand forte-piano augment with a pedal be carry out of it by six man , who run off with it down the street . follow they immediately appear wolfgang , constanze and Leopold , all three dress for a occasion . they climb into a wait carriage which drive off after the forte-piano . as soon as it go , lorl appear in the doorway , peer slyly around to see that they be out of sight . then she shut the door and hurry off in the opposite direction . CUT to : ext . a ornamental garden - vienna - afternoon - 1780 ' S a outdoor concert be be give . mozart be actually play the final movement of he e-flat concerto with a orchestra . listen to he be a sizable audience , include the Emperor , flanke by strack and von swieten . the crowd be in a happy and appreciative mood : it be a delightful open - air scene . we hear the gayest and most complex passage . Leopold and constanze listen to mozart , who play he own work brilliantly . we stay with this scene for a little while and then CUT to : ext . vienna STREET - afternoon - 1780 ' S a carriage clopping through the street . lorl be sit up on the box beside the driver . Inside the vehicle , we glimpse the figure of salieri . ext . a ornamental garden - vienna - 1780 ' S we hear more of the concerto . perhaps the slow interlude in the last movement of K. 482 . mozart be conduct and play in a reflective mood . abruptly we CUT to : ext . mozart ' S apartment - afternoon - 1780 ' S lorl be open the door admit salieri . they go in . the door shut . int . moharta live room - afternoon - 1780 ' S the room be considerably tidier as a result of lorl 's ministration . salieri stand look about he with tremendous curiosity . lorl I think I have find out about the money , sir . salieri yes what ? she open a drawer in a sideboard . Inside we see one gold snuff box : it be the one we see mozart be present with as a child in the vatican . lorl he keep seven snuff box in here . I could swear they be all gold . and now look there 's only one leave . and inside , sir , look - I count they - ticket from the pawnshop . six of they . salieri turn to look around he . salieri where do he work ? lorl in there , sir . she point across the room to the workroom . salieri cross and go in alone . int . moharta workroom - afternoon - 1780 ' S salieri enter the private quarter of amadeus . he be immensely excited . he move slowly into the 'holy of holy ' pick up object with great reverence - a billiard ball ; a discard wig ; a sock ; a buckle - then object more important to he . stand at mozart 's desk , strewn with manuscript , he pick up mozart 's pen and stroke the feather . he touch the inkstand . he lay a finger on the candlestick with its half - expire candle . he touch each object as if it be the memento of a beloved . he be in awe . finally he eye fall on the sheet of music themselves . stealthily he pick they up . cu , the page . we see word set to music . against each line of note be the name of a character : contessa , susanna , cherubino . then another page - the title page - write in mozart 's hand . Le nozze di figaro comedia per musica tratta dal francese in quattro atti. cu , the word figaro . cu , salieri . he stare amaze . CUT to : ext . ornamental garden - vienna - afternoon - 1780 ' S mozart be play the cadenza and coda of piano concerto ( K. 482 ) . he complete the work with a flourish . there be loud applause . the Emperor rise and all follow suit . mozart come down to be greet by he . joseph bravo , mozart . most charming . yes , indeed . clever man . mozart thank you , sire ! von swieten well do , mozart . really quite fine . mozart Baron ! he see he wife and father stand by in the crowd . Leopold be signal insistently . mozart majesty , may I ask you to do I the great favour ? joseph what be it ? mozart May I introduce my father ? he be on a short visit here and return very soon to salzburg . he would so much like to kiss you hand . it would make he whole stay so memorable for he . joseph ah ! by all mean . Leopold come forward eagerly and fawningly kiss the royal hand . leopold you majesty . constanze curtsy . joseph good evening . ( to Leopold ) we have meet before , herr mozart . leopold that 's right , you majesty . twenty year ago . no , twenty - two ! twenty - three ! and I remember word for word what you say to I . you say - you say -- he search he memory . joseph bravo ? leopold no ! yes , ' bravo , ' of course ' bravo ' ! everybody always say ' bravo ' when wolfi play . like the King of England . when we play for the King of England , he get up at the end and say , ' bravo ! bravo ! bravo ! ' three time . Three bravo 's . and the Pope four ! four bravo 's from the Holy Father , and one ' bellissimo . ' all the courtier around be look at he . mozart Father - leopold hush ! I be talk to his majesty . you majesty , I wish to express only one thing - that you who be the Father of we all , could teach we child the gratitude they owe to father . it be not for nothing that the fifth commandment tell we : ' honour you Father and mother , that you day may be long upon the earth . ' joseph ah-ha . well . there it be . CUT to : int . orsini - rosenberg's study - day - 1780 ' S the director sit at he table with salieri and bonno . salieri I have just learn something that might be of interest to you , herr director . orsini -rosenberg yes ? salieri mozart be write a new opera . a italian opera . orsini -rosenberg italian ? bonno aie ! salieri and that 's not all . he have choose for he subject , figaro . the Marriage of figaro . orsini -rosenberg you mean that play ? salieri exactly . orsini -rosenberg he 's set that play to music ? salieri yes . orsini -rosenberg you must be mad . bonno what be this Marriage of figaro ? orsini - rosenberg it 's a french play , kapellmeister . it have be ban by the Emperor . bonno hah ! he cross himself , wide - eye with alarm . orsini -rosenberg be you absolutely sure ? salieri I have see the manuscript . orsini -rosenberg where ? salieri never mind . CUT to : int . chamberlain von strack' study - day - 1780 ' S von strack I know we ban this play , but frankly I can not remember why . can you refresh my memory , herr director ? orsini -rosenberg for the same reason , herr Chamberlain , that it be ban in France . von strack oh yes , yes . and that be ? orsini -rosenberg well , the play make a hero out of a valet . he outwit he noble master and expose he as a lecher . do you see the implication ? this would be , in a grander situation , as if a Chamberlain be to expose a Emperor . von strack ah. CUT to : int . the emperor' study - day - 1780 ' S the Emperor stand in the middle of the room in close conversation with von strack , orsini-rosenberg , von swieten , and bonno . salieri be not present . a door open and a lackey announce : lackey herr mozart . they all turn . mozart approach , rather apprehensively , and kiss Joseph 's hand . joseph sit down , gentleman , please . they all sit , save mozart . the room suddenly look like a tribunal . Joseph be in a serious mood . joseph mozart , be you aware I have declare the french play of figaro unsuitable for we theatre ? mozart yes , sire . joseph yet we hear you be make a opera from it . be this true ? mozart who tell you this , majesty ? joseph it be not you place to ask question . be it true ? mozart well , yes , I admit it be . joseph would you tell I why ? mozart well , majesty , it be only a comedy . orsini -rosenberg what you think , mozart , be scarcely the point . it be what his majesty think that count . mozart but , you majesty - joseph ( motion he to be silent ) mozart , I be a tolerant man . I do not censor thing lightly . when I do , I have good reason . figaro be a bad play . it stir up hatred between the class . in France it have cause nothing but bitterness . my own dear sister antoinette write I that she be beginning to be frighten of she own people . I do not wish to see the same fear start here . mozart sire , I swear to you majesty , there 's nothing like that in the story . I have take out everything that could give offense . I hate politics . joseph I think you be rather innocent , my friend . in this dangerous time I cannot afford to provoke we noble or we people simply over a theatre piece . the other look at they king solemnly , all save mozart . mozart but , majesty , this be just a frolic . it 's a piece about love . joseph ah , love again . mozart but it 's new , it 's entirely new . it 's so new , people will go mad for it . for example , I have a scene in the second act - it start as a duet , just a man and wife quarreling . suddenly the wife 's scheme little may come in unexpectedly - a very funny situation . duet turn into trio . then the husband 's equally scream valet come in . Trio turn into quartet . then a stupid old gardener - quartet become quintet , and so on . on and on , sextet , septet , octet ! how long do you think I can sustain that ? joseph I have no idea . mozart guess ! guess , majesty . imagine the longest time such a thing could last , then double it . joseph well , six or seven minute ! maybe eight ! mozart twenty , sire ! how about twenty ? twenty minute of continuous music . no recitative . von swieten mozart - mozart ( ignore he ) sire , only opera can do this . in a play , if more than one person speak at the same time , it 's just noise . no one can understand a word . but with music , with music you can have twenty individual all talk at once , and it 's not noise - it 's a perfect harmony . be not that marvelous ? von swieten mozart , music be not the issue here . no one doubt you talent . it be you judgment of literature that 's in question . even with the politics take out , this thing would still remain a vulgar farce . why waste you spirit on such rubbish ? surely you can choose more elevate theme ? mozart elevated ? what do that mean ? elevated ! the only thing a man should elevate be - oh , excuse I . I be sorry . I be stupid . but I be feed up to the tooth with elevate thing ! Old dead legend ! how can we go on forever write about god and legend ? von swieten ( arouse ) because they do . they go on forever - at least what they represent . the eternal in we , not the ephemeral . Opera be here to ennoble we . you and I , just as much as his majesty . bonno bello ! bello , barone . veramente . mozart oh , bello , bello , bello ! come on now , be honest . would not you all rather listen to you hairdresser than hercules ? or horatius ? or orpheus ? all that old bore ! people so lofty they sound as if they shit marble ! von swieten what ? von strack govern you tongue , sir ! how dare you ? beat . all look at the Emperor . mozart forgive I , majesty . I be a vulgar man . but I assure you , my music be not . joseph you be passionate , mozart ! but you do not persuade . mozart sire , the whole opera be finish . do you know how much work go into it ? bonno his majesty have be more than patient , signore . mozart how can I persuade you if you will not let I show it ? orsini -rosenberg that will do , herr mozart ! mozart just let I tell you how it begin . von strack herr mozart - mozart May I just do that , majesty ? show you how it begin ? just that ? a slight pause . then Joseph nod . joseph please . mozart fall on he knee . mozart look ! there 's a servant , down on he knee . do you know why ? not from any oppression . no , he 's simply measure a space . do you know what for ? his bed . his wedding bed to see if it will fit . he giggle . CUT to : int . opera house - day - 1780 ' S mozart sit on stage at a harpsichord rehearse the singer take the part of figaro and susanna in the open bar of the first act of the Marriage of figaro . we watch figaro measure the space for he bed on the floor , sing and susanna look on , try on the countess ' hat . CUT to : int . salieri be salon - day - 1780 ' S orsini-rosenberg and bonno be sit with salieri . orsini -rosenberg well , mozart be already rehearse . salieri incredible . orsini -rosenberg the Emperor have give he permission . bonno Si , si ! veramente . salieri well , gentleman , so be it . in that case I think we should help mozart all we can and do we best to protect he against the Emperor 's anger . orsini -rosenberg what anger ? salieri about the ballet . orsini -rosenberg ballet ? what ballet ? salieri Excuse I - do not his majesty specifically forbid ballet in he opera ? orsini -rosenberg yes , absolutely . be there a ballet in figaro ? salieri yes , in the third act . CUT to : int . the opera house - day - 1780 ' S it be a full orchestral rehearsal . mozart be conduct from the harpsichord with he hand ; he do not use a baton . the singer be all in practice clothes , not costume . we be in the Act III and we hear the recitativo exchange just before the march begin . orsini-rosenberg and bonno sit watch chair . suddenly the march start . peasant and friend start to dance in and at the same moment , orsini-rosenberg get up and come down to mozart . he be accompany by a anxious bonno . orsini -rosenberg mozart ! herr mozart , may I have a word with you please . right away . mozart certainly , herr director . he signal to the cast to break off . mozart five minute , please ! the company disperse , curious . the musician look at orsini- rosenberg . orsini -rosenberg do you not know that his majesty have expressly forbidden ballet in he opera ? mozart yes , but this be not a ballet . this be a dance at figaro 's wedding . orsini -rosenberg exactly . a dance . mozart but surely the Emperor do not mean to prohibit dance when it 's part of the story . orsini -rosenberg it be dangerous for you to interpret his majesty 's edict . give I you score , please . mozart hand he the score from which he be conduct . orsini -rosenberg thank you . he rip out a page . bonno watch in terror . mozart what be you do ? he rip out three more . mozart what be you do , herr director ? orsini -rosenberg take out what you should never have put in . he go on tear the page determinedly . CUT to : int . salieri be salon - day - 1780 ' S a servant open the door to announce . servant herr mozart . mozart brushes past he straight towards salieri , who rise to greet he . the little man be near hysterics . mozart please ! please . I have no one else to turn to . please ! he grab salieri . salieri wolfgang , what be it ? sta calmo , per favore . what 's the matter ? mozart it 's unbelievable ! the director have actually rip out a huge section of my music . page of it . salieri really ? why ? mozart I do not know . they say I have get to re-write the opera , but it 's perfect as it be . I can not rewrite what 's perfect . can not you talk to he ? salieri why bother with orsini-rosenberg ? he 's obviously no friend of yours . mozart oh , I could kill he ! I mean really kill he . I actually throw the entire opera on the fire , he make I so angry ! salieri you burn the score ? mozart oh no ! my wife take it out in time . salieri how fortunate . mozart it 's not fair that a man like that have power over we work . salieri but there be that who have power over he . I think I will take this up with the Emperor . mozart oh , excellency , would you ? salieri with all my heart , mozart . mozart thank you ! oh , thank you . he kiss salieri 's hand . salieri ( withdraw it ; imitate the Emperor ) no , no , no , herr mozart , please . it 's not a holy relic . mozart giggle with relief and gratitude . int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 old salieri I be sure I do not need to tell you I say nothing whatever to the Emperor . I go to the theatre ready to tell mozart that his majesty have fly into a rage when I mention the ballet , when suddenly , to my astonishment , in the middle of the third act , the Emperor - who never attend rehearsals - suddenly appear . int . opera house - day - 1780 ' S in the background the same recitativo before the March . the Emperor steal in surreptitiously with von strack , he finger to he lip . he motion everyone not to rise , and slip into a chair behind salieri , orsini-rosenberg and bonno . the three conspirator look at each other wide - eye . the recitativo summon up the march , but instead there be silence . mozart lay down he baton . the musician lay down they instrument . the celebrant of figaro 's wedding come in with a few pitiful dance step , in procession , only to come presently to a halt , lack they music . the singer try to go on sing , but they have no cue from they conductor or from the accompaniment . everyone on stage look lose , though they attempt to go on with the story for a while . consternation grow on the face of the conspirator . mozart glance back at the group seat in the theatre . finally , the Emperor speak , in a whisper . joseph what be this ? I do not understand . be it modern ? bonno majesty , the herr director , he have remove a balleto that would have occur at this place . joseph why ? orsini -rosenberg it be you regulation , sire . no ballet in you opera . mozart strain to hear what they be say but cannot . joseph do you like this , salieri ? salieri it be not a question of like , you majesty . you own law decree it , I be afraid . joseph well , look at they . we do look at they . the spectacle on stage have now ground to a complete halt . joseph no , no , no ! this be nonsense . let I hear the scene with the music . orsini -rosenberg but , sire - joseph oblige I . orsini-rosenberg acknowledge he defeat . orsini -rosenberg yes , majesty . orsini-rosenberg rise and go down to where mozart sit anxiously with the musician , watch he approach . orsini -rosenberg can we see the scene with the music back , please ? mozart oh yes , certainly . certainly , herr director ! he look back deliriously at salieri , try to indicate he gratitude . salieri acknowledge with a slight and subtle nod . orsini-rosenberg return to he king . mozart lady and gentleman , we be go from where we stop . the Count : anch so . right away , please ! the singer scatter offstage to begin the scene again . joseph ( to orsini-rosenberg ) what I hope by that edict , director , be simply to prevent hour of dance like in french opera . there it be endless , as you know . orsini -rosenberg quite so , majesty . CUT back to mozart at the forte-piano , raise he hand . the musician raise they bow . with a flourish the happy composer begin a reprise of the scene which have be cut out . the music of the march begin faintly ; the celebrant of figaro 's wedding start to enter as the Count and the countess sit in they chair . in the theatre we see increase pleasure on the Emperor 's face , sullenness and defeat on the courtier ' . then , suddenly , without interruption , on a crescendo repeat of the march , we CUT to : int . opera house - night - 1780 ' S the theatre be brilliantly light for the first public performance of figaro . everybody be there : the Emperor , von strack , bonno orsini-rosenberg , von swieten , even Madame weber and she daughter in a box . the musician all wear imperial livery ; the actor on stage be now in costume . mozart , conduct , wear he order of the Golden spur . the company wheel in and around to the music of the restore march , which reach a triumphant climax . CUT to : int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 old salieri ( to vogler ) so figaro be produce in spite of I . and in spite of I , a wonder be reveal . one of the true wonder of art . the restore third act be bold and brilliant . the fourth be a miracle . the descend scale of string in the final ensemble ( ah , tutti contenti . saremo cosi ) fade in . int . opera house - night - 1780 ' S we see the tableau on stage with the Count kneel to the countess . all be sing . old salieri ( v.o. ) I see a woman disguise in she may 's clothes hear she husband speak the first tender word he have offer she in year , only because he think she be someone else . I hear the music of true forgiveness fill the theatre , confer on all who sit there a perfect absolution . God be sing through this little man to all the world - unstoppable - make my defeat more bitter with each pass bar . cu , salieri in he box , tear on he cheek . he watch the ensemble and we listen to it for a long moment . finally it fade , but continue underneath the follow : int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 old salieri and then suddenly - a miracle ! CUT back to : int . opera house - night - 1780 ' S the ensemble reach its climax , and fade away to the very quiet , slow chord immediately precede the boisterous final chord . salieri become aware that some of the audience be asleep and many mare be apathetic . in the near silence we see the Emperor yawn behind he hand . that nearby look at he . orsini-rosenberg smile . CUT back to : int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 old salieri Father , do you know what that mean ? with that yawn I see my defeat turn into a victory . and mozart be lucky the Emperor only yawn once . Three yawn and the opera would fail the same night ; two yawn , within a week at most . with one yawn the composer could still get - CUT to : int . salieri be salon - day - 1780 ' S mozart be pace up and down . salieri be listen sympathetically . mozart nine performance ! nine ! that 's all it 's have - and withdraw . salieri I know ; it 's outrageous . still , if the public do not like one 's work one have to accept the fact gracefully . mozart but what be it they do not like ? salieri well , I can speak for the Emperor . you make too many demand on the royal ear . the poor man can not concentrate for more than a hour and you give he four . mozart what do you think of it yourself ? do you like it at all ? salieri I think it 's marvelous . truly . mozart it 's the best opera yet write . I know it ! why do not they come ? salieri I think you overestimate we dear viennese , my friend . do you know you do not even give they a good bang at the end of song so they know when to clap ? mozart I know , I know . perhaps you should give I some lesson in that . salieri ( fume ) I would not presume . all the same , if it would not be impose , I would like you to see my new piece . it would be a tremendous honour for I . mozart oh no , the honour would be all mine . salieri ( bow ) grazie , mio caro , wolfgang ! mozart grazie , a lei , signor Antonio ! he bow too , giggle . CUT to : int . opera house - night - 1780 ' S a performance of salieri 's grand opera , axur : King of ormus . deafen applause from a crowded house . we see the reception of the aria which we see cavalieri sing on the stage near the start of the film . cavalieri , in a mythological Persian costume , be bow to the rapturous throng ; below she be salieri . we see the Emperor , von strack , orsini-rosenberg , bonno and von swieten , all applaud . we hear great cry of ' salieri ! salieri ! ' and ' bravo ! ' and ' brava ! ' cu , salieri look at the crowd with immense pleasure . then suddenly at : cu , mozart stand in a box and clap wildly . behind he , seat , be schikaneder and the three girl we see before in mozart 's apartment . cu , salieri stare fixedly at mozart , then mozart still clap , apparently with tremendous enthusiasm . old salieri ( v.o. ) what be this ? I never see he excited before by any music but he own . could he mean it ? int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 old salieri ( to vogler ) would he actually tell I my music have move he ? be I really go to hear that from he own lip ? I find myself actually hurry the tempo of the finale . CUT back to : int . opera house - night - 1780 ' S salieri conduct the last scene from axur : King of ormus . on stage we see a big scene of acclamation : the hero and heroine of the opera accept the crown amidst the rejoice of the people . the decor and costume be mythological Persian . the music be utterly conventional and totally uninventive . cu , mozart watch this in he box , with schikaneder and the three actress . he pass a open bottle of wine to they . he be evidently a little drunk , but keep a poker face . the act come to a end . great applause in which mozart join in , stand and shouting ' bravo ! bravo ! ' then he leave the box with schikaneder and the girl . int . corridor of the opera house - night - 1780 ' S mozart ( to schikaneder ) well ? schikaneder ( mock move ) sublime ! utterly sublime ! mozart that kind of music should be punishable by death . schikaneder laugh . CUT to : int . stage of the opera house - night - 1780 ' S a crowd of people ring salieri at a respectful distance . the Emperor be hold out the civilian Medal and chain . joseph I believe that be the best opera yet write , my friend . salieri , you be the brightest star in the musical firmament . you do honour to Vienna and to I . salieri bow he head . Joseph place the chain around he neck . the crowd clap . salieri make to kiss he hand , but Joseph restrain he , and pass on . cavalieri , smile adoringly , give he a deep curtsey , and he raise she up . the crowd all flock to salieri with cry and word of approval . all want to shake he hand . they tug and pat he . but he have eye for only one man - he look about he , search for he and then find he . mozart stand there . eagerly salieri move to he . salieri mozart . it be good of you to come . mozart how could I not ? salieri do my work please you ? mozart how could it not , excellency ? salieri yes ? mozart I never know that music like that be possible . salieri you flatter I . mozart oh no ! one hear such sound and what can one say , but - salieri ! salieri smile . CUT to : int . moharta apartment - live room - night - 1780 ' S explosive laughter as mozart and schikaneder enter the apartment , very pleased with themselves and accompany by the three actress . the front door open , very gingerly . mozart , still rather drunk , stick he head into the room , anxious not to make a noise . he see the stranger and break into a smile . mozart oh. everybody 's here ! we have get guest . good . I have bring some more . he open the door wide to admit schikaneder and the girl . mozart we will have a little party . come in . come in . you know herr schikaneder ? ( to a girl ) this be ! a very nice girl . constanze ( stand up ) wolfi . mozart yes , my love ? constanze this gentleman be from salzburg . mozart salzburg . we be just talk about salzburg . ( to the two man , jubilantly ) if you have come from my friend the fartsbishop , you have arrive at just the right moment . because I have get good news for he . I be do with Vienna . it 's over , finish , do with ! done with ! done with ! constanze wolfi ! you father be dead . mozart what ? constanze you father be dead . the first loud chord of the statue scene from Don Giovanni sound . mozart stare . int . a opera house - night - 1780 ' S the second chord sound . on stage we see the huge figure of the commendatore in robe and helmet , extend he arm and point in accusation . int . a opera house - night - 1780 ' S the second chord sound . on stage we see a huge nail fist crash through the wall of a paint dining room set . the giant armoure statue of the commendatore enter point he finger in accusation at Don Giovanni who sit at the supper table , stare - he servant leporello quaking with fear under the table . the commendatore ( sing ) Don Giovanni ! the figure advance on the libertine . we see mozart conduct , pale and deeply involved . Music fade down a little . old salieri ( v.o. ) so rise the dreadful ghost in he next and blackest opera . there on the stage stand the figure of a dead commander call out ' repent ! repent ! ' the music swell . we see salieri stand alone in the back of a box , unseen , in semi-darkness . we also see that the theatre be only half full . Music fade down . old salieri ( v.o. ) and I know - only I understand - that the horrifying apparition be Leopold , raise from the dead . wolfgang have actually summon up he own father to accuse he son before all the world . it be terrifying and wonderful to watch . Music swell up again . we watch the scene on stage as the commendatore address Giovanni . then back to salieri in the box . Music down again . int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 old salieri now a madness begin in I . the madness of a man split in half . through my influence I see to it Don Giovanni be play only five time in Vienna . but in secret I go to every one of that five - all alone - unable to help myself , worshipp sound I alone seem to hear . int . a opera house - night - 1780 ' S old salieri ( v.o. ) and hour after hour , as I stand there , understanding even more clearly how that bitter old man be still possess he poor son from beyond the grave , I begin to see a way - a terrible way - I could finally triumph over God , my torturer . Music swell . on stage Don Giovanni be seize and grip by the statue 's icy hand . flame burst from obviously artificial rock . demon appear and drag the libertine down to Hell . the scene end . cu , salieri , stare wide - eye . CUT to : ext . schikaneder's theatre - vienna - night - 1780 ' S we see huge and attractive poster and billboard advertising schikaneder 's troupe . the camera concentrate on the one which read as follow : emmanuel schikaneder impresario de luxe present the celebrate schikaneder troupe of player in a even of parody Music ! mirth ! Magic ! all song and speech written by emmanuel schikaneder who personally will appear in every scene ! CUT to : int . schikaneder's theatre - night - 1780 ' S noise ; smoke ; the audience be sit at table for a evening of vaudeville . mozart , constanze and they son Karl , now about two year old , and sit on he mother 's lap , be watch a parody scene by schikaneder 's troupe . they be rowdy , bawdy and silly , incorporate motif , situation and tune from mozart 's opera which we have see and hear . before they on the table be bottle of wine and beer , plate of sausage , etc . the parody on stage we see a set which parody the dining room in Don Giovanni 's palace , show before . schikaneder as Don Giovanni be dance with the three actress to the minuet from Don Giovanni ( end of Act I ) , play by a quartet of tipsy musician . leporello be hand around wine on a tray . suddenly there be a tremendous knock from outside . the music slither to a stop . all look at each other in panic . leporello drop he tray with a crash . all go quiet . one more knock be hear . then all musician , actress , Don Giovanni and leporello make a dash to hide under the table which be far too small to accommodate they all . the table rock . schikaneder be push out . he be terrify . he shake elaborately . Three more knock be hear ; louder . schikaneder who be it ? one more knock . schikaneder c-c-c-come in ! in the pit a chromatic scale from the overture to Don Giovanni turn into a anticipatory vamp . this grow more and more menace until the whole flat represent the wall at the back fall down . a absurd pantomime horse gallop in . it have a ridiculous expression , and be manned by four man inside . stand precariously on its back be a dwarf , wear a miniature version of the armour and helmet wear by the commendatore . he sing in a high , nasal voice : commendatore ( sing ) Don giovannnnnnnnnni! he try to keep he balance as he trot in , but fail . he fall off onto the stage . he beat at the horse , try to get back on . commendatore down ! down ! bewildere , the horse look about he , but cannot see he small rider who be below he level of sight . commendatore I be here ! I be here ! the horse , amidst laughter from the audience , fail to locate he . exasperate , the dwarf signal to someone in the wing . a tall man stride out carry a see-saw ; on he shoulder stand another man . the dwarf stand on the lower end of the see-saw . there be a drum roll and the man above jump down onto the raise end and the commendatore be abruptly catapult back onto the horse , only backwards so that he be face away from Don Giovanni . the two man bow to the applaud audience , and retire off-stage . the commendatore try to extend he arm in the proper menace attitude , and at the same time turn around to face Don Giovanni . this he find difficult . commendatore ( sing ) Don giovannnnnnnni! schikaneder who the devil be you ? what do you want ? commendatore ( sing ) I have come to dinnnnnner ! schikaneder dinner ? how dare you ? I be a nobleman . I only dine with people of my own height . commendatore be you drunk ? you invite I . and my horse . here he be . ottavio ! the horse take a bow . the dwarf almost fall off again . commendatore whoa ! whoa ! stop it ! the three girl rush to he aid and reach he just in time . they sing in the manner of the Tree lady later to be put into the Magic flute . first lady ( run and sing ) be careful ! second lady ( run and sing ) be careful ! third lady ( run and sing ) be careful ! all three together ( close harmony ) hold tight now ! they grab he . commendatore ( angry ) leave I alone ! stop it ! I be a famous horseman . ottavio and I be a famous horse ! he give the lady a radiant smile . the three lady sing , as before , in close harmony . first lady ( sing ) he 's adorable ! second lady ( sing ) adorable ! third lady ( sing ) adorable ! a orchestral chord . the three lady turn to ottavio and sing to he . three lady ( sing together ) give I you hoof , my darling , and I will give you my heart ! take I to you stable , and never more we will part ! ottavio ( sing : four male voice ) I be shy and very bashful . I do not know what to say . three lady ( sing together ) do not hesitate a second . just answer yes and neigh . ottavio neigh loudly , and run at the girl . commendatore ( speak ) stop it . what be you do ? remember who you be ! you be a horse and they be whore . boos from the audience . schikaneder ( speak ) this be ridiculous . I will not have any of it . you be turn my house into a circus ! a trapeze sail in from above . on it stand a grand soprano wear a elaborate turkish costume , like a parody of cavalieri 's in Il seraglio . she come in sing a mad coloratura scale in the manner of martern aller arten . schikaneder ( speak ) shut up . woman , woman , woman ! I be sick to death of they . he march off stage . soprano ( sing dramatically ) dash I ! bash I ! lash I ! flay I ! slay I ! at last I will be freed by death ! commendatore shut up . soprano ( swinging and sing ) kill I ! kill I ! kill I ! kill I ! at last I shall be freed by death . at last I shall be freed by dea - the commendatore pull out he sword , reach up and thrust she through with it . the soprano collapse on the bar of the trapeze . the audience applaud . at the same moment eight dwarve march in bear a huge cauldron of steaming water . they sing as they march to the sound of the march that be cut from Act III of figaro . they be dress as miniature copy of the chorus in that scene except that they be wear cook ' hat . EIGHT dwarve ( sing ) we be go to make a soprano stew ! we be go to make a soprano stew ! and when you make a soprano stew ! any stupid soprano will do ! any stew - stew -stew -stew -stew ! any stewpid soprano will do ! they set the giant pot down in the middle of the stage . the trapeze with the dead soprano be still swinging above the stage . we hear the chromatic scale from the Don Giovanni overture again , repeat and repeat , only now fast and tremolando . to this exciting vamp schikaneder suddenly ride in on a real horse , wave a real sword . with this he cut the string of the trapeze , and the soprano fall into the pot . a tremendous splash of water . schikaneder ride out . more applause . all the dwarve produce long wooden cooking spoon and climb up the side of the pot . the three girl produce label bottle from under they skirt . the first be salt . first lady ( sing ) behold ! pepper second lady ( sing ) behold ! she sneeze . and schnapp third lady ( sing ) behold ! she hiccup . they throw they into the pot . commendatore ( speak to the dwarve ) how long do it take to cook a soprano ? dwarve ( all together ) five hour , five minute , five second . commendatore ( speak ) I can not wait that long . I be starve ! ottavio ( speak ; four voice ) so be i. schikaneder march in as figaro . schikaneder ( sing to the tune of non piu ante ) in the pot , I have get a good dinner . not a sausage or stew , but a singer . not a sausage or stew but a singer . be the treat that I will eat for my meat ! commendatore oh shut up . I be sick to death of that tune . cu , mozart laugh delightedly with the audience . the three girl ( sing again to the horse ) give I you hoof , my darling , and I will give you my heart . commendatore shut up . I be sick of that one too . all the dwarve climb up the rim of the pot . as they climb , they all hum together the open of eine kleine nachtmusik . commendatore and that one , too ! the soprano rise , drip with water in the middle of the pot . soprano ( sing ) oil I ! broil I ! boil I ! all the dwarve beat she back down into the pot with they long wooden spoon . soprano ( from inside the pot ) soil I ! foil I ! spoil I ! horse I can not eat she . sopranos give I hiccup . I want some hay ! first lady ( sing to schikaneder ) hey ! second lady ( sing to schikaneder ) hey ! third lady ( sing to schikaneder ) hey ! schikaneder hey what ? all three lady ( sing to La oi daram ) give he some hay , my darling , and I will give you my heart ! commendatore shut up . schikaneder leporello ! we want some hay - prestissimo ! leporello - where be you ? the table be raise in the air by leporello sit under it on a bale of hay . first lady ( sing to horse ) behold ! second lady ( sing to horse ) behold ! third lady ( sing to horse ) behold ! ottavio the horse give a pierce neigh and run down to the hay . commendatore ( hold on ) hey ! hey ! watch out ! the vamp start again vigorously . the horse 's rear - end swing around on a hinge to turn he hind - quarter straight on to the audience . the rest of he stay sideways . his tail spring up in the air to reveal a lace handkerchief modestly hide he arsehole . schikaneder offer he a handful of hay . the horse eat it , and out the other end come a long viennese sausage . the audience roar with laughter . another handful of hay and out of the other end fall a string of sausage . then a large pie , crust and all . then a shower of iced cake ! suddenly - silence . schikaneder produce a egg from he pocket . ottavio the horse rear up in disgust . commendatore whoa ! whoa , ottavio ! whoa ! leporello pries open the horse 's mouth . schikaneder pop the egg into it . a breathless pause as a drum roll build the tension , up and up and up , and then suddenly out of the horse 's rear - end fly a single white dove . Wild applause . it fly into the audience . immediately all the cast start hum the lyrical finale from figaro : tutti contenti . more and more dove fly out from the wing and fill the theatre . everybody pick up the sausage and cake and begin to eat . the end of the sketch be unexpectedly lyrical and magical , and then , suddenly , the tempo change and the coarse strain of ich mochte wohl Der kaiser take over and the whole company be dance , frantically . a general dance as the curtain fall . it rise immediately . the audience - include mozart - be delighted . they applaud vigorously . schikaneder take a bow amongst he troupe . among much whistling and clap , he finally jump off the stage and stride through the audience toward the table where mozart sit with he family . on stage , a troupe of bag piper immediately appear to play a old german tune . some of the audience join in sing it . schikaneder well , how do you like that ? mozart be smile ; he have be amused . constanze have be less amused and be look apprehensive . mozart wonderful ! ( indicate he baby son ) he like the monkey , do not you ? schikaneder yes , well , it 's all good fun . mozart I like the horse . schikaneder sit at the table , and drink from a bottle of wine . schikaneder be not he marvelous ? he cost I a bundle , that horse , but he 's worth it . I tell you , if you would play Don Giovanni here it would have be a great success . I be not joke . this people be not fool . you could do something marvelous for they . mozart I would like to try they someday . I be not sure I would be much good at it . schikaneder ' course you would . you belong here , my boy , not the snobby Court . you could do anything you feel like here - the more fantastic the better ! that 's what people want , you know : fantasy . you do a big production , fill it with beautiful magic trick and you will be absolutely free to do anything you want . of course , you would have to put a fire in it , because I have get the best fire machine in the city and a big flood - I can do you the finest water effect you ever see in you life . oh , and a few trick animal . you would have to use that . mozart animal ? schikaneder I tell you I pick up a snake in dresden last week - twelve foot long - fold up to six inch , just like a paper fan . it 's a miracle . mozart laugh . schikaneder I be serious . you write a proper part for I with a couple of catchy song , I will guarantee you will have a triumph - de -luxe . mind you , it will have to be in german . mozart german ! schikaneder of course ! what else do you think they speak here ? mozart no , no , I love that . I would want it to be in german . I have not do anything in german since seraglio . schikaneder so there you be . what do you say ? constanze how much will you pay he ? schikaneder ah. well . ah , ( to mozart ) I see you have get you manager with you . well , Madame , how about half the receipt ? mozart half the receipt ! stanzi! constanze I be talk about now . how much will you give he now ? down payment ? schikaneder down payment ? who do you think I be ? the Emperor ? whoops , I have to go . he rise in haste for he next number . schikaneder stay where you be . you be go to like this next one . we will speak again . triumph - de-luxe , my boy ! he wink at mozart and disappear toward the stage . mozart look after he , enchant . constanze you be not go to do this ? mozart why not ? half the house ! constanze when ? we need money now . either he pay now , or you do not do it . mozart oh , stanzi . constanze I do not trust this man . and I do not like what he do with you opera . it be common . mozart ( to Karl ) well , you like it , do not you ? monkey-flunki-punki . constanze half the house ! you will never see a penny . I want it here , in my hand . mozart ( dirty ) stanzi-manzi , I will put it in you hand ! constanze shut up ! I will not let you put anything in my hand until I see some money . he giggle like a child . CUT to : int . schlumberg house - hallway - day 1780 ' S dog be bark wickedly . Michael schlumberg come in from he salon . mozart stand there look very unwell and bewilder . he be also drunk , but make a careful attempt to keep he composure . schlumberg herr mozart . what a surprise . what can I do for you ? mozart be my pupil still anxious to learn the art of music ? schlumberg well , you pupil be marry and live in mannheim , young man . mozart really ? perhaps you dear wife might care to profit from my instruction ? schlumberg what be this , mozart ? what 's the matter with you ? mozart well . since it appear nobody be eager to hire my service , could you favour I with a little money instead ? schlumberg what for ? mozart if a man can not earn , he must borrow . schlumberg well , this be hardly the way to go about it . mozart no doubt , sir . but I be endow with talent , and you with money . if I offer mine , you should offer yours . pause . schlumberg I be sorry . no. mozart please . I will give it back , I promise . please , sir . schlumberg my answer be no , mozart . cu , mozart . his voice become mechanical . mozart please . please . please . please . please . please . CUT to : int . the imperial library - day - 1790 ' S von swieten and salieri stand close together . several scholar and student be examine scroll and manuscript at the other end of the room . von swieten ( keep he voice down ) this be embarrassing , you know . you introduce mozart to some of my friend and he 's begging from practically all of they . it have to stop . salieri I agree , Baron . von swieten can not you think of anyone who might commission some work from he ? I have do my best . I get he to arrange some bach for my Sunday concert . he get a fee - what I could afford . can not you think of anyone who might do something for he ? salieri no , Baron , no . I be afraid mozart be a lose cause . he have manage to alienate practically the whole of Vienna . he be constantly drunk . he never pay he debt . I can not think of one person to whom I dare recommend he . von swieten how sad . it 's tragic , be not it ? such a talent . salieri indeed . just a moment - as a matter of fact I think I do know someone who could commission a work from he . a very appropriate person to do so . yes . the open measure of the piano concerto in D minor steal in . CUT to : int . the costume shop - vienna - day - 1790 ' S this be exactly the same shop which mozart and constanze visit with Leopold . now salieri 's servant stand in it , wait . we see a few other customer be serve by the staff : rent mask , costume , etc . one of the staff emerge from the back of the shop carry a large box , which he hand to salieri 's servant . the servant leave the shop . through the window we see he hurry away through the snowy street full of passer - by , carriage , etc . int . salieri's apartment - dusk - 1790 ' S the D minor concerto continue . salieri , alone , eagerly open the box from the costume shop and take out the same dark cloak and hat that Leopold wear to the masquerade , only now attach to the hat be a dark mask whose mouth be cut into a frown , not a laugh . it present a bitter and menace expression . he put on the cloak , the hat and the mask and turn he back . suddenly we see the assemble and alarming image reflect in a full - length mirror . the music swell darkly . CUT to : ext . a snowy STREET in vienna - dusk - 1790 ' S as the tutti of the D minor concerto continue , we see salieri , dress in this menace costume , dark against the snow , stalking through a street which be otherwise lively with people go to various festivity . some of they wear frivolous carnival clothes . int . moharta live room - dusk - 1790 ' S mozart sit write at a table . he appear now to be really quite sick . his face express pain from he stomach cramp . there be a gentle knock at the door . he rise , go to he door and open it . immediately there be a SHOCK CUT : the dark , frown mask stare at he and at we . the violent D minor chord which open Don Giovanni be hear . salieri in costume stand in the doorway . salieri herr mozart ? the second chord sound and fade . mozart stare in panic . salieri I have come to commission work from you . mozart what work ? salieri a mass for the dead . mozart what dead ? who be dead ? salieri a man who deserve a requiem mass and never get one . mozart who be you ? salieri I be only a messenger . do you accept ? you will be pay well . mozart how much ? salieri extend he hand . in it be a bag of money . salieri fifty ducat . another fifty when I have the mass . do you accept ? almost against he will , mozart take the money . mozart how long will you give I ? salieri work fast . and be sure to tell no one what you do . you will see I again soon . he turn away . mozart close the front door . instantly we hear the open of the requiem mass ( also in D minor ) . mozart turn and look up at the portrait of he father on the wall . the portrait stare back . constanze open the door from the bedroom . she see he stare up . constanze wolfi ? wolfi! he look at she with startle eye . the music break off . constanze who be that ? mozart no one . constanze I hear voice . he give a strange little giggle . constanze what 's the matter ? she see the bag of money . constanze what 's that ? oh ! ( pounce on it ) who give you this ? how much be it ? wolfi , who give you this ? mozart I be not tell you . constanze why not ? mozart you would think I be mad . he stare at she . she stare at he . int . old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 Old salieri be now wildly animated , totally drive by he confession to vogler . old salieri my plan be so simple , it terrify I . first I must get the death mass and then achieve the death . vogler stare at he in horror . vogler what ? old salieri his funeral - imagine it ! the Cathedral , all Vienna sit there . his coffin , mozart 's little coffin in the middle . and suddenly in that silence , music . a divine music burst out over they all , a great mass of death : requiem mass for wolfgang mozart , compose by he devote friend Antonio salieri . what sublimity ! what depth ! what passion in the music ! salieri have be touch by God at last . and God , force to listen . powerless - powerless to stop it . I at the end , for once , laugh at him . do you understand ? do you ? vogler yes . old salieri the only thing that worried I be the actual kill . how do one do that ? how do one kill a man ? it 's one thing to dream about it . it 's very different when you have to do it , with you own hand . he raise he own hand and stare at they . the raging die irae from mozart 's requiem mass burst upon we . CUT to : int . moharta apartment - live room - night - 1790 ' S mozart sit work frantically at this demonic music . his whole expression be one of wildness and engulf fever . he pour wine down he throat , spilling it , and grimace as it hit he stomach . all around he be manuscript . there be a bang at the front door . mozart do not hear it ; the music rave on . another knock come , louder . constanze appear from the bedroom and stare at she distract husband . the knock be repeat again , even more violently and insistently . constanze wolfi . wolfi! he look at she . the music break off . silence . a enormous bang at the door startles he . constanze move to open it . mozart no . do not answer it ! constanze why ? mozart spring up . he be clearly terrify . mozart tell he I be not here . tell he I be work on it . come back later . he run out of he room , into he workroom , and shut he door . now a little scared herself , constanze go to he front door and open it cautiously . schikaneder stand there , floridly dress as usual . lorl be see peek out from the kitchen . schikaneder be I interrupt something ? constanze not at all . schikaneder ( peer into he room ) where 's we friend ? constanze he 's not in . but he 's work on it . he say to tell you . schikaneder I hope so . I need it immediately . he push she into the room . schikaneder be he happy with it ? he see he manuscript on the table , and go to it eagerly . schikaneder be this it ? he pick up a page without wait for a reply . schikaneder what the devil be this ? requiem mass ? do he think I be in the funeral business ? mozart open he workroom door . we see he as schikaneder see he : wild - eye , extremely pale and strange . mozart leave that alone ! schikaneder wolfi ! mozart put it down ! schikaneder what be this ? mozart put it down , I say ! it 's nothing for you . schikaneder oh ! I be sorry ! I be sorry ! what have you get for I ? be it finish ? mozart what ? schikaneder what ? the vaudeville , what would you think ? mozart yes . schikaneder can I see it ? mozart no . schikaneder why not ? mozart because there 's nothing to see . he giggle triumphantly . schikaneder stare at he . schikaneder look , I ask you if we could start rehearsal next week and you say yes . mozart well , we can . schikaneder so let I see it . where be it ? mozart , with a bright , rather dement smile present he head to schikaneder . mozart here . it 's all right here , in my noodle . the rest be just scribbling . scribble and bibbling . bibbling and scribbling . would you like a drink ? he giggle . schikaneder suddenly grab he lapel . schikaneder look , you little clown , do you know how many people I have hire for you ? do you know how many people be wait ? constanze leave he alone ! schikaneder I be pay this people . do you realize that ? constanze he 's do he best . schikaneder I be pay people just to wait for you . it 's ridiculous ! constanze you know what 's ridiculous ? you libretto , that 's what 's ridiculous . only a idiot would ask wolfi to work on that stuff ! schikaneder oh yes ? and what 's so intelligent about write a requiem ? constanze money ! money ! schikaneder you be mad ! she 's mad , wolfi . constanze oh yes , and who be you ? he 's work for king . for the emperor. ( shouting ) who be you ? schikaneder suddenly take mozart by the arm , and speak to he with intense appeal . schikaneder listen , wolfi . write it . please . just write it down . on paper . it 's no good to anyone in you head . and fuck the death mass . int . salieri be salon - day - 1790 ' S a frighten and tearful lorl sit before salieri . salieri now calm yourself . calm . what 's the matter with you ? lorl I be leave . I be not work there anymore . I be scared ! salieri why ? what have happen ? lorl you do not know what it 's like . herr mozart frighten I . he drink all day , then take all that medicine and it make he worse . salieri what medicine ? lorl I do not know . he have pain . salieri where ? lorl here , in he stomach . they bend he right over . salieri be he work ? lorl I be frighten , sir . really ! when he speak , he do not make any sense . you know he say he see - he say he see he father . and he father 's dead . salieri be he work ? lorl I suppose so . he sit there all he time , do some silly opera . salieri ( startle ) Opera ? Opera ! lorl please do not ask I to go back again . I be frighten ! I be very , very frighten . salieri ( insistently ) be you sure it 's a opera ? the overture to the Magic flute begin grandly . to the music of the slow introduction , we see : int . moharta apartment - live room - night - 1790 ' S the room , light by a few candle , appear dirty . the camera show we again Leopold 's portrait on the wall , look down upon a scene of disorder . paper litter the table ; dirty dish be pile in the fireplace ; on the forte-piano lie mozart 's masonic apron , woven with symbol . to the more lyrical passage of the introduction , we see mozart take up a candle and enter : int . moharta apartment - bedroom - night - 1790 ' S we watch he stand beside constanze , who lie asleep . mozart now look very ill ; he wife appear wear out . tenderly he touch she hair . then he move to the cot where he son Karl lie asleep and kneel , pull up the child 's little blanket and for a moment lay he own head down beside the boy' . constanze open she eye and stare at he . mozart rise and return to : int . moharta apartment - live room - night - 1790 ' S the introduction end and suddenly the brilliant fast fugue begin . instantly mozart start to dance to it , all alone : gleefully , like a child . he look up at he father 's portrait , and make a silly , rude gesture at it . he be , briefly , a irresponsible and happy boy again . then suddenly there be a gentle knock at the door . the music fade down . warily , mozart cross and open he door . the familiar dark chord from Don Giovanni cut across the happy music . it end . before he stand the mask stranger . mozart I do not have it yet . it 's not finish . I be sorry , but I need more time . salieri be you neglect my request ? mozart no , no ! I promise you , I will give you a wonderful piece - the best I ever can ! he turn and look . constanze have come into the live room . nervously , mozart indicate she . mozart this be my wife , stanzi . I have be sick , but I be all right now . be not I ? constanze oh yes , sir . he 's all right . and he 's work on it very hard . mozart give I two more week . please . salieri contemplate they both . salieri the sooner you finish , the better you reward . work ! he turn and go down the stair . mozart shut the door ; he close he eye in fear . constanze wolfi , I think you really be go mad . you work like a slave for that idiot actor who will not give you a penny and here . this be not a ghost ! this be a real man who put down real money . why on earth do not you finish it ? he will not look at she or reply . constanze give I one reason I can understand . mozart I can not write it ! constanze why not ? mozart it 's kill I . he look at she suddenly . constanze no , this be really awful . you be drunk , be not you ? be honest - tell I - you have be drink . and I be so stupid I stay here and listen to you ! suddenly she start to cry . constanze it 's not fair ! I worry about you all the time . I try to help you all I can and you just drink and talk nonsense and - and frighten I ! it 's not fair ! her tear flow . mozart look at she helplessly . mozart go back to bed . constanze please ! let I sit here . let I stay here with you . I promise I will not say all word . I will just be here , so you know no one 's go to hurt you . please , please ! she sit down tearfully , stare at he . we hear the rex tremendai majestatis from the requiem and see on the wall the portrait of Leopold mozart look down . the camera pan slowly downward from it back to the table . mozart be write the music . he look up and see that constanze be fast asleep in she chair . mozart get up quietly . he put on he hat and cloak , take a bottle of wine and tiptoe from the house . without stop , the music change from the heavy requiem to the light - heart patter of the papa- papa duet from the Magic flute . CUT to : int . schikaneder's summer house - night - 1790 ' S this little wooden structure stand in a courtyard in the tenement by the weiden . Inside , we see a table , chair , a forte-piano , bottle and a chaos of papers . strewn about in the chair be the three actress , giggle . schikaneder and mozart , both drunk , be sing the duet of the two bird - people . the actor sing papageno and the composer , in a soprano voice , sing papagena at the keyboard . absurdly , they end up rub nose and fall on each other 's neck . ext . vienna STREET - night - 1790 ' S mozart , drunk and happy , stagger back through the snow . there be a few people about . he go into he apartment building . int . moharta apartment - day - 1790 ' S he come through he door and stare across the live room at a open bedroom door . puzzle , he cross . the bedroom be also empty . we see constanze 's empty bed ; Karl 's empty bed ; empty closet . mozart stanzi ? stanzi-marini-bini ? he look about he , puzzle . int . frau weber be house - live room - day - 1790 ' S frau weber sit grimly talk . mozart sit also , completely exhaust and passive under the rain of she constant speech . frau weber she 's not come back , you know . she 's go for good . I do it and I be proud of it . ' leave , ' I say . ' right away ! take he child and go , just go . here 's the money ! go to the spa and get you health back - that 's if you can . ' I be shocked . shock to my foundation . be that my girl ? can that be my stanzi ? the happy little moppet I bring up , that poor tremble thing ? oh , you monster ! no one exist but you , do they ? you and you music ! do you know how often she 's sit in that very chair , weep she eye out of she head because of you ? I warn she . ' choose a man , not a baby , ' I say . but would she listen ? who listen ? ' he 's just a silly boy , ' she say . silly , my arse . selfish - that 's all you be . selfish ! selfish , selfish , selfish , selfish , selfish . and with a scream Madame weber 's voice turn into the shrill pack coloratura of the second act aria of the Queen of the night , in the Magic flute . dissolve to : int . schikaneder's theatre - night - 1790 ' S on stage we see the queen of the night fantastically costume , furiously urging she daughter to kill sarastro . as she sing , we see the interior of the theatre , now re-arranged from when we last visit it to watch the cabaret . a audience of ordinary german citizen stand in the pit area , or sit : they be rapt and excited . the theatre also possess box ; some of this show close curtain - they inhabitant presumably engage in private intimacy . in one of they sit salieri . queen of the night ( sing furiously ) a hellish wrath within my heart be seethe ! death and destruction flame around my throne ! if not by thee sarastro 's light be extinguish . then be thou mine own daughter never more ! rejected be forever ! so sunder be forever all the bond of kin and blood ! hear ! hear ! hear God of Vengeance ! hear thy mother 's vow ! Thunder and lightning . she disappear amidst tremendous applause from the audience . CUT to : ext . outside the theatre - night - 1790 ' S on the poster for the Magic flute , the name emmanuel schikaneder should appear very , very large and the name of mozart quite small : i. &amp ; R. priv . weiden theatre the actor of the Imperial and Royal privileged theatre of the weiden have the honour to perform the magic flute a Grand Opera in two act by emmanuel schikaneder ( the cast list ) the music be by herr wolfgang amadeus mozart . herr mozart out of respect for a gracious and honourable Public , and from friendship for the author of this piece , will today direct the orchestra in person . the book of the opera , furnish with two copperplate , of which be engrave herr schikaneder in the costume he wear for the role of papageno , may be have at the box office for 30 kr . price of admission be as usual to begin at 7 o'clock int . stage , auditorium and wing of schikaneder's theatre - night - 1790 ' S we CUT to the scene immediately before papageno 's song , ein madchen oder weibchen . papageno , play by schikaneder , dress in he costume of feather , be try to get through a mysterious door . a voice call from within . voice go back ! papageno recoil . papageno merciful god ! if only I know by which door I come in . ( to audience ) which be it ? be it this one ? come on , tell I ! voice go back ! papageno recoil . papageno now , I can not go forward and I can not go back . oh , this be awful ! he weep extravagantly . in the pit , mozart indicate to the first violinist to take over as conductor . he slip from he place and go stealthily backstage . we follow he . over the scene we hear papageno be address by the first Priest in stern tone . first priest ( on stage ) man , thou hast deserve to wander forever in the darkest chasm of the earth . the gentle god have remitted thy punishment , but yet thou shalt never feel the Divine content of the consecrate one . papageno oh well , I be not alone in that . just give I a decent glass of wine - that 's divine content enough for I . laughter . a enormous goblet of wine appear out of the earth . we follow mozart into the wing . actor and actress stand around in fantastic costume . we see a fly chariot and part of a huge snake lie about . also the scenery door of a temple with the word ' wisdom ' inscribe on the pediment . mozart walk to where there stand a keyboard glockenspiel with several manual , and a musician wait to play it . silently mozart indicate that he wish to play the instrument himself . on stage schikaneder be be address haughtily by the first Priest . first priest man , hast thou no other desire on earth , but just to eat and drink ? papageno ( schikaneder ) well ! laughter from the audience . papageno well , actually I do have a rather weird feel in my heart . perhaps it 's just indigestion . but you know , I really would like - I really do want - something even nicer than food and drink . now what on earth could that be ? he stare at the audience and wink at they . they laugh . now papageno 's aria ( ein madchen oder weibchen ) begin . it be interpolate , as he pretend to play he magic bell , with the glockenspiel actually be play off-stage by mozart . schikaneder look into the pit and do not see mozart conduct . he look into the wing and realize the situation with amusement . he sing joyfully and the audience watch entrance . andante a sweetheart or a pretty little wife be papageno 's wish . a willing , billing , lovey dovey would be my most tasty little dish . be my most tasty little dish ! be my most tasty little dish ! allegro then that would be eat and drink I would live like a Prince without think . the wisdom of old would be mine - a woman 's much better than wine ! then that would be eat and drink ! the wisdom of old would be mine - a woman 's much better than wine . she 's much better than wine ! she 's much better than wine ! andante ( encore , lightly , as before ) a sweetheart or a pretty little wife be papageno 's wish . a willing , billing , lovey dovey would be my most tasty little dish . allegro I need to net one birdie only and I will stop feel so lonely . but if she will not fly to my aid , then into a ghost I must fade . I need to net one birdie only but if she will not fly to my aid , then into a ghost I must fade . to a ghost I must fade ! to a ghost I must fade ! andante ( encore ) a sweetheart or a pretty little wife be papageno 's wish . a willing , billing , lovey dovey would be my most tasty little dish . allegro at present the girl only peck I . they cruelty surely will wreck I . but one little beak in my own , and I will up to heaven be fly ! at present the girl only peck I . but one little beak in my own , and I will up to heaven be fly . up to heaven be fly ! up to heaven be fly ! at certain moment we see the stage from salieri 's point of view : schikaneder sing , then pretend to play ; and then we see mozart play the glockenspiel with great flourish in the wing . then , suddenly , the actor mime play , and no sound come . he mime again , but still nothing come . he look offstage in anxiety ; there be evidently some commotion . people be look down on the floor . the song come to a near-halt . schikaneder stare . then the comedian signal to the deputy conductor to pick up the song and finish it . at this moment salieri get up and hastily leave he box . CUT to : int . wing of schikaneder's theatre - night - 1790 ' S we see the actress play papagena , wear a old tatter cloak and about to tie a little paint cloth represent a hideous old woman over she face . she be look worriedly down at mozart , who be lie unconscious on the floor . a few people around he be try to revive he . one have put a wet handkerchief around he temple . another be hold a small bottle of smell salt . there be voice say , ' Doctor ! take he to a dress room . someone call a carriage . take he home . ' etc. papagena be urge to go on stage by a distract stage manager . suddenly we hear the voice of salieri . salieri I will take care of he . he step forward . salieri I have a carriage . Excuse I . the actor step back respectfully . he stoops and pick up the frail composer in he arm . mozart be quite limp and salieri have to fling he arm around he own neck . all this be watch nervously by schikaneder on stage whilst perform he scene with papagena as a ugly old woman . ugly old woman here I be , my angel . papageno ( appal ) what ? who the devil be you ? ugly old woman I have take pity on you , my angel . I hear you wish . papageno oh . well , thank you ! how wonderful . some people get all the luck . audience laughter . the actress raise the little paint cloth with the ugly old face on it to show she own pretty young one to the audience . more laughter . ugly old woman now you have get to promise I faithfully you will remain true to I forever . then you will see how tenderly you little birdie will love you . papageno ( nervous ) I can not wait . ugly old woman well , promise then . papageno what do you mean - now ? ugly old woman of course now . right away , before I get any older . laughter . papageno well , I do not know ! I mean you be a delicious , delightful , delectable little bird , but do not you think you might be just a little tough ? ugly old woman ( amorously ) oh , I be tender enough for you , my boy . I be tender enough for you . laughter . ext . schikaneder's theatre - night - 1790 ' S a wait sedan chair . mozart have recover consciousness , but look exceedingly ill . salieri have set he down in the winter 's night . snow be fall . mozart what happen ? be it over ? salieri I be take you home . you be not well . mozart no , no . I have to get back . I have - he start to collapse again . salieri help he into the sedan . the door be shut . the chair set off and salieri stride beside it , through the mean street . a lantern with a candle swing from the chair . int . moharta apartment - live room - night - 1790 ' S the door open . salieri enter carry the lantern from the sedan chair . he be follow by mozart , carry in the arm of one of the porter . the room be now really in complete disarray . the table be pile high with music : the page of the requiem lie amongst many empty wine bottle . the porter carry mozart into int . moharta apartment - bedroom - night - 1790 ' S this room be miserably neglect . the bed be unmade , clothes lie about on the floor . a sock have be stick into the break pane of one window . the porter lay mozart down on the bed as salieri light candle from the lantern to reveal plate of half - eat food and other sign leave by a man whose wife have depart . it be obviously very cold . another very small bed nearby belong to the child , Karl . salieri ( hand the porter the lantern ) thank you . go. the porter leave the room . mozart stir . mozart ( vaguely sing ) papa ! papa ! he open he eye and see salieri stare down at he . he smile . salieri come now . he help he to sit up and take off he coat and he shoe and put a coverlet around he . salieri where be you wife ? mozart not here ! she 's not well , either . she go to the spa. salieri you mean she 's not come back ? mozart you be so good to I . truly . thank you . salieri no , please . mozart I mean to come to my opera . you be the only colleague who do . he struggle to loosen he cravat . salieri do it for he . salieri I would never miss anything that you have write . you must know that . mozart this be only a vaudeville . salieri oh no . it be a sublime piece . the grandest operone . I tell you , you be the great composer know to I . mozart do you mean that ? salieri I do . mozart I have bad fancy . I do not sleep well anymore . then I drink too much , and think stupid thing . salieri be you ill ? mozart the doctor think I be . but - salieri what ? mozart I be too young to be so sick . there be a violent knock at the front door . mozart start and look around wildly . salieri shall I answer it ? mozart no ! no , it 's he ! salieri who ? mozart the man . he 's here . salieri what man ? the knock increase in loudness , terrifying mozart . mozart tell he to go away . tell he I be still work on it . do not let he in ! salieri move to the door . mozart wait ! ask he if he would give I some money now . tell he if he would , that would help I finish it . salieri finish what ? mozart he know . he know ! salieri leave the room . int . moharta apartment - live room - night - 1790 ' S salieri go to the front door and open it to reveal schikaneder , who have obviously come straight from the theatre . he still wear he bird make - up and under he street cloak , he feathered costume be clearly see . he have with he the three actress , also look anxious and also in make - up as the three attendant in the Magic flute . schikaneder herr salieri . salieri yes , I be look after he . schikaneder can we come in ? salieri well , he 's sleep now . better not . schikaneder but he 's all right ? salieri oh , yes . he 's just exhaust . he become dizzy , that 's all . we should let he rest . schikaneder well , tell he we be here , will not you ? salieri of course . schikaneder and say everything go wonderfully . a triumph- de- luxe - say that ! tell he the audience shout he name a hundred time . salieri bene . schikaneder I will call tomorrow . salieri yes. ( to the actress ) and congratulation to all of you . it be superb . actress thank you ! thank you , excellency ! schikaneder produce a bag of money . schikaneder oh , by the way , give he this . this be he share . that should cheer he up , eh ? salieri yes , indeed . goodnight to you all now . it be perfection - truly ! actress ( delighted ) goodnight , you excellency . goodnight ! they bob and curtsey . schikaneder stare at salieri , uneasily , vaguely suspicious . salieri smile back at he and shut the door . he stay for a moment , think . he contemplate the money . int . moharta apartment - bedroom - night - 1790 ' S mozart be sit up in bed , stare at the door . it open . salieri return . he hold in he hand the bag of money . mozart what happen ? salieri pour the coin out of the bag onto the coverlet . salieri he say to give you this . and if you finish the work by tomorrow night , he will pay you another hundred ducat . mozart look at the coin astonished . mozart another ? but that 's too soon ! tomorrow night ? it 's impossible ! do he say a hundred ? salieri yes . can I - could I help you , in any way ? mozart would you ? actually , you could . salieri my dear friend , it would be my great pleasure . mozart but you would have to swear not to tell a soul . I be not allow . salieri of course . mozart you know , it 's all here in my head . it 's just ready to be set down . but when I be dizzy like this my eye will not focus . I can not write . salieri then , let we try together . I would regard it as such a honour . tell I , what be this work ? mozart a mass . a mass for the Dead . CUT to : int . a SMALL dance hall - baden - night - 1790 ' S Trivial dance music be play . constanze be do a waltz with a young officer in military uniform . at the moment we see she , she stop abruptly , as if in panic . officer what be it ? constanze I want to go ! officer where ? constanze I want to go back to Vienna . officer now ? constanze yes ! officer why ? constanze I feel wrong . I feel wrong be here . officer ( lay a hand on she arm ) what be you talk about ? CUT to : int . moharta apartment - bedroom - night - 1790 ' S mozart be sit up in bed , propped against pillow . the coin lie on the coverlet ; many candle burn in the neck of bottle . salieri , without coat or wig , be seat at a improvise worktable . on it be blank sheet of music paper , quill , and ink . also the score of the requiem mass as so far compose . mozart be bright - eye with a kind of fever . salieri be also possess with a obviously feverish desire to put down the note as quickly as mozart can dictate they . mozart where do I stop ? salieri ( consulting the manuscript ) the end of the recordare - statuen in parte dextra . mozart so now the confutatis . confutatis maledictis . when the wick be confound . flammis acribus addictis . how would you translate that ? salieri consign to flame of woe . mozart do you believe in it ? salieri what ? mozart a fire which never die . Burning one forever ? salieri oh , yes . mozart strange ! salieri come . let 's begin . he take he pen . salieri confutatis maledictis . mozart we end in F Major ? salieri yes . mozart so now - a minor . suddenly . salieri write the key signature . mozart the Fire . salieri what time ? mozart common time . salieri write this , and continue now to write as swiftly and urgently as he can , at mozart 's dictation . he be obviously highly expert at do this and hardly hesitates . his speed , however , can never be too fast for mozart 's impatient mind . mozart start with the voice . bass first . second beat of the first measure - A. ( sing the note ) con-fu-ta-tis. ( speak ) second measure , second beat . ( sing ) ma-le-dic-tis. ( speak ) g-sharp , of course . salieri yes . mozart third measure , second beat start on E. ( sing ) flam-mis a-cri-bus ad-dic-tis . ( speak ) and fourth measure , fourth beat - D. ( sing ) ma-le-dic-tis , flam -mis a-cri-bus ad- dic-tis. ( speak ) do you have that ? salieri I think so . mozart sing it back . salieri sing back the first six measure of the bass line . after the first two measure a chorus of bass fade in on the soundtrack and engulf he voice . they stop . mozart good . now the tenor . fourth beat of the first measure - c. ( sing ) con-fu-ta-tis. ( speak ) second measure , fourth beat on D. ( sing ) ma-le-dic-tis. ( speak ) all right ? salieri yes . mozart fourth measure , second beat - f. ( sing ) flam-mis a-cri-bus ad-dic-tis , flam - mis a-cri-bus ad-dic-tis . his voice be lose on the last word , as tenor engulf it and take over the soundtrack , sing they whole line from the beginning , right to the end of the sixth measure where the bass stop , but he go on mouth the sound with they . salieri write feverishly . we see he pen jotting down the note as quickly as possible : the ink flick onto the page . the music stop again . mozart now the orchestra . second bassoon and bass trombone with the bass . identical note and rhythm . ( he hurriedly hum the open note of the bass vocal line ) the first bassoon and tenor trombone - salieri ( labour to keep up ) please ! just one moment . mozart glare at he , irritate . his hand move impatiently . salieri scribbles frantically . mozart it could not be simpler . salieri ( finish ) first bassoon and tenor trombone - what ? mozart with the tenor . salieri also identical ? mozart exactly . the instrument to go with the voice . trumpets and timpani , tonic and dominant . he again hum the bass vocal line from the beginning , conduct . on the soundtrack , we hear the second bassoon and bass trombone play it with he and the first bassoon and tenor trombone come in on top , play the tenor vocal line . we also hear the trumpet and timpani . the sound be bare and grim . it stop at the end of the sixth measure . salieri stop write . salieri and that 's all ? mozart oh no . now for the fire. ( he smile ) string in unison - ostinato on all - like this . he sing the urgent first measure of the ostinato . mozart ( speak ) second measure on B. he sing the second measure of the ostinato . mozart ( speak ) do you have I ? salieri I think so . mozart show I . salieri sing the first two measure of the string ostinato . mozart ( excitedly ) good , good - yes ! put it down . and the next measure exactly the same , rise and rise - C to D to E , up to the dominant chord . do you see ? as salieri write , mozart sing the ostinato from the beginning , but the unaccompany string overwhelm he voice on the soundtrack , play the first six bar of they agitate accompaniment . they stop . salieri that 's wonderful ! mozart yes , yes - go on . the voca me. suddenly sotto voce . write that down : sotto voce , pianissimo . voca I cum benedictis . call I among the bless . he be now sit bolt upright , hushed and inspire . mozart C Major . sopranos and alto in third . alto on c. sopranos above . ( sing the alto part ) vo-ca , vo - can I , vo - can I cum be - not - dic-tis . salieri sopranos up to F on the second ' voca ' ? mozart yes , and on ' dictis ' . salieri yes ! he write feverishly . mozart and underneath , just violin - arpeggio . he sing the violin figure under the voca I ( bar 7 , 8,9 ) . mozart ( speak ) the descend scale in eighth note , and then back suddenly to the fire again . he sing the ostinato phrase twice . mozart ( speak ) and that 's it . do you have it ? salieri you go fast ! mozart ( urgently ) do you have it ? salieri yes . mozart then let I hear it . all of it . the whole thing from the beginning - now ! the entire confutatis burst over the room , as mozart snatch the manuscript page from salieri and read from it , sing . salieri sit look on in wonder astonishment . the music continue right through the follow scene , to the end of the movement . ext . a country road - winter night - 1790 ' S a carriage be drive fast through the night . snow lie on the countryside . int . the carriage night - 1790 ' S the carriage be fill with passenger . among they constanze and Karl , she young son . they be sleepless and sway to the motion of the vehicle . int . moharta apartment - bedroom - night - 1790 ' S mozart lie in bed exhaust , but still dictating urgently . we do not hear what he be say to salieri , who still sit write assiduously . mozart be look very sick : sweat be pour from he forehead . ext . a country road - winter night - 1790 ' S the carriage , move through the night , to the sound of the music . int . moharta apartment - bedroom - night - 1790 ' S mozart still dictating ; salieri still write without stop . ext . vienna STREET - dawn - 1790' . the carriage have arrive . constanze and she son alight with other passenger . postillion attend to the horse . she take she boy 's hand . it be a cold wintry dawn . the music stutter to a close . end of the confutatis . int . moharta apartment - bedroom - night - 1790 ' S mozart do you want to rest a bit ? salieri oh no . I be not tired at all . mozart we will stop for just a moment . then we will do the lacrimosa . salieri I can keep go , I assure you . shall we try ? mozart would you stay with I while I sleep a little ? salieri I be not leave you . mozart I be so ashamed . salieri what for ? mozart I be foolish . I think you do not care for my work - or I . forgive I . forgive I ! mozart close he eye . salieri stare at he . ext . vienna STREET - wintry dawn - 1790 ' S constanze and Karl approach along the cobble street , hand in hand toward they house . snow lie in the street . int . moharta apartment - bedroom - dawn - 1790 ' S mozart lie asleep in the bed , hold the last page of the manuscript . salieri lie across from he on Karl 's small bed in he shirt sleeve and waistcoat . the child 's bed be obviously too small for he and he be force in to a cramped position . ext . moharta apartment house - dawn - 1790 ' S constanze and Karl arrive at the door . they enter . int . moharta apartment - live room - dawn - 1790 ' S it be as disorder as before , save that the table , previously litter with page , be now completely bare . constanze look at it with surprise and enter the bedroom . int . moharta apartment - bedroom - dawn - 1790 ' S mozart be asleep in the bed . salieri be doze on the nearby child 's bed . the room be full of the trail smoke from gutter and gutter candle . startle by constanze 's entrance and she young son , salieri scramble up . as he do so , he attempt to button he waistcoat , but do it ineptly , so that the vestment become bunched up , make he look absurd . constanze what be you do here ? salieri you husband be ill , mar 'am . he take sick . I bring he home . constanze why you ? salieri I be at hand . constanze well , thank you very much . you can go now . salieri he need I , mar 'am . constanze no , he do not . and I do not want you here . just go , please . salieri he ask I to stay . constanze and I be ask you - she notice a movement from the bed . mozart wake . he see constanze and smile with real joy . forgetting salieri , she go to she husband . constanze wolfi , I be back . I be still very angry with you , but I miss you so much . she throw herself on the bed . constanze I will never leave you again . if you will just try a little harder to be nice to I . and I will try to do better , too . we must . we must ! this be just silly and stupid . she hug she husband desperately . he stare at she with obvious relief , not able to speak . suddenly she see the manuscript in he hand . constanze what be this ? she look at it and recognize it . constanze oh no , not this . not this , wolfi ! you be not to work on this ever again ! I have decide . she take it from he weak hand . at the same moment salieri reach out he hand to take it and add it to the pile on the table . she stare at he , try to understand - suspicious and frighten and at the same time unable to make a sound . mozart make a convulsive gesture to reclaim the page . the coin bring by salieri fall on the floor . Karl run after they , laugh . constanze ( to salieri ) this be not he handwrite . salieri no . I be assist he . he ask I . constanze he 's not go to work on this anymore . it be make he ill . please . she extend she hand for the requiem , as she stand up . salieri hesitates . constanze ( hard ) please . with extreme reluctance - it cost he agony to do it - salieri hand over the score of the requiem to she . constanze thank you . she march with the manuscript over to a large chest in the room , open it , throw the manuscript inside , shut the lid , lock it and pocket the key . involuntarily salieri stretch out he arm for the lose manuscript . salieri but - but - but - she turn and face he . constanze good night . he stare at she , stunne . constanze I regret we have no servant to show you out , herr salieri . respect my wish and go . salieri Madame , I will respect he . he ask I to stay here . they look at each other in mutual hatred . she turn to the bed . mozart appear to have go to sleep again . constanze wolfi ? ( louder ) wolfi ? she move to the bed . the child be play with the coin on the floor . faintly we hear the start of the lacrimosa from the requiem . salieri watch as she touch she husband 's hand . as the music grow , we realize that mozart be dead . cu , constanze stare wide - eye in dawn apprehension . cu , salieri also comprehend hat he have be cheat . the music rise . cu , the child on the floor , play with the money . CUT to : ext . stephen' cathedral - vienna - a rainy day - 1790 ' S the lacrimosa continue through all of the follow : a small group of people emerge from the side door into the raw , wet day , accompany a cheap wooden coffin . the coffin be borne by a gravedigger and schikaneder in mourn clothes . they load it onto a cart , draw by a poor black horse . all the rest be in black , also : salieri , von swieten , constanze and she son , Karl , Madame weber and she youngest daughter Sophie , and even lorl , the may . it be drizzle . the cart set off . the group follow . CUT to : ext . outside the CITY wall of vienna - rainy day - 1790 ' S the group have already pass beyond the city limit follow the miserable cart . the lacrimosa accompany they with its measure thread . the drizzle of rain have now become heavy . one by one , the group break up and shelter under the tree . the cart move on toward the cemetery , alone , follow by nobody , grow more and more distant . they watch it go . salieri and von swieten shake hand mournfully , the water soaking they black tall hat . schikaneder be in tear . constanze be near collapse . salieri move to assist she , but she turn away from he , seek the arm of cavalieri . Madame weber take Karl 's hand . the music build to its climax on dona eis pacem ! we CUT back to : int . old salieri's hospital room - morning - 1823 Morning light fill the room . Old salieri sit weep convulsively , as the music stop . tear stream down he face . vogler watch he , amaze . vogler why ? why ? why ? why add to you misery by confess to murder ? you do not kill he . old salieri I do . vogler no , you do not ! old salieri I poison he life . vogler but not he body . old salieri what difference do that make ? vogler my son , why should you want all Vienna to believe you a murderer ? be that you penance ? be it ? old salieri no , Father . from now on no one will be able to speak of mozart without think of I . whenever they say mozart with love , they will have to say salieri with loathing . and that 's my immortality - at last ! we name will be tie together for eternity - he in fame and mine in infamy . at least it 's better than the total oblivion he would plan for I , you merciful God ! vogler oh my son , my poor son ! old salieri do not pity I . pity yourself . you serve a wick God . he kill mozart , not i. take he , snatch he away , without pity . he destroy his beloved rather than let a mediocrity like I get the smallest share in he glory . he do not care . understand that . God care nothing for the man he deny and nothing either for the man he use . he break mozart in half when he would finish with he , and throw he away . like a old , wear out flute . ext . cemetery of ST . marx - late afternoon - 1790 ' S the rain have ease off . a local priest with two boy acolyte be stand beside a open communal grave . mozart 's body be lift out of the cheap pine box in a sack . we see that the grave contain twenty other such sack . the gravedigger throw the one contain mozart amongst the other . a assistant pour quicklime over the whole pile of they . the acolyte swing they censer . local priest the Lord giveth . the Lord taketh away . bless be the name of the Lord . CUT back to : int . old salieri's hospital room - morning - 1823 old salieri why do he do it ? why do not he kill I ? I have no value . what be the use , keep I alive for thirty - two year of torture ? thirty - two year of honour and award . he tear off the civilian Medal and chain with which the Emperor invest he and have be wear the whole time and throw it across the room . old salieri be bow to and salute , call ' distinguished - distinguished salieri ' - by man incapable of distinguishing ! thirty - two year of meaningless fame to end up alone in my room , watch myself become extinct . my music grow fainter , all the time fainter , until no one play it at all . and he grow louder , fill the world with wonder . and everyone who love my sacred art cry , mozart ! bless you , mozart . the door open . a attendant come in , cheerful and hearty . attendant good morning , Professor ! time for the water closet . and then we have get you favourite breakfast for you - sugar-rolls . ( to vogler ) he love that . Fresh sugar-rolls . salieri ignore he and stare only at the priest , who stare back . old salieri Goodbye , Father . I will speak for you . I speak for all mediocrity in the world . I be they champion . I be they patron saint . on they behalf I deny him , you God of no mercy . you God who torture man with longing they can never fulfill . he may forgive I : I shall never forgive him . he sign to the attendant , who wheel he in he chair out of the room . the priest stare after he . int . corridor of the hospital - morning the corridor be fill with patient in white linen smock , all take they morning exercise walk in the care of nurse and nun . they form a long , wretch , strange procession - some of they be clearly very disturb . as Old salieri be push through they in he wheelchair , he lift he hand to they in benediction . old salieri mediocrity everywhere , now and to come : I absolve you all ! amen ! amen ! amen ! finally , he turn full - face to the camera and bless we the audience , make the sign of the Cross . underneath we hear , steal in and grow louder , the tremendous masonic funeral Music of mozart . on the last four chord , we fade out : the end