amelia written by Ronald bass &amp ; Anna Hamilton phelan September 14 , 2007 1 1 ext . bar , lae , new guinea - day close on a mud-streaked airfield in mist and drive rain . a lockheed electra sit . sleek , twin-engine , state - of - the - art , its metallic surface batter by the monsoon . wait . pull back to see ... ...our view down onto the landing strip be from a open - sided , thatched roof bar high above the airfield . and peer down through the mist and rain ... ...a woman in grimy flight clothes gaze at the plane . slender . feminine . at first glance , fragile . then the gray eye change like the sea , as a stray think transform she . something fierce life there . superimpose : lae , new guinea - 1937 . fred ( o.s. ) sure I can not talk you inta something ' more adventurous ? she turn . fred noonan be tall and lean , ruggedly handsome in a reckless way . his flight clothes as rumple and dirt - streak as she own . he carry he bottle of tequila , and a Coke which he set down for she . amelia adventurous ? you have get the wrong girl , mister . you should know that by now . her eye study he . assess something as he pour himself four finger . fred actually . I know that the moment I meet ol ' George . he sip he drink . she say nothing . fred ( cont 'd ) I like how you do not talk about he . amelia that why I get so many chance to not do it ? fred well. Natural curiosity . his charming smile . she 's think more about the tequila . she reach to take he bottle and glass . move they to she side of the table . 2 . fred I mean , why would a guy who need to run the show . pick the one girl he know could kick he tail ? no response . just she clear direct gaze . fred ( cont 'd ) I will bet he know that . first time he meet you . she look out to sea . amelia he think I hate he . he never know I be fascinate . int . george' office , new york - day 2 2 alone by the window , he gaze at the city . a powerfully build man in a perfectly - tailore suit . the face at once strong and elegant , capable of every emotion . yet just now , there be none to be see . even as ... ...a door open . a pretty secretary enter soundlessly , sit respectfully . wait , she pen suspend above she steno pad . do he know she 's there ? superimpose : new york , later 1937 . GEORGE ( without turn ) the first time I meet she she sit in that chair . the secretary do not know whether to write that down . and still with he back to she ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you may as well write it down , Mary . write it all down . even the part that be confuse or graceless or boring . he turn with a soft smile to put she at ease . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) we will see if I remember how to edit . she smile back . she like he , as much as she level of be awed by he permit . she begin to write , as ... 3. GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I would keep she wait two hour . T she hate I on sight , but she hought I could not tell . his gaze drift to a bookcase cramme with volume . and one object , oddly out of place . a stuff cat , with boot and a green frock coat . it wear a confident ironic smile . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) she be a person who cherish she privacy and be devote she life to social work . and there I be ... his smile be kind . and honestly self - mock . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) self-obsess . wallow in the glory of my author and celebrity acquaintance . a vain , fast - talk , manipulator . but then I guess you know all that , do not you ? she look up reproachfully . nothing of the kind , and you know it . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) oh , yes . and the kind of man who fish for compliment . he 's make she laugh . dissolve to ... 3 3 int . reception area - day she be young , dress conservatively . the calm at the center of a storm . Agents , author , courier , peddler come and go . but she have she leg draw up beneath she , pour through a small stack of volume . as if prepare for a exam . superimpose : g.p. putnam' son publishing CO . 1928 . GEORGE ( v.o. ) the wait make she furious . she undoubtedly feel I be E stablish my dominance and importance . she do not look furious at all . thumb through we by col . charle lindbergh . photo of lindy beside the Spirit of St. Louis in Paris . 4. GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) actually , I have not give she a think . oblivious as usual . which , perhaps , be even worse . now , skyward by adm . richard byrd . photo of the explorer prepare for he flight over the North pole . one of byrd with George himself , display considerable gravitas . amelia ( v.o. ) I figure he would be pompous . her eye travel over the stack of book . adventurer , explorer , celebrity . on a end table , a frame photo of George with the great lindbergh . a pretty secretary come to summon she . Amelia rise , smooth the wrinkle from she brown suit . they head down the corridor . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I know , of course , that he be not go to choose I . I have no discernible qualification whatsoever . they reach the door , already ajar . it say GEORGE palmer putnam on a small bronze plate . the secretary gingerly push it open ... ... revealing George on the phone in crisp shirtsleeve and suspender . he pace , prowl , trail the cord behind he , negotiate non- stop even as he flip through a pile of message . off again , stalking the room . dash , electric , masterful . amelia ( v.o ) but to be reject by this ... parasite . a man who have give up any life of he own to flutter near the famous . he glance up , realize for the first time that she be there . sit , please . but she do not . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not know whether to laugh or throw something at the jerk . he gesture again , more commandingly . sit . she do not move , she do not smile . she do not take she steady gaze from he . he hang up the phone . they stare at each other for a freeze beat . he break the moment with a charming smile ... 5 . GEORGE miss earhart ? amelia Mr. putnam ? GEORGE ( softly ) I ask you to sit . amelia be that the thing you do with you hand ? sadly , I do not speak dog . his smile now only a trace . but more genuine . GEORGE a ah . well , stand if you like . melia sit . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I be tell you want to fly the Atlantic Ocean . amelia I do . GEORGE in the 12 month since lindbergh , 55 people in 18 plane have try . Three plane make it . fourteen people have die . amelia I will make it . GEORGE Three woman die try . two other escape with they life . if you do make it , you would be the first . which ... be the real attraction for both of we , I suspect . she nod . no smile . amelia always nice to know what the real attraction be . his smile . beginning to enjoy this conversation . 6 . GEORGE the plane be buy from adm . byrd by Amy Guest , a socialite who want the record for herself . her family would not tolerate the danger . she have ask for a replacement ... he gesture . perhaps you . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ... who be american , educate , well - speak , a flyer , preferably physically attractive ... amelia why would that matter ? GEORGE because she want the world to pay attention . and pretty girl command more attention . amelia be that you advice ? GEORGE sure . my role be sell this event to the public . there will be a contract for the girl 's story with the New York Times . also a book to be publish over she name . understood ...? G eorge ( cont 'd ) but all the money from this will go to Mrs. Guest . amelia except for the part that go to you . GEORGE which will be as great as I can manage , I assure you . amelia you say she want a flyer . GEORGE do not get you hope up . the celebrate wilmer stultz will be the pilot . there will be a male co - pilot and navigator . the woman will be purely a passenger . 7. he wait for reaction . she keep she mouth shut . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) that 's good for you chance . because you level of fly experience would not place you anywhere near the group that would be consider for this . if the woman be to do any fly at all . no punch pull . not he style . amelia why would anyone want a book from a passenger ? GEORGE because the hook be that we be make the woman the commander . the pilot will sign a contract say he be under she direction and control . it 's she ship , she flight . amelia good for my chance , you say . what be my chan ... GEORGE the job 's yours . she blink . stun speechless . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I choose you the moment you walk through the door . he smile he charming smile . several phone be ringing . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) now assume my awful manners have not sour you on the enterprise . May I give you a lift to the station ? Amelia rise . be she piss at be toy with ? amelia you be a busy man , Mr. putnam . I can find my way . the look hold . he shrug . you probably can . 8. 4 4 int . grand central station - later two figure on the platform . her train be ready to leave . GEORGE I honestly feel a apology be in order . amelia Fine . what have I do ? she watch he smile . amelia ( cont 'd ) I do not mind wait . caught up on my read . knitt a sweater . GEORGE I mean a apology . for what 's come . his voice soften . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I be go to be pretty control this next few month . how you dress , move , cut you hair . speak in public . it 's all part of the package we be sell . amelia we. GEORGE that 's right . if you be not in there sell with I , it will not work . the smile turn friendly . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you be the star . I be no one at all . amelia speak like a gentleman . she step up onto the train . extends she hand like a man . he shake it firmly . the train begin to move . she watch he cheery wave as she roll away . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) of course a gentleman . would have pay for my ticket . 9 . 5 5 int . train - later gazing out the window as she rattles toward Boston . she look down now to a notebook in she lap . as she flip page , we see it be a collection of hand - write poem and thought . she write ... amelia ( v.o. ) courage be the price that life exact for granting peace we superimpose over she image the wall of a little girl 's bedroom , fill with treasure newspaper clipping about woman doctor , official , bank president , woman who have establish themselves in position previously think to be available only to man . amelia ( v.o. ) the soul that know it not know no release from little thing dissolve to her memory of ... 6 6 ext . field , des moine - day two little girl , maybe 10 year old , walk in a field . Amelia and a girlfriend . they stop , hearing ... the droning of a engine , a small red plane appear above the treetop . the pilot see two girl alone in the field , swoops down to buzz they . Amelia 's friend run for she life . but Amelia stand still , throw she arm wide , and the plane ... ... drop lower , and lower , as it close straight in on the slender girl with she outstretch arm . louder and faster , as if intent on win some impulsive duel of will . the aircraft scream past , just above she head . amelia ( v.o. ) as the little red airplane pass by , it say something to I . Amelia beam . she fill she lung , transport . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not think I have ever stop listen . hold on she , hair and uniform whipping in the breeze . smash CUT to ... 10 . 7 7 int . amelia' plane - day Amelia fly she little yellow kinner . feeling the freedom she thrilled to as a a child . melia ( v.o. ) ten year , 28 job and a unspeak - able number of crash later , I have not change my mind . she lift the nose of the tiny craft . begins to climb . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I even have my own plane . buy with my last dime . at the apex of she climb , she flip into a breathtaking loop the loop , as ... amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) course in the early day of fly ... ... she engine sputter . then stall . the plane dip into a tail - spin , plunging downward ... amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... crash be so common , you almost forget it could kill you ... Amelia struggling to start the engine , the little plane hurtling toward earth , spinning as it go . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... until it do . the engine cough to life and at the last second she swoops harrowingly above the ground to soar free . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) almost . ext . airfield - day 8 8 a small hangar in a lonely field . see a group of ... ... mechanic in they grease-stain jumpsuit . Three big guy and one little one work on a engine that 's be pull from Amelia 's kinner . when the little guy come up for air ... ... he be not a guy at all . 11 . amelia get it . I think . 9 9 int . denison house , boston - day SAM chapman , a handsome young man be be lead down a institutional hallway and out onto the grounds of this venerable settlement house . he find ... ... Amelia sit cross-legged on the grass . reading to a group of chinese girl , who hang on she every animated word . on the periphery , adult sit , take in the story . they be of various ethnicity , homeless or handicapped or immigrant . a two be blind . Amelia see Sam ... melia Girls , this be Mr. Samuel chapman . Sam , say hullo to the octopus Club . the octopus Club wave to Sam . the adult wave , too . amelia ( cont 'd ) you be just in time . Alice have come through the look Glass , and thing be get , well ... octopus club ( on cue ) really strange ! amelia they be , actually . she pat the grass beside she . Sam have no choice but to sit . ext . ground - later 10 10 Amelia and Sam walk a wood path beside the grounds . through the chain link fence , they watch other social worker play with group of child . SAM and it 's a secret . amelia have to be . competition , you know . millionaire heiress , hot shot girl pilot . if George know I tell you , he would have I publicly flogge . she look over . 12 . amelia ( cont 'd ) so long as he could sell ticket . he 's not smile . SAM and no one else know . amelia marion . she 's give I a leave of absence . SAM I would think so . you name will be in all the papers , and not just Boston . denison House stand to come in for funding , national attention . amelia specially if I do not make it . SAM do not joke about that . she be not joke at all . SAM ( cont 'd ) you will make it . and then you will have opportunity to work in aviation . anywhere you want . she laugh . amelia well , I will have impressive credential as a long-distance passenger . that 's not exactly a career in aviation . she look up at he eye . I amelia ( cont 'd ) be not go anywhere , social work be my life . after all the year of false start , I find the thing I be mean to do . keep walk . she give he time to say ... SAM and where do that leave we ? 13 . amelia you do love to look on the dark side . whatever do you see in a sunny character like I ? she give he a sweet playful smile . it do not reassure he . SAM it 's not as if I would be put pressure on you . amelia what love mean to you . what it require . be the pressure . he stop walk . SAM I love you . be that such a terrible problem ? she gaze at he . can he even hear this ? amelia the problem be what it 's always be . the problem be I . int . waldorf astoria HOTEL - day 11 11 movietone newsreel footage , accompany by they signature fanfare theme . Hotel conference room jamme with press . a sexy brunette in a sweater that seem to be make of strip of gold foil step to a bank of microphone . flashes start popping . announcer ( o.s. ) the Queen of diamond mabel boll , about to become the first female to fly the Atlantic in the wake of lindbergh 's historic journey , regales a eager world press ... the sound switch to mabel at the mike ... mabel okay , boy . I will take any question you wanna throw my way . except about what 's behind this sweater . the boy roar . mabel keep she smile tight . mabel ( cont 'd ) the story . behind it . of course . 14 . as the laughter continue ... 12 T 12 int . hangar , east boston airport - night he heavy door roll OPEN . George and Amelia enter the brightly - light hangar to see two man work on the friendship , a sea-plane with golden wing . its red-orange fuselage stand beside gigantic pontoon , each 29 foot long . the pontoon have be open , and the man be attach they to the plane . they turn toward we now . bill stultz be short and wiry with quick eye . only 28 , he seem weathered by he adventure and the streak of gray through he hair . he be not necessarily happy to see we . amelia ( v.o. ) George have tell I stultz be adm . byrd 's favorite pilot , fearless , gift . he drank . but George say it never affect he work . George wave as we approach . Bill and Amelia seem lock on each other . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when he say it , I must have have a funny look . so I just say , ` yeh , I grow up around a guy like that . ' GEORGE boy , I would like to introduce you commander , miss Amelia earhart . amelia we feel `commander ' be less grandiose than , say , `empress . ' Bill do not smile . the other man do ... GEORGE say hello to slim Gordon you navigator . she be shaking hand in that strong , direct way . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) and Bill stultz here , simply the most talented pilot work . she take Bill 's powerful hand . the look between they calm , yet somehow intense . as if each be establish a tone for they relationship . 15 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) we have get byrd 's pilot , we have get he plane ... amelia y ou mean the Admiral fly on that ? the pontoon . she do not seem admire . GEORGE nope , that be new , personally suggest by the old man himself . Bill nod on that . sure be . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) this way , if you be force down at sea , you can wait for a rescue . amelia hmmn . what do that do to we fuel ? bill cost we at least 400 gallon . do not bother bring clothes for Paris , we will be lucky to hit the nearest beach in Ireland . Real lucky . GEORGE the Admiral estimate the pontoon only cut we range by 200 mile . but Amelia look to Bill . that 's not really possible be it ? bill the Admiral be the Admiral . he get to estimate any damn thing he want . all we have to do be figure out how to fly without petrol . she turn to George with challenging eye . bill ( cont 'd ) do not go blame the bookseller . he 's be all through this with Mrs. Guest , but she worship the Admiral . and it 's money that put plane in the air . amelia I wonder if it can keep they up there . not that I have ever have enough to try . 16 . Bill 's small smile . maybe the girl 's all right . 13 13 ext . dock - later George and Amelia approach a wait motorboat , as the light of Boston glimmer across the harbor . his head be down . she 's watch he profile . amelia sorry . I will try keep my mouth shut . GEORGE what I ought to try . be listen to you once in awhile . h e mean that . and she seem oddly touch . amelia careful . I could get to like it . no reaction from he . he hop into the boat . turn , hold out he hand . she hesitates . clearly do not need he help to jump into a boat . they eye lock . we be watch she decide . and then ... she reach to clasp he hand . hop down beside he . amelia ( cont 'd ) thank you , simpkin . thank you for everything . GEORGE ( a smile ) simpkin . amelia it 's in a book . oh , that 's right . you read the one you publish . her smile be friendly , not flirtatious . she go to sit in the bow . he do not follow . but he be watch . 14 14 ext . roof , copley plaza HOTEL - day Amelia in a fly outfit . hand on she hip as if pose . amelia ( v.o. ) there 's a beatrix Potter story about a cat name simpkin . pull back to see the photographer , George beside he . they be on a hotel rooftop , precariously high above Boston . T a 17 . amelia ( v.o. ) he be not happy unless he have several mouse , each under a different teacup . so he could never become bored . we see that Amelia 's pose look exactly the same as a photo of charle lindbergh in the photographer 's hand . it be label ` lucky lindy . ' amelia ( v.o. ) the illusion of activity be essential for he to feel at peace . the photographer now show George another photo of lindbergh in a different pose . amelia what be you boy do over there ? GEORGE try to make you look like a girl . George study the photo , then go to Amelia and begin move she body into the new pose . tilting she head to lindbergh 's angle . melia ( v.o. ) I wonder . be I Mr. putnam 's 43rd mouse ? or he 307th . now touch she , adjust she coat , fluffing a bit of she hair , pull the collar around to frame she face ... G eorge he more we can make you look like a girl , the better . amelia oh god , be it worth the effort ? he cock he head , study she . Nah , guess not . GEORGE wonder who should play you in the film of all this . I be think chaplin . amelia valentino 's not available ? he shake he head sadly . adjust she collar once more . this time , he hand linger . 18. amelia ( cont 'd ) two thing . one , chaplin can not play I because he 's perfect for you . and two , you have company . she glance to where a woman , beautiful and aristocratic , be be help onto the roof . George 's face light to see she . he rush over , sweep she into he arm , kiss she tenderly . Amelia smile to see this , make she like they both . GEORGE Amelia earhart , this be dorothy binney putnam . the woman trade smile . they shake hand , hold eye contact . dorothy great to meet you . George talk so much about you . ( a wink ) in fact , lately , you be all he do talk about . George step in close , and the photographer snap a three - shot . and another . photographer hold that smile for one more , please . ext . jeffrey yacht club harbor , east boston - early light 15 15 the friendship bob on its pontoon . Bill and slim be off-load equipment and other gear from the plane to a tugboat fill with support crew and family . the plane 's engine rev in the predawn stillness . pull back to see ... 1 ext . yacht club dock - early light 6 16 ... the yacht club dock . George and Amelia alone at the railing . she 's wear she leather flight jacket and boot . they stare out at the plane , so frail and awkward . from she bag now , she pull three envelope ... put they in George 's hand . straight , unblink ... amelia pop off letter . for my dad , my mom , my sis . you know . in case . 19 . he stare down . rocked by the weight of this against the simplicity of she word . the top envelope say : dearest dad . GEORGE I be honore . that you would leave this with I . amelia who else ? if I do pop off , it 's you fault . Said in she sunny way . but she 's not kid . it take a beat before he can offer ... GEORGE I will call they once you be safely on you way . amelia Sam will handle that . they trust he . that register . GEORGE I have figure out the simpkin thing , you know . amelia have you . GEORGE sure . there be so few book I have not publish , it be easy to find . well ...? GEORGE ( cont 'd ) beatrix Potter , the tailor of gloucester . he 's a cat in a green frock coat . amelia but why be he you ? oh. GEORGE he 's brilliant , charismatic ... amelia so you have not actually read it . do you actually read ? h 20 . GEORGE ... neurotic , compulsive , manipulative . be I get warmer ? she sigh . amelia p ray I make it . or the secret pop off with I . a hold look . a friendly ... amelia ( cont 'd ) well . see ya . she walk off down the dock toward the friendship . e stand watch she go . dissolve to ... 17 17 int . SMALL HOTEL , newfoundland - morning Amelia alone , leave she hotel room in she flight jacket . lock the door . superimpose : first stop : CANADA amelia ( v.o. ) we first hop be to Canada , to start from as close as we could get to Ireland . just in case we could not get the thing in the air and have to row . she walk briskly down the corridor . amelia ( v.o. ) the fuel be go to be so close , every single mile count . turn a corner . approach the dining room door . amelia ( v.o. ) George tell I to keep to my room , just in case there be a reporter or two somewhere . she enter the hotel dining room . stop cold . across the room a disgruntled Bill and a sheepish slim stare at she from they breakfast , surround by 15 reporter and photographer . Holy shit . half a dozen cameras rise as one . it be a define moment . and Amelia ... cock she head . throw a effortless golden smile . R 21 . amelia hi there , boy . how be the ham and egg ? the flash explode as one . they keep popping as Amelia make she way to they . bill do not blame we , lady . I think somebody 's start to sell book . the reporter be hand she they morning edition . the New York Times front page headline : boston girl start for atlantic hop . there beneath the headline , the glamorous photo we watch be take on the copley Hotel roof , Lady lindy . next to it , a earlier photo of she as a demure social worker . a melia be sifting through the other papers , grin and shaking she head . eporter say , Amelia . what have you get for mabel boll to chew on ? amelia now why would a famous gal like mabel give a think to someone like I ? I do not have a single sweater make out of gold . the boy roar , slim louder than anyone . even Bill crack a smile . they be shouting , teasing , you can't kid US ! amelia ( cont 'd ) hey , not even silver . the boy make room . Bill rise to hold Amelia 's chair . a friendly murmur ... bill the ham 's a little tough , Commander . but the bacon 's swell . 18 18 int . waldorf - astoria HOTEL - day movietone newsreel footage , accompany by they signature fanfare theme . once more , the hotel conference room jamme with press . today mabel wear a luxurious silver fox coat , shimmy up to a bank of microphone at the podium . flashes start popping . 22. announcer ( o.s. ) the Queen of diamond mabel boll , upstage by upstart social worker , seem madder than a rich wet hen . hey mabel , tell we about you rival ! the sound switch to mabel lean she sultry voice to the mike ... mabel well , how would any woman feel about some tart who steal she man ? Reporters furiously write , more flash explode . mabel ( cont 'd ) Bill stultz and I be go to make history together , until this poor little social worker and she sugar daddy , oh excuse I , `publisher , ' start throw money and I do not know what else at he . R eporter mabel , be you imply miss earhart use she feminine charm on you pilot ? mabel I do not know , Charlie , I never see she . have she get any ? laughter , they be all call out . she show they a smoky smile , but stay on message . mabel ( cont 'd ) well , she have to use something on somebody to get from nowhere to here . you figure it out , or wait till George putnam feed it to you . two dozen question at once . she 's not even listen . mabel ( cont 'd ) we be go to Canada , wait for some good weather on the Atlantic , and then we will kick Little miss whoozis in the keester . reporter what make you so cocky that she will not leave first ? 23. mabel rusty , we can carry enough fuel to go to China . that thing they be fly can not load enough gas to make yonker . tell that to putnam 's girlie . and while you be at it ... she snuggle the gleam fox fur around she . mabel ( cont 'd ) tell she I do wear silver . so I be two up on she . ext . harbor , trepassey , newfoundland - early morning 19 19 movietone newsreel continue . we be look at foggy , bleak trepassey Harbor as the friendship make a unsuccessful attempt to take off . announcer ( o.s. ) eleven day of failure for plucky Amelia earhart and she crew . if it be not storm over the Atlantic , it 's the inability of the seaplane 's pontoon to lift from the sea . S eries of angle . one fail take - off after another . announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) perhaps it 's for the best . remember , no woman have beat the jinx of the Atlantic and three have die try . include a princess and the niece of former President woodrow Wilson . the plane 's engine sputter and stall . it float on the sea . announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) maybe this one 's not to be . hey , mabel ! how 's you weather report ? int . HOTEL corridor , newfoundland - late night 20 20 Amelia come down the hotel corridor . she pass a room , and hearing drunken laughter from a group of men within the room ... she stop . stare at the door with more concern than anger . a 24 . 21 21 int . room - same moment Bill , slim and three of the reporter be drink up a storm . bill explorer , my ass . byrd couldn 't find a pubic hair in a whorehouse T rush hour ! int . HOTEL room , newfoundland - later 22 22 Amelia curl up on she bed with chart of the Atlantic spread everywhere . from next door , the sound of drunken man continue . Amelia look down from she chart . her mind go to ... flashback : ext . house , atchison , kansas - day 23 23 Seven -year - old kide dress as cowboy and Indians be gather on the front lawn of a white clapboard home . we close on a clear-ey tomboy with war paint and tousle hair , amelia at seven , look up excitedly as a car pull to the curb . h er father climb slowly from the car , wobbles he way across the lawn . the kid part to let he through , the confusion and disappointment on every face . he ignore they all , even Amelia . the front door open ... ... Amelia 's mother gaze at he with shame and disdain . as she help he stagger inside ... int . HOTEL room - early morning 24 24 Amelia in she flight gear , sit on the edge of she bed , a open telegram lie beside she . her elbow rest on she knee . her hand be lock together . her profile be stony , determine . tilt down to the telegram ... it read : weather permitting , mabel fly this afternoon . she grab she flight bag , leave the room . she only have to travel as far as the next door . pound on it . wait . pound louder with both fist . slim open the door . look bad . Bill sit up in bed , groggy , disorient . bill Christ , what time be ... 25 . amelia time to fly . get up , get dress , we be go now . she be calm and angry at once . a powerful combination . slim pull he pants off a chair . bill where 's the weather report ? she go to he bed . hand he a slip of paper . he blink , still waking up . read . bill ( cont 'd ) it 's not good enough . amelia great . maybe mabel will think so , too . because if she do not , she 's go to Paris and you be go home . today . B ill it 's not good enough . amelia it 's fine , there 's a tail wind all the way , we will off - load to 700 gallon , which get we off the water and the wind get we to Ireland . bill we have have better than this and we have not go . amelia but this be the day mabel 's ready , so we be go now . the weather be go to get better and we will be there to enjoy it . bill you be serious . amelia just as serious as you be hang over . ( to slim ) you go now , get the late weather , we will meet you at the plane . go. now ! slim pull on he shoe , grab he jacket , he bag . look to Bill , but the pilot be glaring at he commander . 26 . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) slim , get out . I have get this . a beat . slim go , the door shut quietly . Amelia sit on the edge of Bill 's bed . amelia ( cont 'd ) I have love one person unconditionally , Bill . he be the most caring and generous and charming and flat - out funny guy I will ever know . he 's my father . her eye be burn with this . and Bill keep quiet . anyone would . amelia ( cont 'd ) he 's a drunk . and he 's let I down all my life . she lean closer . amelia ( cont 'd ) now you get out of that bed . and you fly that god - damned thing to Ireland . or I swear to you , Bill ... just above a whisper ... amelia ( cont 'd ) I swear to you I will . or die try . y ou get that ? do you ? amelia ( cont 'd ) and either way . you be go to be live with it . 25 25 ext . trepassey harbor - later it 's dark and cold . Bill and Amelia stand at the dock beside they plane . he 's drink coffee as they watch slim come down the quay with a slip of paper in he hand . Amelia step forward to take it . read with neutral eye . amelia good . slim , start the engine . she still have not give the paper to Bill . slim step onto a pontoon . start cranking up the propeller . as the engine kick to life ... S 27 . she hand the weather report to Bill . he read . look to she eye . amelia ( cont 'd ) you sign a contract . you have get a direct instruction from I to go . that report indicate some degree of risk and it 's a risk I be take . bill have a nice flight . amelia thanks . she motion to slim , get on board . the navigator grin , start to climb up , look back at Bill ... slim hey , I be scared shitless of this dame . she climb up after he . one look back ... amelia read tomorrow 's papers , Bill . we will both be in they . and disappear . alone on the dock , Bill hear the engine rev . Jesus , God , she 's go to do it . he take a step toward the plane , but she head appear in the hatch ... amelia ( cont 'd ) so , to take off , you pull back on the thing , right ? her perfectly straight , innocent face . he bust out laugh . this fuck girl . T oss he coffee . climb aboard . int . friendship - moment later 26 26 with Amelia as she lock the hatch . for the first time , we can see the inside of the plane . the cabin be too small for anyone to stand . the plane have be emptied of everything but two huge elliptical fuel tank . he wedge herself between the gigantic tank . Bill pull the throttle and the fokker tri-motor lurch forward , straining against the surface of the sea in a rattling , throbbing desperately vibrate all - out attempt . 28 . Amelia crawl to the tiny window , she face to the glass as chop and spray fly past like shrapnel , and the engine whine and pulse louder ... ... twenty second , thirty . still on the surface . forty second , fifty , she eye shut , she forehead bang against the glass , come on , sixty second , and at 67 ... 27 27 ext . harbor - same moment ... the seaplane lift , struggle , then soar free . int . friendship - day / night 28 28 Amelia kneel at the tiny window . a kid on a rainy day . only outside this window be impenetrable fog and a STORM that rock the plane like the shock wave of endless explosion . as she brace herself against the hull ... ... water drip onto she from a loose seam . could this be dangerous ? she look around . through the open between the elliptical fuel tank ... ... Bill and slim at the control . Bill be bang on something beside the instrument panel . beneath he seat , she see the toolbox . the water drip on she faster . she crawl forward toward the boy , arrive to see ... ... Bill pounding what we can now see be he radio . his face be red , angry . she watch for a beat . amelia you okay ? bill be better if our damn radio would join the party ! he never turn to she , but she study he . be he impair or simply frustrated ? she slip the toolbox from beneath he seat and crawl back to the leak . but as she open the box ... ... there , among the wrench and plier , a bottle of whiskey . she stare at it as we SNAP to ... 29 29 flashback : ext . amelia' house , atchison , kansas - day rapid series of angle . war-painted Amelia look up from the cowboy she 's tie to a tree . the car pull to the curb . out climb ... 29 . ...her father glassy - eye . stumble through the child . her mother at the door . angle . Amelia still in war paint enter she parent ' room she know just where to go . open a drawer , dig beneath crisply starch shirt . find the bottle . angle . Amelia in the bathroom , pouring the bottle out into the sink . she look up in the mirror to see ... ... she father in the doorway . she turn straight to he . meet he eye , direct and unafraid . 30 30 int . friendship back to Amelia with Bill 's bottle , as the batter plane lurch every which way in the storm . she lift it from the toolbox . hide it in the camera bag , as suddenly the plane drop fifty foot , and Amelia be slammed against the ceiling , then crash back to the floor . daze , she see Bill turn around ... bill hold onto something for chrissake ! she grab the leg of the navigation table which have be bolt down . stare out the window , wonder if she will make it . amelia ( v.o. ) dearest dad . hooray for the last grand adventure . I wish I have win , but it be worthwhile anyway . you know that . I have no faith we will meet anywhere again , but I wish we might . hold on the gray eye . dissolve to ... later . Amelia at the window , still opaque with fog . suddenly , the plane swoops down toward a clear in the cloud . there to the south , a freighter run across we path . no land in sight . a melia scrawl a note , tie it to a orange from she flight bag , and crawl back to the boy . amelia ( cont 'd ) how far to land ? the boy be study the freighter . 30 . bill radio' still out . no way to compute windspeed and drift in the fog , so GOD only know where ireland be . check he watch . bill ( cont 'd ) nineteen hour plus . we've got maybe a hour of petrol left . probably less . she show he the note and the orange . amelia western union , special delivery . Bill have to smile . be you serious ? as a heart attack . okay , he try to get closer to the ship , but we be jerk and buffete as we swing past and Amelia ... ... drop the orange toward the freighter , watch the heavy wind carry it two hundred yard wide of the mark . we three stare grimly . amelia ( cont 'd ) if we land near they , we've got a rescue . they eye be lock . bill think that ridiculous skis could hold US up in this kind of sea ? she 's be wonder the same . bill ( cont 'd ) you say we be go to make it . be you a liar ? amelia not on this occasion . a rare smile ... bill well , then . and swoops back on course . Amelia 's hand squeeze he shoulder . dissolve to ... later . Amelia crouch behind Bill 's seat . fog start to break up . a 31 . her face draw , she almost seem to be hold she breath . something down below . as we drop , we hear the engine a sputter . melia when' that hour of fuel run out ? bill eighteen minute ago . why ? she glance over to slim , who be busy unwrap a sandwich . she can not believe this . he take a healthy bite . amelia the longer I observe men the more I am awestruck . by there capacity for denial . she crawl back to the navigation table . as she look out she window , a sandwich sail past ! she whip around ... slim 's arm raise in jubilation . down below ... land . ext . shore , burry port , wale - day 31 31 the little plane sputtering , shudder , as Bill drop in for a splashdown . we pan to the shore ... ... a rural railroad dock . desert except for three worker who glance up as the friendship taxi to a buoy a few hundred yard offshore . Amelia at the hatch , tiny in distance , wave a towel ... ... one friendly worker take off he coat and wave back . then all three guy go back to work . SNAP to ... reverse angle . from the friendship , we watch the worker ignore we . Bill and slim holler and jump up and down on the pontoon . nobody care . Amelia sit in the doorway , she leg swinging free . amelia out of gas . May have to swim for I to later . Amelia alone . six page write by she side . still work , as a rowboat pull up . Bill stand in the bow . call to she ... bill Mr. putnam phone . he say there 's fella come from London . Hilton railey . 32 . amelia oh , yeh . very important man . more important than any of we . really ? yep . bill he say ya must not come ashore till he get here . no matter what . great . she do not like it , but there it be . she wave , so long . bill ( cont 'd ) some kind of royalty , be he ? she nod . amelia Public relation . go back to work . dissolve to ... later . Amelia sit with she papers in she lap , dangle she foot from the hatch . alone . hear the buzz of ... ...a plane drop slowly from the sky , glide onto the water on its pontoon . she stare at it . gather up she thing . later . Amelia sit in a tiny dinghy , behind she the friendship in distance . she be be row to shore . we view be over the back of the man row . Amelia be stare past he , vaguely apprehensive . reverse angle . she 's look at two thousand welshmen swarm the dock . you can not even see the sand . the crowd be silent and stare . no cheer . as if they be stare at a alien or a animal in the zoo . Bill and slim help pull the dinghy to the rocky shore . but when Amelia jump out , the crowd ... . .. begin to soberly applaud , and slowly close in around she . at first she seem pleased , try to shake every hand thrust toward she . she do not see that Bill and slim have be shunt to the back . suddenly ... ... people get bolder . clapping she on the back , reach to touch she , someone snatch she scarf , she look around frantically for Bill and slim as ... ...a sheriff and three deputy muscle they way to she use billy club to push people back . they surround Amelia , begin to escort she to the station ... 33. sheriff sorry ma'am . shoulda bring more man . amelia no , really , this be very sweet , it 's a honor . I be actually enjoy it . sheriff that 's a good thing . she look at he as they be jostle along . sheriff ( cont 'd ) because you be stick with it . from here on . she be bring to a smile avuncular hilton railey , stand beside the close thing burry Port have to a limo . she throw a affectionate arm around he , kiss he cheek . amelia hullo , Hilton . railey stand back as flashbulb catch the moment . he 's bring photographer with he . and more . R ailey Amelia , say hullo to Allen Raymond of the New York Times . a hearty handshake . she hold out she sheet of paper . amelia I believe you have come for this . both man regard the page as if they be gold bullion . come for this indeed . ext . southampton - day 32 32 movietone footage of Amelia be welcome by a sea of people on the dock at southampton . a mob . folk spilling into the water . ship circle , fireboat spray , every craft blare its horn . Police hold back the scream throng as flash explode and newsreel cameras churn . Amelia at the center of the storm . welcome by amy guest and the lady lord mayor of southampton . throughout , we see superimposed image of the article she give railey , display she byline , on the front page of the London Times , New York Times , the Times of India , Sydney Morning Herald , the Toronto Star , Le monde , as she story echoe around the world . this image continue over ... 34 . quick series of angle . Amelia cheer animatedly at the race ... watch tennis at wimbledon ... front row gallery at the House of commons , as ... announcer ( o.s. ) a whirlwind week for Boston 's Amelia earhart , we own Lady lindy . race at ascot on gold Cup day ... watch helen will moody play at wimbledon ... Lady astor 's 3 guest at the House of commons ... int . hyde park HOTEL , london - day 3 33 movietone newsreel continue . the british press be gather in a huge victorian parlor . Dark wood , rich leather , a bank of microphone , a electric expectancy ... Bill and slim stand next to a seat Amy . Amelia step to the microphone ... amelia I be a passenger on this journey . just a passenger . everything that be do to bring we across be do by wilmer stultz and slim Gordon . all the praise ... reporter ( call out ) but you can fly , can not you ? Amelia stare at the man . conflict agendas . amelia this flight be solely to the credit of Bill and slim . woman should know , however , that I have have 500 hour solo fly and once hold the woman 's altitude record . reporter so you could have do it yourself ! amelia this particular flight , under this condition , I wonder if anyone but Bill stultz could have pull it off . but certainly , one day a woman will do this . as easily , as skillfully , as professionally as any man . such calm self - possession . such confidence in that . y 3 S 35 . amelia ( cont 'd ) Aviation be clear today for the pioneer . and if the pioneer have good idea nobody will ask whether p the pioneer be a man or woman . olite applause . mostly from woman . she look around the room . amelia ( cont 'd ) I hear you doubt . that doubt be we challenge . this be where we Atlantic flight , or any other good flight by a woman can help ... she nod . to they , to herself . amelia ( cont 'd ) it start woman think . ext . broadway , new york CITY - day 34 34 ticker tape parade down Broadway , crowd lining the street , lean from window to welcome Amelia home . uperimpose : new york CITY Amelia sit in a open car between Bill and slim , waving to everyone . in the front seat , George and dorothy share the moment . ext . reception hall - day 5 35 Amelia flanke by George and dorothy , come out of a reception hall . Amelia glance to George ... amelia guess you can burn that letter . dorothy wonder . letter ? GEORGE I save they for you book . one simple shake of Amelia 's head . a soft ... amelia the book 's yours . the letter be mine . he smile . bow in submission . GEORGE ou be the boss . 36 . dorothy hey , that 's my job . ( to Amelia ) do you think there 's enough of he to boss for the two of we ? Amelia still look at George . laugh . amelia barely enough for one . a battery of reporter and flashbulb wait by we motorcade . reporter miss earhart , can you tell we some - thing about you future plan ? S he like this question . fix the man with that clear , honest gaze . amelia well , be a social worker by trade and passion , I will be go back to work at denison House when all this fun be over . she send the guy a smile , and a dozen flash catch it . amelia ( cont 'd ) ... if I have not be fire . George hold the door of they limo . she look up to he with a mischievous smile . and with no warning ... ... Amelia bypass the limo , climb into the sidecar of a cop 's motorcycle , and smack its side . the cop look up to George , who ... ... nod , go for it . and the cop doe , wheeling out into traffic , open up the siren , as everyone laugh or cheer or dart into the street desperate for a fleeting photo . George watch she go . dorothy watch George . reporter Mr. putnam , sir . how do a social worker like miss earhart become comfortable as a celebrity so quickly ? George smile . his eye still follow Amelia . GEORGE the truth be , she be a celebrity on smaller stage all she life . ( more ) 37 . GEORGE ( cont would ) this be just when the rest of we discover she . and dorothy . watch this , too . 36 36 ext . putnam home , rye , new york - day Amelia in a sunlit garden ringed by tree . she sit at a fold table , write longhand . a large dog lie at she foot . amelia ( v.o. ) so they take I home with they to Rye . and I live there , while I write my book . pull back to see we view have be George 's . he sit at a antique write desk , watch she through a picture window . he rise slowly . we see that he have be review a contract , which he take with he . a ngle . Amelia write , look up to see George come down the back porch step to the garden . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I think he would be a tyrant and that I would have to manage he . he smile as he approach . she go back to work . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) instead he be kind and generous . and only pick the fight he need to win . he drop the contract on she table . she look at it . GEORGE lucky Strike endorsement . I write the copy myself . amelia what do it say ? ` I do not smoke but you should ? ' GEORGE it say lucky strike be the only cigarettes aboard the friendship . that 's true . amelia true and misleading . why would I sign that ? GEORGE so Bill and slim get pay . 38 . oh . his smile simple , comfortable . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) if you be too proud to take tobacco money , donate it to byrd 's expedition , and we get great publicity . she stare at he with hard eye . his smile just become more relaxed . a easy win , no big deal . she begin to sign the contract . he place a stack of letter in front of she . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) this week 's marriage proposal . the top one 's the most creative . it 's from sing sing . she start to read . her eye widen . goodness . amelia ( read ) `... in the prison yard , so everyone can watch and share in we ... ' ( look up ) do you write the copy on this one , too ? dorothy ( o.s. , approach ) have you no shame , George ? no sense of the scandal you create ? they look up . she have a tray of lemonade and cookie . dorothy ( cont 'd ) you make she work for nothing . at least you can feed she . ( to Amelia ) be you do yet ? if not , make he write the rest , he will anyway . int . auditorium , barnard college , new york - night 37 37 a woman 's college . the hall be pack . GEORGE ( v.o. ) the lecture and publicity schedule be fierce . I be with she pretty much all the time . Amelia and George alone in the wing . 39 . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be the moment of opportunity . could we launch she into lindbergh status as a permanent icon , before she name fall out of the news - papers . he re-ty she scarf . check out the effect . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we have separate agendas . for she , it be the advancement of aviation and of woman . he very slightly rearrange she hair , as if every lock matter . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as for I , I like to tell myself it be about the money . though there be never much of that leave over . she stand for inspection , with she trace of a teasing smile . he hold out he hand and she give he she note card . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) really , it be about the chance to be around she . he flip through the a card , frown as he go . melia ( George imitation ) this will never do , a.e. , simply unacceptable . he look up . she start pace around , gesture as he would ... amelia ( George imitation ) you need more ammunition in this card , and where 's the goddamn humor , for chrissake ? by which I mean something actually funny ! he 's try to look annoyed . it be not easy . amelia ( George imitation ) and please remember not to turn you pretty little backside to the crowd when you use you pointer , it 's you face they be pay to see . well , most of they . she whip around . he 's deadpan . 40 . amelia ( George imitation ) and another thing . you hat . be a menace . stare at each other . GEORGE ( softly ) everything about you . be a menace . the stare hold . because this be the moment . amelia ( v.o. ) I remember the first kiss . it be only one step . her hand go to he chest . her eye close , as ... she bring she mouth to he . tender and strong . and deep . it be a act of decision . a hold look . no one smile . we hear she name announced from the podium . but she keep look at he . and as the applause continue , she finally ... ... turn . stride onto the stage , with one graceful wave , she bring the applause to a crescendo . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) of course , I know all the storey T hat dorothy have be have a torrid affair with Fred upton . everyone do . she step to the microphone . the crowd quiet . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but I do not kiss he because I feel sorry for he . or because it would mean the world to he . intercut . George in the wing . his heart in he eye . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do it . because I want to . he look down . he 's still hold she card . int . HOTEL , chicago - day 38 38 Hotel corridor . a elevator open and elinor smith a strike young woman emerge . look at a slip of paper . nervous . head down the hallway to a door . as she gather herself to knock , she look scared enough to pass out . 41 . George answer the door , look gracious and suave . they shake hand . then , Amelia appear , warmly clasp the girl 's hand , and elinor look as starstruck as a teenager at the oscar . amelia it 's so good to meet you . I have be follow you career with a great deal of admiration . elinor um . thanks , and . you , too . amelia feel like a drink ? GEORGE Amelia ! what would she mother say ? amelia relax , George . I mean a Coke . as she lead elinor into the sit room of they suite , the girl 's eye fall on the door to the bedroom . it be slightly ajar , revealing a unmade double bed . unseen by the other , the kid react . oh , my . L ater . tea in the sit room . elinor lean forward , guileless , eager ... elinor they be say you get $ 500 a week on the lecture circuit . GEORGE amelia on a bad week . on a good week . the girl look from one to the other . amelia all depend . on whether you want the sell or the real . elinor oh , I do not underestimate the value of sell . it 's why I be here . GEORGE a 16 - year- old girl set a altitude record , then make headline illegally fly under the four bridge of the East River . you do not seem to need much help sell yourself . 42 . elinor well , actually Mr. putnam , I be hope you could do to I what you have do to she . inadvertently , she eye flick to the bedroom door . catch this , we couple share a dry smile . the kid see that . uh - oh . elinor ( cont 'd ) what I mean be . it 's a good thing . that 's why I want it . now we couple be try not to laugh . GEORGE just so we be clear , young lady . what be you primary ambition ? elinor ( straight back ) to take Amelia 's place as the number one female pilot . the honesty , the suddenness , leave George atypically dumbstruck . amelia well , good for you ! I would have expect nothing less . you want a tip ? elinor I do . amelia keep do what you be do . the girl nod , seriously . okay . a melia ( cont 'd ) and do not let anyone turn you around . int . putnam house - christmas day 39 39 holiday party in progress . Christmas decoration everywhere . a small crowd around the live room bar where George be tell a story . now we see dorothy stand , drink , watch George with hard eye . she turn on she heel and walk out into the garden . George see this , excuse himself , follow she , as we pan to ... 43. ... Amelia stand with a group of guest . she 's see it all . 40 40 ext . garden - moment later here she come along the rose , still drink , still fume . a figure come up behind she . Falls in step . GEORGE Lovely party , huh ? dorothy depend on you point of view . I have be listen to some idiot brag about he girlfriend . still walk . she never look at he . GEORGE well , in that case , for you information , it be a lovely party indeed . anything on you mind ? dorothy it 's not so much that my husband be have a affair with he meal ticket . it 's just a pity we can not have one honest conversation about it . GEORGE what 's wrong with this one ? a promise start , I would say , in the honesty department . she finish she drink . throw the glass away . from we angle we can now see D Amelia in the window , watch they . orothy if this be what you call a honest talk , I would say you need some practice . GEORGE great . let 's try one about you and Fred upton . she stop walk . turn in shock , to see he easy smile . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) well , I be wait for we practice conversation . hope I will learn something . about honesty . 44 . she glare at he , and storm off . he let she go . hear a car engine turn over . dorothy peeling out . George reflect . as he walk back toward the party , he now see Amelia in the window . he stop . they look hold . int . kitchen - late night 41 41 George at the kitchen table in dim light . it 's very late . a hand place a steaming mug of coffee before he . follow by a slice of pie . a fork . he smile . and softly ... GEORGE dorothy and I be through . she sit beside he . very close . amelia for a long , long time . GEORGE it 's different now . she look at he . squint . how ? GEORGE ( cont 'd ) marry I . oh. a breath . amelia I can not do that . GEORGE if you give it a chance , you will learn to love I . he seem so sunny and strong . what can he be feel ? amelia I already love you . that 's why I can not marry you . GEORGE ( a murmur ) well , that explain it . for a minute there , I think you be stick for a excuse . S he come close enough to kiss . amelia I know I . and you do not . not really . GEORGE what if I promise not to learn ? 45 . amelia the day will come . when I will run away . and when it do ... he stop she with a kiss . GEORGE if you love I . I will take my chance . he stare in she troubled eye . there be no answer . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Race you to bed . ext . airfield - day - newsreel 42 42 Amelia and nearly 20 women line up in front of plane . waving , smile , talk to each other . announcer ( o.s. ) Amelia earhart and a bevy of lovely competitor say hello to the press announce the first woman 's Air derby , racing from Santa monica to Cleveland . dubbed by will Rogers `the powder puff derby , ' this gal certainly know how to capture we attention . the next angle show Amelia watch some of she colleague bounce playfully on a see-saw . she smile tolerantly , but maybe there 's a little too much cheesecake for she taste . int . reception area , putnam be - day 43 43 the crowded wait room . we close on a young woman we scarcely recognize . it be elinor . though less than a year have pass , she seem much older . sophisticate , poise . angle . a secretary lead elinor down the corridor to George 's office . as they enter , George be pace on the phone . G eorge ( into phone ) because Amelia invent the powder puff derby for female pilot . then the man run the damn race suddenly decide every woman have to carry a male navigator , and start from east of the Rockies so they will not crash into the mountain ! listen , impatient . 46 . GEORGE ( into phone ) I will tell you why it 's a front page story . because Amelia pull every woman out of the race . so the organizer have to roll over and give in , or they would have lose they shirt . you want I to write you headline ? he glance over . elinor in the doorway . GEORGE ( into phone ) call you back . I have get a very important guest . he hang up , gesture graciously for she to sit . as she do ... elinor wish I be important enough for you to manage . GEORGE well , I have just get one client . and most day she 's more than I can manage . even elinor 's smile seem older , more capable of subtlety . elinor get in line behind the boy she smack around on the derby . he grin back . you bet . elinor ( cont 'd ) some of the gal flyer have they doubt about she ... well , she skill level . but she 's everyone 's champion now . GEORGE and both of that thing . be the S reason I call you . trange word . he have she attention . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I think it would be huge for woman flyer if Amelia win the derby . the publicity would put the race , and all of you , up there with the boy . 47 . elinor I be not sure she have much of a chance , Mr. putnam . GEORGE well , the one shot would be put she in a far more powerful plane than anything she 's fly . we be think the lockheed vega . the girl 's shock . he really mean this . elinor Sir , I have test pilote the vega . it 's way more than she could ever handle . it would not be safe , let alone successful . he smile . GEORGE that 's why I be think of you fly with she . you could handle the cross -country fly , the more difficult bit , and I would pay you $ 75 a week . elinor whistle low . elinor well , I think that 's the most generous opportunity I have ever be offer . he stare at she . GEORGE there 's just one thing . obviously , it have to appear that Amelia do all the fly . so when picture be take , you will stand off to one side . her eye narrow . he 's completely serious . elinor in that case , I will get my own plane and win the race myself . GEORGE you have not change . N of smile at all . 48 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) unfortunately for you , neither have I . the look in he eye be not to be ignore . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you can not win if you can not get a plane to enter . let I predict that you will not . the voice calm and low and riveting . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) in fact . if you reject my generosity , you may come to regret it . for a long , long time . elinor that 's a threat . GEORGE I be a intensely loyal person , elinor . and this be what my loyalty require . she 's glaring . reeling . trapped . elinor she 's the one who say I should not let anybody turn I around . GEORGE she probably mean I . so honest , the word confuse she . elinor obviously , she do not see I as a threat . GEORGE oh , sure she do . a straight smile ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) she just do not care . ... which silently fade . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) my job . be to care for she . dissolve to ... y S W 49 . 44 44 int . oak room , plaza HOTEL , new york - night long angle . sophisticate water hole . crowd tonight . pan to find George alone , wait . a waiter lead Amelia to the table . George stand , smile . but the smile be not return . we close as they sit ... GEORGE a hat 's wrong ? melia ( clearly furious ) what could be wrong ? I have such a lovely afternoon with elinor Smith . oh . GEORGE he tell you that I shut she out of the derby . and that 's true . amelia and when be you go to tell I ? GEORGE ( calm , straight ) never . I know you would go crazy . and I feel it need to be do . she can scarcely believe this . amelia what ? you think I want it do , but just let you do the dirty work ? GEORGE I do not say that . amelia because I be no angel . Business be competition and competition be rough , and I thank my star that you be there make this life happen for I , but ... GEORGE ou be make you life hap ... amelia but this be different . it be . amelia ( cont 'd ) if woman be go to stab woman in the back , then woman be go nowhere . I F T 50 . be you listen ? GEORGE rom here on , I will just stab man in he back . a melia you do not do this for business , anyway . G eorge I do it for fun ? amelia you do it because you love I . that stop he . amelia ( cont 'd ) and when we be marry , you must not ever ... now she stop . because he eye be wide . amelia ( cont 'd ) what 's the big shock ? I think you want to get marry . full beat . GEORGE do . I do . amelia well , then . his eye move over she face . GEORGE what about what you say ? the day S will come when you run away . he nod . it will . amelia you will be destroy . and part of I will , too . and I think we both know it . and yet . amelia ( cont 'd ) sometimes thing happen that way . you be not better safe than sorry . tear stand in he eye . he be so happy . 51 . amelia ( a whisper ) ( cont 'd ) yes ? GEORGE ( a whisper ) Hell yes . 45 45 int . george' mother' home , noank , connecticut - day through a window , a dry , winter garden . snow fall , at once soft and heavy . Beyond , Morgan Point lighthouse , Fisher 's Island sound , Long Island sound . one lonely fishing boat brave the cold water . pull back to see ... ... Amelia at the breakfast table in a window room . she be write , and as she do ... S uperimpose : wedding day . connecticut , 1931 . ... she eye be swim with tear . she brushes at they . stare down at she work . continue . angle . the parlor . George , he mother , the minister , a small number of close friend . from the doorway , Amelia beckon George . the letter be in she hand . ext . home - moment later 46 46 Amelia hold tight to George 's hand , lead he out into the fall snow . she turn , fix he with a look . hand he the letter . and step back . as if give he space . at first , he smile . what be this ? she gesture for he to read . as he begin , there be nothing for a few second . then ... amelia ( v.o. ) ... I want you to understand I shall not hold you to any medieval code of faithfulness to I . nor shall I consider myself bound to you similarly . snow fall . absolute silence . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if we can be honest I think the difficulty which may arise may best be avoid should you or I become interested deeply , or in pass , with anyone else . she gaze intently , she heart in she eye . he never look up . m 52 . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) please let we not interfere with the other 's work or play , nor let the world see we private joy or disagreement . and then ... amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I must exact a cruel promise . and that be you will let I go in a year if we find no happiness together . he stop on this . his thought unreadable . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I will try to do my best in every way . and give you that part of I you know and seem to want . he fold the letter carefully . place it in he pocket . and smile . GEORGE y Amelia . brutal in she frank - ness . beautiful in she honesty . he step to she . look in she eye . they kiss . 47 47 int . parlor - later long angle . the minister read the vow . the witness stand silent . two black cat rub against George 's ankle . dissolve to ... int . kitchen , rye - morning 48 48 George at the breakfast table . his egg and toast ignore for the moment , he 's read a magazine article . pan to Amelia , sip she coffee . watch he . GEORGE ( read aloud ) ` why I believe woman pilot can not fly the Atlantic . a outspoken warning by Lady heath . ' ( reading ) `... pure suicide for any woman today ... it be madness for they to attempt it and ...' he look up to she . 53. GEORGE ( cont 'd ) `... at least the first dozen will be drown . ' and we be read a this , because ...? melia I might fly to Paris . silence . GEORGE which be actually across the Atlantic . amelia hence , the article . ah. he nod . amelia ( cont 'd ) I be think of do it solo . amelia ( cont 'd ) would you mind ? he butter he toast . GEORGE not at all . when would you like to go ? ext . garden , rye - day 49 49 close on Amelia as she kneel , carefully put new plant into the ground . we see patience , concentration . contentment . after a moment ... amelia I be surprised you be all right with this ... widen angle . George kneel beside she . happily plant he own . GEORGE really . amelia mmm-hmmn . I be brace for the lecture . five year since lindbergh , no one 's make it solo , so many of they die . he look at she work . reaches over . start pack the earth harder around she plant . she just watch , then ... D W 54 . GEORGE ell , they be only man . this be different . she reach to he plant and start loosening the soil ... amelia I be wait to hear that I be only do this because I be just a passenger last time , and I would rather die than go on live as a fraud .. no one crack a smile . it 's like Laurel and hardy in a food fight where each let the other take he best shot . George a reach now , start repacking she soil ... melia ( cont 'd ) but you do not think that , do you , ear ? GEORGE of course not . but if I do ... she smack he hand . he just keep work . she finally grin , smack he harder . he do not seem to notice . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ... all the more reason to say yes . ext . teeterboro airport - dusk 50 50 aerial angle . in the sun 's last light , two figure walk slowly , far below we . the vega wait . close angle . they stand beneath the wing . her ground crew in far distance , give they they moment . her look be not breezy and cavalier this time , but tender and intimate . she know the fear beneath he easy smile . he produce a ring , a band of black fiber . GEORGE elephant hair , I think you wear it on you toe . it 's good luck . he put it in she hand . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) anyway . that 's what the elephant tell I . Amelia look at the ring . turn it in she finger . 55 . amelia I think luck have rule . and I try to respect they . my favorite be ... she glance up . amelia ( cont 'd ) we make we own luck , you and i. remember that . he will remember that . and more . GEORGE do you have money ? amelia no . he pull out a twenty dollar bill . hand it to she . amelia ( cont 'd ) all this ? G eorge sure . amelia thank god , I think you be go to tear it in half . GEORGE I spend we money on ocean liner passage to go bring you back . it 's non-refundable . so try to do you part . she nod . she will try . he do not want to leave she yet . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) so the simpkin thing . what be all that ? amelia I put it in a letter . which you will get if I do not make it . so ... mix emotion , huh ? he shake he head . GEORGE ( very soft ) either way , something to look forward to . she put she hand on he face . she do not want to leave he either . 56 . amelia ( murmur ) stake up the peony , huh ? they be messy when they bloom on the ground , and ... and. amelia ( a whisper ) I want to see they head high . when I come home . she lean up to kiss he . and again . feeling in she eye that he will never forget . amelia ( cont 'd ) see ya . int . vega - night 51 51 Amelia alone . Starry night . 12,000 foot below be icebergs . a single fishing boat . amelia ( v.o. ) the weather report be not perfect . but we know we real chance be to take weather that other would not . ahead , tower cloud in moonlight . too high to fly over . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I close the deal by choose May 20 , five year to the day from lindbergh 's flight . it be too good a sell for George to resist . 5 what we do not know ... ext . vega - later 2 52 a terrifying STORM batter the plane , which bob and dart and dip like a leaf in a gale . amelia ( v.o. ) ... be that my altimeter would conk out . never to return . int . vega - same moment 53 53 Amelia fight for control as the plane be tossed and shaken . amelia ( v.o. ) the only way to have any sense of altitude , be to keep drop toward the sea . ( more ) 57 . amelia ( cont would ) when the engine sputter , that be my low - level limit . a sudden jolt knock she out of she seat . she scramble back , as we see whitecaps a few feet below . she jerk the nose up , the engine cough ... ... and climb . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be too busy to grasp how impossible the situation have become . the joke be ... later . Flying in and out of cloud cover . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all that month fly only with instrument , I should have be practice without they . pan to the windshield . a small glow at the surface of a vibrate engine . Amelia have not notice . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I start to wonder if luck be pay I back . for think I know the rule . a small blue flame lick out into the night . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then I smell burn oil . she see it now . the flame come through a break weld in the manifold ring . a melia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a bad weld , already a small flame . it would be hour back to Canada , try to find a unlit field , landing with a heavy fuel load . she stare at the little flame . be it grow bigger ? amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I tell myself , push on . after all , if it be a stupid choice ... later . Flying in blackness . rising , as the engine seem sluggish . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... no one would ever know . suddenly , a film of slush on the windscreen . 58 . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) with seemingly no warning , there be ice . the control froze . and the vega dive into a dizzying spin . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) through the spin I have one think , it would be warmer lower , the ice would melt , I just have to regain control ... 54 54 ext . vega - same moment the spinning plane plunging ... amelia ( v.o. ) ... before I hit the water . and arcing at last to swoop above the whitecap . Way close for comfort . smash CUT to ... int . vega - same moment 55 55 Amelia reeling in she seat , she finger fumbling in she flight bag , for ... amelia ( v.o. ) ... or pass out . ... smelling salt , she inhale , again , blink , start to climb ... amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the ice happen twice more , and I begin to lose heart . then I remember lindbergh 's book say the same thing happen to he . T he sea disappear below . only cloud . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so I figure , if he 's twice as good , I just have to be twice as lucky ... dissolve to ... hour later . Amelia seriously fatigue . she break through cloud into dazzling sunlight , and blink , blind . 59 . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I would read that part in George 's reception room that first day . bless he for keep I wait . the fuel gauge read empty . she switch on the reserve tank . and as she drop back down into opaque cloud ... ... she feel something . her fingertip go to she leave shoulder , and come away ... wet. slick . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the cockpit gauge be defective . there be a steady trickle of fuel down my neck . she look around helplessly for a way to stem the drip . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) toss - up whether the bigger danger be run out of gas or go up in a fireball . I have my answer in less than a hour , when ... dissolve to ... later . Amelia beyond exhaustion . stare fixedly at some - thing we can not see . until we pan through the wind screen to the leak in the manifold weld . the blue flame be startlingly larger , now licking its way along the surface of the fuselage ... amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the manifold weld begin to separate . I gauge the likelihood of explosion at somewhere between probable and inevitable . 5 int . george' office - day 6 56 arm fold , George stare out he window . he have not sleep or eat . pan to he desk . the phone be off the hook . the door open softly ... secretary ( o.s. ) Mr. putnam ? line three . he turn and look at she . the girl 's eye go down and he bolt to the phone , snatch the receiver , slam the button ... GEORGE ( into phone ) putnam . 60 . a full beat . voice ( o.s. ) Sir , this be Douglas mcguire of the Press Association . I be sorry to tell you that miss earhart 's plane have crash in a field , short of Le bourget airport . smash CUT to ... ext . sky - day 57 57 a plane swoop downward through cloud and fog . the SOUND of George 's call continue ... GEORGE ( o.s. ) be she all right ? mcguire ( o.s. ) if the crash be as report , sir , I be afraid not . there be terrible flame . lower , it 's drop fast , maybe too fast , wobbles in a crosswind , here come the ground , and ... GEORGE ( o.s. ) be they completely sure it 's she plane ? mcguire ( o.s. ) yes sir , absolutely . ... the vega rights itself and glide in for as fine a landing as a bumpy meadow could allow . cow look up as she roll past , toward ... ... one lone astonished farm worker . she cut she engine , lean from the hatch ... amelia Excuse I , sir . where be I ? a blink . the truth ... man in gallagher 's pasture . o not more beat . man ( cont 'd ) where be ya suppose to be ? 61 . amelia when I leave , I be aim for Paris . oh. man ( very sad ) ya miss , y'know . ( point ) it 's over there . ext . new york harbor - day 58 58 movietone newsreel footage of Amelia arrive at New York Harbor to a overwhelming reception . announcer ( o.s. ) Amelia earhart arrive to a tumul - tuous New York reception after she whirlwind tour of Europe , in which we Queen of the Skies dance with she royal counterpart the Prince of Wale , before meeting both benito mussolini and the Pope . the mayor , the governor , every dignitary that could get a invitation be there to greet she . announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the second human to fly the Atlantic solo , she be the only one ever to fly it twice . and she set the record , man or woman , for the fastest crossing . fourteen hour 54 minute . as she wave to the crowd ... announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) now it 's America 's turn to show we girl what we think of she ! dissolve to ... int . backstage , constitutional hall , WASHINGTON , d.c . - night 59 59 we be stand in the wing . through the curtain , we glimpse the eager , pack house in a auditorium . from the stage , a speaker drone , but backstage ... ... George peek out at the throng . when he look back , we see Amelia , she troubled face . the fold newspaper in she hand . G W W 62 . amelia ( read ) ` only a average flyer , she have push herself to the front by follow the tactic of the feminist ... she look up to he . GEORGE ell , I be glad someone besides I finally notice . his smile be light . her eye watch he . then ... amelia ( read ) ` use a man-made perfect machine , tune by man mechanic , train by man flyer , on a course laid out by a man . by a lucky break she just manage to make the hop . ' she stare at the paper . his voice come gently ... GEORGE hy would you even read that garbage ? amelia well , it remind I how much I owe to the man of this world . keeps I humble . GEORGE ood . and remember how little you owe I keep I humble . and softly ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) he 's a crackpot . let it go . he point to the pack hall ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) cheer up . they be crazy about you . amelia ( quiet ) well , they be crazy about something . she look down . self - doubt flicker . amelia ( cont 'd ) what have we really do ? 63. GEORGE you have make they feel like this . amelia that 's not enough . GEORGE most of they be woman . and for they , it 's very much enough . she shake she head . amelia the World telegram say , `a magnificent display of useless courage . ' GEORGE the question be . can any magnif - icent display of courage be use - less ? a melia the point be . Men do it every day . and no one throw a parade . ah. well ... GEORGE one day closer , then . to the day when they will not think to throw one for you . she do not turn . she do not smile . amelia reasoning with I . a magnificent display of useless courage . he nod to himself . GEORGE and . it 's fun . from the stage ... announcer ( o.s. ) lady and gentlemen . the president of the UNITED states . hail to the chief strike up . we hear the deep applause . George begin to straighten Amelia 's outfit , touch she hair , as he do long ago on the copley Hotel roof . 64 . president hoover ( o.s . ) the gold medal of the national geo - graphic society be last awarded five year ago to col . charle lindbergh . George murmur close to she ear ... GEORGE if a bomb go off tonight , the whole government of the United States be out there ... president hoover ( o.s . ) it have never be awarded to a woman ... GEORGE some dog catcher will have to become President . she smile . just for he . president hoover ( o.s . ) until tonight . GEORGE ( a whisper ) Boy . imagine if you would actually do something . amelia ( a whisper ) imagine . president hoover ( o.s. ) it be my honor to welcome to consti - tution hall , a role model for lady everywhere ... amelia lady . president hoover ( o.s. ) miss amelia earhart . m GEORGE iss . she 's through the curtain , and the crowd crackle with applause as ... ... George stand in the wing . proud . and concerned . 65 . 60 60 int . train - day a train rumble through countryside . a private compartment find Amelia stare out the window . George study she . GEORGE ( v.o. ) the irony be , I would finally put that wedding day letter out of my mind . stop watch every beautiful accomplish man who cross she path . reverse angle . through the glass of we compartment door , a crowd stand jouncing against each other . gazing at they Queen of the Skies . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I have a call from the byrd . they have ask we to dinner Thursday . amelia Thursday , I will be in Boston . meeting gene vidal and Paul Collins . Said lightly . not even look at he . while through the glass , it 's become quite a tussle . GEORGE do not tell I gene want to resurrect transcontinental ? amelia no , he 's start a shuttle service . Washington , New York , Boston ... one woman go fly from view , as a young one get she place . amelia ( cont 'd ) could be a money maker for we . get I off the lecture grind . he stare in she eye . almost as if look for something . GEORGE gene 's a dash guy . he could talk anyone into anything . they look hold . 66 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) S ound like a great idea . dissolve to ... 61 61 int . restaurant , boston - night pan the dark , elegant restaurant . in a corner by the fire - place , Amelia and she dinner companion be be serve lobster . gene vidal lean to Amelia as he speak , and she hang on every word . gene transcontinental be too ambitious . too many hop , too tough on the lady . but the shuttle ... a lean athlete 's body , easy grace in every movement . strikingly handsome feature that convey not only intellect , but kindness and decency . gene ( cont 'd ) Washington , New York , Boston . I think it 's the future . will you go there with we ? she 's try to crack she lobster , but can not take she eye off she host . amelia what on earth would you need I for ? she 's make a real mess of the lobster . gene notice . paul collin do not ... paul have not George teach you anything ? Lady lindy , the queen of the air , the best know woman in the entire U.S. of a ? gene reach over , as if it be he own plate , and begin crack she lobster for she . she look in he eye and try to concentrate . paul ( cont 'd ) gene on the poster with you . legendary athlete at West Point , two event in the Olympic , a top pilot who should be run the sky for Roosevelt when he win ... 67 . gene look up at Paul , as if to say : enough . now he smile at Amelia . she blink , what ? do not you want you lobster ? G oh . she start eat ... ENE ( look only at Amelia ) thanks , Paul . I think you have even talk I out of it . dissolve to ... later . Paul have go . gene and Amelia be at the bar , huddle over he beer and she Coke . amelia ( v.o. ) gene have a terrible marriage and be separate from he alcoholic adulterous wife . but he be too kind to humiliate she with a divorce ... gene drain the last of he beer . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as a result , he be basically a single parent to they young son , Gore . he glance at he watch . wow . gene I be rattling on here , and you have get a morning train . but she 's just stare in he eye . this could be she last chance to ask ... amelia how 's Nina do ? gene oh , fine . really ? he smile , gently . gene ( cont 'd ) actually , she have not be feel she best . she will probably summer in Newport . so my kid 's stick with dad again . amelia if you two get bored , I could tag along sometimes . 68 . gene you suggest you be less boring than I be ? amelia well , yeh . he smile first . hers be slower , but here it come . amelia ( cont 'd ) any give meal , I can eat a lobster and have you boy in stitches . a full beat . he 's decide . gene Gore would love that . he have a little crush , I be afraid . amelia at seven ? gene he 's eight . well , then . he break the look . fish out some cash for the bar tab . G ENE ( cont 'd ) listen , Paul and I would be thrilled to rope you into we shuttle . amelia be you kid , it 's a godsend . no matter how hard George and I work , how many lecture we cram in , there 's never enough money for the next adventure . he look at she . let the silence sit there . his eye seem to convey a depth of understanding . gene the next adventure . what be it ? she shrug . no idea . gene ( cont 'd ) because we be run out of ocean . amelia wish you would do something about that . 69 . gene I be serious , Amelia . her soft smile . amelia I know . always . gene the only way you can stay where you be . and be who you be ... serious indeed . gene ( cont 'd ) be to keep feed the beast . she can not smile anymore . because this be the very fear she life with . gene ( cont 'd ) and the beast always need something larger , great , more dare ... amelia ( quiet ) he cost money , too . gene the price of fame , literally . do you and George talk about this ? silence . amelia we do not have to . gene with all respect . yes , you do . 62 62 int . HOTEL corridor - later walk together down the hallway of she hotel . no one speak . they thought be they own . she reach she room , find she key . open the door , and ... ... turn to he . a brief , direct look . she reach one hand gently behind he head . leans up . k iss he mouth . amelia ( a whisper ) thank you . his eye question . T T h 70 . amelia for understanding . there be no smile . without a word , she go into she room . close the door behind she . e stand alone . do I knock on that door ? then , smile to himself , and simply ... walk away . dissolve to ... int . banquet hall , WASHINGTON - night 63 63 crowd hall , each table ringed by diner in formal dress . at a table of honor , George sit next to elinor Smith , chat comfortably . pan to the head table ... GEORGE ( v.o. ) after Roosevelt win , he wife Eleanor bring the advancement of woman to national attention with stun success . close on eleanor roosevelt , eat heartily , chat , laugh with a companion we do not see until ... GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a gutsy gal who ride a bobsle in he Winter Olympic , spend hour each morning on horseback , and carry a pistol on car trip . she possess boundless energy , a tower intellect ... ... we reveal Amelia in a formal satin dress at she side , dish with the first Lady like the close of girlfriend . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and be Amelia 's idol . as it happen , she be obsessed with fly , make Amelia she absolute heroine . a melia so he have not actually forbidden you . eleanor Franklin do not forbid . he just feel it 's a waste of my valuable ime to learn . since I can not afford to buy a plane . I I T o 71 . they share a look of such mutual understanding , neither have to smile . amelia the wrong Roosevelt get elect . eleanor and it will take at least four year to correct the mistake . keeps eat . eleanor ( cont 'd ) I do ask about aviation , but he have not decide on the structure yet . it might be under the Bureau for commerce . amelia I think the structure may be less important than the man choose to run it . Said casually , look at she plate . eleanor my hearing be fail . I miss the word `or woman , ' which you undoubtedly add after , or per - hap before , the word `man . ' amelia he could be one of that rare instance . when the most accomplish candidate . turn out to be male . glance up for the reaction . eleanor how exciting . I love find the exception that prove the rule . be t a name I know ? Amelia 's straight gaze . her small smile . amelia how do you feel about fly at night ? Eleanor 's eye register the change of topic . Rolling with it ... eleanor I have never do it . Franklin find t dangerous . 72 . amelia outstanding . 64 64 int . condor airliner - later raucous party in the small cabin , host by George and fuel . by champagne . pan slowly to ... .. the cockpit . Amelia at the control in she evening dress and formal glove . Eleanor in the co-pilot 's seat , awestruck by the brilliant starry night . Amelia glance over , move by she friend 's almost childlike wonder . amelia ( softly ) put you hand on the wheel . Eleanor look over . be you serious ? amelia it 's dual control . no one will ever know . hesitation . amelia ( cont 'd ) do not you trust I ? and slowly , Eleanor 's finger close on she wheel . Amelia 's hand come away from hers . eleanor dear God . the condor purr along through the night air . the moon bob slightly off to one side . Eleanor 's eye be swim with the thrill of this . amelia I feel like a Coke . can I get you something ? and stand up . only the trace of she smile as the pilot 's eye widen in absolute shock . amelia ( cont 'd ) do try not to hit the ground . dissolve to ... int . white house PRESS room - day 65 65 a sea of press , quiet , poise , attentive . reverse angle to ... y 73. ... close on a seat Roosevelt before a bank of microphone . roosevelt today , we proudly announce a appointment critical to America 's commerce , and to its role as technology 's leader in the twentieth century . pan to gene at he side . sober. distinguish . proud . roosevelt ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) G ene vidal be a obvious and perfect choice as we first director of commerce 's Aeronautics branch . his extraordinary credential include ... dissolve to ... ext . putnam home , rye - evening 66 66 a taxi slowly pull up to the home we know . warmly light , music play from within . gene climb from the cab , as yard light go on . as gene start up the path , the front door open and Amelia burst into the night , running to gene , jumping into he arm , hugging he in she delight . we pull back to ... George watch it all from the doorway . his easy smile seem comfortably in place , as ... ... Amelia walk gene up the path , she arm around he waist , talk excitedly , flushed as a schoolgirl . as they reach the door ... George be the picture of calm and dignity . he beam and clasp gene 's hand . throw a arm around he shoulder as Amelia lead they inside . the door close . we hear laughter . ext . garden , rye - day 67 67 Amelia on she knee , tend to she garden . she seem happy and fill with energy . George come and kneel beside she . start weed . amelia have I tell you what a perfect job ou do on the peony ? they be miraculous . m I 74 . GEORGE ( work ) you have , actually . twice . amelia sorry . GEORGE it 's all right . you have be distract lately . no spin on that . if G anything , the tone be kind . eorge ( cont 'd ) listen , I have put together a month n Europe . Close some foreign license deal , open new market ... she do not look up . amelia when be you leave ? GEORGE thing be . I would like you to come . she stiffen only slightly . can he sense it ? amelia I do not really see how I can . GEORGE I have talk to the promoter , they will switch some lecture date for we . now he 's look at she profile . sadden , if not surprised , by what he see . amelia well , it 's not just that . there 's y work on the shuttle , we be at a critical stage , and ... I have just start as gene 's consultant at the Aeronautics branch ... she know he 's watch . shake she head . keeps on work . GEORGE normally , I would be worried about leave you here alone . but I suppose that will not be a problem , will it ? she stop now . look up at he . if he want a direct conversation , he can have it . B 75 . amelia what be you try to say ? GEORGE I think I have just say it . a long hold look . neither back away . sadness on both side . GEORGE ( softly ) be there anything you want to say ? she sigh . her finger reach out , rub he hand with affection . amelia I can not think of anything helpful . he nod . well , then . rise slowly ... walk back toward the house , he garden tool forget . she stare after he . h e disappear into the house . she 's still stare . dissolve to ... ext . los angele coliseum - day 68 68 movietone newsreel footage introduce by its theme . a stadium in brilliant sunlight , fill with more than 100,000 people . announcer ( o.s. ) Los Angeles , California . the tenth Olympic of the modern era kick off , as movie star mingle with ordinary joe . on the track , women run the 100 meter high hurdle as every throat cheer . announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) here 's the gold medal run of the world 's best woman athlete , abe didrickson . cheer on by the most celebrate woman of today ... tight insert of Amelia with gene and 8 - year - old gore , all applaud excitedly . G G 76 . announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ... that 's right , Amelia earhart . Hollywood glamor , american winner , and wait till we boy warm up for they action . the camera linger as Amelia say something to Gore . they look like a family . int . george' office , new york - dusk 69 69 close on George alone in he office . he go to the door , lock it . his face be draw , grim . eorge ( v.o . ) by this time , I have a side job as chairman of the editorial board of paramount picture . so Amelia and I buy a little place in Los Angeles . he go slowly back to he desk . on it , sit a large cardboard carton . eorge ( v.o. ) she be out there , prepare for a flight , when we home in Rye burn to the ground . we see that the content of the box , papers , small object , have be singed or charree . he stare into it . GEORGE ( v.o. ) we both cry when I call to tell she . she ask to come be with I . but I insisted she stay there , to keep on schedule for she flight . he reach into the box ... GEORGE ( v.o. ) so many treasure lose . letter and poem she would write . I pour through the rubble ... int . los angele home - day 70 70 Amelia curl up on the sofa of a cozy , pleasant little home . the door be open to the patio and yard . Winter be different here . tropical flower , fruit tree in bloom . the phone ring and she pick it up quickly , know it 's George . G 77 . amelia ( softly ) hi. ( beat ) yeh . what 's today be like ? you still okay ? intercut George at he office . he 's stand at the window , phone in one hand , single sheet of paper in the other . like the other object in the box , it be partially singe . eorge I find something you would write . draw a breath . read ... G eorge ( read ) ` to touch you hand or see you face today be joy . you casual presence in a room recall the star that watch we as we lay . back to Amelia . tear fill she eye . GEORGE ( read ) I mark you in the move crowd and see again that star a warm night leat we long ago . we love so then . we love so now . intercut George . his eye be dry . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) thank you for write that . a beat . his voice still softer ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) even though I would never see it . hold on he . the pain of what that must mean . and ... back to los angele 71 71 her lip be parte . she 's search for word . amelia I suppose I think . it be too revealing . widen angle . gene enter the room with a drink in he hand and sit down next to she , concerned by she obvious distress . amelia ( into the phone ) I be so glad you have it now . ( listen ) ( more ) S 78 . amelia ( cont would ) of course . I , too . I will call you later . she hang up slowly . the tear begin to fall . she look at gene helplessly . then stand without a word . walk out into the yard . dissolve to ... 72 72 ext . newark airport - newsreel footage - night spectator at Newark Airport . a plane circle the field as flood light flash on , and the crowd begin to cheer . arcing a in now for a landing . smooth trajectory . nnouncer ( o.s. ) the odyssey begin in honolulu when he become the first person , man or woman , to fly solo over half the Pacific to California . touch down , the cheer crowd hold back by police . as Amelia taxie to a stop , the crowd break through police line and surge toward the plane . announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) then , the first human to solo from California to Mexico City . follow by she dare solo across the Gulf . as she pass over Washington , D.C. , she eclipse the time of a certain previous flight , from 27 hour to 13 hour . Amelia hop down from the plane , grin and wave . she be surround by ador fan . announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the pilot of that previous flight ? some guy name lindbergh . the jostling of the crowd get out of control , the police can not protect she as she be swept along by the mob , beam , laugh , enjoy it all . int . mayflower HOTEL bar , WASHINGTON , d.c . - night 73 73 Dark little piano bar . they sit in a quiet corner , com - fortable in silence . gene with he martini , Amelia with she Coke . she 's shelling peanut from a bowl , pop some in she mouth , pass a few over to he . T 79 . gene if you do not drink , why do you come of bar ? amelia must be the ambience . and the nut . gene what worry I be , in some of this bar the nut be the ambience . specially when they make a pass at you . S he chew , stare at he . amelia any guy would have to be nut to do that . I be considerable trouble , if you have not notice . gene you keep advertising that , but I be still wait to see it . she look down at she finger as they shell . barely audible ... amelia you will see it . gene well , here 's you chance . I be take Gore to the conference in bermuda . he want you to come . amelia Gore , huh ? gene sure . I be completely indifferent . amelia I wish . do you ? amelia ( cont 'd ) would make life simpler . she throw a peanut which boinks off he face . he smile a suddenly goofy , very non-elegant smile . amelia ( cont 'd ) actually , I will be in Indiana . Edward elliot of purdue want ( more ) a 80 . amelia ( cont would ) I to build a woman 's career department there . really ? he like that . amelia ( cont 'd ) I will be back and forth . when I be there , I have ask to stay in the dorm with the girl . gene that 's a wonderful idea . especially now . something in the way he say that . amelia what 's special about now ? gene a good time for some positive press about you as a role model . her eye harden . whatever do you mean ? gene ( cont 'd ) you do not read the papers ? amelia not unless someone make I . gene well , someone should . because they be all say you take recklessly dangerous solo flight for no earthly purpose except publicity . meaning , money . Dead . silence . G ENE ( cont 'd ) they also harp on a grow list of product that you commercially endorse . amelia how thoughtless of I to be do will this in a society where no one else be interested in make money . present company include . he 's not afraid of she . I I o G h I a S F 81 . gene look , George have you take money rom the sugar cartel for the Hawaii flight , the mexican government for theirs , he 's sell commemorative stamp which you carry on the flight ... amelia if this be about George , just say of . because we make that call , no we include I . gene I be sorry I say it that way . this 's actually about you , because I be pick a fight , apparently a useless one , for the benefit of someone I care about . amelia and what 's you point ? woman be eld to some higher standard ? banker and industrialist be ad - mire for succeed , but woman be just consider selfish and grasp ? ENE ( quietly ) of course they be . amelia well , let 's change that , shall we ? be would you just prefer to adopt t , since grovel would be easier . stare at each other . gene if you want to make money , my guess 's that people view you as Lady lindy , America 's sweetheart of the Skies , the wife / mother / daughter they all wish they have . would be helpful . amelia thanks for the tip . gene thanks for not be defensive . full beat . T 82. amelia well , I be a open-minded girl . and of prove it , I be hereby resign as you consultant at the S Aeronautics branch . he throw some money on the table for the drink . amelia ( cont 'd ) the public link of we name do more harm to that image of mine than everything else put together . she stand up . amelia ( cont 'd ) next time you read the papers . try read between the line . walk out . gene make no move to follow . he 's say he piece . dissolve to ... ext . rose garden , white house - day 74 74 movietone newsreel footage introduce by its theme . against a backdrop of flowerbed , Amelia be flanke by four women with conservative hat and middle - age gravitas . the photographer edge closer . amelia I come to Washington today with the National woman 's Party , to ask the President for he aid in pass the lucretia mott amendment for equal rights . she wait for the press to quiet . amelia ( cont 'd ) and that 's because I have not need it . the winsome smile . amelia ( cont 'd ) I be the lucky one . we Department of commerce show no prejudice in issue license to fly . a pilot be a pilot . and now it fade . 83. amelia ( cont 'd ) how about give the rest of we woman . the one who can be productive for they family and for we nation a equal break ? she be not defiant . Gentle and strong . amelia ( cont 'd ) they be you sister and you daughter . they be you wife . and fella ... the smallest shake of she head . amelia ( cont 'd ) you have no excuse . and you know it . 75 C 75 int . women' dormitory , purdue university - night o- eds gather in the common room in robe and nightgown . they fill the old couch , the mismatch easy chair , curl up in blanket on the floor . pan to ... ... Amelia in flannel pajamas , sit on the grand piano , point to the next question among the many raise hand . CO - ed okay , it 's all well and good to tell we to study whatever we want , and work at whatever we want , and not give a darn about what the world of man think ... amelia ... include they want we to say darn instead of damn . laughter . the girl flush a little , she point be a crucial one ... CO - ed but what about that of we who be get marry when we graduate ? what advice do you have for we ? amelia do not . she mean that . and no one be laugh now . W W 84 . amelia ( cont 'd ) build you career first . and , surprisingly , that 's the best thing you can do for you eventual marriage . so many eager face , so many disturb one . amelia ( cont 'd ) look . it start with a strong sexual attraction , that the oman assume must be love . some head be nodd . some eye suspicious . amelia ( cont 'd ) everything work until the first financial crisis jar the man 's confidence and threaten the oman 's security . why ...? she look from one to the next . amelia ( cont 'd ) because she can not help . all she can be be dependent . because that I 's what she 's be train to be . a phone ring . one of the girl snatch it up to cut off the interruption . CO - ed # 2 ( hushed ) common room . oh. sure. ( hand over phone , to amelia ) he say he 's the man in you life . Amelia hop off the piano . there be plenty of curious face . amelia trust I . only a husband talk like that . in they laughter , she go to the phone . everybody hang on every word of ... amelia ( into the phone ) yes ? yes. yes ... ( hand over phone , to the girl ) they love when we say `ye . ' laughter . ( 85 . amelia ( cont 'd ) I be fly in Tuesday . yes , of course , I will make time . beat ) I , too . ( beat ) I , too . thanks for the rose . she hang up . turn to she ador pupil , and drop a curtsy . ta-da ! they applaud . she stare at they . as if decide whether to say ... amelia ( cont 'd ) can you woman keep a secret ? they can . and boy , do they want to hear one . amelia ( cont 'd ) well , it 's no secret that I be a bit drive , some might say obsessive , about my little fly adven - ture ... they be nodd , wide - eye , go on . amelia ( cont 'd ) I have decide to embark on easily the most exciting , possibly cra - ziest , ever ... they hold they breath . amelia ( cont 'd ) I be go to fly . around the world . a freeze beat for they to even absorb this . they burst into wild applause , Amelia beam , as we dissolve to ... 7 ext . park avenue , new york - night 6 76 Amelia and George , bundle against the cold , walk Park Avenue hand in hand . Christmas decoration , bright light . a good mood prevail . amelia be you go to tell I you surprise , or do I have to get physical ? GEORGE Boy , that be the last thing I would want . well , then ? 86 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I only think that if you be serious about this around - the-world nonsense . it might be handy to have a plane to fly in . amelia except it would have to be a electra , and they cost ... GEORGE ... $ 36,000 . after a generous discount from lockheed . amelia May as well be a billion . GEORGE ... not to mention at least another 36 to get it modify and ready . she glance at he . he look awfully smug . amelia and you surprise be , you rob a bank . GEORGE actually . a university . they stop . what on earth ...? GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I have sort of persuade Ed elliot to create a Amelia earhart Fund for aeronautical Research at purdue . and suggest a budget item of ... he shrug . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ...oh , eighty grand . for a suitable kfly laboratory . ' her eye just bug out . no ! he nod , slowly . uh-huh . and she ... ... throws she arm around he neck , kissing he hard enough G to startle passersby . it only make he chuckle . eorge ( cont 'd ) as I say , I have sort of persuade Ed . there be a bunch of trustee and donor , though . we have to get they on board . 87 . amelia think I could help ? he look in she eye . GEORGE Nah . she grin . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) by the way . that 's not the surprise . it 's not ? uh-uh . and he glance to ... ... the window of the gallery they have stop at . she see a magnificently carve chest . on a crest in the front : ae . we pan the surface , to see plane , ocean , a shamrock for the londonderry landing , dozen more symbol of she triumph , and in a bottom corner , look up at all of this in wonder ... ... a small cat . in a long frock coat . GEORGE ( a whisper ) merry Christmas . her tear just come . she 's stand on Park Avenue and she can not do anything about it . he reach a tender hand ... ... and stroke she hair . he be she hero . see it in she eye . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) can not wait to see what you get I . she sniffles . amelia cat food . a whole case . int . home , rye - day 77 77 Amelia at she write desk . determined , focus . she begin to write ... amelia ( o.s. ) dear Mr. President : some time ago I tell you and Mrs. Roosevelt about my confidential plan for a world flight . the chief problem be the jump westward from honolulu ... a 's she write , dissolve to ... 88. 78 78 int . dine room , purdue university - night a glitter table surround by high roller . George and President elliot sit on either side of Amelia , who have rise to speak . amelia as President elliot have say , it would be a shine adventure , beckone with new experience . make I more useful to the program here at purdue . she look into the eye of each in turn ... amelia ( cont 'd ) it be much more . I believe that woman should do for themselves what man have do - and occasionally what man have not . yes ? amelia ( cont 'd ) this might encourage other woman toward great independence of think and action . and I know how deeply you gentleman desire that . there be gentle laughter . Amelia react in mock surprise . amelia ( cont 'd ) I know , of course , from my chat earlier in the evening . with each of you wife . more laughter . applause from a wife , then the other , then all . amelia ( cont 'd ) in that spirit , I want each of you to reach for you checkbook ... she regards they amusement . and lose none of the warmth of she own smile ... amelia ( cont 'd ) I mean that quite literally . this be a opportunity for I to exhibit the quality my husband admire most . G eorge and Amelia gaze at each other . y a F a y 89 . amelia ( cont 'd ) the capacity . to be relentless . 79 79 int . hangar - day the lockheed electra , a sleek state - of - the - art aircraft with its gleam metallic surface , nose up in the center of a huge space . its engine be on hoist , be work on by a team of mechanic . eight - year-old Gore gaze up , as if he have never see anything quite so wondrous . Amelia and gene watch , with barely suppress smile . he 's in a suit . she 's in grease - stain overall from work with the mechanic . gore so you would be the first one , right ? ou always like that . first one ? gore ( cont 'd ) to fly around the world . amelia well , there 's magellan , 400 year go . actually , he do not make it . and he die . and he use a boat . gore so it 's almost the same , except it 's completely different . amelia pretty much . he glower at she . she glower back . gene there be man who say they fly around the world , but they do not ly around all of it . gore because at higher latitudes , it 's short trip . at the North pole , ou just spin in a circle and you have go around the world . amelia so why be you ask ? just to show how smart you be ? gore pretty much . W T 90 . now he 's grin . she just glower harder . G ore ( cont 'd ) the only way to really fly around he world be to fly the entire circumference of 27,000 mile . like at the equator . amelia no one 's try it . you think I should ? no answer . amelia ( cont 'd ) dare I . gore okay . amelia okay . be she serious ? she seem to be . gene ask she about the Pacific . the maximum range of the electra be 4000 mile . and the close land est of honolulu be farther than that . Gore look to she . well ? amelia I will have to refuel . gore where ? amelia in the air . one plane to another . the boy be stare at she now . stare . gore you be really go to do all this , be not you ? amelia well , do not you think I can ? a beat . gore I guess we will find out . F D I 91 . another . amelia pretty much . hold on gene . he smile at he kid ... gene go out to the car and get Sara . ask if she will take you for a ice cream . okay ? the boy know he 's be dismiss . look from he dad to Amelia , who step forward to give he a hug and a kiss . amelia we will play some card before you leave . okay , then . he wave . one more glance at dad , and Gore go . gene gesture for Amelia to come with he , away from the mechanic . what 's up ? but he 's already walk to ... ... a little fold table , off in a corner . she follow . sits. well ...? G ENE you can not refuel in the air . just like that . amelia 's that a opinion or a order ? his rueful smile . gene the only good thing about lose we former relationship be I feel a little freer to tell you when you be be completely crazy . amelia oh , I bet there be more advantage than just that . no one 's back down on this . gene you be not a good enough pilot to of mid-air refueling . you will not be able to control the electra or that docking maneuver for that amount of time . o I T 92 . amelia I have take bigger risk . gene I have notice . do not be so proud of it . he reach into a pocket . pull out a fold sheet of paper . it open to reveal a map of the Pacific . a dot be circle in red . gene ( cont 'd ) this be howland Island . it 's half - way between honolulu and New guinea . it have no elevation , no tree , it 's a mile wide and a mile and a half long . hardly anyone know or care that it exist . amelia it 's you vacation home . gene we be colonize it , because when the japanese make they move , we be go to need a refueling strip there . she blink . the japanese . gene ( cont 'd ) try read the newspaper between he line . we have not start building the runway yet . maybe if someone I know could get the President 's attention ... she stare at the map . the dot . gene ( cont 'd ) it 's really tiny , a grain of sand n the middle of a thousand mile for nowhere . her eye be click through a calculus of they own . gene ( cont 'd ) F you would need a first - class navigator or that leg . which mean the trip can not be entirely solo . and softly ... gene ( cont 'd ) can you handle that ? T 2 93. no answer . he wait without say a word . amelia ( softly back ) do not rush I . I be think . 80 80 ext . coast guard station , los angele - morning a Coast Guard station overlook the Pacific . a lone woman lean on a railing . from the station , a man emerge , he have ... ...a thermos and two large mug . he pour steaming coffee into each , and bring they to the woman at the rail . she have turn to study he as he approach . amelia hullo , Fred . it 's good to meet you . she hold out she hand . he juggle the mug , so he can shake it . strong look in each other 's eye . hand she a mug ... fred I hear you like you coffee black . amelia this time of day , I like it with bacon and egg . his slight grin . a handsome guy . fred be right back . amelia over easy on the egg . you job could depend on it . silence between they . comfortable smile . fred be we size I up ? and , of course , this be exactly what she 's do . amelia I be tell that mid-air refueling would be beyond my ability . fred maybe , maybe not. 20 % it work . 0 % you crash . 60 % you do not get he fuel , so you be cook anyway . E p 94 . amelia better odd of hit that island ? F red how do you feel about 100 % ? watch he eye as he say that . evaluate . amelia even with cloud cover ? fred I have cross the Pacific by air 18 time . Pan be tell you I be the best celestial navigator they have ever see . amelia they do . fred someone else tell you I have a drink problem . which be a big art of why we be here , yes ? no answer . fred ( cont 'd ) Pan be will tell you . everyone I ver work for will tell you . nothing 's interfered with my performance . not once . amelia my dad drank . he lie all the time . Rest he soul . fred you trust Bill stultz . that work out . Rest he soul . amelia Bill just have to find Europe . we be look for something less than two mile long , with nothing higher on it than 18 foot . he shake he head . fred that 's what you be look for . I be look for coordinate on a map . and if it do not work ... he spread he large hand ... T I 95 . fred ( cont 'd ) money -back guarantee . she hold the look . amelia ( softly ) hey . how can I lose ? 81 81 int . barclay HOTEL , new york - day Amelia at a bank of microphone , smile , modest , comfortable . George and Fred stand back to one side . flashbulb go crazy , newsreel camera churn . amelia do I pressure the navy to build a landing strip at howland Island ? how exactly would I do that ? L threaten not to enlist ? aughter in the room . more flash . amelia ( cont 'd ) the airstrip have be plan for a long time . I be thrilled to learn it will be ready in time for my flight . the navy have be wonderful , as always . reporter # 1 Amelia , what do you say to the charge that you husband be pull the string , pressure you nto this around - the-world flight of make a financial kill ? George bolt forward to the microphone , look at he wife with astonishment ... GEORGE wait a minute , you be fly around the world ? do not you know a woman 's place be in the home ?? the press roar with laughter . reporter # 2 George , why do not you go along this time ? watch over the little woman . GEORGE I begge to go . but it seem that between 185 pound of husband and 1 85 pound of fuel , I lose out . T T 96 . gaze at he wife . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) at least , I think that 's what all he laughter mean . he give she a kiss . thirty flash record it . as he step back ... reporter # 3 expert be say that this kfly laboratory ' be a sham . there 's nothing to be learn for aviation , and you be just in this for the money . the place get really quiet . amelia who be I to argue with vexpert ? ' I will just give you my plain old common- sense think on this ... pen come up , camera jockey for position . this be what they be wait for . she hold up one finger . first ... amelia ( cont 'd ) we may not learn much about the plane , but we will about the pilot . endurance over a month 's journey , fly nearly every day . response of stress , crise . I think that will make a contribution . hold up a second finger . two ... amelia ( cont 'd ) I be a work stiff like all of you . I do not apologize for the fact that I need money to live . and to keep financing my fly , which be what I love . I think that 's a positive example for woman . third finger . Three ... amelia ( cont 'd ) I be not do this as a scientist . I be a flyer , boy , pursue my passion . for the fun of it . the fun of it . something I recommend as a healthy motive for woman . a wink . a shrug ... T T S 97 . amelia ( cont 'd ) ... and maybe even some man . 8 2 82 ext . luke field , honolulu - sunrise the electra ready to go in first light , engine hum . Amelia walk alone toward the plane . superimpose : luke field , honolulu . MARCH 20 , 1937 . he wave goodbye to crew and press . climb the step to be welcome by Fred 's hand gently pull she aboard . the door close . we see Amelia and Fred in the cockpit . he check a gauge . fred Lovely . we have get so much fuel we can not possibly get off the ground . much safer than fly . amelia well , we need enough for a third pass at howland . after you miss it the first couple time around . ah . fred good think . he runway light go on , and ... GEORGE ( v.o. ) we be , all of we , fearful about hat landing . no one guess ... Amelia roar off , gather speed . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... it would be the take -off . the electra suddenly veer to the right , and we smash CUT to ... int . electra 83 83 Amelia throttle down the leave engine . the plane swinging wildly to the leave , as ... N 98 . 84 84 ext . / int . electra ... the right wheel collapse , the plane spin to the left and we intercut between the cockpit and the runway as the electra ... ... careen madly for a thousand foot , Amelia cutting the switch to the engine , fight for control , propellers smashed by the concrete runway , SPARKS flying in every direction ... intercut . oakland Airport . George and he retinue wait . a phone ringing . someone take the call , he face freeze , . he look wildly around to ... .. George , who 's there , snatching the receiver . voice ( o.s. ) have you hear ? they crash , the ship 's in flame . smash CUT to the cockpit , the electra spinning crazily on its belly , SPARKS everywhere , the plane suddenly come ... ...to a bone - jarring stop . the right motor be push up into its wing , which itself have buckled , the stabilizer bent , the leave wing extend upward from scraping the runway , the landing gear no longer exist . siren scream as fire truck and ambulance race toward they . Amelia be ashen , disbely . next to she , a gentle ... fred good reaction , cut the switch . you save we ass . she do not even hear , throwing open the cockpit , waving to signal they be all right , we smash CUT to ... ext . oakland airport - day 85 85 George wander numbly on the airfield , as someone run like crazy from the office , shouting ... man no FIRE ! no FIRE , false report ! o one hurt ! George alone on the tarmac . stop in he track . now he can cry . I T 99 . 86 86 ext . garden , los angele home - almost sunrise two figure in a garden , walk in light so spare they be silhouettes . her head be down . his hand be in he pocket . we close on they as she finger a blossom , we now see she be miserable , fight absolute despair . GEORGE Three week , she will be good as new . it 's a remarkable crew . the best T hat ... he stop . realizing where he be go . she never look up . amelia ... the best that money can buy . I just can not believe I have do this of we . all the money waste that 's never come back . GEORGE you cut the engine . it would have cost a bundle more to replace a burn - up plane . not to mention pilot . she shake she head . no . amelia I overreact . the plane be too heavy , I should have use the rudder pedal instead of the throttle . tear stand in she eye . she be so ashamed and remorseful . he let it stay silent as they walk . then ... GEORGE t's only money , we will figure it out . we always do . amelia I will make it back and more , I promise . the book sale , the lecture , this flight will keep we go another three year . GEORGE maybe . or ... amelia no , it will . we price , we sale , be go to double . ( more ) W a 100 . amelia ( cont would ) this show they how dangerous it all be , they be take it for grant ... ( sniffle ) they think I be competent . GEORGE ( softly ) I mean . or maybe we can quit . she look over . not sure if ... amelia you mean after . GEORGE or. even now . a strong smile . he nod . we could . amelia so my exit would be a stupid crash . no withdraw from a world - publicize attempt to finally do something no man have do before . GEORGE yeh . that . and it would be fine ith I . her eye overwhelm a he offer . by her voice soft with ... melia but that 's because you be a idiot . GEORGE lucky for you . a hold beat . amelia and what if it 's not something I have to show the world ? hmmn ? amelia what if it 's something I have to show I . he have no answer for that . take she hand . they head toward the house . int . hangar - night 87 87 massive enclose space . the rebuilt electra in piece at various work station , be perfect by team of mechanic . T I S 101 . the whirr and clang of tool . Amelia and George confer with one foreman , as George see something . he touch she arm , point in we direction . reverse angle as she see ... ... gene have enter the hangar . stands by the fold table we have see before . GEORGE have fun . amelia who let you off the hook on this ? she take he hand firmly and together they cross the hangar toward gene . he smile , unfold a third chair . as they arrive , Amelia step forward ... ... kiss gene on the cheek . George shake he hand . gene thanks for let I come . as they sit , gene look from one to the other . gene ( cont 'd ) I guess I be already outvote . GEORGE she would outvote you all by herself . he do it to I every day . gene 's smile can not mask the concern in he eye . amelia I do not have a choice . I have to reverse my route and fly east . if go west now , I be risk hurricane in the Caribbean and monsoon in Africa ... gene but you be fly howland last , when you be exhaust . she know this . in the silence ... G eorge gene , this way we first leg be oakland to Miami . it 's a shakedown of make sure the plane be right . that 's crucial . gene nod , slowly . his eye still lock on she . 102 . gene maybe I be obsess on howland because it be my bright idea , and I would feel responsible if ... amelia well , if I do pop off , I will try to make it somewhere that 's not you fault . gene I would appreciate that . draw a breath . gene ( cont 'd ) you miss that island . you will be out of fuel , with 2000 mile to go . amelia but I will have Fred so I will not miss . in fact , I be take Fred along for this whole trip . surprisingly , he do not seem to like this . she smile . amelia ( cont 'd ) give up my little arrogance about solo . Safety first , yes ? but he 's still unhappy . she wait for he to say . gene you and Fred alone for a month ... amelia if you be worried about he drink , I will deal with it . straight look . amelia ( cont 'd ) I can handle Fred . and now we get a sense of exactly what do worry he . he glance to George ... gene how do you feel ? GEORGE tip-top . every little girl need a man around . even strong girl like ours , hmmn ? a very direct gaze . word neither say nor need . G T a 103 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) she can handle we . she can handle Fred . a full beat . the look hold between the man . G eorge ( cont 'd ) and thanks for be here . you have always have Amelia 's best interest t heart . he look still unbroken . eorge ( cont 'd ) and , for that . I be grateful . 88 88 ext . miami airport - day - newsreel footage Amelia and George crossing the tarmac from the electra , wave to the crowd . announcer ( o.s. ) the legendary Amelia earhart land in Miami , complete the first and easiest leg of she around - the-world equatorial flight . a feat no man have ever attempt . that 's hubby George with she , he get off here . behind they , coat sling casually across he shoulder , be Fred . waving like he belong . announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) that handsome guy behind they be not a movie star . nope , it 's navigator Fred noonan , who will be Amelia 's sole companion on the exotic odyssey ... close on the rugge smile . announcer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey , where do a guy go to apply for a job like that ? ext . beach , miami - dusk 89 89 the pastel sky have darken along the row of legendary hotel . at first , we can barely find they at the water 's edge . close to see she sit where the surf can not quite reach she toe . he 's lie back , hand cradling he head . watch the star come out . nothing say . then ... o T o 104 . amelia I will be fly sky no one 's ever be in . you make that happen . she look down to he easy smile . GEORGE hate to think where you would be without I . she smile back . tenderness we do not always see . amelia I will try to make you proud . GEORGE you do that long , long ago . only not person leave to prove yourself of . just make sure you do it . a beat . the doubt come . amelia and then what ? GEORGE then the best part . the future . she stare in he eye . leans to he . amelia ( a whisper ) oh yeh . that . she bring she hand to he face . her mouth to he . deep. long . her body sink into he . long angle . two alone . only each other . ext . miami airport - day 90 90 long angle . from the open door of a hangar we see Amelia and George face reporter in front of the idling electra . she sit on the wing , he 's just beneath she . GEORGE ( v.o. ) the radio problem creep up on we ver time . superimpose : miami airport . JUNE 1. GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the marine 500 kilocycle radio be leave in oakland . Amelia say she ( more ) C 105 . GEORGE ( cont would ) and Fred be both amateur at morse code , so the radio be not worth what it weigh . Amelia have make the boy laugh . George laugh with they . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the 250 foot trail auxiliary antenna , she would leave behind in Miami . too heavy , not important . flash now . and plenty of they . she reach down to take George 's hand and hop down from the wing . more flash ... GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then , suddenly we remain radio would not reach its designate frequency . Pan be hurriedly replace the main antennae . and we think all be well . Amelia and George come toward we now , hand in hand , leave the press behind . into ... the hangar . in shadow here . the world far away , she take he hand . a silence . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Race you to California . I will go west . five buck ? amelia if you will fly the plane . make it twenty . and then ... amelia ( cont 'd ) simpkin keep many mouse at one time . each under a different teacup . wow . he 's finally go to hear this . GEORGE we be say he 's cruel ? amelia no . GEORGE control ? amelia insecure . I T 106 . ah . the light begin to dawn . amelia ( cont 'd ) he need the illusion of activity of feel comfortable . that he 's prepare for all contingency . George have to grin . amelia ( cont 'd ) that he have more iron in the F ire than anyone know . GEORGE especially the mouse . amelia exactly . each poor mouse think it 's all about she . stare at each other . GEORGE and one of they . be right . amelia ( a murmur ) she know . and then ... GEORGE want you to give I something . he 's never sound quite like this before . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) tell I this be you last flight . her eye flicker . look down . a whisper ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) promise . and when the eye come up . amelia do not you know I could not ? even if part of I want to . very , very much . the look hold . amelia ( cont 'd ) how can we be anything . but what we be ? 107 . there be no answer . she lean up into a slow kiss . amelia ( cont 'd ) I do love you . something in she serious face make he smile . GEORGE well , I love you back . amelia thanks . take a step back toward the hangar door . one hand slightly up , stay here . then , the smile he 's wait for . amelia ( cont 'd ) see ya . he smile back . she turn and head out toward the idling plane . she seem small , even fragile , alone on the tarmac . stay with George . watch she go . slow dissolve to ... ext . / int . montage 91 91 series of angle , crossfade , dissolves , including ... image from the electra : - view down onto a endless sea of triple - canopy rainforest . - view of brazilian CITY from above . view onto the ocean and African coast . - view of animal run beneath we . - view of the sahara' sand superimpose : image from stop : - Children surround Amelia at a African airfield - Amelia sleep in the open desert - be welcome by turbane dignitary - Amelia on a camel , suddenly kick it into a gallop superimpose : image from TRAVEL map - 108 . - its red line trace we journey from Miami to San Juan to Venezuela , to Brazil the red line move across the Atlantic , to french West Africa and North to the Sudan - the red line move from the Nile River across the tip of Arabian Peninsula , through persia , Afghanistan and finally to Calcutta . superimpose : image from amelia' article - headline from various installment of she daily article in the Herald tribune , with she byline . dissolve from montage to ... ext . airport , calcutta - evening 92 92 driving rainstorm as Amelia carry she gear toward the electra . Fred wait . the umbrella be not keep they dry . superimpose : dumdum airdrome , calcutta the building have thatched roof . there be oxcart by the runway , abandon to the downpour . Fred have to shout over the storm ... fred you 're not really taking off ! amelia it's go to get heavier and we could be stuck here for day . even week . he just glare at she . rain pounding all around they . a melia ( cont 'd ) only 700 mile to bangkok , it be lighter there . he do not move . amelia ( cont 'd ) stay if you like . and she climb into the plane . he just stand in the rain and glower . 109 . 93 93 ext . airstrip - moment later the electra roaring down the runway . it 's all alone , no one else crazy enough to be out there . at last the plane ... ... lift into the rain . wobbles just a beat . and begin to climb . ext . electra - later 94 94 a wrenching battle , plane versus monsoon . the storm be heavier , deafen , actually stripping paint from the electra 's wing . 95 95 int . electra - same moment Amelia beyond exhaustion , but focus , fight it . we think she 's fly alone . until ... ... Fred drop into the seat beside she . no word as he watch she struggle . we plane be all over the sky . the din be ungodly . amelia you think we should turn back , huh ? fred nope . I think we shouldn't have come . a AIR pocket drop they 200 foot . amelia hard to imagine landing in this . fred I 've got a idea . let' never come down . she glance over . for once , she 's scared . amelia how could you find our way back ? fred since I forget to drop bread crumb , we'll have to use dead reckoning . beat . amelia that's it ? just a guess ? I F 110 . fred US navigator prefer the term ` wild - ass guess . ' held look . amelia that 's more like it . she start to turn the plane around . int . electra - day 96 96 Amelia fly down through heavy turbulence , though it be no longer raining . her feature tense . we see the accumulate strain of the adventure . F red appear from the catwalk , slip into the seat beside she . he 's worried . point , and we see ... ... calcutta below , sprawling and endless . between we and the ground , a huge gather of flying shape . red Black eagle . if one of that clip a propeller . or fly into the engine ... her tired feature form a smile . amelia have get a idea . let 's never land . better safe than sorry . he take she point . she turn back to work ... amelia ( cont 'd ) I will wake you when the coffee 's ready . and with cold - blooded nerve , she swoops down , down , through the flock of eagle , scatter they as we arc in for a perfect landing . she never turn to ... ... Fred , who be still white - knuckling , try to get he heart start . he can not believe what she 's just do . Rolling , roll ... fred cream , no sugar . a 111 . 97 97 ext . governor's house , calcutta - twilight establish shot of a graceful pillar of the raj . night fall . ext . courtyard , governor's house - same moment 98 98 a fountain in a ornate courtyard . there be a reception , as every evening for Amelia , attend by local dignitaries . Fred , already a little drunk , lead Amelia to a massive teak - wood table . he break off the corner of a cracker , set it down in the center of the table . fred howland Island . he strike a match . snuff the flame . put the burn - out match head just by the scrap of cracker . fred ( cont 'd ) B lack smoke from the navy ship that could help we get a fix . point way across the marble courtyard . fred ( cont 'd ) now stand over there . that 's what it 's go to look like , if the weather 's good . servant ( o.s. ) Mrs. earhart ? she glance up . he beckon respectfully . ngle . alcove still with a view of Fred and the courtyard . she lift a telephone ... intercut : int . george' office - day 99 99 close on a wall map . we realize that George have be fol - low she odyssey on a map of he own . we pull back to reveal ... GEORGE Mrs. earhart ? Mr. earhart , here . he look elegant in crisp suit and tie . intercut : Amelia 's eye wide . she seem truly thrilled . intercut between they now throughout ... . R S T 112 . amelia oh , my goodness . simpkin , be it really you ? George make a purring sound . a sharp meow . amelia ( cont 'd ) this be insane . it 's so extravagant . GEORGE it get worse , I buy a brand - new suit and tie . get a date with my wife . amelia we can not possibly afford this . GEORGE ure , we can . it 's Tuesday 's call of lae that we can not afford . amelia ( delighted ) you hang up the phone this minute . you will bankrupt we and I will have to walk home . GEORGE eason with I . a magnificent display of useless courage . her eye remember . a soft ... amelia .. and it 's fun . hold on she face . and match dissolve to ... ext . bar , lae - night 100 100 ... Amelia 's face , as we leave it in the first scene . the STORM pelting all around the open-side bar . Fred study she across the table . fred a touch love story , really . he 's be drink , we can hear it in he voice . see the bottle now . nearly go . amelia a honest one . it 's what you want . he nod . that 's right . y 113. fred I wonder if it 's honest enough for George . if it 's what he want . ou know . amelia if you mean gene , we be not together anymore . in that way . not for a long time . fred whose choice be that ? she do not like he tone . shift in she seat . amelia it be mine . fred well , be not it always ? you choose in , you choose out . make thing easy . amelia anything but easy . be you disapprove of the way I live ? fred Hell , no . it 's just like I . in fact , it 's like most guy I know . his smile . fred ( cont 'd ) actually , I would like a piece of it myself . right about now . her eye harden . a melia if you have a point , Fred . make it . fred oh , I believe I have . she rise slowly . Zip she flight jacket . take she slicker from the back of she chair . amelia allow I to cut you a deal , my friend . steel in the spine of that . 114 . amelia ( cont 'd ) you show up tomorrow morning . you show up sober and you get I to howland Island . okay ? amelia ( cont 'd ) and I will forget you ever say that . she wheel around and hold she slicker over she head , go off into the pounding rain . Fred 's smile be go . he stare after she . dissolve to ... ext . radio hut , lae - later 101 101 Amelia down the path in she slicker toward a small hut . she knock . open the door to reveal ... int . radio hut - night 102 102 ... the radio receiver and transmitter . the operator balfour be a wiry Scot . he nod respectfully . balfour ready , mum . he stand and she take he seat . he show she the key to press , then step back toward the window . but she make no move to the radio . just stare at he . he do not understand . amelia ( gently ) feel like step out for a smoke ...? balfour I do not smoke . amelia ... or something ? oh . the monsoon beat down . balfour if you need help , I will be right outside . in the rain . amelia thank you . I will only be a moment . I G 115 . he put on he slicker . open a umbrella . leave . she look back to the radio . flip the switch . E amelia ( soft ) arhart here . intercut : coast guard station , los angele - day 103 103 George at a window , look west . over the Pacific . she 's there somewhere . eorge you should be sleep . he smile to keep he voice up . the eye be not smile . we intercut they conversation throughout ... amelia you should be work . GEORGE I be run a big adventure here , be a very important fellow . amelia you tell I I be the star . and you be no one at all . GEORGE ( soft ) I think I be lie . guess the joke 's on I . silence . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) how 's Fred ? amelia I be mad at he . I will be in honolulu on the 3rd , and with you in oakland for fourth of July . okay ? GEORGE do not keep I wait . amelia I will not dare . you be a very important feline . uh , fellow . GEORGE talk to I about Fred . 116 . amelia Fred be fine . he 's calculate head - wind speed versus fuel as we speak . close on he face . GEORGE you would not sell a salesman would you ? amelia he 's fine . GEORGE so what 's that I hear in you voice ? a beat . GEORGE be he drink ? amelia ( soft ) I can handle it . GEORGE call it off . right now . I mean it . amelia I can handle it . and then ... amelia I love you . silence . GEORGE after the fourth . we be go home . amelia where 's that ? GEORGE for I ? anywhere you be . she begin to cry . both hand fly to she mouth and she look away . she swallow hard . amelia I be go to like it there . I 117 . and then ... amelia ( cont 'd ) I would better . since this be my last flight . a long silence . GEORGE well . if you insist . she nod . she do . amelia t's late here . guess I will go curl up under a teacup . GEORGE I will go tell the world you be on you way . neither want to let go . we feel it so strong . GEORGE ( a whisper ) sweet dream . a beat . amelia ( whisper back ) see ya . and he 's go . she stare at the radio . int . amelia be hut - later 104 104 flicker of a kerosene lamp . Amelia write at a tiny desk . thinks now . thinks . lose in it . ext . airfield , lae - dawn 105 105 a sober , contrite Fred come down the runway in early light . as he reach the electra , he see a pile of discard object on the tarmac ... ... metal container , carton of orange , parachute . bedroll , cold weather gear . souvenir from they stop : flag , a metal plaque , native craft , a welcome miss Amelia earhart banner . as he study the pile ... ...a coffee pot come flying out of the plane to roll at he foot . suddenly , a 10 pound coffee tin sail past , as he duck . Amelia appear at the hatch , see he . G 118. fred you be find the range . but it might be easier to just shoot I . she stare at he for a moment . a subdued voice ... amelia travel light , that 's all . she sit on the lip of the hatch . her leg dangle . her eye down . fred get room for 190 pound of asshole ? no answer . she 's still look down . he 's never see she like this . fred ( cont 'd ) m a'am , I be so sor ... amelia it 's fine . her eye come up . amelia ( cont 'd ) everything be . he do not understand , but he 's glad to be forgiven . she take a letter from she pocket . run she finger over the envelope . fred I can run into town before we go . et that in the post for you . she shake she head slowly . amelia it 's for my husband . I be go to hand it to he . so I can watch he face as he read it . she sniffles slightly . amelia ( cont 'd ) it 's we tradition . ext . runway , lae airfield - morning 106 106 a runway that end in a drop -off at the water of huon Gulf . the electra , engine revving . ready to go for it . we angle close on the belly of the plane . the antenna mast support a trail wire antenna . 119 . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ten a.m. , Friday July 2 . they line up on the thousand - yard runway . one thousand gallon of fuel , enough for 20 to 21 hour of fly . long angle . Crew and onlooker watch as the plane start its run , gather speed , bouncing over uneven ground ... close now on the jouncing undercarriage , a momentary puff of dust , and as the plane move past , we may notice that the belly antenna mast seem to be gone . down the runway it rumble , still earthbound , only 200 yard to go . then 100 . then fifty , then at the water 's edge , the electra rise and ... . ..drop out of sight below the land , as we smash CUT to ... angle . the electra have fallen to six feet above the surface of the Gulf . the engine throb at max , the propeller throwing spray . the overload plane ... ... rising . slowly , then faster , then ... ... soaring free . pull back to a view from down the runway . the electra in distance . rack focus to see something long and slender glinting on the ground . could it be a length of wire ? int . coast guard station , los angele - sunset 107 107 through the glass , the sun be disappear toward Amelia . pull back to George , stare at a cable in he hand . we hear ... balfour ( o.s. ) Mr. putnam . they headwind be stronger than they know when they take off . then ... balfour ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I recalculate they fuel . it will cost they 9 % . George stare off . assess the consequence . pull back to see a ensign stand , wait for instruction . balfour ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I can not raise they , sir . I try voice , and morse code ... W 120 . George look up . calmly . GEORGE ire back . tell he to forget the morse code . they do not bring the receiver . the young man look concerned . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) just tell he to stay with voice . he will get they . 108 a 108 ext . howland island - day erial angle . a tiny , flat , nearly invisible speck adrift in the endless Pacific . howland Island . pan to see just offshore ... GEORGE ( v.o. ) the U.S. Coast Guard cutter itasca have be anchore off howland just for we . close on the itasca now ... GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) its radio would be she lifeline . its black plume of smoke would reach for mile . more visible than the island itself . dissolve to night . the island visible only by its slender lighthouse . the ship illuminate in the darkness . close now on a path by the sea . a lone figure with a flashlight approach a shack . enter ... int . radio hut - night 109 109 ...a room fill with radio equipment . he be frank cipriani , in crisp naval uniform , relieving a seaman who have be on duty . as cipriani sit at he station , he notice ... cipriani the direction finder . how long have this be on ? the seaman turn back at the door . what ? ext . itasca 110 110 close on the ship , illuminate . push in ... 121. 111 111 int . radio room , itasca - night the room be 9 x 20 with bare wall . at the transmitter , leo bellart the chief radio man . short and square , a unflappable air of quiet expertise . with he , he assistant william dalten , lean and young with dark serious eye . at a typewriter sit thomas o'hare , barely twenty , headphone across he shock of rust - color hair , telegraph at the ready . S uperimpose : 2:45 a.m. dalten adjust the receiver which be suddenly spitting static . thread through the noise , what could be a human voice . bellart call to o'hare ... bellart that 's she on 3105 . she say `cloudy and overcast . ' o' Hare look at he . be you serious ? bellart mime type with he finger . o' Hare start type into the log . dissolve to ... superimpose : 3:45 a.m. Radio crackle . all eye turn . amelia ( o.s. ) itasca from earhart . overcast . static . dalten lean to the mic ... dalten ( into mic ) we be receive you signal . please acknowledge ours . what be you position ? when do you expect to arrive howland ? no answer . Light static . bellart Commander estimate 7:00 . if she 's have trouble on voice transmission , stay with morse . and begin to carefully pack he pipe . dalten begin to transmit morse code . dissolve to ... superimpose : 6:45 a.m . the radio . the static . the sudden voice ... k 122. amelia ( o.s. ) please take bear on we and report in half hour . I will make noise in microphone . we be about 100 mile out . the transmission cut out . dalten answer in morse code . no response . dalten she 's get to stay on longer . bellart dictating as o'hare type ... bellart earhart signal strength 4 , but on a ir so briefly bearing impossible . dissolve to ... superimpose : 7:18 a.m. dalten ( to bellart ) maybe she morse receiver be out . ( into mic ) can not take bear on 3105 . please send on 500 or do you want to take bear on we ? go ahead , please . silence . o' Hare type : no answer . superimpose : 7:30 a.m. dalten ( into mic ) please acknowledge we signal on ey . please acknowledge . crackle . o' Hare type : unanswered . bellart Tommy , intercom top deck , double check the smoke stack ... intercut : aerial angle high above the ship . black smoke plume into clear sky ... bellart ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) they should be able to see it for twenty mile , at least . tilt angle . in far distance , thirty to forty mile , a gray STORM . a 123. 112 112 int . radio room - morning a few other enter now . civilian , sailor , they hang back silently , watch as ... superimpose : 7:42 a.m. amelia ( o.s. ) khaqq call itasca . we must be on you but can not see you ... glance be trade . it be the first moment of visible concern . static interrupt . then ... amelia ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Gas be run low . be unable to reach you by radio . we be fly t altitude 1000 foot . dalten ( into mic ) you be reach we . we be send on 3105 and 500 constantly . please acknowledge . massive burst of static . dalten frantically clicking a message in morse code . dissolve to ... S uperimpose : 7:58 a.m . the room have nearly fill . commander thompson stand at bellart 's shoulder . all eye fix on the radio ... earhart ( o.s. ) we be circle but can not hear you . go ahead on 7500 . bellart ( into mic ) itasca to khaqq . you signal be strong . be you receive this ? a breathless moment . a sharp crackle . earhart ( o.s. ) khaqq call itasca . we receive you signal , but unable to get a minimum . please take bear on we and answer 3105 with voice . bellart ( into mic ) you signal receive okay . it be impractical to take a bear on 3105 on you voice . give we a longer signal , please . go ahead . silence . foot be shifting . no one speak . o o 124 . bellart ( softly to dalten ) keep we at 7500 , that 's she only acknowledgment . thompson you have get she signal , dammit . what about the direction finder ? bellart cipriani report the battery 's dead , sir . it be leave on all night . full beat . thompson ( low ) I do not believe this be happen . dissolve to : superimpose : 8:12 a.m. bellart ( into mic ) itasca to earhart . do you get transmission on 7500 ? go ahead on 500 so that we can take a bear on you , it 's impossible on 3105 . please acknowledge . dissolve to : superimpose : 8:33 a.m. no breath in this room . no one move . bellart ( into mic ) will you please come in and answer n 500 ? we be transmit constantly on 7500 and we do not hear you on 500 . please answer on 500 . go ahead . dissolve to : superimpose : 8:44 a.m. suddenly , a thin and anxious voice cut through a burst of static ... a melia ( o.s. ) we be on the line of position 157 - 337 , will repeat this message on 6210 kilocycle . wait , listen n 6210 kilocycle . we be run north and south . B F 125 . bellart ( into mic ) we hear you . we hear you . can you receive this ...? silence . silence . silence . commander ( softly ) Mr. bellart . when do she say she be low on fuel ? all eye shift to Tommy . he scan the log . stare . o'hare um . a hour . and two minute , sir . hold on this room . dissolve to ... aerial angle . the ship in clear daylight . the black plume of smoke stretch to heaven . slow dissolve to ... int . coast guard station , los angele - night 113 113 the tiny room we have come to know . it be fill with people who stand motionless , stare somberly at one man . in turn , he stare at a telephone ... which ring . Mary reach , but he hand go up and she pull back . he let it ring three time , four , gather himself . lift it ... GEORGE ( into phone ) yes . there be no other word . his eye tear up . he nod numbly at the phone . G eorge ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) look back , the question be obvious . why would anyone try to ind such a tiny target in a vast ocean , with barely a hour 's lee - way in fuel ? he draw a breath . GEORGE ( into phone ) well , we be most grateful . with such a effort , of course they will e find . I 126 . close on he now . as he listen , as he respond graciously , mos ... GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so I torture myself . why have not kill this plan on day one ? and then I realize ... dissolve slowly to ... ext . garden , los angele - later 114 114 alone . in a moonlit garden . GEORGE ( v.o. ) if I try to count the insane and reckless chance she take from the first moment I meet she . I would not know where to begin . slowly to he knee . by the plant they have tend together . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be the most tragic of ending . the most cruel and senseless and wasteful . and yet ... and yet . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it 's hard to imagine another . smash CUT to ... ext . brilliant sky , the pacific - day 115 115 Sun and cloud . the sea below . amelia ( v.o. ) my simpkin . we point toward the water . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I want to be marry to you . the way you have be marry to I . it begin to draw closer . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as you read this . I be watch you face . 127 . and closer . amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be hope to see . that you know how much I mean each word . gain speed now ... amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all the thing I never say , for so very long ... hurtling toward the surface ... amelia ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) look up . they be in my eye . smash CUT to black . hold . roll end credit .