February 14 , 2011 writer draft american horror Story write by Ryan Murphy & Brad falchuk direct by Ryan Murphy ryan murphy television all rights reserve . copyright '' 2011 twentieth century fox film corporation . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold , or distribute by any means or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without prior written consent of twentieth century fox film corporation . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . title up : San Francisco , 1978 . the word dissolve , and we hold on blackness . hear soft eerie wind chime . CUT to : ext . house -- afternoon push across a leaf-strewn lawn to find a girl , eight , with long braid , stare at a abandon victorian house that have fall into grave disrepair . shutter miss , paint peel ... a ingenue turn dowager by the march of time . suddenly , a rock whizze by the girl 's head and shatter a upper story window . she turn and we finally see she face . this be adelaide , and she have down syndrome . two boy , ten , bash a gate open with a baseball bat and strut into the yard . this be Troy and bryan ... the rutger twin . troy hey , retard . they head into the empty derelict house , on a mission . adelaide suddenly speak . adelaide Excuse I . they stop , turn . adelaide ( cont 'd ) you be go to die in there . they stare at she a beat , the moment be shocking . then Troy run to she , viciously push she to the ground . he regards she , spit on she , then head back into the house . int . house -- afternoon classical music play . flashlight beam illuminate stun victorian fixture as they be shattered by the bat . leaded stain glass , intricate molding ... the destruction be horrifying and complete , punctuate by the loud gunshot firecracker sound of SNAP and pop the boy throw everywhere . int . kitchen -- afternoon Troy bashes stunningly beautiful lead cabinet , shatter the glass . suddenly , with alarm from another room -- bryan Troy ! int . live room -- afternoon we be on Troy 's face as he slowly make he way across the empty room . all we hear be the sound of fly ... a faint buzzing , then a cacophony . he finally stop near where he brother be stand and kneel down . troy awesome . he be look at a dead gut possum ... someone , something , have feast here . the possum 's face be freeze and twisted in fear . angle : the boy crouching reflection in the gray flat dead eye of the animal . just then , a noise . faint childish laughter . adelaide ? the boy investigate . they walk down the hall , when suddenly a basement door at the other end slowly creak open . the boy freeze , then -- troy ( cont 'd ) ( afraid ) go. bryan you go , shithead . a dare . Troy move forward . his brother follow . int . basement -- continuous a murky soup , the flashlight cut a swath . the beam illuminate the odd stray cobweb , nothing much down here . the boy split up to investigate , Troy throw the odd snap and pop . until -- troy check it out . bryan approach and stare with wonder . the flashlight illuminate a wall of dusty specimen jar fill with yellow viscous fluid . within the fluid : monstrosity . severe deform hand , foot , a twisted jaw ... a horrifying tableau in the style of Joel Peter witkin . next to the jar : a neat line of surgical equipment . clamp , disemboweler , spreader ... all cake in rusty blood . a moment of awe from the boy . we see ( but they do not ) something move behind they . a flash of white . Troy pick up one of the jar , study , it . bryan do not . but Troy smashes it against a wall , it shatter . troy it stink down here . it stink like shit . ( beat ) last summer , when we have a raccoon stick in the chimney ? that 's what it smell like . let 's go find it . bryan no , it smell bad . I be go . bryan start off . Troy start investigate , throw the snap and pop . bryan be half way up the stair , when the snap and pop abruptly stop . bryan ( cont ’d ) Troy ? there be no sound . then , a faint childish laugh . bryan ( cont ’d ) ( freak ) who 's down here ! silence . he move down the creak step . until he flashlight beam find ... Troy ... eye wide with fear ... he throat rip out . terrify , bryan feel something behind he . he hear a noise : breathe . he slowly turn , he beam illuminate : a blonde two year old boy , wear a lindberg - era white christen gown with seed pearl long yellow . his mouth and face be smear with blood , he skin be wrinkle like a ancient man . the infantata smile , gurgle ... then attack . the lightlight fall to the ground . fade to black . a single word pop up : today int . doctor 's office -- day the SOUND of running water . come up on a tray of instrument . a stainless steel speculum , a large syringe with needle , cotton swab , cotton ball , rubber glove . the water stop and the hand of dr . day come into view . he towel they off , pull on the glove . dr . day be you period regular again ? he mess with the instrument as a woman speak . it 's vivien harmon . vivien pretty much . every other month . Dr. Day turn . reveal vivien , gown , on she back , she leg in stirrup . she 's pretty , forty , but she look thirty five . vivien ( cont 'd ) I be not complain . after all of that blood . Day insert he glove finger into vivien , beginning he exam . she take in a sharp breath . vivien ( cont 'd ) Ben hate blood . dr . day how be you two do ? sexual relation ? Day be clinical . he 's not look to get off here . vivien sometimes . he insert the speculum . she exhales . it hurt a little . dr . day you have trouble with arousal ? vivien a little . think maybe it be pre - menopause . he pull out the speculum , take off he glove . dr . day could be . any issue achieve climax ? vivien I do not know , it depend . when I be alone it 's fine . he nod . dr . day well , thing look great from a physical standpoint . be you anxious about have sex ? about something happen ? vivien you mean like get pregnant ? dr . day it would be a normal response . vivien well , I would like to go back on my birth control pill . he take out she file . write -- dr . day I want to wait a beat on that . they can cause irregularity in you hormone level and I think you be already have some issue in that department . you cycle , the sexual issue . vivien I do not have sexual issue . ( then ) maybe I be just depressed . Day take a beat , then keep write -- that 's not he field of expertise . dr . day I have recently have some success with woman you age use bioidentical hormone treatment . estrogen , progestin . vivien wait , so I be go through menopause ? dr . day I do not think so . this be more of a pre-emptive strike . you body be like a house , you can fix the tile in the bathroom and the kitchen but if the foundation be decaye , you be waste you time . vivien be there any side effect ? dr . day the bhrt 's be great for you skin , you organ . most of the woman I give this to tell I they make they feel ten year young . vivien I do not let my family use plastic bottle or hold they cell phone to they ear , now you want I to put something in my body and not tell I side effect ? do not they make that thing with horse pee ? dr . day feel and look ten year young . vivien the arousal issue be mine , not ben' . I be just reconnect with my body after what happen , I do not want to give it away again . dr . day you be worried about lose control , I be offer you something to help you get it back . vivien I be not a house . dr . day vivien , what be you so afraid of ? off vivien , unsure of the answer -- int . back BAY brownstone -- day vivien come home with groceries . go into the kitchen . start unload . along with the food be a little pharmacy bag . she pull out the hormone pill and creams , look at they , think , then hear a noise from upstairs . a piece of furniture be move ? her eye go wide . then , the sound again , longer , louder . she 's terrified , dial the phone . 911 . operator 911 operator , what be you emergency ? vivien ( whisper ) there 's someone in my house . operator be you sure it 's not a member of you family ? vivien no . my daughter be at school and my husband be at work . I think someone be robbing we . someone rob the brownstone next door two week ago . what do I do ? operator we be send a patrol car . she hear a thunk -- like a body hit the floor . she hang up . thinks . grab a knife and start upstairs . int . second floor -- continuous angle : on the gleam knife at she side . more sound . vivien slowly make she way to the door , take a deep breath and creak it open . on she face , the blood rush out of it . girl 's voice ( 0.s. ) oh shit . vivien back out into the hallway , almost go over the railing . she 's go to throw up . before she can , she husband , BEN come out , naked . he 's 42 , fit , handsome as she be pretty . BEN vivien .... he go to hug she . she instinctively slashes at he with the knife . it scrape he arm . both of they look at the small , yet real wound , shocked . she drop the knife . he take she in he arm and keep repeat with hysteria ... BEN ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I be sorry I be sorry ... she let he hold she for a beat , then break away in tear and run down the stair . off a naked , bleed Ben we smash to black . int . car -- day drive over the golden gate bridge , six month later . hard sunlight through the window . Ben 's drive . vivien in the passenger seat , stare out the window . they fifteen year old goth daughter violet in the back with six month old dog , hallie . BEN be not it beautiful ? vivien the light be different from Boston . feel like I can see more . I think it be suppose to be all foggy . violet I need to go to the bathroom . BEN it 's just a little while longer . violet I need to go . BEN where would you like I to pull over , sweetie -- the Bay or the Pacific ? violet ( be : the dog ) Bet if baby substitute have to shit you would find somewhere . vivien I do not like that word , violet . a beat , then violet look out the window . thoughtfully -- violet thirteen hundred people have jump off of this thing -- at least that 's what they think . they do not see they all and they stop count right before a thousand . I look it up . twenty six of they survive . you know what all of they say be they first think after they step off ? ( then , mischievous ) oh shit . her mother 's discomfort make violet grin . violet ( cont 'd ) kind of how I feel about this move . ( then ) I be not go to like the school . San Francisco be fill with hippie and freak and drug addict . BEN I be glad we name you violet instead of we second choice . violet which be ? BEN Sunshine . they all kind of crack up . a fleeting moment of family togetherness . Ben share a smile with he wife , then reach out he hand to hold hers , but she pull it away . ext . old victorian house -- day they pull into the driveway . everyone take a good look -- it 's look better than it do the last time we see it . New paint , shutter , gutter . there 's a for sale sign on the lawn . all three of they take it in as they come to a stop . BEN this be it . vivien be unsure . violet be intrigue . marcy , the relator greet they from the front porch with a wave . int . house -- day marcy show they around . the foyer be epic , beautiful , soar ceiling and a grand staircase . House porn . marcy it 's the finest Queen Anne on the market . venetian chandelier , original molding . the stain glass be some of the only of it 's kind that survive the great quake . as you can see the previous owner really love the place like a child . they restore everything . vivien Gay ? 10 . marcy sweetheart , it 's San Francisco , they be all gay . Light laughter . except from violet , who roll she eye . Ben see this and fight a laugh . they head into the kitchen . int . kitchen it 's beautiful . look original except with all of the modern bell and whistle . marcy do you cook ? BEN viv be a great cook . I get she cooking lesson a few year ago for she birthday and she end up teach the teacher a few thing . marcy cook lesson . romantic . you be a psychiatrist ? BEN psychologist . you say something on the phone about there be a study upstairs that I could use as a home office ? I be plan on see patient here so I can spend more time with the family . marcy how refresh . vivien shake she head . int . hallway -- day -- continuous hallie sniff around , pees in a corner , then sense something . explore , then -- start barking like crazy . int . kitchen violet be stare out the window at the backyard . vivien violet , will you go see what 's go on with hallie ? violet storm out . teenager . 11. int . hallway violet find hallie , bark madly at the basement door . violet shut up ! she will not . violet look at the door . it 's bolt shut . Old school bolt . two heavy bolt and two huge padlock . someone do not want to let anyone in -- or maybe out . violet wiggle the doorknob , try to pry it open . int . basement -- day from the bottom of the step . Pov of something watch the door move , the knob jiggle . we hear it 's raspy breathe . int . hallway violet try the door a few more time , then yank on the lock . no luck . she stare at the door , oddly draw to it . int . library -- day marcy show vivien and Ben the beautiful gothic library . marcy this be my favorite room in the house . BEN ( to vivien , try ) when I see the picture of this room online I think maybe you could use it as you music room . marcy you be a musician ? vivien I be . BEN she 's a cellist . she play in the Boston philharmonic . she head over to the wall . something be not right . marcy why do you quit ? there 's a answer , but we be not go to get it . 12 . vivien this wallpaper be come off . she go to the wall , grab a tiny peeling piece of seagrass wallpaper and gently pull it off . it open a small window to the original wall , no bigger than a couple of postage stamp . vivien ( cont 'd ) I think there 's a mural under here . marcy the last owner must have cover it up . they be modernist . ( then , with difficulty ) speak of the last owner , full disclosure require I to tell you about what happen to they . vivien oh God , one of they do not die in here , do they ? marcy yes , actually . both of they . ( off they shock ) murder suicide . I sell they the house , too . just the sweetest couple . you never know I guess . BEN so that 's why it 's half the price of every other house in the neighborhood . marcy I have a very nice paint lady not too far from here but you be go to get a third of the house for twice the price if you go that way . vivien and Ben be not sure . violet come in carry hallie . violet where do it happen ? marcy the basement . another beat . violet grin . violet we will take it . off Ben and vivien -- 13 . ext . house - evening as mover finish bring the last box in , marcy pull the in escrow sign off of the for sale sign and replace it with one that say sold . int . house -- master bedroom -- night Ben come out the bathroom in he pajamas , happy . vivien be still unpack , there be box everywhere . he come in behind she , kiss she , she gently move away . BEN come to bed , we will finish this in the morning . vivien I be worried about violet . she 's right about kid be different out here . she can not handle another year of not fitting in . BEN you mean you can not . ( then ) I treat kid like violet every day . in three month she will have lose all of the dark eye make up and combat boot and be walk around in birkenstock with unshaven pit smell like patchouli . she laugh . he take she in he arm . vivien it do not freak you out at all ? what happen here ? BEN my repulsion be tempere by the fact that this house be worth four time what we pay for it . vivien but it 's not like some old lady die in here . a murder-suicide . give I the creep just think about it . BEN so do not think about it . 14. vivien that 's you professional advice , doctor ? BEN no place be perfect . no place and no person . ( then ) all I know be that for the first time in month I feel at home somewhere . move here , buy this house be the right thing to do for we family . it 's a good thing and frankly , we deserve some good after all the shit we have be through . ( then , realize ) sorry . she nod , not sure , but desperate to trust he . he kiss she . another fleeting moment , this one of marital bliss , but she can not sustain it . she pull away , leave he to go do more unpack . ext . school courtyard -- day violet walk through the common , smoking . she survey the scene -- a few kid relive they grandparent 's Haight ashbury fashion mistake but most be unmemorable . Upper middle class high school in a upscale urban neighborhood . she pass three pretty girl -- senior dress like they be twenty - five -- talk up some boy -- leah , becca and ABBY . overhear they conversation -- leah so I let he . becca do coke off of you nipple ? leah they be numb for like two day . they all crack up . violet try to disappear into she sweater as she pass , but -- leah ( cont 'd ) hey ! Student council pass a rule against smoking in public space . the girl step in front of she . becca second hand smoke kill . 15 . violet put the cigarette out . violet I do not know . I be new . violet nervously flick she butt into a planter . leah flip . leah what the hell be the matter with you ? people sit here . they eat here . violet you do not know I . why be you do this ? becca leah 's grandma die of lung cancer . she take this stuff pretty seriously . leah hold the butt out to violet . leah eat it . ( off violet 's shock ) eat it . or I be go to kick the shit out of you . ABBY come on , leah , it 's enough . leah no , I want to see she eat it . she grab violet 's face . becca seriously , leah , she 's like twelve . leah start try to shove the cigarette into violet 's mouth , but violet resist , then instinctively spit in leah 's face . that stun everyone . Abby and becca can not help but laugh . a beat , then violet take off run . leah ( call after she ) you be dead ! dead ! 16 . int . house -- music room -- day vivien drop the needle on a old record player . classical cello play as she set out she instrument -- a large bowl of water , scraping tool , small knife . slowly and carefully , she start remove the old wallpaper . as she do , the goya - esque mural begin to reveal itself . she can not quite make out the first image -- until she pull off one more sliver or paper to see -- a woman , she face bent in pain , she body twisted and torture . vivien stare at the image , transfix and disturb when suddenly a hand touch she shoulder . she jump out of she skin , turn , see adelaide , the child with down syndrome we see earlier , now a woman in she forty . adelaide you be go to die in here . constance ( 0.s. ) adelaide ! constance , adelaide 's mother enter from the kitchen carry a BOX . constance be a chain smoker , and she sound like it . constance ( cont ’d ) adelaide . I put that '' dora the explorer '' on for you so you would sit and watch it . adelaide it be '' go Diego go . '' I do not like it . constance Brown cartoon character -- you can not tell the difference . vivien do not know what to make of this . finally -- constance ( cont ’d ) hi. hi. I be constance you neighbor -- the tear down next door . this be my girl adelaide . go home addy . now ! adelaide storm out . constance ( cont ’d ) that girl be a monster . I love she and I be a good Christian but Jesus a . ( more ) 17 . constance ( cont ’d ) Christ , if they have invent some of that test a few year earlier ... vivien how do you get in my house ? constance you leave you back door open , though I have to warn you addy seem to always find a way in . she 's get a bug up she ass for this place , always have . you get a dog ? vivien yes . be that a problem ? constance better for I . I run a little kennel out of my house . doggy day care kind of thing . do not bother call the cop on I -- I be in with one of the city manager and he always look the other way . vivien look , it 's very nice to meet you but I be not really prepare for company . constance I be go . bring this for you , housewarm . addy want to cook you a pie but she tend to spit in the cooking so I figure this be better -- should help you get rid of some of the bad ju-ju . she hand vivien the box . constance ( cont ’d ) that homosexual boy be nice enough and I say live and let live , but I can not help but think that that lifestyle drive they to do what they do . ( then ) I can not remember you name . vivien I do not tell you . I be vivien harmon . 18 . constance anyway , enjoy , relax , let I know if you need help with you pup . glad you be get rid of that wallpaper . think that people be suppose to be stylish . she exit . vivien can not help but laugh a little at they oddity . she shake she head , open the box to see a tightly wound bunch of sage . a beat , then -- through the window she see constance walk back to she house . constance ( cont ’d ) ( call back ) it 's Sage . for cleanse the spirit in the house . too many bad memory in there . int . house -- sage montage -- night vivien move through the house , the burn sage bundle in she hand . she 's not sure if she busy this whole cleanse the spirit thing , but she 's commit . she move into a upstair hallway -- she have not spend much time in this part of the house yet . it 's barely decorate and there be even a few empty box stack at the dead end . suddenly , the flame in the sage bundle be blown out . odd . she look up for the source and discover a draft come from a trap door in the ceiling . the attic . she put down the sage , pull over a chair . stand on it , she pull the drawstring . int . the attic -- looking down on vivien the door open and stair extend into the hallway . common in this old house . she climb in . darkness , silence . her eye adjust . miraculously , she find a light cord , pull it . the single bulb turn on and she 's stand face to face with a black rubber man . int . bedroom -- night Ben be on the bed , read when he hear he wife scream . int . attic Ben rush up the stair , find vivien sit on some stack of old newspaper . 19 . BEN what happen ? be you okay ? she point to the rubber man -- he 's actually just a large rubber suit -- know as a rubber asphyxiation suit hang from a hook . the suit be black , cover the entire body and have a mask with two small eye hole and two tiny breathe straw that can be pinch to temporarily suffocate the wearer . BEN ( cont 'd ) guess that guy be into the kinky stuff . ( then ) should I try it on ? vivien stop it . it 's not funny . but they laugh . a beat , then violet peek she head in . violet what happen ? ( see the suit ) Holy shit . vivien get it out of here . ext . house -- night Ben toss the suit in the garbage . int . BEN 's home office -- day tight on various item as we hear a therapy session . Ben 's diploma from Yale ; psychiatric book he have write . BEN 's voice this fantasy start , two year ago , three year ago ...? male voice two year . we see Ben , very calm and professional in he shrink chair . BEN be there a structure to the thought ... a pattern ... male voice it 's always the same , it start the same way . 20 . BEN how ? male voice I prepare for the noble war . we reveal tate langdon ...17 , handsome , charismatic as hell ... he could be a cult leader or a movie star . tate I get a taste for the bloodlett ... and I pack up my weapon of mass destruction . intercut with : int . violet 's bedroom -- simultaneous violet neatly unpack razor blade , raise one , examine it . int . office -- simultaneous BEN gun ? tate obviously . BEN and then ? int . highschool hallway -- day tate walk through a crowded hallway , smile sweetly , wear a trenchcoat and hold a duffel bag . tate 's voice I be walk through the hall , I be calm , I have the secret , I know what 's come and I know no one can stop I , include myself . BEN 's voice do you target people who have be mean to you ? unkind ? tate 's voice no . I kill people I like . in the hall , a sweet innocent 16 - year-old girl smile at he . he smile back . BEN 's voice do you feel sympathy ? 21 . tate 's voice no. I be help they . int . classroom -- day typical algebra tedium . until tate enter . teacher can I help you ? tate no . he raise he gun , shoot the teacher . she instantly go down . tate look at the shocked student , who be paralyze . he start roam the aisle and just shoot . int . office -- day tate some of they beg for they life , but I do not feel sad , I do not feel anything . its a filthy world we live in , a filthy goddamn helpless world , and honestly ? I feel I be take they away from all the shit and piss and vomit that run in the street , you know ? I be help to take they somewhere clean and silent and kind . int . classroom -- day the entire classroom have be massacre , the wall be blood smear . the sweet girl from the hallway have be badly wounded , but she 's not dead . he stop in front of she , aim the gun . she raise she shaking hand , we see he through a gape bullet hole . innocent girl please ... he shoot she dead . int . office -- day tate there 's something about the blood , man . all that blood . I drow in it . int . school -- day tate be bound down the stairwell , to escape . he hear something , stop turn . 22 . a torrent of blood , a wall of it , race down the stairwell at he . he spread he arm , to welcome it . it envelope he , he be obliterate . int . office -- day Ben show no emotion , write sociopath on he tablet . tate the Indians believe that blood hold all the bad spirit , they would cut themselves once a month in ceremony , let the spirit go free . there 's something smart about that . very smart . I like that . int . violet 's bedroom -- simultaneous violet cut herself with the razor blade . she stare at the crimson gash on she arm with no emotion . int . office -- day tate you think I be crazy ? BEN no . I think you be creative , and I think you have a lot of pain you be not deal with . tate my mother 's worried about I . BEN yes . tate she 's a cocksucker . I mean , literally , she 's a cocksucker . she suck the guy off next door all the time , my dad find out , he leave . he leave I alone with a cocksucker , can you imagine ? how sick be that ? tate for the first time show vulnerability . tate ( cont 'd ) I be not crazy , dude . do not you think it 's interesting ? the idea of let the bad blood out ? the world a filthy place . a goddamn horror show . so much pain . so much . 23 . int . violet 's room -- day violet make another cut . male voice you be do it wrong . she whirl around , revealing -- tate if you be try to kill yourself , cut vertically . they can not stitch that up . violet ( freak ) how have you get in here ? tate if you be try to kill yourself you might also try lock the door . he leave . she stare . int . master bedroom -- night Middle of the night . so quiet you can hear the buzz of the digital clock . Ben and vivien in bed . suddenly , from above we see BEN 's eye spring OPEN . there 's no life behind they though . he get up , sleepwalking . int . house -- stairwell -- night Ben , naked , walk down the stair . the house creak , groans . int . house -- library -- day in the shadow we can make out some more of the mural . it 's a hellscape . quick cut as Ben kneel down , turn on the gas in the fireplace , light a roll of newspaper , toss it on the log , igniting a huge FIRE . he stand , watch the fire . the room and he naked form glow . as if he be reach for a long lose love he reach out to the fire , closer . then -- vivien ( 0.s. ) Ben ! Ben pull he hand back , turn to see he wife . he 's still not with it . 24 . vivien ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? you be naked . come back to bed . BEN be I in a dream ? vivien soften , go to he , start lead he back . vivien no , you be sleepwalk . she lead he out , turn to look at the fire as she do and catch a glimpse of the mural as we ... end act one 25 . act two ext . backyard -- day vivien hang bedsheet up on clothes line , drying they . it 's peaceful , golden light , a easy breeze . a tall woman , in she sixty come around into the backyard . vivien can I help you ? moira I be moira o'hara , I be the housekeeper . vivien I do not know the place come with one . moira why be you hang you sheet ? perfectly good electric dryer inside . vivien I do not like the chemical in fabric softener and the organic one do not work . this be the only way to dry they without static cling . moira 's impressed . moira I work Monday through Thursday . four hundred a week . if you have a dinner party and you want I to serve or straighten up , it 's extra . Thanksgiving on , Christmas off . that be the deal with the last fellow . vivien I be sorry , I be just not sure if we need a may . moira what have you be use to clean the floorboard ? vivien Murphy 's oil soap . 26 . moira no. White vinegar . oil soap kill the wood . have you ever own a house this old ? vivien no . moira it have a personality , feeling . mistreat it and you will regret it . trust I , madam , you need I . ( then ) May I come in ? my cab 's leave and I have like to call another . off vivien -- int . kitchen vivien bring moira some tea . vivien you work for the previous owner ? moira and the one before that . I have be the housekeeper here for year . they come , they go , I stay . my husband have be ill for some time so I be the breadwinner . ( then ) they be both nice boy , the one before you . I find the body . vivien what happen ? I mean , I hate to gossip . moira I do not know . they fight a lot . money I think . who can know when something so horrible happen ? sometimes people just go mad . ( then , hushed ) I clean the mess . you have never know . Ben enter . vivien Ben , this be moira o’hara , she 's the last owner 's housekeeper . ( more ) 27 . vivien ( cont 'd ) well , actually she 's be work here for year . moira turn to greet Ben . Ben 's Pov -- she 's a stunning twenty -five -year old . tiny waist , succulent breast . BEN Nice to meet you , moira . they shake . moira smile , so hot . her eye cry sex . there 's the sound she exit . of a car horn . moira that 's my cab . I '’11 use the lavatory first if you do not mind . vivien what do you think ? BEN wait , you want to hire she ? vivien she 's a bit of character but she 's also the first person I have meet since we move here that I actually like . BEN ( a beat , confuse ) how long have she be work here ? vivien I do not know exactly . the point be that she know the house , she seem honest and I could use the help . Ben be baffle . she smile as moira come back in . vivien talk to she so moira be old again . vivien ( cont 'd ) can you start tomorrow ? moira Thursday 's better but I ’1l1 make it work . she nod to both of they -- they both see different moira 's -- and leave . 28 . vivien ( notice something ) what ? Ben take she in he arm . BEN nothing . you just always surprise I . she like that . he kiss she . thing get passionate . she so want to give in , but can not . she pull away . BEN ( cont 'd ) you know , you be go to have to forgive I one day . he 's hurt , exit . she shake she head , disappointed in herself . how long do she have to hold on to this ? int . bathroom -- later vivien dig through the vanity , find the old prescription bag . tear it open , remove the hormone replacement meds Dr. Day give she . she fill a cup with water , swallows a pill . ext . basement -- day tight on bolt - cutter slice through the lock . int . basement -- day Ben and violet enter to investigate . there 's really nothing here now but dust and a odd piece of unlove furniture . violet crap . BEN what ? violet this be where that dude kill themselves , right ? I think maybe we would find a body or something . Ben look at she , laugh . so do she . a beat , he put he arm around she shoulder . brightly -- BEN okay ! I have really enjoy this father daughter bond time . he leave . violet take a beat , then follow . 29 . int . library -- late afternoon vivien carefully work the wallpaper off the wall . the mural be become more clear . a woman be drag into hell by a grinning demon . a beautiful maiden be splay out on a bed with a monster sit on she chest . she try not to take the image in , she have a job to do . the rubber man appear in the doorway behind she . someone have put on the suit . he slowly move towards she . Pov -- from within the mask . his breathing . he 's almost upon she . she 's oblivious -- Jesus fuck Christ , turn around ! finally , she do -- vivien violet ! can you take hallie out ? he 's go . nothing . she sense something odd , but then brushes it off , go back to she work . int . BEN 's home office -- day tate be in session , violet spy through a partially crack door . BEN 's voice be you take the medication ? tate yes . he be aware of violet , turn and look at she . she take in a little gasp , he 's so handsome . BEN 's voice thought of suicide ? tate not lately . I meet somebody . off tate and violet , eye-locked -- int . violet 's room -- later Post session . Music by the smith play . tate and violet sit on the floor , they sleeve roll up . he 's show she he cut scar . tate this one I do when my dad first leave . I be ten I think . ( point to another ) ( more ) 30 . tate ( cont 'd ) this one a year later . New school . get beat up . violet show he she most recent cut . violet last week , first day at my new school which suck . tate Westfield ? violet yep . tate the worst . I get throw out of there . violet I hate it here . I hate everyone . all they bougie designer bullshit , the east coast be much cooler . at least we have weather . tate I love it when the leave change . violet I too . they stare at each other , wildly attract . tate why have you move here ? violet my dad have a affair . my mom literally catch he in the act . int . boston house -- day -- flashback vivien climb the stair . she push the door open with the knife , we see what be withheld from we . her Pov : Ben fuck a blonde girl in she earlier 20 . Ben look at she , we see the pain in he face . the regret and self - loathing . int . violet 's room -- day tate that 's horrible . if you love someone you should never cheat on they , or leave they . never . violet right ? I know . and the worst part be that six month earlier my mom have , like , this brutal miscarriage . the baby be seven month old , we have to have this macabre funeral . tate I be sorry . he take she hand . she 's throw at be touch . violet why be you see my dad ? tate do not ask question you already know the answer to . you be smarter than that . she nod , it 's true . she look down at she hand in he , feel self - conscious . the song end on she ipod player . violet you like craven ? it 's a new band . tate I have never hear of they . she get up to play they . violet they be really cool , they be from Oregon , the lead singer be dyslexic and a vegan ... she turn . tate have leave the room . int . kitchen -- day vivien come in , be shocked by moira 's old lady ass . she 's on she hand and knee , scrubbing the floor . vivien um ... moira , you do not need to do that . moira this old floor be finicky . you have to treat they right . the spider vein be show through moira 's panty hoe . vivien try not to look . 32 . vivien ok , well , Ben 's in the shower . while I be go will you finish unpack the guest room and make up the bed ? moira expecting company ? vivien no , just want to finish settling in . she exit . moira stare after she , smile tightly . int . hallway -- day Ben , wear a robe and towel drying he hair -- BEN vivien ? I can not find my razor blade . no answer . where have she go ? he see the door to the guest bedroom OPEN -- someone be in there . he approach , creak open the door . in the bedroom -- Young , beautiful moira be on the bed , masturbating . it look like she 's climax a few time already and be on she way to another . Ben watch . breathless . she open she eye , see Ben and get even more turned on . beckon he . he almost go to she . desperate not just for sex but for some kind of affection . then , he step back , close the door on the temptation . smash CUT to : int . master bedroom -- moment later Ben come in , lock the door , open he robe and start masturbate himself . he 's out of control . he finish quickly , catch he breath . after a beat , a tear fall down he face . Ben sit on the bed . thing be start to fall apart again . before he can ruminate , he look out the window . there , amongst the flowing , drying sheet be a old man , he face cover in hideous burn scar . he 's look right at Ben . Ben jump up , head out -- 33. ext . house -- backyard -- day Ben run out , search for the man through the sheet , but he 's go . it 's like he be never there . int . house -- kitchen -- day ( later ) the kitchen , gleam , spotless . vivien enter with a bag of grocery , take a second to appreciate she order home . she set the bag on a counter , take out a jug of orange juice . there be the sudden firecracker sound of SNAP and pop . vivien jump out she skin , turn and scream . zoom wide : every cabinet door and drawer have be opened . reveal adelaide , giggle maniacally at the screen door . as she cover she mouth , amused by the horror we ... end act two 34 . act three int . kitchen -- day adelaide sit quietly with she mother , look intensely at hallie , who be eat she dinner in a corner . vivien and Ben sit across from they . vivien lean in , intense . vivien I want you to stay out of my house , do you understand ? constance can I smoke in here ? vivien no. ( then ) adelaide , answer I please . adelaide suddenly look up at they , like a innocent child . adelaide can I pet you dog ? vivien no . I want you to stop come into my house and open thing and tell I I be go to die . BEN she say that ? constance she say that to everybody . addie , say you be sorry . adelaide no . I do not do anything wrong . they do it . vivien who ? adelaide the mischief twin . constance take a beat , this land . she quickly cover by twirling she finger around she ear , the universal symbol for crazy . adelaide ( cont 'd ) can I pet you dog ? 35 . vivien snap . she take adelaide 's face in she hand and focus she . vivien adelaide , listen to I . I want you to stop come in my house without permission , be I clear ? BEN ( she 's go too far ) vivien . vivien be I clear ? adelaide ( quiet ) yes . vivien thank you . she release she . adelaide go to the door to leave , but then suddenly race over to pet the dog . hallie , eat and territorial , bite she . BEN hallie ! vivien ( frantic ) be you okay ? adelaide stand there for a beat , she face darken . adelaide she should not have do that . she exit . constance quietly get up , head for the door . constance sorry about all this . ( then , to vivien , matter of factly ) touch my kid again , I nil break you goddamn arm . she leave . int . house -- office -- day Ben , in he chair . into he tape recorder , about tate -- 36 . BEN patient show numerous sign of sociopathic behavior -- grandiose sense of self , lack of remorse . High intelligence make it difficult to determine if symptom be actual or create as a front for deeper psychosis ... Young , sexy moira come in with she bucket . moira May I clean in here ? Ben shift , uncomfortable -- BEN it 's not a good time , moira . moira it 's Thursday and I be off in twenty minute . if I do not do it now , it 's not get do until Monday . she enter , start clean . a beat , then Ben grab he thing , start out . moira ( cont 'd ) ( wanna fuck ? ) be I distracting you ? BEN this dictation be confidential . she move to he , predatory . moira why do not you touch I a little ? BEN get out . moira what be you afraid of ? I will not tell . I do not tell when you see I play with myself the other day . do you touch yourself after you see I ? ( read he face ) you do . do it again , show I . she 's right up against he . he 's tempt . it 's be so long . he look up -- see violet at the door . fuck. 37 . from violet 's Pov -- old moira be come on to she dad . she flee . Ben push past a grin moira . int . house -- hallway -- moment later Ben grab violet , spin she around . violet you be so sick ! will you just stick you dick in anything ? BEN hey ! do not talk to I like that ! nothing happen in there . she be come on to I -- I be rejecting she . violet so fire she . get she out of the house . she creep I out anyway . BEN I can not do that . ( off she confusion ) I will have to tell you mother why I be let she go . after all that 's happen she 's not go to believe I be totally innocent . violet ( confuse ) with she ? yes she will . BEN you mom and I be walk a tightrope right now -- but we be make progress . I do not want to do anything to screw it up . he 's so emotional . violet get it . still -- violet I do not want that bitch clean my room anymore . ext . school -- courtyard -- day violet , smoking , mind she business when she 's shove from behind . she stumble , drop she cigarette . turn to see leah and she bitch friend . leah I tell you not to smoke out here . 38 . violet stand tall , no fear . violet what be you problem , bitch ? leah she just call I a bitch ? ABBY sounded like bitch . violet seriously . mommy drink too much ? daddy love you brother more ? you uncle play with you titty when you be a kid ? I be not scared of you . leah you should be . staredown . then violet see it : a twitch in leah 's face -- violet might not be scared , but leah be . violet charge she , grab leah around the waist linebacker style and drive she into the concrete . other student notice , form a circle . student fight , fight , fight ! violet get two punch in before Abby and becca attack . Three on one -- not very good odd for violet . she get the shit beat out of she , but she still put up a pretty good fight . leah get she down , punch through violet 's raise hand . violet reach out , grab she still lit cigarette from the ground and push it into leah 's arm . leah scream , jump off . violet scurries to she foot . leah she freaking burn I ! kid disperse , there be teacher come . violet see they . take off . int . house -- live room -- night vivien work on she wall . she 's make progress , more image be be reveal -- all of they depict some form of pain , some of they with a strangely sexual component . pull back to reveal Ben , stand behind she , look . BEN my professional opinion be that whoever paint that wall have some deep psychological issue . 39 . she turn , surprised to see he . vivien I think you have a patient . BEN they bail . you want some help ? she motion to she tool . he grab one . start work . they steal look at each other . BEN ( cont 'd ) this thing do not freak you out ? vivien it 's weird -- I know it should but for some reason I find it kind of comforting . BEN one of my psych professor tell I that people tell storey to cope with they fear . all art and myth be just creation to give we some sense of control over the thing we be scared of . afraid of die ? create reincarnation . afraid of evil ? create a benevolent God who send evil doer to Hell . I have treat soldier with ptsd by have they draw picture of what happen over there . vivien I think I just like that I do not have to think while I do it . he stare at she , smile . she do not understand . BEN I always think you be the prettiest like this -- no make up , hair in a messy braid . vivien I be old . he put down he scraper , move in close -- BEN violet will not be home for a hour . vivien no , Ben . okay ? no. 40 . she pull away . a beat , then he sweep all of she tool and water off the table . he 's in a rage . BEN how long , vivien ? how long be you go to punish I ? vivien I be not punish you , you narcissistic asshole -- I be have trouble forgive you for sleep with one of you goddamn patient ! you want I to have sex with you ? when I can not even look at you face without see the look on it when you be pile drive she in we bed ? BEN I screw up ! I be sorry ! I be hurt too ! vivien I be sorry , do the life you be grow die inside of you belly and do you have to carry that corpse inside of you ? do you have to go into labor ? give birth to you dead baby ? BEN my baby die , too ! he be my son , too ! vivien and you bury you sorrow in some twenty - year - old 's pussy . BEN I can show you statistic on how many man cheat after a miscarriage . I be there for you . I be patient and understanding and caring and I put you feeling first . vivien my hero . BEN ( so frustrated ) I do not know how to say this without come off like a asshole . vivien never stop you before . ( then ) you be angry at I -- fine , yell at I . six month in therapy of you cry and apologize be all bullshit . give I the real story now . a beat , and then it come out -- BEN you get a dog ! I need you and you get a dog ! it be I you should have be curling up with at night ! I need you . I be suffer and you be not there . vivien now it all make sense . she be revenge . BEN we have not have sex in almost a year . vivien you be keep track ? BEN October 20th . and we have great sex , viv . it be loving and sexy and personal and even a little ... weird . she laugh lightly through she tear . BEN ( cont 'd ) I love you . I move across the country for you because in all my life the only thing I have be truly scared of be lose you . lose this family . ( then ) something horrible happen to we . more horrible than anything on this wall and then we handle it even more horribly . but this place be we second chance . it 's not suppose to happen overnight but it 's like this wallpaper , a little bit at a time . I just need to know that you want it , too . 42 . she look up at he , she eye wet . she can not move . want to run to he but she 's paralyze by the fear of be vulnerable to he again . he make he move , kiss she . she 's overwhelm . his touch , finally let herself feel it after so long . both of they cry as they fall to the floor . kiss . clothes come off . buckle and zipper fumble with . there , on the floor , they make love again . as they both reach climax , we CUT to : int . library -- later on the floor , post coitus . him behind she . she 's look up at the wall . vivien thanks . ( off he look , smile ) not for the sex , idiot . BEN ( kissing she neck ) for what , then ? vivien give up you practice , move we out here , find this house . BEN I want you to feel choose . she pull he close . vivien I always want a house like this grow up . you have be to my parent house out on the Island . Post war prefab hell . the whole place rattle when you walk down the hall . I use to dream about old place like this . a place with a soul . BEN what do you want to do about this wall ? vivien I know it 's disturbing ... like , deeply disturbing . ( more ) 43 . vivien ( cont 'd ) but I do not know ... something about it inspire I . BEN to pillage a small hamlet ? vivien to make art again ... to play again . that get he attention . forget the sex , she play music again would be a true breakthrough . BEN you cello be up in the attic . you want I to get it down for you ? vivien relax , cowboy . if I want it , I 'il get it down myself . they share a smile , kiss . BEN I really think we be go to be happy here . vivien I too . int . kitchen -- night ( later ) vivien straighten up , hopeful for the first time in a long time . violet try to sneak by unseen , fail . vivien what happen to you face ? violet I fall down . vivien stop she , take a good look . she 's a mess . vivien ( kind ) sit down . violet I be fine . vivien if you do not clean that up properly they 's 1ll get infect . 44 , Fine . vivien grab a first aid kit , run hot water on some hand towel , sit . tends to violet . vivien ( cont 'd ) be it a girl or a boy ? violet Girls . Three of they . vivien hope they look worse . you know they name ? violet I be not narce . vivien just keep at the cut and scrape . a quiet beat . just a mother take care of she daughter 's boo-boos . vivien you want dad and I to look into switch school ? there be some good private school in the area . violet I be not run away -- I be not scared of they . vivien you be not scared of anything . when you be in kindergarten you have I come pick you up from a sleepover party because the other girl insisted on keep a night light on . violet almost smile . vivien ( cont 'd ) you get the short end of the stick with this one , kiddo . the move . dad and I have be pretty hard to live with for a while now . violet I just do not get why you guy will not get divorced if you be so miserable . vivien we still love each other . 45 . violet really ? could have fool I . I think you hate each other -- well , at least you hate he . I do not blame you . he be a shithead . ( realize ) sorry . vivien it 's all right -- he be a shithead . share smile . vivien finish up . violet start out , turn . violet what be you scared of ? you say I be not scared of anything . but what scare you ? vivien everything . ( then ) that 's why we be not get a divorce . you be dad 's the only one who keep I from feel afraid all the time . violet get it , exit . off vivien -- int . violet 's room -- day ( later ) violet be pace , in a teenage rage . tate quietly watch as she spew . violet I hate she . I want to kill she . tate then do it . one less highschool bitch in the world make the life of the less fortunate more tolerable be , in my opinion , a public service . violet pause , then laugh . he break she mood . she light up a joint , inhale , hand it to he . tate ( cont 'd ) no thanks . I like to stay pure . violet why ? 46 . tate I want to feel what I be feel . a moment of connection , then -- tate ( cont 'd ) look , you want she to leave you alone ? stop make you life a live hell ? short of kill she , there 's only one solution : scare she . make she afraid of you , that 's the only thing bully react to . violet how ? tate it 's simple . you simply walk up to she and say -- ext . highschool -- day leah be whirle around by a calm violet . violet here 's the deal . I need you to stop harass I . I have get what you want . drug . come to my house tomorrow , get you free sample . I be a dealer , and a good one . I have get the best shit in town . violet smile darkly , leave . leah be intrigue . int . violet 's room -- day violet she 's a cokehead . I do not have coke . tate you will not need it . that 's just a excuse to get she here . she 'il leave empty hand and terrify and I promise you , you 's 1ll never be bother by she again . violet how be I gonna terrify she ? tate that 's where I come in . he smile sexily . she laugh . it 's a plan . 47 . int . house -- kitchen -- night quiet . the clock on the wall tick from twelve - ten to twelve - eleven am . move through the house -- int . upstair hallway -- night Dark . int . library -- night lit by a single lamp . the silence break by vivien 's excessive scraping . she peel off the last scrap of wallpaper . stands back to take in the wall . int . master bedroom -- night Ben have fall asleep read . his eye OPEN . the same unconscious zombie- like awake he be the night of the fireplace . int . library slow pull back to finally reveal ... the wall -- if the anti- Christ have a sistine Chapel , this be what would adorn the ceiling . it 's a paint prayer to pain . vivien be oddly undisturbed by the image of torture , murder , rape . as she lose herself in the mural we see Ben sleepwalk behind she , unseen , into the kitchen . int . kitchen Ben , at the stove . turn on the burner -- all of they . int . bedroom -- night a toilet flush and vivien , in she pajamas , come out of the bathroom , rub lotion on she arm . ready for bed . she look up , jump when she see the rubber man stand silently in the doorway . a beat , then a smile -- vivien hot . I think I tell you to throw that thing away . the rubber man be silent . int . kitchen -- night Ben lean down . Eye level with the blue flame . they hiss . he reach he hand out . 48 . int . bedroom -- night the rubber man just stand there . vivien laugh . vivien I have to admit , I be give you point for creativity . ( then ) you be pretty hot this afternoon . wanna go for a two -peat ? she get into bed . pull off she pajamas . rubber man move towards she . vivien ( cont 'd ) you go to take the suit off ? ( off he head shake '' no '' ) okay , whatever , I can be kinky . the rubber man approach , right into camera . int . kitchen -- night Ben lower he hand , into the flame . it blister , crack . no response . like it 's happen to someone else . int . bedroom -- night the rubber man , on top of vivien . fucking her . it feel so good , but it hurt -- not just physically . she can feel the darkness of the Wall inside of she . her head be back , a tear roll down she cheek . he finishes and stop move . int . kitchen -- night Ben 's hand be be burn by the flame . his flesh bubbles . int . bedroom -- night the rubber man be go . vivien pull up she pajama pants . she 's emotional , vulnerable . get under the cover , turn out the light as Ben enter , still sleepwalking . he get into bed . she roll over . on she face . vivien good night . I love you . Ben stare off into space . BEN Love you , too . end act three 49 . act four ext . house -- afternoon ( later ) a hand push open the gate . reveal leah , who stop and stare at the house . int . library -- day vivien take she cello out of its case , look at it . she hesitates , sit with it , slowly begin to play a John cage solo . it 's passionate , full of all she unexpress feeling . a exorcism . intercut the dramatic bow of she cello with -- int . house -- basement from the bottom of the stair , look up at the door . the sound of muffle talk . the lock be unlocked . the door open . violet and leah look down from above . leah what 's down there ? violet my stash . my parent toss my room every week . leah 's not sure . violet , play it cool , start down . leah if you be screwing with I ... violet disappear down the stair . leah do not want to go down there . violet reach the bottom -- turn -- violet it 's just a basement . fuck it . leah come down . leah 's Pov , follow violet . violet ( cont 'd ) I find the best hide place . this be great shit , too . a lot of the coke come into the US from Central America be smuggle in on lobster boat in gloucester . I use to show my boob to one of the lobsterman in return for a key or two before they cut it . they come around a corner , find tate , sit on a rusted meat freezer . 50 . leah who the hell be you ? tate so this be the coke whore . slow motion -- leah look eye with violet . she can see it in violet 's face -- thing be about to get scary for she . she flee . too slow . tate grab she . tate ( cont 'd ) ( to violet ) get the light ! violet turn off the light . int . library vivien 's solo move toward a crescendo . the bow almost burn . int . basement now it 's just sound . leah fight . tate laugh . violet it 's enough , tate . violet 's bumped to the ground . we can hear the wind be knock out of she . leah 's scream become more desperate . leah oh , God ! get it off of I ! please God get it off of I ! violet what 's happen ? tate it 's enough ! violet fumble for she cell phone as scream continue . turn on she night vision app . search for leah with the phone . find she . there 's something on attack she . the thing turn . it 's the infantata . it hiss at violet . violet scream , shocked , the phone fall to the floor , we see she kick she way to the wall . turn on the light . nothing be here now . it 's all happen in milli-second . leah scamper to she foot . her face be slashed . claw mark . she run up the stair , out of the house . tate I do not think she will be bother you anymore . 51 . he go to violet . she back away . violet what be that ? something be on she . what do you put on she ? tate what be you talk about ? she kneed I in the ball and get away . she must have run into a wall or something . violet I see something . with my phone . it be like a monster or something . tate you be talk crazy . violet , this be cool . we just show that bitch . violet get out . I do not want to see you again . he try to hug she . she back away , move up the stair , never take she eye off of he . she 's go to cry . tate ( deadly ) I think you be not afraid of anything . she do not like this guy anymore . she trip back up the stair , get she foot and run out . off tate , a devilish grin on he face .... int . library vivien finish . she 's flushed and smile , this be a personal triumph for she . she hear the front screen door slam -- leah exite . off vivien , enjoy a moment of rare happiness -- int . san francisco doctor 's office -- day tight on blood fill a syringe . as the draw continue -- female voice agitation , difficulty sleep ... anything else ? reveal vivien , have she blood draw , talk to a new physician , dr . emily fleming . 52 . vivien a little trouble sleep , yes . dr . fleming any hallucination ? vivien I be sorry ? dr . fleming the hormone cocktail you be on can sometimes cause hallucination , euphoria ... vivien no . no hallucination . dr . fleming how long have you be take it ? vivien a couple of week ? dr . fleming any sexual activity ? vivien yes . finally . it 's help with that . another laugh . the doctor finish the blood draw . dr . fleming okay . well we will do a blood panel , see what 's go on . the doctor calm vivien , who nod . everything 's go to be okay . ext . school -- common area -- day violet enter , apprehensive . Abby and becca -- leah 's buddy -- come up and surround she . ABBY what do you do to leah ? violet be ready to rumble . violet I do not do anything . 53. becca bullshit . something happen to she at you house . violet tense she fist . it 's about to go down . violet so ? becca so it be awesome ! she totally drop out of school , you terrorize she ! great job . the girl be laugh . violet I think you be she friend . ABBY we hang out with she because she parent be always away so we could party at she house . becca killer pool . ABBY she be a total bitch . becca hard core . ABBY anyway . we be hit up the bagel after school . it 's a pretty cool deli down in the Mission if you want to come . a lot of the kid from here go there . becca serious dude -age . violet sound all right . should I meet you ? ABBY no , I get my dad 's car . we be be out front at three . violet nod . the girl head off . as they go -- 54 . becca you think I could pull off that Taylor momsen black eye shadow thing ? violet take it all in , smile . Holy crap -- she have friend . ext . house -- day Ben stretch . ready for a run . sense something . he covertly turn . spy the burnt man in a car , lurking . a beat , then Ben start he run . the car pull out , follow he . ext . park -- day Ben run into golden gate park . the burnt man follow . Parks . continue on foot . he 's slow , but he cut through the tree to keep up . Ben speed up . run out of frame . we be with the burnt man now . out of breath . search for Ben . he 's lose he , then -- Ben grab he . spin he around violently . BEN who be you ? why be you follow I ?! the burnt man cower . we can see how old he be now , vulnerable , afraid . burnt man please . you family be in danger . Ben calm . back off . after a beat we CUT to : ext . park -- day ( later ) a bench underneath the Bridge . Ben sit beside the burnt man . we get a good look at he now -- he face be mangle , so be he hand . burn that severe can not heal . the burnt man notice Ben 's hand . burnt man what happen to you hand ? BEN what happen to you face ? burnt man it 's not just my face . seventy percent of my body . you do not survive something like that -- and this be the sixty . ( more ) 55 . burnt man ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I be Larry harvey -- and you have to get out of that house . BEN I could have you arrest , you know ? peek in people 's window be a crime -- even in San Francisco . larry they be not go to put I back in jail . I have brain cancer -- terminal and inoperable . BEN I be sorry . larry do not be . that 's the only reason they let I out . ( a beat ) homicide . triple homicide . San quentin for forty -two-year without a cold then two month ago they diagnose I with this tumor in my head . some people would call that fate . BEN God give you cancer so you could get out of prison and tell I to move ? larry maybe . I do not know . I have see stranger thing . BEN sound more like a man who be search for a chance at redemption for the awful thing he 's do . Larry chuckle . there 's no redemption for he . he pause , then look at Ben directly . larry I make it six month in the house you live in now before I start hearing the voice . my wife think I be work too hard . my daughter Angie -- she be six . the older one Margaret be ten . ( more ) 56 . larry ( cont 'd ) look like she mother . funny how it skip a generation like that . BEN look , I get that you be lonely and you be struggle . get out of prison after all of that year . I be sure ... larry I kill they all . off Ben , shocked we flash to : int . the house -- night -- flashback a can of gasoline . Larry 's carry it up the stair . ina trance . larry loraine be ill that night . my wife . she take a pill and go to bed early . I put the girl down . then the voice start . we see he enter he child 's room -- int . kide 's room -- night he pour the gasoline . larry they tell I what to do . I be like a obedient child . we be on he face . his eye be black . dead . he light a match . toss it . stay on he face as the flame illuminate the room . int . master bedroom -- night Larry give he wife the same treatment . he watch she burn . then , suddenly , she spring up . engulf in flame . scream . she grab he . he snap out of it . realize what he 's do . it 's too late . he throw she off but now he 's on FIRE . int . house -- stairway -- night slow motion as Larry , a ball of fire , run down the stair . int . live room - night and through the live room , past the mural . flash back to --— ext . bench -- day 57 . Ben be shocked . Larry be cry . he take a beat . larry I do not know how I put the myself out . I remember the night , but it 's like a movie . have you be sleepwalk ? the question hit Ben hard . larry ( cont ’d ) I have see you family . pretty wife . you seem like good people . if you do not get out of that house you be all go to die in there . BEN there be some pretty serious side effect to brain tumor . people hallucinate , act strangely , invent whole world in they head . larry look up my case . read the transcript . Ben get up . BEN I be a doctor . they might not put you back in jail but I could certainly get you commit to a state mental institution . trust I , that place make prison look like Club Med . leave my family alone . Larry jump up , desperate . larry please . please get out of there . that place be evil . BEN get off of I ! I be not kid , leave we alone . Ben start off . a beat before Larry call after he -- 58 . larry you never answer I -- what happen to you hand ? Ben look down at he hand . fear play across Ben 's face before he jog off -- speed up as he go . int . BEN 's home office -- day a lock be pick . reveal violet , on a mission . she feverishly go through a drawer , look for a patient file . she find tate 's , pull it , exit . int . violet 's room -- day violet pour over the information . she be rivete by word she father have use to describe he patient . tight on they : sociopath ... murder fantasies ... violent . violet pause . she go to she computer , type tate 's name in Google search . a beat . her eye go wide . reveal a flurry of headline . '' Student , 17 , kill Fifteen in San Francisco bloodbath . '' '' shooter describe as ' charm 's and ' a loner . 's there be several photo of grieve parent , and a school id picture of tate . finally , violet gasp . another headline : '' Student take own life after High School massacre . '' reveal the year of the shooting : 1994 . tate die seventeen year ago . off violet -- int . kitchen -- day Ben sit at the table , stunne , shake . vivien enter , come up behind he , kiss he . it comfort he . he hide he burnt hand under the table . vivien what do you want for dinner ? BEN whatever violet want . 59 . vivien she 's go out with some friend . they share a look -- really ? Ben smile . BEN what do you want ? vivien I be kind of in the mood for indian . BEN you only like indian food when you be pregnant . she smile , tear form in she eye . he 's stunne . BEN ( cont 'd ) really ? she nod , emotional . she 's pregnant . her face open up in a huge grin , the first time we have see she truly happy . he bolt up , hug she , kiss she . finally , after all this effort , they be back . move off they . out of the kitchen . into the library . we look at the wall for a beat before the rubber man appear , a jolt . off he face , look right through we , we smash to black . over credit , prodigy 's '' firestarter . '' end pilot