american milkshake written by David andalman co-writer , mariko munro 9/28/2011 int . old fashioned stage circa 1900 . a white man in a top hat introduce the final act of a black face performance . top hat man in the spirit of true minstrelsy , you have again show that laughter be the wine of life . some 50 performer stand and break out into song . Roll credit to the music . a average american teenage boy begin to speak . his name be jolie . jolie ( v.o . ) all my life , my parent have tell I I be smart and talented . that I can be anything I wanna be when I grow up . get into the West branch magnet Program be suppose to be some kinda honor . they probly think I would grow up to be a doctor , or a lawyer , or scientist that cure cancer and junk . I mean for I school have always be a breeze . ext . suburban high school - circa 1990 now in the mid-90s , for we story present day . jolie ( v.o . ) but when I look around , I just feel surround by dork . angle on a old school hoop on the horizon . a kid silouettes against the sky lay the ball in . jolie ( v.o . ) all I want , be to be like the kid on varisty , who live in the maple Ave tower . 2 . ext . maple ave tower - day a part of a suburban neighborhood line with huge apartment building . jolie ( v.o . ) the maple ave kid be come up from nothing . I mean , they only shot at college be balling . and they have get girl blow up they pager twenty - four seven . Black kid play ball apartment building tower over they . int . basketball gym the young naive face of jolie in the midst of tryout . jolie ( v.o . ) I pray to God I make varsity . I would do anything to be like the maple Ave. kid . montage of tryout - jolie the olny white kid among they . suicide drill . push up . Machine gun defensive stand exercise . scrimmage . jolie be just a breath behind everyone at pretty much all of they . and now jolie be at the line . a classic american basketball tryout drill . miss and you run . all the player but jolie watch from the baseline . jolie line up he shot carefully . he glace at the coach who hold a clipboard . jolie fire . for a split second it 's dead on but then it brick wildly . the kid take off run . coach that be terrible . int . henrietta's golden bedroom - morning sound of a high pace video game begin . 3. jolie , in he tighty - whity , play sonic on a sega Genesis . also on the bed , black girl henrietta aaronson try to do she homework . henrietta do you think you be gonna make varsity ? jolie drop he controller and tear up . henrietta School be so wack . jolie compose himself . jolie I support you no matter what . but I can not be changin ' no diaper . henrietta look defeat . jolie pause sonic . curl up with she . jolie ( voice over , whisper ) I have be fuck henrietta for a while . she 's the best . she 's pregnant with someone else 's baby but I be cool with that . in fact , I think that 's why I like she so much . she 's kinda thugge out . jolie rub she stomach . jolie you stomach 's smooth . henrietta pop up . henrietta not now jolie . jolie I think you look more beautiful like this than anything . I wish you could be this way forever . we would be so happy like this . a drop of sweat run down henrietta 's face and land on a sheet of paper full of algebra equation . jolie I love you . 4. int . henrietta's live room - later jolie , now clothed , bound down the stair with bookbag and basketball . jolie hey , Mr. aaronson . mr. aaronson ( emerge from kitchen ) hey . jolie you get my check ? mr. aaronson shit man , that hour really add up , hun ? Mr. aaronson grab he checkbook off the top of the tv and head to the kitchen . jolie I guess . jolie flip on the tv and catch a little of the oj Simpson trial . jolie ( v.o ) henrietta 's adopt . she life in a big house like I . her parent pay I to tutor she in geometry . she 's kind of a outcast . I think that 's why we click . plus , we mom both work for the same law firm . they fly all over the country do somethin' . Mr. aaronson flip off the tv . mr. aaronson what a mess ... so , how do you think she 's do ? be she gonna pass ? jolie ( stumbing ) uh , I do not know . maybe . Mr. aaronson tense up , then relax again and hand over the check . 5 . mr. aaronson I do not get it . she be always a great student . jolie ( search for word ) ... you know ... geometry 's a hard thing . algebra lead to it and if you dont get that then - mr. aaronson ( interupting ) yeah yeah I guess so . well , you do what you can . jolie yea . mr. aaronson peace out . jolie thanks . ext . west branch high school - day the bell ring . ethnic mural line some of the wall , other be just the old school red brick . jolie ( v.o . ) my great great grandfather be a famous black face performer . int . school hallway - continuous change class . kid of all shape , size and color . jolie emerge among they . jolie they use to call he the great performer of all time . but now . kid at school have never even hear of he . I mean not even magnet kid in ap history have hear of he . int . ap english classroom jolie and he best friend haroon be in the back . haroon 's a scrawny afghan boy with glass . 6 . haroon glance at he bulky calculator watch and raise he hand . haroon hey , can I be excuse for the million man March ? jolie hey , can I use the bathroom ? the teacher mr . mccarty already have the pass raise . int . yellow hallway empty except jolie and haroon . haroon dude , do not they post who make the team today ? jolie naw , not till Monday they say . haroon alright man , have a good day at school . jolie yeah right . haroon see ya . they smack a secret handshake and haroon exit . alone , jolie look longingly out the window . jolie lucky bastard . ext . school parking lot haroon wave good - bye to jolie . minority kid be hopping into car with they march sign , psyched to be get out of school . jolie ( voice over , whisper ) this suck . all the minority get a excuse absence for the million man March . 7. a almost white look kid enter the frame . jolie ( v.o. ) but I , I be stick in school like a bama . haroon wave a last goodbye from he Nissan saturn . int . school hallway jolie - still look enviously out the window . jolie ( v.o. ) I wish I be one of they . I wish I be one of they . I wish I be one of they . fuck . int . henrietta's golden bedroom - day henrietta rock out to she walk - man while jam on some homework . jolie 's in he underwear again play sonic . jolie ( v.o. ) I be suppose to tutor henrietta every Sunday . she 's get a F in math . she know how to do it though . she 's flunk on purpose . jolie look back at henrietta and smile to himself . jolie ( v.o. ) she 's so gangster . int . henrietta's livingroom - later jolie , clothed , bound down the step again , this time two at a time . ext . town establishing shot suburban home with large apartment tower in the background . the school be in the more urban part of town . 8. ext . westbranch school gym the door spray-paint " thug life . " ext . west branch hs track and field jolie and haroon sit on the hill do homework . haroon hey you hear fransisco get arrest ? smash CUT to : int . blair blazer gym francisco , bare chest , struggle against a security guard . he look directly into the camera . fransisco I be innocent , this be bull shit ! back to : ext . crumbling concrete bleacher - that moment haroon over some picture on the Internet . jolie look confuse . jolie ( o.s. ) oh you mean like netscape ? haroon ( laugh ) yea . haroon get up to leave . haroon yo dont forget I need my computer homework back by Monday . jolie I get you . do forget to get I my bio homework back . haroon yea duh . the walk into the distance . 9 . jolie ( voice over , whisper ) my great great grandfather have a song , hallelujah I be a bum . tupac have a song , I would Rather be a n.i.g.g.a. , so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day . I always think they be really similar . int . west branch bio CLASS - later haroon and jolie in identical pose . haroon yo . I gotta take a massive dump , will you guard the door while I be in there . jolie yea . they raise they hand - again in identical position . int . bathroom haroon in the stall take a dump . jolie at the urinal - simultaneously pound a sunkist and take a whiz . haroon I be take the most epic shit . oh ! dude ! do not they post who make the team today ? jolie look suddenly worried . it dawns on he . he rush off . haroon do not forget I need my computer homework back ? jolie !? int . D hall jolie rush toward the camera . jolie ( v.o. ) as a white boy at West branch I be just not cool . he 's zeroing in on a wall full of sport poster - at it 's center a golden piece of paper lable " the team . " 10 . jolie ( vo ) but make the team would change my life forever . jolie look down the list . jolie ( v.o. ) it 's my one shot to fit in with the maple Ave kid . to actually be somebody ! jolie 's face brighten . jolie walk past it and do a double take . it 's the list . close on jolie' eye : pure intensity . he stand motionless , hold he breath , read . then lean back , cover he drop jaw . jolie ( voice over , whisper ) make the team , feel like the most important thing in my life . jolie take off run down the hall past a mop lean against the wall . jolie ( voice over , whisper ) as a white boy I just do not fit in , not in takoma Park . but now ... jolie become a black silhouette against a row of window . jolie ( voice over , whisper ) I be practically black . ext . sparse wood - day jolie , in he gold Webber jersey , hop in the wood . he wear large purple ankle weight , and " jump sole " ( clunky and clumsy look work out shoe ) . jolie ( voice over , whisper ) I even ditch class to work on my hop . 11 . exhausted , jolie gather he basketball and backpack and leave . a metro train roar past in the background . int . jolie' junky basement - no window jolie be bench press and haroon be spot . a single florescent fixture hang overhead . haroon man , I can not believe you make the team . jolie finish he set . pop up . jolie I be the last bama on the list ! if Francisco have not be arrest I would still be a loser ! I would be just another Joe shmoe lame - oh geek in the Blair High School magnet . close on haroon : he face slowly fall . jolie oh hey , can you mom give you a ride home later . there 's something I gotta do . haroon oh ... yeah . yeah . that 's cool . they rotate position - we see that jolie have only be lift 5 lb. weight . jolie 2.5 's right ? haroon yeah . jolie lean down on the bar and grin to himself - still on cloud nine . ext . street of takoma park - day a shiny cherry - red ' 93 Nissan quest approach . 12. jolie ( voice over , whisper ) tupac . biggie . snoop dog. easy -e. Dr. dre. suge knight . Mr. T. the quest pull to the curb - jolie and he dad inside . jolie' dad alright bye . no injury . jolie hop out in black and red basketball gear - black headband , black jordan , even black sock . jolie alright , bye dad . a clunker 90 cell phone ring . jolie 's dad answer . jolie' dad hey , you back from the hill ? what happen ? ext . SMALL clearing in the wood henrietta sit alone on a stump listen to she walkman . jolie bound down a path startling she . henrietta it smell like dog shit in this wood , jolie . why would you want to meet out here anyway ? jolie choke up . jolie wow . that be pretty bad . it smell like a dead mouse or something . henrietta you dont want to be see with I do you ? cus I be pregnant . jolie ... what ? no. henrietta soften . henrietta you wanna make out with I ? 13. jolie yea but , I can not . not no more . we can not be hang out any more . you understand though right ? henrietta ... why ? jolie henrietta , I tell you . I make the basketball team . I be a blazer now . henrietta look crest fall . jolie l... jolie hack up some spit . jolie ( cont 'd ) look . if I make the NBA I be gonna take care of you and you baby . we be gonna live in a big house in potomac . be rich , have maid . that 's the reason I be do this . can not you see that ? can not you be happy for I ? henrietta shake she head in utter disappointment . she drop jolie 's basketball and walk off . pregnant , she ass might be a little bigger than before . then she stop and turn . jolie spin he basketball on one finger . jolie do you need a token for the bus or some junk ? crushed , henrietta leave . jolie watch she descend through a romantic archway of brush - a blacktop and basketball hoop in the distance . jolie ( voice over ) I feel bad but , jolie dart up the hill - basketball in hand . 14 . jolie ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) henrietta have rich white parent . and after I make the team close on : he black shoe and sock . jolie ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) I realize , compare to I she be not thugge out at all . she be just bad at algebra . jolie disappear into the wood . jolie ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) for a while I be worried she dad , Mr. aaronson , would be mad . jolie run past a jungle gym with a little boy hang from the monkey bar . jolie ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) but he be cool . he even offer I 20 buck to mow the lawn . so , everything work out . jolie jog past a pregnant woman . jolie ( voice over ) I guess . int . locker room - night ( but no window ) the blazer dress after practice , everyone chat among the many aisle . but jolie be all alone in a aisle by himself . jolie slam the locker door . int . basketball gym - night jolie be deep on the bench . the acoustic be bad . the semi full bleacher fill the space with echoe . the crowd be various shade of black . a lot of they have they foot kick up . classic red versus blue . 15 . the action on the court be fast pace . the player be discipline , set screen and run concrete play . wendel , a guard , pull up for a shot - swish . the cheerleader get excited . the home score flash red and reappear as 86 to 52 . a blow out . the team of Blair blazer sit together , they head move in unison , follow the action . at the end of the bench be arius and jolie . arius , cover in sweat , be a tall thin , care - free , light - skinned black kid . he have a huge scar on he head , a thick red headband and band - aid over he earring . jolie be bone dry and still in he warm up suit . arius now it come with two free controller and the game . jolie ( not pay attention ) oh yeah . arius yeah . we be play that joint at my place and one of the cheerleader be all confess how cute she think you be . jolie ( excite ) which one ? arius ( point to the cheerleader bench ) christine ortanyez . jolie focus in on a particularly cute panamanian cheerleader - christine ortanyez . jolie Pov : slow motion of christine - tap she palm and do a leg kick then look directly at we . coach dale jolie ! jolie flinch . 16 . coach Dale - in afine suit and gold rimmed glass - glare . coach dale ( cont 'd ) get pistol . jolie rip off he warm - up in a panic . the shirt get stick over he head , then he trip over he pants . his teammate look on with various expression of concern and laughter . a cheerleader from the oppose team point and giggle . redhead grunge kid ( o.s. ) unsnap it ! struggle , jolie frees himself . coach Dale shake he head and so do the fat black man directly behind he . they expression match exactly . the old white referee blow he whistle hard - game over . all the blazer start high - five each other but jolie . int . jolie' messy room - night a six foot long poster of a ' 91 lamborghini countach cover the wall . a nerf basketball hoop hang on the close door . haroon be dress up as a woman , use a wig , sock as breast , and a sheet as a skirt . haroon come on man , we have gotta nail the marion Barry skit tomorrow or I be gonna get a B in English . jolie I do not feel like it . I tell you . jolie throw a African hat and tap shoe off he bed and they smash against the wall . haroon dude , it 's be just a preseason game , come on . jolie man , if I can not get in when we be up thirty in the preseason then I be never gonna play . 17 . jolie pull off he jersey and throw it down . he pick up a switch blade and look at he warpe reflection . haroon he try to put you in the game . jolie yeah , for thirty second . there 's a knock on the door . jolie wipe a teary eye and straight up . elliott , jolie 's oddly old dad - enter with a bright orange nerf ball off the bedside table . elliott Three . two . ( pump fake ) one . Elliott dunk and freeze in mid air . he make the sound of a sell out crowd , animatedly , in a comforting way . the kid smile . elliott come on , haroon . let 's get you home . jolie already ? haroon follow he down the step . haroon Elliott , will you go over this skit with I . I think you will really like it and I need to practice or I be gonna get a B in ... there voice fade into silence . jolie stand alone , grab a dumb bell and do a few curl . he push it up he bicpt with he hand so that it look bigger . int . henrietta's bedroom - night jolie climb in through the window . the only light in the room come from the sega on pause . 18. henrietta I know you would be back . jolie because you know I love you . jolie kiss she with lot of tongue . henrietta whatever . jolie what ? jolie smile . jolie you be the best . I love you forever henrietta . henrietta you promise . jolie I promise to God . henrietta be you gonna help take care of my baby ? jolie I would do anything for you . jolie turn off the tv , and in the near darkness of just a night light quietnly mount she . henrietta wait . I want you to know ... there 's some stuff . I feel like you be the only one I can trust , the only one I can talk too . like about when I run away , and let that kid take photo of I . I could not tell anyone but you . you know that right ? jolie I know . they be just photo . everyone make mistake . henrietta caress he face and they kiss . 19 . henrietta ( voice over ) jolie 's stupid . he will believe anything . but I like he . I have be fail algebra just so he can tutoring I . ext . henrietta's moonlit home the automatic sprinkler go off . henrietta ( cont 'd ) the thing be . he 's not like other guy . I mean , he 's on the team , but he 's not really a cool kid . I have always hate the cool kid . jolie step off the porch and trip on a crack in the sidewalk . int . dimly lit gigantic auditorium - day the theater class be spread out , bored and chatty . in the distance a girl be practice dance step on stage . christine walk down the aisle and sit next to jolie . christine hey jolie . have you see this article ? jolie be dress in basketball attire - it 's a game day . christine be in she hot cheerleader uniform . jolie what ? no. lemme see . she hand jolie a newspaper . they hand touch briefly , they lock eye - a moment pass between they . jolie wow . I hear Francisco get arrest but I do not know he make the paper . christine I hear he get arrest because he and a bunch of other kid bang that pregnant girl henrietta for a dollar or something . a redhead dude with a orange hoody turn around with a spnoonful of green jell -o , eat from he tupperware bowl . 20 . redhead grunge kid a dollar total . or a dollar each ? christine each , I hope . jolie ( disturbed ) that 's a rumor , duh . they just take photo . christine how do you know ? be you there ? jolie I hear . redhead grunge kid believe what you want man . that chick get gang bang ! turned out by mad dude like a straight porno scene . jolie , lose in think . the bell ring . int . hispanic hall dim . no window . Hispanic kid line the locker . pant sag and Spanish be hear . one black kid from the team , arius , look in a locker mirror and put on cologne . he have a gold cross and greasy hair . arius jolie . I hear you old girl be a straight chicken -head . jolie who ? arius you have not hear ? arius Heard what ? arius that maple Ave shit . you have not see the porn video with you girl henrietta ? 21 . jolie I be not with that girl man . I just tutor she in algebra . arius chill brother . I be just say ... mr. applebaum overhear this . mr. applebaum what be you boy buzzing about ? maple Ave this .. maple Ave that .. arius you can take the niggas out the ghetto but you can not take the ghetto out the niggas . mr. applebaum come on arius . I know you have get somewhere to be . still stunne by the rumor , jolie follow the steady flow of kid out a single door to the : ext . east side of the school - day the sun backlight the school . jolie emerge from the school . christine catch up to he . christine jolie , be not you head to computer class ? jolie what ? yeah . christine be everything alright ? you look kind of stunne or something . jolie what ? no. I just . the sun be in my eye . christine oh. jolie what 's up ? 22. christine I be totally struggle with my program this month , do you think I could look at you code ? jolie my programming skill be not that good . but we can copy haroon 's code and just change the variable name . christine really ? jolie yea . christine cool . thanks . christine give jolie a hug . henrietta walk past and give jolie a eye . jolie pretend not to notice . from afar the kid look like ant walk in line to and from the portable ( trailer classroom ) . a school bell ring . ext . convenient store henrietta approach the redhead grunge kid . they be both skip class . henrietta hey , can I bum a cigarette ? redhead grunge kid be not you pregnant ? henrietta whatever . henrietta roll she eye and start to walk away . redhead grunge kid hold up . here . henrietta thanks . henrietta light up . 23. redhead grunge kid fuck it , right ? henrietta yea . I guess so . int . back of classroom work in group . haroon dude , christine 's be jock you nut lately . what 's up with that ? jolie I do not know man . I think she 's into I . anya she 's probably just use you for my code . haroon it happen to I all the time . anya you wish . haroon even if she do like you dude , you would have to be loco to get with she . jolie look over at christine on the other side of the classroom . christine smile back . haroon ( cont 'd ) her last boyfriend Raymond - CUT to : ext . student parking lot - SUN set Raymond , a cool Hispanic boy perch on a metal railing , crane he head around and we see he 's get a black eye and smoke a camel . haroon ( o.s. , cont 'd ) have be have sex since junior high . 24 . Ray hop off the railing , put he arm around a girl and kick over a trash can as they walk into the sunset . back to : int . dim basement classroom - that moment vlad that 's nothing . Ray 's be suspend three time . they find a gun in he locker . and he have no blood parent . you do not want that kind of sloppy second . it 's big trouble . jolie hmmm . vlad you would be the man , though . I would give you that . haroon yea , that 's true . you would be the man . anya why ? what do that have to do with anything ? all the boy roll there eye . in slow motion jolie turn to look at christine , this time with he hoody up . turn back he knock he notebook off the table - papers scatter , a can of sour cream pringles spilling . christine notice the commotion , laugh kindly . he smile back . ext . dusty multipurpose field - sunset crack - the sound of softball be hit . the girl team warming up . jolie and christine sit on small metal bleacher . christine you guy have the late practice today , huh ? 25 . jolie yeah . christine well coach Dale ask I to tape the next game - you wanna see the camera we be use ? it 's in the small gym . jolie oh yeah . all the way past C hall . christine come on . I know a short cut through parent class . jolie through parent class ? let 's just go the long way . christine come on . do not be such a goody goody . the teacher do not care . trust I . she 's like a hundred year old , she get it . it 's just a excuse to have free baby sitter for all the teen mom . and that 's a good thing . she grab he hand and lead he . int . parenting classroom jolie and christine cut through the chaotic after school `class . ' henrietta be there , look bored , and play with a toy toddler . henrietta give jolie a suspicious look . jolie wave nervously . christine be you friend with she ? that 's the girl I be tell you about . jolie I just tutor she in algebra . you know how we need community service hour to graduate , well ... 26 . int . blazer gymnasium a mural of fire emblazon the wall . a second floor balcony - overlook the court . a space for store of moldy old trampoline and gymnastic junk . jolie it 's hot as a mug in here . christine flip on a giant stand fan . christine stand in front of this . God that feel good . her hair and cheerleader skirt blow back . jolie stand next to she . christine gracefully get on she knee . beat . christine the camera 's under here . come on . she crawl under the trampoline , through the glittery tassel hang around it 's edge . jolie hesitates then follow but we stay behind . a pom-pom and a basketball rest in the foreground . jolie ( voice over ) the season have not even start and my life have change forever . just below the tassel christine 's top land on the floor . jolie ( voice over ) I swear , exactly when we kiss someone yell score . kid of all shape and size rush the court below with hockey stick . haroon and vlad and Benjamin and anya , and the redhead grunge kid and Ray among they . redhead grunge kid score ! score ! score ! ray shut you hole ! 27 . jolie ( voice over ) it feel like a million buck . haroon pump he fist yes as someone get a shot past the goalie in warm up . christine fix she hair and walk out with a vhs camcorder . jolie ( voice over ) I feel guilty cuz of henrietta , but as tu pac say , " only God can judge I . " jolie stand behind , in the doorway , fix he belt and get a touch of wind from the fan . jolie ( voice over ) I do wonder if henrietta 's dad , Mr. aaronson , even know she be pregnant . jolie take a last glimpse of the intermural floor hockey game below they . jolie ( voice over ) but for some reason it just never come up . jolie duck into the stairwell . then all the light go out . blackness . hold . haroon walk into a small shaft of light that go unseen until it have he face to land on . haroon ( off camera ) would someone please stop mess around and put the light on . this league be for serious player only . haroon put on he robocop goalie mask . bam ! he be body check to the floor . ray boom ! step aside , nigga . 28 . haroon slouched against the wall - blood drip from he temple . haroon ( cring in pain , almost crying ) oww , man . I think you break my wrist . ray tell you boy jolie to lay off my girl christine . every time he make a move on she I be gonna eat you ass for lunch . haroon ( beging to cry ) what ? why I ? int . haroon be home - after -school day haroon , and haroon 's older brother zeke be rummage the kitchen cabinet for snack . haroon 's arm be in a cast for the rest of the movie . zeke hey , be there anymore handi-snacks or do you take the last one ? the doorbell ring . ext . haroon' home jolie and haroon smack they secret handshake . they cross the lawn with Zeke . haroon dude , before I show you this internet stuff at my Mom 's place we gotta talk about this Raymond situation . Ray say he 's gonna eat my ass for lunch every time you mess with christine . haroon grab a key from under the doormat of the second home . jolie yea he 's just afraid to step to I directly because he know varsity have my back . do not stress though . he 's just a bully . haroon open the door to : 29 . int . haroon' dimly lit second home - day thick curtain be draw , most of the place empty but a small computer station be in the corner . haroon do not stress ? he break my arm man . how be anything under control ? jolie Ray be just a bully . all you have to do be hold you ground a little probably . jolie fake like he gonna punch haroon and haroon flinch . jolie he will back off . haroon what ? be you serious ? he blind sided I . how be I suppose to hold my ground ? jolie come on dude , be not that why you always carry that batman figure around ? haroon what ? jolie because batman 's the only superhero that be just a regular guy . haroon batman be a cartoon . this toy be for inspiration . we be talk about real life . be you loco ? jolie Fine , then just stay close to I and the team will get you back , I swear . haroon pinky swear . no leave I behind at lunch now that you be all tight with the team or nothing . jolie done . 30 . haroon have fire up a video game on the PC . haroon cool . now let 's conquor titen again . I think we can break the high score . zeke seriously . int . rusty old high school weight room - day every kid on the team but jolie be wear light tan , suède timberland boot . wendel what 's up ? jolie hey . arius what 's up jolie . jolie what 's up ? merly what 's up ? what 's up with you ? jolie what 's up ? codroy what 's up ? jolie what 's up ? surgio chillen . wendel peace , nigger . jolie pause for a second then half smile . haroon 's face turn red as a cherry as he " max " on the bench . jolie see man . Ray can not mess with we now . we be roll too deep . 31 . haroon look around , the whole basketball team be work out . merly leg press a massive amount of weight . haroon ( don he sombrero , spread a genuine smile ) yea . I guess you right . junior year 's actually gonna be cool . and I love spirit week . merly , do you bring a hat for hat day ? merly yea . merly stop he leg press - pull on a black ski-mask . merly hey , jolie . want to give we a lift to Taco Bell for lunch ? jolie yea . no prob . haroon cool man . ext . student parking lot - day kid from the team pile into jolie 's Toyota camry . six be already in the ride , haroon try to squeeze in . merly you want my spot ? haroon ummm . naw . naw . I be cool . merly you sure ? jolie jump in the trunk dude . it 's not far . haroon you think so ? 32 . merly that 's ridiculous . let 's just bring you back something ? what do you want ? haroon uh. just like a couple burrito . here 's a ten ? merly no worry . I get you . haroon oh thanks man . merly no prob . Marly close the door . haroon stand alone in the parking lot in he sombrero . jolie wave as they drive off . jolie I will bring you some cinnamon twist too ! haroon look around and see Ray stare at he from the top of some step . haroon look scared , tip he sombrero to hide he face . int . toyota camry - day jolie drive he teammate , all eat Taco Bell . go- go music blast . in the rearview mirror a cop emerge . merly the cop just follow we from the leave turn only lane . arius I know it . do you see he face ? merly that dude be always mess with we . 33. ext . steep STREET the kid hang out outside the car with one of the cop . merly with the other cop by the cop car . the argument between merly and the cop escalate . merly prevent the cop from grab he empty look bookbag . merly take off sprinting between two of the house . the cop hustle after he , they large belt bounce . jolie and the other kid stunne . wendel he 's still deal nickel bag I bet . arius naw man . it 's because of that video . the maple Ave thing ... the one with jolie 's girl henrietta . jolie she 's not my girl . arius that 's not what she say before she start suck everyone 's dick ... do not believe I . y'all can see the vhs . arius pull out he gold cain . jolie look intensely shocked by this offer . int . high school -- MAIN office the kid that be out to lunch be wait in line get slip for be late . the administrator return with principal ganus , a 350 pound black man who look like a ex-football player . principal ganus arius . this be you fifth detention this semester . that mean in - school suspension for the week . start now . 34 . arius what !? do you hear what happen to we ? we get harrass by the cop man ! arius follow ganus into the bowel of the main office . the administrator take another call , and the coast be suddenly clear . jolie and wendel scope out a escape route - the security guard no longer at the door . jolie come on man . Coast be clear . they peek into the hallway and see security round a bend . jolie and wendel run as quietly as possible in the opposite direction . security guard wendel ! get you ass over hear . wendel what ? what about jolie ? security guard he 's in the magnet program . his teacher will handle it . jolie do not dare look back . jolie ( voice over ) and just like that , with marley arrest and arius do in - school , I might just get some play time ? int . trig CLASS haroon enter and sit next to jolie . haroon have double fresh black eye . the teacher and classroom be quite and dont even pay any attention to jolie enter . haroon I think you say Ray be not gonna mess with I man ? jolie woah . dude . be you alright ? 35 . haroon do I look alright ? jolie I be sorry man . haroon that 's all you get ? jolie no. come on man . haroon you say I just have to hold my ground . jolie well at least you have still get you tooth . haroon you be a asshole . jolie let I get you back . come to the movie with I tonight dude . the new Ice tea flick be out . the ticket on I . Coke , popcorn , the whole nine . haroon roll he eye and shake he head . haroon the whole nine ? it 's a movie . jolie it 's a Ice tea flick and it 's gonna be tight as a mug . haroon look disgust and offended . int . dark ghetto movie theater - night henrietta lean in close to jolie 's ear . they whisper to each other : jolie we have a early game today against paint branch . and I score 3 point . 36 . henrietta you know I see you with that cheerleader . jolie come on . enough with that . I wash my hand already . so I can please you . henrietta just tell I yall be hook up . it 's ok if you be . I just want the truth . jolie you want the truth . how be this ? jolie reveal a plastic case mean for baseball card . out of it he slide a small newspaper cut out . a picture of Francisco get arrest with the headline ` sex video arrest . ' henrietta ( ashamed ) yeah . Francisco get arrest . what about it ? jolie I think you say you do not fuck any of they . henrietta I do not . jolie do you suck they dick ? henrietta jolie . it 's none of you fuck business . jolie well everyone at school say you do . and now they be say there 's a video and that 's why Francisco and merly get arrest . henrietta they be not arrest . they get question and shit and then they get suspend . 37 . jolie how do you know ? henrietta because I hear all the maple Ave stuff . haroon pretend to watch the movie but be obviously uncomfortable . haroon shhh . it 's get good you know . henrietta and jolie whisper more quietly . henrietta look , that 's all beside the point . whatever you hear about I at school , they do not know shit . it 's a lie . I already tell you . I run away from home . that 's it . now leave I alone . jolie why do you let they take picture ? henrietta I tell you . I need money . jolie for what ? henrietta duh , a abortion . do that make you feel better . but I decide I want this baby jolie . I want a real family . so I go to pizza Hut for dinner instead . the one on University boulevard , do you want a receipt or something ? jolie where do you sleep that night ? henrietta I tell you . I sleep at the ATM machine . now stop it . henrietta be on the verge of tear and it crack jolie . jolie dang . I know . I be sorry . I be such a idiot . 38 . henrietta but I love you . I just want to be with you now . and put all that in the past . jolie why do not you come to I then ? henrietta we have just meet . jolie I know . damn it . you could have sleep on my couch , easy . my parent would not have even care . we hear a kill on the screen . they kiss . the color cast on they shift from a blue to a red . jolie reach under the starter jacket that lie across she lap . henrietta jolie . no. jolie you lie to I . henrietta I do not . I would never . jolie how do I know ? henrietta guide he hand up between she leg and she close she eye , succumb to he finger . henrietta do not you trust I ? from behind they they be silhouettes against the Ice - T action pic " survive the game . " a baby be cry somewhere in the theater . the red light cast on they begin to flash rapidly . in and out of blackness . jolie peak at a boy one seat away . ( jolie 's basketball be in the seat between they , with haroon 's batman toy sit atop it . ) henrietta breathes hard . 39 . jolie bite he lower lip . anonomous man ( o.c. yell at the screen ) do not mess with he boy ? you be gonna get it now ! un-hun ! ext . movie theater - night jolie haroon and I better get go . we gotta finish we magnet project for r&amp ; E. henrietta jolie , my dad be pick we up . I think you be gonna help I study ? jolie I would but I can not . this be like the biggest project of the year . henrietta I have a huge test tomorrow and if I do not pass this class I have to go to summer school . jolie I know but Mr. Donaldson just assign a huge thing - henrietta haroon . would you mind let I talk to jolie in private ? ext . behind the mall dumpster henrietta the only time we go out be to the movie , and you be always late , and it 's always the late show . jolie what be you talk about ? henrietta roll she eye and look upset . henrietta jolie . I see christine be all over you at school . 40 . jolie she 's just like that . she 's a cheerleader . henrietta tell I something . what do you really want to do with you life ? jolie what do I want to do ? henrietta why do you repeat everything I say ? jolie what do I wanna do ? I mean , you know that , right ? henrietta you be five-eight . jolie spud web be five seven . henrietta jolie . jolie what ? henrietta 's father Mr. aaronson , roll up in a vw van and speak from the window . mr. aaronson so what 's happen kid ? haroon say you guy be talk about important stuff ? henrietta dad , we be fuck study here ! do you mind ? mr. aaronson in the parking lot ? I just want to see if you guy need anything . I make Rice krispy treat . they be still hot . he showcase a saran wrap tray . henrietta dad , have you see how fuck fat I be !? 41 . mr. aaronson henrietta . just because you do not want any do not mean jolie do not . tutor be hard work , after all . ( to jolie ) I tutore high school kid in oakland in the 60' , and - henrietta dad , we all know the story of you save kid in the ghetto , ok ? mr. aaronson jolie , be you hungry ? jolie uh - henrietta jolie 's bail , dad . come on . henrietta hop into the van. mr. aaronson oh. well . that 's cool . that 's cool . henrietta look bum . she cup she stomach and look at it . then scowl at jolie . jolie I be really sorry , Mr. aaronson , but - henrietta dad . just drive please . mr. aaronson no worry , jolie . catch you later . Mr. aaronson make the West coast gang sign as a friendly gesture as a good - bye as he drive off . jolie and haroon watch they leave . int . metro - night the train rumble along . haroon so you have be tutoring she in algebra and that 's it ? 42 . jolie yea . haroon whatever man . jolie what ? haroon I be sit right there . jolie so ? haroon so man . I see what be go on . I be not a idiot . jolie be silent . haroon ( cont 'd ) you be ridiculous . I gotta jump off . jolie what ? I think we be gonna play street fighter ? haroon I can play dune at home on my PC . jolie what be you scared I be gonna smoke you like a blunt again ? haroon you wish . you can not touch my skill . jolie I would turn you into a straight dikfor . haroon what the hell be a dikfor ? jolie you do not know what a dick 's for !? you fuck homo-thug ! jolie jump on the seat and shove he crotch in haroon 's face - thrust hard . several passenger laugh . 43. haroon oww ! dude , you be peal off my scab . get off I ! you know you have be a real jerk lately . jolie damn , Ray really smashed you face do not he ? haroon I think you be a asshole for lie to henrietta and christine . jolie I never lie to they . the metro rumble to a stop . jolie ( cont ) I love they both . haroon exit . jolie look longingly out of the window as the train pull off . int . gymnasium - late afternoon post practice : coach dale kiss ! can anyone tell I what kiss stand for ? coach Dale underline " kiss " on the blackboard . all the bleacher be push in . the team gather on the floor in practice jersey . five starter in white . the rest in red . all downtrodden . wendel wipe sweat off he chin . coach Dale eye they down . two dishevel white assistant coaches flank Dale . a fat black man in a sweat - suit also hang around , a unofficial assistant coach . assistant # 1 wear a gray sweat suit . assistant # 2 sport a wrinkle dress shirt and tie . both don clip board and red whistle . no one move . jolie hesitantly gesture . 44 . coach Dale nod . jolie uh , keep it simple stupid . coach dale why be you mumble ? speak up . jolie keep it simple stupid . coach dale that 's right . keep it simple stupid . the team stare blankly . coach dale ya will screw up and say , " but I think ... " ( beat ) kiss . ( beat ) keep it simple . you guy be think too much on the court . stay aggressive and maybe we will have a chance of beat springbrook without Francisco and merly . we be short hand , especially at guard position , so everyone have to be ready to play , especially you jolie . you be as good as anybody on this team . I have see you play great when we scrimmaged with jv . ( beat ) and everyone , no more bring you stuff in a plastic bag . get a real bag . something canvas . use a old backpack if you have to . ext . gymnasium - dusk a few boy from the team and a few girl from the cheerleader squad be hang around a track and field practice visible in the distance . jolie arius , man . when can I see the vhs tape you mention ? 45 . arius what ? oh , it get erase . do not you hear the cop be on to the whole thing ? jolie yeah , but - arius man , Francisco be in the papers . you have not see ? ( turn and tug at a cheerleader ) come here , girl . sit on my lap . wendel light a cig . jolie lay a towel over he head and turn to wendel . jolie henrietta do not really fuck any of they , do she ? I mean she be just pose nude for some photo , right ? wendel well , they just pay she to do a little strip tease or whatever but thing escalate . jolie how can it just escalate ? wendel how do World War 2 escalate ? it just do . someone pull out he junk teasing she , and then she start mess around with she tongue on he ball , just laugh and stuff . and it just go from there . jolie dude ? if this be a psych , you get I . ok ? just tell I the truth . wendel I be not lie . I be dead serious . you can see for yourself . jolie it get erase I think . 46 . wendel the original do . but arius have a copy . jolie tug on he underarm hair , worried . they look over at arius who be daydream . arius ( to himself ) booooom . wendel arius ! arius snap out of it . wendel what happen to you head man ? arius the doctor say I be crazy so they take a little piece of my brain out . wendel no they do not . arius yes they do . look . arius show off the top of he head jolie damn . close on : arius 's brutal scar in he head . arius push at it with he finger . arius see how soft it be ? jolie yeah . arius laugh . look around to make sure no one 's listen in . arius come by coach dale office tomorrow at 3 o'clock . ( more ) 47 . arius ( cont 'd ) while he 's go open up the weight - room I be show the tape for five buck a head . you have never see anything like this , I promise you . a yellow geo Jeep with 5 very thugge out kid roll up . arius arright y'all . arius give they the finger from the pack with 6 Jeep as it speed off ( geo 's be equipt with only 4 seat ) int . classroom - day everyone work away - haroon and jolie seat in the back with a giant stand alone magnify glass . the teacher mr . applebaum put a paper on jolie 's desk label b+ , then haroon 's , label B -. haroon B minus !? be you serious ? mr. applebaum watch the language mister mochtarzada . haroon do you even read this shit ? mr. applebaum thin ice haroon . haroon come on Mr. applebaum ? the whole undercover hooker bust open in this thing be genius . mr. applebaum it 's not accurate haroon . the oj trial do not begin until long after the marion Barry bust . haroon duh . everybody know that . it 's not a encyclopedia . it 's a story . mr. applebaum haroon . this be a current event history class . I think you miss the point of the assignment . 48 . haroon I think you miss the point of the story ! the event be mix up because the character be mix up . you think I do not know - mr. applebaum enough ! stun , haroon walk back to he desk . haroon ( under he breath ) ... fuck idiot ... mr. applebaum detention . today . the bell ring . the clock show 3 o'clock sharp . haroon Fucking dick - face man , it 's not fair ! haroon brushes he notebook and pencil onto the floor in frustration . jolie shit man . I be sorry dude . you deserve a a . it be tight as a mug . haroon do not placate I asshole . you do not even read it like you say you would . haroon hold up he cast . haroon it 's just a break arm and a couple black eye . nothing to worry about right ? go hang with you stupid team . jolie look at the clock as the room empty . jolie sheepishly leave haroon alone with Mr. applebaum . int . hallway jolie walk down a pack hallway and duck into a office door . 49 . as coach Dale leave he office arius catch the door . the team slip in one by one . all hang out nearby . int . basketball coach office - day picture and trophy be all over the cramped room , span decade . the team and a group of cheerleader be hang out wait for the video . arius pop the tape in . arius look , look , look . look . right here , I tell you . ad-lib holler . some laugh . arius ( cont 'd ) I tell you she be turn out . christine ( to jolie ) damn . jolie aw , man . arius hold up , I gotta rewind to the funny part . christine what a slut ! that 's that girl you tutor right ? jolie ( stunned ) yea . ... henrietta aaronson . arius I tell you ! I tell you ! I tell you ! jolie look devastate . the picture in a backwards blur - rewind , we can make out henrietta . arius shhhhhh . shhhhh . this be it . on the television be henrietta . 50 . guy behind the camera what 's the password ? ( beat ) lemme see they shit again . arius when he grab she tit it look like he 's assess a race horse . he 's like - lemme check out this specimen . everyone laugh but jolie . guy behind the camera what would you daddy say if he see this ? henrietta ( affect a sexy voice ) he would knock I out for the rest of my life . the kid in the room break out into ad-lib excitement . arius pause it . pause it . pause it . look . right there . that 's Francisco in the back . in the background of the video be a doorway to a hallway , and crouch on the floor as if wait for a long time , be Francisco . christine coach Dale be come . I be serious . he 's come now . wendel flip on the sega Genesis . John madden ' 95 appear on the screen . christine and wendel each grab a controller . coach Dale enter . coach dale no weightroom today guy , we get some study to do . this be a copy of last year springbrook game . get comfortable , this could be a while . the cheerleader gather themselves . 51 . coach Dale try to insert the game tape but the vhs of henrietta be still inside . he eject the mystery tape , look at it , unlabel , and put it in he bag . coach dale ( cont . ) Girls , you be welcome to watch but please keep it down , we have we work cut out for we . the cheerleader leave , christine the last to straggle along , grab jolie 's hand briefly on the way out . coach Dale turn off the light and press play on the game tape . arius consider swiping the vhs . so do jolie . but there 's no opportunity . the low quality recording of a game play : one pixilate , long take . the blue team score . the white team - the blazer - in - bound the ball , and the camera pan follow the action . the video as primitive as it get . jolie be in a daze about what have see with henrietta . coach Dale pause the tape . coach dale now what be wrong with that shot ? ( beat ) jolie ? arius he shot on the first pass of a half court set . coach dale be you jolie ? arius ( scowling at the coach ) do I look like white to you ? beat . coach Dale assail arius , wrestle he into a hold on the floor . coach dale how do it feel ? 52 . arius Owwww . my arm . the other player stand back feel awkward about the semi- abusive coach . coach dale how do it feel ? arius ah. ah. ah. coach dale look in my eye . how do it feel ? arius ahhhhhh ! coach dale if I ever see you back away from a rebound again I be gonna bench you for the season . you wont play one second the whole year . you get that boy ? arius pin and cring squirm , eye tear , shirt bunching up and revealing a tatoo on he back for " maple Ave . " while everyone 's distract jolie eye the bag with the vhs , inching closer . just as he 's about to make he move the coach release arius and sit back down . then he pounce on arius again and jolie quickly grab the tape . arius ahhhhh ! ext . wood - night rain pour . jolie sit on a stump , drench and pound a can of coca - cola and hold a basketball . henrietta come timidly down the path with a umbrella and flashlight , remove she walkman headphone . henrietta jolie , you be soaking wet . what 's go on ? why do you want to meet here in the middle of the night ? 53. jolie this . this tape be go on . I see it . the whole team see it . henrietta be silent . jolie you lie to I . why ? jolie put the vhs on the stump and smashes it violently with he basketball . then he pull the tape out of the vhs cassette and throw it into the air dramatically . jolie do not you have anything to say ?! do not you ?! henrietta what the fuck ? silence . jolie how could you lie to I like this ? how could you make a fool of I like this ? henrietta how could I tell you when you never listen ? jolie why ? why not ? I love you . jolie hug she . henrietta sometimes love be not enough . jolie just look at she . jolie be dumb strike . henrietta hug he . henrietta I just could not tell you about maple Ave. , jolie . I just could not let you down . you a magnet kid . you smart . you excellent at computer , math and science . you do not understand where I be come from . what 's important to I . 54 . henrietta hide she face in he shoulder . jolie I think we should not see each other anymore . henrietta I think you be right . jolie you do ? henrietta ( tearing up ) yeah . this time I think you be actually right . jolie kiss I one last time . a beautiful silhouette kiss against the dark blue sky in the rain . jolie 's basketball in a glisten puddle . magnetic tape from the vhs strewn about . henrietta I never mean any of that to happen . thing just get out of control . jolie I will tell you dad I be not you tutor anymore . henrietta thanks . oh , and here . I want you to have this back . henrietta eject she tape from she walkman . jolie what 's this ? henrietta it 's milkshake . the 95 r&amp ; B mix you give I at we second tutoring session . jolie oh . one of that track be not even out yet though . henrietta yea , I know . and some be older . it 's kind of fuck up . 55 . jolie just like we I guess . henrietta just like everyone . jolie look at the mixtape and henrietta leave he stand alone in the rain in the wood . fade out . blackness hold . int . footlocker as Chris rock would say , jolie , christine and haroon be in the mall `white people use to go to . ' jolie take a suede timberland boot off the shelf . jolie dude , I be think about get some tim . haroon so what ? jolie so you have not notice all the kid on the team wear they ? christine duh . haroon man , with sandal you never have to tie you shoe . that 's all I be say . jolie size up the boot next to he foot and look in the mirror . jolie do you have this in a size ten . and bring a what - ( look to haroon ) size 7 ? yeah size seven for haroon . footlocker kid nod and go . 56 . haroon I tell you , man , I do not want tim . I be a sandal guy . like Jesus . and Muhammad . haroon sit down defeat and look in the mirror . christine you would look good in they , haroon . you should try they on . come on . be cool . haroon look at he toe , wiggle they . christine and jolie french kiss as the footlocker kid return with three box of shoe , stop short to watch jolie and christine make-out . haroon look away sheepishly . begin the make out montage : ext . blazer gym parking lot - dusk run down gravel plot build to fit fifteen car . empty except for jolie and christine . wendel and arius drive off in a bright yellow geo jeep pack with 7 other kid . christine and jolie be french kissing . both wear they timberland boot . ext . beautiful cemetery - night on the bank of a stream . jolie unzip christine 's daisy duke under the moonlight and trace she expose skin with the tip of he finger . ext . empty " safeway " grocery store parking lot - night drizzle . jolie 's Toyota camry be fogge up , and there be foot in the window . int . taco bell - night jolie and christine be kissing . cashier anything else with that ? we see christine slip jolie a lot of tongue . 57 . ext . taco bell parking lot - day jolie and christine walk out of the bell . mr. aaronson jolie . jolie turn to see Mr. aaronson and henrietta in they vw van . henrietta sit all the way in the back wear headphone . jolie Mr. aaronson . henrietta dad . mr. aaronson what 's up ? you kid want anything from the Bell . jolie we just eat . but thanks . mr. aaronson ok , well . we be on for this Sunday right ? jolie oh. uh , henrietta do not tell you ? I , uh , can not tutor anymore . mr. aaronson what ? uh , why not ? you dad have not mention , uh . - jolie no , it 's just , the team . basketball be take up so much time now be all . get ready for the playoff and everything . honestly , I would be so tired I would not even be any good . mr. aaronson dang , well be you still gonna mow the lawn at least ? jolie I could probably recommend someone . my buddy haroon 's older brother maybe . the car behind they in line honk loudly . 58 . mr. aaronson what 's he number ? lemme grab a pen . ( shuffle through the glove BOX ) you sure you do not want a bean burrito or anything ? jolie no. I be good . it 's -. honk ! henrietta dad ! mr. aaronson I will get it from you dad . jolie wave . henrietta glare at jolie as they drive off . christine wow . she really hate you or something . jolie what do you mean ? christine do not pretend like you do not see that evil eye she give you . jolie what evil eye ? int . toyota camry park . christine you know they 's a rumor go around that you be hook up with she ? the engine roar to life . jolie who ? henrietta ? jolie blast the ac - blow they hair back . 59 . christine kill it . christine some people even say you be still hook up . jolie henrietta aaronson ? jolie notches up the ac a touch . jolie I tutore she in algebra . her dad be a long time friend of the family . jolie lean over and kiss christine . christine I be gonna say . because she 's kinda pregnant . jolie I know , right . you would have to be twisted to get down with that . jolie bite into a bean burrito , some bean spilling down he cheek . int . jolie' bedroom - night redman 's whatever man be play . jolie make out with christine . christine do you have a jimmy ? jolie search through he sloppy dresser drawer . jolie ( voice over ) I never have to use a condom with henrietta . christine hurry up . jolie dang . I do not see one here . christine what ? 60 . jolie well maybe we can just do it a little bit . christine no way . christine roll over . jolie be still for a moment . jolie ( whisper ) I will not even do it . I will just feel it . jolie nestle close to she . beat . the sheet move . christine lightly moan . christine ( barely audible ) oh. the cover begin to shuffle close on : jolie 's close eye . dissolve to : int . fantasy smoke filled basketball court a spotlit jolie dribble down a seemingly endless court . faint roar of a unseen sell - out crowd cheer he on . jolie ( voice over ) in my head I keep think about dribble a basketball down a endless basketball court , play point guard in the biggest game of the year . the springbrook game . a spotlit christine do a cartwheel follow by a split . jolie ( voice over ) that keep I focus so I would not bust in about two second . 61 . jolie look down at he soile pants , forget he basketball that bounce off into darkness . jolie ( voice over ) I be gonna pull out but ... Three old white referees , also spotlit , be blow they whistle and point furiously at jolie as they charge closer , revealing they all have the face of Mr. aaronson . back to : int . jolie' bedroom - that moment jolie 's face of extreme worry . jolie uh , I better not keep go . christine ( under she breath ) oh. fuck. silence . christine take a few second to cool off . christine have any music we can listen to ? jolie yea . jolie grab some sheet around he and walk over to desk with CD and junk . in a sneeky manor he grab a tissue and wipe himself clean , then grab a handi-snacks wrapper and throw they in the trash together . then he pull out a all eye on I CD . we get a long close up of the cover . the music begin to play . jolie and christine cuddle . christine do you ever wish you be tu pac ? jolie no . do you ? 62 . christine actually yeah . sometimes . jolie really ? shit , so do I . all the time . christine I can not believe he shot that drunk cop and then the cop ' gun turn out to be - jolie and christine - steal . christine yeah . so cool right . jolie so so cool . jolie and christine kiss . ext . taco hut at four corner - dusk the crossroad . two huge four lane road cross to form a massive intersection . behind it , a Taco Bell parking lot full of car . a short line at the ' drive - thru . ' kid from the team be hang out by jolie 's Toyota camry . jolie ( voice over ) as the season roll on , the Taco Hut become the spot to be . some day I would just look around and soak it in . I could not believe I be even here . arius that look like one of they lock you can just bust with you hand . they eye a girly look chain that lock a new forest green girl mountain bike to a bike rack . wendel I do not think so . the rack thing 's not , like , stick down . 63. arius contemplate break the lock . he sip the last of he huge soda , the cup still heavy from ice , and launch it over a few park car . it crash loudly in a dumpster . arius arright ch'all . arius walk away toward the rack . he yank the new shiny green mountain bike with two arm up toward he chest . the entire bike rack jerk off the ground but the lock do not break . arius walk on like nothing have happen . disappear among the park car - the sun set behind they . int . blair blazer high school foyer a large entrance - way with drop ceiling , a black floor , and red trim . the blazer emblem be mount high . a giant copper shield divide into four , like something out of a gladiator movie . it 's lunch period and kid from the team be hang out . jolie , haroon , vlad and christine be nearby . christine ( whispering ) jolie . I have to tell you something . wanna go outside for a sec ? jolie ( eye on Ray approach ) sure . Ray , walk past , intentionally brushes haroon with he shoulder . haroon drop he handisnacks - he cracker crumble across the floor . ray Dead man . arius you be not gonna do shit . ray this aint about you . arius man just chill out . 64 . ray fuck you . arius you be just rude . that 's why you Mom beat you ass grow up . ray keep talk about my Mom nigga . I will smash you fuck nigga lip in . in a flash arius wrench Ray by the collar , swing he around into the tall window and they slam into they . arius say it again . Ray throw a punch and a fight break out . kid come run to watch from different classroom . arius get Ray by the collar again and swing he around into the window but this time they fall through the glass . Ray land on he back outside . arius fall forward hang half out of the window and glass puncture he gut . arius my fuck gut . I be bleed all over my fuck guess . my guess shit man ! ray ah fuck man . I be ok . I think I be ok . a large crowd have gather around the blood and break window in the aftermath of a fight . arius ah shit , man ! ahhh ! my fuck gut be burn ! jolie Holly shit . you need help . someone call a ambulance . haroon whoa dude . that be a lot of blood . where be he go ? jolie I dunno . 65 . arius hobble around leave a trail of blood on the linoleum tile as principal ganus and Mr. applebaum appear on the scene and hold he up . principal ganus a ambulance be on the way . arius be hobble out . Ray be sheppard off by Mr. applebaum .. a trail of small spat of blood across the linoleum floor . principal ganus be surveying the scene with a few of the kid who be present . int . packed blazer gym - night the crowd be fill with energy . brightly light . a home game . everything be red , white , and black . the glossy floor shine like it have just be polished . go- go music , blast over the sub-par audio system , fade out . the fifteen Blair blazer in they red and white warm up have take center court for a ritual . huddle in a pack , hunch over and jumble together with they arm around each other , sway back and forth , they get pump up : wendel who 's house ? whole team our house ! wendel who 's house ? whole team our house ! wendel who 's house ? whole team our house ! ad-lib holler in excitement as the huddle break and they head for the bench . 66 . player wipe the sole of they shoe on the way over . coach dale ok , start five . let 's go . five player shed they warm up and gather on the bench . jolie be one of the starter . coach dale ok , we be gonna come out in a twenty - two go black on make bucket . wendel and jolie up front . everyone put they hand in together in a circle . coach dale Defense on three . wendel Defense on three . one ! two ! Three ! later the bench player have form a entry way for the starter to take the court . on a crappy microphone : announcer start at point guard . number twenty two . Joel " jolie " jolson . jolie trot the isle of he teammate . wendel stoically slap fives and give pound as he take center floor . he take in the experience - look at the huge crowd in the stand around he . all applaud . jolie 's smile fade , and we see he have spot henrietta in the crowd , and not far from she - christine . whistle ! smash CUT to : int . blazer gym - game time the noise of the game and crowd be very frantic and everything be fast pace . coach Dale look at the clock - 30 second leave , Blair be down 1 with the ball . 67 . coach dale jolie ! get back in the game ! take pistol . jolie barrel toward check - in rip off he warm - up ( top and bottom ) , squat at mid court - the buzzer sound - he tap pistol a underhand five . jolie who you get ? pistol point at a huge blond dude who pound he chest ferociously . a buzzer indicate a substitution . jolie be pass the ball - he put a quick move on he man , jab step and cross , slice through the lane . he fake a pass behind he back and go up for a lay up when he shot be block and he be slam violently by a help - side defender . the ref blow he whistle hard and gesture - call a foul . jolie be on the ground in pain , hold he hand , wince . int . jolson's kitchen - night jolie still in he basketball attire , look down over a large bandage on he thumb . the microwave buzze . elliott that be a great move you make . you would have be on the line for two if that guy do not injure you . jolie push he food away . jolie owwwww ! my thumb . sharp pain just shot all the way throw my neck . elliott be you alright ? jolie yeah . elliott more ravioli or anything . I could microwave some more . 68 . jolie no , I be good . int . henrietta's home - day -- stairwell henrietta I do not care if I go to summer School ! crumple on the step , henrietta shriek again . henrietta this shit be meaningless ! who give a crap !? a paper on the floor be mark with a big fat red F with a circle around it . a note be paper-clipped to the corner of the page . henrietta shriek again - launch she TI - 81 calculator at Mr. aaronson , who dodge and it break a few plate that be on display . Mr. aaronson act fast . mr. aaronson ( mumbling ) you be gonna break this thing . he check the calculator and bee line for the phone . mr. aaronson ( genuinely amaze by she anger ) unbelievable . he dial - in the background kitchen henrietta 's step -mom rise and come to check out the commotion . step -mom ( o.s. ) do henrietta just break my grandmother 's China ? mr. aaronson ( grab the phone ) shhhh . henrietta 's shriek carry over into : int . livingroom jolie and Elliott eat ice cream - they both look very tired . 69 . jolie lie on the couch , still in uniform . the late night lurid news play on a small white television . male news anchor ( on the television ) they say 'had they know it be Jordan 's dad they never would have do it ... ' female news anchor if only they have see the license plate ... airness , they might have know . on the tv : Jordan 's dad 's Red Lexus 400 , park , now with a smashed back window as well . the shot zoom into the license plate - airness . the phone ring . Elliott check the circa 90' caller id - a separate box wire to the phone . elliott the aaronson ? at this hour ? should I get it ? jolie I do not know ? elliott ( answer ) hello . ext . jolie' home - night jolie in he uniform and timberland boot , and he dad Elliott in boxer , a T-shirt and barefoot , run to the minivan . elliott they think only you can talk she off the ledge . jolie look like a deer in headlight . jolie why I ? elliott that 's what she say . 70 . jolie really ? dang . elliott well she 's not literally on a ledge . figuratively . do you know what figuratively mean ? jolie duh. come on , dad . just drive . they hop in the van . ext . street of takoma park the drive past a sign that symbolize ` caution , kid at play . ' int . henrietta's livingroom jolie , still in he pajamas , walk up the step then stop to look down they with frighten hesitation in he eye . the four parent look up - some give a few encourage nod . mr. aaronson you do not have to do this . jolie do not worry , I know how to help henrietta get she shit together . elliott jolie . jolie dad. come on . you know what I mean . int . henrietta's bedroom total darkness . no tv . no overhead light . both kid be wear white . henrietta 's stand in front of a mirror , face wet and red from cry . jolie hug she from behind . jolie henrietta , you dad show I the test . it be bad , but if you get a a on you last exam you will still pass . 71 . he flick on a soft warm lamp and kiss she neck . jolie ( cont 'd ) you just gotta learn to distribute . henrietta you really think I do not know how to do that shit ? jolie what ? henrietta that test be not why I be so mad . jolie what be it then ? you can talk to I . you can tell I anything . henrietta I be not invite with you guy to the tyson fight tomorrow . the one on pay tv . I hear everyone be go and I just flip out . I mean what 's the deal ? jolie what ? you mean the bowe fight ? henrietta yeah . bowe , tyson , whatever . the point be the whole team 's go . jolie yeah . it 's pretty much just a team thing though . henrietta no it 's not . wendel , arius , and codroy be all bring girl . jolie oh. I do not know that . well , why do not I just call you when I figure out what time we be go . henrietta well the fight be at eight , right ? henrietta put she hand on he leg . jolie be it ? 72 . henrietta yeah . and everyone 's go to Muhammad Ali 's rotiserie Chicken at City place . she slide she hand up . jolie oh. henrietta yeah . jolie well , I do not know . you have a lot of study . uneasy with she advance , jolie pluck a cliff Livingston basketball card off the wall . jolie cliff Livingston . I forget about that guy . henrietta go for a kiss . jolie henrietta . come on ? we be not together anymore . henrietta ( suddenly angry ) you know spud web only get a roster spot because he 's a circus freak . he should not be there , and that 's why he sell ticket . do not you get it . he 's not good , he 's just a draw . be that what you want to be , a circus freak ? jolie he win the dunk contest . the guy 's a beast . you be way out of you league . henrietta the league be about make money . jolie , the only reason you even get on varsity be because you dad pay for the new uniform . you never would have make it even with Francisco get arrest . do not you realize that ? 73. jolie no he do not . henrietta yes he do . they cost over two thousand dollar . how could you not know that ? I mean you make varsity at Blair after be cut from jv last year . when have you ever see that happen ? the news hit jolie hard . jolie that 's not true . where do you hear that ? henrietta my dad talk to you dad on the phone in the kitchen . jolie look at he bandage hand - lose in deep depress think . henrietta lean into jolie . stroke he leg . jolie , defeat , lean into she comforting arm . henrietta I still love you , though . none of that matter to I . henrietta kiss he . he kiss she back . henrietta 's father knock . henrietta dad , we be study here ! do you mind ? mr. aaronson ( off screen ) sorry . I just want to see if you guy need anything . silence for a moment as the kid be freeze , then we hear he head down stair . jolie lie down and henrietta spoon he . they cuddle . 74 . ext . henrietta's house - night a full moon illuminate : jolie leave with he dad and a big fat rice crispy treat in he mouth . they pass a Black volvo and a old Red volkswagen bug and Golden retriever sleep in the yard . they hop into the minivan . jolie take a big bite of the rice crispy treat as they drive past a " speed hump " sign . jolie ( voice over ) it must have be good for henrietta too , because afterword , she do not mention join the team to the bowe fight , she do not mention christine , she didnt mention nothing . as they drive off jolie look back at henrietta 's home get smaller and smaller . a speed hump sign in the foreground , and a basketball hoop set up on the street . jolie ( voice over ) still though , I be worried she would show anyway . if she do , I do not know what I be gonna do . ext . CITY place mall - night Wide , dark , empty street , light up by pool of light from street lamp . haroon and jolie cross to : Muhammad Ali 's Chicken , a restaurant with tv 's in the window , and a color scheme of red , black , and white . haroon so she be just piss because you do not invite she to this ? jolie yeah . haroon but it sound like she be really freaking out . I mean you say she smashed they PC . jolie yeah , when I first get there she do not even have any clothes on . ( more ) 75 . jolie ( cont 'd ) she throw she pajamas into the fireplace . I swear to God . haroon I do not know . I mean maybe something more be go on ? they pass a blind black man in a black suit poke around a see - eye stick , try to orient himself . haroon ( cont 'd ) I mean , she 's pregnant and it sound like she 's keep the baby . like she 's fulfil some need or something . jolie yeah - the need for something . they cackle . haroon you wear a condom right ? jolie I do not have to . she 's pregnant . they laugh harder . haroon ah man . ah man . that be crazy . int . CITY place mall they enter and they demeanor shift - they both affect bravado . haroon ( softly ) have you ever be here ? jolie ( softly ) not for a fight ? int . muhammad ali' chicken haroon and jolie walk throw look for they friend ; we take in the set as they do . a old dude finish a coke through a straw ; we hear the loud bubbling noise . the giant plastic cup have a picture of Muhammad Ali in he prime . 76 . B &amp ; W Muhammad Ali poster fill the wall . Ali stand in glory over he unconscious opponent , or lay blow to they face , sweat freeze in the air as it fly from they body . the food be laid out cafeteria style . the table and booth be a step above any fast food joint . television hang from every angle , some even face the street to attract pedestrian . on every television , without exception : a box match . bowe versus a large white guy , golota . watch be about a hundred and fifty black people of all age , mostly male , pack the restaurant . the crowd subdued by the early round . jolie find he friend from the team and they girlfriend lining the shinny metal railing that guide people along the buffet style assortment of chicken and biscuit . jolie be the only white person in the whole spot . christine hey . jolie hey . christine do you see that guy who kill Jordan 's dad get life ? jolie yeah . I do . christine they say , if only they have see the license plate , airness . they -- jolie and christine never would have do it . haroon dude , my dad just 911 - ed I . jolie when do you get a pager ?! that be tight , dude . haroon last week . you just have not be around that much . 77 . haroon peel off as the crowd ad-lib excitement . jolie look to the match . we see the fight itself , close up on the television : bowe have golota cornere . a couple of blow be deflect and golota , the lug , clinch bowe in a bear hug . disappointment from the crowd . wendel a sucker move . the crowd roar again , but this time they rush to the window - jostle for a view of the street where : int / ext . muhammad ali' chicken two black kid wrestle on the sidewalk . we see haroon behind they on the pay-phone , watch . the kid fight have jeans that be fall off and one of they have lose a gym shoe . in the window everyone cheer they on , pound the plexiglas . include jolie and christine . above they in the window be two television of the fight , that face the street . in the tv , the boxer and the referee shuffle aimlessly around the ring . the kid on the sidewalk be scrappy ; they grab and stretch at shirt ; neither can escape the other ' grasp . they reach a stalemate , knotted awkwardly and exhaust ; fury replace by heavy breathe ; one have a bloody nose and a huge scratch on the cheek fight kid 1 you rip my polo shit , motherfucker ! you rip my polo shit ! fight kid 2 you scratch my face , nigger ! the crowd watch the stalemate and the cheer and pound mellow , slowly they bore , return to they seat . suddenly on the television there be a whirlwind of action and punch be chaotically throw by both fighter . 78 . the crowd erupt at the television . the kid on the sidewalk remain tangle , breathe hard . on television golota throw a combo of blow below the belt and bowe tumble to the mat . the referee jump and wave furiously at the penalty which he report to the judge in a series of arm wave and animated hand signal . we see the people in the front row at the box match , almost all white , and wear glamorous suit and dress . the patron go berserk . extreme close - up on the replay : golota pound bowe in the nut ; bowe 's face distort in pain . ad-lib excitement from everyone but jolie who be look over at the entrance . jolie ( voice over ) strangely henrietta never show . I should have be relieved , but instead I feel awful . it be like yesterday we be in love and today she do not even care I be with christine . they all look at the tv - golota have win - he arm be raise , he 's the new champion of the box world . ext . blair blazer gymnasium - night the little gravel parking lot be fill to the brim . kid of all shape and size be gather . some carry sign . most be wear red and white . the oppose school kid wear blue . coach dale ( o.s. ) this be what it all come down to . ext . nearby suburban street the street line with car . kid and parent walk in drove . coach dale ( o.s. ) this be where we find out what we be make of . 79 . ext . ticket booth window in gymnasium the line spiral around the corner and down the step . coach dale ( o.s. ) what we have train for , not just this season , but for you senior , the last four year . close on : a ticket tear at the door . one in a long line . int . blazer weight room coach Dale be directly in front of a stand alone chalk board . coach dale ( o.s. ) be it unfair that we draw springbrook in the first round ? yes . random seed be only because the sorry white school complain to the school board about always lose in the first round . when I be young the regular season mean something around here . coach Dale begin diagrame the board . coach dale ( cont 'd ) but that mean nothing now . we gotta go out and play no matter what . we be gonna open in a one - twenty - two . wendel on the ball , pistol on the two . falling back into the half court , we go one - twenty five . force leave . trap and take the throwback . ( suddenly disturbed ) where 's jolie ? assistant coach he 's such a goof ball , man . this be the playoff . where be he at ?! who 's see jolie ?! int . lockerroom shower Three cheerleader drag jolie , with he bandage thumb , to the shower . jolie look genuinely scared . 80 . jolie Ms. Bart . I know you be the cheerlead coach and all , but this really better be important . I be suppose to be in the weight - room by now . cheerlead coach you be injure . and like I say , this be more important than any basketball game . this be life or death jolie . they arrive at the last shower stall - christine on she knee in tear . jolie christine ? jolie step into the shower . the coach leave they alone . christine jolie . I have not have my period in three month . she sob . jolie get on he knee . jolie well , maybe you should get one of that thing and check it out . christine a pregnancy test ? jolie yeah . christine I do . ( she cry ) I be pregnant with you baby . she cry and shiver . beat . jolie no worry . my dad will let I put it on he credit card . trust I . 81 . she cry . suddenly jolie have a face of determination . he unwrap he bandage thumb and throw it on the floor . christine oh God . I be sorry . jolie no . it 's not you fault . I gotta run though . let 's talk about this after the game , ok ? the team need I . christine nod but clearly want to refuse . christine what for ? you be injure anyway . jolie I be ok though . I can play through it . do you understand . I just gotta do this ? christine what ? I just tell you I be pregnant with you baby . do not that mean anything . jolie tonight I be gonna play for you and we baby . jolie kiss she and run off . int . weightroom - moment later jolie sneak in . coach Dale notice . assistant coach jolie ! where the hell have you be !? jolie I get stick with no toilet paper , coach . assistant coach damn man . this be the biggest game of the year . 82. jolie I know . it be not my fault . I gotta be light on my foot . assistant coach you make I sick . coach dale bring it in . jolie my hand be all better . look . jolie take a ball from a assistant coach and pound it show no sign of pain . then palm it in he bad hand . Dale stare at he like he 's a fool . wendel let 's go baby ! bring it in . the coaches exit , and the player quiet down for a quick prayer . teammate hail Mary full of Grace , the lord be with you , bless be you among woman , and bless be the fruit of you womb , Jesus . Holy Mary mother of God , pray for we sinner , now and at the hour of we death . amen . arius domination baby ! domination ! the team snap into game mode form a single file line . the two assistant coaches scramble in with game ball and hand they off to the first and second player in line . jolie ditch he practice ball and file in . the player start clap in rhythm . one . one , two . one . one , two . jolie ( voice over ) that night . I never play . none of we do . because there never be a game . before the open tip even kick it off a fight between school break out in the crowd . some fire a gun twice , and all hell break loose . 83. ext . gymnasium - night all of Wayne Avenue fill with police car . mob of kid and parent and player flee the scene . among they be all the character we know . wendel and wendel mom duck into they old buick . christine 's and christine's mom run for they Lexus . Mr. aaronson and henrietta run for they vw van . haroon' dad and zeke and haroon sneak he off to the gold 80 's Nissan hatchback . jolie and Elliott run and duck behind the red Nissan quest mini van . elliott jolie , be you ok ? jolie yeah . be that gun shot ? elliott I do not know . stay down just in case . from the van , jolie and Elliott see Francisco , arius and hunio all run into the wood among the chaos . int . MAIN office line with window , yield a view to a empty hall . jolie sit , wait ... see christine and a couple other cheerleader , no longer in uniform , pass by . jolie wave and christine hold up both hand as if to say " come on " and continue walk ... suddenly a group of black girl come barrel down the hallway like they be possess . they be follow in drove by other minority . Black girl bounce up and down and cry and paw at each other . Black boy and kid of other race , not quite as ecstatic but still amaze join the celebration . a couple of kid be slam loudly against the window in the excitement . 84 . through the glass jolie can hear : black girl we win ! we win ! we win ! superimpose in the top leave corner in white letter : oj Simpson be just find not guilty . the hallway be grow into total commotion and chaos . jolie walk through the doorway into the hall and the camera follow without a cut . jolie look out of place as he take it all in . the wild scene rage . jolie look back into the main office . Ray come out of principal ganus 's door . his eye red from tear , he curse to himself . principal ganus emerge , acknowledge the commotion in the hallway . principal ganus what the hell be go on out there ? jolie oj Simpson .... not guilt . principal ganus be stone face . he gesture jolie into he office . Ray brushes shoulder with jolie . ray you be dead . principal ganus look who you be step to , Ray . a little white boy ? Ray blow it off . principal ganus ( beat ) jolie . come with I . 85 . int . principal' office principal ganus look . I be not proud of what happen in that gym . surrounded by proud school ornament and paraphernalia . jolie sit alone in a chair , a empty chair adjacent he . principal ganus everyone who be catch fight be be suspend for a minimum of three day . and that include most of the team . but a suspension for you would only tarnish the reputation of the magnet program . so ... principal ganus thumb through a manila envelope . principal ganus you be go to do this school a favor , ( beat ) at the international math meet . he hand jolie a form . principal ganus you be great you freshman year . you calculus teacher tell I you still great , but for some reason you quit . jolie I make jv that year . principal ganus well , there 's go to be no rematch of the springbrook playoff game . both team be forfeiting . so now you have get plenty of time , that 's for damn sure . jolie they be not reschedule we game ? that 's insane . principal ganus the math team need you jolie . we be on the verge of national . ( more ) 86 . principal ganus ( cont would ) this year we settles for nothing less than number one , second to none . ( beat ) in whole number . the principal laugh at he own joke . principal ganus you can go now . stun , jolie grab he bag and head for the door . principal ganus oh , one more thing . you will also join the team for a additional 40 hour of community service , as part of the new " adopt a highway " Program . it 's part of the team punishment . int . balzer high school hallway - day jolie it 's not fair man . I mean everyone get suspend on the team but I . just because I be in the magnet . haroon wake up dude . life 's not fair . who ever say it be . jolie be you sure you wanna do that ? we be in the middle of C hall . haroon I tell you . I do not give a fuck . jolie really ? on Mr. applebaum 's door ? yall have be warring . he 's gonna know it be you . haroon so what ? haroon pull out a spray- paint can and write the word ' thugg life ' over Mr. applebaum 's classroom door and wall . jolie ( soft ) Jesus Christ , man . ( more ) 87 . jolie ( cont 'd ) you just spray paint `thugg life ' on Mr. applebaum 's door . haroon I know . duh . they admire the work for a moment . then run for cover . they burst through a exit and out into the blind light . ext . school zone haroon and jolie run into the teacher ' parking lot ducking between car as they catch they breath . jolie you could get suspend for that . haroon who care ? what do school even matter ? jolie what 's get into you ? haroon I do not know . ( beat ) maybe my parent be get divorced and you do not even know about it . jolie be you serious ? haroon draw the spray can like he 's about to go to work on the car , but jolie fight he for it . haroon gimmie my spray-paint ! owww . fuck you . jolie it 's for you own good . this car belong to principal ganus . they stair each other down . haroon I swear , of all the thing you have to worry about . 88. jolie what 's that suppose to mean . haroon come on dude . jolie come on what ? haroon be you numb ? the whole school know christine be pregnant with you baby . jolie dude . it 's not like that . she 's gonna get a abortion . she come from a wealthy family . haroon so what if she do . do not it mean anything to you ? jolie I do not know . I do not know what it mean . it just happen . jolie ponder the situation . haroon shake he head . jolie pull out a magic marker and begin to write on the car . haroon Magic marker ? that be so lame . do not get I start . haroon pop the top of he spray can and begin to shake it . int . jolie' basement - night lit by a tv , the room could be it 's own apartment . wendel sleep with a Super nintendo controller in he lap , on a futon . arius , codroy and a few kid from the team be asleep all around the room . jolie ( v.o. ) once everyone hear that I get christine pregnant , it be like I be the coolest kid in school . ( more ) 89 . jolie ( cont 'd ) all the kid from the team want to hang at my place while my parent be go . and even some cheerleader come too . christine and jolie make - out , lie on the floor / power pad . jolie ( v.o. , cont . ) I tell they all it be haroon who spray - paint ` free Mike tyson , ' and even he be cool too . haroon , half asleep , sparking the tail end of a blunt . jolie ( v.o. , cont . ) we even smoke a blunt . it be we first time gettng blaze and drunk . soda can , crumb , bag of chip , and other treat and wrapper be scattered around . on the television : the audience laugh wildly at a monkey do sign language on the carson show . johnny carson ( on television ) what 's he say now ? what 's he signing ? the guest interpret . guest ( on television ) he want to say he love you all , and he wish he could hang onto this people a little longer , connect with they a little deeper , before it 's all over . the carson crowd laugh wildly . jolie 's hand slide up christine 's skirt . christine ( whispering ) jolie ! no way . not until you know what . jolie ( whispering ) do not worry . 90 . christine ( whispering ) when ? you have be say you be gonna get you dad 's credit card for like a month . time be of the essence here , duh . jolie ( whispering ) I tell you I be on it . first thing when my parent get back . but this be the best time to do it because we dont have to wear a condom . come on , let 's go upstairs . trust I . he reach back up she skirt . christine ( whispering ) no mean no , jolie . christine push he away . haroon come out of the bathroom . haroon ( whispering ) dude . I be blaze out of my mind right now , but I think someone 's hide in you shower ? jolie ( whispering ) forreal ? haroon ( whispering ) yeah , dude . check it . jolie grab a portable phone , brace himself for battle . int . bathroom jolie who 's there ? henrietta jolie . jolie damn henrietta . you scared the shit out of I . 91 . henrietta how could you ? she open the curtain . jolie what ? what be you do in my basement bathroom ? henrietta I be catch you cheating with christine ! you asshole ! jolie shhh . people be sleep . henrietta do not lie to I . you think I dont know shit . she 's pregnant with you baby . jolie whao . henrietta you think the maple Ave. kid do not hear mad junk about the magnet kid . jolie henrietta , relax . henrietta I know about all that stuff , how y'all hook up during floor hockey intramurals under the trampoline . everything . you think I do not have friend ? I have friend ! henrietta start cry . jolie come on , I know you have friend henrietta . henrietta you think I be a fool ? I watch you make out with she on the power-pad two second ago ! crying , henrietta exit . the basketball team and cheerleader have wake up from the argument , and be now enrapture by the drama . 92 . jolie and haroon look like dear in headlight . christine all this time you have be hook up with some pregnant girl fail out of school . I be so fuck humiliate right now . do not you ever , ever , ever so much as speak to I again . come on girl . christine and three other cheerleader leave the party . wendel damn jolie , all the girl just bounce . arius yea , let 's get out of here . the kid from the team leave and jolie and haroon stand alone . haroon damn man . I better go too . this shit be too fuck up right now . jolie stand all alone . ext . maple ave - night the street sign read maple Ave . it be line with tall apartment building . government housing . Bus stop . and cheap liquor store and sub shop . jolie walk down the street . jolie ( v.o. ) the next day I find out christine have the abortion on she own . she say she ask the doctor to see the fetus . jolie approach one of the apartment building . jolie ( v.o. , cont . ) the doctor say she be not suppose to show it , but do anyway . jolie buzze up to a apartment . 93. int . maple ave apartment - night elevator jolie rise . jolie ( v.o. , cont . ) christine say the dead fetus look like a baby squirrel . like the one that fall out of the nest and be on the sidewalk dead with no fur yet . I guess it go well though . arius' apartment the live room of a small dim one bedroom . sensual r&amp ; B tune play softly from a small radio . jolie ( v.o. , cont . ) after that arius say not to worry about anything . that christine would be cool , and henrietta be just fuck up anyway . a gold cross hang on the fake wood panele with some frame family photo at a summer bar - b- que , a wedding , and the beach . jolie ( v.o. , cont . ) he even invite I back to he place . it be the first time I have ever be to maple ave . four kid from the team be play card around a coffee table for one dollar bill site mostly on a puffy floral pattern couch cover in shinny plastic . jolie ( v.o. , cont . ) everybody play this ghetto version of jin Rummy call ` tunk . ' they all wear addidas flip flop with sock and name brand sweatpant ( hillfiger , nautica , polo , etc . ) . some of the kid have on athletic short on under they sweatpant , 94 . in the background , jolie have a gray ratty hoody on , and be hunch over and old PC computer with arius , a beer- belly , bald black dude who be smoking a cigarette and have no shirt on . wendel jolie , you want in ? everyone else , other than jolie , be also shirtless . the kid have exquisite abs , the kind you see on television . jolie naw . I gotta see this . arius ok . here it go . close on : a arrow click on the play button , but the image stay freeze : a low re picture of a bare ass black man mount miliary style on a black girl . the image move for a brief moment . we hear a grow with half a thrust , and the image freeze again . then it revert to the beginning image . jolie wow . arius yeah . this be the future right here . jolie why wont it go play or whatever ? arius bandwidth . jolie ( confuse ) oh yea . jolie toke a blunt . arius take a last puff and put it out . a little cute six year old girl come out of the bedroom with a sheet of paper and pencil . 95 . cute girl arius . who be the first president of the United States ? arius uh , George Washington . she run back into the bedroom . arius so . that 's what it 's all about . I be a capital venturist man . Internet porn be the future of sexual heal . henrietta be just the first of many . it 's big business . dollar bill man . jolie look on , stone . not sure what to make of it all . ext . the beltway - dawn a six lane highway bank a sharp curve . it 's raining lightly . on the shoulder of the highway be kid from the Blair basketball team pick up trash with poker . they be spread out - a kid every 25 yard or so - and together they extend clear around the curve and out of sight . jolie poke a Coke can . jolie pluck the can off the end metal nail and realize he also stab the tape liner note of mc Hammer 's " please Hammer do not hurt'em . " there be a picture of Hammer on the cover . the coach sit in a nearby van with its light on , park in the shoulder . he sip hot coffee , watch . jolie look closely at the tape insert . it 's a picture of Hammer but someone have scratch out he eye with a pen . and the poker have put a hole through he face . jolie ( voice over ) I be not sure what to make of it all . why henrietta 's parent never know she be pregant until too late ? or why I never say something myself ? it be like none of it really matter , or be even real at all , until it be too late . 96 . close on : a old PC monitor . a picture slowly emerge from a blurry pixilate square of color . jolie ( voice over ) after that I use the internet to find a bunch of place that would take henrietta 's baby up for adoption . it be not easy , but I find all the information right from haroon 's basement , use netscape . the picture of a couple materialize : hopeful parent and they profile . int . haroon' second home - day haroon this couple look good . jolie yeah , yeah , yeah . they be perfect . all I have to do be convince henrietta . haroon be you guy still on good term ? jolie I do not know . we session be in the kitchen now . adreseis enter . adreseis we get the trampoline set-up . come on . they make they way to the back yard . ext . haroon' backyard - day haroon 's brother have set up a trampoline to dunk on a adjustable rim lower to 8 ft . the young brother do a awesome array of dunk . jolie and haroon sit on the side . 97 . jolie ( bummed ) it 's weird , I do not really care if I make the NBA anymore . haroon really ? what do you care about then ? jolie I do not know . haroon 's youngest brother run , bounce , and do a 360 jam . haroon 's dad emerge from the house . haroon' dad good one , adreseis !! haroon turn . haroon' dad I have make some grill cheese ! come and get it ! haroon sweet ! now that Mom move out we always eat american . you wanna eat with we ? jolie I do but there 's something I gotta do . haroon oh yeah . that 's right . well , good luck with it all . int . henrietta's bedroom - day henrietta lie on the bed study . Mr. aaronson enter . mr. aaronson hey henrietta . jolie be here . he bring over a gift . henrietta oh yeah . let he in . 98 . jolie hey . what 's up ? uh. I bring over my Super nintendo . I think the baby might want it . henrietta do jaguar 64 finally come out ? jolie no. come on . I be just try to show you I actually care . Mr. aaronson smile and leave , close the door lightly behind he . jolie hand over the nintendo . jolie and I bring this too . jolie pull a jersey out of a paper bag . henrietta you practice Jersey ! jolie yeah . I be not gonna need it anymore so . henrietta really ? why not ? jolie I be not play next year . I want to focus on my study . henrietta jolie . thank you . ( smell it ) it smell like you . someday little benny will wear it . that 's what I have decide to name he , benny . jolie oh. wow. well . uh , before you name he , I be kinda think maybe we could discuss , uh , henrietta what ? jolie well , ( jolie sit next to she ) ( more ) 99 . jolie ( cont 'd ) I be also think maybe we could talk about the possibility of you give up you baby for adoption ? henrietta jolie . how could you even say that ? I have want a family of my own , a real family , since as long as I can remember . there be no way I could ever give little benny away . ever . in a million year . do you understand that ? jolie well . yeah . I guess so . but at the same time , it just do not seem like the smartest thing . I have already find a really wealthy , well educate , good meaning couple who would like to meet up with you about it . henrietta never . no way jolie . end of discussion . jolie do not you even want to think it over for a few day ? I mean , look how lucky you parent be to have you . you would be make some couple just as happy . and you child would have more opportunity . I mean you be still in High School , know what I mean ? henrietta jolie , I can not even believe you be suggest that ? do you see how racist that be ? jolie what ? jolie be silent . henrietta now do something to cheer I up . I be totally offended you want to give away my baby . jolie sit in silence for a moment , ponder he situation . he stand up and head to the door , demoralize . 100 . then he turn and look at henrietta on the bed . jolie look at she bulg belly , much of it expose . blackness hold credit roll to micheal Jackson 's billy Jean .