" american splendor " by Robert pulcini and shari springer berman production draft fade in : int . harvey bedroom - night a bedroom mirror . the room be dark . a perfectly square mirror hang crooked on a wall . suddenly , out of the darkness , the reflection of a man 's face come into focus . he stare straight ahead , perhaps study he own unrecognizable reflection . it 's quite clear this be a portrait of sickness ; the man 's pallor be gray , he eye be confuse . there be something most definitely wrong . tentatively , the figure step away from the mirror , leave the frame empty and dark . angle on bed like a ghost , the naked man ( harvey ) stand over he bed stare down at he sleep wife ( Joyce ) . in the eerie light , he 's almost translucent . harvey ( faintly ) Joyce ... Joyce ? Joyce spring up , alarmed . joyce what 's wrong , harvey ? what be you do up ? harvey just stand there for a moment say nothing . joyce what be it ? harvey ( delirious , out of breath ) tell I the truth . be I some guy who write about himself in a comic book ? or be I just -- be I just a character in that book ? Joyce rub she eye . joyce harvey ... harvey if I die , will ' that character keep goin ' ? or will he just fade away ... Joyce just stare at he , unsure how to answer . suddenly harvey collapse . Joyce leap from the bed , nervous , hysterical . she get down on the floor and shake he . joyce omigod , harvey ! harvey , wake up ! close on harvey' face his eye remain close , he expression far , far away . fade to black : ext . cleveland row house - fall - 1956 - day fade up on : a surreal kaleidoscope of black , white and red . similar to the mirror scene above , the color slowly come into focus , revealing the chisele feature of a familiar face . but this time we see that it be not a real face , but rather a plastic mask of the D.C. comic hero -- superman . intertitle : cleveland ohio , 1956 close on superman mask it glow eerily in the light of a porch lamp . a child 's pupil glare through the eye hole ... the camera pan from superman to the mask face of another cape - crusader : batman . batman turn toward he loyal sidekick robin , who clutches a plastic , trick - or- treat pumpkin . next , we find the GREEN lantern as he reach up to ring the doorbell . the camera finally rest on the last boy : a unkempt kid wear no costume at all . look irritate and remove from the rest of the group , the kid shove he hand in the pocket of he shearling coat . he spit and roll he eye as a lady answer the door . the brick home be as work class as it get . the lady at the door be a 1950 's housewife . boy ( in unison ) trick or treat !! housewife well , look at this ! all the superhero on the porch ! ai not that cute . the Lady drop a candy apple in each boy 's container . housewife ( still yell ) we get superman here , batman , he sidekick robin , ohh , the Green lantern even ... she finally stop at the costumeless kid . he halfheartedly hold up a ratty , stain pillowcase . housewife and what about you young man ? kid what about what ? the other boy giggle . the kid flash they a " kick yer ass " look . housewife who be you suppose to be ? the kid shrug . kid I be harvey pekar ( pronounce " pee car " ) . housewife harvey pekar ? that do not sound like a super hero to I ... boy ( mumble ) pecker , pecker ... kid I be not no super hero , lady . I be just a kid from the neighborhood , alright ? the housewife stare at he , confuse . kid ahh , forget this ... frustrate , the kid throw he pillowcase down . he trudge off as the other watch in confusion . kid why be everybody so stoopid ? begin nervous jazz score we follow the schlumpy kid ( aka harvey pekar ) as he sulk down the street ... dissolve to : ext . cleveland row house - fall - 1975 - dusk intertitle : cleveland ohio , 1975 a grow - up version of harvey pekar ( now mid-thirty ) stomp along the same Cleveland street . unfortunately , 20 year have make this rust belt neighborhood a bit rustier . the " grown up harvey " don the same shearling coat , sport the same dishevel hair , and wear the same curmudgeonly expression . credit sequence - animated sequence intercut harvey walking with comic book panel of the cartoon harvey in action . this be not you typical super-hero stuff . instead it feature we man engage in such daredevil feat as : int . CITY bus - fall 1975 - day -- Riding the city bus . int . v.a. hospital - day -- work as a file clerk at the veteran 's Hospital . int . harvey' apartment / kitchen - day -- try to wash dish . int . supermarket - day -- wait on line at the supermarket . ext . garage sale - day -- buying use record from a garage sale table . int . greasy spoon diner - day -- eat junk food at a greasy spoon . int . harvey' apartment - day harvey fix a rip in he coat with elmer 's glue . ( note : each " cartoon harvey " look similar but unique ... a variation on a theme . this be because he cartoon be draw by different comic artist . ) intermittently , bold cartoon credit flash across the screen : from off the street of cleveland come ... follow by the explosive title : american splendor the high -energy music and upbeat title -- in direct contrast to the sulk image of harvey -- continue through the remainder of the credit . ext . cleveland STREET overlooking factories - day we be now on harvey be back as he continue he forlorn journey . we move forward , past he , to peer over the hill at the factory below . real harvey ( v.o. ) okay . we be throw a lot at ya here , so lemme step in a ' help ya catch up . this be the story about comic book , a ' a guy who make a whole life outta they . you could even say comic save he life . this guy here , he 's we man , harvey pekar -- all grow up and goin ' nowhere . although he 's a pretty scholarly cat , he never get much of a formal education . for the most part , he 's live in shit neighborhood , hold shit job , and be now knee deep into a second disastrous marriage . so if yer lookin ' for romance or escapism or some fantasy figure to save the day , guess what ? ya get the wrong movie . suddenly everything -- the music , the credit , the image -- come to a halt . CUT to : int . SOUND stage - present - day high definition video documentary footage the real harvey pekar ( not the actor who trudge through the credit ) sit behind a microphone , supplying the " voice over " above . he clutches a movie script in he hand . the frame be spare , with a few well - choose item to indicate that he 's in a recording session . although he be significantly older than the man who portray he , the " Real harvey " be every bit as much of a sad sack ... maybe even more . he be large and slightly threaten with knitted brow and wild eye . yet there be something kind and vulnerable about he -- a teddy bear who could kick you ass . off camera , we hear the voice of the male and female director ( we -- bob and shari ) coach the " Real harvey " through he voice over . harvey 's irritable and contrary , say that the whole Halloween incident never even happen . " but I do not care man . I be just do this for the dough . " we learn that harvey be a reluctant participant in a film be make about he life . suddenly , he third wife joyce brabner -- a intelligent control freak obsessed with all thing negative -- join in the conversation . push back she huge glass , she reprimand harvey like he be a infant : " harvey you be talk too loud , harvey you be be difficult . " harvey just roll he eye . Joyce get offended . it be clear they have have this argument a million time . as Joyce storm off ... harvey explain that he wife be try to take over the movie . he lament that she be he third wife , and he have no luck with woman . " man , chick just do not dig I . " that 's why he marries anyone who will have he . " and I marry they fast before they get to know the real I ... " end high definition video documentary footage CUT to : int . examination room - winter - 1975 - day intertitle : 1975 harvey sit on a table in he T-shirt and underwear . a doctor unwrap a tongue depressor . harvey 's voice be hoarse , raspy and barely audible . it sound like it hurt for he to talk . yet , he can not stop ranting . harvey Doc , you gotta help I . my old lady 's dump I ' cause I can not talk . she say I be a social embarrassment . now that she 's get she phd , she 's some hot shit academic star a ' I be nuthin ' but a file clerk with nothin ' to say a ' no voice to say it . but I bein ' a file clerk be fine when I write the damn check for she tuition -- doctor # 1 harvey , stop talk please , and open wide . he point the tongue depressor at harvey 's mouth but he just keep on go . harvey I just do not get it ... we be doin ' okay for a while . then we take that stupid belate honeymoon . I start losin ' my voice on the plane . can you believe that ... on the plane , doc ? doctor # 1 bad timing , I guess . now please say " ah , " Mr. pekar . harvey " ahhh . " ( without miss a beat ) " ahhh " ruin the trip . I get crazy , start to worry my voice would never come back . I mean , my wife do not know I so long before we get hitched . what if she totally forget what I be like ? man , it 's torture -- doctor # 1 shhh ... the Doctor shine a penlight into harvey 's mouth and look around . doctor # 1 uh-huh . he raise a eyebrow . harvey catch this . hypochondria overtake he . harvey ( the penlight in he mouth ) what ? be it bad , doc ? the Doctor remove the penlight . doctor # 1 it 's not good . harvey jump off the table . harvey it 's cancer ? first I get marital problem and now yer tellin ' I I get throat cancer ? omigod ... doctor # 1 harvey , calm down . it 's not cancer . you have a nodule on you vocal chord . probably from scream and yell too much . and if you do not stop talk and give it a rest , you be gonna lose you voice completely . relieved , harvey calm down . he nod , agree to be good . harvey whew ... okay , okay . but fer how long ? doctor # 1 a few month . harvey ( loudly ) month !! suddenly harvey 's voice crack under he effort to raise it . he sheepishly grab he throat . doctor # 1 see ? more of that and you will do permanent damage . now go home , keep you mouth shut , and hopefully we will not have to operate . operate ? harvey get nervous again . the Doctor throw he he clothing . CUT to : ext . cleveland STREET - winter - 1975 - day a silent sequence . a deject harvey walk home alone along a empty lot . day-old dirty snow cling to the ground . he wander through a down -in- the-heel neighborhood , pass run-down store and ramshackle apartment . ext . bus stop - winter - 1975 - day harvey approach toby -- a dumpy 20 - something go on 60 - something in ridiculous , mismatch polyester clothing . he be odd , awkward and talk with a monotone , robotic voice . in short , he be a super dork . toby hi harvey . you be not in work today . be you okay , harvey ? harvey barely look up . he nod he head " yes " and keep walk . toby ( yell after he ) I be head downtown to the White Castle . wanna come , harvey ? harvey leave Toby behind and turn the corner . ext . deli - winter - 1975 - day two women argue loudly over a payphone . spanish woman # 1 ( in Spanish ) I already tell you , I be wait for a call ! spanish woman # 2 oh yeah ? since when be this you private office ?! spanish woman # 1 since you can kiss my ass . harvey stop in he track and stare at they , jealous of they ability to speak . close up : spanish woman # 1 's mouth harvey ( to himself ) look at them yakkin' . how do they do it ? out of the corner of she eye , woman # 2 notice harvey eavesdropp . woman # 2 ( yell at harvey ) ay , what be you look at ? maricone ! startle , harvey move on . ext . across from a park - winter - 1975 - day he pass a group of kide play in the snow . they scream , yell and laugh with abandon . harvey ( shaking he head ) they all make it seem so easy . then , bam ! harvey be awaken from he reverie by a snowball . the kid laugh loudly . he wipe away the snow and walk on . a voice over interrupt the scene . real harvey ( v.o. ) here 's we man walk home from the doctor 's . he 's get the weight of the world on he . and fer what , really ? ' Cause he throat 's a little screwy ? man , people in India be starvin ' to death every day . his problem be nothin ' . CUT to : ext . bridge over train track - day totally deject , harvey cross over train track on he way home . real harvey ( v.o. ) still , he can not help feelin ' paranoid , like some supernatural force be conspire against he to rob he of he voice . ext . harvey' apartment - winter - 1975 - day harvey sulk up the step of he brick low-rise apartment building . he pass a elderly neighbor come down the walk with she shopping cart . harvey unlock the door . real harvey ( v.o. ) maybe he old lady will go easy on he today , when she see how upset he be . int . harvey' live room - winter - 1975 - day harvey 's second wife lana -- a hippyish chic with long hair and a bad attitude -- pull book off a shelf and selectively throw they onto the floor or pack they into a milk crate . a overstuff suitcase sit beside she . she 's obviously leave he . harvey enter the room . harvey ( whisper ) ay ... what be this ? harvey 's voice break up . lana exactly what it look like . harvey ( loud ) whattya mean !! you mean yer dumpin ' I ?! fer what ? ( he voice really rip ) ah , shit ! that last yell do it . harvey grab throat in pain , tear between he throat discomfort and try to stop he wife from leave . lana look , you plebeian lifestyle be not work for I anymore . Cleveland 's not work for I anymore . I gotta get out of here before I kill myself . harvey but -- she gather she bag and head for the door . harvey trail she , try to reason . he open he mouth , but nothing come out . harvey ( mouth , just a wheeze ) please ! wait , honey ... just listen to what I get to say ... she turn and stare at he . harvey try to say something . but now nothing at all come out of he mouth . only wheeze air . he try again . no sound at all . finally lana give up , turn back towards the door and leave . slam !! CUT to : int . v.a. hospital - 1975 - day at he cubicle in the file room , harvey fill a cart with file . he 's physically at work , but mentally in a daze . real harvey ( v.o. ) here 's we man -- yeah alright , here 's I -- or the guy playin ' I , anyway , though he do not look nothin ' like I , but whatever . so it 's a few month later a ' I be workin ' my flunky , file - clerk gig at the v.a. Hospital . my voice still be not back yet . thing seem like they can not get any worse ... a nurse pop she head in . harvey hand she a file . nurse thank you , harvey dear . he do not hear she , still stewing about lana . he shove the last file in the cart and push it away . harvey ( to himself ) plebeian ... where the hell do she get that shit ? CUT to : int . file room -- a few moment later we see row and row of endless file ... still in a daze , harvey remove the file from the cart and put they on the shelf . mr. boat ( o.s. ) avoid the reek herd ! shun the pollute flock ! live like that stoic bird , the eagle of the rock ! harvey turn around . Mr. boat -- a portly , African - american maintenance worker wear a bow-tie -- step into harvey 's row . he have a tool box . harvey huh ? oh. hiya , Mr. boat . harvey resume shelving . boat you know what that mean , son ? harvey yeah . it 's from a elinor hoyt wylie poem . it mean stay away from the crowd of common ordinary people a ' do yer own thing . Mr. boat laugh . boat nope , it mean do not compromise yourself for woman . ai not gonna do you no good ! get away from them as soon as you can ! harvey well I be not get no woman now . so I be live like the stoic bird , man . mr. boat the only way to live , son . somehow this do not make harvey feel any better about he life . int . hospital hallway -- day harvey carry a armful of file . Mr. boat still trail he , lug he tool box . suddenly , Mr. boat point out a young African - american file clerk wear a pair of big headphone on he afro . he move as if he 's listen to music . mr. boat look at that fool over there . what 's he wear ? harvey huh ? that 's a a.m.-f.m. radio he 's listen to ... they get them fix up now like a pair of earmuff . mr. boat ( inappropriately angere ) mmph ! be not that something ! people have go crazy . they will buy any kinda junk ! probably listen to that loud rock stuff . junk , junk , it 's all junk ! harvey well , I do not know . rock music 's get some good quality . I mean it be not jazz or nothin ' . Mr. boat look at he like he 's crazy . mr. boat say , when you gonna bring I in some good record ? some nat " King " Cole with string ... harvey I do not get any of that , Mr. boat ... Mr. boat stop and yell down the hall at harvey . mr. boat yeah , you get it ... you be keepin ' it at home , though ! you will not turn loose the good stuff ... you just sell the junk ! harvey shake he head as Mr. boat finish he diatribe . Mr. boat turn into a room . mr. boat ( sing ) mona Lisa , mona Lisa . Men have name you . CUT to : int . SOUND stage - present - day high definition video documentary footage harvey sit on outdoor furniture . a few prop be feature in the frame indicate a garage - sale - like set ( include a record player ) . directly in front of harvey be box of use record . harvey show we he prodigious record collection . thousands of lp 's -- rare jazz , blue , fusion , klezmer , etc . -- be pile in floor - to- ceiling bookcase . he tell we about he love of jazz and how he start write jazz review and music article . he find the first record that he review and put it on he turntable . as the music play ... harvey talk about how he start buy and sell record . this lead into how he first meet ROBERT crumb . dissolve to : ext . cleveland garage sale - fall - 1962 - day intertitle : 1962 harvey ( a little more hair but the exact same style ) and a bunch of he buddy sift through old record at a junk sale . real harvey ( v.o. ) in the early sixty I be with some buddy at a junk sale look for some choice side when I meet this shy , retire cat from Philadelphia name Bob crumb . you know the guy ; fritz the cat , Mr. Natural a ' all -- they make a movie about he , too . one of harvey 's pal -- marty -- pull a record out of a box . marty c'mon , harv . you dig jay mcshann . you gonna buy that or what ? harvey jump up from he search to check out the lp . harvey I do not know , marty . it 's get a lamination crack in it ... ( check out the price ) a quarter . maybe I can get he down . marty you be one cheap bastard harvey . harvey yeah , I know I be tight , man , but I live on a government wage . a skinny guy with a big nose , glass and a ratty trench coat tap harvey on the shoulder . he be soft -spoken , a bit shy and very odd -- a young ROBERT crumb . crumb you collect jay mcshann , man ? harvey yeah , man . how ' bout you ? crumb yeah but most of my record be back in Philly . a greaser - type guy in a leather jacket , pahl , join they . pahl harv , meet my buddy Bob crumb . he just move to town . he 's a artist at american greeting Card company . harvey that 's cool . pahl you should see he comic , harv . they be outta sight . harvey ( interested ) yeah ? I be into comic myself . dissolve to : int . harvey' live room - fall - 1962 - day a dishevel mess that give new meaning to the term bachelor pad . record and book be strewn everywhere . real harvey ( v.o. ) so crumb show I this comic book novel he be work on -- the big yum yum book . I would never see anything like it . harvey march back and forth hold crumb 's illustrate comic novel . crumb sit on the floor nursing a beer and sorting through vintage comic book . harvey 's burst with so much enthusiasm , it 's almost aggressive . harvey it 's terrific , man ! I really dig you work . crumb ignore harvey 's praise . crumb ( hold up a vintage comic ) this peter wheat book be by Walt Kelly ... it 's pretty rare . harvey yeah ? can I get good bread for it ? crumb Nah ! not yet . harvey flop down in a overstuff chair . stuff fly out . he sip he beer . harvey listen man , let 's get back to you book . what be you gonna do with it ? crumb ( look up ) I have not think about it . it 's just a exercise . harvey flip through the book . harvey it 's more than a exercise . it 's break ground , man . there 's some wild shit in here . crumb be immune to harvey 's enthusiasm . crumb you be spitting on I , harvey . CUT to : int . harvey' live room - fall - 1962 - later crumb lie on the couch sketching while harvey read more of the yum yum book . a scratchy jazz record play . real harvey ( v.o. ) crumb and I hang out a lot back then . we have record and comic in common . angle on crumb' drawing we see crumb be actually sketching harvey , slump in a chair read a book . crumb make harvey look like a smelly , sweaty madman with ratty clothing . crumb hold the sketch of harvey up to show he . crumb ( laugh ) check it out , man . pretty scary . harvey glance up at he portrait , completely unselfconscious . harvey yeah , ya do not know the half of it . harvey go back to read . crumb back to sketching . real harvey ( v.o. ) eventually people get hip to crumb 's art work and he start hangin ' out with a bohemian crowd . after a while , he get sick of greeting card and move away to San Francisco where he get the whole underground comic scene off the ground . crumb slowly evaporate from the room , leave harvey totally alone . angle on 45 record spinning and spinning real harvey ( v.o. ) he would come back to Cleveland every few year , a ' people would treat he like a celebrity . the record spin and spin ... end flashback dissolve to : ext . bus stop - 1975 - day another R. crumb drawing of harvey ( now circa 1975 ) on a sketch pad we see a derange , torment harvey sit alone on a park bench . he pull at he hair , and look as though he may murder the next person who walk by . intertitle : back to 1975 as the pencil add shading to harvey 's face , we hear : real harvey ( v.o. ) once he come to visit when I be really feelin ' bad . it be right around the time of my throat operation , a ' right after my second wife leave I . at first it be pretty weird . I mean , here my life be fall apart a ' everything be go great for he . I be on my second divorce a ' he be a big hit with the chick . I be a nothin ' file clerk and he be this famous cartoonist . harvey and R. crumb sit on a park bench together by a bus stop . a distraught harvey whine while crumb just sketches . harvey 's voice be still raspy . harvey I dunno , man . on the one hand most woman gettin ' graduate degree would not give a guy like I the time a ' day . a ' she marry I a ' everything , so I gotta give she some kinda credit . but then she get so mean to I in the end . a ' it be not like I try t'keep she captive or anything like that , y'know ? crumb may or may not be listen to harvey . it 's hard to tell . harvey a ' then on top of it I lose my voice for three month . I still sound like shit , but before I have nothin' . man , talk about hell . I start forgettin ' what I sound like , y'know ? so I start writin ' stuff down -- storey a ' thing , my point a ' view , idea . I even publish a couple jazz record review . I guess that end up bein ' a good thing . crumb uh-huh . harvey but do not think I buy into this " growth " crap . everybody talk about how bad experience can cause ya t'grow , a ' all that clichéd stuff . I have have enough bad experience and growth to last I plenty . ( a beat ) right now , I would be glad to trade some growth for happiness . for a moment , they both just sit there say nothing to each other , each man in he own private universe . finally harvey look over to crumb . harvey so how long be ya stayin ' in Cleveland ? crumb never look up from he picture . crumb I dunno , man . I gotta go visit this chick in New York . and I be really busy with the comic book stuff . it 's good bread and all man but I be get feed up with the whole scene . harvey what be ya talkin ' about ? yer makin ' a good live doin ' yer art ? sheesh . how many guy get that lucky in they life , huh ? crumb yeah , I dunno . harvey ya know man , people be startin ' to know the name " crumb . " when you croak you be gonna leave something behind . crumb yeah , my ash and some crappy doodle . it 's not like I be blind lemon jefferson or Big mama thornton . harvey c'mon , man . it sure beat workin ' a gig like mine -- be a nobody flunky and sellin ' record on the side for a buck . crumb yeah , well that 's true ... harvey nod in agreement , mull this over . he 's not at all offended . CUT to : int . v.a. hospital - 1975 - day close on a file drawer marked : " recently deceased . " a hand reach into the frame and open the drawer . by rote , harvey fumble with a large stack of " expire patient " file . he place each into the appropriate alphabetical " decease " drawer . attempt to grab another batch , harvey accidentally knock the entire pile onto the floor . harvey damn it ! he crouch down to survey the mess -- a collage of " expire life " laid out before he eye . we move past dozen of anonymous name -- William Anderson , Louis Collins , Mark d'amico , tyrone Moore , Franklin Ray , etc ... each file have a red " decease " stamp . depress , harvey be transfix by the file surround he on the floor . suddenly he stop and pick one up . angle on folder : it be mark , " charlie marshall . " he open the folder and read the stat ... bear : 1920 in Cleveland die : 1920 in Cleveland occupation : clerk angle on harvey : he swallow hard as he read about Charlie 's small , invisible and now vanish life ... he toss the folder back onto the pile . CUT to : int . harvey' apartment - 1975 - morning close on : two stick figure in a empty frame harvey sit at a table with a pen in hand and a blank sheet of paper in front of he . nothing seem to come to he . he flip through a pile of comic book -- everything from D.C. comic Super heroes to underground work such as crumb 's Mr. Natural and Zap comix . no inspiration . harvey throw they down in frustration . harvey I be starvin ' . CUT to : int . supermarket - 1975 - day harvey push a cart through the cramped aisle of a crowded supermarket . he pull a few can of beef -a- roni off the shelf and head off to pay . reaching the check - out area , he evaluate the situation . angle on check -out counter : there be three line to choose from . two of the counter have long wait . the third be much short but there be a old jewish lady next in line . suddenly , the screen split in two : the left side of the frame remain harvey at the supermarket deliberate over the check - out line . however , the right side of the frame now contain a crumb style comic panel depict the exact same scenario . a bubble appear over cartoon harvey be head revealing he thought . it read : " pickin ' the right check - out line be a art ... there 's a lot of thing you gotta consider . " on the left side of the frame ... harvey decide to get behind the Old Lady . meanwhile on the right hand side of the frame ... cartoon harvey stand behind the Old Lady . a new bubble read : " it may be the shortest line but I be takin ' a chance ' cause she 's a Old jewish Lady . " back to the left side of the frame ... the cashier ring up the Old Lady 's purchase -- a few kitchen glass . old jewish lady ( yiddish accent ) listen , goily , dese glass be six for $ 2.00 because I could not carry twelf ... but I vant twelf so today I be buy six more ... but you should only charge I $ 1.50 for dem ... it 's ok , you can esk de meneger . harvey roll he eye and stamp he foot impatiently . he know he 's in trouble now . cashier ( yell ) Frank ! I need a price check . suddenly , the right side of the screen become fully animated ... instead of still comic panel with balloon , the cartoon harvey now rant directly into the camera . cartoon harvey man , Old jewish lady will argue forever with a cashier about anything . get behind they in a line a ' yer gonna wait forever ! the human harvey seem oblivious to he cartoon replica . he impatiently lean on he cart , wait and seethe . cartoon harvey I mean , I be a yid myself , an' the woman in my family be like that ... but I never get use to it ... I may be cheap , but I get limit ! on the left hand side of the screen ... the manager finally arrive . the Old Lady haggle with he , too . old jewish lady please . let I ' splain von more time . meanwhile on the right hand side ... the cartoon harvey turn to address the human harvey , who actually look he in the eye . it now seem human harvey can actually hear he cartoon alter ego . cartoon harvey wake up ! you be whole life 's gettin ' eat away by this kinda crap ! what kind of existence be this ? be this all a workin ' stiff like you can expect ? ya gonna suffer in silence fer the rest a ' yer life ?! or ya gonna make a mark . huh ? huh ? in a instant , the cartoon harvey disappear and the live action scene take over the whole frame . suddenly motivate by a odd notion , harvey abandon he grocery cart and run out of the supermarket . CUT to : int . harvey' kitchen -- night burst with idea , harvey ( wear he undershirt and boxer ) start story - board he first comic with stick figure . dissolve to : int . harvey' kitchen - 1975 - morning a bleary - eye harvey , still clad in a undershirt and boxer , doze off over a bowl of corn flake . on the table next to some spill milk be a stack of papers cover with scribbling . he clearly have be slave over this work all night . angle on paper : at the top be a quickly scribble title , " stand behind Old jewish lady in supermarket line . " this be ad hoc version of a comic book . the page be divide like a tick - tack - toe board . each square be fill with crude stick figure drawing and lot of write . a alarm clock go off . harvey 's eye fly open . harvey shit. work . harvey yawn , then notice the pile of papers . he peruse they , proud of he work . he get up and look out the window . I /e. harvey' apartment - harvey' Pov - 1975 - morning it be yet another grey day in Cleveland . the neighborhood be run-down . garbage be strewn everywhere . the follow scene unfold through the window : two unsightly worker lug a old , smelly mattress from a garage towards the garbage can on the curb . they conversation be distant , but entirely audible . mattress guy # 1 so how smart be she ? mattress guy # 2 I dunno . I guess she 's about average . mattress guy # 1 average ? hey , man . average be dumb ! they drop the mattress in place . with the window frame this guy , the scene freeze , look just like a comic book panel . int . harvey' apartment - day harvey turn around from the scene and ponder it . he move back towards he pile of stick - figure drawing . close on paper harvey scribbles the word " american splendor " at the top of the page . CUT to : int . cleveland diner - 1975 - day the follow scene be shot through the restaurant window . we see reflection of people walk by . a tense harvey start at crumb as he eat a burger and read harvey 's mock -up . harvey do not touch he burger deluxe and nervously talk in he laryngitis- afflict voice . harvey see , ever since I read you stuff , man I have be think I could write comic book storey that be different from anything be do . crumb ( munch on a fry ) uh-huh . harvey I be thinkin' , the guy who do animal comic and super-hero stuff be really limited ' cause they gotta try to appeal to kid . and underground comic like yours have be really subversive or open thing up politically . but there be still plenty more to be do with them , too , y'know ? crumb pass I the ketchup ? harvey I mean with picture and word , it could be more of a art form . like that french movie be . or De sica over in Italy , y'know ?... so I try writin ' some thing about real life . stuff the everyman 's gotta deal with . crumb finally look up from harvey 's work . crumb this be about you . harvey er , yeah ... crumb you turn yourself into a comic hero ? harvey sorta , yeah . but no idealize shit . no phony bullshit . the real thing , y'know ? ordinary life be pretty complex stuff . crumb read more . harvey wait anxiously . finally crumb start to chuckle . crumb this be really good , harv . harvey ( insecure ) really ? ya think so ? crumb shuffles through more . crumb yeah . this be great stuff , man . I dig it . can I take they home and illustrate they ? harvey be practically burst . harvey wow !! harvey 's voice break like a kid in puberty . he clear he throat . and something miraculous happen ... when harvey open he mouth to speak he laryngitis be gone ! harvey you would do that for I , man ? that would be great ! I can not draw a straight line ! crumb hey , what 's up with you voice , harv ? all of a sudden it sound fine . harvey ( thrilled ) I do not know , man ! I guess you cure I ! int . v.a. hospital - snack room hallway - day harvey bound towards the snack room where a group of hospital worker and patient hang out . he bang on the window to get they attention . when they look up , harvey wave a comic book in the air . dissolve to : int . v.a. hospital - snack room - day a glossy , full - color comic book featuring the two mattress guy : scrawle across the top in big red letter read , " american splendor . vol . # 1 " a man 's finger point to the word , " all story by harvey pekar . Art by R. crumb . " the comic book sit atop a table in the dreary snack room . a crowd of hospital worker , patient , doctor , maintenance worker , etc. ( under ten total ) gather around a proud harvey who show off he work . for the first time , he seem almost happy . harvey ( beam ) see that ? all storey by yours truly . a WWII vet patient with a portable iv crane to get a glimpse . ww ii vet patient hot off the press , huh ? we get a regular hemingway here . harvey no way , Jack , I do not go in for that macho crap . doctor # 3 chime in . doctor # 3 I do not know you could draw , pekar . harvey Nah ! I do not draw . I just write the storey . a buddy of mine and some of he friend do the art work . toby , the supernerd from the bus stop , grab the comic book off the table and peruse it . toby harvey , be I in here ? you promise I would be in here . harvey yeah ! yeah ! you be in there , alright ? jeez , Toby . suddenly , mr . boat -- harvey 's philosophical co-worker -- push he way thorough the crowd . he snatch the comic out of Toby 's hand . mr. boat let I see this . toby Mr. boat , it 's not polite to grab thing . next time -- mr. boat Son , you do good . ya know , I be up in Toronto a few week back a ' I see the Red chinese ballet ... as Mr. boat talk , the crowd start to disperse . mr. boat now that be beautiful . the way that people be dance together . that chinese work hard . I tell ya , they work hard -- where be everybody goin ' ? Mr. boat hand the comic book back to harvey and turn on he heel . through the window he notice two vets in wheelchair move down the hall . mr. boat where this sickly man rushin ' off to ? they be not goin ' nowhere for now . maybe not for a long time . but damn if they be not in a rush to get there . harvey stand there , he moment of glory pass . but it 's okay . he flip through he comic and smile . CUT to : ext . STREET corner - assoc . of polish women - 1975 - day a motley group of guy hang out on a street corner in front of the Association of Polish woman . harvey head towards they . marty hey look guy , here come Captain America . harvey roll he eye . pahl ( yell out ) you gonna hang with the boy now that yer a comic book star ? harvey turn red . he 's embarrassed but part of he love the attention . harvey cut it out . man , I be not nothin ' yet compare to Bob crumb . guy # 3 ah , listen to he . one lousy comic book and he want to be crumb . the guy laugh . angle on silent guy a silent guy crouch by the wall , read he cleveland browns trading card . pahl hey harvey , if ya wanna make comic for adult , ya oughtta put some dirty stuff in it . guy # 3 yeah , you can write about marty 's sex life . harvey hang with the guy but he do not engage . he seem to be observe they more than interact with they . guy # 3 right marty ? I hear ya go out with bonnie yesterday . pahl yeah . howdja do ? wudja git offa she ? marty ah , lousy . all 's I get wuz armaround . the guy all stare at he for a moment . then they crack up . CUT to : int . SOUND stage - present - day high definition video documentary footage close up : a copy of american splendor # 2 : a full -color cartoon version of the above scene grace the cover . a marty look -alike be bombard with question about he date with bonnie . he complain that all he get be " arm - around . " the real harvey hold the above comic book in he hand . the stage be set with a few item that indicate a comic book store . harvey talk about a couple of " american splendor " issue and how they impact he life -- recognition as a writer , etc . he give he philosophy about the comic book , etc . a montage of american splendor cover ( issue # 3 , # 4 , # 5 , # 6 , etc . ) they indicate a passage of time ... CUT to : int . harvey' cubicle - v.a. hospital - 1980 be - day harvey sit alone in he cubicle . he doodle stick figure on a pad -- some idea for a new comic . his posture 's miserable . he rub he temple like he 's in anguish . real harvey ( v.o. ) here 's we man eight comic later , a brand new decade , same old bullshit . yeah sure , he get lot of recognition for he writin ' now . sure he comic be praise by all the important media type tellin ' people what to think . but so what ? it 's not like he make a livin ' at it like Bob crumb . he can not go a ' quit he day job or nothin ' . jump CUT sequence several shot of harvey just think , scratch he face with a pencil , tapping he foot nervously . each shot be separate by a second or two of black ( a homage to harvey 's wordless panel ) . finally , he go back to write . real harvey ( v.o. ) who be I kiddin' . Truth be I would be lose without my work routine . flash CUT to : int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - night alone in bed , harvey wake up in a cold sweat from a nightmare . he look horrify , short of breath . harvey ( calming himself down ) I get a job ... I get a job ... back to : int . harvey' cubicle - v.a. hospital - 1980 be - day harvey scratch he head . close up on he doodling harvey write " I get a job " in a balloon over the stick figure 's head . real harvey ( v.o. ) so -- to stave off desperation and feeling of uselessness -- I resign myself to a menial existence . but hey , maybe the guy who 's have a happy life feel worse just before he die than th ' guy who have a sad one . or , maybe not . I dunno . maybe I just need a woman . Toby come in , deck out in plaid and stripe . he have a empty messenger bag . toby hi , harvey . do you want this gourmet jelly bean ? I give up sweet for leat . harvey turn around . he seem down , depressed . harvey huh ? sure , I will take them . Toby watch harvey eat a few . harvey hey , watermelon . that 's pretty good . toby I recommend the piña coladas . they be excellent and very authentic taste . Toby head down a file row and proceed to take a few off the shelf , stuff he bag . harvey get up and come after he . harvey hey Toby , can you eat lentil during leat ? toby sure . I do not see why not . you can not eat meat on certain day , but lentil should be acceptable anytime . harvey ya think there 's any connection between lentil and leat ? toby I do not think so but I will ask sister Mary Fred at church on Sunday . harvey sister Mary Fred , huh ? be she cute ? sound kinda mannish but who be I to be picky . toby harvey , you be funny . she 's a nun . harvey so what ? maybe she become a nun because she could not get a guy . toby harvey , she become a nun because she have a higher call . harvey Higher call . that be such a crock of shit . I do not know why you waste you time prayin ' anyway . toby well , harvey , I like the ritual . and I be a very spiritual person . you know , you should try believe in something bigger than yourself . it might cheer you up . Toby turn on he heel and walk off . harvey ( call after he ) what ? do I seem depressed , Toby ? Toby do not respond . harvey shrug and dig deep into the jelly bean bag . he pull out a fistful . close on harvey' hand jellybean in every imaginable color . harvey finger a few and then pick a blue one . bob the director ( v.o. ) cut ! CUT to : int . v.a. hospital " set " - present - day high definition video documentary footage a few item from the previous scene be present on the sound stage indicate that it 's a set of american splendor -- the Movie . the actor harvey stand alone , he hand fill with jelly bean . bob the director okay , that be great . the bakery scene be next ... actor harvey step out of the frame , revealing a craft service table behind he . at the table , the real harvey and the real toby load up on donut . the two discuss the food on the set . ironically , the Real Toby be actually more extreme than the actor who play he -- even more robotic , and completely incapable of eye-contact . the real toby discuss the finer point of nerdom and evaluate the actor 's nerd quotient . the Real harvey explain to actor Toby that nothing -- not even gourmet jelly bean -- would have cheer he up at that point in he life . he be too lonely and depressed . end high definition video documentary footage CUT to : int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - morning Light pour through the curtain window . nake and dishevel , harvey toss and turn in bed . real harvey ( v.o. ) my loneliness be unbearable , man . weekend be the worst . sometimes in my sleep , I would feel a body next to I like a amputee feel a phantom limb . ext . pedestrian bridge -- day extreme wide shot : a city -street overpass span across the entire frame . the lone figure of harvey sulk there in the middle , watch traffic pass below . real harvey ( v.o. ) sure my comic be bringin ' I notoriety , but my personal life be in shamble . I think a little attention would make I feel better . it only make I feel worse . CUT to : ext . bakery side STREET - spring - 1980 be - morning it be a beautiful , sunny day . the tree be in bloom . there 's the first scent of spring in the air . kid play in the street . Music pour out of pass car . everyone seem to have a smile on he or she face except harvey . he walk on the shadowy side of the street . ext . bakery STREET - spring establish shot of harvey trudging into the bakery . int . bakery - spring - 1980 be - morning a couple of women order bread and cookie from two counter girl . harvey survey the donut . counter girl # 1 ( yell to harvey ) next ! harvey ( to the counter girl ) yeah ! I will have two cruller , a jelly do nut with powder sugar ... and you get any " day old bread " ? a woman with attractive irish look brushes past harvey on she way to the door . this be alice quinn , roughly harvey 's age but there be a tired , weary look in she eye . alice hey , you be harvey pekar . half in a daze , harvey stare at the chick . harvey yeah ... alice Alice quinn . from school . harvey study she face . suddenly , it click . harvey oh yeah . College . we have a couple light class together . harvey pay and receive he item . they step back towards the door . alice what happen to you ? you just disappear after one semester . harvey scratch he armpit . harvey I know , man . I get good grade and all but there be this require math class . I can not do math , a ' that require class hangin ' over my head make I crazy . eventually the pressure get to be too much . alice well , you be do okay anyway . I hear all about you jazz review and you comic . this perk harvey up . harvey ya do ? alice sure , you be famous . meanwhile I get my degree but I be just a plain old wife and mother . harvey stare at she wedding ring . his face drop . harvey yeah . I be not do as great as ya think . my second wife divorced I and I work at a dead end job as a file clerk . sometimes I hang out with the guy on the corner but most of the time I just stay home by myself and read . Alice laugh . alice you be luckier than you think . my husband and kid make it impossible for I to cuddle up with a good book . CUT to : ext . bakery - spring - 1980 be - day harvey and alice continue they conversation as they stroll towards she car . harvey I be read this book by dreiser now -- jennie gerhardt . alice that 's one of my favorite . harvey I hope it do not end like so many a' that naturalist novel ... with someone get crush to earth by force he can not control . Alice smile . alice I think you will be pleasantly surprised . it 's certainly not a Hollywood happy end , but it 's pretty truthful . which be rare this day ... this hit home with harvey . he can not believe he 's make such a connection with this woman . Alice stop in front of a beat - up station wagon . alice this be I . harvey Nice car . I do not have one yet . alice can I give ya a lift somewhere ? harvey Nah . it 's a nice day . I will just walk . harvey look down , a little sad . alice well , we should have you over sometime for dinner . harvey sure , I would be glad t'come . but if you really wanna do I a favor , introduce I to some a' you single girlfriend . I bet they be all smart like you . I be no catch , though , so I will take anything you can get I . Alice peck harvey on the cheek . alice I will work on it . she get into the car . alice Nice see ya harvey . harvey watch as she drive off . real harvey ( v.o. ) when I get home , I finish read jennie gerhardt . it be real good , way better than I expect . that Alice wuz right . int . harvey' live room - spring - 1980 be - night the room be moody , dark and lonely . the shadowy figure of harvey sit on the floor devour jennie gerhardt . real harvey ( v.o. ) sure lester -- the main character -- croak in the end , but at least he 's old and die a natural dignify death . the camera travel around the room to find : harvey again , now silhouett in the door frame , still clutching the book and obsessed by he thought . real harvey ( v.o. ) I be more alone that weekend than any . all I do be think about jennie gerhardt an' Alice quinn a ' all the decade of people I have know . the camera travel again to find harvey sit on a chair in the corner of he room . his head be bow . his shoulder slump over , as if he 's struggle with something weighty . real harvey ( v.o. ) the more I think , the more I feel like cryin ' ; life seem so sweet a ' so sad a ' so hard t'let go of in the end . the camera travel a final time to find : harvey sprawle across he couch . but he 's not asleep ; he 's still obsess . the book lie on he chest like a lover . close up of harvey 's troubled face . beneath the pain , we see hope and determination . real harvey ( v.o. ) but hey , man . every day 's a brand new deal , right ? just keep on workin ' and sump and 's bound to turn up . CUT to : ext . cosmic comic store - delaware - 1980 be - day a urban comic book shop on a dicey but bohemian street . a title over picture read , " meanwhile , in delaware . " int . cosmic comic store - 1980 be - day joyce brabner , a depressive nudge with a perpetually peptic expression frantically search the store for something . her partner , a granola type name rand , finish unload a stack on the shelf . joyce what happen to the new american splendor ? rand we sell them , babe . joyce all of they ? rand yep . joyce ( accusatory ) damn it ! I put one aside for myself , next to the register . I do not even get a chance to read it . rand whoa , sorry , Joyce . I do not know you be such a splendor fan . next time take it home . Joyce lean against the counter . she push up she glass and look really upset . joyce maybe I will call the publisher . but they take so damn long . shit ! why do everything in my life have to be such a complicated disaster ... Joyce start slamm thing around the store . finally rand grab he stuff . rand okay , I be gonna hustle before the vibe in here get any worse . rand leave . Joyce barely notice , still brewing . CUT to : int . joyce's bedroom - 1980 be - night the mess in this room rival harvey 's . a few cat add to the clutter . Joyce lie on she dishevel bed and write a letter . joyce ( v.o. ) greeting from the second smallest state in the union , a endless plastic and nylon plantation control by giant chemical corporation . CUT to : ext . harvey' apartment - vestibule - 1980 be - day harvey take he mail out of the box . he find a oddly decorate envelope . joyce ( v.o. ) to make matter more dismal , there be no decent comic book store in my town , which be why my partner and I open one ourselves . int . harvey' bathroom - 1980 be - day harvey finish read the letter sit on the toilet . a cat run around he . joyce ( v.o. ) despite we steadily falter business , my partner manage to sell the last copy of american splendor # 8 out from under I . I be a big fan and I hate to wait for a new order . be there any way I can get it from you direct ? sincerely , Joyce brabner . harvey scratch he head . he mutter to himself . harvey ...man , she 's get good lookin ' handwritin ' ... int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - night begin montage -- harvey and joyce communicating we see harvey in he bed write . harvey dear Joyce , thanks for the letter . whattya do besides sellin ' comic ? the screen split to accommodate : int . delaware prison classroom - 1980 be - day we see Joyce stand in front of a group of prisoner . joyce ( v.o. ) I be a sometime activist and I teach write to prisoner . I try to help they build a interior life and make art out of they monotonous , suffocating routine . the screen give way to another frame int . bus - 1980 be - day harvey scribbles a letter while riding on the bus . harvey ( v.o. ) sound familiar . so you marry or what ? int . joyce's apartment - 1980 be - day Joyce empty she can of cat food in a plate and slide it towards she kitty . joyce ( v.o. ) I be divorced , thank god . int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - evening now we see harvey ( full screen ) in bed in he underwear talk on the phone . he 's clipping he toe nail . harvey look , I think you a ' I get a lot in common . how be I gonna get you to come visit I in Cleveland ? joyce ( v.o. ) Cleveland ? you think that 's a good idea ? harvey it 's a great idea . you should meet I , ' cause I be a great guy . despite the way my comic read , I get a lot of redeem characteristic . clip ! he clip off a big one . the screen split to reveal int . joyce's apartment - 1980 be - night Joyce sit on she equally dishevel bed dunking a tea bag . her hair be wet from a shower . joyce I do not know . where would I stay ? harvey ( v.o. ) with I . do not worry , I be not gonna put no move on you or anything . joyce I be not worried about that ... ( fumble with a tea cup ) hold on , I just spill chamomile tea all over my bathrobe . harvey ( v.o. ) so what be ya worried about then ? Joyce sigh and lie down . a variety of american splendor be across she bed . different interpretation of harvey stare up at she . joyce ( sip ) well , the way all that different artist draw you , I do not quite know what to expect . I mean sometimes you look like a young brando , but then the way crumb draw you -- like a hairy ape with all that stinky , wavy line radiating off you body -- it 's kind of scary . harvey ( v.o. ) that be motion line . I be a active guy . anyway , just come out here a ' I will try to be anyone you want I to be . Joyce smile for the first time . joyce that 's a dangerous offer . I be a notorious reformer ... CUT to : int . airport - arrival gate - 1980 be - day a nervous joyce walk off the plane into the arrival area . she scan the crowd of friend , family , lover and limo driver wait to meet the disembark passenger . where be harvey ? what will he look like ? as Joyce survey the unfamiliar face , she imagine different version of a animated , illustrate harvey among the people . she double - take as see the R. crumb harvey -- hairy , scary , smelly and pick he nose . Joyce rub she eye . next she see the brando harvey ( Gary dumm ) , but unfortunately he disappear fast . disappointed , Joyce notice the realistic drew friedman harvey walk towards she . she smile as he dissolves into : harvey ( o.s. ) hey . be you Joyce ? Joyce turn around . the flesh and blood harvey pekar stand before she -- not quite as bad as the crumb version , not quite as good as the dumm version , but still acceptable . she sigh with relief . joyce hi , harvey . we finally meet in person . she politely offer she hand . harvey shake it , but he look overwhelm , worried and pessimistic . harvey hiya . look , before we get start with any of this , ya might as well know right off the bat . I have a vasectomy . Joyce let go of he hand . she stare at he in disbelief . CUT to : int . TGIF style restaurant - 1980 be - night the most awkward date in history . seat in a ultra-yuppie restaurant fill with business luncher , harvey and Joyce hide behind they menus . while everyone else look slick and successful , this two compete for the world 's worst posture . harvey what 's wrong ? joyce nothing . harvey somethin 's wrong . yer lookin ' around everywhere . joyce I guess I never imagine you eat in a place like this . harvey I ? I never be here . I think you would like it . but obviously ya do not , do ya ? joyce it 's fine . what difference do it make ? harvey shake he head , feel more pessimistic . harvey I dunno . none , I guess . ( beat ) they sure get a lot of meat on this menu . joyce you be a vegetarian ? harvey kinda . I mean ever since I get a pet cat , I could not eat animal anymore . Joyce grab a bread stick . joyce hmm . I support and identify with group like peta , but unfortunately I be a self - diagnose anemic . also , I have all this food allergy to vegetable that give I serious intestinal distress . I guess I have a lot of borderline health disorder that limit I politically when it come to eat . harvey just stare at she . harvey wow . yer a sick woman , huh ? joyce not yet . but I expect to be . everyone in my family 's get some kind of degenerative illness . a cheery waitress bounce over . waitress ( sing song ) good afternoon ! I be you server Cindy ! what can I bring you two today ? they slowly look up at she . CUT to : int . harvey' apartment - 1980 be - night joyce and harvey enter the apartment . the place be a mess , as usual . harvey look , I be gonna clean up , but why should I give you any false notion ? the truth be I get a serious problem with cleanliness . I could wash a dish ten time and it would still dirty . they even kick I outta the Army ' cause I could not learn to make a bed . Joyce put down she bag . joyce I have see worse . she slump down on the sofa as if she 's be here a million time . she rub she head . harvey sit next to she . joyce harvey , go get I water and a few aspirin . harvey just bounce back up and obey . harvey what , ya get a headache ? joyce no , but I want to avoid one . harvey empty the aspirin bottle in he palm . for some reason , he 's feel more comfortable . harvey well lemme tell ya Joyce , it sure be nice to have company . I mean , despite all you problem , you seem like a great person . a ' hey , sorry if my dating skill be kinda rusty , but I have just be through hell and back with woman . I mean that last one turn out to be a real nasty bitch . harvey arrive back with the aspirin . he hand it to Joyce . joyce I have a nice time with you , too . Joyce swallow the pill . harvey sit down next to she . harvey yeah ? you have a nice time ? joyce do not make people repeat themselves . it 's annoying . harvey oh , sorry . they be inch away from each other . joyce c'mere ... she pull he close . harvey plant a kiss on she . they slowly separate . Joyce 's eye be close . she like he . he kiss she again . they start make out , moan a bit . but before it get heavy -- joyce harvey ? harvey yeah ? Joyce open she eye . she look uneasy . joyce which door 's the bathroom ? int . harvey' apartment - bathroom door - 1980 be - day harvey stand by the bathroom door , despondent . from inside we hear the sound of moan and flush . harvey hey , Joyce ! what 's wrong ? what be it ? CUT to : int . harvey' bathroom - day flush ! Joyce be double over on the toilet . she 's look green . joyce ugh ! I do not know . I think that yuppie food do I in . back to : int . harvey' apartment - bathroom door - day outside the door harvey I feel terrible . lemme at least do something for you . back to : int . harvey' bathroom - day Joyce get to she foot and put she glass back on . she pick up a can and spray air freshener around the room . then she look at the can and realize it 's WD - 40 . harvey can I make ya something ? how about some chamomile tea ? Joyce put the can down . joyce chamomile tea ? what the hell 's a guy like you do with that ? I think you drink soda pop for breakfast . harvey ( o.s. ) I dunno . I notice you drank a lot of it when we start talkin ' on the phone . so I stock up on herbal teas for you visit . Joyce turn she head to the door . she 's truly surprised by what harvey 's just say . and very move . she smile to herself . back to : int . harvey' apartment - bathroom door - day harvey stand there wait . harvey the girl at the food co - op pick I out all kind of herbal stuff . one of 'em good for stomachach . grandma bear 's tummy mint , I think . be you still there ? Joyce slowly open the door . she lean against the door frame like she 's just be through a war . she take off she glass and clean they off with she shirt . joyce harvey , we better skip this whole courtship thing and just get marry . CUT to : int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - day harvey and Joyce be in bed , lie in each other 's arm . they look quite content . harvey man , be I glad I talk you into comin ' up here . any more time alone and I mighta lose it fer good . joyce I too . harvey so you do not have any problem with movin ' to Cleveland ? joyce not really . I find most american city depress in the same way . harvey a ' yer okay with the vasectomy thing ? she shrug . ext . parking lot - v.a. hospital - 1980 be - day harvey approach the building . instead of drag he foot like usual , he seem to be float on a cloud . we have not see harvey this happy since ... well , since never . he stop by a junker car and peek in the window , find toby eat lunch alone . he have a entire White Castle smorgasbord spread across the front seat . harvey knock on the window . Toby roll it down . harvey ay Toby . toby ( mouth full ) no you can not have any of my White Castle hamburger so please do not even ask . harvey can I have a fry ? harvey reach for a handful of Toby 's fries . toby okay , but just a couple , harvey . I be not go to eat dinner until very late and this have get to hold I over . harvey lean in , always amused by Toby . he steal another fry . harvey ( munch ) whattya get , a church function ? toby no , I be drive to Toledo to see a movie . would you like to come ? harvey Nah . I gotta fly to delaware tonight . I be gettin ' marry . toby oh. why delaware ? harvey the chick I be marryin ' be from wilmington . plus , I gotta help she move she stuff here . ( a beat ) why you drivin ' to Toledo to see a movie ? toby it 's not play at the mapletown . ( a beat ) I do not know you have a girlfriend , harvey . harvey yeah . we meet last week . harvey open the car door and slide in with Toby . harvey Toby , what movie could possibly be worth drivin ' 260 mile round trip for ? toby it 's a new film call " revenge of the nerd . " it 's about a group of nerd college student who be be pick on all the time by the jock , so they decide to take revenge . I already see it once . harvey wow , ya really dig this movie . toby I like it a lot , harvey . harvey what be this nerd like ? how would you describe they ? toby hmm ... nerd be smart but they look and act differently than other people . like nerd might wear polyester button - down shirt and flood pants where they ankle and they sock be show . Toby spill some catsup on he polyester button - down shirt . he stand up to get a napkin , revealing he flood pants . harvey so what yer sayin ' be you identify with that nerd ? toby ( rub out the catsup ) yes , I consider myself a nerd . and this movie have uplift I . there 's this one scene where a nerd grab the microphone during a pep rally and announce that he be a nerd and that he be proud of it and stand up for the rights of other nerd . then , he ask the kid at the pep rally who think they be nerd to come forward ... so nearly everyone in the place do . that 's the way the movie end . harvey so the nerd win , huh ? toby ( smile ) yes . harvey grab the rest of Toby 's fries and open the door to leave . harvey wow . you get this movie a ' I be gettin ' hitched . we both have a good month , huh ? toby ( finish he last burger ) right . harvey , how long be you go to be in delaware because I would really like to see this movie with you ? harvey I be only goin ' for a week but then I will have a wife , so I will have to take she along . be it a girl flick ? toby depend on the girl . what kind of girl be you new bride ? be she a nerd ? harvey I do not know , man . maybe . she 's into herbal teas . Toby watch harvey saunter off . he return to he last hamburger . CUT to : ext . movie theater - 1980 be - night a brightly light marquee read , " revenge of the nerd . " the door to the theater open and a crowd pour onto the street . harvey , joyce and toby be among they . Toby proudly wear a " genuine nerd " button on he stripe shirt . joyce I agree with Toby . I think it 's a story of hope and tolerance . toby yes . it 's about time that the people who get pick on get to be the heroes . harvey scrunches he face in disbelief . harvey it 's a entertaining flick a ' I can see why you like it Toby , but that people on the screen be not even suppose to be you ! they be college student whose parent live in big house in the suburb . they be gonna get degree , get good job and stop be nerd . Joyce hit harvey . joyce harvey , what do I say about loud talk ? use you inside voice . harvey ( whisper loudly ) look Toby , the guy in that movie be not 28 - year - old file clerk who live with they grandmother in a ethnic ghetto . joyce that 's enough , harvey . harvey they do not get they computer like you do -- by trading in a bunch of box top and $ 49.50 at the supermarket . Joyce fold she arm in disapproval . Toby start to laugh . toby you be funny harvey . harvey look at he , disappointed . he shake he head . harvey sure , Toby . go to the movie and daydream , but " revenge of the nerd " be not reality . it 's just Hollywood bullshit . CUT to : ext . toby's car -- a few moment later angle on toby's car ( through windshield ) Toby and Joyce continue to analyze the movie in the front seat as Toby start the ignition . CUT to : int . toby's car angle on harvey in back seat slouch , grumpy and alone on the back seat , harvey 's still annoyed by the movie . real harvey ( v.o. ) okay , maybe I be bein ' so harsh on Toby onna count a ' my own problem . real harvey y'see , I be not even marry a month and my old lady be already showin ' sign a' trouble . grant , I tend to get marry fast ' cause I will take any woman that will have I , but this time I really meet my match ... CUT to : int . rehearsal studio - present - day high definition video documentary footage a few item indicate film production be in the frame . at a table in the foreground , bob the director discuss the character of Joyce with the actress play she . the actress just nod as the director go on . we can see the real joyce sit with the real harvey in the distance . director okay , I think the thing with Joyce be that as manic as harvey can be , she match he with depression . in that way they complete each other . I mean , she 's obviously a very smart woman , but she have a lot of trouble function in a world she can not control . and she 's totally obsessed with all thing negative ; y'know , disease , dysfuction , etc . the real joyce and real harvey listen curiously -- sometimes pleased , sometimes displease -- as they personality be dissect and boil down to a few phrase . closer shot of real joyce and harvey the real joyce put in she two cent about the actress play she . she rant about what it 's like to be portray in a movie , and have a character arc impose on she life . she move into talk about she relationship with harvey , and the first year of they marriage -- how impossible it be to live with he . the real harvey just roll he eye . end high definition video documentary footage CUT to : int . harvey' live room - 1980 be - day joyce be on a clean rampage . she rummages through pile upon pile of record while harvey pace nervously . joyce what about this 78' , harvey ? can not you sell they to one of that collector ? harvey be ya kid ? no way , man . I be not get rid of my 78' . Joyce throw down the record in frustration . harvey run over to check if they be scratch . joyce ( angry ) forget it then . I give up ! how can I make more storage space , if you will not get rid of anything ? harvey I will get rid of stuff . just not my good stuff . joyce everything 's you good stuff . how be I suppose to live here , if there 's no room for I ? harvey aw come on , baby . I will make room for ya . you just have to give I time . I be not so good at this kind of thing . joyce that 's because you be obsessive compulsive harvey . a door buzzer ring . harvey slam it to unlock the front . harvey c'mon . I do not wanna hear that psychobabble crap ! joyce I do not care if you wanna hear it or not . you be the poster child for the dsm III . I will have you know that I come from a very dysfunctional family . I can spot personality disorder a mile away ... a knock on the door interrupt they argument . Joyce storm away to answer it . angle on the door : Joyce open it to face a smile toby -- dress as usual in a loud polyester fashion do not . he talk in he strange robotic voice and avoid all eye contact . toby hello Joyce . be harvey home ? Joyce turn to harvey and point to Toby . joyce borderline autistic ! this scene shrink into a square up in the corner . the next few scene ( neurosis montage ) further divide up the full screen like a comic book . int . cleveland comic book store - 1980 be - day R. crumb leap from behind a autograph table ( where he 's signing comic ) to hop on the back of zaftig babe , who offer he a piggy - back ride . Joyce turn to harvey . joyce polymorphously perverse . CUT to : ext . parking lot - v.a. hospital - 1980 be - day joyce pick up harvey from work . harvey enter the car , wave goodbye to the ranting mr. boat . she point to Mr. boat . joyce paranoid personality disorder . int . harvey' live room - 1980 be - day the telephone ring . a dishevel , tired - look joyce flip through a novel and let the machine pick up . answering machine please leave a message . ( beep ) harvey ( into phone ) hey Joyce , it 's I . you be not gonna believe this but some LA producer call a ' he want to do a play about my life . call I ! ( click ) Joyce flip the page . joyce ( to herself ) delusion of grandeur . end neurosis montage ( return to full screen ) CUT to : int . theater - 1980 be - evening harvey and joyce sit in a pack theater watch a play . Joyce look exhaust . angle on stage a stage actor harvey and a stage actor joyce share a couch on the sparse stage . stage actor harvey see , I think comic can be a art form . with picture a ' word , a guy can do pretty much anything ! stage actor joyce that 's true , harvey . but I do not come all the way from delaware to talk about comic ... the " stage actor Joyce " lunge over and plant a kiss on he . angle on harvey and joyce in audience harvey dig it but Joyce look disgust . back to stage we now see stage actor harvey clutching a tea cup , as stage actor joyce kneel before a toilet bowl . off to the side of the stage , a spot light illuminate a guitar player , who add music to the scene . CUT to : int . airport - 1980 be - day harvey and joyce walk through the terminal . harvey brim with energy but Joyce look exhaust . real harvey ( v.o. ) if ya think readin ' comic about yer life seem strange , try watchin ' a play about it . God only know how I will feel when I see this movie . but truth be tell , the play be not half bad , and we get a free trip outta it . thing be goin ' pretty good for a change . variety call I " the Blue collar Mark twain , " and doubleday be interested in publishing a anthology of " american splendor . " CUT to : int . airport - baggage claim - 1980 be - day harvey nervously tap he foot as he wait for the bag . Joyce lean against the carousel stare at a young mother with a baby in a bjorn . harvey I hate checkin ' bag , man . it always take forever . he check he watch . Joyce remain quiet and distant . harvey Jesus , look at the time . the bus be gonna leave soon and there will not be another one for a hour . that mean I gotta shell out a extra thirty buck for a cab . harvey spot a bag that he think be he . harvey hey wait , there 's we -- ( a well - dress man grab it ) figure . that lucky yuppie 's gonna get on the bus in time . suddenly , Joyce mumble something to harvey . joyce y'know harvey , vasectomy be reversible . harvey ( ignore she ) damn yuppy get everything . joyce ( raise she voice ) be you listen to I ? I say vasectomy be reversible . head turn . harvey what ? whattya talkin ' about ? I do not want kid . a ' I come clean about my vasectomy the first time I set eye on ya' , right here in this airport . more head turn . joyce I know but thing have change . I think we can be a family . harvey family ?! what kinda family could we possibly be ? I be not no good with kid . I can barely take care of myself . joyce I will take care of the kid and you . harvey ( dead serious ) no way Joyce . forget it . I can not do it ; I can not have no kid . Joyce fold she arm ... deject , defeat . the audience of eavesdropper look disappointed as well . CUT to : int . harvey' live room - 1980 be - day if the place be a disaster before , believe it or not , it 's get worse . joyce seem to have give up on she organize ... and everything else for that matter . harvey hysterically search through the mess for a record album . Joyce just lie listlessly on a open futon on the middle of the room ; it look as if she have not be up in day . harvey where the hell be that ornette coleman album , Joyce ? I get a review due tomorrow . Joyce roll over . joyce I do not touch it , harvey . would you let I sleep ? harvey but it 's one o'clock ! how late can a person sleep ? Joyce sit up . this time she mean business . joyce it happen to be Saturday you selfish sonofabitch ! and do not you go tell I what to do . I be the one who move into you city , into you home , into you vasectomy and into you screw - up life . the least you could do be allow I to live here my way . she roll over and cover she head with the pillow . harvey just stand there stare at she . CUT to : int . supermarket - 1980 be - day real harvey ( v.o. ) I try everything but nothin ' could get this woman outta bed . harvey peruse the aisle . he pull box upon box of herbal tea off the shelf . real harvey ( v.o. ) I mean she would not get a job , would not go out , would not make friend , nothin' . CUT to : int . harvey' live room - 1980 be - day harvey throw box of herbal teas at joyce as she sprawl listlessly on the futon . she just yawn and turn over on she side . real harvey ( v.o. ) Joyce diagnose herself as " clinically depressed . " I do not know what the hell she be goin ' through but it be sure takin ' it 's toll on I . a frustrated harvey try once more to cheer she up . harvey ( upbeat ) we can go out for dinner tonight . how ' bout catch a bite at Tommy 's ? joyce ( mumble ) I be not hungry . harvey throw he hand in the air and walk off . harvey I give up . as he pass the answer machine , he notice it 's blink . harvey hey Joyce , we get a message here . why do not you pick up . Joyce do not respond . harvey useless . he press the play button . angle on answering machine : a loud " beep , " then ... male voice hi , this be a message for harvey pekar . my name be Jonathan greene and I be a producer for late night with david letterman . we would like to talk to you about come on the show to plug you comic . please give I a call at 212-555-3333 . harvey ( o.s. ) what the hell ? Joyce sit up . harvey 's finger hit the " replay " button . male voice hi , this be a message for harvey -- CUT to : ext . manhattan skyline - 1980 be - day establishing shot the impressive skyline glisten in the spring sun . real harvey ( v.o. ) Joyce finally get off the futon ... CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON square park - new york - 1980 be - day armed with shopping bag from bleecker Bob 's record shop , the strand Book store and forbidden Planet comic Book emporium , harvey and joyce eat lunch on a park bench . harvey chomp on a knish and watch oddball New yorker stroll by as Joyce nibble on she hot dog . CUT to : int . HOTEL hallway -- day close up on a ice bucket cut back to reveal harvey , schlepping a ice bucket down a hall in he underwear . a female business traveler pass and stare at he . he enter a room with a " do not disturb " sign . int . new york HOTEL room - 1980 be - day the pekar have already wreak havoc on they luxury hotel room . it look like a tornado touch down on the New York Hilton . harvey try on outfit for the big show . he pull a wrinkle T-shirt over he head and model it for joyce who be spread out on the bed surround by pile of clothing , scissors and sewing supplies . she glance up at harvey 's getup and shake she head no . harvey aw , c'mon . who the hell care ? harvey toss he shirt over to Joyce , who snatch it and start cut it with a scissor . harvey hey , whattya doin ? joyce merchandise . she resume she mysterious sewing project ; she seem to be make some kind of doll . CUT to : int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day backstage , joyce watch late night with david letterman on a monitor as harvey await he turn to go on camera . he have change out of he wrinkle T-shirt into a slightly more formal look -- a denim shirt and a ratty seersucker stripe jacket . letterman show - stock footage angle on monitor ( note : this be actual stock footage of the show ) a 1980 's david letterman wisecrack . int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day neither Joyce nor harvey look particularly impressed with the whole deal . joyce people like this show ? harvey pace . harvey I be gettin ' hungry back here . they oughtta leave ya donut or somethin' . a nervous stage manager wear a headset peek he head in . stage manager Dave 's ready for you now , Mr. pekar . harvey hey , you get anything to eat ? my stomach 's growl . stage manager ( check he watch ) there 's no time to eat now . harvey glance at the monitor just as letterman announce he next guest . letterman show - stock footage letterman okay . we next guest work as a file clerk in a Cleveland hospital . int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day the stage manager grab harvey by the arm . Joyce stop they . joyce wait a minute . where 's the doll ? harvey he 's get it at the desk . will you relax about that already ? stage manager guy , guy , we be in a hurry here . the stage manager physically push harvey out of the Green room . Joyce turn back to face the monitor . letterman show - stock footage angle on monitor letterman hold up a copy of a full - size glossy american splendor anthology . letterman ... he also write comic book which detail he day - to- day pain and pleasure , and this be a anthology of nine of that comic . it 's entitle american splendor ... from off the street of Cleveland , please say hello to harvey pekar . the harvey pekar who walk onto the set be not the actor portraying he but rather the real harvey pekar ( only about 15 year young ) . this be actual stock footage from harvey' first letterman appearance . int . GREEN room - NBC studio - day Joyce watch as harvey shake letterman 's hand and take a seat . letterman show - stock footage he smile as the audience warmly greet he . it seem harvey 's groove on this attention . but as soon as the audience quiet down , harvey turn to he host and start he offensive : harvey I be ready for that Cleveland joke . go ahead ... taken off guard , letterman laugh . letterman alright settle down harvey . settle down . ( the audience laugh ) now let 's explain to folk who may not be familiar with you work what it be you do here , exactly . you have comic book about you in you daily life in Cleveland . harvey that 's right . letterman and be they embellish at all or be it pretty much factual ? harvey ( patronize ) no . it 's all true , David . all true . letterman and you also have a regular job in Cleveland work at a hospital . harvey that 's right . aid the sick , yes . letterman aid the sick . well that 's certainly noble work . harvey thank you . thank you . int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day angle on joyce watching joyce ( unimpress ) such brilliant repartee ... back to : letterman show - stock footage letterman now it seem to I harvey that you have a very successful career here . this be be publish by a major publishing company , doubleday . why do you maintain the day job ? harvey ( defensive ) to make a live ! ( big laugh ) I do not make a live as a writer . I have be write for many year , David . maybe more year than you have be alive . now , letterman crack up . back to : int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day a letterman regular ( tony randall ? ) come in with some food . he stop by the monitor to watch a moment with Joyce . harvey yeah , I know that my youthful appearance bely , you know , my actual age . but , I have be around for a long time -- letterman regular ( to joyce ) you know this guy ? joyce I be beginning to wonder . the letterman regular take a seat as he watch the monitor . he seem more intrigue than Joyce . letterman show - stock footage letterman but I have a feel though , if you want to , you could probably get by on what you make sell you work . because I know people be after you to write other thing . you be publishing this anthology ... this hit a sore spot . harvey go from politely condescending to cantankerous in one second flat ! harvey who ? what people ? what people ? what be you talk about ? where the hell do you get that stuff ? letterman crack up . the audience laugh even harder . harvey I be no show biz phoney . I be tell the truth . come on , man . the audience can not believe this guy 's hold he own with letterman . int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day angle on letterman regular letterman regular ( to Joyce ) at least he 's keep up with letterman . joyce pander be more like it . suddenly , Joyce walk over to the monitor and look for the channel . she hit a button , but it only change the frame of the show . joyce damnit . letterman regular Excuse I , but what be you do ? joyce I be try to get some news . you know there 's a big story about to break about the US sell arm to Iran and the contras . letterman regular that 's a monitor . joyce ugh . just forget it . Joyce give up . she sink back into she seat and pull a book from she bag . the letterman regular stare at she like she 's from Mars . letterman show - stock footage angle on the monitor letterman harvey , I know you have get a job . I have get a job . we be both very lucky . we both have job . harvey then what 's the matter ? once again laugh and a big round of applause . letterman pull out Joyce 's mysterious doll and prop it up on the table . letterman we have gotta go . harvey I like you . I be on you side . I enjoy the comic book . and here , quickly tell we about the little doll here . harvey my wife make it . int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day back to joyce . she suddenly perk up . joyce finally something good . ( to letterman regular ) watch this . letterman show - stock footage close - up of the doll it be a absolutely horrific but oddly evocative " harvey rag doll . " his face be inspire by crumb 's drawing of harvey but even more extreme . his little T-shirt read , " american splendor . " the audience be in stitches . letterman they be make out of you old clothing . harvey that 's right . letterman and what do this go for ? harvey thirty - four buck . letterman ( shocked ) thirty - four dollar ? thirty - four dollar for this ? harvey what be ya cheap . you cheaper than I ? letterman would you pay thirty - four dollar for that ? harvey no but I be not ask it . my wife be . back to : int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day joyce stare at the monitor , expressionless . the stage manager stick he head in . stage manager he 's a natural . letterman regular he be . good stuff . the stage manager grab the regular . stage manager c'mon . you turn . a smile harvey ( the actor now ) waltze in straight from he command performance . harvey whad 'ya think ? Joyce tap she finger on letterman 's image on the monitor . joyce megalomaniac . dissolve to : int . new york HOTEL room - 1980 be - day harvey try on a rip T-shirt for Joyce who lie on the bed . real harvey ( v.o. ) it become clear pretty fast that I be invite on the show just for laugh . but what the hell do I care ? letterman be a okay guy . let he take pot shot at I , s'long as I get pay a ' get to plug my comic . CUT to : letterman show - stock footage montage : a series of actual harvey appearance on late night with letterman . int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day joyce , whose different outfit reflect time passage , watch each time from the GREEN room . letterman show - stock footage harvey , in a ratty T-shirt , spar with letterman . letterman harvey , you be the embodiment of the american dream ... the audience laugh . real harvey ( v.o. ) funny thing be , something ' about I and letterman click for the viewer . he keep wantin ' I back . letterman show - stock footage - another show letterman introduce he favorite guest . letterman it be my pleasure to welcome back we next guest , the lovable harvey pekar ! harvey walk out with a box of donut . he start give letterman a earful right off the bat . real harvey ( v.o. ) here be this slick , ambitious guy with million , winnin ' over the country by makin ' light of everything . and then there be I ... a messy loser with no dough who take everything too seriously . letterman tell I harvey , what do you do to get away from the pressure of be -- well , a file clerk ? ( laughter ) harvey go ahead and laugh , folk . but he have more contempt for you than I do ! CUT to : int . white castle - 1980 be - day the burger joint have be transformed into a film set with light , camera and lot of trendy MTV type . real harvey ( v.o. ) a it be not just I gettin ' all the attention . as a result of my appearance on letterman , my buddy Toby radloff land a gig on MTV extoll the virtue of White Castle burger ... off to the side : two hot babe slave over toby as he get he hair and make - up do . harvey wander onto the set . he finally spot Toby in the corner . as he head over to say hello , harvey bump into the MTV director -- a new wave fashion victim who look like a lose member of a flock of seagull . MTV director Christ ! watch where you be go ! harvey ( mutter ) fuckin ' yuppie or whatever kinda freak you be . real harvey ( v.o. ) that day on the set with that MTV jerk , I have a epiphany . it seem that real , salt of the earth people like Toby a ' I be bein ' coopt by this huge corporation . we be gettin ' hold up and ridicule as loser in the system . what can I say , it be the 80' man . CUT to : MTV public service announcement toby , dress in dark sunglass and a turtleneck , stand in front of a White Castle . he deliver he line in he trademark robotic style . there 's a MTV logo on the bottom of the screen . toby hamburger be a safer addiction than drug . say no to drug . say yes to White Castle ! CUT to : int . cleveland diner - 1980 be - day harvey and joyce eat breakfast together . harvey read a Katherine mansfield book as joyce read a newspaper . joyce ( look up from the paper ) harvey , I have be read about this kid who grow up in war zone ... Palestinians , Israelis , El salvadorian , cambodian ... this kid be amazing and they be -- a yuppie in a jogging suit walk up to harvey , interrupt Joyce in mid-sentence . yuppie hey , you be that guy from the letterman show , right ? harvey ( smile ) yeah , that 's I . yuppie that 's so excellent . you and stupid Pet trick be a riot . harvey 's not smile anymore . this guy 's a jerk . harvey yeah ? then why dontcha buy one of my comic , man . that 's the only reason I go on that dumb show anyway . yuppie right , sure . later , harvey pekar ! the yuppie rush out . harvey asshole . joyce anyway , I want to do a political comic book about this kid . there 's a conference in Jerusalem in a few week , and I can start by do interview there . harvey whoa whoa , wait a second . Jerusalem ? I can barely drag you off the futon to go to the letterman show . joyce y'know why ? ' Cause I do not give a damn about the letterman show . I want to work on something important to I . something that matter . Joyce hit a nerve . harvey ( furious ) hey ! you know I only go on the show for the extra bread ! people start to look over . joyce harvey ... you be yell ... harvey maybe if you get yer lazy ass up and get a job , I could work on something that matter , too , huh ?! Joyce do not dignify harvey with a answer . she stare at he , she eye well with hurt . he sigh , calming down . he look around sheepishly . harvey I be sorry , baby . I -- I be sorry ... he grab she hand . CUT to : ext . harvey' apartment - 1980 be - day harvey and Joyce stroll across the lawn hold hand . they move towards a wait cab . harvey carry he wife 's bag . real harvey ( v.o. ) I guess it be good to finally see Joyce excited about something ' of she own . sure I be happy for she . but I be still upset for I . they stop by the cab . harvey this be crazy . can not ya just do something ' here in Cleveland ? joyce harvey , you will survive a few week alone . harvey alright ... be careful . I love you , baby . they kiss . harvey grudgingly put she bag in the car . he watch as the cab pull away . real harvey ( v.o . ) it be later that night when I first find the lump . int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - night wearing only he short , harvey lie alone in the communal futon , flipping through a book . he reach into he underwear to scratch he nut . suddenly he stop . he feel something odd ... for a moment he just freeze . his eye register panic . real harvey ( v.o. ) I be determine to put it outta my mind until Joyce get back . easier say than do . CUT to : int . v.a. hospital - 1980 be - day a enraged harvey fight with he co-worker miguel . harvey what do I care ! just gimme the chart already ! miguel what be you problem today ?! harvey look , miguel ! I just do not wanna keep comin ' back here for it , okay ?! miguel harvey , that patient 's due t'be admit a week from now ! why do you always have to be pick fight with everybody ? harvey ( yell ) how many time do we gotta go through the same bullshit . just gimme the fuckin ' chart ! offended , miguel storm off . miguel we will see what the doctor say about this . CUT to : int . harvey' live room - 1980 be - night alone and slump over he table , harvey draw comic idea with stick figure . nothing 's come to he . he look like he 's in anguish . frustrate , harvey crumble the idea and throw it on the floor . he knock over a chair . int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - day he toss and turn in bed . no way he 's sleep . CUT to : int . harvey' live room - 1980 be - day harvey be yell into the telephone . it be a bad connection . harvey ( loudly into phone ) whadya mean ? another two week ? ya gotta come home some time ! hello ? damnit ! CUT to : int . back stage - NBC studio - 1980 be - day without Joyce , a surly harvey wait in the wing for he introduction . he sneak a peek as letterman finish up the " stupid pet trick " segment . we hear dog bark and audience laughter . letterman regular ( o.s. ) and there you have it , folk ! another enlighten episode of stupid Pet trick ! real harvey ( v.o. ) I be startin ' to lose it . between the lump , the loneliness -- I feel like everything wuz closin ' in on I . and with Joyce over there savin ' the world , I never feel more like a sell - out hack in my life . letterman regular ( o.s. ) y'know lady and gentleman , when thoreau write that most man lead life of quiet depression , he obviously have not meet we first guest , who happen to lead a life of whining desperation ... harvey clenches he fist . harvey ( threaten ) okay , asshole . you will pay for that one ... harvey take off he shirt . he pull another t-shirt out of the bag and change ... letterman regular ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman , please welcome back , harvey pekar . harvey 's new t-shirt read " on strike against NBC . " he take off for the stage , fist clench , a soldier march off to war . dissolve to : int . GREEN room - NBC studio - 1980 be - day we be position behind the monitor , so we can only hear the show . the stage manager and two production assistant straighten up in the room . harvey ( o.s. ) hey , Dave ! you wanna know what my politics be ? I be a strident leftist , Dave . letterman ( o.s. ) I could have guess half of that . harvey ( o.s. ) you coulda guess all of it , man ! so why do not we talk about you parent company , g.e. , huh ? let 's talk about anti-trust violation and nuclear reactor ! stage manager Joe , put more soda in the fridge , there . and let 's clean up the counter . that pekar guy 's a pig . as the p.a. 's walk back and forth in front of the monitor , we hear the letterman / pekar banter grow louder . suddenly production assistant # 2 stop and check out the monitor . production assistant # 2 whoa ... you guy . check this out . int . toby's live room - 1980 be - day toby and he grandmother watch harvey raise hell on letterman . again , we can not see the screen . harvey ( o.s. ) you be a cop -out , letterman . you be nothin ' but a shill for g.e . Toby 's grandmother pass he a plate of cookie . letterman ( o.s. ) first of all , harvey , what you be say be not true . second of all , this be not the place to say it . if you want to talk about this , go somewhere else , because you be not talk about it here !! CUT to : int . mr. boat kitchen - 1980 be - day dress in a bathrobe , Mr. boat eat a lonely , late - night snack ( cake and milk ) at he kitchen table . a 12 " tv on the table have harvey and Dave on . harvey ( o.s. ) do not worry , Dave . I will not come back unless you beg I . letterman ( o.s. ) you be not come back at all . harvey ( o.s. ) what do I care -- letterman ( o.s. ) because we have give you many , many chance to talk about thing that would be of general interest to people -- harvey ( o.s. ) so what ?! Mr. boat shake he head . int . town car - 1980 be - day we see harvey alone , slump in the back seat of a town car , head back towards he hotel . City light pass over he troubled face . we still hear the show , as if it 's now in he head . letterman ( v.o . ) -- and also to promote you little mickey mouse magazine . you little weekly reader ! but you have blow every chance you have get . you be a dork , harvey ! harvey ( v.o. ) Dave , you be fulla shit ! you be fulla shit !! dissolve to : int . harvey' apartment - bedroom - 1980 be - night close on a american splendor comic the cover depict a snarling letterman yell , " you fucked up a great thing ! " at a smirk , self - satisfied harvey . joyce lie in bed read the comic , chuckle . harvey cuddle up against she . joyce I guess you do it this time . harvey who care . he be not helpin ' my sale anyway . ( move closer ) baby , do not go away anymore . I just can not take bein ' alone . Joyce put the magazine down . joyce if you meet that kid over there and see what they go through , you would not ask that of I . harvey but if you go again I be really gonna lose it . joyce it 's not open for discussion , harvey . I need this in my life right now . she cuddle up close to he . joyce but I do appreciate the fact that you miss I so much . c'mere ... she start to kiss he . he kiss she back . her hand wander down . suddenly she feel something strange . joyce harvey , what be that ? harvey look at she and gulp . CUT to : int . hospital room - 1980 be - day harvey and joyce sit in the office hold hand , like two terrify high school kid . a doctor stand before they . they just get bad news ... joyce I do not understand , do " tumor " mean the same thing as " cancer " ? the doctor gently nod . Joyce cover she mouth . harvey hold onto he head . he look positively dizzy . the doctor start to talk , yet the word do not seem to match he mouth . he look dub . strange phrase just weave together , echo and bounce off the wall , make no sense at all . ... we know the growth be malignant . what we do not know be how far it may have spread . once we have the result of the biopsy , we can make more inform decision about treatment ... blah , blah , blah ... the whole office seem to spin . CUT to : int . harvey' apartment - 1980 be - later Joyce and harvey sit on the stoop of they apartment house , in a daze . the word keep echoing around they . harvey hold he head . doctor # 2 ...cat scan ... diagnosis ... mri ... cancer ... cancer ... cancer ... harvey how can I have cancer ? I do not feel sick at all . joyce that 's a positive thing . harvey my cousin norman die of lymphoma . he be twenty - nine . he be a brilliant oncologist . joyce stop it ! you be not go to die , harvey . you be not . harvey turn to Joyce . harvey what 's go to happen to you , baby ? who 's gonna take care of you if I be not around ? Joyce stand up , determine . joyce harvey , look at I and focus . we be go to get through this . I understand illness . I know how to handle this thing . harvey but that 's you . I be not strong enough . I do not know how to be positive . I can not do it . I can not . joyce yes , you can . and I will tell you how . you will make a comic book out of the whole thing . you will document every little detail . and that way you will remove yourself from the experience until it 's over . despite Joyce 's passionate pitch , harvey shake he head . harvey I can not do that . I be just not strong enough ... I just wanna die . Joyce fold she arm . joyce Fine . I will do it without you . int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - day harvey and joyce lay there quietly , both exhaust . Joyce turn over so she back face harvey . he put he arm around she . angle on joyce's face a tear drip down she cheek . CUT to : int . harvey' apartment - 1980 be - day Joyce be straighten up the apartment . the place actually look halfway decent . the doorbell ring Joyce open the door . a guy in he 30' name fred -- hell angel tough guy meet sensitive artist -- stand at the door . he 's accompany by a seven - year - old girl , danielle . fred hey , I be Fred . you call I about the comic book ? joyce right -- the artist . come on in . fred this be my daughter , danielle . I have to bring she along . I hope you do not mind . Joyce lean down and address the girl , who hold a toy horse . joyce hi , danielle . what 's that you be hold ? danielle a pony . it 's immediately obvious that Joyce be great with kid . joyce a pony ? what 's he name ? danielle she 's a girl . clarissa . joyce oh , I see . well , I be Joyce . Nice to meet both you and clarissa . they all walk towards the table which be cover with papers . fred I be really sorry to hear about harvey . be he here ? joyce he 's go to work until next week , when he start the chemo . that 's why I wanna get this project start now . once he 's stick here , I know he will take over . CUT to : ext . harvey' apartment - 1980 be - later miserable and in a daze , harvey walk up to he front door . he look like a man whose day be numbered . when he reach the door , he search he pocket for key . angle on pocket harvey 's hand come up empty . harvey shit ! harvey try the doorknob , but it 's lock . he step back on the lawn and look around . could he have drop they ? he retrace a few step . harvey damnit ! harvey yell up at the window . harvey Joyce , open the door ! I lose my key again ! Joyce !! angle on front door harvey' elderly neighbor struggle with she shopping cart through the door . harvey push past she to get in . int . harvey' apartment vestibule harvey knock again . nothing . now he punch the door . harvey Joyce !! open the fuck door !! suddenly the door open . loud music pour out . but it 's not Joyce , it 's fred , the artist . fred hey , harvey . harvey Fred ? harvey just stare at he . Fred open the door to reveal : joyce and danielle dance together with the stereo blast . they be have a ball . CUT to : int . harvey' apartment - 1980 be - day at the kitchen table , harvey look over fred be sketches . joyce and danielle be now building a house of card on the live room floor . fred here be some idea we bat around . harvey sheesh . Joyce do not know what she 's do . there 's too many word in this frame . when be ya comin ' back ? fred uh , she say something about next Tuesday , which be fine with I . only thing be , I might have the kid again . my ex - wife 's suppose to take she , but I do not have much faith in she show up . she be in worse shape than I this day . harvey look away at Joyce and danielle play . they be oblivious to the world . harvey next week my treatment begin . do I a favor . bring the kid with you . CUT to : close up : a pencil sketching fred' pencil complete a sketch of Joyce push harvey in a wheelchair . the word " cancer " appear everywhere , float all around the image . comic art / real life montage the follow montage chronicle harvey 's illness by cut between comic art depict key event and shot of harvey , joyce and fred create the book . the montage be set to the simultaneously dulcet and discordant tone of mile Davis ' " Blue in Green " ( or something similar ) . CUT to : int . hospital hallway - 1980 be - day Close on harvey 's face as he 's get push down the hall in a wheelchair . CUT to : m.r.i. comic panel a panel of harvey enter the m.r.i. machine . CUT to : int . harvey' apartment - 1980 be - day we see harvey , Joyce and Fred sit around a table . Joyce fight to keep harvey focus on the project . back to more comic panel : 1 ) a enraged harvey throw thing around the house . 2 ) Joyce on the bed cry , a cat lick she back . CUT to : int . harvey' shower - 1980 be - day a bald harvey depressed in the shower . he hold a clump of hair in he hand . CUT to : comic panel of the above scene harvey in the shower . the balloon above he head reveal he inner turmoil over lose he hair and he face swell . more comic panel follow harvey in agony . various position of he in bed , on all four , cover with a case of shingles . " I feel like I be on fire " appear over he head . CUT to : int . harvey' kitchen - 1980 be - day Joyce and Fred go over some more comic art . Joyce carry the idea over to harvey ( wear a baseball cap ) , who can not get out of the couch . he look it over and nod . danielle bring harvey a glass of water . CUT to : more comic panel : harvey crawl up the step . " I be so weak I can not make it , " he think ... harvey and Joyce in a hospital wait room . he 's slump over , she have she hand on he . a delirious harvey surround by nurse and Joyce . " she 's torture I , she will not let I die , I wanna die ... " CUT to : int . harvey' bathroom - 1980 be - day a bald harvey lie on he bathroom floor . his cat walk all over he . harvey I wanna die ... just let I die ... CUT to : more comic panel : Joyce attempt to wake harvey up . she curse at he . she slap he . " why be you do this to I ! " a draw of Joyce , double over , cry . " I can not take this anymore ... " the montage end with a scene in harvey' bedroom CUT to : int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - night a repeat of the open scene ... like a ghost , a naked harvey stand over he bed stare down at a sleep joyce . in the eerie light , he 's almost translucent . harvey ( faintly ) Joyce ... Joyce ? Joyce spring up , alarmed . joyce what 's wrong , harvey ? what be you do up ? harvey just stand there for a moment say nothing . joyce what be it ? harvey ( delirious , out of breath ) tell I the truth . be I some guy who write about himself in a comic book ? or be I just -- just a character in that book ? joyce harvey ... harvey when I die , will ' that character keep goin ' ? or will he just fade away . Joyce just stare at he , unsure how to answer . finally harvey collapse . Joyce leap from the bed , nervous , hysterical . she get down on the floor and shake he . joyce omigod , harvey ! harvey , wake up ! close on harvey' face his eye remain close , he expression far , far away . the sound of Joyce 's voice fade until it seem like a distant echo . then panel from harvey 's comic begin to float over he head , he life literally pass before he eye in comic book form . slowly , the comic image and the unconscious harvey evaporate , give way to : GREEN screen a surreal dream sequence we be now in a large , empty room similar to a blank comic book panel . a healthy , fully dress harvey appear in the corner of the frame . he be very far away , barely recognizable . we slowly dolly towards he as he deliver a formal soliloquy to the camera : harvey my name be harvey pekar . it 's a unusual name -- harvey pekar ... as harvey speak , one - dimensional comic book image from he life pass over the screen once again . this time in front of he , behind he , everywhere . we dolly in towards he . harvey 1960 be the year I get my first apartment and my first telephone book . imagine my surprise when I look up my name and see that , in addition to I , another harvey pekar be list ! image of harvey 's childhood float by , follow by he young adult year . harvey I be list as harvey L. pekar ... my middle name be lawrence ... he be list as harvey pekar -- no middle initial ... therefore , he be a purer list . we see harvey age in the image : he 's hang on the street corner with friend , collect record , hang with crumb . harvey then , in the seventies , I notice that a third harvey pekar be list in the phone book ! this fill I with curiosity . harvey how could there be three people with such a unusual name in the world , let alone in one city ?! now , numerous image of harvey 's many year at the v.a. Hospital float by : harvey filing , harvey argue with he boss , harvey and Toby , etc . harvey then one day , a person I work with express she sympathy to I concern what she think be the death of my father . she point out a obituary notice in the newspaper for a man name harvey pekar . one of he son be name harvey . this be the other harvey pekar . the comic image fade out . harvey be once again alone in the empty room . harvey six month later , harvey pekar Jr. die . although I would meet neither man , I be fill with sadness . " what be they like , " I think . it seem that we life have be link in some indefinable way . we slowly move in on he face . extremely close . as close as the camera can get . harvey but the story do not end there . for two year later another harvey pekar appear in the directory . what kind of people be this ? where do they come from , what do they do ? what 's in a name ? end dream sequence int . harvey' bedroom - 1980 be - day back to bedroom : we be close on harvey be face as he lay pass out and delirious on the floor . over this we hear ... harvey who be harvey pekar ? his face slowly fade to black . a moment of black , and then ... int . tower book - 1980 be - day fade in : close up : a glossy , full - color , novel -sine comic cover . scrawle across the top in yellow and red it read , " we Cancer Year . " the draw depict harvey double over on the front lawn , grocery in the snow , with Joyce attempt to help he up . a hand flip the book open and sign the inside leaf . joyce and a healthy - look harvey sit at a table signing copy of they opus . about fifteen or so people mill about with copy . real harvey ( v.o. ) here 's we man a year later . somehow I make it through the treatment , an' the doctor be optimistic . I guess Joyce be right about doin ' the big comic book . we publish the thing as a graphic novel -- we first collaboration -- and end up with rave review . we even win the american Book Award . go figure ... CUT to : int . harvey' live room - 1980 be - day the place be still a mess but somehow it have a better vibe than it have before . this might be due to the presence of danielle . she sit cross legge on the floor make jewelry out of bead . joyce guide she . harvey shuffles into the room . he watch for a moment as Joyce and danielle play . angle on joyce : there be a awkward expression almost resembling a smile on she face . he interrupt they . harvey hey Joyce . Joyce look up . harvey look like he 's try to hide something . joyce what be it harvey ? harvey that be the doctor . Joyce stop what she 's do and gulp . she hang on harvey 's every word . harvey he say I be all clear . tear well in harvey 's eye . Joyce breathes a sigh of relief and danielle jump up and run over to harvey . she hug he . CUT to : int . cleveland ice rink - 1980 - day harvey sit in the bleacher , watch joyce teach danielle to ice skate . harvey 's get a box of pizza next to he . he pick up a slice and chomp on it . the cheese drip out of he mouth onto he shirt . real harvey ( v.o. ) the weirdest thing that come outta my illness be danielle . with she real mother runnin ' around who know where , a ' seein ' how well she and Joyce get on , Fred decide she would have a better life with we . I be scared at first but then I think , what the hell . she 's a good kid . so we end up takin ' she a ' raise she as we own . CUT to : int . harvey' apartment - 1980 be - day harvey and danielle lie on the futon together . harvey 's comic be strewn around the room everywhere . danielle flip through one . harvey ya keep readin ' them backward . danielle I like read they backward . ( hold up a comic ) be that you ? harvey I keep tellin ' ya , all of 'em I , man . danielle you look like a monster . harvey yeah , well wait will ya see what you be gonna look like . danielle I ?? harvey sure . yer part of the story too , now . danielle what story ? harvey the story of my life . danielle make a face . harvey yeah , I know I be not as interesting as the Little mermaid and all that magical crap ... danielle maybe I want to write my own comic . harvey oh yeah ? what about ? danielle I do not know yet . but not about you . you have enough already . CUT to : ext . school bus stop - fall - present - day harvey walk towards the bus stop to send danielle to school . he hold she hand . harvey ya know , you should write about thing in you own life . like school and ... pony ... I do not know , girl stuff ... danielle ( to harvey ) do you have to hold my hand ? harvey ( wounded ) what , be you embarrassed a ' I ? I know , I be embarrassing . I feel the same way about my father . danielle look up at harvey like he 's crazy . danielle no harvey . you be just squeezing it too hard . ( shaking she head ) Joyce be right . you be obsessive compulsive . danielle drop he hand and rush onto the bus with other kid . harvey wave and watch as it pull away . he turn and walk by himself down the busy Cleveland street -- -- a familiar image from the open . he 's still hunch over . he 's still harvey . real harvey ( v.o. ) yeah , so I guess comic bring I a lot . but do not think this be some sunny , happy end . every day be still a major struggle . Joyce a ' I fight like crazy , a ' she barely work . the kid 's get a.d.d. and be a real handful . my expense have go up so much that I be writin ' freelance ' round the clock , just to make my bill . my life be total chaos . dissolve to : ext . bus stop - fall - present - day documentary footage -- shot on film now the real harvey walk down the same busy Cleveland street towards he job . real harvey ( v.o. ) with a little luck , I will get a window of good health between retirin ' a dyin ' . the golden year , right ? who know . between my pension and the chunk of change I get for this movie , I should be able to swing somethin' . sure I will lose the war eventually , but the goal be to win a few skirmish along the way . right ? CUT to : int . v.a. hospital - present - day documentary footage -- shot on film the real harvey slump at the desk now , flipping through a comic book . angle on door the real toby come into the file room , carry a cake with sparkler . he 's follow by a group of harvey 's real coworker and joyce and real danielle . harvey move the comic off he desk so Toby can put the cake down . angle on cake the festive cake read " happy retirement harvey . " real joyce cut the cake and pass slice to the group . another worker pop a bottle of champagne . close on a glass of champagne get fill . the glass sit next to the comic harvey be read . close up on comic book cover harvey' new edition of american splendor be subtitle , " our movie year . " it feature a illustration of harvey , joyce and danielle surround by camera , light and crew . fade out : the end