int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - night on video : jane burnham lay in bed , wear a tank top . she 's sixteen , with dark , intense eye . jane I need a father who 's a role model , not some horny geek - boy who 's gonna spray he short whenever I bring a girlfriend home from school . ( snort ) what a lame -o . somebody really should put he out of he misery . her mind wander for a beat . ricky ( o.c. ) want I to kill he for you ? Jane look at we and sit up . jane ( deadpan ) yeah , would you ? fade to black . fade in : ext . robin hood trail - early morning we be flying above suburban America , descending slowly toward a tree-line street . lester ( v.o . ) my name be lester burnham . this be my neighborhood . this be my street . this ... be my life . I be forty - two year old . in less than a year , I will be dead . int . burnham house - master bedroom - continuous we be look down at a king-size bed from overhead : lester burnham lie sleep amidst expensive bed linen , face down , wear pajamas . a irritate alarm clock ring . lester grope blindly to shut it off . lester ( v.o . ) of course , I do not know that yet . he roll over , look up at we and sigh . he do not seem too thrilled at the prospect of a new day . ( continued ) 2 . continued : lester ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and in a way , I be dead already . he sit up and put on he slipper . int . burnham house - master bath - moment later lester thrust he face directly into a steaming hot shower . angle from outside the shower : lester 's naked body be silhouett through the fogge - up glass door . it become apparent he be masturbate . lester ( v.o. ) ( amused ) look at I , jerk off in the shower . ( then ) this will be the high point of my day . it 's all downhill from here . ext . burnham house - moment later close on a single , dewy american beauty rose . a glove hand with clipper appear and snip the flower off . carolyn burnham tend she rise bush in front of the burnham house . a very well - put together woman of forty , she wear color- coordinate gardening tog and have lot of useful and expensive tool . lester watch she through a window on the first floor , peeping out through the drape . lester ( v.o. ) that 's my wife carolyn . see the way the handle on that pruning shear match she gardening clog ? that 's not a accident . ext . jim ' house - continuous in the fence front yard of the house next door , a dog bark repeatedly . a man in a conservative suit ( jim # 1 ) chastise the bark dog . jim # 1 hush , bitsy . you hush . what be wrong ? lester ( v.o. ) that 's we next - door neighbor Jim . a second man in a conservative suit ( jim # 2 ) come out of the house . ( continued ) 3 . continued : lester ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and that 's he lover , Jim . jim # 2 ( be : bark dog ) what in the world be wrong with she ? she have a walk this morning . jim # 1 and a jerky treat . jim # 2 you spoil she . ( sternly ) bitsy . no bark . come inside . now . ext . burnham house - continuous lester watch all this from the window . carolyn good morning , Jim ! Jim # 1 walk toward the fence to greet carolyn . jim # 1 Morning , carolyn . carolyn ( overly friendly ) I just love you tie ! that color ! jim # 1 I just love you rose . how do you get they to flourish like this ? carolyn well , I will tell you . Egg shell and Miracle grow . Jim # 1 and carolyn continue to chat , unaware that lester be watch they . lester ( v.o. ) man . I get exhaust just watch she . lester 's Pov : we can not hear what Jim and carolyn be say , but she 's overly animated , like a tv talk show host . lester ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she be not always like this . she use to be happy . we use to be happy . 4. int . burnham house - jane's room - continuous jane be seat at she desk , work at she computer . lester ( v.o. ) my daughter Jane . only child . close on the computer monitor : a personal banking software window suddenly disappear to reveal another window : a plastic surgery website , feature clinical " before " and " after " photo of surgically augment breast . lester ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) janie 's a pretty typical teenager . angry , insecure , confuse . I wish I could tell she that 's all go to pass ... outside , a car horn blare . Jane stuff item into she backpack . lester ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but I do not want to lie to she . we hear the car horn again from outside . Jane study herself in a mirror , then shift to get a good profile of she breast . ext . burnham house - continuous carolyn stand next to a platinum - color mercede - benz ml320 , reach in through the driver ' window to blow the horn again . Jane shuffles out of the house , she backpack sling over she shoulder . carolyn Jane . honey . be you try to look unattractive ? jane yes . carolyn well , congratulation . you have succeed admirably . Jane get in the car . lester hurry out the front door , carry a briefcase . ( continued ) 5 . continued : carolyn ( cont 'd ) lester , could you make I a little later , please ? because I be not quite late enough . lester 's briefcase suddenly spring open and he papers spill all over the driveway . he drop to he knee to gather everything . jane Nice go , dad . lester smile sheepishly , try to lighten the moment . his Pov : carolyn look down at we , contemptuous but also bored , as if she give up expect anything more long ago . lester ( v.o. ) both my wife and daughter think I be this gigantic loser , and ... they be right . int . mercede - benz ml320 - a short time later carolyn be drive ; Jane stare out the window . lester be asleep in the back seat . lester ( v.o. ) I have lose something . I be not exactly sure what it be , but I know I do not always feel this ... sedate . but you know what ? it 's never too late to get it back . int . office build - day lester sit at he workstation , a beige cubicle surround by identical beige cubicle . he 's stare at a computer monitor and talk on a headset phone . the beleaguere expression on he face be at odd with the light , friendly tone of he voice . lester hello , this be lester burnham from media monthly magazine , I be call for Mr. tamblin , please ?... well , we be all under a deadline here , uh , but you see , there be some basic information about the product launch that be not even cover in you press release and I ... yeah . can I ask you a question ? who be tamblin ? do he exist ? ' Cause he do not ever seem to come in ... yeah , okay , I will leave my number ... ( continued ) 6 . continued : brad , a dapper man in he thirty , approach and observe lester , who be unaware of he presence . lester ( cont 'd ) it 's 555 0199 . lester burnham . thank you ! lester disconnect the call , obviously irritate . brad hey Les . you get a minute ? lester turn around , smile perfunctorily lester for you , Brad ? I have get five . int . brad' office - moment later Brad be seat behind he desk in he big corner office . brad I be sure you can understand we need to cut corner around here . lester sit across from he , look small and isolate . lester oh , sure . Times be tight , and you gotta free up cash . gotta spend money to make money . right ? brad exactly . so ... Brad stand , ready to usher lester out . lester ( blurt ) like the time when Mr. flournoy use the company mastercard to pay for that hooker , and then she use the card number and stay at the St. regis for , what be it , like , three month ? brad ( startle ) that 's unsubstantiated gossip . lester that 's fifty thousand dollar . that 's somebody 's salary . that 's somebody who 's gonna get fire because Craig have to pay woman to fuck he ! ( continued ) 7 . continued : brad Jesus . calm down . nobody 's get fire yet . that 's why we be have everyone write out a job description , mapp out in detail how they contribute . that way , management can assess who 's valuable and -- lester who 's expendable . brad it 's just business . lester ( angry ) I have be write for this magazine for fourteen year , Brad . you have be here how long , a whole month ? brad ( frank ) I be one of the good guy , Les . I be try to level with you . this be you one chance to save you job . lester stare at he , powerless . ext . burnham house - late afternoon a moving van be park in front of the colonial house next door to the burnham ' . mover carry furniture toward the house . the mercede - benz pull into the burnham driveway . carolyn drive , lester be in the passenger seat . carolyn -- there be no decision , you just write the damn thing ! lester you do not think it 's weird and kinda fascist ? carolyn possibly . but you do not want to be unemployed . lester oh , well , let 's just all sell we soul and work for Satan , because it 's more convenient that way . ( continued ) 8 . continued : carolyn could you be just a little bit more dramatic , please , huh ? as they get out of the car , carolyn scope out the mover next door . carolyn ( cont 'd ) so we have finally get new neighbor . you know , if the loman have let I represent they , instead of -- ( heavy disdain ) -- " the Real estate King , " that house would never have sit on the market for six month . she head into the house , follow by lester . lester well , they be still mad at you for cut down they sycamore . carolyn they sycamore ? c'mon ! a substantial portion of the root structure be on we property . you know that . how can you call it they sycamore ? I would not have the heart to just cut down something if it be not partially mine , which of course it be . int . burnham house - dine room - later that night we hear easy - listening music . lester , carolyn and Jane be eat dinner by candlelight . red rose be bunched in a vase at the center of the table . nobody make eye contact , or even seem aware of anybody else 's presence , until ... jane Mom , do we always have to listen to this elevator music ? carolyn ( consider ) no . no , we do not . as soon as you have prepare a nutritious yet savory meal that I be about to eat , you can listen to whatever you like . a long beat . lester suddenly turn to Jane . ( continued ) 9 . continued : lester so janie , how be school ? jane ( suspicious ) it be okay . lester just okay ? jane no , dad . it be spec-tac-ular . a beat . lester well , you want to know how thing go at my job today ? now she look at he as if he 's lose he mind . lester ( cont 'd ) they have hire this efficiency expert , this really friendly guy name Brad , how perfect be that ? and he 's basically there to make it seem like they be justified in fire somebody , because they could not just come right out and say that , could they ? no , no , that would be too ... honest . and so they have ask we -- ( off she look ) -- you could not possibly care any less , could you ? carolyn be watch this closely . jane ( uncomfortable ) well , what do you expect ? you can not all of a sudden be my best friend , just because you have a bad day . she get up and head toward the kitchen . jane ( cont 'd ) I mean , hello . you have barely even speak to I for month . she 's go . lester notice carolyn look at he critically . lester oh , what , you be mother - of - the-year ? you treat she like a employee . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) carolyn ( take aback ) what ?! lester be quiet , stare at he plate . carolyn ( cont 'd ) ( more authority ) what ? lester get up and start after Jane , take he plate with he . lester I be go to get some ice cream . carolyn watch he go , irritate . int . burnham house - continuous Jane stand at the sink , rinsing off she plate . lester enter . lester honey , I be sorry . I ... Jane turn and stare at he , wait for he to finish . lester ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I have not be more available , I just ... I be ... he 's look to she for a little help here , but she 's too uncomfortable with this sudden intimacy to give he any . lester ( cont 'd ) ( finally ) you know , you do not always have to wait for I to come to you ... jane oh , great . so now it 's my fault ? lester I do not say that . it 's nobody 's fault . janie , what happen ? you and I use to be pal . ext . burnham house - continuous on video : we be look through greenhouse window at lester and Jane in the kitchen we can not hear what they be say , but it 's obvious it 's not go well . ( continued ) 11 . continued : Jane put she plate in the dishwasher and leave . we follow her out the door , then the camera jerk back to lester call after she . close on the face of ricky fitt , illuminate by the screen of he digicam as he videotape . ricky be eighteen , but he eye be much older . beneath he Zen-like tranquility lurk something wounded ... and dangerous . his Pov , on video : through the kitchen window , we see lester at the sink , rinsing off he plate , mutter to himself . his head suddenly jerk up and he look at we , as if he realize he 's be watch . int . burnham house - kitchen - continuous lester 's Pov : we be look out through the kitchen window at the point where ricky be just stand , but he 's no longer there . lester turn off the faucet , dry he hand , then toss the towel on the counter on he way out , where it land next to a frame photograph of lester , carolyn , and a much - young Jane , take several year earlier at a amusement park . it 's startling how happy they look . ext . sale house - day close on a wooden sign that read : OPEN house today burnham &amp ; associate realty 555-0195 carolyn burnham the sign be plant in front of a run - down home in a run-down neighborhood . the mercede be park in front of the house . carolyn , wear a smart business suit , be unload a box of clean supplies and a boombox from the back of the mercede when something across the street catch she eye . her Pov : in front of a different house with much more curb appeal be another sign , feature a picture of a handsome silver - haire man . it read : another one sold by buddy kane the Real estate King 555-0100 carolyn frown and slam the back of the mercede shut . 12 . int . sale house - live room - moment later the interior of this house be ugly , oppressive and tasteless . carolyn open the front door , breathes deeply and solemnly announce : carolyn I will sell this house today . she neatly arrange she sale material on a desk , then strip down to she undergarment . montage : we see carolyn , work with fierce concentration as she : clean glass door that overlook the patio and pool ; doggedly scrub countertop in the kitchen ; perches on a stepladder to dust a cheap - look ceiling fan in the master bedroom ; and vacuum a dirty carpet that will never be clean . throughout all this , she keep repeat to herself : carolyn ( cont 'd ) I will sell this house today . I will sell this house today . I will sell this house today . int . sale house - bathroom - later carolyn stand in front of the mirror , wear she suit once more , apply lipstick . she stare at she reflection critically . carolyn I will sell this house today . she say this as if it be a threat , then notice a smudge on the mirror and wipe it off . ext . sale house - front yard - later the front door open to reveal carolyn , greeting we with the smile she think could sell ice to a eskimo . carolyn welcome . I be carolyn burnham ! 13 . int . sale house - foyer - continuous smiling , carolyn lead a man and woman into the live room . they be thirtyish , and they have see a lot of house today . carolyn this live room be very dramatic . wait ' till you see the native stone fireplace ! the man and woman glance around the dark room , unimpress . carolyn ( cont 'd ) a simple cream would really lighten thing up . you could even put in a skylight . the woman wrinkle she face , skeptical . carolyn ( cont 'd ) well , why do not we go into the kitchen ? int . sale house - kitchen - later carolyn enter , follow by a different couple in they fifty . carolyn it 's a dream come true for any cook . just fill with positive energy . huh ? int . sale house - master bedroom - later carolyn stand with a different couple : African american , late twenty . the woman be pregnant . carolyn ... and you will be surprised how much a ceiling fan can cut down on you energy cost . ext . sale house - back yard - later carolyn stand by the pool next to two fortyish women . carolyn you know , you could have some really fun backyard get-together out here . woman # 1 the ad say this pool be " lagoon -like . " there 's nothing " lagoon - like " about it . except for maybe the bug . ( continued ) 14 . continued : woman # 2 there 's not even any plant out here . carolyn ( be : shrub ) what do you call this ? be this not a plant ? if you have a problem with the plant , I can always call my landscape architect . solve . woman # 2 I mean , I think " lagoon , " I think waterfall , I think tropical . this be a cement hole . a beat . carolyn I have some tiki torch in the garage . int . sale house - SUN room - later carolyn enter , alone . she 's furious . she lock the slide glass door and start to pull the vertical blind shut , then stop . stand very still , with the blind casting shadow across she face , she start to cry : brief , staccato sob that seemingly escape against she will . suddenly she slap herself , hard . carolyn shut up . stop it . you ... weak ! but the tear continue . she slap herself again . carolyn ( cont 'd ) weak . baby . shut up . shut up ! shut up ! she slap herself repeatedly until she stop cry . she stand there , take deep breath until she have everything under control , then pull the blind shut , once again all business . she walk out calmly , leave we alone in the dark , empty room . we hear cheering and applause . int . high school gymnasium - night we be at a high - school basketball game . teenage boy play a fast and furious game . one team wear pale blue and white uniform score a basket . perky cheerleader jump up and down as the crowd go wild . ( continued ) 15 . continued : seat in the bleacher , next to the high school band , be a group of about twenty teenage girl , dress in pale blue and white uniform . among they , Jane sit next to angela haye . at sixteen , Angela be strikingly beautiful ; with perfect even feature , blonde hair and a nubile young body , she 's the archetypal american dream girl . Jane stand and scan the bleacher . angela who be you look for ? jane my parent be come tonight . they be try to , you know , take a active interest in I . angela Gross . I hate it when my mom do that . jane they be such asshole . why can not they just have they own life ? int . mercede - benz ml320 - continuous carolyn drive . lester be slump in the passenger seat . lester what make you so sure she want we to be there ? do she ask we to come ? carolyn of course not . she do not want we to know how important this be to she . but she 's be practice she step for week . lester well , I bet money she 's go to resent it . and I be miss the James bond marathon on tnt . carolyn lester , this be important . I be sense a real distance grow between you and Jane . lester grow ? she hate I . carolyn she 's just willful . ( continued ) 16 . continued : lester she hate you too . carolyn stare at he , unsure of how to respond . int . high school gymnasium - later the uniform girl now stand in formation on the gym floor . announcer ( over p.a. ) and now , for you half - time entertainment , rockwell High 's award - win Dancing spartanettes ! in the crowded stand , lester and carolyn find seat . lester we can leave right after this , right ? the high school band play " on broadway . " on the gym floor , the girl perform . they be well - rehearse , but too young to carry off the ambitious Vegas routine they be attempt . lester , watch from the stand , pick out he daughter . his Pov : Jane perform well , concentrate . Dancing awkwardly next to she be Angela . suddenly Angela look right at we and smile ... a lazy , insolent smile . lester lean forward in he seat . his Pov : we be focus on Angela now . everything start to slow down ... the music acquire a eerie echo ... we zoom slowly toward lester as he watch , transfix . his Pov : Angela 's awkwardness give way to a fluid grace , and " on broadway " fade into dreamy , hypnotic music . the light on Angela grow stronger , and the other girl disappear entirely . lester be suddenly alone in the stand , spellbound . his Pov : Angela look directly at we now , dance only for lester . her movement take on a blatantly erotic edge as she start to unzip she uniform , teasing we with a expression that 's both innocent and know , then ... she pull she uniform OPEN and a profusion of red rose petal spill forth ... and we smash CUT to : 17 . int . high school gymnasium - continuous Angela , fully clothed , be once again surround by the other girl . the high school band play its last note , the Dancing spartanettes strike they final pose , and the audience applaud . carolyn clap along with the rest of the audience . lester just sit there , unable to take he eye off Angela . ext . high school gymnasium - later the game be long over . Jane and Angela come out of the gym . jane oh shit , they be still here . her Pov : lester and carolyn stand at the edge of the parking lot . lester janie ! carolyn hi ! I really enjoy that ! she cross reluctantly toward she parent , follow by Angela . lester congratulation , honey , you be great . jane I do not win anything . lester ( to Angela ) hi , I be lester . janie 's dad . angela oh. hi. a awkward beat . jane this be my friend , Angela haye . lester okay , good to meet you . you be also good tonight . very ... precise . ( continued ) 18 . continued : angela ( warming ) thanks . carolyn ( to Angela ) Nice to meet you , Angela . ( to Jane ) honey , I be so proud of you . I watch you very closely , and you do not screw up once . ( then , to lester ) okay , we have to go . she start toward the parking lot . lester stay behind . lester so , what be you girl do now ? jane dad . angela we be go out for pizza . lester oh really , do you need a ride ? we can give you a ride . I have a car . you wanna come with we ? angela thanks ... but I have a car . lester oh , you have a car . oh . that 's great ! that 's great , because janie 's think about get a car soon too , be not you , honey ? jane ( you freak ) dad . Mom 's wait for you . lester well , it be very nice meeting you , Angela . any , uh , friend of janie 's be a friend of mine . Angela smile , aware of the power she have over he . he be mesmerize ; grateful , even . lester ( cont 'd ) well ... I will be see you around then . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) lester wave awkwardly as he cross off . jane could he be any more pathetic ? angela I think it 's sweet . and I think he and you mother have not have sex in a long time . int . burnham house - master bedroom - a few hour later close on a solitary red rose petal as it fall slowly through the air . we be look down on lester and carolyn in bed . even in sleep , carolyn look determine . lester be awake and stare up at we . lester it 's the weirdest thing . the rose petal drift into view , landing on he pillow . lester ( cont 'd ) I feel like I have be in a coma for about twenty year , and I be just now waking up . more rose petal fall onto the bed , and he smile up at ... his Pov : Angela , naked , float above we as a deluge of rose petal fall around she . her hair fan out around she head and glow with a subtle , burnish light . she look down at we with a smile that be all thing ... lester smile back and laugh , as rose petal cover he face . lester ( cont 'd ) spec-tac-ular . ext . robin hood trail - continuous a white BMW 328si convertible be park on the street outside the burnham 's house . we hear girlish laughter from inside . int . angela' BMW - continuous Angela be behind the wheel , Jane in the passenger seat . they be pass a joint back and forth . jane I be sorry my dad be so weird tonight . ( continued ) 20 . continued : angela it 's okay . I be use to guy drool over I . it start when I be about twelve , I would go out to dinner with my parent . every Thursday night , Red lobster . and every guy there would stare at I when I walk in . and I know what they be think . just like I know guy at school think about I when they jerk off . jane vomit . angela no , I like it . and I still like it . if people I do not even know look at I and want to fuck I , it mean I really have a shot at be a model . which be great , because there 's nothing worse in life than be ordinary . a awkward beat . Jane stare at the floor . jane I really think it will happen for you . angela oh , I know . because everything that be mean to happen , do . eventually . ext . burnham house - continuous on video : Jane get out of the car , still laughing , and wave as Angela pull away . we zoom toward Jane as she walk up the driveway . she turn suddenly , sense we presence . her Pov : we be look at the colonial house next door where the move van be park earlier . the front porch be shroud in darkness ... then a porch light abruptly reveal ricky . as usual , he 's dress conservatively . there be a beeper attach to he belt , and he digicam dangle loosely around he neck . irritate , Jane stare at he , hard . jane asshole . he look back at she curiously , then raise he digicam and start to videotape she . his Pov , on video : Jane , angry and self - conscious , turn and walk quickly toward she house , flipping we off as she go . 21 . int . burnham house - foyer - continuous Jane enter , close and lock the door . she quickly turn off the light that 's be leave on for she , then peek through a window . her Pov : there 's no sign of ricky . Jane turn back into the room , she heart racing ... and smile . int . burnham house - jane's bedroom - the next morning close on a address book : a man 's hand flip to the h page and then he finger stop at the name Angela haye . lester , dress for work , go through Jane 's address book . we hear the shower run in the adjacent bathroom . he grab Jane 's phone and dial , then stand with the receiver to he ear , nervous . angela ( over phone line ) hello ? hello ? lester be freeze , unable to speak . suddenly , the shower be turn off in the next room . lester hang up and exit quickly . a moment , then the phone ring . Jane emerge from the bathroom , a towel wrap around she torso , drying she wet hair . she pick up the phone . jane hello ? int . haye house - angela' bedroom - continuous Angela be sprawle across she bed , on the phone . angela why would you call I ? intercut with jane in her bedroom : jane I do not . angela well , my phone just ring and I answer it and somebody hang up and then I star sixty - nine and it call you back . ( continued ) 22 . continued : jane I be in the shower . then Jane notice she address book open to the h page . jane ( cont 'd ) oh , gross . ext . burnham house - continuous on video : we be across from Jane 's window , look in . Jane pick up the address book , frown . she speak into the phone , but we can not hear she . woman' voice ( o.c. ) ( sing song ) Rick -y ! break-fast ! int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - continuous ricky stand at he window , videotape . he lower he digicam , but he eye remain lock on Jane across the way . ricky be right there . int . fitt house - kitchen - moment later barbara fitt stand at the stove , flipping bacon strip mechanically , she eye focus elsewhere . at least ten year young than she husband , she 's pretty in a June cleaver - ish way . the Colonel sit at a dinette read the Wall Street Journal . ricky enter . ricky Mom . startle , Barbara turn to he . barbara hello . as she attempt to serve he bacon : ricky I do not eat bacon , remember ? barbara ( unnerve ) I be sorry , I must have forget . ricky serve himself scramble egg from another pan , then join he father at the table . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ricky what 's new in the world , dad ? colonel this country be go straight to hell . a doorbell ring . the Colonel and Barbara look at each other , alarmed . colonel ( cont 'd ) be you expect anyone ? barbara no. ( think ) no . the Colonel head toward the live room , a little puffed up . int . fitt house - foyer - moment later the Colonel open the front door to reveal the two jim . jim # 1 hi. jim # 2 welcome to the neighborhood . Jim # 1 hold out a basket fill with flower , vegetable and a small white cardboard box tie with raffia . jim # 1 just a little something from we garden . jim # 2 except for the pasta , we get that at fallaci 's . jim # 1 it 's unbelievably fresh . you just drop it in the water and it 's do . the Colonel stare at they , suspicious . jim # 1 ( cont 'd ) ( offer he hand ) Jim olmeyer . two door down . welcome to the neighborhood . colonel ( shake ) Colonel Frank fitt , U.S. Marine Corps . ( continued ) 24 . continued : jim # 1 Nice to meet you . and this be my partner ... jim # 2 ( offer he hand ) Jim berkley , but people call I j.b. colonel let 's cut to the chase , okay ? what be you guy sell ? jim # 2 ( after a beat ) nothing . we just want to say hi to we new neighbor -- colonel yeah , yeah , yeah . but you say you be partner . so what 's you business ? the jim look at each other , then back at the Colonel . jim # 1 well , he 's a tax attorney . jim # 2 and he 's a anesthesiologist . the Colonel look at they , confuse . then it dawns on he . int . colonel' ford explorer - later the Colonel drive , stare darkly at the road ahead . in the passenger seat , ricky be use a calculator and jotting number down in a notebook . colonel how come this faggot always have to rub it in you face ? how can they be so shameless ? ricky that 's the whole thing , dad . they do not feel like it 's anything to be ashamed of . the Colonel look at ricky sharply . colonel well , it be . a beat , as ricky continue he calculation , before he realize a response be expect from he . then : ( continued ) 25 . continued : ricky yeah , you be right . the Colonel 's eye flash angrily . colonel do not placate I like I be you mother , boy . ricky sigh , then look at he father . ricky forgive I , sir , for speak so bluntly , but that fag make I want to puke my fuck gut out . the Colonel be take aback but quickly cover . colonel I too , son . I too . case close , ricky go back to he calculation . close on the pencil in he hand : he 's total two column of number . under the column " income " he write in swift , bold stroke : $ 24,950.00 . ext . high school campus - a short time later Jane and Angela be stand with two other teenage girl . angela I be serious , he just pull down he pants and yank it out . you know , like , say hello to Mr. happy . teenage girl # 1 Gross . angela it be not gross . it be kind of cool . teenage girl # 1 so , do you do it with he ? angela of course I do . he be a really well - know photographer ? he shoot for elle on like , a regular basis ? it would have be so majorly stupid of I to turn he down . 26 . teenage girl # 2 you be a total prostitute . angela hey . that 's how thing really be . you just do not know , because you be this pampere little suburban chick . teenage girl # 2 so be you . you have only be in seventeen once , and you look fat , so stop act like you be goddamn christy turlington . the two teenage girl move away from Jane and Angela . angela ( call off ) cunt ! ( then ) I be so sick of people take they insecurity out on I . the Colonel 's Ford explorer pull up , and ricky get out . jane oh my God . that 's the pervert who film I last night . angela him ? Jane . no way . he 's a total lunatic . jane you know he ? angela yeah . we be on the same lunch shift when I be in ninth grade , and he would always say the most random , weird thing , and then one day , he be just like , go . and then , connie cardullo tell I he he parent have to put he in a mental institution . jane why ? what do he do ? angela what do you mean ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : jane well , they can not put you away just for say weird thing . Angela stare at Jane , then she mouth widen into a smile . angela you total slut . you have get a crush on he . jane what ? please . angela you be defend he ! you love he . you want to have like , ten thousand of he baby . jane shut up . Jane suddenly find ricky stand in front of she . ricky hi . my name 's ricky . I just move next door to you . jane I know . I kinda remember this really creepy incident when you be filming I last night ? ricky I do not mean to scare you . I just think you be interesting . Angela shoot a wide - eye look at Jane , who ignore it . jane thanks , but I really do not need to have some psycho obsess about I right now . ricky I be not obsess . I be just curious . he look at she intently , he eye search hers . Jane be unnerve and have to look away . ricky smile and walk off . angela what a freak . and why do he dress like a Bible salesman ? ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) jane he 's like , so confident . that can not be real . angela I do not believe he . I mean , he do not even like , look at I once . int . fitt house - den - that night close on a tv screen : " hogan 's heroes " on Nick at nite . the Colonel and Barbara be seat on a couch , watch television . the Colonel be smile , enjoy the show ; Barbara just stare . the Colonel chuckle at a joke and startles she . we hear a door open elsewhere in the house , and ricky enter . ricky hey . he sit on the couch , next to he father , and watch tv along with they . the Colonel 's smile fade . barbara ( out of the blue ) I be sorry , what ? ricky mom. nobody say anything . barbara oh. I be sorry . the three of they stare at the tv , like stranger in a airport . int . HOTEL ballroom - night we hear music under a room full of people all talk at once , as lester and carolyn enter a hotel ballroom . we follow they as they pass a sign that read : greater rockwell realtor resource group carolyn -- everyone here be with they spouse or they significant other . how would it look if I show up with no one ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : lester well , you always end up ignore I and go off -- Inside the ballroom , well - dress real estate professional stand in clump , chat . cater waiter serve hor d'eouvre . carolyn now listen to I . this be a important business function . as you know , my business be sell a image . and part of my job be to live that image -- lester just say whatever you want to say and spare I the propaganda . carolyn ( spot someone ) hi , shirley ! ( to lester ) listen , just do I a favor . Act happy tonight ? lester ( grin stupidly ) I be happy , honey . carolyn 's jaw tighten , then : carolyn ( spot someone ) oh! buddy ! she drag lester toward a silver - haire man and he much young wife . we recognize the man as buddy kane , the Real estate King . carolyn ( cont 'd ) ( shake buddy 's hand ) buddy ! buddy . hi ! good to see you again . buddy it 's so good to see you too , Catherine . carolyn carolyn . buddy carolyn ! of course . how be you ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) carolyn very well , thank you . ( to he wife ) hello , christy . christy hello . carolyn my husband , lester -- buddy ( shake lester 's hand ) it 's a pleasure . lester oh , we have meet before , actually . this thing last year . or the Christmas thing at the Sheraton . buddy oh , yes . lester it 's okay . I would not remember I either . he laugh . a little too loudly . carolyn quickly join in . carolyn ( force gaiety ) honey . do not be weird . she smile she most win smile at he . he know this persona well , only it 's never piss he off as much as it do right now . lester all right , honey . I will not be weird . ( he face close to hers ) I will be whatever you want I to be . and he kiss she - - a soft , warm kiss that speak unmistakably of sex - - then turn to the other and grin . lester ( cont 'd ) we have a very healthy relationship . buddy I see . carolyn 's smile be freeze on she face . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 3 ) lester well . I do not know about you , but I need a drink . he cross off . carolyn , buddy and christy watch he go . int . HOTEL ballroom - moment later lester stand at the bar . a bartender pour he a drink . lester whoa . put a little more in there , cowboy . the bartender comply . lester take he drink and turn to face the center of the room . his Pov : carolyn be talk to buddy and christy . she 's on : smile , animated , laughing too loud at they joke . lester shake he head . ricky approach he , wear a waiter 's uniform , carry a tray of empty glass . ricky Excuse I . do not you live on Robin Hood Trail ? the house with the red door ? lester ( suspicious ) yeah . ricky I be ricky fitt . I just move into the house next to you . lester oh. hi , ricky fitt . I be lester burnham . ricky hi , lester burnham . a beat . lester look away , scan the crowd , then downs the rest of he drink in one gulp . ricky just stand there , watch he . finally lester turn back to ricky : what do this kid want ? ricky ( cont 'd ) do you party ? lester Excuse I ? ricky do you get high ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : lester 's surprised , but instantly intrigue . int . HOTEL ballroom - moment later carolyn and buddy be deep in conversation . christy have wander off . carolyn be nervous ; buddy seem amused . carolyn you know , I probably would not even tell you this if I be not a little tipsy , but ... I be in complete awe of you . I mean , you firm be , hand down , the roll royce of local Real estate firm , and you personal sale record be , be , be very intimidating . you know , I would love to sit down with you and just pick you brain , if you would ever be willing . I suppose , technically , I be the " competition , " but ... I mean , hey , I do not flatter myself that I be even in the same league as you ... buddy I would love to . carolyn ( shocked ) really ? buddy absolutely . call my secretary and have she schedule a lunch . carolyn I will do that . thank you . they look at each other for a beat , then look away . this situation be load and they both know it . ext . HOTEL - later ricky and lester stand next to a dumpster behind the service entrance to the hotel , smoking a joint . lester ... do you ever see that movie , where the body 's walk around hold its own head ? and then the head go down on that babe ? ricky re-animator . ( continued ) 33 . continued : suddenly , the service entrance open , and a large catering boss in a cheap suit peer out at they . ricky hide the joint . catering boss ( to ricky ) look . I be not pay you to ... ( eye lester , suspiciously ) ... do whatever it be you be do out here . ricky Fine . so do not pay I . catering boss Excuse I ? ricky I quit . so you do not have to pay I . now , leave I alone . catering boss asshole . he go back inside . lester look at ricky , who shrug . lester I think you just become my personal hero . ( then ) do not that make you nervous , just quit you job like that ? well , I guess when you be all of , what ? sixteen ? ricky eighteen . ( then ) I just do this gig as a cover . I have other source of income . but my dad interfere less in my life when I pretend to be a upstand young citizen with a respectable job . carolyn ( o.c. ) lester ? carolyn be stand in the open service entrance . lester quickly hide the joint behind he back . carolyn ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) lester honey , this be ... ( laugh ) ricky fitt . this be ricky fitt . ricky I be ricky fitt , I just move in the house next to you . I go to school with you daughter . lester with Jane ? really ? ricky yeah . Jane . carolyn hi. ( then , to lester ) I be ready to go . I will meet you out front . and she go back inside . lester uh-oh . I be in trouble . Nice meeting you , ricky fitt . thanks for the , uh , thing . ricky any time . lester go inside . ricky ( cont 'd ) ( call after he ) lester . if you want any more , you know where I live . int . burnham house - family room - later Jane and Angela be watch MTV . we hear the back door open . jane oh , shit . they be home . Quick , let 's go up to my room . Jane switch off the tv . angela I should say hi to you dad . ( off Jane 's look ) I do not want to be rude . she start toward the kitchen . Jane do not like this . 35 . int . burnham house - kitchen - continuous lester enter and open the refrigerator . angela ( o.c. ) Nice suit . he turn , and be instantly transfix by : his Pov : Angela lean against the counter , twirling she hair . angela ( cont 'd ) you be look good , Mr. burnham . she start toward he . angela ( cont 'd ) last time I see you , you look kind of wound up . ( spot something ) ooh , be that root beer ? she reach inside the refrigerator to grab a bottle . as she do , she move to place she other hand casually on lester 's shoulder . he see it come . everything slow down , and all sound fade ... extreme close up on she hand as it briefly touch he shoulder in slow motion . we hear only the amplify brush of she finger against the fabric of he suit , and its unnatural , hollow echo ... back in real time : she grab the root beer and smile at he . close on lester : he eye narrow slightly , then : he cup she face in he hand and kiss she . she seem shocked , but do not resist as he pull she toward he with surprising strength . he break the kiss , look at she in awe , then he reach up and touch he lip . his eye widen as he pull a rose petal from he mouth right before we smash CUT to : int . burnham house - kitchen - continuous Angela be back against the counter , drink the root beer . lester stand by the refrigerator , gaze at she , still lose in fantasy . angela I love root beer , do not you ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : Jane watch from the doorway to the family room , feel incredibly awkward in she own home . carolyn enter from the dining room . lester snap out of it and grab a root beer from the refrigerator . jane Mom , you remember Angela . carolyn ( she sale smile ) yes , of course ! jane I forget to tell you , she 's spend the night . be that okay ? lester sure ! he take a sip of he root beer , but it go down the wrong way and he start coughing violently . int . burnham house - jane's bedroom - later that night Angela lay on the bed , in bra and panty , read a magazine . Jane , in a oversize T shirt , play a video game on she computer . jane I be sorry about my dad . angela do not be . I think it 's funny . jane yeah , to you , he 's just another guy who want to jump you bone . but to I ... he 's just too embarrassing to live . angela you mom 's the one who 's embarrassing . what a phony . Jane glance at Angela , irritate . angela ( cont 'd ) you dad 's actually kind of cute . jane shut up . 37 . int . burnham house - hallway - continuous lester , still in he suit , stand outside Jane 's room , he ear up against the door . he can not believe what he 's hearing . angela ( o.c. ) he be . if he just work out a little , he would be hot . int . burnham house - jane's room - continuous jane shut up . angela oh , come on . like you have never sneak a peek at he in he underwear ? I bet he 's get a big dick . jane you be so gross I out right now . angela ( really enjoy this ) if he build up he chest and arm , I would totally fuck he . Jane cover she ear and start singing to drow she out . int . burnham house - hallway - continuous lester , still listen , look like he 's about to implode . angela ( o.c. ) ( laugh ) I would ! I would suck you dad 's big fat dick , and then I would fuck he ' till he eye roll back in he head ! ( then ) what be that noise ? Jane . Jane 's singing stop . angela ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) I swear I hear something . panicked , lester scurries down the hall . int . burnham house - jane's bedroom - continuous jane yeah , it be the sound of you be a huge disgusting pig . ( continued ) 38 . continued : angela I be serious . we hear the sharp tap of a penny be throw against glass . angela ( cont 'd ) see ? Angela cross to the window and look out . angela ( cont 'd ) ( spot something ) oh my god. Jane . ext . burnham house - continuous we see Angela stand at the window in she underwear , look down at we . Jane join she and be immediately unnerve by : they Pov : in the burnham 's driveway , the word " jane " be spell out in FIRE . int . burnham house - jane's bedroom - continuous angela it 's that psycho next door . Jane , what if he worship you ? what if he 's get a shrine with picture of you surround by dead people 's head and stuff ? jane shit . I bet he 's filming we right now . angela ( intrigue ) really ? ext . burnham house - continuous on video : we be across from Jane 's window , look in . Jane try to shut the drape , but Angela will not let she . irritate , Jane retreat into the room . we zoom toward she , even as Angela pose in the window ; we be clearly not interested in Angela . the zoom continue , search for Jane , who have disappear . finally , we settle on the small make - up mirror where we see a reflection of Jane , back at she computer . she 's smile . then suddenly the drape close and she 's go . 39 . int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - continuous ricky sit in darkness with he digicam , videotape . he lower the camera and smile ... then something below catch he attention . he lean out the window to get a better look at : ext . burnham house - garage - continuous ricky 's Pov : through a window on the side of the burnham 's garage door , we see lester , still in he suit , digging through shelf against the back wall . int . burnham house - garage - continuous lester dig through stuff store on the shelf , search for something as if he very life depend on it . lester shit. shit ! he yank aside college yearbook , a racquetball racquet , box of old hot rod magazine , a unopen remote - control model jeep kit , stack of old vinyl lps ... finally he face light up when he find : a pair of dumbbell obviously unused for many year . lester rip off he jacket and tie and unbutton he shirt . he glance around , find he reflection in the window as he pull off he shirt , then the T-shirt underneath . he eye himself critically : Angela be right , he 's not in bad shape . just a few extra pound around he middle that would not be hard to shed . he kick off he shoe and begin to step out of he pants . int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - continuous ricky hold he digicam up and start to videotape . ext . burnham house - garage - continuous ricky 's Pov , on video : through a window on the side of the burnham 's garage , we see lester step out of he pants and brief . then , naked except for he black sock , he grab the dumbbell and start lift they , watch he reflection in the window as he do . int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - continuous ricky stand at the window , videotape . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ricky welcome to America 's weirdest Home video . suddenly we hear someone try to open a lock door . colonel ( o.c. ) ricky ! move swiftly , ricky pull the drape shut and switch on a light . his room be a haven of high - tech . a state-of- the-art multimedia computer crowd he desk , and high - end stereo and video equipment line the shelf , as well as hundred of CD . there be easily twenty thousand dollar worth of equipment in this room . ricky come , dad . colonel ( o.c . ) you know I do not like lock door in my house , boy . ricky open the door . the Colonel stand outside , eyeing he . ricky I be sorry , I must have lock it by accident . so what 's up ? the Colonel hold out a small plastic cup with a cap . colonel I need a urine sample . ricky wow . it 's be six month already . can I give it to you in the morning ? I just take a whiz . colonel yeah , I suppose . ( a awkward beat ) well . good night , son . he disappear down the hall . ricky smile , shut and lock he door . he put the plastic cup on the shelf , then cross to a mini refrigerator in the corner of he room and take out a cup-size tupperware container from the freezer , already fill with urine , albeit freeze , and place it on a saucer to thaw overnight . 41 . int burnham house - master bedroom - later that night carolyn lie sleep . lester be awake , stare at the ceiling . after a moment , he get up , take care not to disturb carolyn , and walk toward the bathroom . int . burnham house - master bath - continuous lester enter and switch on the light . the room be fill with steam . lester look around , confuse , then focus on : his Pov : across from we , in a pedestal bathtub , be Angela . she smile and beckon we , and we move closer . rose petal float on the surface of the water , obscure she naked body . angela I have be wait for you . lester kneel by the bathtub like a man in church . angela ( cont 'd ) you have be work out , have not you ? I can tell . she arch she back and look up at he provocatively . angela ( cont 'd ) I be hope you would give I a bath ... I be very , very dirty . lester give she a hard look , then slowly slip he hand into the water between she leg . her eye widen and she throw she head back ... and we smash CUT to : int . burnham house - master bedroom - continuous close on carolyn , she eye wide , listen to the rhythmic brush of lester 's hand as he masturbate under the cover . she flip over and face he . carolyn what be you do ? a beat . lester nothing . carolyn switch on the bedside light . carolyn you be masturbate . ( continued ) 42 . continued : lester I be not . carolyn yes , you be . he turn to she , try to look innocent , then give up . lester all right , so shoot I . I be whack off . carolyn get out of bed , repell . lester laugh . lester ( cont 'd ) that 's right . I be choke the bishop . shave the carrot . say hi to my monster . carolyn that 's disgusting . lester well , excuse I , but I still have blood pump through my vein ! carolyn so do I ! lester really ? I be the only one who seem to be do anything about it . carolyn lester . I refuse to live like this . this be not a marriage . lester this have not be a marriage for year . but you be happy as long as I keep my mouth shut . well , guess what ? I have change . and the new I whacks off when he feel horny , because you be obviously not go to help I out in that department . carolyn oh. I see . you think you be the only one who 's sexually frustrated ? lester I be not ? well then , come on , baby ! I be ready . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) carolyn ( furious ) do not mess with I , mister , or I will divorce you so fast it will make you head spin ! lester on what grounds ? I be not a drunk , I do not fuck other woman , I do not mistreat you , I have never hit you , or even try to touch you since you make it so abundantly clear just how unnecessary you consider I to be . but . I do support you while you get you license . and some people might think that entitle I to half of what 's yours . she sink into a chair , stunne . it 's clear he know where she 's most vulnerable . he see this , and like it ; it feel good to win for a change . he curl up under the cover contentedly . lester ( cont 'd ) turn out the light when you come to bed , okay ? close on lester , smile . ext . robin hood trail - early morning we be flying high above the neighborhood . below we we see the two jim , jogging . we approach they steadily . lester it 's a great thing when you realize you still have the ability to surprise yourself . make you wonder what else you can do that you have forget about . ext . robin hood trail - continuous we be now at street level , following the two jim . lester hey ! you guy ! still run , the jim turn back in perfect unison , as lester run into frame , wear a baggy sweatshirt and a pair of fade old sweatpant . the jim slow down until he catch up , then the three man run together in the early morning light . ( continued ) 44 . continued : jim # 2 lester , I do not know you run . lester ( panting ) well , I just start . jim # 1 good for you . lester I figure you guy might be able to give I some pointer . I need to shape up . fast . jim # 1 well , be you just look to lose weight , or do you want have increase strength and flexibility as well ? lester I want to look good naked . ext . fitt house - a short time later the Colonel be wash he Ford explorer , squatting to scrub the bumper , when something catch he eye : his Pov : lester and the jim jog down the street . the Colonel stand , scowling , as ricky come out of the house , hold the urine sample in front of he . colonel what be this , the fuck gay pride parade ? lester break off from the two jim and jog up to ricky and the Colonel , out of breath . he grab hold of he knee and bend over , panting . lester hey ! yo! ricky ! ( be : the jim ) my entire life be pass before my eye , and that two have barely break a sweat . he laugh , and extend he hand to the Colonel . lester ( cont 'd ) sorry , hi. lester burnham , I live next door . we have not meet . ( continued ) 45 . continued : colonel ( shake ) colonel Frank fitt , U.S. Marine Corps . lester whoa . welcome to the neighborhood , sir . he salute the Colonel good - naturedly , grin . the Colonel do not think it 's funny . a awkward beat . lester ( cont 'd ) so , ricky , uh , I be think about the , uh ... I be gonna ... the movie we talk about ... ricky ( quickly ) re-animator . lester yeah ! ricky you want to borrow it ? ( before lester can answer ) okay , it 's up in my room . come on . he head into the house . lester wave at the Colonel , then follow he . the Colonel watch they go , he eye dark . int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - moment later ricky enter , follow by lester . ricky can you hold this for a sec ? lester sure . he give the urine specimen to lester , then lock the door . ricky I do not think my dad would try to come in when somebody else be here , but you never know . ricky cross to a bureau and open a drawer . he take clothing out and pile it on he bed . lester ( be : urine sample ) what be this ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : ricky urine . I have to take a drug test every six month to make sure I be clean . lester be you kid ? you just smoke with I last night . ricky it 's not mine . one of my client be a nurse in a pediatrician 's office . I cut she a deal , she keep I in clean piss . lester pick up a CD case from a shelf and examine it . lester you like pink floyd ? ricky I like a lot of music . lester man , I have not listen to this album in year . he shake he head , then put the CD case down . ricky , have emptied the drawer , now remove a false bottom , revealing row of marijuana , tightly pack in zip - loc bag . ricky how much do you want ? lester I do not know , it 's be a while . how much be a ounce ? ricky ( indicate bag ) well , this be totally decent , and it 's three hundred . lester wow . ricky ( indicate another bag ) but this shit be top of the line . it 's call G - 13 . genetically engineered by the U.S. government . extremely potent . but a completely mellow high , no paranoia . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) lester be that what we smoke last night ? ricky this be all I ever smoke . lester how much ? ricky two grand . lester Jesus . thing have change since 1973 . ricky you do not have to pay now . I know you be good for it . a beat . lester thanks . ricky ( hand he a bag ) there 's a card in there with my beeper number , call I anytime day or night . and I only accept cash . lester ( look around room ) well , now I know how you can afford all this equipment . when I be you age , I flip burger all summer just to be able to buy a eight track . ricky that suck . lester no actually , it be great . all I do be party and get laid . ( smile ) I have my whole life ahead of I ... ricky my dad think I pay for all this with catering job . ( off lester 's look ) never underestimate the power of denial . lester smile . this kid 's cool . 48 . ext . burnham house - later carolyn , carry a basket of fresh cut rose , pass by the garage window . from inside the garage , we hear rock music . carolyn stop and sniff the air , frown . she peer through the window . her Pov : lester , in a T-shirt and gym short , lie on a new weight bench , do bench press with shiny new barbell . int . garage - continuous rock music blast from a new boombox on the floor . the garage be in the process of become lester 's sanctuary . a ugly but comfortable 70 's BOWL chair have be pull out and clean off , he old hot rod magazine strewn across it , and the remote - control model jeep kit be spread across a card table . the shelve that lester tore through earlier have be dismantle , leave a blank wall on which now hang a dart board . lester finish he last rep , strain , then put the weight in they rack and sit up . as he take a drag off a joint , the garage door suddenly start to open . lester look up , squinting at : his Pov : the door raise to reveal carolyn , silhouett against the bright sunlight outside , point a remote at we . lester uh-oh , mom 's mad . carolyn what the hell do you think you be do ? lester bench press . I be go to wail on my pecs , and then I be go to do my back . carolyn I see you be smoking pot now . I be so glad . I think use illegal psychotropic substance be a very positive example to set for we daughter . lester you be one to talk , you bloodless , money - grub freak . ( continued ) 49 . continued : carolyn ( hostile ) lester . you have such hostility in you ! lester do you mind ? I be try to work out here . ( then , suggestively ) unless you want to spot I . carolyn you will not get away with this . you can be sure of that ! and she 's go . lester lean back on the bench and grab the weight . lester ( as he lift ) that 's . what . you . think . int . brad' office - day Brad be seat behind he desk , read a document . lester sit across from he , smile . brad ( read ) " ... my job consist of basically mask my contempt for the asshole in charge , and , at least once a day , retire to the men' room so I can jerk off , while I fantasize about a life that do not so closely resemble hell . " ( look up at lester ) well , you obviously have no interest in save yourself . lester ( laugh ) Brad , for fourteen year I have be a whore for the advertising industry . the only way I could save myself now be if I start firebombing . brad whatever . management want you go by the end of the day . lester well , just what sort of severance package be " management " prepare to offer I ? ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . continued : lester ( cont 'd ) consider the information I have about we editorial director buy pussy with company money . a beat . lester ( cont 'd ) which I be sure would interest the i.r.s. , since it technically constitute fraud . and I be sure that some of we advertiser and rival publication might like to know about it as well . not to mention , Craig 's wife . Brad sigh . brad what do you want ? lester one year 's salary , with benefit . brad that 's not go to happen . lester well , what do you say I throw in a little sexual harassment charge to boot ? Brad laugh . brad against who ? lester against you . Brad stop laugh . lester ( cont 'd ) can you prove you do not offer to save my job if I would let you blow I ? Brad lean back in he chair , study lester . brad man . you be one twisted fuck . lester ( stand ) nope . I be just a ordinary guy with nothing to lose . 51 . int . office build - moment later exhilated , lester walk down a corridor , he belonging in a box on he shoulder . he 's happier than he 's be in year . lester yeah ! int . restaurant - later that day carolyn sit at a table , lose in think . there be two menus on the table . after a moment , buddy kane , the Real estate King , join she . carolyn immediately become warm and gracious . buddy carolyn . carolyn buddy . carolyn smile , genuinely touch that he remember she name . buddy I be so sorry I keep you wait . christy leave for New York this morning , and ... let 's just say thing be very hectic around the house . carolyn what 's she do in New York ? buddy she 's move there . ( off carolyn 's look ) yes . we be split up . carolyn buddy . I be so sorry . buddy ( bitterly ) yes , accord to she , I be too focus on my career . as if be drive to succeed be some sort of character flaw . well , she certainly know how to take advantage of the lifestyle my success afforded she . oh. wow. ( then , laugh ) ah , it 's for the best . ( continued ) 52 . continued : carolyn when I see you two at the party the other night , you seem perfectly happy . buddy well , call I crazy , but it be my philosophy that in order to be successful , one must project a image of success , at all time . he smile , then open he menu . carolyn pick hers up mechanically , but continue to stare at he , enrapture , like a fervent Christian who 's just come face to face with Jesus . ext . high school campus - later that day ricky stand with he digicam , videotape something on the ground at he foot . on video : a dead bird lay on the ground , decompose . angela ( o.c. ) what be you do ? on video : the camera jerk up to discover Jane and Angela stare at we . ricky ( o.c. ) I be filming this dead bird . angela why ? ricky ( o.c. ) because it 's beautiful . on video : Angela look at Jane , try not to laugh . angela I think maybe you forget you medication today , mental boy . on video : she fall out of frame as we zoom toward Jane . ricky ( o.c. ) hi , Jane . jane ( uncomfortable ) look . I want you to stop filming I . ricky lower the digicam . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ricky okay . he look at she , curious , he eye search hers . she do not look away . angela well , whatever . ( to Jane ) this be boring . let 's go . jane ( to ricky ) do you need a ride ? angela ( to Jane ) be you crazy ? I do not want to end up hack to piece in a dumpster somewhere . ricky it 's okay . I will walk . but thanks . angela yeah , see ? he do not want to go anyway . c'mon , let 's go . Angela start off , but Jane do not follow . ricky smile at she . she almost smile back , then : jane ( call off to Angela ) I think I be go to walk , too . Angela stop and stare at she . angela what ? Jane , that 's like , almost a mile . ext . top hat motel - later that day carolyn 's mercede be park next to a jaguar convertible with a vanity license plate that read " R E king . " int . top hat motel - continuous carolyn and buddy be in the middle of sex . carolyn yes ! oh , God ! I love it ! buddy you like get nail by the king ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : carolyn oh yes ! I love it ! fuck I , you majesty ! ext . STREET - later that day lester 's toyota camry cruise through the street . we hear lester singing along to " american woman " on the stereo . int . toyota camry - continuous lester be drive , smoking a joint . lester american woman , stay away from I ... american woman , mama let I be ... don't come a hangin ' around my door ... I don't want to see you face no more ... ext . mr. smiley be - continuous lester continue sing along to " american woman , " as the camry pull into the parking lot of a fast food restaurant . lester pull up to the drive - through speaker box . drive -thru girl ( o.c. ) ( over speaker box ) smile you be at Mr. smiley 's . lester turn down the volume on the stereo . lester what ? drive -thru girl ( o.c. ) would you like to try we new bacon and egg fajita just a dollar twenty - nine for a limited time only . lester uh ... no . but thank you . ( read menu ) I will have a Big barn Burger , smiley fries , and a orange soda . drive -thru girl ( o.c. ) please drive up to the window , thank you . he pull the car around to the window , where a teenage girl wear a headset be wait . ( continued ) 55 . continued : drive -thru girl ( cont 'd ) smile , you be at Mr. smiley 's , that will be four eighty - nine , please . lester pay she . as she hand he he food , he notice a sign in the corner of the window that read : now taking application counter girl would you like some smiley sauce ? lester no . no , actually ... I would like to fill out a application . she stare at he , confuse by he age and attire . counter girl there 's not job for manager , it 's just for counter . lester good . I be look for the least possible amount of responsibility . int . mr. smiley be - a short time later lester sit at a booth with the manager , a greasy kid wear a white short sleeve shirt and a tie cover with the Mr. smiley 's logo . he look over lester 's application , baffle . manager I do not think you would fit in here . lester I have fast food experience . manager yeah , like twenty year ago . lester well , I be sure there have be amazing technological advance in the industry , but surely you have some sort of training process . it seem unfair to presume I will not be able to learn . the manager sigh and run a hand through he greasy hair , wonder what he could possibly have do to deserve this . 56 . int . top hat motel - later that day carolyn and buddy be in bed , post -sex . carolyn that be exactly what I need . the royal treatment , so to speak . they laugh . carolyn ( cont 'd ) I be so stress out . buddy know what I do when I feel like that ? carolyn what ? buddy I fire a gun . carolyn sit up , eager to learn from the master . carolyn ( intrigue ) really . buddy oh yeah , I go to this little fire range downtown , and I just pop off a few round . carolyn ( embarrassed ) I have never fire a gun before . buddy oh , you have gotta try it . nothing make you feel more powerful . ( smile seductively ) well , almost nothing . carolyn be quick to pick up she cue and kiss he , ready for another round . ext . suburban STREET - later that day ricky and Jane walk along without speak . he seem comfortable with the silence ; she do not . after a beat : jane so how do you like you new house ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : ricky I like it . a beat . jane the people who use to live there feed this stray cat , so they be always around , and it drive my mother nut . and then she cut down they tree . a automobile funeral procession appear and begin to pass they slowly . ricky have you ever know anybody who die ? jane no. ( a beat ) have you ? ricky no , but I do see this homeless woman who froze to death once . just lay there on the sidewalk . she look really sad . they watch the funeral car pass . ricky ( cont 'd ) I get that homeless woman on video . jane why would you film that ? ricky because it be amazing . jane what be amazing about it ? a beat . ricky when you see something like that , it 's like God be look right at you , just for a second . and if you be careful , you can look right back . jane and what do you see ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) ricky beauty . int . fitt house - kitchen - moment later Barbara fitt sit at the kitchen table , stare off into space as if hypnotize . behind she , ricky enter , follow by Jane . ricky Mom , I want you to meet somebody . ( no response ) Mom . Barbara 's eye flutter and she turn to he slowly . barbara ( pleasant ) yes ? ricky I want you to meet somebody . this be Jane . jane hi . barbara oh , my . I apologize for the way thing look around here . Jane glance around . the room be spotless . int . fitt house - the colonel be study - moment later we hear keys turning in the lock , then the door open and ricky enter , hold a ring of keys , follow by Jane . ricky this be where my dad hide out . glass case fill with gun line the wall . jane I take it he 's get a thing for gun . ricky cross to a build - in cabinet behind the desk . ricky you get to see this one thing ... he unlock the cabinet and open it , revealing shelf stack with war memorabilia . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ricky ( cont 'd ) my dad would kill I if he know I be in here . jane do you steal he key ? ricky no . one of my client be a locksmith . he be short on cash one night , so I let he pay I in trade . he reach into the cabinet and carefully remove a oval china platter , which he hand to Jane . she examine it . ricky ( cont 'd ) turn it over . close on the bottom of the plate : a small swastika be imprint in the center . jane oh my God . ricky it 's like official state china of the third Reich . there 's a whole subculture of people who collect this Nazi shit . but my dad just have this one thing . he put the platter back into the cabinet and shut the door , then notice Jane look at he oddly . ricky ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? jane nothing . ricky ( concerned ) no , you be scared of I . jane no I be not . but she be . ricky study she . ricky you want to see the most beautiful thing I have ever film ? 60 . int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - moment later on video : we be in a empty parking lot on a cold , gray day . something be float across from we ... it 's a empty , wrinkle , white plastic bag . we follow it as the wind carry it in a circle around we , sometimes whipping it about violently , or , without warning , send it soar skyward , then let it float gracefully down to the ground ... Jane and ricky sit on the bed , watch he wide - screen tv . ricky it be one of that day when it 's a minute away from snow . and there 's this electricity in the air , you can almost hear it , right ? and this bag be just ... dance with I . like a little kid begging I to play with it . for fifteen minute . that 's the day I realize that there be this entire life behind thing , and this incredibly benevolent force that want I to know there be no reason to be afraid . ever . a beat . ricky ( cont 'd ) video 's a poor excuse , I know . but it help I remember ... I need to remember ... now Jane be watch he . ricky ( cont 'd ) ( distant ) sometimes there 's so much beauty in the world I feel like I can not take it ... and my heart be go to cave in . after a moment , Jane take he hand . then she lean in and kiss he softly on the lip . his eye scan hers , curious to see how she react to this ... jane ( suddenly ) oh my God . what time be it ? int . burnham house - dine room - moment later lester sit at the table in sloppy clothes , eat he dinner voraciously and drink beer from a bottle . across from he , carolyn pick at she food , watch he with contempt . easy - listening music play on the stereo . ( continued ) 61 . continued : we hear the back door slam , then Jane enter and quickly take she seat at the table . jane sorry I be late . carolyn ( overly cheerful ) no , no , that 's quite all right , dear . you father and I be just discuss he day at work . ( to lester ) why do not you tell we daughter about it , honey ? Jane stare at both she parent , apprehensive . lester look at carolyn darkly , then flash a " you-ask - for - it " grin . lester janie , today I quit my job . and then I tell my boss to fuck himself , and then I blackmail he for almost sixty thousand dollar . pass the asparagus . carolyn you father seem to think this kind of behavior be something to be proud of . lester and you mother seem to prefer I go through life like a fuck prisoner while she keep my dick in a mason jar under the sink . carolyn ( ashen ) how dare you speak to I that way in front of she ? and I marvel that you can be so contemptuous of I , on the same day that you lose you job ! lester lose it ? I do not lose it . it 's not like , " oops , where would my job go ? " I quit . someone pass I the asparagus . carolyn oh ! oh ! and I want to thank you for put I under the add pressure of be the sole breadwinner now -- lester I already have a job . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) carolyn ( not stop ) no , no , do not give a second think as to who 's go to pay the mortgage . we will just leave it all up to carolyn . you mean , you be go to take care of everything now , carolyn ? yes . I do not mind . I really do not . you mean , everything ? you do not mind have the sole responsibility , you husband feel he can just quit he job -- lester ( overlap ) will someone pass I the fuck asparagus ? jane ( rise ) okay , I be not go to be a part of this -- lester ( mean it ) sit down . Jane do so , surprised and intimidate by the power in he voice . lester get up , cross to the other side of the table to get a plate of asparagus , then sit again as he serve himself . lester ( cont 'd ) I be sick and tired of be treat like I do not exist . you two do whatever you want to do whenever you want to do it and I do not complain . all I want be the same courtesy -- carolyn ( overlap ) oh , you do not complain ? oh , excuse I . Excuse I . I must be psychotic then , if you do not complain . what be this ?! be I lock away in a padded cell somewhere , hallucinate ? that 's the only explanation I can think of -- lester hurl the plate of asparagus against the wall with such force it shatter , frightening carolyn and Jane . lester ( casual ) do not interrupt I , honey . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 3 ) he go back to eat he meal , as if nothing unusual have happen . carolyn sit in she chair , shiver with rage . Jane just stare at the plate in front of she . lester ( cont 'd ) oh , and another thing . from now on , we be go to alternate we dinner music . because frankly , and I do not think I be alone here , I be really tired of this lawrence welk shit . int . burnham house - jane's bedroom - that night Jane be sit on she bed . there be a knock at the door . jane go. away . carolyn ( o.c. ) honey , please let I in . Jane roll she eye , cross to the door and let carolyn in . carolyn ( cont 'd ) I wish that you have not witness that awful scene tonight . but in a way , I be glad . jane why , so I could see what freak you and dad really be ? carolyn I ? she stare at Jane , then start to cry . jane aw , Christ , Mom . carolyn ( tearful ) no , I be glad because you be old enough now to learn the most important lesson in life : you can not count on anyone except yourself . ( sigh ) you can not count on anyone except yourself . it 's sad , but true , and the sooner you learn it , the better . ( continued ) 64 . continued : jane look , Mom , I really do not feel like have a kodak moment here , okay ? carolyn suddenly slap Jane , hard . carolyn you ungrateful little brat . just look at everything you have . when I be you age , I live in a duplex . we do not even have we own house . embarrass , she quickly leave . Jane look in a mirror and rub she cheek , then cross to the window and look out . ext . fitt house - continuous Jane 's Pov : we be across from ricky 's room , look in . he stand at the window with he digicam , videotape we . on the wide - screen tv behind he , we see Jane stand in she window as she look across at he . she wave . ricky just keep videotape . a beat , then she start to take off she shirt . int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - continuous we be behind ricky as he videotape Jane in she window . she have now remove she shirt . she stand there in she bra , then reach behind she back to unhook the bra . on video : we zoom toward she as she take off she bra clumsily . she 's obviously embarrassed , but she 's go this far and there 's no turn back . she stand there with she breast expose , try to look defiant , but she 's achingly vulnerable ... suddenly , the door be throw open and the Colonel enter , incense . startle , ricky turn around . as soon as he eye meet he father 's , he know what 's up . colonel you little bastard -- ricky scramble to dodge he father , but the Colonel be too fast ; he punch ricky in the face , knock he to the floor . colonel ( cont 'd ) how do you get in there ? ext . burnham house - continuous from she window , Jane watch , pull the drape in front of she . 65 . ext . fitt house - continuous Jane 's Pov : in the window across from we , the Colonel proceed to give ricky a serious beat , punch he face . int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - continuous ricky 's lip be bleed , but he maintain a steady gaze at he father during this violence . colonel ( unnerve ) how !? how ?! c'mon , get up ! fight back , you little pussy ! ricky no , sir . I will not fight you . the Colonel grab he by the collar . colonel how do you get in there ? ricky I pick the lock , sir . colonel what be you look for ? money ? be you on dope again ? ricky no , sir . I want to show my girlfriend you Nazi plate . a beat . colonel girlfriend ? ricky yes , sir . she life next door . the Colonel glance toward the window . his Pov : in the window across from we , Jane peek out from behind the drape . she quickly pull it shut . ricky ( cont 'd ) her name 's Jane . a beat . the Colonel be suddenly , deeply shame . ( continued ) 66 . continued : colonel this be for you own good , boy . you have no respect for other people 's thing , for authority , for ... ricky Sir , I be sorry . colonel you can not just go around do whatever you feel like , you can not -- there be rule in life -- ricky yes , sir . colonel you need structure , you need discipline -- ricky ( simultaneous ) discipline . yes , sir , thank you for try to teach I . do not give up on I , dad . the Colonel stand , still breathe heavily . tenderness fill he face , and he reach out to touch ricky 's cheek . colonel oh , ricky ... but something keep he from do it . colonel ( cont 'd ) you stay out of there . he leave . ricky get up and go to he bureau . he look at he reflection in the mirror , calmly take a cloth and start to wipe the blood from he face . fade to black . in darkness , we hear repetitive gunshot . fade in : int . indoor firing range - one month later carolyn , wear protective headgear , be hold a glock 19 automatic revolver with both hand , firing it directly at we . she empty a round and stand there , exhilated . a attendant approach with a new round of ammunition . ( continued ) 67 . continued : attendant ( load gun ) I gotta say , Mrs. burnham , when you first come here I think you would be hopeless . but you be a natural . carolyn well , all I know be ... I love shoot this gun ! and she start firing again . int . mercede - benz ml320 - later Bobby darin sing " don't rain on my parade " on the radio . carolyn sing along as she drive . her face have lose its usual resolute determination ; she 's actually enjoy herself spontaneously , and the lack of she usual self - consciousness allow we to see just how beautiful she be . angle on the glock 19 sit on the passenger seat amidst some CD . carolyn take the gun and hold it at arm 's length , admire it as she continue to sing . ext . robin hood trail - continuous the mercede turn onto Robin Hood Trail . int . mercede - benz ml320 - continuous carolyn 's Pov : we turn into the burnham driveway . a 1970 pontiac firebird with racing stripe block we access to the garage . close on carolyn : she do not like have thing in she way . int . burnham house - family room - moment later lester 's remote-controlled model jeep be zoom across the floor of the family room , expertly maneuver corner and narrowly avoid crash . lester be sprawle on the couch in he underwear , drink a Beer and control the car . his work out be beginning to produce result . the room , too , seem change : sloppier , more live in . carolyn enter through the kitchen , flushed and angry . she just stand there , stare at lester . after a moment , he look up at she . ( continued ) 68 . continued : lester what ? carolyn ah , whose car be that out front ? lester mine. 1970 pontiac firebird . the car I always want and now I have it . I rule ! carolyn where 's the camry ? lester I trade it in . carolyn should not you have consult I first ? lester hmm , let I think ... no . you never drive it . ( then ) have you do something different ? you look great . carolyn ( brusque ) where 's Jane ? lester Jane not home . we have the whole house to ourselves . he smile at she playfully . she stare back , annoyed . it 's the same look she have at the beginning , when he drop he briefcase , but whatever power that look have be go . lester just laugh . lester ( cont 'd ) Christ , carolyn . when do you become so ... joyless ? carolyn ( take aback ) joyless ?! I be not joyless ! there happen to be a lot about I that you do not know , mister smarty man . there be plenty of joy in my life . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) lester ( lean toward she ) whatever happen to that girl who use to fake seizure at frat party when she get bored ? and who use to run up to the roof of we first apartment building to flash the traffic helicopter ? have you totally forget about she ? because I have not . his face be close to hers , and suddenly the atmosphere be charge . she pull back automatically , but it 's clear she 's draw to he . he smile , and move even closer , hold he beer loosely balanced . then , just before they lip meet ... carolyn ( barely audible ) lester . you be go to spill beer on the couch . she 's immediately sorry she say it , but it 's too late . his smile fade , and the moment be go . lester so what ? it 's just a couch . carolyn this be a four thousand dollar sofa upholster in italian silk . this be not " just a couch . " lester it 's just a couch ! he stand and gesture toward all the thing in the room . lester ( cont 'd ) this be not life . this be just stuff . and it 's become more important to you than live . well , honey , that 's just nut . carolyn stare at he , on the verge of tear , then turn and walk out of the room before he can see she cry . lester ( cont 'd ) ( call after she ) I be only try to help you . int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - night on video : Jane lay in ricky 's bed , wear a tank top . she glance at we . ( continued ) 70 . continued : jane ( shy ) do not . we be watch the wide - screen tv in ricky 's room . a cord lead from the tv to ricky 's digicam . ricky hold the camera , sit naked in a chair . it 's be almost a month since he father beat he up , and there be still slight scar on he face . he 's aim he camera at Jane . ricky why ? jane ( be : image on tv ) it 's weird , watch myself . I do not like how I look . ricky I can not believe you do not know how beautiful you be . jane I be not go to sit here for that shit . she get out of bed , take he digicam and focus it on he . we see he image on the tv as she videotape . jane ( cont 'd ) ha. how do it feel now ? ricky Fine . jane you do not feel naked ? ricky I be naked . jane you know what I mean . Jane zoom in on he face , which remain placid . jane ( cont 'd ) tell I about be in the hospital . ricky smile . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) ricky when I be fifteen , my dad catch I smoking dope . he totally freak and decide to send I to military school . I tell you he whole thing about structure and discipline , right ? ( laugh ) well , of course , I get kick out . dad and I have this huge fight , and he hit I ... and then the next day at school , some kid make a crack about my haircut , and ... I just snap . I want to kill he . and I would have . kill he . if they have not pull I off . ( then ) that 's when my dad put I in the hospital . then they drugge I up and leave I in there for two year . jane wow . you must really hate he . ricky he 's not a bad man . he grab a half - smoke joint from a ashtray and light it . jane well ... you better believe I would hate my father if he do something like that to I . ( laugh ) wait . I do hate my father . ricky why ? he pass she the joint , then take the digicam and focus it on she . we see she image on the tv as he videotape . jane he 's a total asshole and he 's get this crush on my friend Angela and it 's disgusting . ricky you would rather he have the crush on you ? jane Gross , no ! but it would be nice if I be anywhere near as important to he as she be . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 3 ) jane ( cont 'd ) I know you think my dad 's harmless , but you be wrong . he 's do massive psychological damage to I . ricky how ? Jane look into the camera , a loopy , stone grin on she face . jane well , now , I too need structure . a little fuck discipline . they laugh . she lay back on the bed . jane ( cont 'd ) I be serious , though . how could he not be damaging I ? I need a father who 's a role model , not some horny geek - boy who 's gonna spray he short whenever I bring a girlfriend home from school . ( snort ) what a lame -o . somebody really should put he out of he misery . her mind wander for a beat . ricky want I to kill he for you ? Jane look at he and sit up . jane yeah , would you ? ricky ( smile ) it will cost you . jane well , I have be baby -sitting since I be about ten . I have get almost three thousand dollar . ' course , I be save it up for a boob job . she stand and stick out she breast , then fall back on the bed , laughing . jane ( cont 'd ) but my tit can wait , huh ? ricky you know , that 's not a very nice thing to do , hire somebody to kill you dad . ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 4 ) jane well , I guess I be just not a very nice girl , then , be I ? she smile dreamily at he . he turn the digicam off and the tv screen go blue . he lower the camera and look at she intently . jane ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly nervous ) you know I be not serious , right ? ricky of course . he put the digicam down and join Jane on the bed . a long moment where neither of they speak . he caress she hair , gaze into she eye . ricky ( cont 'd ) do you know how lucky we be to have find each other ? fade to black . fade in : ext . robin hood trail - early morning we be flying above Robin Hood Trail . we see the burnham's house below we as we approach it steadily . lester remember that poster that say , " today be the first day of the rest of you life ? " well , that 's true of every day except one . ( a beat ) the day you die . we be almost on top of the burnham house now , as lester , wear sweatpant and run shoe , burst out of the front door and dash up the driveway . ext . robin hood trail - a short time later we be now at street level , as lester run toward we . he carry a walkman and wear earphone , and we hear rock music as he run . the endorphin have kick in , and lester grin , reveling in the sheer physical pleasure of he body . 74 . int . burnham house - kitchen - a short time later the blender grind as lester , still in he sweatpant , make himself a high - protein shake . he 's in excellent shape ; even he posture have change , and he move with the confident , easy swagger of a athlete . Jane watch he blankly from the kitchen table . carolyn enter . lester lean against the counter , drink he shake directly from the blender pitcher , eyeing she . he 's get a newfound sexual energy that make she uncomfortable , and he know it . carolyn quickly rinse off she coffee cup , avoid he eye , and start out . carolyn Jane , hurry up . I have get a very important appointment -- jane Mom , be it okay if Angela sleep over tonight ? Jane look at lester to see how he react . he do not . carolyn well , of course , she 's always welcome . ( on she way out ) you know , I think maybe you two have a fight . I have not see she around here in a while . and she 's go . Jane continue stare at she father . finally , he glance over at she . lester what ? jane ( nervous ) I have be too embarrassed to bring she over . because of you , and the way that you behave . lester what be you talk about ? I have barely even speak to she . jane ( angry ) dad ! you stare at she all the time , like you be drunk ! it 's disgusting ! ( continued ) 75 . continued : lester ( angry himself ) you better watch yourself , janie , or you be go to turn into a real bitch , just like you mother . Jane be stunne . she quickly rise , try to get out of the kitchen before she start cry . angle on lester , and the immediate regret in he eye . lester ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) fuck . int . fitt house - upstair hallway - continuous we be outside ricky 's room , moving slowly toward the open door , through which we can see ricky , stand at he bureau mirror , comb he hair . the scar on he face be almost go now . a reverse angle reveal the Colonel stand outside the door look in , watch ricky with great tenderness . then ricky look up at he , and the Colonel be suddenly self - conscious . colonel ( brusque ) you ready to go ? ricky oh , I do not need a ride . I be go to go in with Jane and she mom . ext . fitt house - front porch - moment later ricky emerge from the house , follow by the Colonel , who watch he son as he head toward the burnham house . his Pov : carolyn wave from the mercede , flash a insincere smile . Jane lean forward from the passenger seat and glare at we . as ricky start to get in the car , lester emerge from the house in he sweatpant . lester yo , ricky . how 's it go ? ricky pretty decent , Mr. burnham . ricky pull he door shut , but not before lester mouth " call I " and ricky give a slight nod in acknowledgment . ( continued ) 76 . continued : close on the Colonel 's face : he look confuse . as the mercede back out of the driveway , lester glance over at he . lester 's Pov : the Colonel watch the car drive off , then look at we . his face tighten . lester study he for a moment , then grin and salute before go inside the house . close on the Colonel , deeply troubled . int . fitt house - ricky's room - moment later the door swing open silently and the Colonel enter . he start go through ricky 's bureau . he open the drawer in which we know ricky keep he marijuana , but he do not discover its false bottom . he stand and look around , he eye finally landing on : the digicam and a stack of cassettes on a shelf . the camera be still connect to the tv . the Colonel turn on the tv , examine the digicam and press " play . " the tv 's blank screen suddenly give way to ... on video : Barbara fitt sit at the kitchen table , stare off into space . the Colonel watch , at first baffle , then impatient . he take the cassette out of the digicam and insert another . on the tv screen we see ... on video : through the burnham 's garage window , we see lester step out of he pants and brief . then , naked except for he black sock , he grab the dumbbell and start lift they , watch he reflection in the window as he do ... the Colonel sink slowly onto ricky 's bed , mesmerize . int . mr. smiley be - later lester , wear a Mr. smiley 's uniform , be happily flipping burger on a grill . CO - worker hey lester , I need that Super smiley with cheese , a.s.a.p . lester you need more than that , my little hombre . ( continued ) 77 . continued : lester look up suddenly when he hear : carolyn ( o.s. ) ( over speaker ) what 's good here ? buddy ( o.c. ) ( over speaker ) nothing . carolyn ( o.c. ) ( over speaker ) then I guess we will just have to be bad , will not we ? ( then ) I think I will have a double smiley sandwich and curly fries , and a vanilla shake . buddy ( o.c. ) ( over speaker ) make that two . counter girl ( o.c. ) ( over speaker ) please drive around thank you . lester 's face darken , then ... he smile . he put he spatula down . ext . mr. smiley be - continuous the mercede pull around to the drive - thru window . carolyn drive ; buddy sit beside she . carolyn I think we deserve a little junk food , after the workout we have this morning . buddy ( nuzzle she neck ) I be flatter . they be too involved with each other to notice lester watch they from the drive - through window . lester ( overly cheerful ) smile ! you be at Mr. smiley 's ! carolyn almost jump out of she skin . ( continued ) 78 . continued : lester lean out of the drive - through window , grin at she , hold bag fill with fast food . the counter girl stand next to he , stare blankly . lester ( cont 'd ) would you like to try we new beef and cheese pot pie on a stick , just a dollar ninety - nine for a limited time only ? carolyn struggle to appear nonchalant . carolyn ( be : buddy ) we be just at a seminar . ( then , all business ) buddy , this be my -- lester her husband . we have meet before , but something tell I you be go to remember I this time . counter girl ( to carolyn ) whoa . you be so bust . carolyn ( flustered ) you know , this really do not concern you . lester actually , janeane be senior drive - through manager , so you kind of be on she turf . ( to carolyn , quietly ) so . this make sense . carolyn ( miserable ) oh , lester -- lester honey , it 's okay . I want you to be happy . ( then ) would you like smiley sauce with that ? carolyn lester , just stop it ! lester uh-uh . you do not get to tell I what to do . ever again . ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) carolyn close she eye , defeat , then grab the wheel , shift gear and drive off . ext . top hat motel - a short time later the sky be fill with ominous gray cloud . wind whip garbage across the parking lot as carolyn 's mercede pull in next to buddy 's jaguar . int . mercede - benz ml320 - continuous carolyn grip the wheel tightly , stare straight ahead . buddy look at she unhappily . buddy I be sorry . I guess we should cool it for a while . I be face a potentially very expensive divorce . carolyn oh , no . I understand completely . ( sarcastic ) in order to be successful , one must project a image of success . at all time . she regret it the second it 's out of she mouth , and turn to he . he just look at she sadly , then get out of the car and shut the door . she start to cry . as before , she slap herself , hard . carolyn ( cont 'd ) stop it . stop it ! she close she eye tight , try to stop the tear , then suddenly scream as loud as she can . ext . top hat motel - continuous buddy 's jaguar speed off , leave the mercede alone in the parking lot . we can still hear carolyn 's muffle scream . there be a sound of distant thunder . int . burnham house - garage - that night it 's raining outside . we hear rock music as lester pump iron . he put the weight down and look at he reflection in the window : his Pov : his arm be pump . he smile . ( continued ) 80 . continued : he reach under the bench and grab a cigar BOX . open it , he dig through marijuana paraphernalia , only to pull out a empty zip - loc bag . lester shit . int . fitt house - kitchen - moment later ricky and the Colonel sit at the table , eat in silence . Barbara rinse off a pan at the sink , then stare at it as if she can not quite remember what she mean to do with it . we suddenly hear a beeping noise . ricky pull he beeper off he belt and check it . ricky ( get up ) I have to run next door . Jane leave she geometry book in my bag and she need it to do she homework . he head into the hall . the Colonel watch he go , uneasy . int . angela' BMW - continuous Angela drive , squinting through the windshield as the wiper move back and forth . angela so you and psycho boy be fuck on like , a regular basis now , right ? jane ( irritable ) no . angela oh , come on . you can tell I . do he have a big dick ? jane look , I be not gonna talk about he dick with you , okay ? it 's not like that . angela not like what ? do not he have one ? ( then ) why do not you want to talk about it ? I mean , I tell you every single detail about every guy that I fuck . ( continued ) 81 . continued : jane yeah , and maybe you should not , all right ? maybe I do not really want to hear all that . angela oh , so now that you have a boyfriend , you be like , above it ? ( roll she eye ) we gotta get you a real man . int . fitt house - kitchen - continuous the Colonel rinse off he plate at the sink . something outside catch he eye , and he crane he neck to get a better look at ... his Pov : through the window over the sink , we can see into the burnham 's garage window . we view be blurred by the rain , but we see lester , he upper body pump and glisten in sweat as he count out a wad of bill ... and then ricky walk into view . the Colonel 's face tighten . his Pov : lester drape he arm around ricky as he give he the money . we can only see lester from the waist up , so he look naked . int . burnham house - garage - continuous ricky , he hair wet from the rain , put the cash in he pocket . lester 's arm remain drape around he shoulder . ricky ( grin ) you get any papers ? lester yeah , in the cigar box , right over there . ( laugh ) you know , put up a fight , dude ! you be such a pushover . " no I can not . really . okay . " and he slap ricky playfully on the chest . ricky grin , then squat down and reach under the weight bench . ricky you should learn to roll a joint . lester sit in the bowl chair and lean back , he hand behind he head , watch ricky roll the joint . 82 . int . fitt house - kitchen - continuous the Colonel 's Pov : lester lean back in he chair . we see only ricky 's back and shoulder as he roll the joint . after a beat , lester 's jaw drop , then he throw he head back . from we perspective , it look very much like ricky be give lester a blow job . the Colonel watch , incredulous . then we hear a car approaching , and the Colonel glance over at : his Pov : Angela 's BMW pull into the driveway , stop behind lester 's firebird . as Angela and Jane get out and run toward the house , we focus move back to the garage window . ricky stand , look a little panicked . lester pull on he T-shirt , and both he and ricky cross out of view . int . burnham house - kitchen - moment later lester lean nonchalantly against the counter . Jane and Angela enter . Jane frown when she see he . lester oh. hi. jane where 's Mom ? lester do not know . angela hi , Mr. burnham . lester hi. he 's try to remain cool , and do a pretty good job . angela wow . look at you . have you be work out ? lester some . Jane roll she eye and exit . Angela walk over to lester . angela you can really tell . look at that arm . she place she hand on he arm flirtatiously , look up at he and smile , fully expect to intimidate he by do so . ( continued ) 83 . continued : but something have change , and he be not intimidate at all . he look directly back at she , lean in and smile slowly . lester you like muscle ? his voice be low and intense . she move away , suddenly insecure . angela I -- I should probably go see what Jane 's up to . and she head out quickly . lester watch she go , baffle . int . fitt house - ricky's room - continuous ricky enter , wet from the pour rain , and cross to he bureau , pull the wad of cash out of he pocket as he go . colonel ( o.c. ) where would you get that ? ricky turn , startle . his Pov : the Colonel step out of the shadow . ricky take a step back . ricky from my job . colonel do not lie to I . ( beat ) I see you with he . ricky ( incredulous ) you be watch I ? colonel what do he make you do ? ricky ( laugh ) dad , you do not really think ... I and Mr. burnham ? colonel ( furious ) do not you laugh at I ! ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) 84 . continued : colonel ( cont 'd ) I will not sit back and watch my only son become a cocksucker ! ricky Jesus , what be with you -- the Colonel backhand ricky so hard it send the boy sprawling . colonel I swear to God , I will throw you out of this house and never look at you again . ricky ( take aback ) you mean that ? colonel damn straight I do . I would rather you be dead than be a fuck faggot . a beat . ricky suddenly smile . he get up . ricky you be right . I suck dick for money . colonel Boy -- ricky two thousand dollar . I be that good . colonel get out . ricky and you should see I fuck . I be the best piece of ass in three state . colonel ( explode ) get out !! I do not ever want to see you again !! ricky eye the Colonel . he 's finally discover a way to break free from he father , and he can not believe it be this simple . ricky what a sad old man you be . colonel ( a whisper ) get out . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) ricky grab he backpack , turn and walk out the door , leave the Colonel stand there , glassy - eye and breathe heavily . int . fitt house - kitchen - moment later ricky enter to discover Barbara stand in the middle of the room , clutching a dish , frighten . she 's obviously hear he argument with he father , and she look into he eye , search , aware that something eventful be take place . ricky Mom , I be leave . a beat . barbara okay , wear a raincoat . ricky ( hug she ) I wish thing would have be better for you . take care of dad . he kiss she cheek softly , then exit out the back door , leave she stand alone , still clutching she dish . int . fitt house - ricky's bedroom - continuous the Colonel 's Pov : below we , ricky dash through the rain to the burnham 's front door and knock . lester open it and let he in . ext . fitt house - continuous the Colonel look coldly down at we from ricky 's bedroom window , and then he pull the drape shut . ext . freeway - continuous the mercede - benz ml320 be park in the breakdown lane , its hazard light blinking . Cars zoom past in the rain . int . mercede - benz ml320 - continuous carolyn sit behind the wheel , listen to a motivational tape on the stereo . tape voice -- disinvesting problem of they power , and remove they ability to make we afraid . this be the secret to " I - center " live . ( more ) ( continued ) 86 . continued : tape voice ( cont 'd ) only by take full responsibility for you problem -- and they solution -- will you ever be able to break free from the constant cycle of victimhood . carolyn lean over and open the glove compartment . she take out she glock 19 . tape voice ( cont 'd ) remember , you be only a victim if you choose to be a victim ... int . burnham house - jane's room - continuous Angela be sprawle across the bed . Jane stand across the room from she . jane I do not think we could be friend anymore . angela you be way too uptight about sex . jane just do not fuck my dad , all right ? please ? angela why not ? there be a knock on the door . Jane sit up , alarmed . jane ( angry ) dad ! leave we alone ! ricky ( o.c . ) it 's I . Jane jump up and open the door and let he in . ricky ( cont 'd ) ( to Jane ) if I have to leave tonight , would you come with I ? jane what ? ricky if I have to go to New York . to live . tonight . would you come with I ? ( continued ) 87 . continued : jane yes . angela you guy can not be serious . ( to Jane ) you be just a kid . and he 's like , a mental case . you will end up live in a box on the street . jane I be no more a kid than you be ! ( to ricky ) we can use my plastic surgery money . ricky we will not have to . I have over forty thousand dollar . and I know people in the city who can help we get set up . angela what , other drug dealer ? ricky yes . angela Jane , you would be out of you mind to go with he . jane why do you even care ? angela because you be my friend ! ricky she 's not you friend . she 's somebody you use to feel better about yourself . angela go fuck yourself , psycho ! jane you shut up , bitch ! angela Jane ! he be a freak ! ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 2 ) jane well , then so be I ! and we will always be freak and we will never be like other people . and you will never be a freak because you be just too perfect . angela oh , yeah ? well , at least I be not ugly . ricky yes , you be . and you be boring . and you be totally ordinary . and you know it . Angela stare at he , stunne , then start toward the door . angela you two deserve each other . and she exit , slamming the door behind she . Jane turn to ricky and he take she in he arm . int . burnham house - upstair hallway - continuous Angela sit on the stair , shake , cry . ext . burnham house - garage - continuous we be moving slowly toward the burnham 's garage window through the rain . through the window , we see lester , wear only he sweatpant , perform bench press . int . burnham house - garage - continuous through the window , we see the Colonel stand outside , watch . we zoom slowly in on he as he watch , transfix . ext . burnham house - garage - continuous his Pov : lester finish he last rep , then rack the weight and sit up , sweaty and out of breath . he run he free hand over he chest ... and then he glance at we , suddenly aware he 's be watch . int . burnham house - garage - continuous lester and the Colonel stare at each other through the window . ext . burnham house - garage - moment later the rain be come down in sheet now , and there be a sharp clap of thunder . we be directly outside the garage door as it slowly lift to reveal lester smile at we . ( continued ) 89 . continued : lester Jesus , man . you be soak . int . burnham house - garage - continuous lester pull the Colonel inside . the Colonel move stiffly and seem preoccupy , slightly disorient . lester you want I to get ricky ? he 's in Jane 's room . the Colonel just stand there , look at lester . lester ( cont 'd ) you okay ? colonel ( he voice thick ) where 's you wife ? lester uh ... I do not know . probably out fuck that dorky prince of real estate asshole . and you know what ? I do not care . the Colonel move closer towards he . colonel you wife be with another man and you do not care ? lester nope , we marriage be just for show . a commercial , for how normal we be . when we be anything but . he grin ... and so do the Colonel . lester ( cont 'd ) you be shaking . he place he hand on the Colonel 's shoulder . the Colonel close he eye . lester ( cont 'd ) we really should get you out of this clothes . colonel ( a whisper ) yes ... ( continued ) 90 . continued : he open he eye and look at lester , he face fill with a anguish vulnerability we would not have think possible from he . his eye be brim with tear . lester lean in , concerned . lester it 's okay . colonel ( hoarse ) I ... lester ( softly ) just tell I what you need . the Colonel reach up and place he hand on lester 's cheek ... and then kiss he . lester be momentarily stunne , and then he push the Colonel away . the Colonel 's face crumple in shame . lester ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa , whoa . I be sorry . you get the wrong idea . the Colonel stare at the floor , blink , and then he turn and run out the open garage door into the rainy night . int . mercede - benz ml320 - continuous carolyn be still listen to the same motivational tape . she hold the glock in she hand . tape voice " I refuse to be a victim . " when this become you mantra , constantly run through you head -- carolyn switch the tape off and put the gun in she purse . carolyn I refuse to be a victim . ext . freeway - continuous the mercede pull away from the shoulder . int . burnham house - kitchen - continuous lester enter , open the refrigerator and grab a Beer . suddenly we hear music come from the other room . lester open he beer and start toward the family room . 91 . int . burnham house - family room - continuous his Pov : as we move slowly around a corner , Angela come into view , stand at the stereo , hold a CD case . she 's be cry ; she face be puffy , and she hair muss . she regards we apprehensively ... then put on a slightly defiant smile . angela I hope you do not mind if I play the stereo . lester lean against the wall and take a swig of he beer . lester not at all . ( then ) bad night ? angela not really bad , just ... strange . lester ( grin ) believe I . it could not possibly be any stranger than mine . she smile . they stand there in silence ; the atmosphere be charge . angela Jane and I have a fight . ( after a beat ) it be about you . she 's try to be seductive as she say this , but she 's pretty bad at it . lester raise he eyebrow . angela ( cont 'd ) she 's mad at I because I say I think you be sexy . lester grin . he be sexy . lester ( offer beer ) do you want a sip ? she nod . lester hold the bottle up to she mouth and she drink clumsily . he gently wipe she chin with the back of he hand . ( continued ) 92 . continued : lester ( cont 'd ) so ... be you go to tell I ? what you want ? angela I do not know . lester you do not know ? his face be very close to hers . she 's unnerve -- this be happen too fast ... angela what do you want ? lester be you kid ? I want you . I have want you since the first moment I see you . you be the most beautiful thing I have ever see . Angela take a deep breath just before lester lean in to kiss she cheek , she forehead , she eyelid , she neck ... angela you do not think I be ordinary ? lester you could not be ordinary if you try . angela thank you . ( far away ) I do not think there 's anything worse than be ordinary ... and lester kiss she on the lip . int . mercede - benz ml320 - continuous carolyn drive , she face resolute . carolyn I refuse to be a victim . I refuse to be a victim . I refuse to be a victim ... ( angry ) lester , I have something I have to say to you ... 93 . int . burnham house - family room - moment later Angela lay back on the couch as lester move in over she . he pull she jeans off and gently brushes he finger over she leg , then move up and caress she face ... int . burnham house - jane's room - continuous ricky and Jane , fully clothed , lie curl up on Jane 's bed . jane be you scared ? ricky I do not get scared . jane my parent will try to find I . ricky mine will not . int . burnham house - family room - continuous lester start unbuttone Angela 's blouse . she seem disconnect from what 's happen . lester pull she blouse open , expose she breast . lester look down at she , grin , unable to believe he 's actually about to do what he 's dream of so many time , and then ... angela this be my first time . lester laugh . lester you be kid . angela ( a whisper ) I be sorry . a beat . lester look down at she , he grin fade . his Pov : Angela lie beneath we , embarrassed and vulnerable . this be not the mythically carnal creature of lester 's fantasy ; this be a nervous child . ( continued ) 94 . continued : angela ( cont 'd ) I still want to do it ... I just think I should tell you ... in case you wonder why I be not ... better . lester 's face fall . there 's no way he 's go to go through with this now . angela ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) what 's wrong ? I think you say I be beautiful . lester ( tenderly ) you be beautiful . he grab a blanket from the back of the couch and drape it around she shoulder , cover she nakedness . lester ( cont 'd ) you be so beautiful ... and I would be a very lucky man ... he smile and shake he head . humiliate , Angela start to cry . angela I feel so stupid . lester do not . he hug she , let she put she head on he shoulder , stroking she hair and rock she gently . angela I be sorry . lester take she by the shoulder and look at she , serious . lester you have nothing to be sorry about . but she keep cry . lester hug she again . we hear a loud clap of thunder outside . lester ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) it 's okay . everything 's okay . 95 . ext . robin hood trail - moment later the mercede pull onto Robin Hood Trail . int . mercede - benz ml320 - continuous close on carolyn 's eye , reflect in the rear - view mirror . she turn she head to look out the window : her Pov : the red door of the burnham house stand out , even in the pour rain . int . burnham house - kitchen - moment later Angela , once again fully clothed , sit at the kitchen counter . she 's eat a turkey sandwich . angela wow . I be starve . lester put a jar of mayonnaise back in the refrigerator . lester do you want I to make you another one ? angela no , no , no . I be fine . he turn to she and cock a eyebrow . lester ( concerned ) you sure ? angela I mean , I be still a little weird out , but ... ( sincerely ) ... I feel better . thanks . a long beat , as lester study she , then : lester how 's Jane ? angela what do you mean ? lester I mean , how 's she life ? be she happy ? be she miserable ? I would really like to know , and she would die before she would ever tell I about it . ( continued ) 96 . continued : Angela shift uncomfortably . angela she 's ... she 's really happy . she think she 's in love . Angela roll she eye at how silly this notion be . lester ( quietly ) good for she . a awkward beat . angela how be you ? lester ( smile , take aback ) God , it 's be a long time since anybody ask I that . ( think about it ) I be great . they just sit there , smile at each other , then : angela ( suddenly ) I have gotta go to the bathroom . she cross off . lester watch she go , then stand there wonder why he should suddenly feel so content . lester ( laugh ) I be great . something at the edge of the counter catch he eye , and he reach for ... close on a frame photograph as he pick it up : it 's the photo we see earlier of he , carolyn and Jane , take several year ago at a amusement park . it 's startling how happy they look . lester cross to the kitchen table , where he sit and study the photo . he suddenly seem older , more mature ... and then he smile : the deep , satisfied smile of a man who just now understand the punch line of a joke he hear long ago ... ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 2 ) lester ( cont 'd ) man oh man ... ( softly ) man oh man oh man ... after a beat , the barrel of a gun rise up behind he head , aim at the base of he skull . angle on a arrangement of fresh - cut rose in a vase on the opposite counter , deep crimson against the white tile wall . then a gunshot suddenly ring out , echoing unnaturally . instantly , the tile be spray with blood , the same deep crimson as the rose . int . burnham house - foyer - moment later ricky come down the stair , follow by Jane . int . burnham house - kitchen - moment later ricky open the door from the dining room , then stop . Jane appear behind he . jane oh God . they Pov : a pool of blood be form on the kitchen table . ricky come into the kitchen and slowly approach lester 's lifeless body , wide - eye but not afraid . Jane follow he , in shock . ricky kneel , gaze at lester 's unseen face ... then he smile , ever so slightly . his Pov : lester look back at we ; he eye be lifeless , but he 's smile the same slight smile . ricky ( a awed whisper ) wow . lester ( v.o. ) I have always hear you entire life flash in front of you eye the second before you die . ext . sky - day we be flying across a white blanket of cloud . lester ( v.o. ) first of all , that one second be not a second at all , it stretch on forever , like a ocean of time ... 98 . ext . wood - night in black &amp ; white : eleven - year-old lester look up , point excitedly at : his Pov : a dot of light fall across a unbelievably starry sky . lester ( v.o. ) for I , it be lie on my back at Boy scout camp , watch fall star ... int . burnham house - jane's bedroom - night ricky and Jane lie curl up on Jane 's bed , fully clothed . we hear a gunshot from downstairs . they look at each other , alarmed . ext . suburban STREET - dusk in black &amp ; white : maple tree in autumn . ghostly leave flutter slowly toward pavement . lester ( v.o. ) and yellow leave , from the maple tree , that line my street ... int . burnham house - powder room - night Angela stand in front of the mirror , fix she make - up . we hear the gunshot again . Angela turn , frighten . int . suburban house - day in black &amp ; white : close on a ancient woman 's papery hand as they button a cardigan sweater . lester ( v.o . ) or my grandmother 's hand , and the way she skin seem like paper ... ext . burnham house - night carolyn walk slowly toward the red door , drench to the bone , clutching she purse tightly . we hear the gunshot again . ext . suburb - day in black &amp ; white : a 1970 pontiac firebird in the driveway of a suburban home . the sun' reflection in the windshield flash brilliantly . ( continued ) 99 . continued : lester ( v.o. ) and the first time I see my cousin tony 's brand new firebird ... int . fitt house - the colonel be study - night the Colonel enter , wet . he 's wear latex glove . blood cover the front of he T-shirt . he pace in front of one of he gun case ; the glass door be open , and a gun be conspicuously miss from inside . int . burnham house - hall - night in black &amp ; white : Jane open she bedroom door , stare at we . lester ( v.o. ) and janie ... ext . suburban house - dusk in black &amp ; white : a door open to reveal 4 - year - old jane , dress for Halloween in a princess costume , hold a light sparkler aloft and smile shyly at we . lester ( v.o. ) and janie ... int . burnham house - master bedroom - night carolyn enter , terrify , still clutching she purse . she shut the door and lock it , then take the glock 19 out of she purse . she open the closet door and shove the gun into a hamper . then , suddenly aware of lester 's scent , she grab as many of he clothes as she can and pull they to she , bury she face in they . she sink to she knee , pull several item of clothing down with she , and she begin to cry . ext . amusement park - night in black &amp ; white : a young carolyn sit across from we in one of that spinning - teacup ride , laughing uncontrollably as she twist the wheel in front of she , make we spin even faster . lester ( v.o. ) ( with love ) and ... carolyn . 100 . ext . parking lot - day on video : we be watch the video ricky show Jane earlier , of the empty white plastic bag be blow about . the wind carry it in a circle around we , sometimes whipping it about violently , or , without warning , send it soar skyward , then let it float gracefully down to the ground ... lester ( v.o. ) I guess I could be pretty piss off about what happen to I ... but it 's hard to stay mad , when there 's so much beauty in the world . sometimes I feel like I be see it all at once , and it 's too much , my heart fill up like a balloon that 's about to burst ... ext . - robin hood trail - day we be flying once again over Robin Hood Trail , ascending slowly . lester ( v.o. ) ... and then I remember to relax , and stop try to hold on to it , and then it flow through I like rain and I can not feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life ... ( amused ) you have no idea what I be talk about , I be sure . but do not worry ... fade to black . lester ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you will someday .