american history X screenplay by David mckenna February 6 , 1997 int . house - close eye a young man 's blue eye slowly open . a girl moan from the next room . ext . STREET corner - a large tire turn the corner and splashes through a puddle from a earlier rain . tupac shakur blare from inside . int . house - tight on the eye they snap wide as the young woman in the next room moan even louder . ext . venice beach house - a wet night a slight buzz emanate from the power line and street light above the humble vinyard household . a black ford bronco rest in the driveway . ext . wet STREET - a gray tran am tupac be rapping build . the window - tinted drive - by slowly head down the residential street , cruise past the bronco in the driveway , and slow to a stop . the music stop and two black men spring from the car . they move with purpose . the larger figure , crowbar in hand , move to the truck . the gun wield passenger hurry to the front door and stand guard . Inside the car , another man methodically wait . int . bedroom - danny vinyard's eye the sex happen in the next room make it difficult for Danny to sleep . next to a digital clock that read 3:07 am , the clean cut 14 - year - old flip to he side . a poster of Lee ving of fear onstage , tape to the wall . pre- calculus and biology book on the floor . cassettes scattered on he tiny desk . a stereo in the corner . the off -screen sound of break glass grab Danny 's attention . he sit up and look through the blind . ext . house - same Danny sees a man reach through the break window and unlock the door . he quickly . pan to the idling tran be . int . danny's bedroom - tight on danny his fearful expression say it all . danny Holy shit . Danny quickly bolt out of he room and into the adjacent bedroom down the hall . he barge through the door . int . derek' bedroom - a nazi iron eagle battle flag it hang above a serious computer and next to a giant , tome - fill bookshelf . the moan , meanwhile , approach orgasm . tight on derek vinyard . the young man have a shave head , a thick goatee , and a well - craft swastika on he leave tit . on top of derek in the bed be he barely - of - age girlfriend , stacey . the cover be completely off and a black rose be tattooe across she right shoulder blade . Danny watch she fuck , only for a second . danny ( softly ) Der ! Danny walk over and shake he . startle , derek forcefully grab he little brother 's arm . derek ( control ) what ? Stacey stop and look over . frustate , she roll off derek and onto she side . stacey Fucking pervert , Dan ! danny there 's a black guy outside Der ... break into you car . derek , muscle and tattooe , jump out of the bed and quickly put on he skivvy . he reach under he mattress , pull out a sig .45 semi-automatic pistol , and shove in a clip . derek how long have he be out there ? danny not long . stacey who ? derek nobody . relax . Stacey sit up quickly from the bed as derek pull on he black combat boot . stacey who 's out there , derek ? derek not right now , honey . ( to Danny ) how many ? danny one ... I think . derek be he strapped ? danny hunh ? derek do he have a fuck gun , Dan ? danny I be not sure . derek be there a driver ? Danny nod he head yes . derek okay . stay the luck here . stacey derek ? be careful . he look at he girlfriend and walk off . int . hallway - same tight on derek . he walk down the hall . the intensity on he face be alarming . he stop at the front door and grab the doorknob . before he turn the knob , he peek through the eye hole on the door . ext . house - derek' eye Pov the black guard carelessly turn toward the driveway to see what 's take he partner so long with the wire . int . house - derek at the door the guard have he back to he . derek go . ext . house - the duel derek throw open the door and the black man stand guard wheel and fire a shot into the front door . derek bury two bullet in he chest . derek fuck you ! the force propel the man six foot backwards . int . / ext . bronco - the other man stun by the gunfire , he charge back to the getaway tranny . derek bury a bullet into he shoulder . the car split and derek fire a shot through the side window . he then walk towards the car and fire shot after shot at it until it disappear . int . vinyard household - darkness davina and doris vinyard yell in the background like they be in Vietnam . they meet in the hallway , still not able to place the direction of the gunfire . davina mom !!!! doris stay down , honey ! danny ?! they stay down on the carpet together . ext . bedroom - danny's Pov from the rain - soak window he watch derek face he wounded prey - crawl on the ground . siren sound from a distance . stacey ( o.s. ) get down , Danny ! Jesus ! tight on danny . his gaze be lock on he brother from he bedroom window . derek cock he piece , point it and walk toward the man . tight on derek' face . eye blister . fade to black : three year later ext . police station - early morning a black man in a suit and tie , ROBERT sweeney , go through the automatic door and into the station . he approach a desk sergeant . a daily calendar on she desk read monday . MARCH 3 . 1997 . sweeney Captain rasmussen ? desk sergeant briefing room . down that hall ... third door on the leave . int . briefing room - a meeting cop and detective sit attentively and a few sip coffee . the clock on the wall above read 7:38 am . Middle - age with slicked - back hair , captain JOHN rasmussen finish a think . he spot sweeney as he enter and aimlessly reach for a file . rasmussen all right . move on -- ( acknowledge ) good Morning , Doctor . the group look over and meet sweeney 's hard glare . sweeney good morning . rasmussen gentlemen , this be Dr. Bob sweeney . he 's principal over at Venice High and for some time now he 's do a load of outreach work with gang ... in and out of the can . sweeney nod as rasmussen cough . he sip water and continue . rasmussen Three year ago a local kid name derek vinyard get send up for murdering a couple of crip who be try to jack he car . Bob teach vinyard back in high school and have follow the case closely . young cop he be a skinhead , right ? sweeney derek be more like ... the skinhead . he and cameron Alexander . cop # 2 who ? rasmussen open a file in front of he . there rest derek 's mug shot . he flip it over and reveal cammeron' mug shot . Front and side view . rasmussen cammeron Alexander be probably the biggest writer and distributor of white power literature in LA County . he promote white power band , write review , column , all at the ripe age of forty . young cop ( smile ) he 's forty ? Jesus . rasmussen pretty clean record ... run everything out of he house down by the beach . sweeney there be not any organize white gang around Venice before that two hook up . very few , if any . it be mostly just black and mexican . but it be tiny . they hit it off though ... and Alexander hit the jackpot with derek . rasmussen reach over and push play on a vcr . rasmussen we get some uncut footage here . courtesy of NBC . on the television -- reporter earlier this evening ... LA County firefighter Dennis vinyard be shot and kill while put out a fire in a suspect compton drug de . rasmussen ( to the group ) this be February of ' 90 . ext . vinyard household - a live broadcast - videotape a younger derek , short haire with no tattoo , stand next to the reporter . derek wear a Venice High basketball jersey drench in sweat . towel around neck , he think to himself as the man speak into the camera . reporter to my right I have Lieutenant vinyard 's oldest son derek. ( to derek ) how do you feel about all this , son ? derek how do I feel ? how do you think I feel ? it 's typical . reporter typical how , derek ? derek well ... look at we country . it 's a haven for criminal . Black ...brown ... yellow ... whatever . reporter so you be say the murder of you father be " race " related ? derek every problem in this country be " race " related . every problem , not just crime . this problem be roote in the black community , the Hispanic community , the asian ... every non- Protestant group in we society . ( then ) look at the shit . Immigration ... welfare ... aids ... they be all the problem of the non-white . look at the statistic . reporter most of this issue you be refer to though son be related to -- derek ( interrupt ) no no no ! do not say poverty right now cause that 's not it . they be not a product of we fuck environment either ! minorities do not give two shit about this country ! they be here to exploit ... not embrace . rasmussen ( o.s ) ( over reporter 's question ) when Alexander get he hand on this segment ... he copy it , send it out and it become the gettysberg address for hate group across the country . back to the television . derek million of white european come to this country and flourish within a generation ! a generation ! so what the fuck be wrong with this people ?! reporter what do any of this have to do with you father ? derek because my father be do he fuck job ! save a nigger neighborhood he do not give two shit about ! and he get kill by some drug dealer who still collect a fuck welfare check . derek look at the man and walk over to he mother doris , who smoke a cigarette . the camera follow he as he put he arm around she and escort she back inside they Venice Beach residence . the camera pan back to the reporter who just stand there , speechless . int . briefing room - same rasmussen eject the tape , the screen turn to fuzz , and he turn it off . rasmussen vinyard be quietly release from chino on Saturday after three and some odd year . and I think it 's something we might want to keep a eye on for a few day . sweeney I do not wanna be a alarmist . but payback be out there . I know it be . and in this particular case ... if vinyard get pop ... more people will get pop . rasmussen it 's not exactly lapd policy but I want 24 - hour surveillance on vinyard for a few day . cop # 2 ( smile in disbelief ) twenty - four hour surveillance , sir ? rasmussen just for a few day . another cop he do not sound like Mr. Lovely here , Captain . you want we to bust he or protect he ? rasmussen offer sweeney a look that it 's he question . sweeney I do not think vinyard 's gonna be the one to start anything . it 's he follow . rasmussen either way ... let 's keep it low . CUT to : ext . venice beach boardwalk - morning peaceful day by pennywise blast from Danny 's walkman headphone . the day be cloudy and overcast but that do not bother the local surfer . a twosome paddle north to get a better break on the next set . Danny watch as he skateboard down the strand . his appearance be change , now resembling a young , softer derek . head shave to a quarter of a inch , he wear a plain white backpack with punk / white power band scribble all over it . you standard sex pistol , dk , germ , g.b.m. , and adolescent in black . cro-Magnon and skrewdriver off to the leave . in red be the large name , dick nixon . CUT to : ext . venice high school - the bike corral kid from all walk of life park they car , lock they bike and head off to class . ext . hallway - tight on a thrashed locker Danny throw he skateboard in , slam the door , and turn to face lizzy , a pretty , redhead freshman . lizzy hi Danny . danny hey lizzy . the two smile at one another as the first bell ring . CUT to : int . school bathroom - a urinal Danny take a piss . outside , a voice plead " it be not I ! " daryl dawson , pale and thin , be shove into the bathroom and he trip into the sink . little henry , a young black kid , enter with two of he buddy . Danny zip up and face they . little henry ( to a terrify daryl ) tellin ' Baker I be fuckin ' cheatin ' ? I have never cheat in my life . buddy # 1 beat he ass , Henry ! little henry why you trippin ' on I ? daryl I do not say anything , Henry . I swear . buddy # 2 he 's lie , man ! I be right there ! Little Henry crack daryl in the face and practically knock he down with one shot . a bleed daryl struggle to he hand and knee behind Danny . little henry next time , man . Danny stare into Henry 's eye and the trio exit . dannv help daryl back up to the sink . the second bell ring . CUT to : int . CLASS - same kid have just settle into they seat . Danny walk in and try to be discrete . offscreen voice vinyard !? a older teacher write a algebra problem on the board for the student to solve . older teacher you be late . the man grab a pink slip off he desk and hand it to Danny . old teacher but it look like you get bigger problem . danny ( read the slip ) oh , man ! come on . get a job . the teacher stare at he . CUT to : int . principal lobby - danny he sit in a chair next to a office door mark dr . ROBERT sweeney - principal . Danny glance at the secretary as she type and talk on the phone . tight on danny . he listen to the conversation through the the crack in the door as he eye swell . murray ( o.s. ) I do not have a problem with he as a individual , alright !? sweeney ( o.s. ) oh shit Murray sure you do . you hate this kid . int . office - the conversation the bespectacle , short - haire murray rosenberg , 48 , look over and spot Danny listen outside . Murray walk over and shut the door . he look at dr . sweeney , who now have he jacket off . he point to a typewritten report on the desk and smile in horror . it be title book report --mein kampf . " Daniel vinvard - american History " be in the upper leave hand corner . murray this paper be a travesty , Bob ! argue for Hitler as a civil rights hero ?! you have gotta draw a line . sweeney Murray ... it say in you syllabus that they could do they report on any book related to the struggle for Civil rights . murray oh come on , Bob ! sweeney let I finish ! he need help ... I be not dispute that . but I read it and I be not go to throw he out . murray his brother probably put he up to it . sweeney I can guarantee you he brother do not have anything to do with it , Murray . Murray sigh and take off he glass . murray do not let he walk scot- free here . for he sake ... not mine . you might be all he have leave . sweeney stare at the young teacher and nod . CUT to : ext . office - the door open Murray walk out and turn back to sweeney . murray thanks , Bob . sweeney ( o.s. ) okay . get in here , Dan ! Danny and Murray make hostile eye contact . danny I know it be you . sweeney ( o.s. ) shut up and get you ass in here ! int . office - danny enter before he even get through the door he 's chastise . sweeney what 's it gonna be , Dan ? danny what 's what go to be ? sweeney this petty shit you be pullin' . danny well ... I do not know . sweeney you say it , all right . sit down . Danny do what he 's tell . sweeney stare at the teenager and lean back in he chair . sweeney be you okay ? danny yeah . sweeney any time you wanna talk , Dan -- danny okay . sweeney how 's derek ? danny Fine . sweeney adjusting okay ? danny yeah . sweeney he be a student of mine . honor English . he be a great student ... like you ... but he hang out with scumbag . also like you . that 's why he end up in the pen , hunh ? no answer . sweeney hold up Danny 's paper . sweeney great write . I can not correct it though . it wreak too much of shit . danny come on , man ! I follow direction and write a " a " paper . it 's get nothing to do with derek . sweeney everything you do now have something to do with derek . who tell you to do this ? danny let we get on with we life , man ! sweeney hey , I be not worried about derek - - he can take care of himself . I be worried about he little brother . ( softly ) mein kampf , Dan ? I should expel you ! danny do it . what ? you do not think I could handle it ? sweeney ( smile in disbelief ) the street would kill you , Danny . you be not tough . the second a brother pull a gun on you ass you will be holierin ' for doris . ( ponder to himself ) so here 's the drill . take it or leave it cause I be sick of babysit . I be you history teacher from here on out . we be gonna deal with shit happen right now . call it american History ... x. I see you ass once a day . any more , any less , and you be a memory at Venice High . clear ? danny it take I a week to read mein kampf . come on , sweeney . sweeney my name be Dr. sweeney . and I want a another paper on my desk tomorrow . danny what be I do it on then ? sweeney it be not a " what " , it 's a " who . " ( after a beat ) derek . smash to : ext . venice shoreline - late afternoon a series of intercut show activity in and around the pier . a homeless latino man search a trash dumpster . OPEN vendor sell tie - dye and water bong paraphernalia . a fat woman walk past eat a hot dog . black gang member play basketball in they low-rider short and boxer . tight on danny . he skateboard down the boardwalk , perform trick and spin the board . he eat shit , recover , and look off into the distance . danny ( v/o ) people look at I ... and they see my brother . that 's how thing have go since the murder of we father . ext . boardwalk - near the basketball court from afar , he spot a group of black gang member shoot hoop . he and Little Henry from earlier exchange a cold glance . danny ( v/o ) Little Henry hastings and he older brother Jerome . Jerome 's a shoreline crip ... Henry 's on he way . Little Henry and older brother jerome catch they breath and stare down Dan . Danny do not flinch . Jerome sip from a 40 oz . beer and resume play . danny ( v/o ) Venice Beach , man . it do not always look like this . I mean ...our dad use to take we down here to run ... and it be cool . derek fuck own this place . since then though ... the gang , man - - tight on danny . he watch the basketball action as he take a drag off he marlboro Red . danny ( v/o ) -- they have move west from inglewood and South Central and have really just ... take over . especially at my high school . the Venice loco be big too but they hang out in bumluck Mar vista . it 's scary . ( then ) and then there 's the disciple of Christ . the d.o.c . Jerome and Little Henry joke and argue with eight extra player and spectator . dissolve to : ext . basketball court - a game - flashback danny's Pov . the team be a mix assemblage of 3 black and 2 latino and 3 white and 1 black and 1 latino . skinhead fat seth ryan , early twenty , and he two skinhead buddy , can not compete against the better , predominantly black team . one of the skin , curtis , have a shave head , a light beard and a m-16 rifle tattooe on he head . jerome and little henry sit together to the right of the court and monitor closely . Danny look over he leave shoulder and see derek and Stacey sit with cammeron . cowboy hat and bronco jersey , they sit and converse on the bleacher . lawrence seven-six . let 's go ! set some pick ! seth bring it on , boy . derek quickly move he eye to the court . lawrence Boy ? lawrence quickly pivot past Seth , dunk it , and yell as he hang on the rim . the crowd cheer . seth lucky piece of shit ! I be through " monkey " around with you ass ! lawrence spin around and challenge Seth . lawrence fat , pasty , pale , pastrami eat , cracker , motherfucker . a hundred buck say I make you my bitch . seth ( to the crowd ) here we go ! try to make end meet for that cut in welfare . he make a scene and pass Danny on the sideline . lawrence wait for Seth to take it further . Danny look at he , concerned . danny it 's eight -six , Seth . seth when I want you fuck opinion I will ask for it , fuckhead . ( to derek and cam ) help I cover here , guy . derek and cameron stare at Seth , know Seth will lose and embarrass they . cammeron you get a big fuck mouth , fat kid . seth I will take this negro down . derek you can not take a shit , Seth . shut up . derek shoot a look to cameron , come to a decision , and stand . he shout for all to hear . derek I get a bet . lawrence stare at he , sense something harder . derek I come in , same score now , first one to eleven . Black boy against the white boy . lawrence look back to he boy in disbelief . lawrence name you price , cracker . derek no money ... for the court . we win , you grab you shit and find a different place to run . not just today ... forever . you win , and we do not come back . no hitching , no fight , here in front of everyone . six -eight , we ball . the action around the court get very still . finally , lawrence nod . lawrence you get a lot of fuck ball , man . bring it . right now . derek pull off he sweatshirt and give it to Stacey . lawrence get he team together . CUT to : ext . court - black versus white no more mix assemblage of player . one team be white , one team be black . a series of smot derek blow by lawrence for a leave hand layup . derek hit a thirty looter . curtis grab a rebound and use he elbow to get defender off he . Big lawrence foul derek hard and derek stare at he . Big lawrence make a twenty foot turnaround . lawrence advance on a three on two and dunk it . derek pump fake three time and use the glass for a deuce . finally , derek drive the lane and dish to Seth at the last minute for a bucket . seth yes ! ten a piece ! Nice fuck dish . seth and curtis slap derek 's hand as they get back on transition . derek stare at lawrence . cammeron watch intently . cammeron it 's all you , Der ! lawrence fuckin ' byu , man ! all right ! all we need be one now ! lawrence and derek lock eye , a look exceed competitive boundary . a look fill with rage . cammeron use that fat ass and keep he out , Seth ! Seth and the oppose player bang to get position underneath . lawrence I be not losin ' in my house ! clear it out ! the power forward dribble beautifully up the court -- he teammate clear out the key . defensively , derek be solid . he try to pass derek but derek 's defense be stifling . again . with another tricky move , lawrence inadvertently put he left elbow into derek 's face , send he quickly to the pavement . everybody stop . curtis that 's fuckin ' offense ! lawrence get the fuck outta here ! he be movin ' he foot ! derek , tooth bloody , rise . the two have a stare down . derek ( threateningly ) I will go if you want to . lawrence you wanna piece ! bring it ! player quickly rush to restrain the two even though the team hate each other . derek if you wanna go ... I be ready . do not be throwin ' fuckin ' elbow . lawrence fuck you ! derek walk over to cammeron , Danny and Stacey stand courtside . she have a water bottle and a towel wait for he . he wipe he bloody lip and take a sip . cameron stare at derek . cammeron hey . be you copacetic ? derek nod and look at Danny and Stacey . cammeron he 's gonna do that 180 spin move . derek I know what he 's gonna do . danny you gotta call offense on that shit . derek not on point game you do not . stacey fuck that , D . that chucker can not pull that shit . it 's fuck - derek not on point , honey . he turn back to the court and walk over to lawrence . he stand in front of he and check the ball in . derek ten ! lawrence take the ball , pass it to the wing , and quickly get it back . lawrence dribble up top , make a marvelous 180 spin with the ball , and pull up for a ten foot jumper . derek read it perfectly and reject it . lawrence trip to the ground , derek grab the ball off the fast break and dunk it . danny ( amaze by the dunk ) Holy shit ! everybody courtside go nut . derek walk to the sideline , ignore all the hand slap be offer . everyone be rivete on derek . seth ( to the other team ) get off my fuck court ! this be my house ! danny yeah ! fuck ... yeah ! a sweaty derek pull he little brother close . he take a drink of water , spit out more blood , look at he bitter opponent , and say nothing . CUT to : ext . STREET - by the court derek , Danny , Seth , cammeron , curtis and Stacey stand outside the bronco . the door be all open and the stereo softly play music in the b.g. derek dry off . danny's Pov . derek throw a shirt and tie over he sweaty , tattooe body . Danny watch the tat disappear , and it 's almost like he brother be normal . a name tag read LA copy CENTER - derek - assistant manager . derek look at jerome and lawrence from afar . Danny notice the two man stare at he brother , ready to kill . derek meet they gaze . CUT to : ext . venice boardwalk - present - danny's Pov Danny awaken from he daydream . the black player now stare at he . Danny put he board down and skate down the boardwalk . danny ( v/o ) it be only the beginning . ( then ) derek once tell I that minority would take America over one day . that white people be too afraid . maybe he be right . CUT to : ext . SMALL beach house - a patio Danny skate up to the gate and kick he board up to he hand . he pass two surfboard on he way towards the back . ext . side entrance - two 14 -year-old lizzy , the redhaire beauty from earlier , and she blond friend kammi , sturable out and laugh . they be stone . kammi hey ! Danny ! danny ( smile ) hey . lizzy you be go tonight , right ? danny where ? lizzy that party . go there . the two young girl giggle and take off . int . tiny , messy bedroom - same jason and CHRIS , two 17 - year - old skinhead with shave head , prepare to hit the surf . Chris sing to institutionalized by suicidal tendencies on the stereo while Jason throw on a zog t-shirt , the top of they fullsuit hang down . danny ( o.s ) there 's dick for wave . CHRIS I do not care . I just wanna get wet . tight on danny . he flip through a book title turner diaries . on the nightstand to he leave be a digital clock that read 4:47 p.m . danny I have be try to buy this . you can not find it anywhere . the two look at Dan . jason cammeron drop we off a copy . dope fuck shit , man . it 's all about reclaim the country . I will let you read it when I be do . danny fuck that . I just read mein kampf . jason there you go . CHRIS hey ? what be this daryl shit you be talk about ? danny Henry hastings almost kick daryl Dawson 's ass . he would be too if -- CHRIS Little Henry the negroid ? Danny nod . danny everyday there 's something over there , man . CHRIS why do you think we fuckin ' quit ? danny I hear you . jason daryl Dawson 's a pussy faggot . CUT to : ext . boardwalk - danny , jason and cmris - later the three skateboard down the strand , Jason and Chris with they surfboard S and suit . Chris look at Jason 's shirt . CHRIS what 's zog again ? jason Zionist somethin' . danny zionist-occupational - government . ahead a old asian woman tow a succession of shopping cart . as Jason pass , he smack she with he surfboard and knock she to the ground . they all laugh and Danny break off and head east on Rose . CUT to : int . dumpy apartment - tight on teary eye davina vinyard , in a ucla t-shirt and panty , cry on the couch as she hug a long haire derek . doris sob as she lay under a pink blanket , burden by the flu . shirtless derek grab doris ' hand and lean over to kiss she . derek it 's gonna be fine . ext . dumpy apartment build - night Danny skate up to he residence and look at a car across the street . two plainclothes cop from the earlier meeting sit in they car and stare from afar . Danny go through the gate . int . house - same Danny walk in on the tearful family conclave . he stand there , wishing the day would just end . danny oh man - -! come on ! what be you cry about now ? the phone ring and derek rush down the hall to get it . derek I get it . Danny look to he mother . danny be you feel better at all ? doris I need a kiss . Danny wipe away she tear , kiss she , and move away quickly so he will not get sick . int . bedroom - derek on the phone he listen to the man on the other line . derek unhuh . unhuh . do you expel he ? int . live room - same there 's a knock on the front door and davina answer . she open the door and try to shut it immediately . skinhead fat seth , from the game earlier , wear a good guy stereo uniform . he push the door back open . davina what do you want !? seth open up , bitch ! davina relent and Seth enter . davina ( examine he ) Jesus ! be you sure you can fit through the door ? seth fuck off . ( excited ) where be he ? davina back in he bedroom . Seth push Danny to the side , pass doris and yell . seth ( smile ) where be you , you free motherfucker ? Seth move down the hall and bang on derek 's door . seth vinyard ! davina he 's on the phone , asshole ! seth fuck off . derek ( o.s. ) I will be out in a minute ! without push it , Seth undoe he pants and move into the bathroom . Danny walk down the hall . int . bathroom - the can Seth sit on the toilet . Danny push the door slightly and stare at Seth 's gun on the bathroom counter . Danny look at he . after a few second -- seth what be you lookin ' at ? danny I be still try to figure it out . seth come in here and I will show you , maggot . danny fuck off . when would you start carryin' ? seth I be drop the kid off at the pool , junior . shut the fuckin ' door ! Danny grab he nose and turn to the door behind he . danny Jesus ! chew you food , dude ! int . bedroom - derek he continue into the phone receiver . derek all right . thanks . I will take care of it . yeah . danny's Pov . he open the door and see derek on the phone with he back to he . above derek be Danny 's surfboard , hang on rope hook to the ceiling . Blue jeans , black boot and slicked back hair , derek hold he hand up and motion for Dan to be quiet . the sleeve of tat cover he arm , shoulder and back ( D.O.C. ) define the hatred that have engulf he past . derek ( into the receiver ) okay . okay . I be what ? what channel ? he cover the receiver , turn on a ten inch tv , and flip to the correct channel . derek ( without turn ) what be it , Danny ? danny you get pig outside . derek I know . derek lean over the computer to check it out . int . / ext . bedroom - derem' Pov he look through the blind and stare at the unmarked car . Danny throw he backpack on the bed and exit . tight on derek . he listen to the television . tv ancror ( o.s. ) Saturday 's prison release of a former skinhead gang leader have many community leader up in arm tonight . int . bathroom - tight on seth he point he Glock 9 mm at the mirror . seth Drop the t.v. , nigger . he laugh to himself and exit . int . hallway - seth continued he bang on derek 's door once more , piss that derek do not open it earlier . he head for the live room . int . live room - continue tv action Danny , davina , and doris be glue to the news story on the same station . doris , once beautiful , be now age and gray . nyquil , pepto bismol , two prescription container , and a spoon rest on the coffee table . tight on the television . a well -dress black woman speak angrily to the reporter cover the story . random black protestor nod and comment in the background . black woman maybe now white will understand the motive behind people like malcolm X and the Black panther . just put the shoe on the other foot . flash to : ext . chino prison - the vinyard on news footage Danny walk ' towards derek and they smile and hug . davina and doris soon join in . davina black woman ( v/o ) derek vinyard deserve the death penalty for what he do to that young man ! and now he walk the street as free as you and I . danny {to the tv ) what about oj , bitch !? int . vinyard house - tight on the tv the news segment wind down . black woman ( feed up , to the camera ) they have do it to we again . a hand reach over to turn the channel . it's seth . doris , in a awful state , lay back down . tight on seth . tattoos cover he forearm . a bloody snake be halfway tuck under he roll - up sleeve . seth nigger lovin ' Jew media call the shot . watch cartoon . it 's the only t.v. that 's safe nowadays . doris no one 's safe -- until we all be . Seth look at the woman like she 's from another planet . he laugh and go into the kitchen . int . kitchen - seth's Pov he look through the fridge but find nothing . he close the door and look at the family picture on the door . a family shot of doris , derek , Danny , davina , and dennis vinyard in front of church . Seth appreciate Dennis in a coat and tie . below that , a picture of a dirty and rugge Dennis and a young davina , wear she father 's FIRE helmet . Danny with doris . seth come in here , Dan . int . SMALL kitchen - same he sit and come upon davina 's revealing crotch . she study and so do he . Danny walk in the kitchen and look through the fridge . he pull out a leftover piece of steak and gnaw on it . Seth look over at Dan seth where the fuck you find that ? danny goin ' to cam 's party tonight ? seth be davina 's ass water tight ? Danny laugh . davina hurry up and leave , goodyear . you have take you dump now go . seth listen to you . you callin ' I a blimp , you fuckin' Democrat ?! davina yes ! I be ! Danny take a bite and laugh at Seth . danny I be there tonight . seth oh yeah ? you ask derek ? danny noo ... but he 's get two keg . seth well ... you can think of I drinkin ' them then when you be study with fuckin ' ... White trash in there . davina scoff and Seth look up she shirt . seth where be the fucker , by the way !? he 's hide from we . davina look up from she homework and catch the pervert look at she . davina you be not even human . Seth erupt with laughter . danny be cam play stick ? seth of course , man . Seth drum on the table as Danny shove the last bite into he mouth . seth sit down . I wanna ask you some question . danny I get homework , Seth . seth two fuck second , dude ! Danny sit and look at Seth . seth tell I you conviction . danny fuck off . seth tell I some of the shit you have learn luckbrain or I will pistol - whip you . danny about Adolf ? seth about anything . what do you believe in ? Danny think to himself and smile . danny I believe in filth and destruction and chaos and death and greed . seth what else ? danny I believe in my family . seth why ? danny " respect you father and you mother . whoever curse you mother and father ... be to be put to death . " Matthew 15 - 4 . seth good . what else ? tell I what I want to hear , asshole . danny you mean that stuff about you mother ? davina cackle in the background . seth you wanna get beat ? danny no . seth then tell I about Adolf and mein . int . live room - davina she put down she homework and look over at Seth . davina hey Seth ? cut the shit . seth I be not fuckin ' talkin ' to you , davina , shut up ! do you believe in Adolf ? danny yeah , man . I believe in Adolf . Seth smile at the youth and speak intimately . seth what do you hate , Danny ? danny I hate everyone that be not white Protestant . seth why ? and say it with some fuck conviction ! danny because they be a burden to the advancement of the white race . some of they be all right -- seth none of they be all right , Danny . they be all a bunch of fuck freeloader . ( after a beat ) remermber canuneron . " we do not know they , we do not want to know they , they be the fuck enemy . " what do not you like about they ? danny I do not know . I feel threaten by they . davina they feel threaten by you ! seth ( ignore she ) what else , Danny ? and speak intelligently you little queer faggot . davina 's attention be rapt on she little brother . danny I hate the fact that it 's cool to be black this day . seth good. danny I hate this hip hop influence on white fuckin ' suburbia . seth good ! danny I hate Hilary Clinton and all of she Zionist MTV pig tell we we should get along . save the rhetorical bullshit honey , it be not gonna happen . Seth look at the young man . he smile at he with distinct revelation . seth that 's the best shit I have ever hear come out of that mouth . tight on davina . she stare at the two hate monger . davina I feel . sorry for you , Danny . seth shut up , davina . davina you shut up , you poison to fuckin ' society ! get out of we house ! seth ( laugh ) be this any way to treat a guest ? davina derek hate you , Seth . derek ( o.s. ) how do you know who I hate , davina ? tight on derem vinyard - silence . he 's a strike presence with he scruff , tight t-shirt and tat hang down he arm . a black jacket wrap around he waist . davina ( o.s ) what do you mean ? Seth stand and smile . seth hey ! how be you , man ? fuckin ' A. Long time no see . look at that hair . Seth move to hug he old friend but derek offer a reluctant hand instead . derek gimme just one second , okay ? Seth nod as derek stare at Danny . derek do you do a book report on mein kampf ? danny what 's it to you ? derek ( ready to kill ) what 's it to I ? danny ( see this ) I mean ... how would you find out ? derek none of you fuck business how I find out . seth I think it be a great idea . derek that figure . you be more stupid than he be . seth it 's nice to see you too , man . derek why would you do it , Dan ? because of Seth . danny no . derek cammeron ? danny I do it cause I feel like it . derek oh , you do everything you feel like ? I feel like smack you in the fuck head . would you mind if I do a report on that ? danny uhhh ... yeah . derek get a clue , you dumbshit . hey ! look at I ! do not be a dickhead . sweeney care about you . seth ( smile ) sweeney do ? since when ? danny be that he on the phone ? derek yep . so wise up . you hear I ? seth sweeney 's a fuckin ' nigger on a power trip , vinyard . that 's what he be like when we be there and that 's how he be now . it will never change either . a nigger be a nigger . derek stare at Seth , ready to beat the fuck out of he . suddenly , doris start in with a coughing attack . derek quickly fill a glass of water and go in there . int . live room - the pink blanket she cough incessantly . derek sit down beside she , hand she the water , and caress she head . the other stare at she in the background . doris just put I out of my mercy . derek you will be okay . you want I to pick you up any more medicine ? together they look at all the bottle and laugh . derek check out the couch . derek Jesus . I can not believe I ever let it get this bad . doris it 's not that uncomfortable . danny be you gonna to live or what , Mom ? doris I need a cigarette . derek my ass . you smoke two pack a day . that 's why you be spittin ' phlegm . doris cough once again and spit green into she napkin . seth ( astonished ) Jesus , Mrs. vinyard . I think a lung just come up . everybody laugh -- include doris . derek tenderly put he hand on he mother 's cheek . doris I be high as a kite . danny you get any more ? doris Daniel ? I know you get homework . danny I be goin ' in a second . relax . seth ( interject to derek ) hey . I be gonna re-wipe and we be out of here . Seth laugh as he walk down the hall . davina you be a pig . doris I do not like he in this house . derek I know . davina he ' 's a fuckin ' loser , Nazi scumbag . danny no he 's not . derek yes he be . open you eye . Danny look at derek and smile . danny whatever , dude . I be gonna go power that shit and I will see you later . he pat he brother on the shoulder and walk off . derek not at cammeron 's you will not see I . danny ( turn back ) come on , Der ! it 's gonna be fuckin' -- derek forget it , Danny ! it be not gonna happen for you tonight . Danny walk off , frustrated . he cross Seth 's path , get shove into the wall , and react like it 's a everyday occurrence . Seth move out the side window and climb out . seth hurry up . I be starve . davina what else be new ? derek nod , look at he mother and kiss she on the forehead . derek I will see ya . doris okay . be careful . derek I will . derek follow Seth out the side window and go down the alley . int . apartment - tight on doris she think to herself and close she eye . ext . side STREET - seth's truck derek look at the oblivious cop and drop into the passenger 's seat . Seth start the engine and drive away . as the truck disappear , we pick up on a white souped up jeep cherokee turn the corner . tinted window , it cruise past the apartment complex . int . danny's bedroom - a desk CUT to : Danny 's attention be everywhere except on he homework . danny this suck . he walk back out of he bedroom . int . hallway / live room - danny's Pov he watch davina complete she homework on the couch . doris , on the sofa opposite , try to sleep . danny hey . davina hey what ? danny come here . davina what !? danny come here for a second ! the scholar set she homework aside and impatiently follow he down the hall . int . bedroom - two single beds she sit on the edge of danny's bed . Danny hand she he assignment instruction . davina I get shit to do , Dan . danny just read it . she sigh and begin to read it out loud . davina " american History X ? take home paper as assign by principal Robert sweeney ? " ( to Danny ) why be he give you homework ? what happen to Murray ? danny asshole turn I in . davina why ? danny just read . davina " describe in detail you opinion of - the historical event that take place in the early morning of October 4th , 1993 . " what 's that ? danny the night derek waste that guy . davina take a moment . davina sweeney give you this ? danny yep . davina ( continue she read ) " before and after ... how have this event help or hurt you present perspective concern life in contemporary America . use the standard five paragraph format , blab blab blah -- this will be good for you .. danny nooo ... it will be good for you . she stare at he for a good three second . davina eat I , Dan . danny come on ! Dick Nixon 's playin ' at cammeron 's tonight . you owe I . davina I be not do you homework for you ! I gotta spreadsheet due ! danny goddammit ! davina walk to the door and look back to she brother . davina what 's the matter with you ? you wanna be a fuckin ' loser you whole life ? not receive a response , she walk out the door . danny asshole sweeney . he slowly begin to strike the computer key . the screen read " people look at I and they see my brother . that 's the way thing have go since the murder of we father , " tight on danny . the frustate kid sit and think to himself . himself . quick CUT to : ext . establishing shot - night - flashback the broad expanse of a empty , dimly lit parking lot . in the distant corner we see a few park car and a group of skin gather . danny ( v/o ) it be lunacy after he leave we . all the time . derek believe in cammeron ... he be angry ... that combination give they body . White punk ... sick of gettin ' they ass kick by black and mexican gang at school . tight on danny leaning against a adjacent car . Seven skin , include Seth and curtis , smoke and wait . danny's Pov . Danny look to he leave and see derek with cammeron , who sit in the driver 's seat of the bronco . Stacey lean in from the backseat . stacey I hope you kill that fucker . derek look back at she and straight to cameron . cammeron he might have a gun . derek be you go in or not ? cammeron you know I get the cop on I . if I come up on one of that camera I be a dead man . derek stare at the older man , who appear nervous . cammeron somebody need to drive , derek . derek ( refer to he mouth ) all right . you can turn it off now . ( back to Stacey ) you be right on he tail , right ? stacey ( nodd ) I hate that fuck Korean . I hope you smash he face in . derek just be ready , okay ? she nod and derek get out . the group be silent . derek come on . let 's pull it together . hey ! we be not play fuckin ' game here . let 's go . the group snap to attention behind he as Seth toy with the camera . curtis from earlier take a hit off a joint and make derek wait for he . derek walk over to the crazy man , take the joint , and throw it onto the ground . derek what the fuck , curtis ? you a fuckin ' nigger now ? want some crack ? curtis no . derek ( grab he neck ) pull you fuck stupid head out of you ass then . curtis okay . Jesus . derek ( to the group ) we be here tonight cause we get immigration problem spiralling out of control . we get asian up the ass ... take over we land with they fuck yen. mexican ... flocking into this place like some giant fuck pinata be shattered . the group bust up . cammeron watch derek and smile . derek do not laugh . it 's tragic . on the statue of Liberty it say " give I you tired , you hungry , you poor , you huddle mass ... yearn to be free . " it do not say give I you shiftless , you greedy , you indolent , you criminal , look for a free ticket . the group agree . derek we be here tonight to show the government how we feel about minority take over we country . the treat we like criminal while they reward they with job and fuck welfare check . and it 's only get worse . ET al ( nodd ) fuck yeah it be . derek be you ready to do something about it ? ET al yeah . derek okay then . and they 're moving . in formation . fast . directly at we . angry . as the camera swing into line , tracking with they , derek reach into he back pocket and pull out a stocking mask . he pull it down over he face . the foot soldier follow he in unison . derek ( back to he troops ) remember . no name . Danny ? stay right on my fuck ass , man . and now they be get ahead of we . as the camera swing behind they , we see they destination . ext . lighted grocery store - same they storm the front entrance . the few people who be in there scream and scramble for cover . derek grab a mexican boxboy and throw he to the ground . Seth catch up to another and get he on the ground . seth wheto 's you fuck green card , asshole ? Seth kick the young man in the face with a blatant shot and continue . derek leave a terrify white woman alone like she 's not even there and push over a adjacent shelf , knock over another worker with can of bean . derek ( refer to the border ) can not hide from I , motherfucker ! he kick the man and look around the market for more . Danny watch in awe . curtis break a giant jelly jar over a head . another skin throw a black checker into a shelf of potato chip . derek' Pov . he look up at one of the aisle mirror . int . back stock area - the 55 - year-old korean owner he rush out with a pistol . he take aim on curtis and -- from out of nowhere , derek take a mop to the owner' head and proceeds to kick he . Danny look at derek like he 's superman . derek look to he watch and straighten up . derek let 's go ! we be outta here ! move ! from just inside the door we see skin get in they last blow and pour out the aisle and pass we through the door . tire screech . the camera hold on the wreckage of the market and the motionless body on the floor ; int . bronco - tight on danny he take off he stock mask and stare at he stone - face brother . danny ( v/o ) and before derek could even blink ... he have a craze army behind he . CUT to : int . bedroom - present - the computer Danny spark up a cigarette and type on the screen . danny ( v/o ) willing to follow he word like it be the word of God . CUT to : ext . venice beach house - a rainy night - flashback as the rain fall , we see the vinyard sit at the table . Stacey and Murray rosenberg , doris ' then boyfriend who we meet earlier , round out the clan . Stacey sit close to derek . danny ( v/o ) and then come October 4th , 1993 . int . beach house - the dine room doris look wonderful while Murray , mustache and beard , shake he head at derek as he chatter away . danny ( v/o ) thing be fine on the homefront . my Mom have a good job but a below average boyfriend . we have a four-bedroom house that dad leave we with . everyone be happy . tight on derek . shave head , roll - up sleeve , tattoo , loosen tie , LA copy CENTER name tag from earlier . his charisma draw they attention as he ramble over the crackle rainfall . danny ( v/o ) everyone but derek . derek fuck you , Murray . White man do not cruise the street of LA kill each other . murray no . you guy make bomb . derek stare at the man , eye fill with homicide . derek you be so fuck lame . a couple of crank in cabin in Montana be not statistically significant . ( then ) White Americans do not take pcp and drink and drive a hundred and twenty fuckin ' mile a hour ! we pull over and trust the law . murray you be kid , right ? davina ( sarcastically ) do not you know , Murray ? White people never break the law . we be perfect little angel . derek that 's not what I say , davina . ( to the group ) Three different time rodney King come at that officer with the intent to hurt they . to hurt they ! Three time ! but since we see it on some fuck tampere videotape ... the bleed heart media make you believe that he only come at they once . all we see be Powell , koon and wind hittin ' he and -- ( busting up laugh ) briseno kickin ' he in the back of the fuckin ' skull with he boot . still , the dumbfuck 's tryin ' to get up and kick they ass ! that 's how stupid that motherfucker be . that cop use textbook - solid tactic and if dad be still here he would say the same damn thing . doris that do not make it right . derek yes it do . yes it do . they be cop ! they be teach to use that stick and they do . murray excessively . derek no. appropriately . appropriately ! cop have be grant a certain amount of authority by society and white people , unfortunately , be the only one who acknowledge it . I acknowledge a cop 's authority . davina start to laugh . davina look who 's talk about respect the law ? Mr. k.k.k. here . derek that 's two error in one sentence , davina , so take a fuck course in semantics . first error -- I do not say I respect the law . I say I respect a cop 's authority . second error ... I be not a member of the fuckin ' low rent , disorganize , redneck ku klux klan . . pull you head outta you ass and look at who you be deal with . murray do not speak to she that way , derek . derek Murray , stay out of it . you be not a member of this family and you never will be . murray what the hell do that have to do with anything ? doris ( to derek ) you know ... sometimes it 's hard to believe I give birth to you . derek give thanks to the food on the table and then believe it , doris . doris we both put food on this table , fella . derek true enough . the point be ... if Dan be walk across the street that night and rodney King plow into he -- doris can we forget about rodney King for chrissake ?! derek ( fiercely continue ) -- while hop up on chiva and p.c.p... you would consider the force that cop use to be justified ! doris he do not hit anybody ! derek if he do though ! if that shithead kill Dan ... you would have believe the beat to be justified and so would everybody else . but since he do not hit anyone ... it 's " hand across America " for the son of a bitch . derek take a bite of food . derek we be still so hang up in this notion that we have a obligation to help the struggle black man and all you contribute to it ! lincoln freed the slave a hundred and thirty year ago ! get off you fuck ass ! stacey I be with you , honey . all the way . it 's one ... giant ... ploy . davina here we go . stacey I mean ... nobody like Chief whatever he name be , right ? davina Gates . stacey yeah . so here come this filthy piece of garbage in he Hyundai . he pull over in front of a perfectly light area where a video camera be sit there ... fuck wait for he , man . what happen next ? Chief Gates be dust . it 's total -- davina drop she silverware on the plate with a clatter and look at she mother . everyone stare at davina . davina ( to doris ) May I be excuse please ? derek do not interrupt , davina . davina I do not interrupt shit . derek the hell you do not . I be listen to Stacey and then I hear you . that 's call interrupt . wait ' till she 's finish and you can be excuse . davina who the hell do you think you be ? derek jump up from the table and grab she by the back of the hair . the table jolt and plate tumble to zhe floor . derek you do not know when to shut up . doris dammit derek ! murray what be you try to prove , man ?! derek turn and laugh at Murray . derek I be try to teach my sister some respect , Murray . davi na let go of my fuck hair ! derek ( to Murray ) see ! see the way she speak ! tell I you be gonna shut up and I will let go . doris derek ! let go of she hair and sit down ! derek I will when I hear a answer , doris . be you go to shut up , davina ? tight on danny . he get up quickly and try to pull derek off . derek turn and crack Danny in the face with a backhand , drop he back into a cabinet . a crystal vase with flower crash to the floor , just miss Danny 's head . murray Jesus ! derek ( to Danny ) what be you thinkin' ? doris Danny ?! be you okay ?! Danny nod he head as everyone look at derek . derek it 's a real easy question , davina . a simple yes or no will suffice . tell I what I want to hear and I will let go . davina fuck ... you . derek take a piece of roast beef off she plate and shove it in she mouth . I hold the whole piece inside so she can not spit it out . davina cry as she choke on the meat . murray she can not breathe , derek ! derek stay back , both of you ! it 's she bed , she 's gotta lie in it . ( grab harder ) you can cry all you want , davina . I be not gonna let go until you tell I what I wanna hear ! be you go to shut that fat fuck mouth of you 's and let my girlfriend tell she opinion ? be you ?! doris grab he from behind and he aggressively turn on she . derek curl he tongue behind he tooth and raise he arm like he 's actually go to smack he mother . she grab he arm though , forcefully . doris let go of she hair and get out . derek release he grip on he sister and she spit the roast beef onto the floor . she run into the back bedroom cry , choke and cough . davina ( o.s ) I hate you , you fuck asshole ! the door slam shut in the background . doris , Murray , Danny , and Stacey all stare at derek . derek calmly face he brother . derek you okay ? Danny nod . murray ( softly ) psycho . in slo mo -- time freeze as derek slowly turn he head back to Murray . on the track we hear a few key be type and then silence . a cigarette sizzle . CUT to : int . bedroom - danny thinking - present he take a long drag off he cigarette and exhales . he slowly run he hand over he stubbly head , marvel at the past . back quickly to : int . dine room - tight on derek - flashback cont . derek smile at Murray in wonder and disbelief . derek would you care to repeat that , Murray ? I be not sure I get all of it . stacey ( smile ) he call you a " psycho " , honey . derek ( smile back ) be that it ? thanks Murray . murray see . here we go again with this , derek . make I out to be the bad guy again . stacey you callin ' I a liar , rosenkike ? murray ( to Stacey ) hey goddammit ! you talk to I with respect or --! derek or what , Murray !? what be you gonna do ? give she fuck detention ? doris both of you get out right now . Murray stare at derek with pity . doris become emotional . doris ( to derek ) do you think you be the only one who 's affect around here ? derek focus on he mother for a moment . a captivate Danny watch and wait as derek turn to Murray . derek out of respect for my mother ... I be gonna let that comment go , Murray . I will not bash you face in . but let I tell you something ' ... man to fuckin ' mouse here . normally in a situation like this I would take my steel - tip to you fuck jewish temple . that go for anyone make comment about I , my family , Stacey , whomever . you know and I know that I could crush that puny fuckin ' skull of yours in a second . so it 's beyond I why you would say something like that without be able to back it up ? what 's worse , you sack of shit , be you call the woman I love a liar . murray I never say she be a liar . derek weasel like that again Murray ... you fuckin ' ponytail , pussy , bagel eat , teacher , faggot ... and I will cut you shylock nose off . make no mistake . Murray silently walk out of the house . derek clap and sing the jewish celebration song " hava naghila . " Stacey join in and the two laugh . doris go after Murray . stacey Murray rosenberg ... International Jew . ext . STREET - night Murray go to he car and doris follow . Danny watch from the door . doris he 's a stupid kid , Murray ! I be sorry ! murray he 's not a kid , doris . we be kid . we do not call people kike . doris it 's just gonna take some time with he . what can I do ? murray you do not know you child , doris ! you have no clue about the world they live in . you son be a terrorist . doris he 's not a terrorist , Murray . Jesus ! murray he 's a member of the disciple of Christ . you remember that grocery store incident ?! doris Murray ? murray my sister and she two kid get evacuate from she Temple in woodland Hills ! doris Murray ! please ! derek would never have anything to do with bomb , okay ?! you do not know he like I do . murray and I would not want to . Goodbye . Murray get inside and go down the street . int . house - same danny's Pov -- he watch doris stand alone , she face in she hand , cry . behind Dan a humiliate davina storm towards derek , now wield a baseball bat . danny davina ? derek hear Dan and look out of the corner of he eye . he spot she at the last moment . davina take this , you fuck dick ! derek pop up quickly , disarm she , and pull she close . derek davina ! it 's okay ! calm down . please . davina fuck you ! let go ! derek ( whisper in she ear ) I be sorry , davina . come on . davina let go of I ! derek come on , davina . I be sorry . I lose control . please . I screw up . derek hold tight until the cry girl settles down . he 's grip as desperately by remorse as he be moment before by rage . he kiss and repeat he apology over and over . finally , she succumb and put she arm around he . derek look to Danny . derek ( hugging davina ) you guy be my life and I would do anything for you . you do know that ? davina ( wiping she tear ) I do not believe you anymore . derek I swear to God I would , davina . please . danny I believe you , der. derek smile at he little brother , lovingly . derek davina ? please forgive I . please . I be sorry . davina ( nodd , after a beat ) that fuckin ' suck , derek . derek I know it do . and I be sorry . I just really hate that guy . davina you could not tell . a rainsoaked doris walk through the front door . doris find a apartment because I want you out of here . derek morn , I be sorry but that guy 's -- doris I do not wanna hear it anymore ! I want you out ! stacey he can move in with I . doris when ? stacey tomorrow . doris good . she walk past derek and into the back bedroom . dissolve to : int . bedroom - tight on danny's eye - present he rise from the computer and peek out the blind . the two cop supposedly watch derek be now eat in the car . one of they look up . Danny flip the blind down . from the other room , he hear doris break into another cough fit . int . live room - danny he sit beside she and hand she a glass of water . danny here . doris thank you , honey . she cough , recover , and sip . Danny walk away . doris hey . come here . sit with I . danny I have get this thing to do . doris you can sit down for two second . he look at she and sit beside she . danny do not breathe on I . doris I will not . they share a smile . danny it 's cold in here , no wonder you sick . she stare and smile at he for a few moment . danny what ? doris what ? I be not allow to look at you anymore ? he smother she face with he hand , jokingly . danny no . you be not . doris ( laugh ) Daniel Patrick ! stop it ! be you ever gonna let that beautiful hair grow back ? danny nope. never . doris I bet you will . he smile and lock eye with he mother for several moment . he finally rise and walk back to he room . danny get some sleep . doris if you need I to proof anything for you I will . danny I will be all right . doris wake up early if you get tired . doris watch he disappear down the hall , distant thought creep back slowly . int . bedroom closet - danny he grab a flannel and throw it on . he see a cigar box that rest on the right shelf . he grab it and look inside . the roll - up LA time clipping read " prominent skinhead charge with murder . " the accompany picture of derek be near evil . tight on he eye . Danny stare at the clipping . on the track --gunshots . match CUT to : int . bedroom window - the eye - flashback he watch derek fire he gun at the tran am as it blaze down the street . he walk over to the wounded man on the lawn and point he weapon . stacey ( o.s. ) get on the floor , Danny ! Jesus ! Danny look down at she and hurry out of he room . ext . house - tight on derek he hover over big lawrence . gun point steadily , he kick he in the stomach over and over -- tongue press against tooth . hot air flow from derek 's breath and into the cold . derek you fuck with the wrong bull . lawrence goddamn , man ! Danny watch he brother from the front porch . danny let the cop handle it , Der ! derek fuck that . the cop will let he walk . derek grab lawrence and drag he to the curb . derek ever shoot at firemen , you fuck ? ( then ) open you mouth and put it on the corner of the curb . I be gonna teach you a little lesson . danny derek !? derek get in the fuck house , Dan ! Danny do not move . lawrence come on , man . call a ambulance . derek my dad give I that truck , motherfucker . could not leave well enough alone . put you mouth on the corner of the fuck curb ! derek cock he piece and lawrence comply -- he tooth now scraping concrete . siren sound from afar . Danny walk out into the middle of the street to check it out . danny the cop be comin ' Der ' lawrence mumble something unintelligible from he outstretch mouth . derek what the fuck do you say ? you just threaten I ? hunh ? hunh ? hunh ? danny ( anticipate ) no ! derek stomp he foot on the back of lawrence be head - completely tear he jaw in half on the curb 's corner . danny ( cry ) Holy fuck shit ! derek ! what the hell be that for ?! Jesus ! the two lock eye . derek do not flinch . helicopter light shine on the house . cop car screech to a halt . danny's Pov . two cop take cover behind they door , draw they gun , and shout instruction . derek put the gun down , put he arm behind he head , and drop to he knee . his eye be remorseless . danny ( v/o ) Joseph conrad once write that " murder be always with we . it 's almost a institution . " that could not ring more true than with I . CUT to : ext . wet STREET - the crime scene - later five patrol car , a FIRE truck , two ambulance , and a throng of terrify neighbor strangle the front of the house . clothed and handcuff , derek be escort from the house by two uniform cop and rasmussen . danny ( v/o ) Bobby lawrence die of massive head trauma early that morning . derek march past the body -- which be be tend to thoroughly . danny ( v/o ) six month after that ... derek be convict and sentence to seven year for voluntary manslaughter ... to be serve at the California State penitentiary in chino . rasmussen force derek 's head down and he get in the car . he stare at he brother and sister as police light flash on he . then to Stacey . finally , to a lifeless doris . they lock eye as the patrol car take off down the street . danny ( v/o ) prosecutor want murder one for my brother 's torture method ... but there be not enough " premeditate " evidence . CUT to : omit int . bedroom - danny's eye they clearly focus on the computer . highlighted be the sentence " there might have be if I testify . " only when he hit the delete key do it disappear . he continue type . danny ( v/o ) ( continue ) over the next year we would lose we house and the rest of we father 's pension to attorney fee . my mother ... much to all of we surprise ... stand by derek . Danny 's interrupt by a loud knock on the front door . int . front hall - danny's Pov he look through the peephole and see it 's CHRIS and jason . he sigh in relief and open the door . jason we be here , dude . CHRIS Drop you dick and grab you stick . danny I tell you I can not tonight . doris ( o.s. ) ( from the couch ) Danny ? danny it 's okay , Mom . the two punk laugh as Danny push they and they board back to he bedroom . he shut he bedroom door . int . bedroom - the threesome Danny look at the two . danny if I do not finish this thing I be dead . CHRIS just tell them you will do it tomorrow . you can not miss the party . jason Fire pie lizzy call and tell we to grab you ass . danny she do ? CHRIS ( nodd ) you gotta hit that shit . it 's the only fun thing that 's legal anymore . the phone ring and Danny grab it . danny hello ? int . dark office - tight on sweeney the only illumination shine through the window from the street . holding he briefcase , he stand over he desk phone , all pack up and almost out the door . sweeney Dan ? danny ( o.s. ) yeah ? sweeney Dr. sweeney . intercut the conversation danny ( worried ) what 's go on ? sweeney nothing here . be everything all right over there ? danny everything 's fine . sweeney how 's it comin' ? danny I be do it right now . cmris who be it , dude ? danny ( cover the receiver ) it 's sweeney . CHRIS who ?! why be he call here !? fuck you , sweeney ! asshole ! jason ( grab the receiver ) get a fuck job , you reggie ! Danny grab the receiver back and yell at he friend . danny you fucker be go to get I boot ! ( into the receiver ) Dr. sweeney ? I be sorry , man . sweeney just make sure it 's on my desk tomorrow , Danny . danny it will be there , alright !? sweeney it better be . sweeney hang up abruptly . Danny slam the phone on the hook , give it tme finger , and look at he friend . danny let 's go . CUT to : ext . cammeron' house party - night a truck sit across the street . int . truck - derek and seth they sit in the car as a band jam from cam 's house . shiftless Seth throw on a black cro - mag t-shirt and toss he work shirt in the back . he wolf down a burger as derek roll he foot on a basketball on the floor . seth you be a idiot if you ask I . derek I be not ask you . seth what if he write something stupid and that nigger turn you in ? Jesus . he do not testify , Der . they can use that shit and re-try you . derek take a long stare at Seth , who devourshis burger . derek sweeney 's not gonna do anything , Seth . he help get I release . Seth be a pathetic vision to derek . derek stare at he for several moment . derek I be out , Seth . Seth wipe he mouth and casually meet eye with derek . derek I be only go to tell you this once so pay attention . I be do , Seth . I do not want you to come near I ... near Dan ... I want you to leave my family alone . Seth stare and laugh at derek . seth you be serious . derek I be dead fuck serious . no more phone call , no more visit , no more nothing . Seth do not know what to say . derek we do not exist as far as you be concerned , Seth . seth I can not believe I be hearing this shit come out of you mouth . derek believe it , Seth . believe it . I spend over three year away from my family . my family , Seth . for what ? seth for you country , fuckhole , that 's what . I would do a hundred year before I feel like that . Seth get out , slam the door , and walk to the party . seth you be a motherfuck traitor ! derek stare out the window and sigh . ext . STREET - derek' Pov he watch the house . suddenly , Danny , Chris and Jason skate up to the residence and follow Seth inside . derek what the - -? shit . int . cammeron' house - the front door CUT to : dick nixon play a punk version of white christmas as skin slam dance . ext . cammeron' back patio - a skinhead his face be tattooe with crow 's foot and prison ink . cassandra , a frail , older , English woman with green hair and multiple piercing , approach jason at the keg . cassandra you be full of shit ! jason if he be not here , he 's comin' . int . house - more slamming Chris , Danny and Jason pound beer and huck dart at a picture of O.J. simpson . Seth violently slam past the kid . derek walk in . CHRIS yo ! what 's up , fat Seth !? Seth throw Chris against the wall . seth I be not fat , cockwart ! I be husky ! cmris okay ! I be sorry , bro ! danny take it easy , dude ! Seth then grab Danny hard by the shirt . Chris and Jason stare at he like he 's gonna hurt he . danny what be you doin ' ?! derek you brother 's a piece of shit ! Seth see derek enter and he release Danny . Seth mix into the party and slam dance into ten other skin . Danny follow Seth towards the keg . derek' Pov . he analyze the crowd . quickly , Chris recognize he . CHRIS Holy shit . Father vinyard !? jason Son of a bitch . derek look at the two kid . jason I be Jason and that 's Chris ! we be friend with you brother ! they stick out they hand but derek prefer to check the scene . CHRIS you be a fuckin ' god , man ! jason no shit ! derek do I a favor . grab Danny and get outta here ! the two boy look at each other and laugh . CHRIS we just get here , man ! derek you what !? Chris look at derek like he 's dead . derek you do not have any homework ?! jason School do not exist anymore , Father . derek stare at he , not really know what to do . CHRIS I write you . two letter while you be in there ! do you get they ?! derek ignore they and weave he way through the crowd , cause many a individual to double - take . Chris and Jason look on in wonderment . ext . large , OPEN shed area - a crowd tight on cammeron alexander . the older , white trash skin furiously bang he stick on the drum to the song . cam 's hair be still long but now he 's get a swastika between he eyebrow like charle manson . he wear troy aikman' dallas jersey and a black cowboy hat . derek' Pov . he pan right to check out the crowd . a man piss out the window . then to a distinct woman . it's stacey . her head be now completely shave but she 's still gorgeous as ever . derek indulge she for a few moment until he turn and walk away . he bump into a girl and knock she drink . cassandra Excuse fuckin ' I ! derek sorry . she smile at derek as the song come to a close . cassandra derek ? derek cassandra . cassandra oh my God ! they say you might be here but I do not fuck believe them ! curtis , the m - 16 on the side of he head perfectly intact , walk by derek . he walk past derek with he young son on he shoulder . curtis I hope what I hear be not true , man . you better hightail it the fuck outta here if it be . after a moment , derek look away and curtis head off . cassandra you gotta chop that mop , Der ! cassandra light a brown menthol cigarette . cassandra ( exhaling ) Stacey 's meander around here somewhere ! have you see the bitch ?! derek shake he head . derek the only person I have see be Seth . cassandra oh God . I be sorry . derek' Pov . he see cameron put he arm around she and kiss she . cameron stick he hand down the back of she pants , smile , pull it out , and lick he finger . derek watch as Danny deliver a beer to cammeron . can put he arm around Dan and they go into the bedroom . Stacey look at derek and follow they . lizzy ( 0 . S . ) be you go in there ? derek look down to see lizzy and kammi . lizzy can you tell Danny that lizzy 's look for he ? derek can only stare at the girl 's youth . int . large bedroom / office - a shrine to hitler derem' pov . he stand in the doorwell and listen . White power paraphernalia cover the wall . articles , poster , everything . the room have a bed , a couch , a glass coffee table and a desk with a computer on it . organize stack of papers , pamphlet and magazine be strewn throughout the floor . cameron sip a beer and talk with Dan . Stacey listen in the background . cammeron he will not do anything ' drastic I hope . danny I gotta do that paper though . cammeron I think you already turn that fucker in ? danny my teacher cry to sweeney , man . have to do another one . cammeron laugh . cammeron oh man . Fucking sweeney . stacey ( chime in ) meanwhile , nigger and spic do they report on malcolm X and fuck fidel castro . cameron laugh again but then become quickly serious . cammeron sweeney 's get a agenda , Danny . and it 's all a load of crap . you hear I ? he 's all about brainwashing . do not get fuck fool by it . derek ( o.s. ) what the hell be you do here , Dan ? they all look over . cammeron ( smile ) hey . I be wonder when he be go to show he face . derek do not lift he eye from Danny . derek what do I tell you , Dan ? danny I have to check it out , der. come on . cammeron he will be all right , derek . derek shoot cameron a look and try another way . derek there 's a redhead out there look for you . go talk to she . Danny get up and walk out . cam look to Stacey . cammeron you go with . derek seize he brother with the eye as he exit . then Stacey . stacey welcome back . he just close the door on she . cammeron look for he cigarettes . cammeron you make it , man . when I hear they throw you in General population I think it be curtain . derek it be not too bad . cammeron so what 's all this self - righteous , bear -again shit I be hearing then ? derek do not blink . cameron smile and point to a chair . cammeron have a seat , derek . relax . tight on cammeron . he spark up a cigi to break derek 's uncomfortable stare . cammeron how be it in there with all that fuckin ' monkey , man ? you be lucky they do not kill you . derek I agree . cammeron who run the place ? the monkey or the wetback ? derek the mexican . cammeron it 's a fuckin ' vacation for they in there , hunh ? derek they be really organize . I will tell ya ... it be impressive . they -- int . house bathroom - danny and lizzy CUT to : the two make out . she sit on the sink and wrap she leg around he . they stop and smile at each other . lizzy I like you . danny I like you , too . CUT to : int . cammeron bedroom - same derek and cam converse over the coffee table . cammeron they be fuckin ' peasant , derek . all of they . ( then ) so what 's up , man ? I be hearing a lot of shit about you . derek be careful with I , cam . you do not know what 's go on with I . cammeron fuckin ' talk to I then . we be family here . let 's work it out whatever it be . derek I be family , cam ? be that why you come to see I all the time up there ? cameron smile but do not know what to say . cammeron I have to distance myself from you after that . derek fuck you , cameron . you be a fuck chicken hawk ... praying on kid . cammeron I do not pray on fuck anyone . derek no . you fuck use they . to filter you insanity . cameron smile in disbelief . cammeron you and Danny be like brother to I , derek . come on , man . derek he 's not you brother , cameron . all right ? he 's my brother . ( after a beat ) you hear I , cam ? cammeron ( explode ) fuck you , derek ! fuck you ! do not think you can threaten I with this shit for a fuckin ' second ! I be more important to he now then you ever be . derek explode . with he foot , he push the glass coffee table hard into cammeron 's knee . cam scream in agony . derek slug he in the face and cam retaliate with two of he own . they wrestle around the room and push they way into the bathroom . int . tiny bathroom - derek and cam derek take cam by he long hair and smashes he face into the mirror . it shatter . derek follow with a solid punch to the kidney . derek you gonna listen ?! cammeron I be gonna fuckin ' kill you . derek bang cam 's face against the mirror once more . derek shut the fuck up ! you be gonna stay away ! that 's what you be gonna do ! derek rinse cam 's bloody face off by plunging it into the toilet . he pull he back up and they face the mirror . derek it 's over . derek stare at he in silence . cammeron retaliate . he forcefully back derek into the wall behind he . he throw two punch at derek -- one in the stomach and one to the face that open he lip . he miss on he third and derek get the upper hand . back to the mirror . derek prepare to crash cam 's face into the shard of glass one last time . the final blow . as cam scream , derek launch he forward then pull back at the very last moment . derek , notice cam 's condition , throw he into the tub . derek throw he a towel , grab one for he lip , and exit . ext . shed area - a group of 20 nazi be they salute the band and chant as they tune up for another set . the singer inquiry about he drummer . derek push he way through and spill a few beer cn the way . cassandra smoke a cigarette with a few random skin as derek pass by . random skin hey derek !? derek what ?! cassandra ( exhaling ) Jesus , Der . what happen ? curtis ( psychotically ) where 's cammeron , man ?! derek I have not see he . cassandra look at he curiously and then focus she attention to the bedroom . stacey ( o /s ) hey ! derek turn around and face she . derek ( point he finger ) stay away from I . stacey do not point you fuck finger at I . derek I be serious , Stacey ! stay away ! she grab and pull on he shirt . stacey what be you gonna do ?! hunh ?! hit I ?! kick I as I roll on the fuckin ' ground scream ?! ( then ) that bullshit with cammeron be nothing , derek ! derek I do not care . Stacey look deep into he eye and can feel it . stacey goddamn you , derek ! that two nigger deserve what they get . they deserve to die ! and just like cameron and Seth and a million other out there ... I will believe that ' till the day I fuck die . I will . nothing will ever change that either . derek break from she grasp and walk away . ext . patio - derem'e Pov he look over to the keg . through the slide glass window , he see Seth take a " tap hit " off the keg . all the guy in the b.g. , including danny , count and cheer . Seth suck the tap while skin count in the background . derek walk out and watch Dan pump the keg . ET al forty -five ! forty-six ! forty - seven ...! Seth remove he mouth from the tap and belch like a pig . all the guy laugh . seth ( grab Danny ) why the fuck do you pump it ?! I coulda go for a minute at least ! Danny look over and meet eye with a bloody derek . he freeze while everyone turn to look derek over . derek let he go , Seth . Seth see blood on derek 's face and shirt and take a moment to identify the source . he draw he 9 mm baretta and point it at derek 's head from four foot away . seth where 's cameron ? derek stare directly into the barrel . danny ( frighten ) Seth , man !? come on ! Seth put the gun directly to derek 's cool head . seth I would be do America a great fuck favor , let I tell you . stacey do it , Seth . Seth glance at she and derek quickly grab the pistol . a shot go off and people hit the deck . derek wrestle the pistol away and punch Seth in the stomach . falling to the ground in pain , derek crack he in the face once more and it 's over . int . cam' bathroom - cassandra and curtis they walk in and look at cammeron , bleed in the tub . curtis pull the metal towel holder off the wall and storm after derek . cassandra laugh . cassandra you get fuckin ' guest out there , cam . ext . patio - same derek toss the gun over the fence and look to Danny . derek come with I right now . he look at he brother . he then see curtis and three other skin come through the house . derek stare at Dan and haul ass down the back alley . danny's Pov . curtis arrive and tend to Seth rather than go after derek . confused and mildly embarrassed , Danny bolt back into the house to get he board . CUT to : ext . venice blvd . - sleeping homeless Danny pass they on he board as he conguer the crack in the street at a incredible rate . he turn the tight corner and cut off a turn car . the man yell . Danny spot he brother walk twenty yard up on the left-hand side of the street and cross . approach quickly , he skate faster and faster as derek near a bus stop bench . hear the board , derek turn to face the clickity clack behind he . danny lunge from he board and tackle deree . the two crash into the street as a car henk from the inside lane , barely miss the duo . Danny punch he brozher in the face . danny Fucking asshole ! derek get on top of he brother , spot a speed car head right for he , and pull he brother to the sidewalk . just in time . derek what the luck be you think !? danny what be you think !? Friends do not fight friend , Der ! they stick together ! derek they be not friend , Dan ! danny what the hell be they then ?! derek pick he brother up and sit he on a bus stop bench . derek just sit there and relax for a second . danny I do not wanna relax ! you look like a idiot back there ! derek stare and sit next to he . Cars and homeless randomly pass in the b.g. Danny look at he brother , transfix in think . danny what 's happen to you , derek ? tight on derek . he look into he brother 's eye . dissolve to blackness : int . / ext . chino prison - establishing shot filing out of the cell . the morning drill . his roommate , a old latino guy , right behind . derek 's eye cast among the inmate , note everyone and look for a friendly face . he note a familiar tattoo , catch the guy eye and nod . walking through the cafeteria . derek with he tray . a sea of table divide by race . he spot a tiny island of white guy at a distant table . he look at stevie the leader , but get a nod from the huge aryan next to he . derek move to sit with they . a wide shot of the yard . from a distance , he approach the Aryan corner . they casually greet each other . derek then look over to the huge aryan from the cafeteria and to stevie mccormick , the crazy look leader . derek walk over and shake they hand . CUT to : int . prison laundry room - morning derek quietly fold towel with a young , chatter black man . young man you get lucky , man . I be in the kitchen for a year before make it in here . pot and motherfuck pan ... disgusting beef stroganoff shit ... boil hot water ... fuck that ! ( look over ) my name 's Lamont , man . derek do not even look at lamont . Stone cold , he continue fold . lamont I get you back . righteous white cracker with attitude . just like the judge who sentence I , man . Lamont laugh but then become serious . lamont if you smart though you will remember one thing . you be the nigger in here . not I . CUT to : ext . prison yard - day derek' Pov . he see stevie mccormick confer with a mexican gang leader . the mexican hand stevie a joint through a handshake . derek turn and talk to two white guy who seem impressed . stevie walk up and take a hit off he joint . stevie I be just talk about you . you be cammeron 's boy ? derek turn and stare at he . derek his boy ? no , I do not think so , man . I be not anybody 's boy . stevie well ... you know what I mean . derek nooo , I do not know what you mean . derek and stevie lock eye . stevie sneak a hit and offer derek . stevie here , man . relax and have a hit . derek stare at he . derek nooo ...how about you get that fuck shit awax from I ? stevie look at he , ready to kill . the other two can not believe derek 's gall . stevie shrug . stevie you get a problem , man ? derek Excuse I ? do I have a problem ? no , I do not have a problem . do you have a problem ? stevie no. I do not . stevie stare at derek and walk off . he turn back again and he and derek lock eye . he walk back to he group . derek who the fuck be you ? derek turn back to the other two and they be already walk away . derek look at the two and back to stevie . stevie sit with huge aryan and say something to he . CUT to : int . prison laundry room - early morning Lamont in mid-conversation . lamont but I will not go down on that shit . no way , no how . you ever be with a soul sister ? derek look over and meet he eye . Lamont see this and laugh . just for a second . lamont oh shit ! sorry , man ! forget who the luck I be talk to there for a second . ( after a beat ) let I ask you this one though cause I do not know the white man 's take . you like eat pussy ? derek can not help but smile . lamont oh man ! you sick fuck bastard ! you sick pig ! derek and you do not !? shut up . lamont man ... you do not know shit about the brother . we will not go down on that shit if the bitch be hold a gun to we fuck head . derek laugh and the two continue to converse . CUT to : ext . prison quad - day a group of White aryan be gather in the yard . derek play basketball with a mix assemblage , include Lamont . derek continue to look over every now and then at stevie and he group . stevie suddenly smile towards derek . not understanding what it 's all about , derek turn ' around . stand there be huge aryan and he stocky friend .. they proceed to beat the shit out of derek right in the middle of the court . the player circle as derek roll on the ground . he get bombard with kick and punch , a few even come from random on the court . CUT to : int . laundry room - morning a beat - up derek quietly fold . Lamont stay quiet . he glance over but know derek be not in the mood . CUT to : ext . cafeteria - afternoon lunch derek look over to the white table and they something amongst themselves . they break into laughter . derek think about eat somewhere else , but there 's nowhere to go . he walk back over to the white table and look at stevie . stevie how 's you face , man ? everyone laugh . derek sit and eat , he tail between he leg . stevie that will teach you . do not be a prick to you superior . CUT to : ext . narrow prison corridor - late afternoon stevie walk by himself and smoke a cigarette . he turn a corner and stand there wait for he be derek . derek stare he down . stevie what do you want ? derek I be right here , man . you wanna have it out with I , let 's go . just I and you though . stevie man ... you be a stupid motherfucker . you know that ? when be you --? derek crack he in the face and stevie fall to the ground . derek stupid ?! you have anything else to say , you little pussy ! hunh ?! stevie fuck you ! derek kick the man a few more time and take off . a few black prisoner laugh at stevie from the ping pong table . CUT to : int . prison shower - morning derek put he head down under the warm water and close he eye . from out of nowhere , he be slam out of frame to the floor . huge aryan 'and he stocky buddy from earlier proceed to beat he . bather leave and after a few moment , stevie 's boy drop they towel . huge aryan well well well . a virgin . dissolve to : int . shower - later derek lie on the tile floor , bloody and beat . huge aryan you be not so tough now , be you ? the two man smile at each other , kick he and exit . after a few second , lamont enter with the cart and pick up dirty towel . he spot derek lay on the tile . lamont motherfucker . what now , man ? he tend to derek . he pick he up , throw he over he shoulder , and carry he off . lamont shit , holme . ( carry he ) hang on to I , man . you be heavy . int . prison infirmary - evening derek lie on a table , silent . a mexican doctor examine he ass . doctor well , you do have some tear down here . Christ . okay . I be gonna have to stitch you up so I will be back . the doctor pass Dr. sweeney on he way out . derek hear sweeney talk to the doctor and turn he head . the two look at each other for a long moment . sweeney sit down next to he and put he hand on derek 's shoulder . derek finally break down and sob . CUT to : int . hospital - late night sweeney and derek in mid-conversation . a small lamp shine off they face . sweeney honor and loyalty run thick , derek . not skin color . skin be thin . I do not get you , man . I do not . ( after a beat ) I get my doctorate in Education ... not in medicine . but if you think baby come into this world evil ... you be fuck up , derek . you be way to smart to believe that shit . ( then ) there 's nothin ' more beautiful derek , nothin ' more pure , nothin ' more innocent ... than a baby . derek they kill my father , sweeney . sweeney Jesus derek . use that brain God give you for chrissake . what be you gonna do ? seek revenge you whole life and become a lifer in here . that 's what this guy be like , you wanna be like they ? Fucking little boy in prison ? think , man . none of you guy back home give a shit about you . ( after a beat ) they only care about you brother . the new blood . and he sure as hell can not take care of himself like you could . derek look at the man with regret . derek get I outta here , sweeney . sweeney look at the young man , heavily weigh he option . the two lock eye . CUT to : ext . prison quad - day derek read by himself on the cement stair by himself . a shadow approach from behind . voice how you doin ' , man ? derek turn he head and see lamont stand there . derek all right . ( after a beat ) how be you ? lamont I be fuck incarcerate , man . with a bunch of faggot . how you think I be doin ' ? derek look at the young man and can not help but laugh . derek slowly get up and limp past Lamont . lamont what be you gonna do , man ? derek look at he for a few moment , still shake . derek I be not go to do anything . CUT to : int . prison visiting room he look through the window at he mother . together they pick up the phone . tight on derek . he can feel she pain more than he can feel he own . he force a smile . derek hey Mom . doris hello . the two sit there and stare at each other for a few moment . doris Dr. sweeney call I . he speak with a guy on the parole board here . ( then ) he think you might be get out soon . derek nod and stare at he mother , break . derek how be the other ? doris davina 's good . ucla math major . ( frustrated ) all three of you have always be so great in school . I wonder why all this -- derek what about Dan , Mom ? how 's he ? doris he 's do the same stuff you be do , derek . hanging out with cammeron , get into trouble . it bring back a lot of sad memory . and I can not do anything ... he will not listen to I . he need you . derek stare at he mother like it 's the last thing he want to hear . dissolve to : int . prison check - out - day derek give back he prison garb . lamont appear . through the partition we see derek say goodbye to Lamont : and walk out to he await family . dissolve back to : ext . STREET - night - present Danny tearfully stare at he brother , speechless . derek ( after a long beat ) you be my best friend , Danny . you be my only friend . and I just want what 's best for you . the two rub head as derek put he arm around he . Danny squeeze back and derek kiss he on the top of the head . CUT to : ext . apartment build - the cop Danny skate up to the front gate and look at they . cop # 1 how the hell ...? derek slap the roof on the passenger side and scare the hell out of the officer . cop # 2 Son of a bitch . derek pretty shitty assignment you get . cop # 1 out of respect for you father . derek oh yeah ? what the hell do you know - about my father ? the two man sit there speechless as derek walk over to a await Danny . int . vinyard household - a sleeping doris she snore on the couch . the clock on the wall read eleven as the boy enter . Danny go to he room whale derek head for the girl in the live room . he genzly shake davina . derek hey . wake up . she look at he , delirious . davina what ? derek time for bed . int . OPEN bedroom - derek' Pov Dan type at the computer as derek escort davina and doris to bed . int . davina bedroom - same davina plop herself down and fall asleep instantly . doris goodnight . derek goodnight , mom. CUT to : int . bathroom - late night derek stare at himself in the mirror . a million thought race through he head as computer key echo in the b.g . he look at all of he tattoo and scar . tight on he upper body . he stare at the swastika on he tit . he put he hand over the tattoo to see what he look like without it . he turn on the shower and get inside . 129 int . shower - tight on deree as he soap himself down , the soap slip out of he hand and sit on . the bottom of the tub . he look at it a long time before he bend over to pick it up . he immerse he face into the shower faucet and think to himself . int . bedroom - tight on danny he sit back down at the computer and look back at he brother as he dry off . Danny think to himself and type a sentence . danny ( v/o ) there be only one person who love derek more than I . dissolve to : int . vinyard household - morning - flashback the place be immaculate . dennis vinyard , the father of the household , eat he breakfast in he LA county firefighter uniform . vintage fireman material : muscular , recede hairline , zero facial hair . handsome . a pretty and well - dress doris sing while she scramble eight egg with mushroom and pepper . danny ( v/o ) that be dad . they be best friend . father and son be never best friend ... but they be .. younger danny stare at he larger - than -life father with a cap turn backwards . doris break from song and yell to the back . doris Breakfast ! dennis okay ! let 's go , davina ! derek ! doris so what 's this all about , Dennis ? Dennis do not hear because he attention be on Danny . younger derek , don a flat - top haircut and no tattoo , walk into the kitchen . the smile athlete have he backpack and blue venice high gym bag . he drop it all onto the ground and sit at the table . dennis good morning . derek good morning . doris set food in front of she two son and they both go to work . Young Danny eat quietly . doris what about this gang stuff ? dennis Jesus doris ... it 's not that big of a deal . all department have to take a precaution class on gang patrol today . derek what for ? dennis a guy be shot yesterday in inglewood ... changin ' a valve on a hydrant . lapd be worried that more firefighter will become target . that 's what this bullshit be about . ( sip he coffee ) a good father this guy be though and now he 's in intensive care because of some goddamn --! they have pretty much declare war on lapd and we . doris why you guy though ? I can see they but the fire department ? dennis they think we would rather let a building burn down over there than fight it . so now we get two fight goin ' on at one goddamn time . Dennis take a bite of he egg and explode . dennis ( to the bedroom ) dayin ! get in here ! davina ( o.s. ) I be come right now ! Jesus ! dennis I will tell you one more thing . this " affirmative blaction " shit be drive I up the fuck wall . firefighter gettin ' 99 on they test while rapper who score a goddamn 62 walk away with the job . danny do not we have to have " affirmative action ? " dennis not when a job require ability . no. doris a lot of people say otherwise , Danny . include I . dennis a lot of people do not know shit , either . doris just stare at the back of she husband 's head like she want to smack it . he turn back and disarm she with a look . dennis if I be fightin ' a brush fire ... surround by thousand degree flame ... who would I want watchin ' my back ? a guy who score a 99 or a guy who score a sixty ? ( then ) you do not see half the NBA with white , gook and spic . doris nooo ... what you do not see be minority on the board of fortune 500 company cause white will not stand for it . dennis doris ! I be tired of you damn argument ! you sound like a idiot ! derek sweeney actually have a pretty good take on affirmative action the other day . dennis ( smile ) really ? I do not know you speak " African " , derek ? where would you learn that shit ? johannesberg ? Dennis laugh and derek eventually smile . Danny look at they , not really understanding . doris stare down Dennis . doris honey ? please do not speak that way . they do not -- dennis how be I speak , doris !? hunh ?! I be speakin ' finep ( quickly to derek ) hey . do not let that he confuse you over there , derek . look at I . this shit he 's pull be a load of crap . hey . look at I , derek . I mean it . if we keep givin ' nigger everything , there will be nothing leave for we . derek and Danny stare at they father , not know how to react . doris you can be a stupid son of a bitch sometimes . dennis and then we have naive fool like she . doris I really hate you with a passion some time . a upset doris exit the room past young davina . Dennis look to derek . dennis you know what I mean though , right ? derek ( nodd ) yeah . davina ( to the family ) good morning . she sit . her lip glare excessively this morning . dennis well ... good morning , miss Monroe ! ( smile ) look at you . you look like a star . derek I like that color , davina . davina thanks dennis you do like it . Dennis reach over and wipe it off with he napkin . davina ( whining ) come on , dad . dennis yeah . well you be lucky I be let you wear that crap on you eye . I love you but you be too young . davina that suck , man . dennis it totally suck . and we all sympathize with you , too . everyone laugh but Dan , still shake over he mother . dennis ( shift to Danny ) you get practice today ? Danny shake he head no . danny coach 's sick . dennis you wanna go to Der 's game with I ? danny sure . dennis ( quickly to derek} Santa monica High tonight , right ? derek yep . dennis perfect . ( to Danny ) ben'll whip we up a couple of double decker and we will head over . danny ( smile ) okay . Dennis smile , reach over with a fatherly hand , and mess up he hair . back quickly to : int . bedroom - danny - present he stop type and almost cry . he lean back in he chair and and stare himself in the side mirror . he feel he bald head , almost explore . CUT to : ext . ben' burger shop - late night a white homeless man in a army jacket sit outside begging for change . Seth and cameron , both beat - up , drunk and bloody , stare at the man . homeless man spare change for a cheeseburger ? seth get a job and buy one why do not you . homeless man God bless you . seth fuck you . Seth stumble into the shop . cam stare at the homeless man , psychotically . homeless man fifty cent be all I ask . Vietnam , man . I be in cammeron really ? so you have have what ? thirty year to get you shit together ? homeless man all I want be something to eat . cammeron there be plenty of fuckin ' dishwash job out there , Vietnam boy . go get yourself one . in the background , BEN the owner and Seth shake hand . homeless man do I do something ? cammeron you be a disgrace to the white race . if Adolf Hitler be alive ... God bless he soul ... he would have you shot . homeless man fuck you then . now and forever . fuck you . cameron knee the weaker man square in the face . the man slope down to he side , unconscious . as a afterthought , cameron kick he several more time . cammeron noooo . fuck you . quickly to across the STREET . Little Henry and two of he friend watch cammeron 's brutality from they bike . they turn in the opposite direction and hurry off . int . burger shop - camheron and seth CUT to : Seth eat a burger and chili fries at the same time . cameron smoke across from he and watch Seth eat like a pig . he take a look at the homeless man outside who still lay motionless . cam feel he bandaged face . cammeron I think I need to go to the hospital . seth seriously ? cammeron I do not know . I think so . seth where 's Stacey ? cammeron who give a fuck ? Seth take a bite and chew . seth derek 's a fuckin ' traitor pussy . cammeron well ... we might be pussy too if we get treat the way he do . seth what do you mean ? cammeron stevie mccormick call ... old school Venice bro . he 's at chino ... doin ' life . he hate derek. ( exhaling ) Said he be a fuck blow - up doll in there . seth ( overwhelm ) Fucking A. Seth continue to eat . cammeron look out the window and hate what he see . cammeron oh Christ . you gotta be kid I ? seth what ? cammeron' Pov . a large , mature and sharp - look black man help a beautiful blond out of a red BMW . they kiss . cammeron be at a loss for word . cam put out he cigarette as the couple enter . cammeron ( look at the two ) be there anything sacred in this country anymore ? Jesus Christ . hey . stop feed you face for a second and look behind you . Seth turn he head and stare at the interracial couple . he turn back to cam and sing a verse from the famous atevie wonder song , ebony and ivory . cameron laugh . the black man turn and look at the two . cammeron can we help you with something ? do you have any question about the menu ? black man no question . cammeron I recommend either the " Big Ben Burger " or the " Chicken Taco special . " ben'll replace the dark meat with the white meat if you ask nicely . black man ( feed up ) what 's you problem , pal ? cammeron I be not you fuck pal first of all . secondly ... I do not have problem . people who luck with I have problem . white girl come on . let 's get out of here . cammeron hey ! what a great idea ! you get a clever little whatever it be there . I would listen to it if I be you . black man you be not I . camheron ( smile ) and I thank God almighty every day for that , believe I . seth Excuse I ? tyrone ? black man my name 's not tyrone either . seth whatever . why can not you stick to you own race ? white girl ( disgust ) Jesus Christ ! where do you asshole come from ?! cammeron what the luck difference do it make where we come from , bitch ? I be from a place call America . a place that use to be a nice place to live before it become fuckin' Africa - America . black man you ignorant mother -- Seth quickly get out of he chair and make he gun totally visible to the couple . seth you get a fuckin ' death wish , asshole ? do you ? make you move now if you do . if you do not ... get the luck out of my sight . Cause I be real close to shove my piece up you girlfriend 's stinky pussy . the black man stare at the gun stick out of Seth 's belly . he grab he girlfriend and walk out of the joint . Seth sit back down and the two laugh . cameron look over at Ben and raise he hand in the air . cammeron ( smile ) everything 's hunky dory , Ben ! no problemo . only we white folk . CUT to : int . bedroom - a digital clock it read 2:36 a.m. shiftless derek lift a sleep Danny off the computer keyboard . he help he into the bottom bunk , tuck he in , and watch he snooze . derek ( softly ) do you " save " it ? a asleep Danny nod . derek slowly walk back into the bathroom to grab he towel off the floor . he look at he swastika tat in the mirror and sigh to himself . he turn off the light and exit . CUT to : int . burger joint - seth and cammeron Seth finish he display of gluttony . cammeron it would not irritate I so much if the ratio be a little more even . seth what 's that ? cammeron ( go mad ) ebony and ivory back there ! almost all of that orange kid relationship be black man and white woman and I be fuck sick of seein ' it ! I would not mind so much if it be more even . seth huge dick , cam . that 's all it be . cammeron I use to think that too but ... it 's gotta be more , man . it have to be more than the fact they they carry a big load . chick be not that shallow , be they ? it 's politically correct ... that 's what it be . White woman ... bein ' see with the colored ... it 's great for they image . bitches today want to be know as bein ' fuckin ' color blind . seth they get off on it . cammeron and you can not really blame tyrone . seth why the fuck not ? cammeron well ...how would you like to drag around some fat fly girl ? I would not . seth no shit. ( imitate ) oh go girlfriend ! do not be puttin ' up wid that , girl ! oh stop girl ! Seth and cammeron laugh and head outside -- leave a mess on the table . ext . across the STREET - the cherokee from earlier the white vehicle get pass by car leave and right . int . cherokee - henry's Pov Henry sit up front with jerome , nervous and scared . the three thug in back lock and load . little henry you gonna waste them ? jerome only if we have to . Jerome grab a baseball bat and they quietly get out . int . van - tight on little henry I bite he nail and watch the foursome sneak up on a oblivious Seth and cammeron . ext . gravel parking lot - henry's Pov the man close in . Seth and cam be blind to it . Jerome raise the bat as they close in and we -- fade to : int . bathroom - early morning - bird chirping Danny stare at himself in the mirror and try to find some stubble on he chin . int . bedroom - a slick derek he stare into the mirror in a coat and pants . Danny rush to get he thing together . danny I be printing it up and we be out of here . derek hurry up . derek walk out into the live room . int . messy live room - doris she 's on the couch watch cartoon . she take a jar of vick 's vapor rub and put some on she chest . derek walk in the room , bend over and kiss she on the forehead . davina sit on the couch and write . derek just smile . doris wow . what happen ? derek I gotta see my parole officer . davina hey Der ? do you have Excel on disk ? derek I have get everything on disk . davina smile and walk into the back bedroom . doris look at derek . doris you look good . derek smile and caress he mother 's cheek . derek we be get out of here soon . be that okay with you ? doris I would love it . ( after a beat ) do you think I should color my hair ? derek yes . he sit beside he mother and enjoy the moment . he think to himself . doris I be glad you make it back . I be not too sure I be go to see you again . you know how I get . fill with regret , he nod . derek you think you will be able to forgive I ? someday maybe ? doris you be my son . of course I will . derek smile and can not believe he tearful reaction . derek look at I . I be such a pussy . doris no you be not . CUT to : ext . venice blvd . - a newspaper machine derek plunk a quarter down the slot and remove a copy of the LA time . Danny continue to skate ahead of he . sense danger , derek look back behind he . with no one in sight , he walk into a doughnut shop . int . doughnut shop - derek' Pov he take a guard look outside . everything seem normal . a bus drive by . a group of mexican laborer , dress for work and smile , walk past in the other direction . Inside , a black woman order a dozen doughnut from a short korean.man behind the counter . her young daughter grab she leg . Danny sit down and read derek 's paper . derek what do you want ? danny maple bar and a ... large milk . derek smile at the little girl while he wait . she wander from she mother 's leg and over towards derek . derek ( to the girl ) you look pretty . she laugh . tisha thank you . derek how do I look ? black girl ( bashfully ) Fine . danny's Pov . he look up from the paper . he watch the girl together with he brother . derek what 's you name ? black girl tisha . derek how old be you , tisha ? she hold up four finger . derek smile . black mother ( stare at derek ) come here , tisha . tisha return to she mother and they quickly exit . derek watch the girl as she continue to stare at he as they make they way down the street . outside , a blue ford screech out front . rasmussen and the Young Mark fuhrman type from earlier get out and wait . Dr. sweeney meet the duo and together they walk inside . derek what 's goin ' on ? sweeney we need to talk , derek . derek how would you find out I be here ? sweeney we be just at you apartment . rasmussen cammeron and Seth be in the icu at St. johns , derek . they be jump in front of Ben 's burget early this morning . derek think to himself for a few more second . derek how bad ? rasmussen they will live . ( then ) they must have be look for somebody else . derek stare at rasmussen and walk away . sweeney , who know to walk over to he . he eye tight on sweeney and derek . the two lock eye . sweeney be they come after you ? derek fuckin ' A. sweeney sigh . sweeney I do not know . ( after a long beat ) you might have to talk to you old crew though . derek look over and analyze the innocence of he brother . derek I can not , sweeney . sweeney try , derek . okay ? derek sense the danger in he voice . sweeney okay ? before it explode . sweeney walk away and then turn back to derek . sweeney and watch you back . derek nod . sweeney ( back to Danny ) you show up today ? Danny look at sweeney and nod he head yes . sweeney good . CUT to : ext . venice high - derek and danny they be outside the fence surround the field . student head off to morning class . derek hey . keep you head up , alright ? I be go to take care of this . danny how ? derek I do not know . I will figure it out though . you gonna be okay ? danny yeah . the two stare at each other as the bell ring . danny I gotta turn that paper in . Danny hop the fence with he backpack on . he look back at derek . cop # 1 and # 2 sit in they car in the b.g . derek hey . danny what ? derek come here . derek put he hand over the fence . Danny walk up and clasp it -- finger intertwined . derek want to say one thing but something else come out . derek I will see you at home . Danny smile at he brother and nod . Danny put he ear phone on and head to class . derek watch he brother through the chain - link fence . Danny meet up with lizzy and they soon disappear from derek 's sight . derek turn and walk down the street . cop # 1 you need a lift anywhere ? derek nope . derek stop in he track , walk back over to the fence , and stare at the school . int . messy hallway - danny and lizzy student rush past they . Danny kiss lizzy and she hurry off to class . he push on the men' room door . int . school bathroom - same Danny enter , set he " american history X " paper on top of the sink , and take a unearthly long piss at the urinal . he finish , flush and turn . stand there be little henry . a gun in he hand . danny Jesus Christ . what be you do , Henry ? little henry ( afraid ) what do it look like I be doin ' ? danny come on , man , no . you do not want to do this . come on . Henry ? the door smack OPEN and Danny move to grab the pistol . it discharge and a bullet rocket into Danny 's chest . he slam back into the urinal and gasp for air . the force of the pistol knock Henry to the ground . the two kid who just enter bolt for help . Danny slide to the tile , leave a bloody trail . the two stare at each other - eye to eye . the bloodstained paper fall into the damp sink . Danny inhale like glass be rake he lung . little henry ( terrify ) Danny ? Danny 's breathe slow to a choke whisper . he blink , cough , twitches . and die . little henry vinyard ? Danny ? Henry watch teary - eye with the same alter look derek have after kill lawrence . together they freeze on the cold tile floor . CUT to : int . hall at venice high bathroom - yellow police tape officer and detective monitor the area . Young student , include lizzy and she friend , stand around and cry . rasmussen bring the bloody paper over to sweeney . sweeney look at it for a moment but be interrupt . rasmussen he will not let go . will you talk to he ? int . bathroom - tight on derek and danny derek cradle he bloody brother . sweeney walk over , crouch , and talk to derek 's back . sweeney derek ? you gotta let he go , man . they gotta get he outta here . derek I can not . derek begin to cry outright . he can not control himself . he let go of Danny 's corpse and charge out into the hall . int . hallway - doris and davina derek embrace they . doris grab he face -- tear between love and hate . guilt-ridd , derek tear from they and storm down the hall with sweeney soon in tow . sweeney derek ! I know what you be thinkin ' right now and I want you to forget about it ! derek how the luck do you know what I be thinkin ' , sweeney !? sweeney Cause I be thinkin ' the same damn thing ! drown in rage , derek turn back to a misty eye sweeney . derek they shot he in a fuck ... pisshole ! sweeney and goin ' after they will not bring he back . do not do it , derek . please , man . you have come too far . the war be over . derek contemplate the situation and press he tongue against he tooth , crackbrain . sweeney slowly approach and cautiously wrap he arm around the young man . derek bury he tear face in sweeney 's shoulder . derek it stop now , sweeney . sweeney nod and the two lock eye . derek make he way back to doris and davina and together , they grieve . danny ( v/o ) we have hear it a million time , a Bible quote become cliche : " Vengeance be mine , sayeth the Lord . " dissolve to : int . school bathroom - danny and henry a still of the two immediately after the murder . we move in tighter and tighter until we get close on Danny . danny ( v/o ) Vengeance bring about by hate ... and fear . when it point its head in we direction , we take notice and everything change . the way we choose we friend , the way we protect we family , the way we create enemy out of stranger . ( then ) welcome to America . tight on danny's eye . they be gently push shut by Henry 's two small black finger . the end