american outlaw script by roderick Taylor and John Rogers fade in : ext . wood the ranger plunge into thick wood . branch slap at they , but the sound of gunfire keep they go . Captain malcolm be still in the lead , flanke by two young man who be obviously brother . the big , handsome one be cole younger ; the skinny one with the lopsided hair be bob younger . ext . wood be edge they break through the other side of the wood , emerge behind a rickety set of fence - post fortification . instantly gunfire tear apart the tree around they . the Captain 's horse go down , and the younger brother dive and roll to hide beneath the palisade . the Captain , still alive , have fall beyond the wooden shield . Cole scramble through the savage rifle fire , grab Captain malcolm , and haul he behind the fortification . captain malcolm ( bellow ) fall back into the wood ! out of you saddle before you be shot out of them ! the ranger leap from they saddle as a new sound start -- a dull roar that grow and approach and bbrrrrappppp as , unbelievably , tree explode into splinter and horse and man go down in a heap ! cole gatling ! they have get a gatling ! bob dammit , this stop be fun about two year ago ! some man be crawl to the fortification , other be stay in the wood . the Captain poke he head up to take a look . with he we see ext . another hillside at the top of which , about a hundred fifty yard off , be a three man gatling crew . squad of Union soldier be beginning to make they way down the hillside . and just to they right be a EIGHT inch cannon with a burn fuse -- ext . fortification captain malcolm down ! boom ! and with a whistle the cannonball tear through the forest and explode just behind the ranger . some of the man be scream from injury and panic . captain malcolm ( cont 'd ) Cole ! Bob ! you boy okay ? cole Hell , take more than a cannon to kill the younger brother , sir ! bob I think the cannon 's do a pretty good job , Cole . a full - blooded indian , comanche tom , crawl up next to they . cole some indian tracker you turn out to be , Tom . comanche tom you pay I to find you bluecoat . there they be . another round from the gatling chew up the tree and fencing , drive they head down . captain malcolm they be use the gatling and the cannon to cover they advance . we be pin unless we take they out ! Cole peer through the rail . cole that gunner be too far away ... captain malcolm get I the James boy . comanche tom you want jesse ? captain malcolm not jesse , the one who can shoot . comanche Tom roll back to the edge of the wood . comanche tom frank ! ext . wood - a few yard back among the squatting man a single one stand up . frank jame be tall with a dark , thoughtful face . he look sadder than he 23 year should allow . his hand be wrap around a longbarrel enfield 30 . frank jesse . the long rider behind he turn around . he 's jesse jame , 20 . he 's too damn good - look and he 's get you best friend 's eye . there 's a coiled energy to he , and right now he seem more angry than afraid . next to he be web mimm , 15 , who be terrify and try not to show it . frank ( cont 'd ) watch web . web I do not need watchin' ! jesse web , I bring you back dead and you sister will kill I . now shut up and lie there . ( then ) careful , Frank . and make sure Bob and Cole be okay . ext . fortification loose shot spitting up dirt and wood chip everywhere . Frank crawl up , nod to the younger , peer through the stack wood . another explosion from the cannon . frank cannon or gatling ? cole both would be nice . frank soon as I hit one , the other will know and beat we up . captain malcolm cannon . Frank raise he head just high enough to poke the enfield over the stack fencepost . everyone else be flinching from the suppress fire . Frank be perfectly still . squint , aim , perfectly center ... bang . CUT to : ext . cannon station as the Captain of the six man crew snap back and hit the ground dead . before the other can react , two more grab they throat and drop . the remain soldier bolt from the cannon . but the gatling crew swing the gun around and the barrel blaze . CUT to : ext . fortification Frank and the other hit the dirt as the gatling shred the fencepost , fell tree , churn the ground , stitching a path of destruction across the bulwark and into the wood where ext . wood the gatling round be everywhere . ranger jerk as the gatling tear they apart . jesse grab web to he chest and swing around , shield the boy with he own body . when the fire pause for a moment . jesse look down -- he 's cover in blood . he let web fall away . blood bubbles up from where the boy 's chest use to be . jesse Hell no ... jesse 's try to stop the blood with he bare hand . web aw , jesse . ( cry ) I never even get to be with a girl . web die . jesse sigh . he 's see too much death to cry anymore . he stand up , pivot , and stride for the fencepost barrier . rifle fire be zipping through the air all around he , but he keep walk . ext . fortification Frank , the younger brother , comanche Tom and the Captain be all still there . Captain malcolm peer through the wall . captain malcolm they be get closer . jesse arrive , slap Cole 's shoulder . Cole grin grimly . cole ' Bout time you get here , buddy . jesse what 's go on ? frank every time I put my head up to hit that gatling , they try to shoot it off . jesse so we get a plan ? bob my plan of lie here pissing myself seem to be work mighty fine , thank you . frank I can hit that boy from here . we just need a distraction . jesse ( smile ) a distraction ? well , why the hell do not you just say so ? jesse sprint back into the wood . Cole , Bob , and Frank exchange look . bob he 's smile . cole never a good thing . frank this ought to be interesting . another roar from the gatling push they head down , but as that sound fade , another blend in , grow louder and louder , the SOUND of hoofbeat angle on the man at the fortification , turn to face the wood , they face stunne as jesse jame on horseback at full gallop explode from the wood , head straight at he own man and at the last second leap over the barrier , and as he do jesse lean back in the saddle to let the wind strip off he longrider coat , revealing for the first time he gun -- two colt at the hip , a cross bandolier on he chest with two cross-holstered colt at the shoulder , and two colt in the small of he back . and for that one second as jesse and the horse be in mid-air and the longrider coat trail behind he like leather wing and he gun gleam blue in the sunlight , jesse James be the angel of death . ext . hillside the horse hit the ground run . the Union troops be in shock as jesse draw both he hip colt and start fire . jesse come on , ya yankee bastard ! his gun blazing , jesse ride straight at the bluecoat . five , six be down before they can even react . they start fire back , but they can not draw a bead . two more be down . jesse 's make every bullet count . angle on the gatling gun as the crew swing it around and fire , hundred of round tear straight at jesse angle on jesse who incredibly cut the horse hard leave use just he knee , still shoot as the gatling volley go wide , actually kill two of the Union soldier behind jesse . but then the arc of fire take jesse 's horse in the rump . the horse fall , but jesse dive off , still fire , kill another two soldier . then he hit the ground , roll , and be up and run , drop the spend colt and draw the two shoulder gun in one smooth motion , never interrupt he shoot . ext . fortification Frank see the gatling swing away from he . he stand and -- ext . hillside -- bang as the gatling triggerman drop , bang as the ammo-feeder go down , and bang as the third man fall before the echo of the first shot clear . ext . fortification Cole be the first one on he foot . cole waaahhhhoooo !! we be come jesse ! captain malcolm charge ! with a rag cheer the rangers erupt from the forest , some actually on horseback , fire at the expose Union troops . ext . hillside Soldiers be swarm jesse , but he 's move , turn , a untouchable blur in the chaos . as he drop two more empty colt and reach for the last two at he back , a soldier just a arm 's length away bring up a rifle . jesse oh , you do not ! jesse grab the rifle barrel and drive the butt straight back into the soldier 's nose . the Union boy fall , release the gun . jesse swing the rifle in a smooth arc , bashing another soldier in the jaw , and then spin it effortlessly into he opposite hand and fire it point blank into another Union soldier . angle on the ranger plowing into the Union soldier . rattled , the Union troops be beginning to break and fall back . angle on jesse as another nearby soldier draw a revolver . jesse snag he hand , twist it , wrapping the man 's arm backward around jesse 's waist . with the other man still grip the weapon , jesse fan the hammer as he turn , shoot six more Union soldier as they try to rush he . with a final yank , jesse pull the colt from the man and crash it down on he skull . angle on the Union soldier in full retreat . ext . the gatling station the few remain bluecoat break and run as jesse reach the gatling . suddenly a figure leap up from behind the gatling and fire he rifle . a bloody streak tear jesse 's cheek and he stumble onto he back . with a cry , the figure jump forward and bury he bayonet in jesse 's chest ! jesse gasp , then , puzzle , look down . the bayonet have lodge right in the " X " of the ammo belt on he chest , stop by the bullet and leather . jesse kick . as the Union soldier be knock back , jesse smoothly snap-kick to he foot and draw both remain colt . he pull up short . it 's a fifteen year old boy , web mimm in a blue uniform . there 's a deadly pause . jesse you be not even be with a girl , have you ? the boy shake he head . jesse wave he off with the gun . jesse ( cont 'd ) git. the boy scurries off . jesse turn and lope down the hill . instantly he 's surround by cheer Missouri ranger . ext . hillside the ranger move past jesse . jesse suddenly realize Frank be there . they fall into step together . jesse distract enough for you ? frank pff . they hardly even notice you . jesse so you be say I could have do more to attract they attention . frank mm-hmm . jesse such as ? frank you could have wear one of that big , floppy woman 's Easter Sunday hat . jesse that would have make a impression . frank I figure . jesse see , that 's you problem , Frank . by the time you finish figure out stuff , I be already finish do it . frank no , jesse , you problem be you be always do stuff before I be finish figure it out . Cole , Bob , and comanche Tom ride up on they recover horse . Cole jump down and pick up jesse in a bear hug . cole wait will we get back to Missouri , start tell that gal about how little jesse James charge the whole Union Army by himself ! comanche tom you ride like a comanche . bob you can ride like that ? comanche tom I say like a comanche , not this comanche . Cole mount up , reach down a hand to jesse . cole ride with I , cousin ? jesse I could use the walk . cole suit yourself . we will have some horse wait for you at the road . ( then ) let 's ride , ranger ! Cole slap leather and the ranger canter off . as they disappear we hear : bob ( low ) now , I would just sound stupid say something like that ... jesse and Frank watch they go , then start walk again . jesse ( finally ) web 's dead . frank I reckone . jesse Hell of a war . frank I be sure it seem like a good idea at the time . ext . road - dusk the James brother , the younger , and the other ranger ride down a dirt road toward a ragtag column of confederate soldier . the grey uniform be ghostlike in the twilight . the man be obviously break , dispirite . the column stretch down the road and around a bend as far as the eye can see . jesse and the other ranger ride into the midst of the confederate who part and flow around the horseman like a slow - move river . for a moment , nobody speak while the whole eerie procession glide past . cole where you boy go ? jesse there 's yankee back there . lot 's of them . one grizzle confederate veteran , he arm in a bloody sling , look up at jesse . veteran War 's over , son . General Lee surrender yesterday at appomattox . the soldier move on . the ranger stare into the middle distance of despair . Cole rub he hand across he face . frank yesterday . bob well , somebody better go tell the damn yankee ! cole what do we do now ? jesse seem to be the only one with a clear head . jesse Home . we go home . we ride like hell to get there , and we kill anything or anyone that come between we and we home . and when we get there we stay there and God help any fool who try to get I to leave my farm again . bob ( pause ) best damn plan I hear all war . jesse jerk he rein , and the last remain survivor of the Missouri ranger trot off into the sunset . montage -- jesse , Frank , the younger and comanche Tom riding hard down country road , past burn out farm . the rider be struggle through a downpour in a pitch black night , one of the horse slip , go down . blazing SUN on a dusty road , the younger share a horse now , everybody just try to keep move . ext . hilltop - day jesse , Frank , Cole , Bob , and comanche Tom be look down on the frontier town of Liberty , Missouri . frank hello , Liberty missoura ! jesse all this time in the saddle ... we get to the farm , I be go to shoot this damn horse just on principle . cole never think that pissant town would look so pretty . bob anywhere nobody 's shoot at I be pretty . jesse Home , boy . back to we farm . cole plant corn . harvest corn . Year after year . bob corn gonna shoot at I ? frank nope . bob then I love it . they start to ride down into town . cole Tom , why do not you stop at we spread before you head on out to the reservation ? figure we might have some work for you , if you want . comanche tom hmm . go back to the reservation and get drunk in a dirt shack , or work for you ... cole well ? comanche tom I be think ... Cole throw a playful punch at comanche Tom . ext . LIBERTY STREET - day the gang be riding into the main stretch of town . they be grin , happy to be home , until -- jesse we get problem . dozen of union soldier be walk along the boardwalk , linger near the saloon , all suddenly stare at the rider . cole what the -- frank must be a garrison in town . we be in occupy territory , boy . Cole be return stare . jesse hand off you hip , Cole . cole you be not scared , be you ? jesse pick you fight , cousin . you teach I that . bob it get worse . there in the center of town , be a brand new scaffold . Three body , fresh one , be hang from the noose . frank Jesus mercy , that 's Charlie higgins , Dave laller ... bob ... will perry ... cole they ride with quantrill 's ranger . the rider stop at the scaffold , take off they hat . jesse look like web mimm be not the only casualty this town 's get . frank we better go to Doc 's , see what 's go on here . cole I be cut they down . Cole start to dismount . jesse grab he arm . the Union Soldiers have start to form a crowd jesse not now . cole what be wrong with you ? jesse ( low ) in case we have to kill this sonofabitch , I do not want they to see we come . Cole think , nod . they ride away from the scaffold . bob Cole , I want to get to the farm , make sure Little Jim and the girl be okay . frank stop by we spread after that , tell we ma we be all right . we will go to Doc mimm . the younger and comanche Tom split off , start to trot away . comanche tom I think I may just go on to the reservation . bob Tom , I be this close to come with you ... ext . mimm home - day jesse and Frank ride toward a handsome white two -story frame house that stand in a grove of elm tree . another angle they dismount and walk up to the porch . a farm hand in a cowboy hat be nail a rail onto the porch . jesse scuse I , we be here for the Doctor . the farm hand turn and pull off he hat -- she hat . she 's a chestnut - haire beauty in she late teens , zerelda mimm . zee jesse ! Frank ! she hug both of they enthusiastically . jesse be obviously , immediately smitten . jesse Zerelda ? Little Zee mimm ? zee you be little jesse James when you leave . jesse but you get big ! Zee arch a eyebrow . jesse ( cont 'd ) I mean , you age -- Zee arch both eyebrow . jesse ( cont 'd ) I mean , I mean , in a good way you get big and older . Zee tilt she head . jesse 's mouth move , but nothing come out , until jesse ( cont 'd ) Frank , do not you have something to say ? frank you be do just fine . jesse ( pull it together ) Zee , we get to talk to you and you father . doc mimm , a grey-haire man wear rimless spectacle , step out of the doorway . doc mimm Frank , jesse . ( look ) where 's web ? angle on a long shot of the mimm house . we can see , but not hear , jesse talk . a beat , then we hear Zee cry out . Doc mimm stagger , slump down in the door frame . jesse and Frank rush to help he . dissolve to : int . parlor - a while later the room be comfortable and elegant in a simple way . Doc mimm be slump in a big chair . Zee , she eye red , be push a glass of sherry into he hand . jesse and Frank sit across from he . jesse -- ride right into they , scream like a banshee . doc mimm my little web do that ? jesse pff . he jump he horse clear over we head , kill a dozen Union soldier before they know what hit they . jesse look at Frank , urging he on . frank whyyyy ... he take down the gatling gun and the cannon all by himself . jesse save all we life , Doc . none of the Liberty boy would have come home if not for web mimm , Doc . God 's honest truth . Doc be fight back tear , but proud . doc mimm web die fight ? jesse die a hero . zee ( quietly ) but still die . jesse if there 's anything we can do for you , Dr. mimm . we want to help . doc mimm start think about yourselves . you , the younger , clell Miller , all of you . do not end up like Charlie . they find out Charlie ride with quantrill 's raider . they arrest he , try he by military tribunal and hang he this morning . frank I think there be general amnesty . doc mimm for soldier , yes . but if you ride in one of the partisan band , they will hang you for treason . and you boy be in more danger , because you have get a farm . jesse and Frank do not understand . zee daddy , do not start with this again . doc mimm Zerelda , it 's no coincidence . the railroad man come through , offer to buy up land . nobody sell . then they start hang man who own farm for treason ? frank you be say the railroad 's get the Army do it 's dirty work ? doc mimm Rich man in Washington , do not matter if they wear a tie or a uniform , they be all the same . jesse all we think about be come home . I swore I would kill anybody who try to get I off my farm again . if I have to go to war with the railroad to stay , fine by I . frank think about this . if we just come up with a story and stick to it , we should be all right . jesse what kind of story be they go to believe ? zee hmm . you be in the confederate Army with General Hood 's Texas Army until ... say sharpsburg , then you be reassign to General jeb Stuart 's cavalry until you surrender in Tennessee . pause . the man stare at Zee . up go the eyebrow again . jesse that just might work . frank maybe , maybe ... doc mimm now go on to see you ma . she will be glad to see she son alive . ( choke ) and for she sake , stay that way . ext . mimm home - minute later we see Frank and jesse mount up . Zee be at the door see they off . frank we will be back on Saturday with Cole and Bob , give you a hand with the repair . zee thank you . for everything . especially that story you tell my father . jesse be about to object , but Zee raise a hand . zee ( cont 'd ) I be go to go cry now , so I do not have time for you lie . but I will see you Saturday . Zee kiss she fingertip and extend they to the boy , then disappear into the house . close on : Frank shaking he head as they ride away . frank that Zerelda turn into a hell of a woman , eh -- widen to reveal jesse 's not next to he . Frank turn . jesse 's still stare at the door . Frank ride back , take jesse 's horse by the rein . as Frank turn jesse 's horse and lead it away , jesse 's head keep pivote , fix on the door . after a moment , jesse turn to look forward , take he rein . the brother ride away slowly . frank ( cont 'd ) " Big and older " ? jesse you can shut up now . frank you be a charmer . jesse I swear I will shoot you in you sleep . frank next time try " fat and haggard . " jesse pull down he hat and groan into it . ext . jame farm - day jesse and Frank ride up . out of the farmhouse burst ma jame , a big , rugge frontier woman who be absolutely hysterical . ma my boy ! my boy ! she haul jesse and Frank clean out of they saddle . ma ( cont 'd ) my boy be alive ! frank ( strangling ) not if you do not ease up a bit , ma ... she look at both at arm 's length . ma do you kill yankee ? jesse a fair number , ma. ma say you prayer ? frank every night , ma. ma good . now get inside and wash up for dinner . int . jame home jesse and Frank enter , surprised to find Cole , Bob , comanche Tom , and a gawky 15 year old jim younger all eat at they kitchen table . frank well look at Jimmy younger . you be all grow up . jim ( mouth full ) mmmph-hmpph . bob ( sheepishly ) you ma would not let we leave until we eat something . cole that be two hour ago . ma I do not see clean plate . the man dutifully return to the meal . jesse nod he head at comanche Tom . jesse ( quiet ) ma , I be glad to see you be nice to we injun friend . ma he 's a good Christian and he kill yankee . Jesus tell I that make he a all right boy . ma walk off . frank she 's still talk to Jesus . jesse what worry I be that Jesus be talk back . ext . jame farm we can hear the laughter from inside the light house . night fall and dissolve to : ext . jame farm - day - a few week later like a time - lapse film we see the surround tree have fill out , the stone fence be repair , the shabby paint redone in sparkling white . jesse and Cole , shirtless , be drive a post into a hole . Frank step out of the house and join they . jesse you ever notice Zerelda 's eye ? cole she get two of they . frank I think one of them 's glass . cole which one , right or leave ? frank the brown one . jesse ( to Cole ) you talk big for a man who screw another man back in Atlanta . Frank laugh as Cole raise the shovel to strike jesse . frank oh , Lord , the dance hall girl at bunty 's ... cole sadie be not a man ! jesse she have a moustache . cole she be european ! jesse all right , calm down . I will agree sadie be a woman -- jesse and Frank swallow they laugh . jesse ( cont 'd ) -- if you stop say thing about my Zee . frank you Zee ? hmm . ( quote ) " from woman 's eye this doctrine I derive : they sparkle still the right promethean fire ; they be the book , the art , the academe , that show , contain , and nourish all the world . " cole I have no idea what you just say , but it sound real nice . frank Shakespeare . ( pause ) he 's european . cole ah. jesse you want to write that down for I so I can say it to Zee ? the post finally drop straight into the hole . jesse and Cole shrug into shirt and grab a pitcher of lemonade . jesse ( cont 'd ) thanks for the help . cole after all you do on we farm ? ( sip , then ) you miss it , do not you jesse ? jesse the war ? what , be you crazy ? ( beat ) there be thing I miss about it . cole it be exciting . jesse but it be a whole lot of kill . why should we miss that ? cole because we be good at it ? Hell , we be great at it . jesse , do not tell anyone I say this , because everybody know I be the toughest man in this town , but you be one terrifying sonofabitch with that gun . jesse ( regretful , but not ) yeah . Frank look at jesse thoughtfully . then all three notice angle on a buggy that stop at the edge of the property . ma step out onto the porch next to Frank to meet : a man in a suit , rollin parker , and three rider who dismount and flank parker : two detective and a big Scot with a beard and no moustache , alan pinkerton . pinkerton be wear a suit and a gun in a high waistband . all four advance to the house . parker howdy , folk . how be you this afternoon ? cole " howdy " ? jesse Easterner . ma we be just fine , thank you , sir . parker I be rollin H. parker , personal emissary of Mr. thaddeus Rain , president of the rock Island and Pacific railroad . this two gentleman be pinkerton detective , work for Mr. thaddeus Rain , president of the rock Island and Pacific railroad , and this gentleman here be the famous Alan pinkerton , founder of the secret service and now work under contract to Mr. thaddeus Rain . jesse would that be thaddeus Rain , president of the rock Island and Pacific railroad ? frank you know he ? jesse Heard of he . parker ( try to regain control ) as you have no doubt hear from you neighbor , we railroad be move west . jesse that make sense , as east would put you underwater . pinkerton cough a laugh . parker glare at he and continue . parker ... move west , open the frontier for folk such as yourself . you acreage here be on the propose right of way . parker produce a piece of paper . ma take it . parker ( cont 'd ) I be here for you signature on this land sale contract . I be authorize to pay you two dollar a acre . ma two dollar ? parker that 's right . that 's the price authorize by the railroad 's board , and approve by the Department of the Interior of the government of the United States of America . ma this land be not for sale . pinkerton step forward . pinkerton ma'am , I can understand how you might feel that way -- you have make a lovely home here . but it 's really not up to I or you . be you familiar with the legal concept of the right of eminent domain ? frank yeah , I be . what about it ? parker be surprised . pinkerton have become interested in this farmer . pinkerton well , this land be about to be condemn . parker I be do you folk a favor -- cole Said the skinner to the mule . parker -- with a price of two dollar a acre for this one time only offer . after today the price go down . so if I be you , I would just sign the contract , and I will be on my way . Frank take the contract from ma and hand it back to parker . frank good day , Mr. parker you can tell Mr. thaddeus Rain to put this where the sun do not shine . ( to the boy ) Shakespeare . jesse / cole ah. parker flush with anger . pinkerton and he man rest they hand on they gun . pinkerton I do not think you understand . you do not have a choice . click click and we see jesse 's draw and cocked two colt from out of thin air . Frank have pull he rifle from the doorway . parker and the detective be furious , but pinkerton seem no more than curious . parker ( to ma ) ma'am . you have to look in you heart and do what you know be right here . ma let I ask the Lord . ma bow she head for a moment . she then nod and look up . ma ( cont 'd ) the Lord say we can bury them out back in the orchard , nobody will ever find they . jesse somebody 's in a vengeful smite mood today . frank why do not we just let they go for today , ma . we will bury they out back next time . ma oh all right . parker , and the detective be step backward to the buggy . parker you people be make a serious mistake ! pinkerton himself have lingered , take in the group . pinkerton ( nodd ) nicely play . parker , pinkerton and the detective ride off . the group at the James house watch they go , then Cole turn to jesse . cole where the hell do you get that gun ? off jesse's shrug we dissolve to : int . school house - night dozen of man and a few woman be pack into the one room school house . among they be Frank and jesse . Doc mimm be lead the meeting . frank I go up to the courthouse and look at the right of way document for the rail bed . the railroad do not even need we land , they be just take the land on both side for as far as they can . jesse damn . all that read pay off . doc mimm floor recognize clell Miller . clell miller , tall and blond , step forward . clell they be say we do not sell , we might end up with nothing ! frank that 's only if we do not stick together . doc mimm ( point ) loni packwood . loni packwood , a sad , scruffy man stand up . loni I say this be the last straw . I come back from the war , I find my house burn down . my cow be dead . now my wife 's run off with my cousin , jeb , that sonofabitch . ( tear up ) take my dog -- doc mimm ah , loni , about the railroad . loni I forget . ( almost weep ) take my dog ... another farmer step up . farmer I sign . frank harlan , you can not . farmer I be tired of fight . I be just gonna take my family and move west . clell maybe we should hire a lawyer . farmer 2 that 's a good idea ! frank it would be , if the court be on the up and up . clell so what do we do ? angle on the school house door as it bang open and Bob younger stumble in , bleed from a cut on he forehead , be support by Zee . bob they get Cole . he collapse into a seat . the crowd surround he . zee he come to we house , daddy . I figure you would all want to hear this . jesse and Frank be next to Bob . Zee put a hand on jesse 's shoulder . he notice . bob they come up , make the same offer they make you folk . we little brother Jim try to chase them off , one of that detective hit he in the head , knock he out . Cole lose he temper . frank ( rub he forehead ) oh no ... bob he just lose he temper a little . jesse ( sighing ) how many of they do he kill ? bob two . frank damn ! bob they say because the detective be work for the Department of the Interior -- frank the Army can hang he . bob tomorrow . clell what do we do ? jesse nothing . the crowd stare at jesse . jesse ( cont 'd ) you folk be go to do nothing . you be all go to go home right now . so you be go to be able to swear on a Bible that you do not know anything about what 's go to happen tomorrow . jesse 's gaze be at once noble and terrifying . the crowd quietly begin to disperse . doc mimm boy ... jesse go home , doc. ( softly ) they be not gonna hang no more Liberty boy . Doc mimm nod , exit . jesse walk to the other end of the school house . Bob , Frank , clell and loni fall in behind he . the door swing OPEN again and comanche Tom enter with Jim younger sport six - gun way too big for he . comanche tom I could not lose he . bob Jim younger , I tell you -- jim it 's my fault they be gonna hang Cole . I want in . frank Jim , it be just a matter of time before they try to hang somebody else to scare off the other farmer . jesse and you be too young . jim ( to jesse ) I be the same age you be when you go off to war . jesse and the same age web be . no . zee ( o.s. ) ( o.s. ) you be waste time . Zee join they . jesse Zee , go home . Zee 's eyebrow go up . zee who else be there when they hang the other ? the man look at each other . nothing . zee ( cont 'd ) you need to know how they do it . which way they walk up . what order they do thing in . and if you mess up rescue Cole because you will not listen to a woman , then God damn you all . pause . jesse all right . Seven of we against a Union regiment and pinkerton detective in broad daylight in the middle of Main Street . jesse smile . bob he 's smile . jim be that bad ? frank very . ext . LIBERTY CITY gallow - the next day Soldiers flank the gallow , which stand at the bottom of the stair to City Hall . a small drum corps beat a stark rhythm . parker be watch this like a sideshow . pinkerton be next to he , scan the crowd of local which be get larger and surlier by the minute . parker relax , Alan . the Army have this all in hand . and Mr. thaddeus Rain will be very pleased with this news . nothing like a hang to motivate the populace to relocate . pinkerton it 's not my job to relax . I have put man face out both way down Main Street , so nobody can ride in shoot . I have get a sharpshooter up on the water tower just in case . pinkerton wave to a figure in a suit atop the water tower . CUT to : ext . water tower we see it be frank jame in the suit , who wave back and then kneel and sight down he long rifle . tucked away behind he , out of sight from the street , be a bound - and - gag pinkerton sniper in he underwear . CUT to : ext . gallow Cole , he face swollen from a beat , be march up the stair of the gallow toward the wait hangman . long shot of the gallow , detective and soldier down the street on both side , gun ready . the position be completely unassailable . Cole be at the platform . his hand be tie in front of he . the noose be place on he neck . back to the gallow . parker lean forward in anticipation . a union lieutenant approach with the black hood . Cole spit in he face . the crowd roar . the Lieutenant angrily motion to the hangman , who grab the lever -- the drum stop -- but the drum do not . the drum corps look at each other , confuse . the Army man and the pinkerton squint in concentration . there 's definitely some sort of rhythmic drumming , come closer ... the crowd , sense something , ease back from the gallow ... the drum get louder ... ext . STREET reveal fifty-odd cattle suddenly stampeding from down the street , they hoof create the drum ! reaction shot as the pinkerton and Army man start to scatter , the cattle surging around they -- ext . viewing stand angle on parker and Alan pinkerton run for cover , pinkerton half - turn to watch the action . pinkerton brilliant ... pinkerton suddenly spot something confusing . we follow he stare to see -- angle on a horse in the middle of the cattle , cut through the steer , towards the gallow . the hangman reach for the lever again , but just as he doe - jesse -- mask -- appear from the side of the horse , where he 's be hang on indian -style . he get a leg up on the horse 's back and leap -- slamming into the hangman , bring he down ! the cattle pass the gallow , revealing that the tight rank of the Army and pinkerton be now spread out -- ext . general store smash ! from the nearby general store , the other mask rescuer crash through the big front window on horseback and ride into the Army man , firing away . total chaos ! the Army man and pinkerton fight towards the gallow . as jesse untangle himself from the hangman , the Union Lieutenant reach for the lever but bang drop as Frank open fire . Frank start pick off soldier . the detective and remain soldier be completely disorient . ext . gallow jesse flash a knife and the noose drop away from Cole 's neck . facing Cole , he cut the rope on Cole 's wrist -- Cole instantly draw jesse 's gun from he waist holster , spin-reverses they and shoot two Union soldier climb the stair behind jesse 's back . jesse and Cole exchange a look , then jesse step away -- as Bob ride by he toss jesse's gunbelt into the air . jesse draw both gun from the belt as it fly by , spin and start shoot . ext . MAIN STREET the soldier have totally break rank . one riderless horse lead by comanche Tom pull up by the scaffold . jesse leap on and Cole jump on behind he . jesse put the spur to it and the horse surge into a gap in the crowd . Allen pinkerton step past the panic troops , squarely in the path of the charge horse . he draw he gun and fire . the bullet plows into jesse just as the terrify horse lurch forward , trampling pinkerton . Cole hold jesse up and the rider take off down the street . we see Frank have disappear from the water tower . the soldier fire at the flee liberator . one of the detective run over to the injure Alan pinkerton . detective Sir , be you all right ? ( shout ) somebody get a doctor ! ext . mimm home - night we see one window upstairs with a light on . int . bedroom Doc mimm have just finish bandage jesse , who lie unconscious beneath the sheet . Zee be hold a oil lamp . zee he 's go to be fine , right daddy ? doc mimm the bullet come out clean , but he lose a whole lot of blood . pray would not hurt . the SOUND of hoofbeat approach from outside . int . live room Doc mimm open the door . a union officer and a squad of soldier push in . officer good evening , sir , we be look for a fugitive . doc mimm a fugitive ? who ? officer we do not know , but he be very badly wounded . we be check all the house in the area . int . bedroom Zee hear she father protest , then footstep on the stair . quickly she undress , grab a quilt from a chest and jump into bed with jesse . she pull the quilt up to she neck , completely hide he . at that moment , the Officer barge in . Zee let out a little gasp as if startle awake . she cover herself with the quilt . zee Sir ! who be you ? officer oh. sorry mar 'am . zee I should hope so . the Officer exit . Zee watch the door for a moment , then look down fondly at jesse . zee ( cont 'd ) jesse , be you awake ? jesse ( groggy ) mmmm . Zee gently push he hair off he face . then she expression change . zee jesse , be that you hand ? jesse nuh-huh ... jesse smile in he sleep . Zee jump out of the bed and wrap a dress gown around herself . Doc mimm enter . doc mimm they be go . what be you -- zee I fool they into think I be alone . doc mimm well , I hope the boy pull through . we should know in the morning . zee ( with a little smile ) I think he 's already feel better . a puzzle Doc mimm follow she out . ext . LIBERTY MAIN STREET - afternoon - two week later a lavishly appoint carriage roll up to the front of the nicest hotel in town . rollin parker and he retinue of pinkerton detective scurry to the door . the door open . out step thaddeus rain , wear a elegant suit he buy in London last year and a scowl he pick up in Boston three decade ago . the scowl fit he better . parker Mr. thaddeus Rain , sir , it be a pleasure to have you join we in the field . rain and it be my pleasure to be here . parker really ! rain no ! it be not my pleasure to have to leave my board room to come to this godforsake piece of dirt to discover why in the name of all that be holy you can not seem to evict a few simple farmer from they pathetic little mudhole so that I may build the greatest railroad that this country have ever see ! parker I can completely understand you distress , sir . Rain sigh . as he speak , he check a heavy , gold , ornate and ever- present pocketwatch on a gold chain . rain parker , tell I what 's go on so I can return as quickly as possible to Boston and my whore and cigar , not necessarily in that order . parker two week ago , we manage to arrange to have the Army hang one of the local farmer . rain good . parker unfortunately not , sir . a gang of local thug manage to rescue he from the gallow . not only have this inspire resistance from the other farmer , the redoubtable Mr. Alan pinkerton be seriously injure during the incident . rain leave you in charge of operation until he recover . parker ( puffing with pride ) yes sir . rain just perfect . parker a further impediment be that the Army garrison have be order to move on from Liberty . we will no longer have that particular stick with which to threaten the farmer . rain you see the Army leave and you see the loss of a tool . I see a power void to be fill . as we have the most power , we may move with impunity . parker I see . I will get together four patrol of we detective for action tonight . rain I will teach this podunk what happen when they challenge the righteousness of progress . ext . mimm home - afternoon - that same day Zee be on the porch . jesse come through the door , move gingerly . Zee immediately move to support he . zee you should not be up . jesse I have be on my back two week . I be sick of it . zee you be sick of my company ? jesse no ! I mean , of course not . no. zee teasing you be completely unfair . jesse what you do to I be unfair . the teasing , I mean . zee I should not tease a hero . jesse what ? zee everybody in the county know it be you who rescue Cole . we be all so proud of you , jesse . and not a single farm 's be sell to the railroad since . you be everybody 's hero . jesse I be not the only one risk my neck that day . zee so you be say I should leave you alone and go spend time with Jimmy younger ? jesse unfair . you be completely unfair . they look at each other warmly . Frank drive up in a carriage . frank you ready to stop loafing around with this young lady and get back to farming ? jesse what do you think ? frank would you get in the carriage ? until ma have you home so she can fuss over you herself , she 's gonna make I miserable . Doc mimm come out onto the porch . jesse what do you say , sir ? doc mimm go on . you be pretty much all heal up . jesse and Zee exchange glance . Zee withdraw demurely into the house . jesse straighten up and hop easily into the carriage . frank you be look a bit more spry now that somebody -- jesse ( to Frank ) shut up . ( to Doc mimm ) uh , Doc , I be wonder if , uh , this evening , I could come by ? doc mimm you know you be welcome any time ! jesse ( unusually awkward ) yess , but I be think , I could come by , and then take Zee out . some place near . with other folk . near . here . ( beat ) but out . doc mimm ( bemuse ) it 's fine by I , jesse . frank do not worry , sir , I will make sure they be always properly chaperon . jesse slooooowly turn to glare at Frank . doc mimm ( grin ) why , that have not even occur to I , Frank . I be deeply in you debt . frank Army 's leave town , so Cole can stop hide up in the wood and come back to he farm . everybody 's get together at the younger place for a to-do . Frank tip he hat , and the carriage move off . ext . barnyard - night dozen of people be milling about happily in the lantern light of a western party . some be dance to the small banjo - lead band . a small knot of man be compare war storey . Cole younger be wander among they , people clap he shoulder , shaking he hand . jesse -- formally accompany Zee -- and Frank arrive at the edge of the light . immediately the entire group burst into applause and crowd jesse . Cole cut through and bear hug jesse , make he wince . cole here 's Liberty 's favorite son ! ( quietly ) I will never forget what you do , cousin . bob Zee , I be pleased you come . zee why thank you , Bob . bob I be especially pleased you come with jesse . ( off she look ) see as right now there 's a gaggle of girl hope to dance with jesse who be just go to have to settle for the many charm of Bob younger . angle on a group of obviously disappointed , beautiful young woman . Bob run a hand through he hair . jesse you have no shame . bob not yet . but I be hope . the party start up again , and everyone be catch up in the good time . angle on jesse swinging Zee into a group of dancer . they join in the two -step , and jesse 's as smooth as silk . ext . hillside - night - a while later jesse , carry a lantern , and Zee be walk . we can hear the party still go just a little way away . they reach a tree at the hilltop with a beautiful view of the star and the river . they sit down , they back against the tree . jesse I use to come to this tree when I be a kid and imagine what my life would be like when I get older . zee you do not want to farm ? jesse I be think more along the line of be a river pirate . zee a river pirate . jesse arr. Hand over you jewel , missy . zee thank God you grow out of that . ( pause ) you do grow out of that , do not you ? jesse mostly . it would be a all right life , for a bachelor . zee you plan on be a bachelor you whole life , jesse James ? jesse not if I find the right girl . zee and what 's this right girl like ? jesse smart . funny . bossy . always make I think she 's two step ahead of I . and big buck tooth . zee where will you find such a girl ? jesse honestly , you would do if only you have the buck tooth . Zee fake a monstrous overbite . jesse ( cont 'd ) ( dreamy ) finally . the two move a little closer . Eye contact . jesse ( cont 'd ) ahem . " from this doctrine ... " no , ah ... " from woman 's eye this doctrine I derive , they sparkle still like ... shiny ... sparkling rock ... " zee sparkle rock ? jesse Little one . zee be this one of Frank 's Shakespeare poem you be try to quote ? jesse yep . zee be you plan on kissing I when you finish quote ? jesse I have be plan on kissin ' you for a very long time . they kiss . it 's everything it should be . boom ! jesse and Zee be startle by a flash of light and sound . they turn to look back -- ext . younger barn the partygoer be running from the yard to the barn , which be on FIRE in several different place . as the younger brother and Frank get close , they see a squad of mask rider disappear down the road . some of the man shoot at the rider , but the distance be too great . Jim make a run for the barn , but Bob grab he . cole bastard ! come back here and face I ! frank get bucket ! some of the crowd start to form a bucket line to the well . jesse and Zee run up . Frank turn to he . frank ( cont 'd ) pinkerton . it 's the railroad . jesse ma. Frank and jesse bolt for they horse , swing into the saddle and gallop off . ext . jame house from a bit down the road , look just fine . jesse and Frank reign in as relief rush across they face -- a explosion tear the house apart like a pile of matchstick ! jesse and Frank urge they horse into a full gallop . ext . yard jesse and Frank leap from they mount , try to get close to the house . the flame be too strong . jesse ma! ma! jesse 's venture so close he coat catch fire . Frank tear it from he and stamp it out . jesse ignore he , still pace back and forth in front of the inferno . jesse ( cont 'd ) ma! please ! ma ( o.s. ) ( o.s . ) ( weakly ) boy ? the brother turn and nearly drop from shock . ma be stumbling toward they , half she hair singe off , brutally burned . frank Jesus mercy -- they reach she just as she collapse . jesse be cradling she , Frank with he arm around both of they . ma rider -- jesse we know , ma. now we get to get you to Doc mimm . ma take care of each other , boy . you say you prayer . jesse be openly cry . Frank have tear silently stream down he face . jesse Doc mimm will -- ma shush . ma 's eye turn up , and she half - smile . ma ( cont 'd ) well look at that . the good Lord 's a bit short than I reckone . ma gently stop breathe . angle on the boy hold ma , frame by the roaring flame of they home . jesse lean he head back and let out a howl of rage and pain and hate that go on and on and on ... dissolve to : ext . jame farm - morning Frank and jesse be stare at the smoking ruin of they life . other townsfolk be milling nearby , include Zee and the younger . frank ... we could move on . rebuild . make a decent life someplace else . jesse do not care . frank do not think you would . ( turn away ) I be go to go make the coffin . jesse make a thousand of them . still will not be enough by the time I be through . Frank be go . cole we place , clell Miller 's , sammy johnston , the creeder . will hite . bob the sheriff say it be a gang of drunk Kansas boy . cole I say we ride into town and kill we some pinkerton and railroad man . jim I like that . jesse no . they stare at he . jesse ( cont 'd ) this be not a feud , this be war . they have get more man than we do . we kill detective , they can replace them in a day . cole ( snap ) so what do we do , General Lee ? jesse just like in the war . harass they supply line . we kill the railroad 's man , they will not care . bob but if we take they money and supplies ... jesse exactly . jim that 's a great plan , jesse ! Cole nod grudgingly . bob I will get we a few more man , and comanche Tom will ride with we . jim where do we hit first , jesse ? cole I will pick the first job ! I mean ... I know a girl down at the bank . see if she can not get a list of town where the railroad keep its money . jesse perfect , Cole . cole let 's ride . the younger mount up . jesse walk to the ruin house , pull a big iron trunk from the wreckage . he kick it open , reach in , and pull out he gun belt . Zee appear behind he in what remain of the doorway . zee I be so sorry , jesse . jesse Frank and I have to go away for a while . Zee consider this , put she head in close to jesse 's . zee you and I , we have start ... something , you know ? ( jesse nod ) I do not know what will happen if you do this . jesse I neither . zee let the law -- jesse law do not touch man like thaddeus Rain . only justice do . zee whose justice ? your or god' ? ( no answer ) when will you stop ? jesse when my name make they cry in they sleep . when I have bring they to ash . jesse kiss she gently , turn and walk to where the younger be stand . Zee can barely conceal she anger and heartbreak . dissolve to : ext . fidelity bank and trust - day establishing shot of a midwestern bank on a quiet street . int . fidelity bank there be two teller window , a couple of male customer and a mother and child . jesse and Cole enter dress for the trail , longrider coat and spur . saddlebag be sling over they shoulder . jesse Excuse I , lady and gentleman , but I have bad news . the railroad payroll have be steal . the bank manager step out from behind he desk . manager what be you talk about ? the railroad 's money be right over there in that safe . jesse draw two gun , Cole produce a shotgun from he coat . jesse that safe ? manager ah. ext . fidelity bank Frank James , Bob and Jim younger , clell Miller , loni packwood , comanche Tom and several new gang member wait along both side of the street in this medium size mid-western town . some be stand next to they horse , some mount . another angle a old man with a cane be walk shakily towards the bank . Frank jerk he head and Jim intercept he . jim hold on there , sir . Bank 's close today . old man wha ? jim Bank holiday ! Bank 's close ! Jim try to steer the old man away . the old man start bat at he with the cane . old man get off I ! jim ow ! ow ! Frank sigh . int . fidelity bank jesse and the Bank manager be have a staredown . manager this be outrageous . who be you people ? jesse the James gang . cole ( annoyed ) the James - younger gang . jesse sorry . cole do not let it happen again . ext . fidelity bank the old man be still smack Jim with the cane . Bob cross to help . bob Sir , it 's a bank holiday -- smack smack and now the old man 's lay the cane on both Bob and Jim . jim ow ! bob ow ow ! Frank hang he head . int . fidelity bank Cole turn to the woman and child . cole ma'am , kindly cover that child 's eye . woman why ? cole I do not want she to see I shoot this man . the woman cover the child 's eye . Cole raise the shotgun . jesse half cover he eye and turn he head . the manager swallow . ext . fidelity bank comanche Tom walk over to where the old man be still smacking Jim and Bob . old man I know it be not no durn bank holiday ! comanche tom you be right , sir . old man then why can not I go in there ? comanche tom on account of we be robbing it . old man oh . why do not you just say so ? comanche tom it 's a secret . old man Fine . I will just wait here . comanche tom I would appreciate that . the old man settles against the wall . comanche Tom move back to he horse . Bob and Jim walk off , glaring at the old man . int . sherriff office a lean , middle - age sherriff be walk by he window . his deputy be whittling at the desk . the sherriff pull up short . sherriff what the -- deputy what be it ? sherriff Old man tucker be just stand quiet outside the bank . deputy so ? sherriff when have you ever know Old man tucker not to be yell at everybody ? he take in the group of rider , reach for he rifle . ext . fidelity bank jesse and Cole run from the bank with full saddlebags . everybody mount up and start riding down main street . frank how would it go in there ? jesse Fine . how would it go out here ? frank we be gonna have to talk ... bang ! the gang flinch as a chunk of wood splinter from a post . they turn to see the sherriff run out in front of they , raise he rifle -- the entire gang draw they gun . jesse raise a hand . jesse Sir , you can do this the smart way , or the stupid way . only one way end with you still breathin' . the sherriff take in the gang 's firepower . he lower the rifle . jesse ( cont 'd ) ( to the gang ) just ' cause we be robbing a bank , no reason not to be civil about it . the gang turn and ride off hard . the deputy walk up to the sherriff a beat later . sherriff where the hell be you ? deputy I have you cover . ( beat ) from back there . sherriff shit . dissolve to : ext . camp - night a bonfire burn in the middle of a rough camp in the wood . the gang member be sit around , relax and drink coffee . all eye be on jesse and Cole as they finish count the money . jesse I get seven thousand . cole I get three . bob ten thousand dollar ! that 's almost a thousand apiece ! the man hoot and holler . loni my luck be change at last ! Cole hold up a pile of papers . cole this be deed and mortgage of farm the bank be hold for the railroad . bob better pass they over here before something happen to them . Cole go to hand the papers to Bob and " accidentally " drop they in the fire . the man cheer again . jesse all right , settle down . all this money be not ours . bob well , no , jesse , it be the bank 's . that 's why we have to go to all that trouble of steal it . ( to Frank ) you explain it to he . jesse we oughta take some of this , give it to we neighbor in Liberty . lot of people hurt up there . clell none of they risk they neck for this . frank now , let 's think about this . we create some good will with the folk hereabout , make it easier to dodge the law . jesse see , Frank 's be smart about this . cole just because he read all that book and know all that big word do not make he smart . bob uhh , yeah it do . cole you stay out of this , Bob . jim I think jesse 's get a good idea -- cole you stay out of this too , Jim . ( to jesse ) who put you in charge of this gang , anyway , jesse ? I do mighty fine lead we during the War . jesse and I plan get you off the hangman 's deck -- frank and that 's why you both lead the gang . two of you go into that bank together , right ? jesse and Cole nod , still watch each other . frank ( cont 'd ) two head be better than one . all jesse be do be make a suggestion . jesse nod , he face give nothing up . frank ( cont 'd ) so we be wait to hear what you think of the suggestion . as the other leader of the gang . Cole consider this . cole I reckon it 's the smart thing to do . the other gang member grumble . Cole whirl on they . cole ( cont 'd ) hey ! we decide something , that 's it ! we be in this for the long haul , and this idea of I and jesse 's will help give we more place to hide out without worry about some farmer with a shotgun sneakin ' up on we in we sleep . we have get to think -- frank strategically . cole -- exactly . because this be a war . clell this be not no war . the gang be take aback by this blatant contradiction . then a smile spread across clell 's face . clell ( cont 'd ) nobody pay I no thousand dollar to fight in the War ! the gang laugh , and the tension be break . jesse and Cole slap each other 's shoulder , and everyone start count they money and talk all at once . int . SALOON - day the crowded saloon be alive with music , card - play , and dance girl . various James gang member be play card and drink . jesse , Cole , and Frank be at the bar . cole it 's not a bank . jesse it 's better . it 's a construction depot . they will have the strongbox and some ammo and explosive for we to take . that way we can take on a bigger job . frank and it 's guard by pinkerton detective . jesse and I do so want to shoot some pinkerton detective . jesse and Cole grin and slap each other on the back . Jim burst in wave a newspaper . he quickly run to the bar . jim ( stage whisper ) we be famous ! jesse take the paper . jesse I will be damned ! the other gang member drift over to the bar . jesse ( cont 'd ) ( read ) " the Fidelity Bank and trust be rob on Tuesday by a gang of twenty heavily armed man . " cole twenty ?! loni what be the odd , another gang robbing the same place right after we do . bob yeah , loni , that 's exactly what happen . jesse " the outlaw call themselves the James - younger gang shot they way out of town , wound the sherriff and three other townsfolk . " bob hey ! jesse " Bank official estimate the loss at fifty thousand dollar . " clell we only get ten thousand . comanche tom this happen all the time when you let the white man count the money . jesse " the U.S. District marshal at St. Louis call this the first daylight bank robbery in american history . " Jim whistle . jim we make history . that 's something to be proud of . cole the rest of this be all lie . jesse that just mean the next time , we will have to set the record straight ourselves . the gang look at he . ext . thaxton switch depot - night half finish railroad track run alongside a few shed and a office building . angle on the train track as the James - younger gang ride at full gallop . a rapid series of sequential explosion follow they , destroy the track for hundred of yard . ext . thaxton switch depot - morning the entire work camp be destroyed . smoke still hang over the twisted wreckage , a few wagon smolder , it look like omaha Beach at d-day plus 20 . thaddeus Rain be surveying the damage with parker . parker they exchange fire with the pinkerton Guards , kill several of they . then they raid the payroll office and blow the track for half a mile . rain how much do they get from the safe ? parker thirty - five thousand , sir . coin and currency . and the delay from the mile of destroy track -- rain I will kill they for blow up my railway ! parker to be precise , they do not blow up the track . rain then who did ?! parker we do . Rain stare at he . parker swallow . parker ( cont 'd ) ... I mean , we man . we own worker plant the dynamite . ( beat ) they be under duress . Rain control he cerebral hemorrhage through sheer force of will . he check he pocket watch , then say through gritt tooth : rain where the hell be pinkerton ? the SOUND of horse make they turn . angle on a fancy carriage that pull up . we see the ground beneath the carriage . a boot hit the ground . then another . then the tip of a cane . reveal Alan pinkerton now move toward Rain and parker , limping from when jesse 's horse trample he . he have a newspaper fold up under one arm . rain ( cont 'd ) look at this , pinkerton ! they get the payroll , and this damage will set construction back two month at least . pinkerton ( surveying ) not to mention my man who lose they life . parker you man know the risk . rain what be go on here , man ? pinkerton my professional opinion be that you have manage to piss off the wrong bunch of farm boy this time . parker they have to be deal with ! pinkerton by burn down they home ? rain you would not have do that ? pinkerton oh no , I would have do that . but I would have make sure I kill they , too . rain I want they arrest and hang ! pinkerton would a jury around here convict they own ? I think not . we be beginning a interesting game here , Mr. Rain . rain this be no game . pinkerton I be afraid we adversary do not agree . he hand Rain the paper . Rain ' eye bug out . he begin to read aloud . rain ( read ) " a rock Island and Pacific railroad depot be rob two night ago just outside St. Louis , Missouri . the brave and dare James - younger gang be heavily outnumber by pinkerton detective , but the city lawmen be no match for the gun of the West . " pinkerton it be a nice piece of write . rain " the gang make off with thirty - five thousand dollar and also destroy the thaxton switch construction , meaning that for a few month honest farmer will be able to sleep without fear the railroad be come to steal they land ! " ( he slam the paper into parker 's chest ) who write this !? I will see he hang every Tuesday for a month ! pinkerton oh , that 's the best part . he point Rain to the bottom of the article . rain " the forego article be send to the newspaper . it be reputedly write by the outlaw -- ( explode ) jesse James himself ! " Rain crush the paper in he hand , raging as he survey he destroy rail track . CUT to : int . mimm home - day Doc mimm be read a paper to Zee . doc mimm " ... write by the outlaw jesse James himself . " Zee be pace . zee he think this be some kind of game ! doc mimm I be upset too , Zee , but jesse and Cole know what they be do . I be sure they will not press they luck . Zee look at he . Doc mimm sigh . doc mimm ( cont 'd ) I know . but the Lord protect mad and prophet , and jesse 's ... one of they . I be just not sure which . dissolve to : ext . railroad track - day a freight train be come . we can see " rock Island and Pacific railroad " write across the side . int . engine cab the engineer nudge the fireman . engineer look at that . outside , along the railbe , member of the James gang be hold a series of sign , each one a dozen yard after the other . the engineer read each one as they pass . engineer ( cont 'd ) ( read ) " better ... slow ... down ... dynamite ... ahead ... too late ... you be dead ! " the engineer and the fireman look up . ahead of they on the track be a overload wagon with barrel mark " tnt " . the engineer slam on the brake . the high pitch scream of steel on steel sound out over the avalanche of spark fly from the wheel . ext . train track the train stop juuuuust in time . the front of the engine be inch away from the wagon . int . engine jesse stick he head in , gun draw . jesse that be a fine piece of drive , yes sir . he look at the wagon . the engineer and fireman follow he gaze . ext . train track comanche Tom and Jim younger climb on top of the wagon , kick over some barrel . they be empty , without even a top or bottom . int . engine jesse grin as the engineer and fireman hang they head . int . bank - day jesse and Frank walk into a large bank dress in suit . just inside the door , Frank notice something odd and nudge jesse . it 's a " want " poster . " Frank and jesse James . $ 5,000 reward . " they look back and forth at the artist 's sketches and each other . they shake they head " no . " jesse walk over to the teller 's window . he hand a bill to the teller . jesse could you change this please ? teller ( study it ) Sir , this bill be counterfeit ! jesse draw . Frank whistle and Cole , Bob and Jim burst in . jesse I do not think it 's counterfeit . do you mind if I take a look at all you real bill to compare ? frank it 's the scientific method . it 's all the rage . int . conference room - day in a richly panele conference room , a group of banker , politician and railroad official be gather around a large table . on the table be a map with a dozen red marker . thaddeus Rain and Alan pinkerton be study the map . rain Senator , can not you do anything ? a Missouri senator shake he head . senator the people see the James -younger gang as heroes against the Eastern businessman . this be not a area where man in suit be much love . rain pinkerton , why can not you get this outlaw ? pinkerton it 's early in the game yet , Mr. Rain . jesse James and I be just learn how each other move , feel out each other 's pattern . rain I be lose million of dollar and month of time while you play chess with this farmer ! pinkerton hardly farmer . I have do some check . all this be in the War . this man know sabotage , tactic , and have four year of bloody fight experience behind they . they be discipline , well - train and have a charismatic leader . if I be to design the perfect outlaw band , this gang be what I would create . rain so you can not tell I anything ? pinkerton it 's go to be a long winter . Rain pound the table . montage : various shot -- the gang on horseback , fire back at a posse . -- the gang ride through a field where dozen of sharecropper be sweat away . they leave a wake of twenty dollar gold certificate flutter in the furrow and hang in the corn . -- pinkerton , leading twenty detective , riding hard up to a crossroad . with a wave of he hand , never stop , he split one group off to head East , and he and the other head West . wall of " wanted " poster marked the " James -younger gang . " the James brother and younger brother nod at the likeness , which be get better . all except Bob , who stare at he in disbelief . it look nothing like he . jesse tear down he poster and autograph it for a young boy . ext . OPEN range the gang be riding hard . Cole and jesse look over they shoulder , nod to each other , and whistle . the man bring they horse down to a easy pace . jim I never think that posse be gonna give up . frank they be admirably persistent . cole jesse , we get to have a word . jesse sure , cousin . cole all the poster and newspaper be call this bunch the " James - younger gang . " jesse yep . cole why be not we the " younger - James gang " ? I mean , there 's three younger brother and only two James brother here . jim I kinda like the sound of the James -younger gang . cole ( bristle ) whose side you on ? bob no , Jimmy have a point . the younger - James gang could be confusing . cole how ? bob say we bust into a bank . we yell " we be the younger - James gang ! " people be gonna be think , " the young James gang ? be there a older James gang ? how come we never hear of the older James gang ? " so people be try to figure that out instead of raise they arm . jesse can not argue with that . Cole roll he eye . cole I think you boy be miss the point here ... they continue to argue as they ride off . jim how about " James - younger " for the bank job and " younger - James " for the train robbery ? bob see , that 's even more confusing , people will think there 's two gang ... ext . western STREET - day comanche Tom ride up to the building mark Marshall 's Office . a marshall and a dozen pinkerton detective be sit around the porch . Tom leap off he horse . comanche tom you 'um big lawman ? marshall yeah , injun . what do you want ? comanche tom great Chief of St. Louis send I . marshall the District Marshall marshall ( cont 'd ) of St. Louis ? comanche tom Ho - yah . him say tell Big lawman in carville that badman jesse James riding toward rising Sun , above great River , near Eagle rock . marshall East ? East above the river head for the Eagle pass ? comanche tom Ho - yah ! the Marshall turn to he man . marshall I want every man in town ! we can cut off jesse James before he cross out of my territory ! let 's go ! the posse quickly mount up . the Marshall toss comanche Tom a coin . marshall ( cont 'd ) go ahead to the saloon . but do not get too drunk ! comanche tom I get heap firewater -- the posse ride off . comanche tom ( cont 'd ) -- you cretin . comanche Tom flip the coin over he shoulder . from around the corner thunder the James gang . they ride up to the building mark " Bank " right next to the Marshall 's office . the gang dismount , run in . a improbably short time later , the gang member run back out with full saddlebags and mount up . comanche Tom ride off with they . frank Nice performance , Tom . comanche tom I feel dirty . int . conference room - day - month later the same man in suit and the same map , only now with more red marker on it . in the center of the group be thaddeus Rain , rollin parker and Alan pinkerton . rain pinkerton . it 's be eight month . I see robbery . I see hold up . but I do not see man on the end of noose . pinkerton all of the James gang 's encounter have be with local law enforcement who , quite frankly , be no match for this group 's cun . parker what about you detective ? they have not -- pinkerton suddenly close on Rain and parker . Rain do not back down , but we be acutely aware of the fact that Alan pinkerton be a big , violent Scotsman . he never raise he voice here , but then again -- he do not have to . pinkerton ( to parker ) first of all : you , shut up . ( to Rain ) now , you have give I a thousand mile of railroad to cover . every time the James gang strike , we shift a hundred detective to that area . but there 's just too much open land , too many riverbed to ride , cave to hide in . this gang operate across four state , often riding a hundred mile between job . rain I can not believe this . pinkerton and there be some town in Missouri where James and he man can walk openly , as heroes . parker how can that be ? pinkerton they donate money to farmer , to church . rumor have it they give the sharecropper of maddox so much money they be able to build a school . rain with my money ! parker we should go burn that school to the ground , sir ! pinkerton ( dryly ) yes , that 's the way to win the local back to we side . rain I demand action . pinkerton no , you demand result . they be not the same thing . and if you want result , you will let I do my job as I see fit . unless of course , ( jerk he head at parker ) you want this fool to saddle up and take another run at it ? rain can not you tell I anything ? pinkerton it 's go to be a long spring . montage : various shot -- the gang ride alongside a payroll coach , the coach be mark with the " rock Northern railroad " logo . suddenly pinkerton guard leap up from hide place in the coach and start fire ! the gang fire back drop two of the man . bank window Old " want " poster be replace by a new set . the coach be stop jesse and Frank be pull the payroll off as the rest of the gang keep they gun on the remain pinkerton . two dead pinkerton lie on the ground . jesse see , that 's a shame . if people would just hand over the money and not shoot at we -- loni look at something in he hand . bob what 's that ? loni lucky rabbit 's foot . take it off that dead fella over there . bob I do not think that one 's work , loni. loni pocket the charm . -- jesse , frank , and the younger brother sit head bow in a small country church as the collection plate be pass . jesse drop in a handful of twenty dollar gold piece . -- a group of boy swarm around jesse , get he to autograph he " wanted ! $ 10,000 reward dead or alive ! " poster . the gang be all there , admire the new poster . the likeness be remarkable -- except for Bob 's . it still look nothing like he . and we can see Cole be not pleased at all the attention jesse 's get . -- pinkerton in the board room with he map , directing he lieutenant on how to cover the territory . -- the gang carousing in a SALOON . jesse be off to one side , write a letter on fancy stationery . Frank be coach he . at the mimm home , Doc mimm hand Zee the envelope we just see jesse work with . Zee take the envelope and toss it into the burn fireplace . int . whittly bank - day jesse , Cole , Frank , and Bob be in the middle of a stick -up . all the bank patron have they hand up . jesse okay , folk , I think we know how this be go to go ... bob one false move and I will blow you head off ! jesse , Frank , and Cole look at bob. jesse beg pardon ? bob you hear I , jesse . you know how crazy I get ! jesse and Cole turn to the head teller . jesse ' scuse we . head teller think nothing of it . jesse and Cole cross to Bob . cole we get a problem here , brother ? bob ( low ) frankly , yes . I be feel a little leave out . jesse ( sighing ) this be about the " want ! " poster , be not it . bob yes . I be obviously not stand out in people 's mind at the robbery . cole ( to jesse ) this be you fault for hogging all the publicity . jesse hold on , hold on , we all know Bob be a important part of the gang . Frank arrive . frank gent , we be in the middle of something here . jesse Bob 's upset . frank the poster ? jesse / cole yeah . bob do not say " yeah " in that voice . this be important . Frank , jesse , and Cole exchange look . they turn back to the now puzzle crowd . frank pardon the delay , folk , but we have to get mad Bob younger under control ! jesse Bob here will kill a man for sneezing , and he 's the best shot in the gang . head teller better than you , jesse ? jesse Bob younger teach I how to shoot ! the crowd murmur appreciatively . frank now , we would like to get back to the robbery . head teller of course . the head teller start fill a saddlebag with money . Bob glare at a few people , then nod at jesse . jesse wink back . dissolve to : int . SALOON - night the place be alive with song , gambling , and the money the James gang be drop . at one table , loni packwood lay down he poker hand . as the other player moan , he rake in the pot . clell damn , loni , you be lucky . loni luckiest man in the West , now that I be riding with jesse James ! he raise he lucky rabbit 's foot in toast to jesse , who be at the bar nursing a bottle of whisky with Frank . angle on jesse and Frank at the bar . jesse this have be a good year . frank jesse , we be outlaw . jesse and we be good at it . frank it get to you , do not it . all the kill in the war . you need it now . jesse you have kill you fair share of man . frank if I could go back to farming -- jesse that 's a lie . you could have buy a dozen farm with the money we have steal . frank I can not quit and leave you alone . I can not quit until you quit . ma would have want it that way . jesse we be do this for ma. frank maybe it start out that way . but now ... jesse what do you want I to say , Frank ? I be kill man when I be fifteen . I like get shot at . I like riding out of town with a posse at my back . this be a helluva better life than farming . frank a better life than the one you could have have with Zee ? jesse hurl the whisky bottle against the wall . at the crash the saloon fall silent . every eye turn to the James boy . Frank stand up . frank ( cont 'd ) I will bet you every dollar we have steal that she have not read a single one of the letter you have send she . jesse be boil . his hand twitches . frank ( cont 'd ) you go to throw down on I , jesse ? jesse 's jaw be grind . jesse do not do this , Frank . you know I love you . Frank nod , embrace he brother . the saloon noise start up again . Frank step away . frank we be drunk . jesse oh yeah . frank just do I a favor . think about what this be cost everybody . not just the railroad . jesse nod and Frank exit . Jim younger , also drunk , step up . jim you okay , jesse ? jesse yeah . hey , be you drink whisky ? you be too young to be drink whisky . jim not too young to shoot a man , not to young to drink . jesse ( jolted ) I guess so . jim I be always jealous web mimm get to go off and fight with you and Cole . now it 's my turn . jesse take this in silently . jesse Jim , you be with a girl yet ? jim tonight ? why , I be just get ready to turn on the younger charm . jesse raise a eyebrow . jim ( cont 'd ) well , not exactly . jesse you be with a girl ever ? jim ( insulted ) Hell yeah ! I be with ... ( sigh ) uh , not exactly . it 's just , I do not want to get one of this pay lady , you know ? jesse I think so . jim you and Frank and Cole , and even Bob , get all this girl because you be good look and famous . you do not have to pay . they just look at I like I be the baby brother . ( then ) do not tell anyone , okay jesse ? jesse I swear . jim ( whisper ) tell you something else . ( belch ) I can not drink that good neither . I be go to go outside and throw up . jesse you do that . Jim stumble away and out the door . we hear he throwing up energetically a moment later . jesse think for a moment , beckon over the bartender . int . SALOON - a few minute later Jim stumble back in . a pretty young woman , lyla , approach he . lyla Excuse I . be you Jim younger ? Jim pull himself together . jim why , yeah . lyla I hope you do not mind , jesse James tell I you name . jim ( crestfallen ) oh , you be talk to jesse . lyla yes , but just so I could find out who you be . Jim brighten . jim really ? lyla I hope I be not be too forward . jim not at all . lyla I just though you be awful cute . jim thank you , miss -- ? lyla lyla devereux . jim gosh , that 's a pretty name . buy you a drink ? lyla could we go upstairs and talk ? it 's so loud down here . jim ( try to stay smooth ) why do not we get a bottle of sherry to sip while we talk ? lyla that be so gentlemanly of you . as they head to the bar , we see jesse slide some money to the bartender . jim ( crossing ) devereux . my brother Cole date a european girl once . lyla really ? jim do not talk about it much , though . int . conference room parker be lead Rain into the room . Rain snap shut he ever-present pocketwatch . parker the final route for the railroad be complete . rain I look forward to see it . a group of railroad men wait around , wear force smile . parker show Rain the map . reveal the wall - size map of the United States . the plainly mark rail line extend due west from New York , through Philadelphia , a straight shot west -- -- until it reach Missouri , where it take a painfully obvious swing in a large semi-circle south of the state , then swing up again and continue due west . Rain take this in . parker and the railroad man be try to look casual . rain ( cont 'd ) parker . parker Sir ? rain what be that ? parker what , sir ? suddenly , viciously , Rain grab parker by the neck and slam he face against the map . rain ( calmly ) that . parker ( strangle ) oh , that . I will let Jenkins explain . Rain drop parker , who slide to the floor stunne . he turn to jenkins , who be suddenly in a open area clear by the retreate railroad man . jenkins sir. rain Jenkins . jenkins we have do a financial study of the construction cost project into -- rain Jenkins . jenkins it 's cheaper to go around jesse James , sir . even with the detour and the extra track . it 's just cheaper . Rain turn to look at the map . rain so he 's win . pinkerton ( o.s. ) ( o.s. ) no . angle on the entire group look at a serene pinkerton stare at the James gang tracking map , which be now festoon with red marker . pinkerton ( cont 'd ) every three month , the James gang circle back to the vicinity of Liberty , Missouri . they always pull a job right before they return , probably to have extra money to give family and friend . rain in English , pinkerton . pinkerton there be only four bank within that travel radius which they have not rob . rain can you put man at all four ? pinkerton no need . I have another tool at my disposal which will narrow it down to one bank . rain what be that ? pinkerton ( smile ) why , they intense hatred of you , of course . the room hold its breath . Rain begin to smile back . ext . western town - evening a populous town with the fanciest SALOON we have see yet . ext . SALOON - sidewalk - evening out on a sidewalk , jesse stand alone at the edge of the building . he 's hold a envelope . he Pov reveal the address : " miss Zerelda mimm , Liberty , Missouri . " back to shot as jesse reach up to the street lantern and light the envelope on fire . he drop it to the ground and watch it smolder . Bob younger walk up , hold a " want " poster . bob finally . jesse look , grin . the sketch be a dead ringer for Bob . bob ( cont 'd ) the thing a fella have to do to get a little respect around here ... jesse you be a fine figure of a man . bob listen , jesse , we have get a problem . ( off he look ) it 's Cole . jesse he 's be full of vinegar lately . bob he 's plan a job . jesse what ? bob listen , he 's my brother and I do not want to start trouble ... jesse tell I . int . SALOON - gambling room back in a semiprivate card room , Cole be talk to the rest of the gang . cole it will be the biggest score yet . jesse ( o.s. ) ( o.s. ) what will be ? jesse and Frank step from the shadow . Cole toss they a newspaper . cole Hyperion Bank , two day 's ride from Liberty . they have get a hundred thousand dollar in railroad money just sit there . jesse toss the paper aside . jesse smell funny , it be mention in the paper . cole if you would read about it first , you would have no problem . jesse what be you say ? cole I have rob just as many bank as you have ! I know this town , and I know this bank , and I say it 's a easy job . jesse you be forget who 's in charge -- frank ( calming he ) jesse . cole oh , you be in charge ? we be not partner any more , jesse ? you tell Cole younger where and when to ride ? frank Cole , he do not mean that . jesse you take side against I , now , Frank ? frank no , I -- cole so be with I be be against you ? well , we do not want to do that ! none of we poor idiot want to go up against the famous jesse James , great outlaw who ever live ! jesse glare at Cole . the gang be murmure amongst themselves . cole ( cont 'd ) that 's what the newspaper say . be not for jesse James , this gang would not be able to find a goat 's ass with a stick . bob what ? clell Miller lean forward . clell you have get mighty full of yourself lately , jesse . jesse you think so . you all do ? ( to Frank ) you ? Frank hesitates a half - second too long . jesse ( cont 'd ) ( spitting ) beautiful . cole now the one time one of we come up with a idea -- jesse a bad idea . cole I get we through the War all right . jesse and almost get hang in peacetime . cole that 's it . Cole lunge for jesse , and in a flash they be streetfighting , all elbow and knee and rib punch , grunting and swearing . Frank and Bob try to break it up , but it 's too fierce . comanche tom let they fight it out . the poison need to leave the wound , to heal . jesse land a roundhouse , knock Cole away . Cole go for he gun , and in a blur they have both drawn and stand face each other with cocked six - gun . the gang watch in stunne silence . bob this be heal ? comanche tom sometimes a wound will kill . bob now you tell we . frank ( edging in ) boy , we do not want this . neither jesse nor Cole will back down . they circle , still keep they gun up . cole ( gritt tooth ) I be the better soldier , jesse . jesse and I be the better outlaw . Jim step up . jim and you both hate the railroad . that 's what 's important . we do this job , and thaddeus Rain will not dare come West again . jesse 's gaze slide to Jim . jesse what about that rock Island bastard ? jim it 's he money . he 's put up the payroll out of he own fortune . you do want to hurt thaddeus Rain , do not you jesse ? jesse and Cole stare at each other again . jesse still smell fishy . cole then let I run the show , General Lee . jesse thumb down the hammer of he colt . Cole do the same . the entire gang breathes out as one . jesse Fine . we hit this bank . cole you will be smile once you have get all that money to spend , cousin . ( to gang ) Cole younger 's go to make everybody rich ! the gang cheer . Frank watch jesse cross to the window and sag against it , exhaust . dissolve to : ext . hyperion bank - day the James gang ride up to the bank . a water tower can be see behind the building opposite the bank . jesse , Cole and Frank dismount and move swiftly to the bank door . comanche Tom , Jim younger , clell Miller and loni packwood dismount and take defensive position . the few other gang member stay on they horse , look sharp . angle on Cole hold up at the door , produce he shotgun . Frank and jesse draw six gun . on Cole 's lead , they kick OPEN the door and rush in . int . hyperion bank Cole and the James brother stride in . cole nobody move ! this be a robbery ! the dozen or so farmer and teller raise they hand . ext . hyperion bank loni be whistling away , rub he lucky rabbit 's foot . he squint up at the sun , turn , then stop . he slowly turn back ... he Pov reveal a dozen man appear at the edge of the opposite rooftop , aim rifle ... loni let he rabbit 's foot drop ... the first gunshot plow into loni ! as he fall back , we see the rabbit 's foot hit the dusty ground ... the gang leap for cover as a hail of bullet begin to tear up the bank face around they . int . hyperion bank jesse , Frank and Cole whirl to face the door . cole what the -- jesse's Pov in a mirror by the door reveal all twelve of the man in the bank draw gun , shotgun , one rifle -- jesse shove Cole and Frank down . he kick a stool at the man with the rifle , dive right and roll across a big oak desk . the man begin to FIRE . as bullet ping around he , jesse fire from between he leg as he roll across the desk . the assassin start to drop . jesse complete he roll at a railing separate the manager 's area from the bank floor . in one smooth move he 's up and running along the railing , defy gravity , draw he shoulder colt and shoot ... the gunman be crossing into each other 's line of fire , jesse 's movement confusing they . jesse 's kill another five , only four leave , but he 's out of railing and -- crash ! through a teller 's cage , disappear behind the counter . the gunman turn and blast the wooden counter , some scream in panic . click be hear as hammer fall on empty magazine . the gunman stare at where jesse disappear , panting heavily . click . they forget about Cole and Frank . ext . hyperion bank the gang be scramble for cover . loni 's body lie in the street , he rabbit 's foot lie in a pool of he blood . the gang be return fire , hide behind water trough , dead horse , barely stay alive . the roar of gunfire be deafen . comanche tom head for the end of the street ! jim look ! at both end of the street , wagon roll into position , each manned by two armed pinkerton . the gang be trap . int . hyperion bank a shot of the open , empty vault . cole dammit ! jesse ( o.s. ) ( o.s. ) a trap . Cole turn . jesse be move the survive cowboy into the vault . as the last one step in , jesse slam the door close . we hear more gunfire . Frank run in from the back of the bank . frank another dozen out back . cole they gonna rush we ? frank they be just insurance in case we run . jesse cross to the front door . ext . hyperion bank jesse stick he head out the door . jesse get inside , you -- gunfire chew up the doorframe . jesse pull back inside . int . hyperion bank Frank and Cole be shoot through the window . jesse they be all pin down . can not even get to the door . frank get any idea , little brother ? jesse think , then smile . frank ( cont 'd ) oh Lord . ext . hyperion bank jesse come crashing through a window ! he roll to a stop next to one of the horse , grab a saddlebag , then -- to the disbelief of the gang -- he pivot and crash right back into the Bank ! int . hyperion bank jesse stumble to he foot , yank open the bag . stick of dynamite tumble out . frank / cole oh Lord . ext . hyperion bank we pan across the trap gang , still under fire , to the front of the next door saloon , and then we zip int . SALOON where wary patron have take cover from the gunfire . suddenly -- booom ! one wall explode into dust ! in the hole we see the interior of the Bank and -- jesse James run through , already readying another stick of dynamite -- ext . rooftop where the pinkerton gunman be shoot at the gang . some of the gunman look curiously as the window to the building two door down from the bank blow out . ext . STREET as the two pinkerton detective at the wagon barricade turn in shock as jesse James leap from the second floor of a building he can not possibly be in , land on the wagon , roll off and dash into a blacksmith shop across the street . they suddenly notice a hiss . they stand , look in the wagon . jesse leave a burn stick of dynamite in the wagon . angle on the wagon exploding into matchstick . int . blacksmith shop the blacksmith be go , but there 's a fire in the forge . jesse leap and kick over the forge -- angle on the white - hot coal igniting everything . ext . rooftop the pinkerton fire on the gang notice smoke rise from below they . they look down ... reveal bellow flame and smoke envelop the entire row of building below they . back to the roof as a pinkerton commander run to ledge and look at the rise flame himself . a huge explosion be hear o.c . a large shadow creep over the sniper . they turn and look up -- -- at the Water Tower toppling towards they ! the pinkerton dive out of the way as the tower smashes onto the roof , unleash a tidal wave of water ! ext . STREET upshot of the sniper 's ledge as the pinkerton leap off , follow by a wall of water -- widen to see the water pouring into the building from above -- Cowboys fly out the window , follow by torrent of water -- one pinkerton swept up and carry off the roof , bounce off a second floor balcony and land in a puddle on the dirt street below . follow the water rush across the dirt street to the foot of -- ext . hyperion bank Jim , Tom and the gang stare in disbelief at the total destruction jesse have wringht . ext . STREET jesse ride out from a stable lead a team of horse . he reach the bank . jesse no time to gawk , boy , we get somewhere else to be ! Frank and Cole rush out from the bank . the gang leap onto the horse and put the spur to they hard . angle on the gang gallop past the shattered wagon barricade , head for the edge of town . pinkerton riflemen run out of the bank and from behind the other barricade . one sharpshooter with a rifle drop to one knee , line up ... he Pov show jesse in he sight . he tighten on the trigger , and just as he pull -- -- Jim younger ride into the line of fire ! with a crack the bullet hit Jim square in the back . he slump forward on he horse . comanche Tom leap from he horse onto Jim 's and urge it on . angle on the James gang disappear past the edge of town . the pinkerton stand stunne amongst the ruin of they ambush . Alan pinkerton himself walk up , shaking he head . ext . hill country - evening the gang ride up onto a wood hill where huge rock jut from the earth . they all dismount , jesse and Cole support Jim 's limp form as they pull he from the saddle . Jim be drench in blood . jesse okay , you be gonna rest here . cole clell , Tom , go get Doc mimm in Liberty ! clell that 's a long ride , Cole . we will not be back ' till morning . jesse then you better get go ! Cole and jesse be united again in they grief over Jim . cole Bob , rip up some bandage . jesse pass I some whisky . Jim 's eye flutter open for the first time . jim ... too young for whisky ... jesse this time we will make a exception . jim jesse , you explain to lyla . my girl , you know , from that time ... jesse you be gonna tell she when you be rest up in bed with she , Jimmy . cole Jim , I be sorry , I be so sorry . jim best time of my life . ( weakly ) I be famous , y'know ... Jim die . Cole cradle the body , begin rock . comanche Tom put a hand on Bob 's shoulder as Bob slump against a rock . jesse stand , walk away heavily . ext . hilltop - a while later sunset be heavy in the sky . jesse stare off at it . his anguish be palpable . Frank come over . jesse shoulda learn with web . make it look fun , make it look like a adventure . get web kill . now Jim . frank Jim be old enough ... jesse ( snort ) he be a boy riding with the most famous outlaw in the West . how be he suppose to say no to that ? frank railroad burn he out too . you could not have stop he . jesse you be a piss-poor liar for the smartest man I know . frank yeah . jesse a war against the railroad . what the hell be we think ? frank I be sure it seem like a good idea at the time . jesse remember the first time Frank say that . he cross back to the gang . angle on the gang -- what 's leave of they -- wait by the horse . the unspoken knowledge of whose fault this be hang in the air . Cole be cover in Jim 's blood . cole we will make they pay for this . jesse I be out . cole what ?! we follow you for a year , and now that we blood 's be spill , you be gonna quit ?! jesse who 's next ? you ? me? Bob ? Cole can not answer . clell we can not exactly go back to we life , jesse . jesse I be not tell you what to do . you want to keep on follow Cole , fine by I . bob Frank ? Frank nod . he 's leave too . cole go ahead . ride on . but do not come back when you figure out you can not farm with a six - gun . Bob embrace Frank . jesse go to shake hand with Cole , but the guilt and rage make he once - best friend unapproachable . jesse smile sadly and walk away . ext . mimm home - early morning Zee be let a dog out . she look up , freeze . entrance , she walk out onto the porch . angle on a figure appear out of the early morning fog . it 's jesse , riding slow . he rein he horse in at the porch , dismount . he stand stare at Zee . jesse Zee . zee jesse . what be you think ? there be bounty hunter and lawmen all over this county ! jesse I have to see you . I be get marry . Zee be shocked . jesse look serious . zee I do not understand . jesse she 's the most wonderful woman in the world . can not get she out of my mind . zee that 's ... wonderful . it 's just ... I think ... jesse she 's beautiful . smart . and have the biggest ... buck tooth in all of Missouri . it take Zee a second . before she can process it all , jesse drop to one knee . jesse ( cont 'd ) I have quit my outlaw way . come live in my home and in my heart . Zee take the hat off jesse 's head , toss it into the yard and smile . jesse stand up and they kiss . dissolve to : ext . horse drawn taxi - day victorian wooden house with tin roof and palm tree line the street . jesse and Zee ride in the back of the open carriage . they can not take they eye off each other . zee I would never have imagine we in a place like this . jesse that 's why I pick it . we can start a whole new life down here . zee be you go to be happy here , Mr. James ? without all that excitement ? jesse I have get you . you keep I busy . I figure we will get over to the hotel ... get check in , clean up ... then I would like to do something I have be think about for a long time . zee now wait a minute . there be certain thing that have to wait until after the wedding . jesse lean forward to the driver . jesse Driver , change of plan . take we to the nearest church . driver what religion ? jesse whichever one have God in it , that will do fine . int . church rectory - day a pastor sit at he desk while jesse finish fill out a marriage license . pastor this be unusual . most of we marriage be member of the congregation . jesse you do not think God will mind , do you ? jesse slide he two twenty with the license . pastor the Lord be remarkably tolerant of the charitable . ( read the license ) " jesse woodson James . " jesse James ? the jesse James ? jesse I could have lie I suppose , but I want this marriage to be legal . I just want you to know , I be try to start a new life here . I be depend on you ... pastor discretion ? Sir , I be a man of the cloth . jesse thank you . pastor who need to repair a leaky church roof . grinning , jesse slide over another forty . pastor ( cont 'd ) now let 's have a drink . jesse right here in church ? pastor Communion . the pastor pour . they drink . ext . church - day the bell ring as jesse and Zee walk out the front door arm in arm . the pastor and he wife appear in the doorway , wave . jesse and Zee hop in a wait carriage . dissolve to : int . bank - day various townsfolk be line up at the teller be window . Cole , Bob , comanche Tom , clell and some new gang member burst in . cole nobody move ! this be a robbery . everybody 's hand reach for the ceiling . Cole gesture to the teller . cole ( cont 'd ) the safe . now . teller of course ! ( pause ) uh , sir ? cole what ? teller where be jesse James ? cole this here be the younger gang ! a man speak out timidly . man but the younger ride with jesse James . cole do ride . no more . the crowd grumble , plainly disappointed . cole ( cont 'd ) OPEN the damn safe ! teller all right , all right . ( mutter ) jesse James never yell at folk ... Bob and comanche Tom exchange look behind a fume Cole . int . SALOON - night the new gang be spend its booty . Cole be put a healthy dent in a bottle of rotgut . Bob be consol he . bob this be the best score yet . cole it 's still take too long . the people use to snap to . bob that be because of ... the reputation the gang have . cole as long as people think jesse 's still riding , we will never get the respect we deserve . bob Cole , we be outlaw . not exactly the most respectable job , if you know what I mean . cole leave I alone , Bob . even Bob can not reach Cole now . he walk sadly away . dissolve to : ext . beach - day a desert key beach -- coconut palm and Australian pine . clear water like glass stretch off forever . jesse and Zee be have a picnic on the white sand . both be in the latest in beach attire . he 's in a one - piece that go from he neck to he knee . Zee 's in what be basically a dress with long pantaloon . Zee be read . jesse be stretch out on the sand . zee hmm . jesse " hmm " what ? zee ( read ) " but the life of the James gang be not all robbing and shoot and kill , for this young Missouri buck have a taste for the lady ... especially the handsome and charismatic jesse James . " jesse sit up . jesse I beg you pardon ? zee ( show he the cover ) " blaze gun of the West . true story of jesse James . " only a dime in the hotel lobby . jesse let I see that . zee oh , I be not finish . ( read ) " when he saunter into a saloon , he spur jangling and he pocket full of gold , the lady flock around he like fly to a candy apple . " ( look at he ) as I say . hmm . jesse now , sweetie , y'all would not go believe one of they silly dime novel , would you ? zee jesse , have you ever notice that when you be try to charm you way out of trouble , you accent get all farm boy ? jesse aw , shuck , mar 'am ... zee stop it . this be just sad . jesse swim . swim be good . jesse jump up and out of frame . a second later , he reach down and pull a chuckle Zee up out of the sand . ext . ocean - day jesse chase Zee out into the surf . they splash around until the water get shoulder - deep , then both submerge . they reappear , lock in a kiss . close on Zee 's face as they break the kiss and embrace . she 's in heaven . she open she eye , face the beach . something pass over she face . angle on the beach , where fifty pinkerton detective with rifle be line up like a fire squad . back to Zee 's face . she squeeze jesse tighter . zee do not turn around . jesse what ? zee if you do not see it , it 's not real ... jesse turn around to see -- ext . beach a familiar figure walk along the sand . when the figure reach the center of the line of detective , he turn to the couple and -- pinkerton jesse James , you be under arrest ! jesse take one long gaze at the open ocean . he head for shore . dissolve to : int . SALOON Cole and the gang be kill time . Bob run in . bob they arrest jesse ! he throw the paper to the other gang member , but walk straight to Cole . the two brother stare at each other . cole how would they -- bob what have you do ? cole I be not do -- bob what have you do ?! Bob draw on Cole . Cole be shattered . cole bob. I do not ... bob swear . cole I swear -- bob swear on Jimmy 's grave . Cole hesitates . Bob thumb back the hammer . comanche Tom 's hand close over Bob 's gun . comanche tom Bob . you know Cole would never do such a thing . he and jesse be best friend . they be cousin , blood brother . Bob consider it , lower the gun . bob I be sorry , Cole . cole you be just upset about jesse . we all be . Bob walk off . comanche Tom speak , but keep he eye on bob. comanche tom my people know that when a brother kill a brother , a great curse come down on that man , and when he die he walk the desert as a dark spirit . I like Bob too much to let that happen . ( look at Cole ) if I find out you turn in jesse , I will kill you myself . comanche Tom move off . Cole 's thought be he own . dissolve to : ext . fort jefferson - night a establish shot of the Florida fort be lash by rain . int . cell a dank , black cell far in the bowel of Fort jefferson . we hear clanking . widen to reveal jesse do push-up . they come easily , despite jesse be chain up like the frankenstein monster . the door open . jesse look up in mid-push -up . Alan pinkerton be look down at he . jesse move to the bed . pinkerton , flanke by two guard , enter . he sit on a stool provide by one of the guard . pinkerton we be move you tomorrow . jesse but I like the presidential suite . pinkerton oh , it 's a similar room . but the hotel be in Washington d.c . you be not go to get a fair trial down here , in front of a jury of jesse James sympathizer . jesse so I will get a fair trial in front of a jury buy off by thaddeus Rain ? pinkerton that 's the idea . pinkerton produce two cigar , present one to jesse . jesse do you order we house burn down ? pinkerton not that day . I be guilty of many thing , but that be Mr. thaddeus Rain and parker , that day . jesse take the cigar , and pinkerton light both . they puff for a moment . pinkerton ( cont 'd ) ( tapping bad leg ) be this you , by the way ? jesse expose he scar . jesse you almost end my career before it begin . pinkerton pity . pause . pinkerton ( cont 'd ) how do you spot the ambush in torrell ? jesse last February ? pinkerton mmm . jesse you have all that cattle there , so I would think the extra man be in town from the cattle drive ? pinkerton yes ? jesse the cow have a brand from a farm just five mile out of town . pinkerton damn . pause . jesse almost get I in billing . I see you there , shoot at I . pinkerton I go myself to oversee the operation . do not help much . jesse no , that one be close . a couple fella quit after that one . pinkerton oh . that 's nice to know . ( then ) we be go to hang you , you know . jesse I figure . pinkerton be it worth it ? jesse should have just kill thaddeus Rain and be do with it . pinkerton that 's what I would have do . jesse I be not hang yet . pinkerton ( shaking he head ) you cocky little bastard . jesse ahh , you will miss I . pinkerton no , I will hang you . ( then ) but I may miss you just a bit . as jesse and pinkerton smoke and discuss the past year ... ext . trainyard two guard be lead jesse , who be in heavy arm iron , toward a prison car at the end of a wait train . pinkerton , thaddeus Rain , and parker walk up . rain this be he . parker I remember you . jesse you be parker . I remember you , too . you kill my ma. parker be set back by jesse 's voice . to cover he fear -- parker how do you know ? rain not such a menace now , be he , pinkerton ? pinkerton if you feel that way , I could always take off the iron . Rain glare at pinkerton , then turn back to jesse . rain you steal thousand . you cost I ten of million of dollar , month of lose construction . I wish I could hang you every single morning for a century . Rain check he pocketwatch , spot jesse eyeing it . rain ( cont 'd ) you like that ? solid gold , my father have it make when he start this railroad . he give it to I when I take over , I will give it to my son when he run this company , and he will give it to he son -- the right type of man will always run this country , jesse James , and little man like you will always suffer . you have stop nothing . jesse make you think twice about burn folk ' home down now , do not I ? jesse wink . with that parker reach back and sucker punch jesse . Rain gloat as jesse get he breath back . rain we will speak again in Washington , you insect . jesse you be come on the same train ? Rain involuntarily look behind jesse . jesse crane he head and spot a club car at the front of the train , several car away from he prison car . the other car be pack with pinkerton detective . jesse ( cont 'd ) well , tell you what . I be go to have to pay you a visit . rain Big word . jesse it 's a promise . everyone be a little shake by the steel in jesse 's voice . the guard drag jesse off . int . prison car the guard turn jesse over to a burly detective . pinkerton enter just behind he . there be ten detective in total in the car . pinkerton hook he up . the burly detective bring jesse 's arm above he head . he loop jesse 's chain over a rail that run the length of the car . two other detective walk jesse down the car , jesse 's hand suspend over he head . jesse can just barely sit down . pinkerton ( cont 'd ) now the gun . burly detective I do not like it . we can handle he . pinkerton in the ten second we have be in this car , I have see you get close enough for jesse James to grab you gun at least three time . and I assure you , if he get he hand on one of you gun , you be all , and I mean all dead man . burly detective he 's chain up . pinkerton I will put that on you tombstone . the gun . grumbling , the detective deposit they pistol in a box near the front of the car . pinkerton walk out . the burly detective slide a colt into he waistband . angle on jesse , alone , surround by ten pinkerton guard . the train lurch , and they be off . ext . countryside - day the prison train highball through the wood , roll hill . we see the engine , the coal car , a detective car , then the private salon car , two more car of guard , and then the prison car . int . prison car five guard be play poker . five other be stand along the length of the car . jesse look at the gun box waaay down the other end of the car . thing shift , and we ( and jesse ) realize the train be go downhill . jesse hey , fatty . the burly detective look up . burly detective what ? jesse you , ya barrel of pork lard . here piggy piggy ! the detective close on jesse . jesse stand as the burly detective move right up on he . burly detective what you sayin ' boy ? jesse I think I recognize you . burly detective how ? jesse I think I see you leavin ' by the front door just as I be come in the back . the other detective try to hide grin . burly detective you shut up now , boy . jesse no , really . you be wife say she need some help , see as you be so fat you could not find you -- burly detective backhand jesse . jesse spit blood and grin . jesse ( cont 'd ) yeah , she say you do that to she too . burly draw , point the gun right at jesse 's face . the other detective gasp . jesse stare down the barrel , then raise he eye and speak in a voice that be low and terrifying . jesse ( cont 'd ) y'know , I could do this without the gun , but it just make thing easier . slam as jesse kick burly in the crotch ! the gun fire , miss jesse 's head only because he jerk it like a mongoose . jesse backhand the detective with the heavy chain ! the gun drop right into jesse 's hand -- the guard be run for the gun box -- jesse flip the chain tight , tuck up and kick off from the back wall and slide the length of the rail over the detective ' head ! as he reach the end he fire the gun , blow open the gun box . jesse then shoot the rail 's ceiling strut , and then kick at the roof . the rail wrench free , drop jesse to the floor . in a blur he 's up , reach into the gun box . he toss one gun into the AIR , then fan the hammer of another . half the guard drop , but the other half be right on top of he and nobody 's that fast -- jesse drop the spend gun , catch the other gun in the opposite hand and fan that hammer all in a single breath ! as the smoke clear , the last of the detective fall with a thud . ext . train jesse pop open the door to he car . he 's improvise a gunbelt like he old one , hold six colt . he 's still hold the chain from he restraint . now that they be no longer wrap around jesse , we see they be at least a few yard long . int . third troop car some pinkerton look up as a bang sound from on top of the car . ext . train and jesse jump off the roof and -- clank as the chain -- fastened to the roof -- go taut and jesse be at window level and he 's firing and firing into the car ! int . third troop car pinkerton fall , draw they gun , not able to get a bead on jesse because -- ext . train jesse be run along the side of the car , support by the chain ! still shoot , he reach the end , kick up and be on the roof again . angle on one detective , barely alive , stumbling through the door , open the door to the next int . second troop car the detective inside start as the wounded man fall into the doorway . ext . train jesse look down and see heavily armed pinkerton come out of the doorway . jesse shit . but there 's no turn back and he jump to the top of the ext . second troop car jesse 's run and the pinkerton start shoot through the roof . jesse miraculously be untouched , almost to the club car ... int . club car pinkerton be already move as parker and thaddeus Rain look around . rain what the hell be that sound ? pinkerton Vengeance . int . first troop car pinkerton burst in . the man snap to . pinkerton outside ! get up on top ! go go ! ext . club car jesse jump onto the club car , but pull up short as detective appear ahead of he . he turn to see other detective climb up behind he . he 's trap . but we hear a low whistle and ext . train engine the engine explode ! spark fly as the twisted engine grind onto the track ! ext . train the momentum carry everyone off they foot ! some detective be tear from the train . jesse slide across the roof of the Club car -- CUT to : ext . train track close on a smoking cannon sit on the track . widen to reveal Frank and Cole on horseback shading they eye . Zee be daintily blow out a fuse lighter . frank Nice shot . zee thank you . now go get my husband . the two man start to gallop toward the train . ext . train jesse , pinkerton , and the detective look down the track and see ... ext . train track Frank and Cole riding toward they . from the wood ride comanche Tom and Bob younger , fold into perfect formation . the four thunder toward the train . int . club car pinkerton rush back in . parker and Rain be look out the window . parker there 's only four of they ... pinkerton move you fool ! he grab the two businessman and head they to the rear of the train . ext . train track Frank draw a gun and fire . ext . wood two dozen rider pour out of the wood , all fire at the pinkerton ! the pinkerton return fire , take shelter in the train car as the rider strafe the train . ext . train jesse swing over the edge of the train , look through the window . Rain be go . he turn and start run back along the top of the train . ext . prison car pinkerton , Rain and parker tumble out of the door and run for the wood . jesse leap down from the top of the train onto pinkerton ! they wrestle , separate . pinkerton stand , reach for he gunbelt . empty . with almost a resign sigh , he look up . jesse 's point the gun at pinkerton 's head . pinkerton do it . jesse fire . angle on pinkerton , stunne to realize he 's still alive . he turn to see parker , fall to the ground , he own gun half - draw , jesse turn the gun on Rain . jesse that be for my ma. now this be for everybody else . pinkerton he 's too important , James . they will set the army on you . you and you wife . jesse stare at Rain , Rain stare back , the tension building ... jesse 's about to shoot ... and say : jesse that be a nice watch you get there . Rain look down at the fob , back up . the tension be not break . jesse ( cont 'd ) I tell you what , I will buy that watch from you , for the fair market price approve by the Department of the Interior : one dollar . Rain hesitates . jesse thumb the hammer back jesse ( cont 'd ) if I be you , I would sell . after this , the price go ... down . Rain toss the watch to jesse as jesse simultaneously flip Rain a dollar coin with he free hand . jesse hold up the watch . jesse ( cont 'd ) now every time you go to look at this watch and it 's not there , you will remember : you can be stop . pass that down to you son , instead . jesse thumb the hammer forward , lower the gun . Rain fall to he knee , numb from the tension . Frank ride up . jesse empty pinkerton 's gun and hand it to he . pinkerton hold he for a second . pinkerton ( low ) Tennessee . jesse do not understand . pinkerton ( cont 'd ) the railroad have no business in Tennessee . therefore I have no interest in the state of Tennessee . jesse thanks . pinkerton I would just as soon kill you , jesse James . but chase you take up too much of my time . jesse Fair enough . Zee ride up . jesse swing up onto she horse , and then they ride off with Frank . we pull up and away , center on pinkerton , Rain , and revealing the smoking , burn wreckage of the train . ext . hillside field - day most of the gang be mount . Frank , Cole and Bob be stand there , watch . angle on jesse and Zee riding up on one horse . zee you get arrest again , I will kill you . jesse yes mar 'am . zee I can not believe I have to blow up a train for you . jesse you be a hell of a woman . zee do not swear . jesse yes mar 'am . they reach the gang . jesse swing off he horse , get one of Cole 's bear hug . cole miss you , cousin . jesse miss you too , cousin . jesse notice Cole be oddly emotional , but can not quite figure out what 's go on . cole you know , you gettin ' catch , right after leave we , some people think -- jesse pff . all we be through , the think never cross my mind . the two clasp hand . bob thing change when you quit the gang . for example , I be now the one who say " let 's ride . " cole he 's not bad at it . bob it 's tougher than it look . jesse where would you get all this rider ? cole we do not . Zerelda do . turn out you wife make a hell of a outlaw . bob so what 's the plan ? jesse look at Zerelda and Frank . jesse I think my wife and I might go down Tennessee way , buy a farm . ( pause ) Goodbye , boy . the younger smile sadly , but nod . as the younger brother saddle up , comanche Tom lean down from the saddle and shake jesse 's hand . comanche tom you stay out of trouble , jesse . nobody have as much luck as you use up today . angle on jesse get back on he horse with Zee . Frank stand there and watch they . frank I will meet you down there in a few week . jesse see you soon . oh , and I appreciate the distraction back there . frank Hell , they hardly even notice we . jesse and Frank grin . bob let 's ride ! jesse flip the rein and he and Zee ride off , the gang with the younger ride off in the opposite direction . Frank watch they ride away . we hear faintly : zee Tennessee ? jesse I will explain on the way . then it 's Frank alone on the hill . we circle around behind he , come around , see he 's aged a little , circle again and now he 's aged more , we come around one more time and ... ext . hillside near LIBERTY - day - twenty year later ...we complete the circle and see young Frank James be now a older frank jame . still lean , a few wrinkle , a little grey in the hair , dress in expensive turn - of - the-century western clothes . a young man who look remarkably like jesse , jimmy jame , 16 year old , be wait patiently . the two be look down on the town of Liberty , Missouri , which be now swollen five size larger . the Wild West be disappear under road and telegraph wire . jimmy y'know , uncle Frank ... frank yeah , Jimmy ? jimmy ( genially chide ) ... every time you tell that story , you stop there . that 's not how it end . I be five when my dad get shot . frank I know . but that 's how it should have end . you dad and Mom , riding off into a new life , grow old together , happy . they start to walk back to the edge of town . frank ( cont 'd ) allow a man he version of the past . when you get to be my age , you have get enough painful memory , you be allow to soften a few of the edge up . jimmy sound like he be a hell of a man . frank ( chuckle ) that he be . jimmy they be make he a hero now . frank save a lot of folk from the railroad . jimmy but he kill a lot of man , too . frank can not argue that . jimmy so what be he ? frank I think ... he be just a real interestin ' fella to have around . Frank chuckle again at the memory , clap he hand on Jimmy 's shoulder . frank ( cont 'd ) come on , you ma 's probably hold dinner for we . once see the woman blow up a train , do not want to tick she off ... Jimmy grin and the pair walk down the hill . we stay on there back as they continue talk . jimmy ( o.s. ) ( o.s. ) uncle Frank ? frank ( o.s. ) ( o.s. ) yeah Jimmy ? jimmy ( o.s. ) ( o.s. ) how much of that story be true ? frank ( o.s. ) ( o.s. ) everything but the boring part . fade out : end over credit : sepia toned photograph of jesse and zee enjoy they year as farmer , with visitors like frank , and the youngers also include .