" american graffiti " screenplay by George Lucas gloria katz &amp ; willard huyck radio on a dark screen a immense amber light appear and a electric hum begin . the eerie light glow brighter and illuminate a single huge number - - 11 . we hear static and a large vertical band of red float mysteriously across the screen . pull back slowly , we watch the glow band traverse back and forth over the amber light and past more number appear -- 70 ... 90 ... 110 ... 130 . and we begin to hear voice -- strange song , fade conversation and snatch of music drift with static . pull back further , we realize it be a car radio fill the screen and radio station we be hearing , until the indicator stop . there 's a pause ... and suddenly we be hit by a blast - out -of - the-past , rocking and Rolling , turn - up - the-volume , pound intro to a vintage 1962 Golden week - end Radio show -- back when thing be simpler and the music be better . and now a wolf howl shatter through time as the legendary wolfman Jack hit the airwave , he gravel voice shriek and growl while the music pump and grind ... wolfman awwrigght , baay-haay - baay ! I get a oldie for ya - - gonna knock ya right on de flowa -- baay-haay - hee - baay ! the wolfman howl like a soulful banshee as " rock around the clock " blast forth . mel' drive -in --dusk a neon drive - in cast long shadow across a vast parking lot as the sun drop behind a distant hill . a large neon sign buzze in the foreground ... mel' drive - in , while in the background , " rock around the clock " blare from the radio of a beautiful deck and channel , white with red trim , tuck - and - roll ' 58 chevy impala that glide into the drive - in . Main title appear over action . Steve bolander stop the elegant machine and get out . he look around , then walk to the front of the car and lean against the flame - cover hood . Steve be eighteen , good-look in a conservative , button -down , short - sleeve shirt . most likely to succeed , president of he graduate class . he look around the empty drive - in , then hear a funny little horn . a vespa scooter bump into the lot . a young kid wave at he -- and suddenly grab the handlebar again as the scooter nearly topple . Terry field ( " the toad " ) maneuver the scooter next to Steve 's chevy but misjudge and ricochet off the trash can before stop . Terry grin sheepishly . he 's seventeen , short but plenty loud , both vocally and sartorically in he pink and black shirt , levis , and white buck . he look slightly ridiculous but always think he 's project a air of supercool . Steve watch Terry smooth back he shiny ducktail and primp he waterfall to a perfect cascade over he forehead . he unbutton he shirt one more button and lower he pants to look tough . Terry walk over and lean against the flame car , imitate Steve who pay he no mind . in the background , we hear the wolfman howling with the music . the record end and a barrage of humor begin from wolfman Jack . the wolfman be a unseen companion to all the kid . witty and knowledgeable about the trivia that count , he 's they best friend , confidant , and guardian angel . now , a grey , insect - like citroen deux - chevaux putter into the parking lot and stop on the other side of the lot . Steve and Terry watch curt Henderson get out . curt stand by he little car . he 's seventeen , a curly bespectacle , scraggly kid with a summer - grow moustache and a paperback stick in he bermuda short . curt think of himself as the town cynic . in reality , he 's a hopeless romantic . he start over to he buddy . terry hey , whadaya say ? curt ? last night in town , you guy gonna have a little bash before you leave ? steve the moose have be lookin ' for you all day , man . Steve reach into he pocket and hand curt a envelope without say anything . curt open it slowly and pull out a check . curt ( sarcastic ) oh great ... terry whadaya get , whadaya get ? wow -- two thousand dollar . two thousand doll -- !! Steve look at curt suspiciously ; curt seem somehow guilty . steve Mr. jen could not find you , so he give it to I to give to you . he say he 's sorry it 's so late , but it 's the first scholarship the moose Lodge have give out . oh yeah , he say they be all very proud of you . curt hand the envelope back to Steve . curt well ... ah ... why do not you hold onto it for a while ? steve what 's with you ? it 's yours ! take it ! I do not want it . terry I will take it . curt Steve ... ah , I think we would better have a talk . I have get - suddenly a horn honk and they all turn . Laurie Henderson pull into the drive - in and wave to they . she be drive the family 's ' 58 edsel . steve you sister call . I will talk to you later . curt now , Steve ! let she wait . steve okay , make it short and sweet . curt yeah , well ... listen ... ( clear he throat ) I ... I do not think I be go tomorrow . steve what ! come on , what be you talk about ? curt I do not know . I be think I might wait for a year ... go to city -- Laurie honk the horn a couple of time . Steve ignore she . there be a long moment and curt look uncomfortable . steve you chicken fink . curt wait , let I explain -- steve you can not back out now ! after all we go through to get accept . we be finally get out of this turkey town and now you want to crawl back into you cell -- look , I gotta talk to Laurie . ( he hand the check back to curt ) now take it . we be leave in the morning . okay ? suddenly , there 's a ear-splitt roar and they all turn as a yellow ' 32 Ford deuce coupe - - chop , lower and sport a hemi-v8 -- bump into the lot . the low sling classic rumble and park at the rear of the drive in . Big John milner , twenty -two , sit in he Ford , tough and indifferent , puffing on a camel . he wear a white T-shirt and a butch haircut mold on the side into a ducktail . a cowboy in a deuce coupe -- simple , sentimental and cocksure of himself . steve you wanna end up like John ? you can not stay seventeen forever . curt I just want some time to think . what 's the rush ? I will go next year . steve we will talk later . Steve walk off toward Laurie 's edsel . Laurie get out . she 's wear a letterman 's sweater with a large " class of ' 62 " emblazon on the shoulder . Steve go to she and they hug . on the radio , the music end , and the wolfman 's intro tune come on . radio ( sing ) " here come the wolfman -- wolfman Jack ! " wolfman ( v.o. ) oh , we be gonna rock and roll ourselves to death baby . you get the wolfman Jack show ! mel' drive -in --night as the radio blare " sixteen candle , " we see that with the darkness Burger City have come alive . a continual line of hot rod pull into the parking lot to check out the park car , then return to the maindrag . carhop glide by on roller skate . curt and John be fool around in front of the deuce coupe . a horn honk and they turn as a ' 60 Ford with three girl in it slow by they . a girl lean out the window and smile . girl hi John ! the girl in the car all screech and giggle as they zoom off . JOHN not too good , huh ? curt why be it every girl that come around here be ugly ? or have a boyfriend ? where be the dazzle beauty I have be search for all my life ? John watch the procession of gleam car travel through the hot night . JOHN I know what you mean . the pickin 's be really gettin ' slim . the whole strip be shrink . ah , you know , I remember about five year ago , take you a couple of hour and a tank full of gas just to make one circuit . it be really something . ' suddenly , in the distance , there 's a blood -curdle scream from a incredible high - performance engine . the entire drive - in stop and listen . curt hey , John . someone new in town . JOHN ahhh . curt you gonna go after he ? JOHN hey , listen , Professor , if he can not find I , then he be not worth racin ' , right ? curt the big shot ! across the swarm parking lot , Steve sit in the front seat of he chevy with Laurie . budda macrae , a car hop , lean down to attach a tray to Steve 's window , show off she tight blouse . budda a cherry - vanilla coke and a chocolate mountain . anything else you want , Steve ? ( Steve shake he head . ) if there be you let I know now . just honk and I be yours . she tuck in she blouse a little tighter , give he a hot look and go to get the other tray . budda take the other tray around the car , almost shove it in the window where Laurie be sit . budda one fries -- grab it before I drop it . she give Laurie a antagonistic look and go off . Steve laugh . Laurie smile . she 's seventeen , very pretty , with big doe -eye , and a short bobbe hairdo . she push up the sleeve on Steve 's letterman sweater , which be size too large for she . his class ring glint on a chain around she neck . Laurie be sweet , the image of vulnerability , but with a practical and self - preserve mind beneath . steve where be I ? laurie um , how you think high school romance be goofy and we start go together just because you think I be kinda cute and funny , but then you suddenly realize you be in love with I , it be serious ... and ah ... oh , you be leadin ' up to something ' kinda big . steve you make it sound like I be give dictation . well , seriously , what I mean be , that ah ... since we do care for each other so much , and since we should really consider ourselves as adult . now , I , ah ... could I have a couple of that fries ? through the windshield of the chevy , they see Terry run by in front of they , chase budda macrae who 's outdistance he on she roller skate . terry : come on , budda . come on ... Steve watch they go by , then look back at Laurie . steve ah , where be I ? laurie ... " consider ourselves adult " ... Laurie pretend to be interested in she french fries , but be obviously expect something big . steve right ... right ... anyway , I think maybe , before I leave , we could ah ... agree that ... that see other people while I be away can not possibly hurt , you know ? Laurie have not look up but she mood have change like a mask . laurie you mean dating other people ? steve I think it would strengthen we relationship . then we would know for sure that we be really in love . not that there 's any doubt . Steve smile and then look to she . he stop smile . they listen to the radio for a awkward moment . Laurie struggle to hold back she tear . with obvious difficulty , she turn to he and smile . he 's expect something different and do not know what to do , so he smile back . laurie I think you be right . I mean , we be not kid anymore , and it 's silly to think that when we be three thousand mile apart we should not be able to see other people and go out . Laurie take he ring on the chain from around she neck and put it in she purse . steve Laurie , now , listen , I do not ask for that back . I think that ... laurie I know . I just sort of think it 's juvenile now . I will keep it at home . it 's less conspicuous there . steve you do not want to wear it ? laurie I do not say that . I understand and I be not upset . I mean , I can not expect you to be a monk or something while you be away . Steve just look at she and nod . the wolfman howl a intro to " gee " by the crow . outside , skooting around the drive - in after budda , Terry be plead with the sexy car hop as she deliver a tray to a car . terry ... and I have a really sharp record collection . I even have " pledge my Love " by johnny Ace . anyway , how can you love Nelson when he 's go out with Marilyn gator . since he dumped on you maybe we could -- budda he do not dump on I , you little dip . hi , Steve ! her tone change immediately . Terry look sour and turn around to Steve who 's get out of the chevy . budda leave , wiggling she butt for Steve . terry she 's a little conceit -- just play hard to get . steve listen , I come over here to talk to you about -- terry any time , buddy . I be you man . nothing I like better than chew the rug with a pal . you talk , I will listen . I be all ear . shoot . steve shut up . terry sure . steve Terry , I be go to let you take care of my car while we be away -- at least until Christmas . I be afraid if I leave it with my -- Steve notice Terry be not with he any more and turn . Terry be stand freeze to a spot . steve what 's wrong ? Terry try to talk , much like a shell - shocked war veteran . his mouth move but only a gurgle come out . curt be stand by the chevy , talk with he sister Laurie . she 's still upset by what Steve say to she . curt hey , sis -- what 's wrong ? laurie nothing . meanwhile , they watch Terry as Steve explain to he about the car . steve now listen , only 30 weight castrol - R. I have write the tire pressure and stuff on a pad in the glove compartment . be you listen ? the other be watch now as Terry shake he head mechanically . curt what 's wrong , he 's cry ! there be indeed a tear roll down Terry 's cheek . terry I can not ... believe ... it . ( he start toward the car and gently caress its paint . ) I do not know what to say . I will ... love and protect this car until death do we part . ( he circle the car . ) this be a superfine machine . this may even be better than daryl starbird 's superfleck moonbird . it be better than daryl starbird 's . Laurie watch Terry , realize that like the car , she will be leave behind as a fond memory . she turn and look at Steve , who 's be watch she . there 's a moment between they ... budda come by with a empty tray . Terry see she and wipe he eye . he walk up to she , a strange look on he face . terry budda , how would you like to go to the drive - in movie with I ? the idea be so preposterous that even budda be speechless . she look around at other . budda you have get to be kid ! terry would I kid you about a thing like that ? I want you to know that something have happen to I tonight that be go to change everything . I have get a new ... John walk up quietly and casually pull down hard on the back pocket of Terry 's low riding levis . there be general hysteria as Terry quickly pull up he pants . terry car !! all right , who 's the wise -- ( he turn and see John and change he tune . ) oh , John - - verrry funny . ( he try to laugh with the other . ) JOHN hey , do she do that to you ? steve let 's get go . it seem like we have spend most of we life in this parking lot . terry hey , curt , let 's bomb around , I wanna try out my new wheel ! curt I would like to , toad , but I be go with Steve and Laurie to the hop . I would just slow you down anyway . terry yeah , tonight thing be go to be different . JOHN hey , wait a minute , you be goin ' to the hop ? the freshman hop ? curt yeah . JOHN oh , come on , man . that place be for kid . you two just get you ass out of there . do not go back now . curt you be not get no emotion ? terry we be gonna remember all of the good time , be what we be gonna do . JOHN yeah , well , go . curt why do not you come with we ? JOHN bullshit , man ! curt come on . for old time 's sake . JOHN yeah , yeah ... well , listen . you go . go ahead , curtsy , baby . you go on over there and you remember all the good time you will not be have . I be not goin ' off to some goddamn fancy college . I be stayin ' right here . havin ' fun , as usual . John walk angrily to he coupe , get in and slam the door . curt look at the other and shrug . terry Jesus , milner , you be in a great mood tonight . curt go over and stand by the window of the yellow coupe . curt what 's the matter John ? do I say something ' wrong ? I be sorry . JOHN ah , man , it 's nothin' . curt well , we will see you later , okay ? JOHN right . curt we will all do something ' together . you know , before Steve leave . John look at he suspiciously . JOHN okay , wait a minute . now , you be not go ? curt I do not know . John shake he head . on the radio , wolfman be take a call from a listener -- man ( v.o. ) wolfman ? wolfman ( v.o. ) who be this ? man this be Joe ... in Little rock , way down in the Valley . wolfman you callin ' from Little rock , California ? man Long distance . wolfman my , my , my ... listen , man , what kind of entertainment you get in that town ? man all we get be you . John roar he engine and pull the yellow deuce coupe into a screeching take - off out of the drive - in . Terry and curt watch he go off . MAIN STREET , modesto - night during the day , G street be a line of use car lot , small shop , tacky department store and greasy spoon . at night , it be transformed into a endless parade of kid in flame , lower and custome machine who rumble down the one way street , through the seemingly adultless , heat - drugge little town . Police car glide ominously with the flow of traffic . in park car , couple neck between flash headlight . guy look cool in a ' 56 chevy sit in the slouched position of the true low Rider -- and over it all the music and the wolfman can be hear . just now , it 's " runaway " by Del Shannon . John travel with the flow of traffic , watch some dopey guy shoot squirt gun from a move car . John drive the deuce coupe effortlessly . he look over at a car pace alongside of he own . JOHN hey , Zudo . a sweaty look guy turn and nod from the window . pazudo hey , milner . JOHN hey , man , what happen to you flathead ? pazudo huh ? JOHN what happen to you flathead ? pazudo ah , you mother ! JOHN what ? pazudo you mother . hey , we be talkin ' about you . JOHN yeah ? pazudo yeah . there 's a very wick ' 55 chevy lookin ' for you . JOHN yeah , I know . pazudo watch out for the cop that 's in Jerry 's cherry . JOHN yeah . all right , thanks . John nod and the two car pull apart down the street . traveling G STREET -steve's white ' 58 chevy the rock and Roll blare as Terry the toad cruise along the main drag , sing along with the music . sitting low in he seat , he look around , he face aglow , experience a new world from the inside of a really fine car . this be the great thing that have happen to Terry in seventeen long year of be a short loser . Terry turn a corner and another car pull alongside . a guy look out the window . guy hey , toad . Terry look over and smile coolly , proud of he new wheel . guy ( lean out the window ) be that you in that beautiful car ? ( Terry nod modestly ) geez , what a waste of machinery . Terry 's smile change to a scowl as the car pull away from he .. Terry account the slight to jealousy . then he forget it and enjoy drive the beautiful chevy again . another car pull alongside of he as he cruise along slowly . girl hey , kid . Terry look over at the car cruise next to he . in the back seat , a guy have drop he trousers and be push he bare buttock against the side window - - a classic BA complete with press ham . Terry look away , wonder why this be still happen to he , even in he new car . traveling G STREET -laurie' ' 58 edsel curt be in the back seat gaze out the window at the dark main street of the small farm community . Steve and Laurie be talk quietly in the front seat . Laurie be sit near the window and it sound like Steve be convincing she to move over . Laurie finally do . his arm go around she and she head rest on he shoulder . curt be laugh as the wolfman harass someone on the radio . the wolfman be place a call . wolfman ( v.o. ) here we go with another call out of the station . can you dig it ? answer the phone , dummy . man ( v.o. ) pinkie 's pizza wolfman ah , yeah , listen , you get any more of that secret agent spy-scope ? man hit parade on the stethoscope ? wolfman no . no , the secret agent spy-scope , man . that pull in the moon , the sky and the planet ... and the satellite and the little bitty space man . man you must have the wrong number , partner . wolfman ' bye . wolfman cut into " why do fool fall in Love . " curt be laugh in the back of the car , as he listen to the ever - present d.j . Steve slow the edsel to a stop at the next light . curt glance over at a classic white ' 56 thunderbird and sit up . in the t-bird , a girl watch he . blonde , beautiful , she hair , backlit by a use car lot , seem to glow , make she look almost ethereal . curt do not move , as if afraid of scare she away . she smile faintly --- then say something , so softly it 's lose ... curt what ? curt struggle to lower he window . she repeat it , but he can not hear . the light change . she smile once more and be go . curt ( shouting ) what ? what ?!!! steve we do not say anything . curt Quick ! hang a right ! steve what ? why ? curt cut over to G Street , I have just see a vision ! she be a goddess . you have get to catch she ! steve I do not see anything . laurie we be not go to spend the night chase girl for you . curt I be tell you , this be the most perfect , dazzle creature I have ever see . steve she 's go . forget it . curt she speak to I . she speak to I , right through the window . I think she say , " I love you . " curt look at he sister and Steve in the front seat . they be bored by he romantic vision . curt that mean nothing to you people ? you have no romance , no soul ? she -- someone want I . someone roam the street want I ! will you turn the corner ? Laurie look around at he and seem to pity he flight of poetic fantasy . curt sit back and shake he head . parking lot Big John sit in he deuce coupe , back into the parking lot of the acme fall -out shelter Co. , the prime spot in town for girl watch . a guy in wrap -around dark glass lean by the car next to John . they watch a group of laugh girl cruise by in a studebaker . JOHN oh , oh. later . guy alligator . John turn on he light and swing the deuce coupe out into the flow of traffic , after the studebaker . John accelerate and pull alongside the studebaker . the girl in the front seat roll down she window . John grin and yell over at the carload of cuty . JOHN hey , you be new around here . where be you from ? first girl turlock . JOHN turlock ? you know a guy name Frank bartlett ? first girl no. do he go to turlock High ? JOHN well , he use to . he go to j.c. now . first girl do you go to j.c .? JOHN yeah , sure . first girl oh , wow ! do you know guy Phillips ? JOHN yeah , sure . I get he in a class . first girl he 's so boss . JOHN how would you like to ride around with I for awhile ? first girl I be sorry , I can not . I be go steady . JOHN ah , come on ! first girl I just can not . JOHN you be just ridin ' around with a bunch of girl . hey , how about somebody else in there ? anybody else want to go for a ride ? the girl chatter and giggle among themselves . one of the girl dangle a bra out the back window , and they all break into hysterical laughter . the girl try to accelerate ahead , but John stay alongside they car . JOHN aw , come on ... I get plenty of room . it 's dangerous to have that many people in a car . cop see ya , you be have . you get nothing to fear , I be as harmless as a baby kitten . a small voice rise above the chatter . carol I will go . I will go . first girl Judy 's sister want to ride with you . be that all right ? JOHN ( grin ) yeah , sure , Judy -- she sister - - she mother -- anybody . I will take them all . listen , we will go up and stop at that light . it will turn red by the time we get there . all right ? the first girl grin and nod . John wink at she . JOHN you ever get tired of go steady with somebody that be not around -- I be up for grab . the car stop at the light . a girl rush out from the studey and run around the back of John 's coupe . she open the door and climb in fast as the light change . the studebaker pull off fast . John push through the gear and turn and smile at he pick - up , as " that will be the Day " play on the wolfman Jack show . JOHN so , you be Judy 's little sister . Carol morrison shake she head . she be thirteen year old , very cute -- wear blue jeans , sneaker and a " dewey Webber surf board " T-shirt which hang to she knee . John seem slightly panicked . JOHN ah , shit , -- how old be you ? carol Old enough . how old be you ? JOHN I be too old for you . carol you can not be that old . JOHN listen , listen . I think you better go back and sit with you sister . hey , ah ... where be they , anyway ? they comin ' back or somethin' ? this be a joke , right ? this better be a joke , ' cause I be not drivin ' you around . carol but you ask I . what 's the matter ? be I too ugly ? ( on the verge of tear ) Judy do not want I with she and now you do not want I with you . nobody want I ... even my mother and father hate I . everybody hate I . JOHN no they do not . I mean , I do not know , maybe they do . but I do not . it 's just that you be a little young for I . carol I be not ! if you throw I out I will scream . JOHN ok , ok , just stay cool . there 's no need to scream . we will think of something . ( he look at she as she wipe she eye . ) it should not take too long to find you sister again . suddenly , a car horn honk next to they . John look over at the car . voice ( o.s. ) hey John -- you gonna be there tonight ? JOHN oh , shit ! hey , get down ! John grab Carol by the neck and push she head down onto he lap so she can not be see . John casually wave to the friend in the car cruise alongside . JOHN hey , cool ... Carol 's head be be hold down on he lap . she look up at he . carol hey , be this what they call copping a feel ? John jump , and immediately let go of she as if burn . JOHN no ! uh uh. n- o. do not even say that . Jesus ... John be beginning to sweat now . carol what 's you name ? JOHN mud , if anybody see you . cruising G street-steve's '58 chevy Terry continue to cruise the main drag , slouched low and look cool in he newly acquire machine . he adjust he waterfall curl as the wolfman dedicate a list of song . he pass a group of guy bullshit around the raise hood of a soupe - up park car . Terry cruise alongside two girl in a Ford . he revs the engine to get they attention and once he have it he motion to roll down they window . they flip he the bird instead and he let they pass . Terry pull up to a stop light . the car next to he be a ' 56 Ford - - a good opponent and besides , the kid drive look young than Terry . terry what you get in there , kid ? kid more than you can handle . Terry revs he engine . so do the Ford . the tension mount . the green arrow for the leave turn lane flash on , the car on Terry 's other side move off , and before he can control he reflex , Terry , too , have shot into the intersection while the light remain red ! Terry quickly shift and return to the start position . the other driver be grin . Terry be flustered and embarrassed . Terry revs the chevy a couple more time , concentration intently this time on the right light . Green !... the Ford bolt into the intersection . Terry likewise floor the gas pedal and go crash backwards into a large buick . Terry be stunne for a moment , then realize he forget to shift into first . he fumble to get the car into first gear . a distinguished look man come up to he window after inspect the damage . Terry try to escape , but in he panic the engine die . he struggle to start it . older man Excuse I , but I think we have have a accident . terry well , goddamnit , I will not report you this time , but next time just watch it , will ya ? Terry roar off in a cloud of indignant smoke , leave the gentleman stand in the street look dismay . the car behind he begin to honk they horn and shout crudity . used car lot Terry pull up in front of a use car lot and jump out to inspect the damage to Steve 's chevy . he rub a small scratch on the back fender , but it will not disappear . as he spit on it , a slick , baggy - suite car salesman amble up . salesman I will give you $ 525 for she on a practically new corvette ... and on top of this , I be go to know 10 % off the low price of this beautiful vette . I be talk about only $ 98 down and $ 98 a month . now , how be I able to make you this incredible offer ? I will tell you ! I be force to move all the sporty car off the lot as quickly as I can . boss 's order . he do not want them . I think it 's a mistake , but what can I do ? Terry begin to get worried as the salesman begin to fondle he new chevy . he become frighten as the salesman attempt to drag he over to one of the ' vettes . finally Terry break away and jump back into he car and the salesman continue to rave on as Terry drive away . high school gym -- " at the hop " herbie and the heartbeat , wear they match red blazer , rock into a raunchy rendition of they masterpiece -- herbie and the heartbeat one , two , three , four - - one , two three , four -- bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... bah ... at the hop !! pull back from the bandstand , we see the dewey High School gym -- the basketball net swing back and drape with crepe , the light half - low , the noise high , and the wax floor be polished and pound by stockinge foot as a seethe mob of adolescent join in that ancient rite -- the hop . a hundred of they be dance and sway while the band gyrate on a raise platform . kid on wooden bleacher watch the whirling and spin mass of ponytail and ducktail , button-down shirt and mid calf skirt , cardigan sweater with little belt in the back . the girl ' lavatory Laurie stand in front of a mirror in a line of other girl . she brushes she hair , stare rather despondently at herself in the mirror . the girl next to she be peg fuller , a cute cheerleader . peg hey , why be you so depressed ? you will forget he in a week . listen , after you be elect senior queen you will have so many boy after you bod -- laurie I do not want to go out with anybody else . peg Laurie , I know it 's a drag but you can not -- remember what happen to Evelyn chelnick ? when Mike go to the Marines ? she have a nervous breakdown and be act so wacky she get run over by a bus . laurie I just wish I could go with he or something . peg Laurie , jeez ... come on . boy' lavatory we move down a row of sink at which guy be work as intently on they coiffure as the girl . ducktail be smoothe ; glassy waterfall be primp ; the front of crew cut be wax to stand stiff . Steve stand look at himself , then glance at Eddie quentin stand next to he , dabbing something on he face . steve what 's that ? Eddie jerk he hand down and hide something . eddie what 's what ? Steve turn and pull Eddie 's hand up . steve hey , zit make - up ! ( laugh ) wait till I tell -- hey , everybody , Eddie - - eddie come on , Steve - - do not . just cool it . he take he pimple cream back and Steve continue to laugh . he stop slowly and look at himself again in the mirror . he find something on he neck , look around at Eddie . steve ( quietly ) let I see some of that stuff . Eddie give he the tube and Steve dab it on he neck . eddie you leave tomorrow ? Steve nod . eddie you and Laurie engage yet ? steve no , but we get it work out . we be still go together but we can date other people . eddie and screw around -- I hear college girl really give out . suddenly a voice shout " one-two - - " they turn to see a guy at every toilet hit the flusher on " Three , " send a torrent of water down the pipe . suddenly , there 's a rumbling noise as the pipe break and water gush over the floor . panic ! everybody crash for the door , laugh and shove each other . high school gym the guy tumble out the lavatory door and abruptly cool it as a dumb-look paunchy teacher stop and look they over , rock on he heel . they escape quietly . Steve and Eddie meet Laurie come out of the girl ' lavatory with peg . they be watch the dancer as hervie and he band moan through a slow number - - " she 's so Fine . " steve come on . laurie come on what ? steve let 's dance . laurie no thanks . steve Laurie , I want to dance . laurie who 's stop you ? Eddie and peg be listen and watch . Steve smile at they like everything 's okay . he glare at Laurie . steve ( under he breath ) Laurie , I think since this be we last night together for 3 month , you might want to dance with I . laurie how sentimental . you will be back at Christmas . steve I want to dance now , not at Christmas . he take she arm , which she pull away . laurie get you cooty off I -- Eddie and peg be watch with great interest . Steve smile at they again . then he lean down and whisper something to Laurie . laurie go ahead , slug I , scar my face . I would not dance with you if you be the last guy leave in this gym . eddie uh , peg , I think we should dance . peg no , this be get good . laurie I will dance with you , Eddie . you do not mind , do you , Peggy ? she take Eddie by the hand and leave Steve fume with peg . peg Joe College strike out . Steve give she a snide look , then watch Laurie and Eddie laugh , as they join in the stroll . the whole gym be strol in unison , like some strange musical military formation . high school hallway the stroll music float from the gym down the empty hall . curt walk along with he hand in he pocket . one last trip down the grey , locker - line corridor . he slow and stop by locker 2127 . he smile a little , then flip the dial of the lock . once to the right -- back to the leave -- then to the right again . curt hit the handle . it do not open . change already . he shrug and go off down the hallway . high school gym curt walk in the background , behind the line of kid clap as one couple stroll down between they . then curt hear somebody call he . mr. wolfe ( o.s. ) hey --curtis ! curt wander over toward a young teacher , Mr. wolfe , who be surround by a group of admire ( and grade - seek ) girl . Mr. wolfe wear ivy league clothes and be about twenty - five , not much older than he student . mr. wolfe curtis , come here . help I , will you ? I be surround . girl you will not dance ? come on . mr. wolfe no , really , I would like to , but I can not . I mean , if old Mr. Simpson come in here and see I dance with one of you sexy little - - excuse I ... one of you young lady , he would have my rear end . girl aahhh . the all giggle . Mr. wolfe shrug at curt and head for a door . curt follow he and they escape from the girl into the night . outside the gym curt and Mr. wolfe come out of the gym . Mr. wolfe see a couple of guy skulking around in the shadow smoking cigarettes and laugh . the music have change to " see you in September . " mr. wolfe hey , Warren . come on , gentleman , back inside . put them out . let 's go . curt ( grin as he pull out a pack of cigarettes ) kid ... want one ? mr. wolfe ( take one from the pack ) all right . hey , I think you would leave . curt no , not yet . ( look for match ) I have no match . Mr. wolfe take out a pack of match and light both they cigarettes . they walk down a chain - link fence , past dark , venetian - blind classroom . mr. wolfe brother , how do I get stick with dance supervision ? will you tell I that ?... you go back East ? Boy , I remember the day I go off . get drunk as hell the night before . just -- curt blotto . mr. wolfe blotto. exactly . barfed on the train all the next day . curt ( grin ) cute . very cute . where would you go again ? mr. wolfe middlebury . vermont . get a scholarship . curt and only stay a semester . mr. wolfe ( smile and nodd ) one semester . and after all that , I come back here . curt why ? mr. wolfe ( shrugging ) decide I be not the competitive type . I do not know ... maybe I be scared . curt well , you know I might find I be not the competitive type myself . mr. wolfe what do you mean ? curt well , I be not really sure that I be go . mr. wolfe hey , now -- do not be stupid . go. experience life . have some fun , curtis . then a voice call from the shadow . jane ( o.s. ) Bill ? they turn and see a girl come out of a doorway . Mr. wolfe look at Jane , one of he student , but do not say anything . jane I mean -- Mr. wolfe . can I speak with you a minute . ( she smile at curt . ) hi , curt . curt Jane ... he look at Mr. wolfe , who seem a little embarrassed . then , Mr. wolfe stick out he hand . mr. wolfe anyway -- good luck , curtis . curt shake he hand . curt yeah ... I will see you . thanks a lot . curt walk back toward the gym . look around , he see Mr. wolfe stand in the shadow with the girl , talk intimately . curt turn away and go off . before go back into the gym , curt stop . he see a white t-bird park among a row of car in the parking lot . he walk -- then start run toward the car . there 's a blonde sit in the front seat make out with some guy . curt lean down to the window and be about to say something to he dream girl . but she turn and he see it 's not she . her boyfriend glare at he like he 's some kind of peeping Tom . curt back away awkwardly , try to smile . he leave . cruising MAIN STREET --'32 deuce coupe the yellow Ford coupe be glide down the street --skimm around corner gracefully as the night light glide up its lacquer hood . Inside the car , Carol glance at John and smile . the wolfman be howling on the radio . wolfman ( v.o. ) a wolfman exclusive for ya now . the Beach boy , baby , a brand new group . I predict they gonna go a long way . this be call " surfin ' safari . " Carol be continue to jabber on , relate past adventure with she little friend . John be unimpress . carol so the next night we find out where they park and go out with ammunition . JOHN do not you have homework or something to do ? carol no sweat -- my mother do it . anyway , he think he be have . he start the car and could not see through the windshield -- and zoom straight into the canal -- it be a riot . John smile sarcastically . carol I still get some , so do not try anything . she take a pressurize can of shave cream and squirt he nose . he swipe the shave cream on he nose -- swerving -- a car honk . JOHN hey , watch it will ya ! Jesus Christ , thanks a lot . ( look at she angrily ) hey , drivin ' be a serious business . I be not havin ' no accident because of you . Carol sink into she corner of the car . she stick she tongue out for a quick moment . JOHN ( catch she look ) come on , do not give I any grief . I be warning ya . carol spare I , killer . he stare at she and she shut up . " surfin ' safari " be blaring on the radio and she start twist with the music . John turn the radio off . carol why would you do that ? JOHN I do not like that surfing shit . rock and Roll 's be go downhill ever since buddy Holly die . carol do not you think the Beach boy be boss ! JOHN you would , you grungy little twerp . carol grungy ? you big weenie , if I have a boyfriend he would pound you . JOHN ( look in the rear - view mirror ) sure - - ah , shit , holstein ! she look around , and see a police car follow they , bubble light aglow . carol good , a cop -- I be go to tell he you try to rape I . John pull the car over and stop . JOHN oh , no -- no . hey -- carol it 's past my curfew . I be go to tell he how old I be , my parent do not know I be out and you try to rape I . Boy , be you up a creek . John look at she . JOHN hey -- ah , really -- do not say anything . she look at he . carol if you say " I be a dirty bird . Carol 's not grungy , she 's bitchin' . " the cop be tapping at John 's window . John wipe he face . carol say it -- I will tell he . JOHN ( quietly ) I be a dirty bird , Carol 's not grungy , she 's bitchin . ' carol okay -- I will think about it . " the great imposter " can be hear on the pass car radio . John roll down he window . he look at the surly cop . holstein where you go , milner ? JOHN I be go home -- sir . holstein where you be , milner ? JOHN ah - - at the movie -- sir . holstein milner , you be not around the 12th and G street at about 8:30 , be you ? JOHN no , I wa at the movie -- like I say -- sir . holstein look at he , then step back , look at the car . holstein 's only a couple year older than John , but the uniform separate they by light year . holstein uh-huh . milner , the reason I stop you be because the light on you license plate be out . ( open he ticket book ) I be gonna have to cite you for that . and milner , the front end of this ... this ... this thing you be drive look a little low . JOHN oh , no sir . it 's twelve and a half inch . regulation size . now , it 's be check several time . you can check it if you like , sir . holstein just glare at he and then lean in close through the window . holstein look , milner . JOHN yes , sir . holstein you can not fool with the law . JOHN yes , sir . holstein we know that be you tonight . we have a excellent description of this car . I could run you in right now and I could make it stick . but I be not gonna do that , milner , you know why ? John shake he head no . holstein because I want to catch you in the act . and when I do , I be gonna nail you , but good . happy birthday , milner . holstein drop the ticket through the window onto John 's lap . he start back to he patrol car . when he 's out of earshot John answer . JOHN thank you -- asshole . carol ( look over at he ) you be a regular j.d. JOHN here , file that under C.S. over there . Carol take the ticket and open the glove compartment . carol c.s.? what 's that stand for ? JOHN Chicken shit -- that 's what it be . carol oh ... she look amaze as she add the new ticket to a mess of similar ticket cramme in the glove compartment . the police car pull by they . John scowl , then roar he engine and pull back into the stream of traffic . cruising MAIN STREET --steve's '58 chevy Terry be look and feel like he 's get it make . he downshift and slow for a red light . a very mean-look black ' 55 chevy --blown , scoop and slicked -- pull up next to he . the driver , Bob falfa , have a gum - chew girlfriend sit almost on top of he . Terry challenge the ' 55 chevy by revving he engine . Bob falfa do not even look over . he revs he engine -- which sound like a cross between a boe 707 and a superchief . Terry can not believe it . he quit revving he engine -- feel deflate . Terry look over at the snotty grin on falfa 's girlfriend ' face . girlfriend ai not he neat ? Terry do not say anything and Bob falfa glare over at he . falfa hey , you know a guy around here with a piss yellow deuce coupe -- suppose to be hot stuff ? terry you mean John milner ? falfa nod slowly . terry hey , nobody can beat he , man . he 's get the fastest -- falfa I be not nobody , dork . right ? terry right ... falfa hey , you see this milner , you tell he I be lookin ' for he , huh ? tell he I aim to blow he ass right off the road . girlfriend ( give another snotty smile ) ai not he neat ? Terry do not say anything . there 's another incredible scream as falfa roar off , leave Terry to stare through he smoke . Terry accelerate the ' 58 chevy - - at a prudent speed . as the radio blare " almost grown , " Terry glide past the light store slowly , take in everything with wide eye from he beautiful new car . Terry pass a steaming rear- end collision at a intersection where two guy and two girl be all yell . then , suddenly , he spot a girl -- walk - - alone . his mouth drop open in amazement as he slow to a crawl . Debbie , nineteen , with blonde hair , wear a blue and white spaghetti - strap dress , stroll along the sidewalk . Terry roll the powerful engine , but she ignore he . as he pass she , he speed up . terry what a babe ... what a bitchin ' babe ... and wolfman baby , she 's all mine . Terry tear around the corner and start he approach once more . he quickly whip out he comb , touch up he hair and settles down into a comfortable slouch . terry okay , honey , here I come -- James Dean life ! he hit the clutch , roar the engine a couple more time and then --disaster . Debbie pass behind some rough look dude on motorcycle , park along the curb . one especially vicious biker turn and look at Terry as he pass . Terry roar off around the block . terry stay cool , honey -- do not let that creep bug you . wolfman , please do not let that creep bug she ... please . as Debbie pass the biker , they hoot , holler , and make barnyard noise . from the cat call , and Debbie 's manner it seem obvious that Debbie be a girl a lot of boy have " know . " she have walk clear of the biker as Terry screech around the corner again . he pull up alongside she and again slow to a crawl . the pass each other for awhile , but she do not look over . terry hi! ( lowering he voice ) hello ... bueno noches ? need a lift ? Nice night for a walk ? do you know John milner ? curt Henderson ? sure you would not like a ride somewhere ? do anyone ever tell you that you look just like connie Stevens ? this stop she and she turn -- Terry hit the brake and the car bounce . terry you do ! I mean it ! just like connie Stevens . I meet she once . debbie for real ? terry yeah . at a Dick Clark road show . Debbie start slowly toward the car . debbie you really think I look like she ? terry no shit -- excuse I , I mean I be not just feed you a line . you look like connie Stevens . what 's you name ? debbie Debbie . I always though I look like Sandra Dee . terry oh yeah -- well , you look a lot like she too . debbie this you car ? terry yeah . I be Terry the -- they call I Terry the Tiger . debbie it 's really tough look . terry what school do you go to ? debbie dewey -- can it lay rubber ? terry oh yeah , it 's get a 327 chevy mill with six strombergs . debbie wow --bitchin ' tuck and roll . I just love the feel of tuck and roll upholstery . terry you do ? debbie yeah . terry well , come on in -- I will let you feel it . I mean , you can touch it if you want -- ( realize it 's come out wrong he get nervous ) I mean the upholstery , you know . debbie okay . Terry be elate . he climb out of the car and she slide in the driver 's side . Terry climb back in next to she and slam the door . she 's sit right next to he -- like a real date should . Terry get a little nervous . debbie peel out . terry what ? debbie peel out . I love it when guy peel out . Terry nod , check he clutch , revs the engine to a high - pitch whine and they be off -- the tire smoke , scream , the car shot off , fish - tailing , nearly hit a park car , straighten out ... and disappear down Main Street . high school gym --the hop on stage , the band be " take five . " they be look tough for the girl while the Student body Secretary be make announcement at the mike . girl -- a great band and they come all the way from stockton . let 's hear it . there 's applause as the girl continue . girl and we want to thank darby langdon , who do all this neat decoration . there 's more applause . stand among the crowd , Steve and Laurie both look angry . laurie I do not care if you leave this second . girl ( into the mike ) now the next dance be gonna be a snowball and lead it off be last year 's class president Steven bolander - - and this year 's head cheerleader , Laurie Henderson . there 's applause , whistle and cheer from the crowd . a blue spotlight float over the dance floor and then land on Steve and Laurie , who be in the midst of they argument . steve what 's wrong with you ! you be act like a snotty -- Laurie squint into the spotlight and realize everybody 's watch they . laurie oh God , come on . steve come on what ? laurie ( pull he toward the floor ) oh , Steven - - please , everybody 's watch . smile or something . Steve give a sick smile as she drag he out onto the floor . a record needle scratch and " smoke get in you eye " blare out as Steve and Laurie dance alone in the middle of the floor . the crowd quiet , get a little misty about this soon - to - be separate teenage couple . for they part , Steve and Laurie be argue , whisper in each other 's ear . laurie you think I care if you go off . you think I be go to crack up or something . be you conceit ! steve quit -- quit pinching -- I do not know why I ever start take you out in the first place . he take she hand from the tuck - under - the-chin position and put it around he , in a bear-hug . laurie you take I out ? when we first meet you do not have enough sense to take the garbage out ... I ask you out , remember ? steve what do you mean , you ask I out ! laurie backward day--remember ? if I have wait for you to ask I -- even after that you do not call I for two week . steve I be busy . laurie you be scared . Dave oboler tell I . then when you do ask I out you do not kiss I for three date . steve well -- I be -- laurie scare -- Jim kaylor tell I . I even ask my father why you have not kiss I . steve you father -- great ! laurie he say he think you be bright and you would probably think of kissing I after a while . he moan . laurie you do not , of course . I have to . remember that picnic ? steve out at the canyon ? laurie oh boy ! you can not remember anything -- the first one , up at the lake . that be the first time you kiss I -- I practically have to throw myself at you . steve ( quietly ) I remember . they continue to dance slowly . Laurie start to cry , hat herself for it . Steve loosen a minute and look at she . steve what 's wrong ? laurie go to hell . he hold she tighter and they circle the floor , all alone , the crowd watch quietly , the gym echoing with " smoke get in you eye . " the gym parking lot curt be lean against a car in the parking lot . he 's look up at the star and listen to the music float out from the gym . wendy what be you doin ' , steal hub cap ? a pretty , dark - haire girl , Wendy , slide up next to he and lean against the car . there 's a awkward pause like that which happen often when two people who use to be close meet after thing have change . curt well - -hey , Wendy . wendy how have you be ? curt fine. great . how have you be ? a horn honk and Wendy turn to a vw that 's idling nearby . wendy I be come -- wait a sec. ( turn back to curt ) she 's get she car . hey , I think you be go away to school . curt ah , maybe ... maybe . wendy same old curt . all the time we be go together you never know what you be do ... well , anyway , I gotta go . curt hey , Wendy -- where be you go ? wendy nowhere . curt ( smile at she ) well , you mind if I come along ? wendy ( affectionately ) okay . curt okay . they go off toward the vw and climb in . back inside the gym the hop be almost over and the light have be lower , conservatively . Steve and Laurie hold each other , hardly move and he kiss she . still kissing , they continue to circle slowly -- until a short , totally bald teacher come and poke Steve in the side . mr. kroot all right , bolander , break it up . you know the rule . you and you panting girlfriend want to do that you will have to go someplace else . he give they a disgust look and start off . steve hey , kroot ! the teacher turn , surprised by the omission of " Mr. " steve why do not you go kiss a duck . kroot 's beady eye widen and he come back . kroot what ? what do you say ? steve I say go kiss a duck , marblehead . kroot be stunne and people have stop dance to watch mr. kroot bolander -- you be suspend . you be - - do not even come Monday . you be out ! steve ( smile broadly ) I graduate last semester . suddenly everything have change . Mr. kroot be furious , but unable to do anything . he finally storm off in a huff . Steve , Laurie and the people watch all laugh . steve ( to Laurie ) get you shoe . let 's go before we get throw out . the gym parking lot Steve and Laurie walk toward she edsel . in the background wolfman Jack be take a phone call from someone . man ( v.o. ) hello , wolfman . wolfman ( v.o. ) who 's this ? man this be weird willard . wolfman hold on a minute , let I get my pants off ... you understand ? Steve open the door to the car and then turn Laurie and kiss she . steve why do not we go to the canal ? laurie ( teasing ) what for ? steve listen , I can get tough with you too , you know . laurie yeah , hard tough . she kiss he and they get into the car . as they pull out , the wolfman continue he conversation on the radio . wolfman ( v.o. ) I get them down around my knee , man . wear this tight pants . I can not get them ... all right , I be gonna do my little dance now , man . and the wolfman go into a insane rain - dance rhythm as we hear " Little darlin ' " cruising MAIN STREET --steve's '58 chevy Terry not only look cool now , but be cool , sing with the radio , a girl beside he . hot stuff . Terry ever so slowly try to put he arm around she , but by the time he manage it , he have to shift . they drive by some kid have a car- to - car water pistol war . terry I go to dewey too , ya know . debbie I never see ya . terry I bug out a lot . when I graduate , I be go to join the Marines . debbie they get the best uniform . but what if there 's a war ? terry with the bomb , who 's go to start it ? we would all blow up together . anyway , I would rather be at the front . I be like that -- rather be where the action be , you know . once I get in a fight with -- debbie I love Eddie burn . Terry stop , try to figure out where they conversation go . terry Eddie burn -- oh , yeah , Eddie burn . I meet he once , too . debbie you really think I look like connie Stevens ? I like she -- Tuesday weld be too much of a beatnik , do not you think ? terry yeah , beatnik be loser . debbie who do you like ? I mean , singer and stuff . Terry slowly maneuver he arm around she . terry ah hell -- I like most of the people you like . debbie ( put she head on he shoulder ) that 's nice -- we get a lot in common . both of they start sing with the radio . suddenly she put she hand on he leg . debbie you know what I would like more than anything in the world right now ? Terry almost do a comic strip " gulp ! " debbie I would love a double chubby Chuck . be not that what you would like more than anything right now ? terry ( quietly ) sure ... mel' drive -in the endless chrome - flash parade continue . among the line of fine car , Terry be park in the ' 58 chevy next to a order speaker on a metal pole . Terry lean out the car window and order into the intercom . terry a double chubby Chuck , a mexicali chili barb , two order of french fries -- debbie and cherry coke . the intercom click on and a garble voice squawk back at he . intercom ark , wark , dork . terry ( push the button ) now wait a minute . what ? huh ? intercom ark , wark , dork . terry yeah , right . cool . as they wait for they order , several guy in various pass car yell sleazy greeting to Debbie . suddenly , a rough - look face , belong to Vic lozier , pop in she window . VIC hey , Deb . how 's my soft baby ? debbie beat it , Vic . I be not you baby . Terry nervously pretend not to hear . VIC oh , come on , honey . so I never call you back . I have be , you know , busy ... debbie Three week ... besides , it only take one night for I to realize that if brain be dynamite , you could not blow you nose . VIC look who 's talk . who 's the wimp you be hang out with now ? Einstein ? debbie Tiger happen to be very intelligent . unlike you . I know every thing you dirty little mind be think ... ( she look out the window , down at Vic 's pants ) ... it show ... terry hey , now -- ( he voice crack ) I mean , hey now , buddy , the lady obviously do not -- VIC look , creep , you want a knuckle sandwich ? terry ah , no thanks , I be wait for a double chubby -- Chuck ... VIC then shut you smart ass mouth ! I will call ya , Deb , some night when I be hard up . debbie I will not be home . Vic make a kiss - off noise . she light a match and flick it at he . he finally leave . terry you seem to , ah - - know a lot of weird guy . debbie that sex fiend be not a friend of mine ; he 's just horny . that 's why I like you , you be different . terry I be ? you really think I be intelligent ? she move very close to he and whisper in he ear . debbie yeah . and I will bet you be smart enough to get we some brew . terry brew ? debbie yeah . terry brew ... oh -- yeah ... oh , sure ... ( she kiss he ) yes ! liquor ! this place be too crowded anyway . Terry back out and drive off , leave the approach car hop stand in a empty parking space . car hop what about you double chubby Chuck , mexicali-chili-barb and ( look at the tray ) -- two cherry coke , sir ? cruising MAIN street-'57 volkswagen we see the white t-bird ahead for just a moment , before it accelerate , pass a car and disappear , as we hear " peppermint twist " from the radio . in the vw , curt be in the back , shaking the driver 's seat , yell at bobbie . Wendy be in front next to bobbie . curt there -- do not you see it ? speed up , you be lose she -- bobbie quit shouting in my ear ! curt cut around he , cut around he . the little vw swerve and cut around a old dagoe dodge , then speed along the fast lane . ahead , we catch a glimpse of the t-bird as it turn a corner . curt there , hang a right -- over there ! bobbie turn , somebody honk , she hit the curb , shifting madly she mis-clutch ; the beetle lug forward ; curt fall back in the seat and Wendy look at he . curt you lose she ! wendy what 's wrong with you ? you know bobbie get nose bleed when she 's upset . bobbie I do not ! you shut up ! curt lose she again . ah , Wendy , my old lover , come back here and console I . wendy eat you heart out . who be she anyway ? curt I do not know , but I be go to find out . bobbie I know she ! there be a few moment of silence as bobbie let curt sweat it out . finally , curt break . curt okay , come on , who be she ? bobbie you know Mr. beeman ? he own hepcat jeweler . curt yeah . bobbie well , she 's he wife . curt but she be young and beautiful , and cruise 10th Street . you be think of someone else . wendy Mr. beeman 's not so old . curt what cruel fate keep I from my true love ? how be I ever go to meet she ? wendy ( to bobbie ) do you know that my ex be go to become a presidential aide ? it 's suppose to be a secret , but he big ambition in life be to shake hand with President Kennedy . how be you go to accomplish that at j.c .? curt maybe I have grow up . maybe I have change my mind . wendy maybe you do not think you can do it ! curt maybe you should shut up ! wendy maybe I will ... and maybe I will not . curt why do not you move you bod into aft chamber , where we might discuss this in private . bobbie ( see that Wendy be consider it ) thanks a lot . curt come on , Wendy ? she do not say anything . they pull up to a stoplight . Wendy look at the red stoplight and then abruptly get out of the car and jump in the back . wendy well , slide over , I be not sit on you lap . she get in and the car go off . in the back seat , curt and Wendy be talk softly . he put he arm around she and she make a face , but do not remove it . bobbie watch in the rear-view mirror , curt see she . curt to the Opera , James . bobbie Drop dead . curt unless you want to go to gallo dam and have a orgy . wendy you wish . curt look at she and turn she head . he kiss she and put he arm around she . they neck . the radio play " Barbara Ann . " the little vw flash by in the stream of traffic . bobbie drive , glance in here rear-view mirror occasionally and also watch the station wagon ahead , in which two pair of foot be dance against the back window . Wendy pull away from curt 's lip and look out the window . wendy I have be silly . I be glad you be go to stay . maybe we will have some class together . curt maybe . bobbie ( from the front seat ) look , there 's kip pullman ! he 's so neat . Wendy turn and lean forward , laugh . curt watch she seriously , study she . bobbie do you know kip ? curt huh ? yeah , I know he . bobbie talk to he when we go by . curt what do you want I to say ? bobbie anything ... I just want to meet he . they pull up next to kip 's car and curt lean forward and yell out bobbie 's window . curt kip , baby , what 's up ? kip Henderson , long time no see . whadaya be do ? curt not much , just want to let you know that bobbie here be hopelessly in love with you and tremble at the sight of you rippling biceps ... bobbie swerve the car away and turn a corner . she stop on a dime at the curb . bobbie you creep , fink , son-of - a-bitch -- she turn and start flail at curt with she purse . curt help , wait ! joke -- joke -- bobbie , remember you nose bleed ! bobbie get out -- get out of my car -- I hate you ! curt Excuse I --ouch -- Wendy -- I get to go now . Wendy be laugh and curt climb over she out of the small car . he get out and close the door . Wendy change seat and look at he seriously . wendy curt , I hope I see you at registration . call I if you want . it be nice see you again . curt see ya . the car pull off and curt watch it . suddenly , he see something -- the t-bird go the other way down the street . curt oh shit -- there !! wait ! the vw 's go and curt start after the t-bird on foot . he run down the middle of the street , oblivious to the horn honk and the car swerving to miss he . we move with curt as he move like a break field runner through the traffic only to finally lose the girl and the thunderbird and to slow and finally stop , stand on the white line . Cars slow down and kid rubberneck as they go by he . cruising G STREET --'32 yellow deuce coupe John be drive and the wolfman be howling on the radio while Carol be have the time of she life . wolfman ( v.o. ) go to a dance lookin ' for romance . found Barbara Ann ... baby ... hey , this one be for all you out there watchin' the submarine race . and the radio moan into " who wrote the Book of Love . " Carol sit with she foot up against the dash . John knock they off and she scowl at he . carol I be so thirsty , I could die . just a little 10 cent coke to wet my whistle . it will not take a minute , I can drink it in the -- John suddenly hit the brake and Carol almost hit the floor . John reach over and open the door . JOHN why do not you just get out and get one then ! so long , goodbye , hasta lumbago . she stare at he , shake , look sweet and helpless . he turn and look at she . a tear roll down she cheek slowly . John can not take it . JOHN all right , one coke and then home . Carol be delighted . she slam the door . John take off . carol be not it great , the way I can cry whenever I want . a lot of people can not do that , but Vicki show I how . I bet you can not cry . JOHN do not count on it . I may surprise you any minute now . mel' drive -in John cruise around the lot until he find a space among the row of dazzle car . he pull in and lean out to hit the intercom button . JOHN ( into intercom ) one ten cent coke . be ice extra ? all right , ice . carol thanks for nothing . she look around , sit up so maybe some of she friend will see she in John 's neat car . carol oh rat , I though some of my friend might be here . JOHN probably a couple of week past they bedtime . carol wait , there 's Dee Dee . I hope she see I . JOHN oh shit , Dee Dee ! a long line of car coast past . occasionally , someone yell a greeting to John . the car hop bring the coke . then a couple , Al and Linda , come over . they lean in the window smile -- John pray they do not see Carol . al hiya , John . say , do you think if I bring my mopar by the shop Monday you could spot weld the bumper bracket ? JOHN have to be before noon . al sure . hey , have you meet Linda ? JOHN no. hi--ahh , this be my , ahh , cousin , Carol . I be kinda babysit tonight . carol babysit !! she slug John on the arm . John grab she arm as she start to swing again . JOHN Jesus -- watch it , will yuh ? ( smile at Al ) be hittin ' I all night . kid will be kid , you know . she struggle to hit he and spill she coke all over the car . he push she rather roughly against the door . JOHN watch out -- damn it ! look what -- why do not you grow up ! ( look at Al again ) we do not get along too well . it 's be like this -- carol you spastic creep ! she be about to really cry this time . she jump out of the car and run off down the street . John wipe he car out as Al and Linda watch in amazement . JOHN we do not get along too well . you know what cousin be like . al yeah ... well , I will see ya on Monday before noon . John mutter profanity to himself , but he anger subside after a few moment . he look back in the direction Carol go . all he can see be two Hell 's angel on chopper roll in the same direction . he look a little concerned and start the coupe . cruising MAIN STREET --'32 yellow deuce coupe John roar along look for she until he see she walk angrily along the sidewalk -- be follow by a Ford full of guy . John pass Carol and the Ford and pull over and stop just ahead of they . Carol stop when she see John . the Ford also stop and the guy call out to she . she consider the situation a moment , then run and get in with John . he pull off and she grin at he happily . carol hi cousin , how 's you bod ? scenic liquor store --steve's '58 chevy Terry pull into the parking lot and stop . he look up at the flash liquor store sign and consider he battle plan . " maybe baby " by buddy Holly be play on the radio . debbie do you have a id ? terry no ... hey , but no sweat . what will it be ? beer , little wine ? debbie if you could get some Old harper , I would give you a french kiss . terry Old harper , rrright ! he give she a ok sign with he finger and go over to the store . he start to enter , then stop and think . he see a man in a business suit approach , and smile . terry Excuse I , sir , while you be in there -- I mean , since you be go in anyway , I wonder if -- man yes , son ? terry could you -- sir -- could you give I the time ? man ( look at he watch ) why sure , it 's a quarter to twelve . terry great . Quarter to twelve . thanks a lot . the man regards he , Terry pretend to start off until the man go in . Terry pull himself together as another man approach , or rather stumble up , be older , scruffy and , essentially , a bum . terry pardon I , sir , but I lose my i.d. in -- in a flood and I would like to get some Old harper , hard stuff . would you mind buy a bottle for I ? the bum be still try to focus on Terry and smile . bum why certainly , I lose my wife , too -- she name be not idy , though , and it be not in a flood -- but I know what ya - - terry thanks , here 's enough for a pint . the old man take the money and fall into the store . Terry watch and then wave to Debbie in the car that everything be cool . as he wait for the bum to come back out , the first man in the suit exit . Terry smile at he again . terry hi. still quarter to twelve . man right -o. night . terry night . the man get into the car and back out . Terry go over to the window of the liquor store and look to see how the wino 's do with he booze . Terry see the liquor store owner set four bottle of cheap wine on the counter . terry ( gesture through the window from outside ) hey , no . not wine . ssss --hey ! the owner turn and see Terry wave . Terry duck out of sight . when he look back again , Terry see the old bum be go ! Terry can not believe it . he finally enter the store . inside the liquor store Terry try to look very casual as he sidle up to the counter . country - western music hum over the liquor in hi - fi . terry ( smile at the owner ) hi there - - ah , say - - be there a old man in here a minute ago ? owner yeah . he go out the back . Terry be destroy . owner you want something ? Terry look at the man and the endless row of liquor behind he . terry yeah -- ah -- let I have a Three musketeer , ah , and a ball point pen the , a comp , a pint of Old harper , couple of flashlight battery and some of this beef jerky . the owner put everything into a bag and start to ring it up . owner okay , get a i.d. for the liquor ? terry a what ? oh , sure -- ( feel he pocket ) oh nut , I leave it -- I leave it in the car . owner sorry , you will have to get it before -- terry well , I can not . I also ah , forget the car . the owner take the liquor out of the bag and put it back on the shelf . Terry stand there . the owner take the money from he and give he he change . outside the liquor store Terry come back to the chevy with the bag full of junk . Debbie smile at he excitedly and scoot over to the window . debbie hey , do ya get it ? ya get it , ya get it ? he hand she the bag . debbie you get it . you get it ! she go through the bag and find a comb and the battery . debbie you do not get it . why do not you get it ? terry ah , well , I need some thing and I think as long as I be in there -- look , Debbie , can you loan I a dollar ? debbie what ? be you for real ? come on . Girls do not pay . guy pay . terry yeah , well , see -- I have only get a fifty and he do not have change . debbie well , I can not believe this ... I really can not believe this . here . she take the money from a squeeze- open plastic change purse and hand it to he . Terry smile weakly and go back to try he luck again at the liquor store . he stop in front of the door as a young guy with numerous tattoo on he bulg arm approach the liquor store . terry hi--excuse I . I be wonder -- could you , ah -- guy buy you a bottle of booze . yeah , I know . you lose you i.d . what kind do you want ? terry ( amaze ) gee , that 's terrific . ah , just some ah -- Old harper . he take Terry 's money and enter the store . the clerk hand the man a bottle of Old harper . Terry wave excitedly to Debbie , lowering he pants a bit . suddenly , there 's a gunshot ! Terry whirl to see the young man stuff cash from the register into he pocket , back away with a smoking gun . he rush out of the store , toss the bottle to Terry and run off into the night . suddenly , the owner emerge from behind the counter , shoot wildly . Terry duck and head for the car with he pint of Old harper . auto wrecking yard John 's ' 32 deuce coupe crunch to a gravelly stop in front of a dark auto-wreck yard . John and Carol get out and climb over the fence . they walk through a valley of twisted , rusting pile of squash , mashed and crush automobile . John stick he hand into he pocket moodily and stop and look at one of the burnt - out car . JOHN that 's freddy benson 's vette ... he get he head on with some drunk . never have a chance . damn good driver , too . what a waste when somebody get it and it be not even they fault . carol need a paint job , that 's for sure . John do not hear she and walk on . JOHN that vette over there . Walt hawkins , a real ding - a-ling . wrapped it around a fig tree out on Mesa vista with five kid in it . draggin ' with five kid in the car , how dumb can you get ? all the ding -a- ling get it sooner or later . maybe that 's why they invent car . to get rid of the ding -a-ling . tough when they take someone with they . carol you never have a wreck though -- you tell I . JOHN I come pretty close a couple of time . almost roll once . so far I have be quick enough to stay out of here . the quick and the dead . carol I bet you be the fastest . JOHN I have never be beat - - lot of punk have try . see that ' 41 Ford there ? use to be the fastest wheel in the valley . I never get a chance to race old Earl . he get he in ' 55 in the hairiest crash ever happen around here . he be racing a ' 54 chevy , bored and load , out on the old oakdale highway and every damn kid in town be out there . the chevy lose its front wheel do about 85 . the idiot have torch the spindle to lower the front end and it snap right off . he slam bam into the Ford and then they both of they crash into a row of car and all that kid watchin ! Jesus , eight kid kill include both driver , look like a battlefield . board of Education be so impressed they film it . show it now in driver Education , maybe you will see it . anyway , since then street racing 's go underground . no spectator , I mean . too bad . carol I would love to see you race . Carol take he hand and they walk a bit , until John realize what he 's do , and drop she hand and pull away . JOHN come on ! none of that . carol whadaya mean ? I be the one who 's suppose to say that . whadaya afraid of ? I will keep it above the waist . JOHN funny ... ( he look at she for a moment ) who know , in a few year -- but not now , bunny rabbit . carol Bunny rabbit ! oh brother , you be such a drip . she stomp off and get back into the coupe , quickly roll up all the window . John saunter up and find the door lock . JOHN come on , open the door . carol if you say " Carol 's not a bunny , she 's a foxy little tail . " John grin and start to pull he key out of he pocket . he stop grin : Carol grin and dangle he key inside the car . John lean against the window , close he eye , a defeat man . JOHN ( quietly ) Carol 's not a rabbit , she 's a foxy little tail . he hear the button click up and slowly open the door . carol you say the cutest thing . John get into the car . wolfman ( v.o. ) sneakin ' around with the wolfman , baby . the wolfman 's gravelly voice whisper over the airwave as John and Carol drive out of the shadowy car grave - yard . wilson's appliance store curt be sit on the hood of a park De soto watch a row of television in the window of a appliance store . twelve silent image of ricky Nelson on " ozzie and harriet " glow in the dark showroom . Music from pass car rise and fade as they cruise behind curt . the wolfman can be hear . wolfman ( v.o. ) oh , this be gonna strike a raw nerve , mama . here 's the platter . the wolfman howl and the platter wail into the " great pretender . " curt sing along , mouth the word . then somebody walk in front of curt . curt pay no attention , then sense the presence of another guy . soon he realize that he be be surround by a group of three hood . they slink up from all side wear car coat with the name " pharoah " embroider across the back . curt look they over -- they all watch the silent tv 's . one of they , without turn , talk to curt . joe whadaya doin ' , creep ? curt I ? joe no , I be talk to the other fifty creep here . you know gil Gonzales ? curt gil Gonzales ... no . joe do not know gil ... you oughta . you really should . curt yeah ... why ? joe no reason ... he 's a friend of ours ... and that 's he car you be sit on . there 's silence . curt look uneasy and slide quietly off the De soto . curt stick he hand in he pocket and start slowly down the sidewalk . joe hey , where ya goin ? curt ( turn ) no place . not go any place . joe ya must be go someplace -- I mean ya leave here . bring he over here , ant , I want to show he something . ant ( a tall , ghoulish - look kid who probably get he name from the scar across he face which have recently be stitched to look like a party of ant march across he cheek ) bring curt back gently . Joe be bent over look across the hood of the De soto . joe here -- bend down , look here . see that ? right across there -- see ? curt I guess so -- yeah . Joe unbend and lightly punch curt on the shoulder . joe you scratch it , man . where do you get off sit on gil 's car , huh , man ? Joe give he another charming punch on the shoulder . the other have leave the tv 's and be watch curt now , look puzzle and pain at the scratch on the car . curt I be sorry . it 's not much of a scratch . I do not think he will even -- joe it be not the size that 's in question here . it 's the principle . jeez , this be tough ... what should we do with ya ? ant tie he to the car and drag he . curt turn and laugh at ant ' suggestion . he laugh and laugh until he realize nobody else be ; they be ponder the suggestion . curt that 's funny ( clear he throat ) hey , you guy know Toby juarez ? he 's a pharoah , be not he ? joe Toby juarez . yeah , sure we know Toby . curt he 's a friend of mine . they all grin and laugh with curt who feel better . joe sure , good old Toby . he 's a friend of yours . that 's cool ... we all hate he gut . curt stop smile again . curt oh -- well , I do not know he that much anyway . joe we kill he last night . ant tied he to a car and drag he . curt look at they both , praying they be kid . Joe look at he , shaking he head . joe this be go to take some think . you better come with we maybe . ( put he arm around curt ) go riding with the pharoah ... curt well , I do not think I can -- I gotta -- joe I know just how ya feel . Joe lead curt gently but forcibly toward a incredible maroon ' 51 merc that 's be lower and chop so that the window be like ominous slit and the whole machine have a submarine quality . Joe open the door and curt slide into the white fluffy interior . in the small back window , a metal plaque read " pharoah . " the third member of the gang be carlos , a short little kid about fifteen year old . he appear tougher than the rest with a cigarette dangle from he mouth . Joe head for the driver 's side and ant and carlos both go for the front passenger door . carlo shotgun ! ant no , I call it ! carlo when ? ant before we pick you up . carlo you can not call it for the whole night , man . I get it now . get in the back . carlos give ant a hard look and ant back down and climb in the back with curt . the pharoah 's mercury roar out from the curb . cruising MAIN STREET --pharoah ' '51 MERCURY the radio blare " ai not that a shame ? " as curt sit in the back seat of the car look very nervous . he eye the three hood cautiously . they be sit super low , they eye just visible over the window . then , curt happen to look around . he do a double take . through the narrow window he see the thunderbird pass in the opposite direction . curt swivel and watch through the back window as the t-bird disappear around a corner . then , he shake he head . of all the time to be trap with the pharoah . on the radio the wolfman be give a phone operator a bad time and the pharoah be chuckle . as the wolfman continue on the radio , the car pass though the night like a metallic ballet . the pharoah ' mercury ( with curt aboard ) pass Laurie 's edsel ... Inside the edsel , Steve be drive . he put he arm around Laurie and she lean she head on he shoulder . as the edsel cruise by in one direction , John milner 's ' 32 Ford coupe rumble by on the other side of the street . inside the deuce coupe Carol be laugh like mad as the wolfman continue . even John have to chuckle at the mad d.j. 's raspy patter . wolfman ( v.o. ) who be this on the wolfman telephone ? operator ( v.o. ) hello , collect ... wolfman pardon I . you name be Colette ? operator yes. collect call . wolfman you name be Colette call ? operator Sir , this be the Operator . wolfman be you french , Operator ? operator this be a collect call for wolfman Jack . wolfman I ... I love you , Operator . operator be this wolfman Jack ? wolfman be floyd there ? operator it 's for a wolfman ... Jack ... Carol look over at John and shake she head . carol I just love listen to the wolfman . my Mom will not let I at home . because he 's a negro , I think ... anyway , he 's terrific . do you know that he just broadcast from a plane that fly around in circle all the time ? do you think that 's true ? inside steve's ' 58 chevy Terry drive on through the wonderful night -- a blonde sit next to he , he 's feel very bitchin' . he and Debbie be also mesmerize by the wolfman . wolfman ( v.o. ) floyd , I love you , floyd . be this you , floyd ? I can not look on thee , love take my hand ... and smile do reply , who make the eye but i. floyd , reach out and touch my soul . inside the pharoah ' ' 51 MERCURY even curt have to laugh at the wolfman -- despite he situation . Little carlos sit in the front seat and look over at Joe who 's drive . operator ( v.o. ) you party 's ready , sir . wolfman you mean floyd ? hello , be this floyd ? voice ( v.o. ) hello , be this Matilda ? wolfman no , it be not honey -- bye ! carlo you tell she , wolfman . he 's my man . when I graduate , I be gonna be a wolfman . hey , you know he broadcast out of Mexico someplace ? joe no , he do not . I see the station right outside of town . carlo that 's just a clear station , man . so he can fool the cop . he blast that thing all the way around the world . it 's against the law , man . in the back seat , ant nod in agreement . ant ah , man - - they will never catch the wolfman . then ant ' nose start twitching and he look over at curt suspiciously . ant hey , man , who cut the cheese ? curt try to smile but look pretty guilty . then Joe look around from the front seat . joe he who smelt it , deal it . ( look at curt in the back ) hey , creep , scoot down . sitting up like that , it wreck the line of the car , you know what I mean ? curt scoot down to a level even with ant . ant be stare at he and grin evilly . then they hear a incredible roar , and they all turn to see Bob falfa 's black ' 55 chevy pass by . falfa have a new girl with he this time , a lovely redhead . joe there 's that badass chevy again . look at he snatch he 's get with he . ant hey , man , he look like a whimp . curt nod and try to join in . curt probably be . whimp get all the snatch . carlos and ant look at he . like nobody ask he to open he mouth . carlo milner be not gonna beat that . his time have come . he 's get old . he be not as fast as he use to be . inside the deuce coupe milner may not be as fast a he use to be -- and have a little teeny - bopper with he be not help matter . he look over at Carol . she 's move closer to he . JOHN you get two second to get you ass over in the corner . carol do not worry , I will not rape you . Carol slide back to she side . but as they glide along , Carol watch John . she 's moon - eye and flip over he . John deftly down -shift as he approach a light and then accelerate through the gear with a " race " expertise . there 's a honk and John and Carol look over to see a ' 60 cadillac full of girl laugh at they . girl you get a bitchin ' car . John nod modestly . girl in fact , we be gonna give you we special prize for have the neatest car around . you want I to give it to you ? JOHN if the prize be you , honey , I be a ready teddy . girl yeah , well get bent turkey . the girl suddenly launch a water balloon , which John duck deftly , the tumescent missile catch Carol full in the face . the girl roar off . John crack up as Carol blink away the water , not believe what 's happen . she wipe she face . carol all right , very funny . what a chop . ha ha . quit laugh !! John try to control himself , but can not . carol let 's catch them at the light . then you jump out and flatten they tire . JOHN hey , wait a-- carol just do what I say ! JOHN yezz , bozz .... MAIN STREET intersection Carol jump out of the car as John stop the car in the right hand lane next to the cadillac . as Chuck Berry wail " johnny B. Goode , " they go into action . the girl in the cadillac recognize John as one of they victim and quickly roll up all window and lock they door . John start pull the stem from the front tire , sink the car . Carol start around the car with the shave cream , spraying all they window with the foamy lather . Carol be have a great time and John be laugh as they continue they guerrilla attack . they finish and jump back in the coupe . the light turn green and John take off , leave the cadillac strand at the intersection , cover with shave cream . traffic begin to back up ... horn begin to honk . canal bank --steve's '58 chevy the cricket chirp under the full moon . we hear " I only have eye for you " play as the chevy slowly come to a stop in a isolate spot along the irrigation canal . Terry get out of the car , pop the top off two coke and pour half of they into the canal . he hum , refilling they with bourbon . he go back to the car . terry tootie fruiti all ruti ... it 's Super cola ! he hand she one of the bottle and take a long drink out of the other . he grab the steering wheel for support and he eye begin to water . terry it 's a ... a little ... strong , I think . debbie ( drink ) it 's the live end . Terry take a smaller sip this time ... terry yeaah , I guess it be not mix . debbie wow , it 's pretty tonight . it 's a perfect night to go horseback riding -- I be go with a guy once who have a horse . Terry choke . terry oh yeah ? I use to have a couple of horse myself . debbie really ? terry I use they for hunt . I do a lot of hunt . Deer mostly , although I get a couple of bear last year . yep , they be good pony -- hunt pony . I have to train them special , you know . debbie do you still have them ? we could go for a ride . terry no , I have to sell them . to get this wheel ... and a jeep . I also have a jeep pick - up , with four- wheel drive . it 's get a gun rack . and I use that for hunt mostly . debbie why do you kill little animal ? I think that 's terrible . terry oh , well , yeah , I figure with bear , though , it 's either I or they ... you know , I think you be really neat . he suddenly grab at she , put he arm around she . she 's catch off - guard and try to move away . debbie wait a second . Terry immediately let go of she . terry oh , jeez , I be sorry . I do not know what get into I -- I do not mean to -- maybe it 's the booze or something . she put she coke on the floor . she unfasten the chain hold she sweater together and take it off . debbie there -- now . suddenly , she grab he and pull he down on top of herself . she kiss he madly . at first he 's surprised , but then get the hang of it . they begin to neck passionately , encounter many obstacle in the cramped front seat . debbie ow -- you pinch I . terry I be sorry . debbie let I get my head over here -- okay , now you get up -- terry ow -- my leg , my leg . ow , watch it ! debbie ummm , I just love tuck and roll upholstery . as they roll around , a couple of guy walk by the car laugh . Terry manage to sit up and watch they go off into the night . terry geez , it 's like Grand Central Station around here . why do not we go someplace else . Debbie pull he back down on top of she . debbie Nah , come on . they will not come back . terry wait a minute . I get a blanket in the back . why do not we go over into the field ? debbie all right . okay . they both get out of the car . Terry get the blanket out of the trunk . they walk along a path next to the moonlit canal . Debbie carry they drink for they . they leave the radio on and wolfman 's voice can be hear as he take another call . wolfman ( v.o. ) hello . girl ( v.o. ) yeah ! wolfman how old be you ? girl I be thirteen , how old be you ? wolfman I be only fourteen . girl oh , boy , I love you , wolfman . singers ( sing over ) " wolfman Jack . " wolfman oh , now we gonna do the weather for all the valley and the mountain top . gonna be hot ... about 200 degree in merced , 400 degree out in fresno , and I know we be gonna have about 500 degree up around the valley somewhere . you get the wolfman Jack show . miniature golf course and arcade as the silhouettes yip - yip - yip - yip into " get a job , " we see the mysterious white thunderbird cruise by and disappear . the pharoah ' mercury turn into the parking lot of a a miniature golf course . the door open and the pharoah exit . there 's a pause , then ant reach into the car and pull curt out also . the pharoah saunter into the miniature golf compound . curt hey , terrific , I love miniature golf . joe I hate it . curt well , I do not play that often really . ah -- what be we do here then ? joe we be outta gas . curt they do not sell gas here . joe no ... but we be outta money , too . come on , Carl . curt curt . Joe give curt a gentle push and they go inside . the golf course be empty , except for a couple of ugly girl put around in the far corner . under a trellis , curt and Joe enter as the pharoah fool around with the candy machine , pinball game , " check you Weight , " and " Air Corps gunner " game , pretend to play with they . Joe look around , whistling again . joe all right , man . quickly the pharoah go into action , jimmying lock , pound coin return , pull out plug , pry open change box and stuff loose coin into they pocket . Joe smile at curt , who look sick again , involved now in a robbery . ant be sit in a " rocket to the Moon " ride , pound on it unsuccessfully when suddenly it start . ant start bounce up and down look dumber than usual . he swear at rocket to the Moon under he breath -- suddenly a screen door slam . the pharoah turn . a man in a undershirt stand by the " get you ball here " booth , regard they warily . mr. gordon what be you punk do ? the pharoah can not think of anything right away . ant bounce noisily in the " rocket to the Moon . " the pharoah be all look to Joe for guidance . Joe for he part be mumble . curt hey , hi . Mr. Gordon , what 's up ? the man look at curt , surprised . mr. gordon Henderson -- curt Henderson ? you with this punk ? the pharoah do not know what 's happen yet . curt walk over to Mr. Gordon . curt this be my friend . we be just ... Mr. Gordon look skeptical , then curt smile at he . then Mr. Gordon smile . mr. gordon jeez , you guy have I scared . he laugh nervously . the pharoah laugh . everybody 's happy . mr. gordon hey , you have not leave yet ? curt oh ah -- no -- no , I be not -- Mr. Gordon look puzzle . curt I mean , I be not leave until tomorrow . mr. gordon tomorrow . well , listen , hank Anderson 's inside . come in and say goodbye . you know , hank 's the one that bring you name up on the floor of the moose Hall . you get the check , do not you ? he lead curt toward the screen door . curt look around at the pharoah , who be slowly start to work again pilfering the machine . Inside the small office , curt shake hand with hank Anderson , who pat he on the shoulder . hank we be all proud of you , curt . the moose Scholarship could not have go to a better boy . and if there 's anything we can do , let we know . mr. gordon yeah , you will stay in touch by letter , will not you ? there 's a knock at the screen and they turn to see Joe at the screen door . joe hey , we be all do out here . mr. gordon all do ? what -- what 's he mean ? curt ah , he mean , we be all do have load of fun out here . mr. gordon oh , well ... hank wonderful . you can have all the fun you want . this place be for fun . curt yes . yes , it be . thank you . thank you both . mr. gordon good luck now . hank before I say goodbye , curt , I want to tell you I hope you will be take along with you a little piece of this place . curt I think I have . hank good . do not forget we . curt no , I will not forget you and you will not forget I . mr. gordon okay . ' bye . hank good - bye and good luck . curt ' bye . joe it be nice to meet yuh . curt right . what he say go for I , too . curt and Joe go out through the arcade toward the mercury . they start walk faster , anxious to get away . Joe grin at curt as they climb into the car . joe yeah , you just might make it as a pharoah yet , boy . back in the office , hank and Mr. Gordon watch the car pull out . hank some day he will make a fine moose . the canal bank Steve 's chevy sit near the canal . the door be open and the radio blare , while Terry and Debbie be off somewhere in the weed make out . suddenly , a beam from a flashlight play across the trunk . foot approach the car as the light beam move across the interior and stop on the vacate shoe on the front seat . the light beam continue past the empty bourbon bottle and start int he direction of the field where Terry and Debbie be lose in the throes of passionate love . as we follow the light into the field we hear footstep . as the darken figure approach the couple , we see the light go out and catch a gleam of silver in the moonlight as a switchblade spring open ! Terry react to the sound . debbie what 's wrong ? terry I think I hear something . she kiss he and he forget about the noise . the figure retreat back to the chevy , where another indistinct figure wait . voice ( o.s. ) they be pork in the weed . no sweat . Terry and Debbie be rest in the field , listen to the radio in the distance . a car engine be hear start up and disappear down the canal bank . the countryside be very quiet . only cricket and frog be hear as Terry begin to drop off asleep . he suddenly jump with a start . terry wait a minute ! debbie what ? terry the radio be go ... that mean -- the car be go ! he scramble to the spot where the chevy once stand . terry oh no !!! oh no !!! Debbie come up and watch Terry look heavenward . terry oh God -- I be sorry . but , why the car ? you could have strike we with lightning or something -- anything - -- but not the car ! the canal bank --laurie's ' 58 edsel Cars be see here and there in the moonlight along the irrigation canal outside of town . in the car radio be play " to the aisle , " laughter can be hear in some , whisper in other . Laurie 's edsel be park by the slow - move water . in the front seat of the car , Steve and Laurie be make out . Laurie lean back against Steve , he arm around she , and they look out the window at the star ... laurie you know , it do not make sense to leave home to look for a home , to give up a life to find a new life , to say goodbye to friend you love just to find new friend . steve what ? say that again , I do not -- laurie that 's what curt say . steve oh , figure . ( smile ) you must have talk he ear off try to get he to stay . laurie that 's not true . I do not say anything . curt just say at dinner tonight he realize there be no big hurry . he think he should take it easy for a while , go to j.c. and try to figure out what he want to do with he life . steve that sound logical . Laurie 's expression change . laurie you think so ? steve sure . I think curt 's probably right for curt . not for I though . Laurie , look at I . now you know what I want out of life . and it 's just not in this town . laurie I be not go to the airport tomorrow . she look sullen and he smile a little . he turn she around and gently kiss here . they begin to make out , Laurie seem a little desperate . Steve push she slowly down on the seat . he move on top of here and he hand begin to wander . laurie Steve ! do not . steve ( quietly ) it 's we last night together for three month ... come on . laurie we have be through this before . steve I be go to miss you so much . I need something to remember you by . you do not want I to forget you . she close she eye , try not to cry . laurie ( softly ) no ... he start to move on top of she , kissing she neck . she struggle for a few moment , then go limp , not respond . he pull away angrily . steve what 's wrong ? you be just lie there . laurie well go ahead , you want to . steve not like that . laurie if you be not go to remember I for anything else , why do not you go ahead ? steve you want it and you know it . do not be so damn self - righteous with I . after that thing you tell I about watch you brother -- laurie you be disgusting ! get out of my car ! I tell you never -- steve I be sorry . laurie get out ! it 's not worth it . I do not care if you be leave -- now get out ! she reach past he and pull the door handle . the door swing open and she shove Steve out . then she start the engine and drive away , leave Steve stand there in the darkness . in the distance , he hear the laughter of other couple and the drift music from they radio . the canal road Terry and Debbie walk slowly along the dark canal . Terry take a large slug of he bourbon and coke . debbie anyway , the goat killer -- terry let 's talk about something else . debbie -- whenever he strike , he leave a bloody goat 's head near the victim . be not that creepy ? Terry think about it and indeed it be . he look around into the darkness and then take Debbie 's hand . debbie they think he go up to stockton , but two night ago they find carlie Johnson and Don White right here by the canal all hack to piece and -- terry who do you think will take the regionals this -- debbie -- not only be there bloody goat ' head , but he have switch all the part of they body around . you know put she arm on he and he leg on -- Terry be slow and he stop she . he motion for she to shut up and they listen . the wind whine across the flat valley . ahead there be only darkness , then footstep ! terry wait a second . do you hear ...? debbie you think it 's the goat killer ? terry ( whisper ) no ! I mean , no . listen , I will go for help , you stay here . Terry have turn and be start off when she grab he by he shirt -tail . debbie come on , we will hide in the field . she take Terry 's hand and they go off behind some bush , away from the black water . Debbie look through the bush , squinting . debbie maybe if it 's the goat killer he will get somebody and we will see the whole thing . Terry stand with he eye close . terry I do not want to see the whole thing . especially if it 's we he -- oh , why I ? I be go to look lousy with you leg and a goat 's head and -- debbie shhh -- he 's stop . I can not see he very -- I think he 's come this way . she edge off to get a better view . terry well , as long as he 's not -- Debbie ! Debbie ! she 's go . Terry start off , take one step , turn , take another , turn , take another . suddenly Terry hear something behind he . he turn very slowly and look ... a figure be stand right behind he , silhouett by the moon , its face obscure . Terry jump about three foot and yell . steve ( o.s. ) Terry ! terry who , I ? why I ? Terry stop yell , see that it 's Steve . steve Terry . terry Steve ! Debbie come back through the bush and Terry look at she nervously . terry where would you go , anyway ? debbie over there . terry well , do not go off again . come on , let 's get out of here . Terry and Debbie start to walk with Steve back toward town . Terry keep take pull from the bottle of bourbon . steve what be you do out here ? hey , where 's my rod ? terry ( choke ) um , oh , do I introduce you ? this be Debbie . Debbie , this be Steve . debbie hello . steve hi. debbie hi. they continue to walk along the dark canal bank . steve well , what about my car ? terry um ... I 'ts in the garage . I put it in the garage for safe keep . I mean ... I do not want to take any chance with it . steve oh , great . debbie yeah . yeah . it 's a good thing too . ' Cause somebody steal we car . steve really ? that 's terrible . what kind be it ? terry gee , ah , where 's Laurie , anyway ? steve I guess we break up . terry you break up ? bull ! Steve just shrug . the three of they go off into the darkness . cruising MAIN STREET -'32 yellow deuce coupe the coupe make a eccentric swerve as it cruise along the main drag . Inside , Carol be look at the gear-shift knob that she 's take off the shift arm as they listen to " do you want to dance ? " carol it do not look like a gear shift knob . JOHN come on , will ya ? give it back to I . carol well , go ahead , cream I . what 's wrong , you be a tough guy . break my arm , see if I care . JOHN forget it . he ignore she , and finally he silence make she take a small round knob out of she pocket and put it back on the shifter where it belong . carol I be just go to keep it for a little while . you be a ogre , just like my father . he will not let I play record , or stay out late , or anything . JOHN ( worried ) he ah -- do not like you to stay out late ? carol no -- he 's terrible . once I be at a party that do not end till late and he call the cop . can you imagine ? it be only a little after midnight and he have the whole police force -- JOHN say , where do you live anyway ? carol over on ramona , why ? ( she suddenly smile ) oh no . uh uh . you think I would tell you where -- not I , not old Carol . the night be young and I be not hit the rack until I get a little action . John sigh , wonder if he will ever get rid of she . he look back at something in the rear view mirror . he speed up and check the mirror again . carol what do you keep lookin ' at ? ( she look around behind they ) who 's that ? you know he ? he 's follow awful close . JOHN grab onto something . Carol look scared and grab onto the dash . John suddenly hit the brake . the deuce coupe nose down and Bob falfa 's chevy have to swerve abruptly to avoid a crash . falfa pull the chevy around and alongside the coupe . he have another new girl with he . falfa ( shouting over ) sorry if I scared ya , man . JOHN ( look ahead ) take more than that to scare I . falfa where ya be hide ? do not anyone tell ya I be look for ya ? JOHN hey , I can not keep tracka all the punk lookin ' for I . falfa they say you be the fastest thing in the Valley . but that can not be you car , man . that must be you mama 's car . Hell , I feel embarrassed just get near ya . JOHN ya should , man - - you be drive a field car . falfa field car ? what 's a field car ? JOHN field Cars drive through the field , drop cow shit all over the place to make the lettuce grow . falfa ( laugh ) that 's pretty good . hey , I like that paint job you get . what they call that -- sorta a cross between piss yellow and puke Green , be not it ? JOHN yeah , well , you be car 's so ugly you must have to sneak up on the pump to get a tank of gas . falfa well , at least I do not have to move over to let a funeral go by , man . through all the insult , Carol have be crack up . carol ( shouting ) you car 's uglier than I be . John and falfa both look at she and she sit back . carol that do not come out right ... they both stop at a light now . falfa roar he engine . falfa come on , boy , prove it . let 's go . JOHN look kid , why do not you go out and win a few race , then come back and see I . carol oh , race he , you can beat he . John give Carol a very fierce look and she sink back into she corner . falfa hey , that 's a tough lookin ' girl you get with you , man . what be you doin ' ? try to pick up a few extra buck babysit ? ( grin at Carol ) hey , doll . why do not you come on and ride with I -- in about ten year ? JOHN leave she out of this . this be just between you and I . falfa revs he engine again . John think a moment , then shift down into first . the light change , and John and falfa take off , tire scream . the two car perfectly in sync , rocket down the block toward the next red light . John start to slow for the light . falfa look over , laugh , and run the red light . John stop . carol wow ! he 's really fast , be not he ? JOHN yeah . but he 's stupid . cruising 10 th STREET - pharoah' '51 MERCURY curt be still out riding with the pharoah . he seem a little easier with they now , after they successful heist at the miniature golf course . the radio be play " Party doll . " curt hey -- any of you guy know a blonde in a white t- Bird ? joe yeah , I see she , what about it ? curt I be just wonder who she be . joe she 's outta you price range , man . my brother 's be with she and he clue I in . curt price range ? you mean she 's a-- joe yeah , thirty dollar sheri . can you believe that ? thirty dollar . curt we must be think of different blond . carlo hey man , do not tell Joe what he think . ant thirty dollar be not much . I see ten thousand once . my old man have it in a suitcase . they catch he the next morning though . carlo fuzz ahead , watch it . joe where ? carlo fuzz ahead , watch it . joe where ? carlo at jerrie 's cherries . you can just barely see the fender . ant that 's rotten , man . hiding like that . carlo that 's shitty . joe it 's dishonest . ant give he the evil eye . Joe watch the cop car in the use car lot as they pass it . joe we oughta do something . I get a idea . I get a good idea . MAIN STREET Steve , Terry and Debbie have make it back into town from the canal . they walk past the close store and stop on a busy corner . steve I think I be gonna go over to Burger City . terry yeah . yeah . Laurie 's probably over there . steve you really think she 's get I worried about where she be , do not you ? terry well ... steve let I tell you something . I could not care less . want to come along ? debbie yeah , I do . I do . terry no . steve make up you mind . terry no , thanks . u'mm . you know we get to report the car miss . steve all right . see yuh . terry yeah . see yuh . Steve go off and Debbie look at Terry . debbie why can not we go to Burger City ? terry Burger City ? Burger City !!? how can you think of hamburger when somebody steal my car . she look hurt and start off . alley behind jerry's cherry used -car lot curt be get out of the low - sling merc and Joe saunter around from the driver 's side . he smile , friendly like -- joe listen , ah -- Carl , I - - curt curt . joe curt . he nod at curt , look cautiously around the dark lot . joe despite you scratch gil 's car , I like you . and I know what you would like more than anything right now . like every guy in town , you get the same secret dream , right ? curt nod . joe ya want to join the pharoah . huh ? you can admit it -- you would like to -- but you never dream it could be possible , do you ? curt shake he head slowly . joe well , tonight , I be goin ' to give you you chance . curt have not the slight idea what Joe be talk about . Joe put he arm around curt 's shoulder and lead he away , explain what he have to do , while ant and carlos grin . in the middle of the use car lot , a patrol car hide among the auto for sale . Inside the car , holstein sit with another officer who 's doze . across holstein 's dark glass , reflection of the kid ' car cruise by can be see , as holstein wait to nab somebody . Joe approach the patrol car through the lot . he duck , carry a length of metal cable in he hand . curt wander behind he . Joe see he and motion for he to get down . joe get down ! curt duck down near Joe . joe okay . now you get it ? I be stayin ' here . you be on you own . curt wait a minute , wait a minute , Joe . what if he hear I ? joe shhh. listen . look at it this way : now you get three choice . one , you chicken out . in that case , I let ant tie you to the car and drag you around a little bit . and you do not want that , right ? curt no . joe two , you foul up and holstein hear you and well , ah ... you do not want that , right ? curt no , I do not . joe Three , you be successful and you join the pharoah with a carcoat , and the blood initiation and all that , huh ? curt ( see Joe walk away ) wait -- wait a minute . wait a minute ! what blood initiation ? wolfman ( v.o. ) oh , here we go baby ! here 's " come go with I . " the policeman wait for a victim . in the background , we see curt dodging from behind one car to another . take cover , curt make another break toward a car -- and trip and fall . in the cop car , holstein think he hear something . he open the door and get out . adjusting he billy club , he pace around the use car lot officiously , while curt hide behind a falcon and peek out from behind a fender . he see holstein walk back toward the squad car . the cop open the door again and climb in . the echoing sound of the call come over the police radio blend with the wolfman 's howling as car pass with they radio blaring . curt be inching forward with the cable , toward the squad car . in the background , a slow freight train can be hear start to move across the valley . curt tie the cable to a post and then , look scared , crawl under the police car with the cable . underneath the car , curt inch on he back and then reach up and attaches the cable to the rear axle of the car . MAIN STREET Terry and Debbie be walk across the street , Terry look miserable and disconsolate about the loss of the chevy he possess for three short hour . Debbie try to be more positive about the situation . debbie hey , why do not we go get you jeep ? terry what ? what be you talk about ? debbie you know , you jeep . the one you sell the hunt pony for . the one with the four-wheel drive . Terry just stare at she morosely . he stop by a parking meter and sink down on top of it . debbie come on , Terry -- Terry ? alley behind jerry's cherry used car lot curt and Joe be on the run toward the merc. ant and carlos jump in as they start they getaway . joe hey , you sure you get enough slack ? curt yeah , yeah . no sweat . let 's get out of here . MAIN STREET Joe shift into high gear and be fly down the main drag . Terry and Debbie look startle as they see the pharoah 's mercury roaring by -- and curt lean out the door , shouting insanely . curt stand by for justice ! Terry and Debbie watch the merc speed suicidally past Jerry 's cherries use - car lot . holstein spot they and the driver start up the engine of the squad car . the red light start flash and the siren wail . the patrol car shift into gear and leap forward . suddenly , there 's a horrendous metallic screech , the patrol car hurtle up and out , airborne for a moment -- then nose down and bounce along the pavement , send out spark as it slide to a stop . the driver be stunne and freeze to the wheel . holstein manage to remove he dark glass and look back . there , sit quietly in the middle of the parking lot , be they tran - axle and two rear wheel . the patrol car sit on the ground at a twenty degree angle , while its engine whine impotently at top speed . on the radio , the all - see wolfman give a evil laugh -- wolfman ( v.o. ) oh , I can not believe it . feel so good ' cause you be sweet sixteen . and johnny burnette take he cue and croon into " you be sixteen . " a dark road outside town --deuce coupe John have glide off the main drag and into a residential area . everything be dark and quiet as the adult population sleep through the night . John pull the coupe to the curb and turn off the engine . he turn out the light . Inside the car , there 's silence . only the clock tick . Carol look over at John a little nervously . carol why be we stop here ? John look at she and he arm slide along the back of the seat above she . she notice he arm and the fact that he 's move slowly toward she . JOHN ( in a husky voice ) Carol ... carol what ? JOHN I -- I do not think that I can control myself any longer . carol you can not ? JOHN no ... Carol , I have get to have you . carol I ? he touch she hair and she slouches back into she corner fearfully . JOHN all night you have be sit there and you have be so sexy and it 's be so hot -- and I can not wait any more ... carol well -- well , a lot of that 's a act , you know . like ... like my cry . it be just a act . JOHN well , it 's be building up inside of I like a volcano , all night . maybe if I know where you live I could fight it -- I could take you home -- but since you will not tell I , and since here we be -- I have get to have you . it 's too late -- carol it 's not too late ! it 's never too late ! 231 ramona -- two three one -- JOHN ( smile ) two three one -- carol I will show you ! it 's easy to find . John start the car engine . Carol look very relieved . the yellow deuce coupe roar off down the dark street . mel' drive -in Steve sit in the almost empty cafe section of Burger City . he stir a coffee and mull over the night 's event in he mind . a door open and budda macrae come in . she watch he a moment , then take off she little Bell Boy cap and get a cup of coffee for herself . Steve look up as she come over on she roller skate . budda hi . you mind if I sit down ? steve hi budda . no , have a seat . budda I get five minute outa the rat race , and I see you all alone . for a change . she drink she coffee and he look out the window think about something else . budda where 's Laurie ? steve I do not know . budda I think the two of you would be go strong , this be you last night and everything -- steve we break up . budda look surprised . steve no big deal . budda wow ... what happen ? steve nothing . we be out at the canal and ... we have a fight . budda smile and he look at she strangely . steve what 's so funny ? budda nothing . just think . a girl like Laurie -- I mean , she go to school and be cute and popular and all , but we be not so different . we know what we want . I have see she after you for two year now . steve she 's not like that . budda maybe not . she do have a different approach . hers be " never surrender , " I I lay down my arm at the drop of a hat -- voice ( o.s. ) budda , you get a hour leave , let 's get on it . budda ( yell back ) all right , relax ... old fart . listen , I be off in a hour . if you wanta come over , my girlfriend 's away for the weekend . steve I do not know ... Laurie walk up the drive - in and be about to enter when she stop and watch Steve and budda . she think about go in , then hesitates , watch they . budda why do not you ? I never get a chance to talk to you . you be leave tomorrow . listen , I give up a long time ago , so it would be just for fun . no problem . she smile at he and he smile back a little . at the door , Laurie turn and leave before Steven see she . budda I will see ya later then . she get up and go back to the counter on she skate . Steve think a moment and get up also . steve budda , budda wait . she turn and he come over to she as she put back on she little cap . steve I gotta get up early and -- I just do not think it would work out . budda she 's get you so brainwash -- well , hell . some day I be gonna win . do not ya think ? steve sure . she smile briefly , then turn and leave . Steve watch she go . mel' drive -in the drive - in remain a raucous roar : Cars come in from the hop , from the movie , other car go out to the canal or back out to cruise . only the car hop , who have develop a late-hour , harry look , suggest it 's nearly close time . the pharoah arrive . the mercury swing imperiously into the lot . the radio can be hear as the rumbling engine die . the clover be sing " Love potion # 9 . " curt jump out of the mercury elate . the pharoah all climb out and circle he , punch he playfully . Joe hold he while carlos tickle he and they all laugh . joe oh mother , it 's be a glorious night . carlo that be the bitchinest thing I ever see in my whole life . ant I see a little kid attack by pig once , but this be even better . joe oh boy , I will tell you something , that car must have jump five foot in the air ! curt nod , feel pretty good . joe you sure you get to go ? the night 's young . curt yeah , there 's some thing I get to do . I still want to find that blonde . joe I think she be a optical delusion , man . psychology - wise it be not good to dwell on it . you will alter you ego or something . anyway , catch ya tomorrow night ? curt yeah , I guess so . joe guess so ? man , we do not admit a lot of guy to the pharoah . you understand we be go to have to swipe you jacket and all -- you gotta make up you mind . curt nod , think about it . then he shrug . he look at the three pharoah as they climb back into they maroon chariot . curt hey -- I will see you guy . joe sure --listen , remember , Rome be not bury in a night . Joe laugh and curt nod . he watch the mercury pull out and then he wander back across the drive - in toward he little citroen . wolfman ( v.o. ) my , my , my . you only get five minute leave , if you want to talk to the wolfman . gonna make all you dream come true , baby . curt get into the little car and sit listen to the radio . the neon mel' drive - in be reflect across the windshield . voice ( v.o. ) wolfman ... wolfman yeah . voice would you dedicate a record to keep I and my girlfriend together ? wolfman be you separate ? voice well , see , we be havin ' a little problem . wolfman I will bring you right together . hold on a minute , man . hi ya , hi ya , hi , hi , hi . everything 's gonna be all right now , man , you understand ? now , let I play the record for you . as the wolfman talk on , curt glance toward the street . he see the white thunderbird glide by . he sit up quickly and try to start the citroen -- but the machine barely turn over . he keep try desperately , but the engine will not catch . cruising G STREET --'58 edsel Laurie drive slowly , alone in the edsel . on the radio , the skyliner be lament the sad state of thing -- " since I do not have you . " Laurie wipe she eye , cry with the music . a horn honk . she look over to see Bob falfa 's car pace she . he 's alone now and grin at she . Laurie ignore he . they drive along further . falfa roar he engine , but she still do not give he any attention . he give up and pull off . Laurie think a while , pout . she pull alongside falfa at the next light . he be not look at she . she toot she horn and he turn . Laurie motion he to pull over . falfa look surprised . the light change , and he follow she to the curb . Laurie take a deep breath , and with a determine look , get out and walk back to he car . she get in and close the door . they start off . he look over and smile . falfa hey hey hey , baby , what do you say ? laurie just do not say anything and we will get along fine . falfa be puzzle by the frigidity in the air . he glance at she then back at the road , wonder about this strange chick . residential street--deuce coupe the coupe slow in front of a modest California ranch - style home . John stop the car and turn off the engine . he look over at Carol , who seem lose in think . JOHN this the first time you have be quiet all night . carol I have fun . Goodbye . she sit for a moment , about to say something . carol do you like I ? JOHN yeah . I like you . you be all right . carol but I mean , do you like I ? JOHN I , ah ... I like you . okay ? carol could not I have something to remember you by ? John give in to she sweet gaze . he take off the gearshift knob , give it to she , and lean over and give she a kiss . JOHN ' bye , kid . carol gee , thanks . it 's just like a ring or something . JOHN yeah . carol it 's like we be go steady . wait will I tell marcia . JOHN wait a minute , now . carol wait will I tell everybody . JOHN do not go overboard with this thing . carol well , I will see you around . she jump out of the car and run up the walk to the house . he watch she stop at the screen door and turn . she give he a little wave , then go inside . John look over at the empty seat next to he and seem a little sad . he start the engine and drive off slowly . wolfman ( v.o. ) I have not cry so much . and the tear and everything , man ... I lean down towards the microphone and I almost short myself out . outside mel' drive -in curt have the font hood up on the beetle- like citroen and be fool with the recalcitrant engine . Steve be stand beside he . curt hold that up . steve ( take the hood from he ) I have be think -- maybe you be right . why should I leave home to find a new home . why should I leave friend that I love to find new friend ? curt wait a minute , wait a minute . I have hear this already . be not you the one who for eight week have be tell I you have to leave the nest sometime ? steve I realize that . I realize -- curt no -- no realize . you have be tell I all summer that it 's time to pull you head out of the sand and take a look at the big , beautiful world out there . gimme this thing . steve ( let he close the hood ) I do not know --i -- curt ( bang the citroen hood shut ) I feel like a mid-wife . steve I guess I be wrong . I may have be wrong . curt wrong nothing . you have be talk about get out of this town for eight week . and now -- goddamnit ! -- you be just -- you be just mentally play with yourself . if you can just relax , we will talk about it at the airport . curt walk around the side of the car and open the door . steve where be you go ? it 's awfully early in the morning . curt I have a dental appointment . steve come on , curt ... curt just relax , will ya ? I will see you at the airport . curt get into the car and start the engine . Steve watch he pull out of the drive - in , then walk off . alley behind the " come on inn " bar a half dozen people be stand around in the parking lot behind the bar . Debbie be sit on the hood of a car , swinging she leg and chew gum . the people all seem to be watch something on the ground behind the car . cough be hear , then gag , and the unmistakable sound of someone be sick . at the back door of the bar even the cook be look and point . we hear more cough and vomit . a guy slide up on the hood next to Debbie . guy I never see a guy lose so much . he must not have be use to drink . debbie oh no , he really like to drink . he tell I . a old man look at he watch and then up at the star . old man gettin ' late ... I know a man once who get this sick . billy Webber . that be ten year ago . what do you think that be there , that he have for dinner ? more groan and gaggin be hear . a old woman move close to the old man and he put a arm around she sentimentally . old woman stay on he hand and knee like that ... ( she grin ) he look like a dog , do not he ? look like old Ginger . old man sicker than a dog , that 's for sure . the people drift off , leave Debbie sit alone on the car . now , Terry slowly emerge , pull himself up the hood of the car . his face be white . he lie across the hood try to catch he breath . terry ohh rat , I feel like -- ( he notice a car nearby and push himself up ) wait a second ... hey ! he stagger across the lot toward Steve 's chevy ! Debbie slide off the car and follow he . terry it 's - - oh my god -- it look like Steve 's car . look , right here under we -- it 's my car . my car . we find it . look ! Terry stagger around and look for the key . he search under the front seat and over the visor . must have take the key with they . debbie maybe we oughta call the police . terry never get here in time . I get a better idea . we will just steal it back . see if you can find some wire around . we only need a foot to hot - wire it ... okay ? gas station --deuce coupe John pull the coupe out of the garage and wheel up to the pump of the gas station . a attendant nod , look at the roaring engine . attendant take the header plug off . expectin ' some action ? John look at he from inside the coupe and nod slowly . JOHN yeah . think so . there 's some punk lookin ' for I . attendant why the hell do they bother ? you have be number one as long as I can remember . JOHN yeah ... it 's be a long time , be not it ? I will see ya . thanks . John drive the car out of the station and screech down the street . alley behind the " come on inn " bar --steve's '58 chevy Terry be fiddling around under the dashboard , try to hot - wire the chevy . as the wire connect , the radio come to life and the wolfman growl . wolfman ( v.o. ) who be this on the wolfman telephone ? there 's the sound of a phone ringing , then the unmistakable voice of the Big bopper answer . big bopper ( v.o. ) hellooo , baaaby -- just then , Terry look up and see one large badass look at he . Terry get up slowly and see another big guy stand nearby . the first badass reach in and grab Terry by the shirt . he pull he from the car . Terry be smile weakly . terry ah , hi-- this be my car . what I mean be , somebody steal my car -- I mean I lose my car and I want to thank you two guy for -- the first badass shove Terry toward the other badass . terry -- for return -- I mean find it . I mean , listen now , listen guy -- I have be sick recently , and this kind of activity can really be hard on a guy . now , easy will you ? easy ! they throw he back and forth and start to rough he up seriously . Debbie be run around helplessly while they pummel Terry . then , she see the yellow deuce coupe pass . John glance out he window and notice the fight behind the come on Inn . he punch it and wheel into a fast u-turn . the hood have quit play with Terry and be punch he . Terry 's still on he foot , mostly because he 's drunk and staggering away from a lot of the blow ; also , Debbie be scream and pelting the assailant with she purse . debbie stop it , stop it , stop it ! help ! Police ! you creep ! John jump out of the coupe and run into the parking lot . he grab one of the punk and turn he -- smash he in the face . the punk land on he ass . John start circle the other . terry go , John ! debbie hit he ! a good fighter , John land a couple of blow to the gut and land he on he can . both of they crawl off . Terry be lie nearby , drunk , sick and bloody . Debbie hold he head in she lap . John go over and kneel by they . JOHN hey , man , you all right ? terry yeah . I will die soon and it will all be over . debbie ( look at John ) wow - - you be just like the Lone Ranger . JOHN ( eyeing Debbie ) yeah . listen , be you with the toad , or be you with they ? Terry manage to raise he head . terry you be talk to the woman I love ... his head fall back again . JOHN what happen , man ? Terry open he mouth to start to explain , but it 's too hard . he can only moan . mel' drive -in the drive - in be empty out finally as the midnight hour approach and pass . the die -hards and the hard - up be still wheeling through mel 's look for remain of any action . Steve sit inside in a booth . two gossipy look girl come in smile and slide into the booth across from he . steve hi , Karen , Judy . judy hi , Steve . have you see Laurie lately ? Steve shake he head no . judy well , we have . steve ( already annoyed ) oh yeah . so what ? judy so nothing . she be just with a really cute guy in a boss car . we wonder who he be . steve I would not know . judy we do . his name 's Bob falfa . the name register with Steve . Terry and Debbie pull into the drive - in and park . Terry , he face swell , groan as he lean toward the intercom . terry help ... I mean , I want two cherry coke with lot of ice . never mind , forget the coke , just bring the ice , pronto . the intercom repeat he order in a foreign language and suddenly Steve arrive and open the door . steve out! out ! terry what ?? steve I need the car -- now . Terry get out and Debbie get out she side . Steve get in . terry what 's go on ? steve I be about to find out . Steve roar out of the drive - in , leave Terry and Debbie stand in a empty space . debbie I do not believe it ! you practically get kill try to get you car back , then you let he have it . Terry look at she , he eye swollen , he lip balloon , he glass break . finally , he give up -- it 's not worth the trouble any longer . terry it 's not my car . debbie what ? terry what ? terry it be not my car ! debbie well , where be you car ? Terry be upset now . terry I don't have a car ! debbie you do not -- no car at all . what about you jeep ? Terry shake he head . debbie no car ... well , how be I go to get home ? just then the car hop approach with the two coke on two trays . car hop where 's you car ? I gotta hook them to you car . Terry shrug , stand in the empty stall , the carhop with the trays and Debbie watch . there 's a low rumbling sound and the girl turn as John 's deuce coupe glide into the stall next to they . Terry shuffles toward John 's car , a defeat man . Terry lean against John 's car and John look out the window at he . JOHN what 's wrong , toad ? you lose the car again ? terry ( softly ) no ... Steve take it . wolfman ( v.o. ) it 's a shame , baby . I will tell yuh ... get to take it easy when you be drivin ' that car of yours . you get to cruise easy , baby . do not be doin ' any accident or anything on I . and the radio play " cryin ' in the Chapel . " John smile and get out of the car . he go and open he hood , make a last - minute check on something . Terry sit down gently on a curb by John . Debbie have be talk with some other boy . eventually she wander up slowly and look at Terry . he look up at she , then away , disgrace and embarrassed . she sit down by he and they be silent . debbie you know , I have a pretty good time tonight . terry oh come on , you be just -- debbie no , no , really . I really have a good time . I mean , you pick I up and we get some hard stuff and see a hold - up , and then we go to the Canal , you get you car steal , and then I get to watch you gettin ' sick , and then you get in this really bitchin ' fight ... I really have a good time . Terry look at she , start to regain a little cool . terry you think so ? yeah -- well I guess I have pretty much fun every night . debbie anyway if you be not do anything tomorrow night , why do not you come over ? terry yeah -- well , I might be busy , you know . but we could -- well , I get a little vespa I just play around with . debbie really ? why that 's almost a motorcycle . and I just love motorcycle . he feel he swollen lip and she touch it . then she lean over and kiss he . debbie I get to go . terry ow . debbie goodnight . terry see ya . she smile , walk off , swinging she purse . she look over she shoulder and smile . he smile back . outside radio station --citroen the little citroen bump along a lonely dirt road , wind its way through dark peach orchard and wizen grape vineyard . curt watch the desert landscape when suddenly , the radio increase in volume and he turn it down . then it begin to roar and distort eerily as the signal become more powerful . then curt see it . he stop the car and get out . he stand look at a isolate white frame house hit in the moonlight . curt look up at a spidery radio antenna that rise toward the star , its black wire hum in the stillness . curt start up the gravel walk to the door . under the glare of a naked spotlight , he see a small intercom which play soft rock and Roll . he hesitates , then push a buzzer . he push it again and finally a voice come over the intercom . voice ( v.o. ) yeah , who be it ? curt it 's -- I want to talk to the wolfman . voice the wolfman be not here . curt I know , but I get to get in touch with he . I get something to give he before -- voice we do not take no delivery after eight . come back tomorrow . curt no , I can not . I want to ask he something that -- voice dedication by phone be diamond 75044 . wolfman top 40 be box 13 , chula vista . wolfman sweatshirt be Wolf enterprise , bakersfield . ' bye . curt listen , I get a right to talk to he . I listen to he every night for as long -- for twelve year almost . I know he and it 's personal and it will only take a minute and I bet wolfman would be upset if he know a friend could not get in touch with -- a buzzer interrupt he and the door open a inch . curt push it open slowly -- no one be there . a little scared , he go inside and close the door . inside radio station curt walk slowly down a dark eerie corridor , pass strangely light room with electronic generator , hum dynamo and glass - off booth fill with flash electronic apparatus . curt go through this other - worldly maze until he come to a small , dimly light control booth . a figure inside be barely visible through the reflection in the double glass window . the figure turn and walk up to the window . curt back off a bit . a face stare at he -- long hair grease in a ducktail , a short chinbeard . then he speak , he voice filter strangely through a hide speaker . manager what do you want ? through the window , curt can be see but no sound be hear . manager pull the red switch . curt I be look for a girl . manager be not we all . she be not here . come on back to the booth . curt walk around through a few more glass door and end up in the booth with the manager . the manager sit down and lean back , turn a fan to blow on he large chest . he 's a large , friendly look man ; he wear a Hawaiian shirt . he suck on a popsicle . curt stand awkwardly . manager hey , have a popsicle . the ice box just break down and they be meltin ' all over the place . you want one ? curt no . thanks . listen , ah ... manager have a popsicle . curt be you the wolfman ? manager no , man . I be not the wolfman . the manager lean forward and pick up a spool of tape . he hold it up as a magician would for audience inspection , then put it on a machine . a record be about to end . as it do the manager punch some button and the record segues into a wolfman howl and then the distinctive wolfman voice take over . the manager adjust the monitor volume down and suck he popsicle . wolfman ( v.o. ) who be this on the wolfman 's telephone ? diane ( v.o. ) Diane . wolfman how're you doin ' , Diane ? diane all right . the station manager smile at curt , who be watch the tape and blink light of the large console . manager that 's the wolfman . curt he 's on tape . the man be on tape . wolfman ( v.o. ) do you love I ? say you love I , Diane . curt well , ah -- where do he work ? I mean , where be the wolfman now ? manager the wolfman be everywhere . curt but I get to give he this note . manager ( take it from curt ) here , let I see the note . ( he read it ) Hell , that 's just a dedication . all I gotta do be relay it . and it will be on the air tomorrow , or Tuesday at the latest . curt no , no . see , this be very important . I may be leave town tomorrow , and it 's very important that I - - damn it , that I reach this girl right now . manager you do not know whether you be gonna leave town or not ? curt well , I be suppose to go to college back East tomorrow . and I do not know if I be gonna go . manager wait a minute . have a popsicle . curt no , thank you . manager sit down a minute . curt sit down , undecided about leave and upset about not be able to get in touch with the lovely creature he see earlier that night . manager listen , it 's early in the morning . now , I can not really talk for the wolfman . but I think if he be here he would tell you to get you ass in gear . now , no offense to you home town here , but this place be not exactly the hub of the universe , if you know what I mean . and well -- I will tell you this much -- the wolfman do come in here now and then , with tape , to check up on I , you know , and when I hear the storey he get about the place he go . Hell , here I sit while there 's a big beautiful world out there , do not ya know . wolfman come in last time talk about some exotic jungle country , hand I cigar he say be roll on the naked thigh of brown beauty . the wolfman be everywhere and he see everything . he get so many storey , so many memory . and here I sit suck on popsicle . curt look at he a moment . curt why do not you leave ? manager well , I be no kid anymore . I be here a long time . and the wolfman - - well , the wolfman give I my start and he 's sorta become my life . I can not leave he now . gotta be loyal to the wolfman , you understand . curt nod and stand . the manager swivel around and punch some button , put on a commercial . he turn back . manager I tell you what . if I can possibly do it tonight , I will try to relay this dedication and get it on the air for you later on . curt that would be great . thanks . really . he shake the manager 's hand , then wipe it on he pants . manager sorry , sticky little mother be not they ? bye . curt ' bye . curt go out the door . he start back out through the maze of window and electronic machine . echoing throughout the room , the wolfman 's raucous voice follow curt . the wolfman howl and curt turn . through the maze of glass , shifting like prism , he see the station manager sit by the mike -- howling ! then , he laugh and howl again , start to sing a song call " bluebirds on my dingale , " pound out the rhythm on the console . curt wolfman ... he back away , leave the wolfman , who 's on he foot now , scream out the end of the song , dance by himself in the little glass room , from which he voice radiate out through the night and around the world ... mel' drive -in John be work under the hood of the deuce coupe when falfa 's chevy drive into the parking lot . the radio be now blast " heart and soul . " Terry move over toward John 's car . John do not look up , although he be quite aware of falfa 's entrance . falfa slow down in front of John 's car and revs he engine again . John look up -- Laurie be in the car with falfa . she look determine not to seem as scared as she really be . terry hey , John , let I go with you . come on . JOHN naw , man . I can not take you when I be racin ' somebody . terry ah , come on . just let I go . so I can watch . or , I will flag you , okay ? JOHN all right . go ahead . Terry start to climb into the car . John look over at falfa in the rumbling chevy . JOHN paradise Road . falfa grin and goose the chevy , peel out of mel 's drive - in . cruising MAIN STREET --falfa' '55 chevy falfa look over at Laurie , who be watch the road nervously . falfa all right now , where 's this paradise Road ? laurie you just follow this street straight out of town ... listen , if you be gonna race John milner , you can let I out right when we get there . falfa why do not you shut up , baby ? you be not say one word all night long . what a weird broad . but you be gonna appreciate I soon . you be gonna be hangin ' on for mercy , when I get this sucker rollin ' . he accelerate the chevy , shifting up deftly . Laurie look scared now . cruising 10 th STREET --steve's '58 chevy Steve be cruise along the almost desert street look for Laurie . a t-roadster pull up alongside and a guy shout at Steve . dale you head out to paradise Road ? steve paradise Road , I be not -- dale some guy name falfa go up against milner . steve John 's racing falfa ? dale yeah . figure something be up , see they go out of town real cautious and then -- but Steve be go . Dale look surprised as the chevy roar off toward paradise Road . mel' drive -in --pre-dawn curt pull into the parking lot just as the neon sign go out . the last car be leave as the drive - in shutter up for the night . curt stop next to the light phone booth and sit in he car , listen to the wolfman . wolfman ( v.o. ) I get a dedication here that 's for a friend of the wolfman - - a special friend of the wolfman who 's leave town tomorrow and want I to play the next song for a blonde young lady in a thunderbird . a white t- Bird , you understand ? now my friend 's name curt and he want to talk to you out there , baby . so you meet he at Burger City , or phone diamond 3132 . now he 's a friend of mine , you hear , and , little girl , you better call he , or the wolfman gonna get you . the wolfman howl and curt smile , lean he chin on he hand , look around the dark drive - in , wonder about tomorrow . paradise road --dawn John 's ' 32 yellow deuce coupe and falfa 's black ' 55 chevy be wait side by side on a long , straight country road , they front wheel rest on a weather - beat start line . the sky be get lighter as the radio play " Green onion . " there be about six to eight other car park off the road to watch the race . everything be quiet now , only the cricket ignore the solemnity of the scene , and still sing . Terry jump out of John 's car , John hand he the flashlight and he take up a position in front of the two car . John look over at falfa , who 's argue with Laurie . JOHN hey -- Laurie , what in the hell be you do in there ? be she gonna ride with you ? laurie mind you own business , John . falfa yeah , she 's with I . you worry about yourself , man . terry everybody ready ? John settles back in the driver 's seat and position he hand on the gear-shift , which we see be wrap with rag because of the miss knob . both driver start revvin ' they engine ; the tension build . Terry look nervous , the engine start to scream and Terry , he hand shaking on the flashlight , manage to flash it on . both car roar off the start line , tire smoking and scream . Terry have he hand over he head and be cough in a cloud of smoke as they pass . John beat falfa off the line . out on the road , as they hit third gear , the car be almost neck and neck . Inside falfa 's car , Laurie look scared to death . falfa look insane as he tromp it . John hit fourth at about eighty - five . falfa do likewise -- but start to fish-tail . Laurie close she eye , almost cry -- falfa regains control nervously . falfa 's engine be wind out incredibly and he begin to get the edge on John . the car rocket through the dawn light along the flash white line until suddenly falfa 's car blow a tire , he front wheel slip off and the car shoot off into a tomato field , hit a irrigation ditch and begin flipping over wildly in a horrifying cloud of dust and smoke -- John see the chevy leave the road and scream to a halt , swim through a unbelievable u-turn and high tailing it back to the crash site . he be out of the car like a bullet , run across the dirty cloddy field . the crash car be beginning to burn in the engine compartment and John be panicked . meanwhile , the spectator have arrive , include Steve , who jump from he car and be run across the field . Steve and John arrive at the fire at approximately the same time . they stop , the flame be get higher , burn up into the tree now . Steve look around wildly -- he see John and go at he . steve you stupid sonofabitch , she be in that car ! why do you have -- he take a couple of swing at John , who finally manage to tackle he around the waist . they both get up look at the flame wreckage . then John move around the side , crouching , try to see past the flame -- suddenly , he stand and motion to Steve to come over . they both circle the wreck . around behind the flame car falfa be stand in a state of shock watch the car go up in smoke , while Laurie be circle he , scream and beat he with she purse . laurie I say I do not -- you lousy greasy jerk ! you coulda kill I -- what 's wrong with you . you clubfoot ... she beat at he , cry hysterically . Steve run over and grab she , pull she away . she fight at Steve , too , not know what 's go on . laurie no , no , no . please , do not come near I . no , please . I think I be gonna be sick . oh , Steven . steve Laurie , please . stand in the early light , Steve hold she . she throw she arm around he as the crowd develop along the irrigation ditch to watch the flame car . laurie oh , Steven ! oh , Steven , please , do not leave I . do not leave I , Steven . steve I will not . laurie I could not bear it . steve I will not . laurie please . steve believe I . John look at falfa who 's shaking he head , watch the car dissolve . JOHN come on , before she blow . he pull he off by the neck of the shirt and when they be a few yard off , falfa 's ' 55 chevy do blow - - explode like a small a-bomb , blow it into modesto history . back on the road , John be head toward he car , its engine still run , its door open . Terry run up , trot alongside John like a puppy . terry jeez , do you show he ! he will probably never even get in a car again . JOHN he be faster . terry it be beautiful , John . just beauti -- what ? John stop by the open door of the deuce coupe . Terry stare at he and squint against the rise sun . JOHN I be losin ' , man . terry what ? JOHN he have I , man . he be pullin ' away from I just before he crash . terry you be crazy . JOHN you see it . terry no , you cream he , from right off the line . the guy never have a chance . JOHN shit , toad . the man have I . he be beat I . terry John , I do not know what you be talk about . it be the most beautiful thing I have ever see . that guy , he might as well get a wheelchair and roll himself home . man , you get ... you get the bitchinist car in the Valley . you will always be number one , John . you be the great . John nod , then look up at Terry . his face be glow , he glass be smashed and he lip be swollen . John smile . JOHN look at you glass , man . ( shaking he head ) okay , toad . we will take them all . terry ( grin ) right . JOHN we will take they ... let 's get out of here . John climb in the car . Terry yawn and shake he head . terry Jesus , what a night . he climb in too , and the deuce coupe drive off slowly as the sun rise over the ploughed field and on the radio we hear " only you . " mel' drive-in-dawn-citroen curt sleep in the little car as the sky grow lighter over the empty parking lot . the phone be ringing in the booth . it continue to ring . finally curt become aware of it and open he eye . it take he a moment to remember . then , panicked , he jump from the car and rush to the booth . curt hello , hello , hello ! a soft sexy female voice be on the other end of the line . voice ( v.o. ) curt ? curt yeah ... this be curt , who be this ? voice who be you expect ? curt do you drive a white t- Bird ? voice a white ' 56 . I see you on third Street . curt you know I . voice of course ! curt who be you ? how do you know I ? voice it 's not important . curt ( excitedly ) it 's important to I . you be the most perfect , beautiful creature I have ever see and I do not know anything about you . could we meet someplace ? voice I cruise third Street every night . maybe I will see you again tonight . curt no ... I do not think so . voice why ? curt I be leave ... in a couple of hour . where be you from ? voice curt ... curt what 's you name ? at least tell I you name ? voice Goodbye , curt . curt wait a second ! wait a second ! but there 's a click as she hang up . curt look at the phone a moment , then also hang up . from the car radio , he hear the wolfman make kissing noise . wolfman ( v.o. ) Little kiss on you ear . good night , sweetheart . I will see you later . and then the spaniel duh-duh-duh-duh - duh into " goodnight sweetheart . " airport day a DC - 3 prop airliner be warming up its engine as it wait to take off from a small country airport . there be not too many people around . just curt and he friend and family see he off . curt stand with a kindly - look couple in they fifty . he hug he mother and shake hand with he dad . then , curt move to he friend . he shake Steve 's hand . steve good luck . curt yeah , same to you . and I better see you there next year . steve oh yeah , I will be there . curt sure . curt hug he sister . Laurie hold on to he for a moment . curt see ya later . laurie ' bye ' bye , curt . curt go to Terry and John . curt so long , guy . terry well , stay cool , man . curt yeah . terry ah -- do not do anything I would not do . curt smile at Terry , who have a bandage on he forehead . curt look at John and they do not seem to know what to say . finally , John give curt a little slap on the cheek . curt I will see ya , buddy . JOHN I know , you probably think you be a big shot , goin ' off like this -- but you be still a punk . curt okay , John . so long . he walk toward the plane and they all wave . he look around as he go up the step carry a small bag and a portable radio . the stewardess smile as he pass she . above the door of the plane it read radar equipped . curt look back again , then go inside . the plane take off down the runway and then climb up into the sky . inside the plane curt listen to the radio as the plane take off . it 's play " goodnight sweetheart . " as the plane climb and bank over the valley , the music fade and the station drift between static and other station ... and then it 's go . curt turn off the radio and look out the window . as the plane bank , through the window curt see the white thunderbird crossing beneath on the small grey ribbon of highway . curt watch it . then the plane 's shadow ripple over the car and it , too , be go . the blue sky as the plane fly off against the blue sky we see cameo of curt and he friend : John milner be kill by a drunk driver in December 1964 . Terry field be report miss in action near a loc in December 1965 . Steve bolander be a insurance agent in modesto , California . curt Henderson be a writer live in Canada . the end