american gangster written by Steven Zaillian final shoot script July 27 , 2006 1 ext . jazz club - day 1 a tall , handsome man in a dark suit emerge from a lincoln towncar and enter a small , basement r&amp ; B / Jazz club . 2 int . jazz club - day 2 he approach a booth , say something in the din to the man there , then calmly shoot they and exit . american gangster 3 ext . harlem STREET - day ( november ) 3 bumpy Johnson , a elderly but still sturdy black man , elegantly dress - cashmere overcoat , glove , homburg - stand in fall snow atop a flatbe truck - as he do every Thanksgiving - toss down turkey to the poor - like a benign king . legend : harlem a young man , the gunman from the club - Frank Lucas - bumpy 's driver / bodyguard / collector / protege - watch from below . 4 int / ext . STREET / discount emporium - day ( november ) 4 whisper gunfire from a television set veile by foreground snow : Soldiers in the jungle of Vietnam in 1970 . a rich , culture , authoritative voice offer : bumpy o/s this be the problem . this be what 's wrong with America . the war footage multiply by twenty : a stack of tvs with price tag dangle from the knob behind a display window . bumpy o/s it 's get so big you can not find you way . people on the sidewalk , out of respect or fear , part to let Frank and bumpy and bumpy 's german shepherd pass . bumpy the corner grocery 's a supermarket . candy store 's a macdonald 's . and this place . ( more ) ( cont ) 2 . 4 continued : 4 bumpy ( cont 'd ) where 's the pride of ownership here ? where 's the personal service ? do anybody work here ? Inside , the emporium be vast , with aisle that seem to stretch off into infinity . the tvs give way to a display window full of japanese stereo componentry . bumpy what right do they have cut out the supplier , push all the middlemen out , buy direct from the manufacturer - Sony this , toshiba that , all they chink - put Americans out of work ? he 's not really ask Frank , so Frank do not answer . bumpy what be I suppose to do with a place like this , Frank ? who be I suppose to ask for , the assistant manager ? ( pause ) this be the problem . this be the way it be now : you can not find the heart of anything to stick the knife . bumpy stop before a display of camera and stare in . they be all point at he as a pain grip he chest and he sink to he knee . Frank kneel down . frank what be it ? bumpy seem unable to speak , look to Frank confuse . frank somebody call a ambulance ! but the store suddenly seem empty . Frank yell into the emporium but can not be hear above the muzak and the cash register ringing up sale bumpy will never see a piece of . look up at Frank , bumpy manage weakly - bumpy forget it , Frank . no one 's in charge . 5 ext . bumpy's apartment - day 5 limousine from the funeral disgorge mourner : family , friend , celebrity , politician . cop on horseback move through the enormous crowd that have gather to watch . FBI agent in car snap picture with long lense of italian mobster like Albert tosca . ( cont ) 3. 5 continued : 5 reporter - whose pass have bring together a who 's who of mourner on this chilly afternoon . the Governor have come down . the mayor of New York - its Chief of Police and commissioner - sport and entertainment luminary - a white bentley pull up , disgorge Jackie Fox - the original superfly - and he entourage . with he trademark tinted gucci glass on , he happily pose for anyone with a camera - include the fed - before go inside . 6 int . bumpy's apartment - later 6 the report continue on a tv no one 's really watch here : a March of time -like history of bumpy Johnson , fame harlem gangster , Robin Hood and killer . reporter on tv he be a great man , accord to the eulogy . a give man . a man of the people . no one choose to include in they remembrance the word most often associate with ellsworth bumpy Johnson : gangster . sitting off by himself in bumpy 's elegant garden apartment , heretofore he private sanctuary , Frank survey the mourner circle the place like vulture : tango Black , a huge brute , scavenge the cater food and tend bar ... Jackie Fox , surround by he ever- present coterie of sycophant ... Albert tosca , a elegant italian capo , and a underl , Rossi , at the bar . tosca White wine , please . a white man who look like a banker - and be - sit down next to Frank . banker how you do , Frank ? frank all right . banker what a loss . ( Frank nod ) how be you otherwise ? thing okay financially ? ( cont ) 4. 6 continued : 6 Frank do not say . it feel unseemly to he to be talk about money here . he watch tango carelessly set a watery glass of ice on a antique inlaid chess table . banker bumpy set something up for you ? Frank excuse himself without a answer , cross to where tango leave the glass , and set it on a coaster . tango hey , Frank , get I a ashtray while you be at it . bumpy 's german shepherd watch as Frank reach into he jacket , revealing a gun nestle in its shoulder holster . he take out a handkerchief , wipe the condensation dry , open a drawer and remove a ashtray . he hold it out to tango - who be not sure it 's not a dare and decide to wander off . charlie I know you be hurt , Frank . so be i. Frank sit back down with Charlie Williams , a older dope man . charlie you go to be all right ? frank yeah . charlie I be sure bumpy never tell you , but he make I promise , anything ever happen to he , I would make sure you do not go without . frank I will be fine , Charlie . half the people here owed bumpy money when he die . a lot of money . if they think I be go to forget to collect , they be wrong . charlie that 's the spirit . go get they . on the tv , over archive film and photograph of crime figure from the 1940' and ` 50' , the opinion be offer that bumpy 's death " mark the end of a era ... " 5 . a7 int . classroom - night a7 a figure , he back to we , walk slowly toward a blackboard like a man to the gallow . richie v.o . I live in fear of hearing my name call . professor Mr. Roberts , give we U.S. versus . meade - richie v.o . of walk up there , turn around , know every one of they know more than I do - professor subject , issue , what the determination be and what it mean to we today . richie Roberts turn and face he classmate , all of they a decade or more young than he . 7 ext . motel - new jersey - day 7 harlem 's jag tooth skyline jut across the river at the other end of the George Washington Bridge . on this side - a sledgehammer grip in richie 's fist , on the move , suddenly fill the frame . richie you know the number 1 fear of most people be not die ; it 's public speak . they get physically ill . they throw up . rivera and that 's what you want to do for a live . richie I do not like be like that . I want to beat it . armed with the sledgehammer , richie and he partner - javy rivera - come past a seedy motel office where a tv show another report about bumpy Johnson . legend : New Jersey a motel clerk look up , glimpsis the sledgehammer - ( cont ) 6 . 7 continued : 7 clerk hey - rivera flash a New Jersey detective 's shield without break stride . take a subpoena out of another pocket . rivera who 's go to do this ? richie he know I , he will take it from I . I have know he since high school . rivera just throw it in , he do not take it . that 's good service . they reach a particular motel room door . rivera knock . the door open the length of a chain , revealing a wise guy in a undershirt , who , when he see the subpoena , start to close the door - rivera throw it - as richie fling the subpoena in , the door slam on he hand . he wail in agony , try to shoulder it open , hear the dead bolt lock on the other side , feel campizi 's tooth bite into he finger , watch he blood run down the frame . rivera down - richie hang down from he hand as the sledgehammer swing past he head shatter the door - 8 int / ext . motel room - continuous 8 the door rip from its hinge and the detective crash in . the wise guy - campizi - hurry for the bathroom , slam the door . this one 's hollow and the detective more easily break through it - campizi try to climb out the bathroom window . richie grab he , throw he into the shower stall , take the plastic curtain down with they , smear it with blood as richie beat at he before rivera can pull he off . 9 int . ambulance - moving - day 9 a male paramedic attend to campizi 's bloody face while a female paramedic clean richie 's bloody hand . ( cont ) 7. 9 continued : 9 campizi I swear to God , richie , I do not know it be you . I would never slam a door on you hand . knowingly . richie you bit my fuckin hand - richie lunge at he , hit he again with he injure hand - which hurt richie more than it do campizi . the paramedics manage to pull he away . campizi what can we do , richie ? you do not want to do this . for old time sake , what can we do ? who do you want ? who can I give you ? you want Big sal 's bookie ? you want he accountant ? I will give he to you . richie regards he a moment . a policy ring 's accountant would not be bad . he glance back to he paramedic dabbing at he bloody hand , and notice she 's not bad-look . she smile back . 10 int . NY police hq - entrance / stair - day 10 four man in long black leather coat stride toward like they own the city . it 's impossible to tell if they be cop or gangster . legend : New York City 11 int . new york police annex - property room - day 11 one of the same undercover cop - detective trupo - scribbles a signature and badge number different from the one on he gold shield lie next to the voucher request evidence need in court . he push the voucher under a sign - " all handguns and narcotics before 10 be next window " - to a clerk who take it past floor - to - ceiling shelf cover with file , plastic bag bulg with handgun , knife and gambling receipt . bulkier item - like shotgun and baseball bat - lie unwrapped with dangle tag . the clerk reach a chain - link cage where the most valuable item be lock up - narcotic , pornography , cash - check the voucher against tag , take down a old green suitcase . 8. 12 ext . warehouse - day 12 trupo 's car - a Shelby mustang - roar up . he climb out , cross to a warehouse with the suitcase as the other three siu prince of the City follow from another car , cradling grocery bag . 13 int . warehouse - day 13 trupo snap the suitcase open revealing five half - kilo bag of uncut heroin in clear plastic bag . the other cop pull from the grocery bag : a pyrex mixing bowl , flour sifter , box of milk - sugar , latex kitchen glove , a medical scale , and yellow baggy . hand peel back the distinctive black and green " evidence " tape on the clear plastic bag . dump the heroin into twenty yellow baggy . a half - kilo of lactose be pour into each of the now - empty property room bag . trupo now just enough for the reagent test . he remove one tablespoon of heroin from each of the baggy , and the now- almost- heroin - free powder be mix through the flour sifter , pour back into the clear bag , the tape reseale , the bag return to the suitcase . 14 int . NY courtroom - day 14 the suitcase and " heroin , " and some weapon and money , have be arrange on a evidence table with the care of a macy 's display window . trupo - the officer in charge of the case - watch the jury file in - 15 ext . under expressway - day 15 a lincoln Continental pull up . trupo climb out of he Shelby with a sport bag , cross to the lincoln , climb in back where a italian wise guy - Rossi - sit . trupo unzip the bag revealing the recut heroin - in the yellow plastic . rossi v/o this be the french connection dope . the same dope popeye doyle and sonny grasso take from we . 16 omit 16 omit 9 . 17 int . italian bar - NY - day 17 Frank come into a empty bar , chair up on table . a middle - age man mop up glance up at he as he cross to a back room . rossi v/o they seize it , arrest everybody , whack it up and sell it back to we . we dope . they be live off it for year , this New York cop . 18 int . italian bar - back room - NY - day 18 several ounce of the dope sit in foreground on a table . rossi they basically control the market with it . what the fuck have happen to the world , Frank ? frank fuckin crook . Rossi , who look more like a middle - age accountant than the italian dope supplier he be , make two espressos . rossi sad about bumpy . behind Frank , a tv air a report by walter cronkite on the heroin problem among gis in Vietnam . rossi thing be never go to be the same in harlem . the girl , the club , the music - walk down the street , nobody bother you because bumpy 's make sure of it . ( hand Frank one of the espressos ) how bad be it there now ? 18pt flashcut to harlem 18pt guy barge into a room , steal money from a crap game at gunpoint - cop push guy against a bar , empty they pocket - a dealer shoot another dealer in a alley - 18pt back to the HOTEL room 18pt frank it 's chaos . every gorilla for himself . ( cont ) 10 . 18pt continued : 18pt rossi who can live like that ? there have to be order . that would never happen with italian . more important than any one man 's life - be order . 19 ext . harlem - day 19 a street sign on a corner : 116th and 8th Avenue . 20 int . diner - harlem - day 20 as be he custom , Frank eat breakfast alone . a middle - age waitress appear when he 's do , pick up he plate and refill he coffee . frank thank you , charlene . last one . charlene it 's all right with I , Frank , you can stay all day if you want , but I would not . it 's nice outside . frank then maybe I will have to go for a walk . just cause you say so . she smile and leave . Frank pour some sugar in he coffee . someone tap on the window and he look up , see two serviceman - one in uniform - one he recognize . 21 int . redtop' apartment build - day 21 Frank lead the serviceman up the stair of a building . 22 int . redtop' apartment - day 22 corner apartment above the street . a girl sit smoking at a work table cover with drug-cutte apparatus . another - Frank 's cutter and sometimes - girlfriend , Red top - set a couple of packet of heroin in front of the serviceman . red top on the house for we man in uniform . serviceman 1 why , thank you , sugar , that 's very kind . red top thank Frank . ( cont ) 11 . 22 continued : 22 Frank nod , you be welcome before the man can thank he . the serviceman start cooking up the dope . frank how 's nate ? you see he ? serviceman 1 all the time . nate be everywhere . he 's good . get himself a club now . frank where , saigon ? serviceman 1 bangkok . serviceman 2 I do not think he 's ever come home . regard the dope as the serviceman shoot it up - frank you be gonna have to boot it a couple time . cop keep cut it , sell it , cut it - serviceman 1 I do not want to say anything cause the price be right - but the shit in nam be way , way , way , way , way - he begin to nod out before he can finish the sentence . 23 omit 23 omit 24 ext . social club - newark - late afternoon 24 across the river , richie , rivera and campizi sit in the car park across from a close social club . a man carry a grocery bag come out and campizi duck lower in the seat . campizi that 's he . newsboy moriarty 's mob accountant put the grocery bag in the trunk of a car , climb in behind the wheel . 25 ext . newark - scrap metal yard - late afternoon 25 from the park car they observe the accountant put another bag in he trunk . 12 . 26 ext . STREET - newark - late afternoon 26 he come out of another place with another bag . to campizi - richie all right . get lose . get out . campizi slink out of the car . richie and rivera follow after newsboy moriarty 's accountant 's car . 27 ext . parking lot - late afternoon 27 they tail the car into a lot , park and watch the accountant leave he car and get into another car that 's park there . rivera we gonna stay with he or the car ? whatever they do , they will have to decide quick . richie let 's see who come for the car . 28 ext . parking lot - newark - night 28 all the other car be go . rivera climb into richie 's with coffee and a Coke in a bag , hand he the can . rivera think he make we ? richie do not know . glance at he watch . crane in he seat to look behind they . richie you call for the warrant ? where be they ? rivera I just call . I call and walk back here and ten second have go by . richie watch a attendant lock up , listen to the street lamp buzz , grow impatient . indicating the other car : richie we see he with the slip , javy . rivera you see policy slip ? you see grocery bag . you do not know what 's in they . ( cont ) 13 . 28 continued : 28 richie yes , I do , and so do you , do not give I that bullshit - rivera what 's the rush ? half a hour the warrant will be here - richie I get night school . rivera guess you be go to miss it . ( rivera sip at he coffee ; then : ) you know , what you be say before - about throw up in front of people - money will take that feel away . richie not when it 's less . rivera less than what . richie than what I make now . rivera no lawyer on earth make less than a cop . richie they do in the prosecutor 's Office . Three thousand less . rivera you be fuckin kid I . richie be not kid . rivera stare at he like he 's crazy . richie check he watch . he 's wait long enough . richie fuck this - rivera richie - richie get out , open the trunk , grab a slimjim and bolt cutter , cut through a gate chain and stride to the accountant 's car , rivera follow . richie trip the passenger door lock and pull at the trunk release , and , as he come around back to search it - ( cont ) 14 . 28 continued : 28 richie check inside . rivera may as well ; the damage to the case , if there be one anymore , be do . he crawl inside the car to look under the seat and in the glove compartment . gravely - richie javy ... richie 's stare into the trunk like there 's a body inside . rivera come over , take a look , see it 's money : stack of it rubber - band together , spilling from grocery bag - more than either of they have ever see . as the trunk close - 29 ext . parking lot / richie be car - later - night 29 richie and rivera sit in they car in silence , stare out at the car with the money in it . eventually - richie this be not a couple of buck . rivera it 's the same thing . in principle . richie we be talk about principle ? rivera richie , a cop who turn in this kind of money say one thing : he will turn in cop who take money . we will be pariah . richie we be fuck either way . rivera not if we keep it . only if we do not . then we be fuck , you be right . but not if we keep it . richie ( more to himself ) yes , we be . rivera goddamn it , do we ask for this ? do we put a gun to someone 's head and say , give we you money ? cop kill cop they can not trust . we can not turn it in . they regard each other again in silence ... 15 . 30 int . newark police station - later - night 30 as a police captain count the stack of money , Lou toback , richie 's superior from the prosecutor office , walk in , he night out interrupt by this emergency . he cross to where richie and rivera sit alone in a corner . quietly : toback how much . richie nine hundred and eighty thousand . toback what happen to the rest ? it 's a joke but be not funny , not even to toback . he regards he man who turn it in , then the other cop in the place - who be watch they and the money be count . toback walk over to the captain , and , quietly : toback what be you do count this in front of everybody ? be you out of you fuckin mind ? take it into a room . now . richie 's glance to rivera say , you be right , we be fuck . 31 int / ext . newark police station - pre -dawn 31 as richie leave alone , he 's aware of all the eye on he - know the other cop ' look do not signify awe or respect , but contempt and fear , like rivera predict . neither will ever be trust again . he climb into he car , drive off . 32 int . diner - harlem - day 32 tango and he bodyguard come in and approach Frank 's table where he read the morning paper as he eat breakfast . tango do not you see the jar , Frank ? I think you walk right past it . Frank ignore he , fork at he egg , eat . tango sit . tango the money jar . on the corner . what I get to do , put a sign on it ? Frank indicate that he would answer if he mouth be not full . he swallow finally , but then only reach for he coffee cup to take a sip , further irritate tango . ( cont ) 16 . 32 continued : 32 tango bumpy do not own 116th Street no more , Frank . bumpy do not own no real estate in harlem no more . I be the landlord now and the lease be twenty - percent . Frank dab at he mouth with a napkin and give tango a look that say that will not be happen . tango then do not sell dope , Frank . get a fuckin job . you need a job ? you can be my driver , drive I around , open my door , yes , sir , no sir , where to , sir , right away , massa Johnson , sir . right now tango be dead . no doubt about it . on the surface , though , Frank remain cool . frank twenty percent ? tango of every dollar . every vig , every truckload , every girl , every ounce . in the jar . frank twenty percent 's my profit . if I be give it to you then what be I do ? twenty percent put I , and everyone you know , out of business , which put you out of business . ( reach for he breakfast check ) there be way to make money legitimately , and then there 's this way . not even bumpy take twenty percent . tango bumpy 's fuckin dead . Frank regards tango a moment , get up , take out he money clip , cover the check on the table with a five , peel off a $ 1 bill from the clip , toss it down in front of tango . frank there . that 's twenty - percent . as he turn and leave , tango watch after he ... 17 . 33 int . richie' apartment - night 33 stitched - up , black and blue hand dump a can of soup in a pot , put it on the stove . 34 int . franks apartment - night - intercut 34 a pencil clutch by long finger scribbles figure . but no matter how many time Frank do the arithmetic , there 's not much leave , he calculate , after he pay the italian supplier and , if he be to , tango . 35 int . richie' apartment - night - continued 35 richie have move to a small desk cluttere with law textbooks . he crack one open to study for the New Jersey bar exam as he eat the soup out of the pot he heat it in . above he on the wall be a frame photograph of Joe Louis stand over a sprawle - on- the-mat billy conn . 36 ext . coney island - beach - day - intercut 36 a bleak day . seagull fight over scrap on the sand as other hover overhead , flap and caw . alone near the water , Frank toss a stick for the german shepherd he inherite . 37 int . richie' apartment - night - intercut 37 richie open a small wooden box in he bleak apartment , revealing a ounce of marijuana , roll papers and clip . as he roll a joint - bumpy v/o a leader be like a shepherd - 38 ext . coney island - beach - day - continued 38 the sound of the gull and surf and roller coaster begin to fade as Frank throw the stick again . bumpy v/o send the fast nimble sheep out front , and the other follow as the shepherd walk quietly behind - the dog retrieve the stick , but this time - somehow - it 's to bumpy 's hand he return it . Frank listen attentively . bumpy he 's get the stick - the cane - and he will use if he have to . ( more ) ( cont ) 18 . 38 continued : 38 bumpy ( cont 'd ) but most of the time he do not have to . he move the whole herd - quietly . bumpy smile and toss the stick . 39 int . richie' apartment - night - intercut 39 the smoke from the joint rise to the ceiling as richie study . 40 ext . coney island - beach - day - continued 40 the dog trot back to bumpy and Frank with the stick . 41 ext . boardwalk - coney island - later 41 hot dog stand . bumpy hand a hot dog to Frank , hold out another to the shepherd . to camera : bumpy what right do they have cut out the supplier , the middlemen , buy direct , put Americans out of work ... this be the way it be now , Frank . Frank nod . the vender hand he a napkin . the shepherd be still with he , but bumpy be go , and the gull and the people on the roller coaster squeal as Frank come out of he meditative trance with a idea . 42 close - up : ( doctor' office ) 42 a needle pierce the crook of Frank 's arm . slight grimace . a cotton ball be push onto the puncture . malaria shot . 43 close - up : ( photography shop ) 43 a strobe light up Frank 's face : a passport photo . 44 close - up : ( post office ) 44 the photo and a duplicate be staple to a passport application . 45 int . chemical bank - safety - deposit room - day 45 key turn the lock of a safety - deposit box . the lid lift revealing deck of cash . Frank take it all out , slip one slender packet into bumpy 's banker 's jacket pocket . frank get yourself a new suit . 19 . 46 int . chemical bank - vice president's office - day 46 under portrait of bank vice president before he , the man type out a Chemical Bank check for Frank for $ 400,000 . 47 - 48 omit 47 - 48 omit 49 ext . park - newark - day - same time 49 the sound of the plane growl and fade overhead as richie 's ex- wife keep a eye on they son play on a grassy area . richie I be sorry . laurie I do not know , richie . richie it could not be avoid . next weekend I will be able to take he . she regards he with a weary look , but he 's look over at one of the other - better-look - mom in the park . laurie I be move . he look back , not sure he hear right . richie what ? where ? laurie to the St. regis , what do you care . ( pause ) my sister 's . richie you sister 's . in Vegas ? he glance away to a sound : shatter glass . some teen - ager break bottle on the ground . richie you can not move to Vegas . not with Michael anyway . laurie what be I suppose to do with he ? leave he with you ? there 's a picture . ( cont ) 20 . 49 continued : 49 richie ( to the vandal ) hey , you want to shut up over there ? the teenager ignore he . he try to ignore they , but it 's hard with the constant noise . richie no court will allow it for one thing . I will not allow it . laurie you ? richie when be I suppose to see my son ? laurie last weekend ! they son glance over at they . richie look over at the teenager again break bottle , then back to Laurie . richie Laurie , you can not raise a kid in Las Vegas . laurie oh , like this be a good environment . around you friend . there be less creep in Vegas . richie what 's he go to grow up to be in a mobbed up place like that ? what be you think ? laurie I be think - richie - of he ! richie goddamn it - the noise of the glass be drive he crazy . he stride over to the teenager , who look at he like , what be you gonna do , old man , it 's four against one . richie I tell you nice to shut the fuck up . now I be gonna kill you . he pull out he gun and aim it at one of they , then the other . all instinctively try to cover they head . ( cont ) 21 . 49 continued : 49 richie pick up the fuckin glass ! as they dive to they knee to do what they be tell , Laurie walk away with she son , who look back over he shoulder at he father with he gun out . 50 ext . bangkok - night 50 Frank sit in the back of a motor samlor . bicycles dart around it like fly . 51 - 52 omit 51 - 52 omit 53 int . soul brother bar - night 53 the clientele be almost exclusively black serviceman on r&amp ; R and asian woman . a trio of ex - GI 's play authentic Southern blue on a small stage . Ham hock and collard green come out of the kitchen . smoke choke the place . Frank , one of the few man not in uniform , and not drunk or stone , sit alone at a table with a coca - cola and survey the activity : dope be roll . dope be smoke . dope be shot . GI 's and prostitute climb a staircase . his eye follow a Army master sergeant , move among the table as if check on the GI 's well be . but at some , he hand take money , leave in its place packet of powder . the sergeant feel eye on he and glance up , catch Frank watch he from across the room . he squint through the smoke at the figure at the table in the shadow , and , in a kind of shock , more to himself - nate Frank - ? Frank half - lift he glass to wave , and nate beam . 54 int . soul brother bar - night 54 Frank have guest at he table now : he cousin nate the sergeant , and two young asian wise guy . they talk about he in thai ( subtitle ) : thai he say how much he want ? nate he say " a lot . " what that mean , I do not know . four or five key ? ( cont ) 22 . 54 continued : 54 the thais regard Frank a moment , size he up . thai he 's you cousin . nate my cousin- in - law . my ex - wife 's cousin . thai ask he how much he want . nate how much you gonna want , Frank ? frank a hundred kilo . nate blink like there 's something in he eye ... 55 ext . bangkok - STREET vender - day 55 steam and neon . Frank and nate at a crowded stand . nate no one I know can get that much . it would have to be piece together from several supplier and none of it 's gonna be 100 - percent pure . frank that 's not what I want . nate I know that . but that mean deal with the chiu - chou syndicate in cholon or saigon - if they will deal with you - frank no , even then it 's too late . it 's be chop . I want to get it where they get it . from the source . nate stare at he ... then laugh . Frank do not . nate you be gonna go get it . frank why not . nate you be gonna go into the fuckin jungle - ( cont ) 23 . 55 continued : 55 frank I have live in jungle all my ( life ) - nate no . this be the jungle . Tigers . vietcong . the fuckin snake alone will kill you . aa56 int . new jersey board of bar examiner - day aa56 a room of student - type desk and no character . richie , and fifty other , have be here for hour take the exam less than half of they will pass . a56 ext . jungle - day a56 a motley bunch of thai thug and black american soldier with automatic weapon ride mule through the dense jungle with nate and Frank , who - armed with a pistol , a rifle and ammo bandolier like pancho villa - be enjoy himself . from he Pov , the jungle canopy suddenly open up on a poppy field the size of Manhattan . Frank stare down at it . b56 ext . jungle rise / opium farm - day b56 on the ground now with they small private army , nate speak with one of the thais , then translate for Frank . nate he say this whole area 's control by the kuomintang - Chiang Kai - Shek 's defeat army . some of whom they can see down below on the opium farm - chinese soldier with outdated weapon . Frank tip he head to nate at some other figure below - frank they be not chinese . a handful of better-armed american sentries at the perimeter of the farm . CIA . Frank , nate and the other hang back as one of the thais step ahead to speak to the guerilla . c56 ext . opium farm - later c56 the processing center for the entire region . the thai translator be with Frank to negotiate with a vanquish chinese general . other Americans and thais guard they while the chinese with they CIA advisor guard they . 24 . d56 int . bamboo dwelling - later - day d56 the chinese general examine Frank 's papers - passport , visa , bank receipt - and lot of cash - then study Frank . general how would you get it into the States ? frank what do you care ? general who do you work for in there ? frank what do you care ? general who be you really ? frank it say right there . Frank Lucas . general I mean , who you represent ? frank me. the man do not believe it , but let it go . general you think you be go to take a hundred kilo of heroin into the US and you do not work for anyone ? someone be go to allow that ? Frank shrug . the general regards one of he man . in chinese , subtitle : general I do not believe a word of this . the general regards the cash and paperwork again for a moment . and , to Frank : general after this first purchase , if you be not kill by marseille importer - or they people in the States - then what ? ( cont ) 25 . d56 continued : d56 frank then there would be more . on a regular basis . though I would rather not have to drag my ass all the way up here every time . the man regards Frank for a long moment . glance back to the cash and paperwork again . finally - general of course not . e56 ext . jungle army lz - vietnam - day e56 torrential monsoon rain . dripping camouflage . nate and Frank climb down from the huey . Frank no longer wear the bandolier . now a press card dangle from he neck . f56 int / ext . tent / jungle army lz - later - day f56 stripe on the uniform of a black colonel with nate under a canopy . outside , in the distance , in the rain , Frank hang out with some other black serviceman . colonel where 's it now ? nate bangkok . I can bring it here or anywhere in between . colonel a hundred kilo . ( nate nod ) I never see that much dope in one place . nate it 's bigger than a amana refrigerator - freezer . g56 int / ext . jungle army lz - later - day g56 nate and Frank watch the colonel emerge from the tent and cross through the rain on duck - board to another tent to speak with a white officer , a 2 - star general . nate fifty grand . in advance . that will cover they , the pilot and the guy on the other end . frank give they a hundred . ( cont ) 26 . g56 continued : g56 nate fifty , to cover they all . frank a hundred . and it 's all I get leave . so if that dope do not arrive , for whatever reason - ( embrace nate and whisper ) cousin or no cousin - do not let I down . he hold out a business envelope fat with money . nate hesitates , know Frank have just say he will kill he if thing do not go right , then take it . nate I will let you know when it 's in the air . 56 int . richie' apartment - newark - dawn 56 the nurse / paramedic who stitched up he hand be in richie 's bed make so much noise he 's worried someone will call the cop . the phone ring . and will not stop . neither will the nurse as richie answer it - rivera v/o richie ? richie , I be in trouble . this fuckin guy " make " I - I do not know how but he do . he go for he gun . I have to do it , I swear to God . now they be go to kill I . richie can hear in sander 's voice how serious it be and manage to disentangle himself from the woman . richie who . rivera v/o there 's a hundred people out there hear the shot . you gotta help I . you gotta do something . richie be he dead ? rivera v/o he 's dead . I be dead . they be gonna kill I . richie where be you ? javy , where be you ? ( cont ) 27 . 56 continued : 56 rivera v/o that 's the problem . a57 int . richie be car - moving - early morning a57 richie on he police radio , which cut in and out - dispatcher there be no car in that area , detective Roberts . richie bullshit . I get a man in trouble and I need back -up . dispatcher I miss that - you be break up - richie I say , put the fuck call out again - dispatcher I just do . no one respond . I will try again , but - richie fuck you , too . he slam the mic down . 57 ext . stephen crane project - morning 57 as richie 's car turn a corner , the Stephen crane project - the most forebode place on earth - rise up : three dark 30 - floor tower plant on war-torn grounds where a long - ago torch and abandon patrol car sit like a monument . he park and move through a agitate all - black crowd , past a ambulance outside one of the tower , through oppressive heat . it 's riot weather . 58 int . stephen crane project - morning 58 drug on a coffee table . body on the floor . rivera , despondent , on the couch . the male paramedics , scared . richie on the phone - richie sergeant , I be not ask , I be fuckin tell you : get some patrolmen over here now . ( cont ) 28 . 58 continued : 58 dial tone : the police sergeant have hang up on he . richie throw the phone . the paramedics stare at he . paramedic you get no back -up ? why be that ? the only other person who would know the answer to that be rivera , who just shake he head in despair . richie bandage he head . paramedic detective ... he 's dead . richie I know he 's fuck dead . bandage he head , clean he up , put he on a gurney and prop it up so he 's sit . and open he eye . 59 ext . stephen crane project - morning 59 richie come out ahead of the gurney , move quickly like it 's a matter of life and death ( which it be ) , motion at the crowd to allow a path to the ambulance . richie step back , injure man come out . let they do they job and he will be all right . ma'am . Excuse I . step back . sir. please . the people step back when they see the victim on the gurney : tube in he nostril , iv in he arm , eye open . before they can look any closer , he 's put in the ambulance . as it pull out , siren wail , richie lead rivera safely away - a60 ext . alley near stephen crane project - morning a60 they cross through a alley near the project and rivera finally breathes a sigh of relief . rivera thank you - the word be not out of he mouth before richie shove he up against a car . richie you rob he , do not you . ( cont ) 29 . a60 continued : a60 rivera what ? what be you talk about ? richie rip rivera 's jacket pocket . money spill out . richie this . where would this come from ? rivera what . that 's my money . I have never take dirty money in my life . richie you lie piece of shit - rivera maybe the occasional gratuity . like anybody else . you be go to tell I that 's wrong ? richie yeah . rivera no , it be not . it 's part of the salary for get shot at . for that , certain courtesy be show . in gratitude - richie , disgust with he , let go of he . rivera be embarrassed , almost cry , plead - rivera a discount on a tv , a doughboy in the backyard , a new dress for you girlfriend maybe once a year . I be talk about not live in fuck poverty . you want to call that wrong , call it wrong . richie it 's wrong . rivera then goddamn it , pay I fifty grand a year , you son of a bitch . pay I what I deserve for get shot at . no ? Fine . next time four guy come into you place with saw - off shotgun , you take care of it . richie you rob he , and then you shot he , and I help you get out of there . how many more you shot ? ( cont ) 30 . a60 continued : a60 rivera suddenly try to get tough - rivera you know what , richie ? fuck you , you make that kind of accusation against you own kind . and you know why . he take out he car key , turn to leave . come past richie who grab he arm and push the sleeve up expose a line of puncture scab and scar . richie you be a disgrace . rivera I be a leper . because I listen to you and turn in a million fuck dollar . you know who will work with I after that ? same as you . no one . richie squeeze rivera 's hand around the car key . richie do not look down there . look here . ( at richie 's eye ) you ever fuckin threaten I again , I will kill you . richie squeeze sander 's hand so hard the car key cut through the skin , draw blood . 60 - 69 omit 60 - 69 omit 70 ext . army base , new jersey - dusk 70 silence . marshland . a beat - up chevy park alongside a perimeter fence . Frank wait by the car as a military Jeep with its light out come across a fire range . it slow , stop . in it , the silhouettes of three serviceman , black , armed with m - 16' . silence again , before : army captain open the trunk . Frank do it , then stand aside as the other serviceman drag four large tape - up duffel bag from the Jeep to he car , lift they into he trunk and slam it shut . 71 int . franks apartment - later - night 71 the duffel bag , still close , on a table . Frank regards they , nursing a drink , put off the moment of discovery that he have perhaps spend he life 's savings on nothing . ( cont ) 31 . 71 continued : 71 the german shepherd watch as Frank remove the tape from one of the bag . he pull it open - have almost no reaction - except to breathe again - then open the next , and the next . and we see : several brick -like package of no. 4 heroin wrap in paper mark with chinese write , stamp with a label : two lion on they hind leg , paw on a globe , and , in English : double uoglobe brand 100 % . a72 int . franks apartment - later - dawn a72 the duffel bag be elsewhere . the only evidence of any drug be the small amount Frank have give a chemist - who look like a Harvard student - to test . it respond instantly . the young man look at Frank . chemist typically what I see be 25 to 45 percent pure . I have never see anything like this . no alkaloid , no adulterant , no dilutent . it 's a hundred percent . May I ? the chemist open a leather travel syringe kit to shoot up , but Frank give he some to take home instead . frank take it with you . I do not want to have to call the coroner . the chemist gather he thing to leave , offer a last piece of advice - chemist store it in a cool , dark place . 72 ext . greensboro , NORTH CAROLINA - dusk 72 a clapboard house set down on a piece of land that be probably once work by sharecropper . a elderly woman frame in a light kitchen window , do dish . Dark yew tree and scavenge , discard car and car part like patch of rusty snow . cricket and bullfrog . from a mound of dirt , a young man hurl a baseball to another with a catcher 's mitt exactly sixty foot away . the kid 's get a major league arm . legend : Greensboro , North Carolina a glow spill out from a detach shed where a short man in he early 30' work on a stock car . ( cont ) 32 . 72 continued : 72 a greasy phone on the workbench ring and another disreputable - look man , thumbing through a magazine , answer . jimmy yeah ... for you . teddy who be it ? Jimmy do not know , set it down . teddy come over wiping he hand on a rag , take the phone . teddy yeah . frank v/o teddy . teddy who 's this ? frank v/o Frank . teddy Frank who ? frank v/0 Frank you brother . 73 int . courtroom - day 73 divorce couple in custody battle wait with they attorney in a pack courthouse . a lawyer carry papers clipped with a $ 10 bill , come past richie , who 's sit with he lawyer , a woman he 's probably sleep with . sheila I be not talk about you proclivity , richie . that I only know too well . I be talk about be a cop . richie about take money ? I do not care about money . I do not do that . sheila because it will come out . you be go to have to sit down with shrink and social worker , she lawyer , the judge , lot of question . ( cont ) 33. 73 continued : 73 richie what 's go on there ? the judge 's assistant rearranging the pre-trial case in order of the amount of gratuity clipped to each - $ 5 , $ 10 , $ 20 bill . sheila schedule . richie no , the money . sheila schedule . what about you friend from the neighborhood ? you still hang out with they ? richie I play softball on Sunday with some guy . sheila Wise guy . that 's go to look good . richie I grow up with they , big deal . sheila what about Anthony Zaca ? richie what about he ? sheila richie , I be just try to understand thing you wife have say . if they be not true , tell I . richie yeah , tony 's one of they . sheila be he also you son 's godfather ? richie nod . Sheila glance over to where richie 's ex- wife sit with she own lawyer across the room . sheila do you really care about this ? or do you just not want she to win - ever . how often do you see you son as it be ? ( cont ) 34 . 73 continued : 73 richie not enough . but she want to make it never . sheila yeah , all right . give I a twenty . ( richie do not reach for he wallet ) well , I be not go to sit here all day . she take a twenty from she purse and carry it up to the judge 's assistant clipped to they paperwork . bailiff all rise - 74 ext . house - teaneck , new jersey - day 74 Frank and the dog in the back yard of a suburban house . his neighbor - that he can see - be white . he hear a sound - car arrive - and cross toward the house where a sell " for sale " sign lean against a half - build kennel . out front , a caravan of car and pickup truck - North Carolina plate - load with box and suitcase - have just arrive . exhausted from the drive but excited to be here , the traveler climb out : Frank 's five brother , they wife and kid , and they mother . teddy think it 's the right place . the other be not as sure . the house be too nice . there 's a new lincoln towncar park outside the garage . they will probably be shot for trespasp . the front door open and Frank come out , trail by he dog . he first gather he mother in a embrace , then each of he startle brother . 75 int . franks teaneck house - later - day 75 the house be alive with the noise of family and scent of home - cook food as the extend Lucas clan - there 's more than twenty of they - sit around a big dining room table pass the platter around . Frank , at the head of the table , clearly love have they all here . turner he get a arm on he . Major League arm , be not that right . everyone agree as Turner 's son - Frank 's nephew - the 18 - year - old boy see pitching in the North Carolina back yard - try to shrug . ( cont ) 35 . 75 continued : 75 frank you show I after supper . turner you can not catch he . he will take you head off . we be talk 95 - mile - an-hour . you know how fast that be ? you see the ball leave he hand , and that 's the last you see it before it knock you down . frank ( smile ; happy ) be that right . 76 int . franks teaneck house - later - day 76 the wonderful noise continue downstairs as Frank lead he mother on a tour of the upstairs . the place be a showroom of traditional americana . frank this be you room . Mrs. Lucas be in awe of the splendor of the bedroom and its furnishings . it 's unlike anything she 's use ever see - not graceland exactly - but not far off . her eye settle on a old vanity dot with french perfume bottle . mrs . luca how do you ... frank I have it make . from memory . mrs. luca you be five when they take it away . how could you remember it ? frank I remember . she 's stunne . touches the reproduction of the vanity she son last see more than thirty year ago . mrs . luca it 's perfect . ( look at the room ) it 's all perfect . ( she look at he ) I be so proud of you . 36 . 77 ext . hudson river - day 77 the statue of Liberty against the New York skyline . frank v/o the man I work for run one of the biggest company in New York City for almost fifty year . 78 ext . harlem - day 78 as Frank lead he brother down the sidewalk , the towncar that be park at the teaneck house , drive by Frank 's body - guard , Doc , follow alongside at the same pace they walk . frank I be with he every day for fifteen of they , look after he , take care of thing , protect he , learn from he . the brother can not help but notice the storekeeper who wave to Frank , the woman who smile , the man who step out of he path like there 's a red carpet under he polished shoe . frank bumpy be rich , but never white man rich . why ? because he do not own the company . he think he do . he do not . he only manage it . someone else own it . so they own he . 79 int / ext . redtop' apartment build - harlem - day 79 Frank lead he brother up the stair and down the hall . frank nobody own I . because I own my company . intercut : feminine hand stamp small packet of blue cellophane with the word ` Blue Magic ' - frank and my company sell a product that 's better than the competition 's at a price that 's lower . Frank stop outside a apartment door . teddy what be we sell , Frank ? ( cont ) 37 . 79 continued : 79 Frank push the door open , revealing - 80 int . redtop' apartment - continuous - day 80 five naked woman at work table , they face veile by surgical mask , cut heroin with lactose and quinine in a precise mixture of control purity . the Lucas brother stare as the supervisor of the activity - clothed , with red hair - come over . redtop hi , Frank . frank honey , this be my brother . 81 ext . harlem - later - day 81 tango stroll down the street like he 's the godfather of harlem , girl on he arm , bodyguard at he side . 82 int . diner - same time 82 as he brother eat lunch , Frank - who can see tango outside - uncap a glass sugar container . frank what matter in business be honesty , integrity , hard work , loyalty , and never forget where you come from . for reason he brother can not imagine , Frank empty all sugar from the container onto he plate . frank you be what you be and that 's one of two thing . you be nothing ... or you be something . understand what I be say ? the brother nod tentatively , stare at the now -empty glass container . Frank wipe he mouth with a napkin , get up . frank I will be right back . 83 ext / int . diner - moment later 83 he come out of the diner , cross the street toward tango , who 's buy fruit . greet he cheerfully - frank hey , tango , what 's up . I be just think about you . ( more ) ( cont ) 38 . 83 continued : 83 frank ( cont 'd ) I be look at the jar and you know what ? I do not see nothing in it . tango the fuck you want , Frank - before the last word be out of tango 's mouth , Frank 's get a gun press against he forehead . silence . everyone back away - the bodyguard , too . tango 's girl pull she arm from he and take off . eventually - tango what be you go to do , boy ? shoot I in broad daylight ? in front of everyone ? it 's as if life on the street have stop . no one move ; everyone be look at Frank ; maybe that 's what he want . as tango laugh at the think - frank yeah , that 's right . Frank pull the trigger and the big man fall back like someone hit with a board . Frank stand over he and empty the gun in he chest , the shot echoing down the street . then it 's quiet again . everyone 's still look he , but Frank do not run . instead , he calmly reach into tango 's suit pocket , take out a money clip thick with cash , drop it in the " jar " and set it next to the body . frank for the cop . should be enough . Frank return to the diner and sit back down , ignore the astonished stare from he brother and everyone else in the place . tries to remember where he be in he lecture as he tuck the napkin back in he shirt collar . frank that basically 's the whole picture right there . 84 int . morgue - night 84 a cadaver drawer slide open revealing - not tango - but rivera , stare up lifeless , he arm , stomach , leg and toe dot with the scab of a longtime addict . detective do you know he girlfriend ? good - look girl . one of he informant . ( cont ) 39 . 84 continued : 84 richie Beth . the medical examiner slide open another cadaver drawer contain she body . richie stare at it . detective should have see they place . like animal live there . richie I have see it . detective ( to the examiner ) choose a good night , huh ? Grand Central Station in here . medical examiner it 's be like this . I be lucky I get home before midnight ; lot of careless - ness . richie regards rivera 's personal effect rest on he chest in a plastic bag : few buck , the corvette key , a half - empty packet of heroin in blue cellophane . richie take the blue cellophane from the bag and , as the drawer close entombing Sanders , hold it in he hand ... reporter v/o heroin addiction be no longer exclusive to big city neighborhood ; it 's epidemic - 85 time CUT . a television : 85 the report show lawmaker on Capitol Hill juxtapose against image of inner-city , junky , homicide victim and , perhaps most tell , white suburbia . reporter on tv since 1965 , law enforcement have watch its steady increase and with it a rise in violent crime . now unaccountably , it have explode , reach into city as a whole - we suburb and town - we school . int . police gym - day the tv be in a small police gym where richie lift weight , very much aware of he pariah status as out - of - shape cop come in , only to leave again when they see he . ( cont ) 40 . continued : reporter on tv someone be finally say : enough . Federal authority have announce they intention to establish special narcotic bureaus in Washington , New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , Boston , Newark and other major city - toback come in , watch richie , alone , work out . richie v/o it 's a dog and pony show . toback v/o it 's not be advertise as one . 86 int . police gym - later - day 86 richie 's change into he street clothes . richie but it 's federal . I would have to answer to who ? FBI ? toback I and the U.S. Attorney . no one else . no FBI . Hoover know better than to mix he man with dope . too much temptation for the feeble-mind . though he 's not in much of a position to refuse the assignment , richie still be not convinced it 's a good idea . toback level with he - toback richie , a detective who do not have the cooperation of he fellow detective can not be effective . richie you know why I do not have it . toback do not matter . richie no , they be all on the take and I be not and it do not matter to anyone . instead of give you a medal for turn in money , they bury you . ( cont ) 41 . 86 continued : 86 toback it 's fuck up . you be right . maybe this 's a opportunity away from all that . they regard each other . eventually - richie I will do it , but only like this : I do not set foot in a police station again . I work out of a place of my own . and I pick my own guy . guy I know would not take a nickel off the sidewalk . toback done . 87 ext . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 87 a old building that be once a Episcopal church . 88 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 88 the place have be long abandon . the city maintenance worker who let richie in watch he move through the debris- strewn church . 89 int . penthouse - new york - day 89 a real estate broker watch Frank consider the high - ceiling spaciousness of a grand , unfurnish 50' modern Upper East side penthouse - 90 int . basement - narcotics squad hq - day 90 richie regards the color light throw down by the stain glass window - 91 int . penthouse - new york - day 91 Frank regards light stream in from the garden terrace - 92 int . MAIN floor - narcotics squad hq - day 92 richie pick up a fade photograph of a priest in a break frame . to the maintenance man : richie this be the only floor we will be use . 93 int . penthouse - new york - day 93 Frank distractedly open and close a 12 ' high curtain in one of the room - ( cont ) 42 . 93 continued : 93 frank no loan , no contingency . Cash sale . 94 ext . small paradise - night 94 wet street and neon . well - dress crowd behind a velvet rope outside the club . the Apollo in the background : James Brown on the marquee . 95 int . small paradise - night 95 a still - powerful older man in a nice suit rise from he chair to wild applause . from the stage - singer Mr. Joe Louis , lady and gentleman . Joe bow graciously , give a little wave to the crowd , and sit back down as the band start up again . at another table , Frank sit with Charlie Williams and Rossi , slightly older dope man . like Frank , they favor expensive tailore suit . they date , too , be nicely dress - not too much make - up or jewelry . Frank 's glance move from Joe Louis and he wife to a beautiful young woman at the table . frank who 's the beauty queen ? charlie she be a beauty queen . no kid . miss Puerto Rico . her glance cross Frank 's briefly but be yank to the entrance of the club when Frank 's brother come in with they wife and girlfriend . teddy 's in a parrot green suit , gold chain , hat , act like he own the place . 96 int . back room - small paradise - later 96 Frank hustle teddy into a empty back room . frank what be this ? he turn teddy so he 's face a mirror . teddy what . this be clothes . this be a very nice ( suit ) - ( cont ) 43. 96 continued : 96 frank I be wear clothes . this be clothes . that - ( teddy 's in the mirror ) - be a costume . with a sign on it that say arrest I . you look like fuckin Jackie Fox . teddy what 's wrong with Jackie . I like Jackie . frank you like Jackie ? you want to be superfly ? go work for he , end up in a cell with he . teddy pull himself from Frank 's grasp . smooth he shirt , adjust he hat . Frank try to explain to he : frank the guy make all the noise in the room be the weak one . that 's not who you want to be . teddy he want to talk to you by the way . I tell he I would tell you . Frank stare at he brother 's reflection in the mirror . frank you and Jackie be talk about I ? teddy not about you . we be talk . he say he want to talk to you about something . Frank clearly want nothing to do with Jackie Fox . frank I be take you shopping tomorrow . teddy I go shopping today . frank you go shopping every day . like a girl . 97 ext . small paradise - later - night 97 a creme bentley pull up and out pour Jackie Fox and he entourage . ( cont ) 44 . 97 continued : 97 he 's get a armful of New York Times magazine - with he on the cover , flaunt gangster chic . he start hand they out to the crowd on he way into the club . 98 int . small paradise - continuous - night 98 Joe Louis have come over to speak to Frank at he table . joe louis it 's a tax thing . it 's a mistake my lawyer will straighten out , but for the time be it 's a headache - frank how much you owe ? joe louis it 's nothing , like - fifty grand . Frank be not sure if it 's a honor or a curse to have a celebrity like Joe Louis ask to borrow money , but nod . frank sure . do not worry about it . joe louis thank you . I will pay you back soon as - frank Joe . it 's a gift . not a loan . you do not owe I nothing . Jackie glide into the club with he magazine and entourage . Frank watch he make the round , linger at miss Puerto Rico 's table and hold she hand longer than he should with he girlfriend on he arm . Frank glance to teddy wearily , then to Doc , alone at the next table like a sentry . Frank do not have to say he 's ready to leave . Doc know the look . get up . 99 int . small paradise - later - night 99 Frank come into the coat check area where Doc wait with he overcoat . as Frank slip into it , miss Puerto Rico - return from the lady room - come through . ana hi. I be Ana . frank I be Frank . ( cont ) 45 . 99 continued : 99 ana you be Frank and this be you place . ( he do not say whether it be or not ) why 's it call small 's ? why do not you call it franks ? frank because I do not have to . he smile , and it 's hard to tell which be more enchant with the other . 100 int . nightclub - newark - same time - night 100 a club across the river . not nearly as nice as small 's - much louder - but like small 's , almost all black . richie share a booth with a black undercover detective . richie I be reluctant to bring anyone in I do not personally know . spearman you know I , and I vouch for they . richie nod , yeah , he know that , but remain unconvince . spearman richie , we work together . you want I , you get to take they , too . richie where be they ? spearman look out across the crowded dance floor . spearman that 's Jones . with the skinny white woman . richie 's glance find a young black man dance wildly with he skinny white date . spearman that 's abruzzo , with the fat black one . richie see a young italian with tatoos - the only other white man in the place - dance with a heavy black woman . both Jones and abruzzo look more like criminal than cop . ( cont ) 46 . 100 continued : 100 spearman both be good with wire . have good informant . they be honest . and they be fearless . they will do anything . they be insane , richie , like you . 101 int . franks car - moving - new york - day 101 Frank sit in back alone . peer ahead through the windshield . his face relax as he see - 102 ext . riverside - day 102 Ana wait on a corner , dress nice , handbag . the towncar pull to the curb . frank I get it . Frank get out before Doc can , and escort Ana to the car . frank I hope you be not wait long . a woman as beautiful as you should not have to wait for anything . he open the door for she like a perfect gentleman , slide in after she . 103 ext . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - day 103 outside the house , Doc sit in the car read a newspaper . 104 int . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - day 104 Ana consider some family photograph on a mantle . ana this be you father ? Frank shake he head no . it 's a picture of bumpy . frank you really do not know who that be ? ( she do not ) it 's Martin luther King . ana it be not . frank you be right . he be as important as Dr. King , though . ( cont ) 47 . 104 continued : 104 ana what would he do ? frank a lot of thing . he have a lot of friend . he serve New York and it serve he . ana what be he to you ? Frank have to think . bumpy be more than he employer . frank teacher . ana what would he teach you ? frank how to take my time ... how if you be go to do something , do it with care ... do it with love . and it 's work here . it 's seductive . ana anything else ? flashcut - sudden burst of violence - guy beat up - other shot - one be pour with gasoline as bumpy look on calmly - back to franks live room the same calm , benign face in the photograph . Frank nod . frank how be a gentleman . ana that 's what you be ? Ana smile like she know better . any second now , like every other guy she 's ever meet , she 's sure he will try to take she upstairs . frank I get five different apartment in the city I could have take you to . I bring you here instead - ( cont ) 48 . continued : Ana glance to the stair which Frank 's mother be come down . frank to meet my mother . mrs . luca be this she ? oh , she 's beautiful , Frank . look at she . she 's a angel come down from heaven . Mrs. Lucas embrace Ana like family . 105 omit 105 omit 106 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 106 a single , half - empty packet of heroin , the same one from the morgue , in distinctive blue cellophane , tack to a bulletin board . richie , perch on a desk in front of it . richie we mandate be to make major arrest . no street guy - we want the supplier - the distributor . spearman , Jones and abruzzo sit in the back , look like delinquent student . of everyone in the open ground - floor that 's be only slightly renovate - and there be about fifteen of they - they be the most disreputable - look . richie heroin , cocaine , amphetamine . no grass under a thousand pound . less than that , someone else can waste they time . Jones nudge abruzzo to pay attention . abruzzo elbow he back . richie just wait like a teacher for they attention . richie we will be handle big shipment , big money , big temptation . ( Jones raise he hand ) yeah . jone there 's a story about you . about turn in some money . a lot of money . be it true ? Jones be not the only one here curious to know . simply : ( cont ) 49 . 106 continued : 106 richie it 's not true . 107 int / ext . car / STREET - newark - day 107 abruzzo , look like a junkie , dirty jeans , wool cap , approach a dealer on the corner . the perspective shift to richie , spearman and Jones in a car , watch as abruzzo chat briefly with the dealer before the exchange take place : $ 10 for a blue-cellophane packet . 108 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - later - day 108 richie and the other watch Jones test the heroin . jone stuff 's ten percent pure . strong enough to smoke for all that suburban white kid afraid of needle . the other detective be exchange a glance . none have ever hear of anything on the street that pure . richie you pay ten buck for it ? jone and it 's all that 's out there . richie now , how be that possible ? who can afford to sell shit twice as good for half as much ? richie glance to a table of Organization : surveillance photo haphazardly thumb -tack to a bulletin board - know dope man in the hierarchy of they individual crime family - almost all of they italian . womb to tomb sequence : a R &amp ; B song begin and continue over - 109 close -up : 109 a poppy bulb be pierce , the white liquid ooze , change into filthy liquid in wooden bowl , and finally a gray paste ... 110 int . bank vice president's office - chemical bank - day 110 Frank sit with the bank vice President who wire a transfer to : 50 . 111 int . bangkok bank - day 111 where nate sit with the same thai bank president as before who convert the transfer to cash . 112 int . soul brother bar - bangkok - day 112 nate slide cash across a table to a couple of chinese gangster . 113 ext . jungle army base - vietnam - day 113 a tent : nate hand more cash - the military brass 's cut - to the 2 - star general from before . a airstrip : slice propeller . wound soldier on stretcher , help onto a transport plane . nearby , four large crate - japanese tvs - under cargo netting . the pilot stuff more cash in a pouch and salute nate . 114 tv image : 114 General Westmoreland return a salute ( archive ) . 115 ext . army base - NORTH CAROLINA - dusk 115 the same plane on the tarmac here , taxiing . a pile of discard tv box outside a supply warehouse . at the perimeter of the base , black serviceman transfer heavy tape - up duffel bag from a Army Jeep to a station wagon , hoist that that will not fit inside onto a roof rack . two Lucas brother tie they down with twine . 116 int / ext . car / highway - near WASHINGTON DC - dusk 116 the station wagon head north on a rain-slicked highway , the canvas tarpaulin on top flap . in the distance , the spire of the Washington monument glow . 117 ext . discount drugstore - harlem - day 117 a black woman push a shopping cart contain a baby , pamper , and case of milk sugar across a parking lot . 118 int . red top' apartment - harlem - day 118 empty milk sugar box . redtop and she five table worker - clothed now , the surgical mask dangle from they neck - wiping down table surface , scale and apparatus . ten of thousand of blue-cellophane packet of heroin neatly cover two of the fold table . 51 . 119 ext . harlem STREET - day 119 August . hot. kid wrench open a fire hydrant and with a empty soda can direct the water into a fountain . the water spray down onto the windshield of a beat - up chevy come slowly through , revealing when it clear , Frank behind the wheel . he park . glance at he watch . 120 int . nypd 23rd precinct - locker room - day 120 clock on the wall of a locker area : 3:58 . shift change . cop in t-shirt . fan blow the humid air around . 121 int / ext . nypd 23rd precinct garage - day 121 Blue and white arrive and leave , shirt come off as the cop alight . 122 int . bus - moving on 116th STREET - day 122 the driver check he watch : 3:59 . turn he almost - empty bus up 8th Avenue . 123 int / ext . franks parked chevy - harlem - day 123 Air conditioner full blast . Radio announce the time : 4 o'clock . Frank glance out the wet windshield of the chevy and watch 116th Street transform : it 's as if a outdoor market have just open its stall . junky and dealer emerge from the alley , storefront , tenement and side street - from the street itself it seem - snarling the car and delivery truck catch unaware . small blue cellophane packet - and only blue - be pull from pocket and change hand . in alleyway it 's cook up and suck into syringe , and in dank , grim , indescribably filthy room , plunge into vein - 124 and the reverse : 124 10 and 20 dollar bill change hand - deck of cash rubber - band together - put into envelope and deliver to the Lucas brother , to : 125 lester at he metal door shop . 125 126 eugene at he dry cleaner . 126 127 turner at he tire service shop . 127 128 earl at he electrical shop . 128 ( cont ) 52 . 123 continued : 123 129 teddy at he body shop . 129 130 int . redtop' apartment - day 130 pile of cash . the brother try count it all , but it 's just too much . it 's actually tiring . teddy we be go to be here all night if we count every bill . time CUT : a money - count machine flip through the bill , its counter fly . the brother rubberband it all in $ 100,000 deck . jot down the number . put the money in newly - assemble file box . tape they shut . 131 int . chemical bank - safety - deposit room - day 131 alone in the room , Frank transfer stack of $ 100' from the file box into several open safety - deposit box . 132 int . franks penthouse apartment - night 132 the penthouse be now richly decorate . the R &amp ; B music play through a state - of - the - art stereo system . it 's a kind of office party for Frank 's brother , cousin , wife and girlfriend , distributor like Rossi and other East harlem guy , Charlie Williams , couple of cop on Frank 's payroll , and the Chemical Bank vice President . banker you get a stockbroker , Frank ? frank I deal with enough crook as it be . the banker jot down a name and phone number on the back of one of he business card . banker this one could not be more honest . ask around . he 's get a lot of client in the business . you can not leave all you money in safety deposit box ; give he a call . the banker hand he the card and move on . Frank 's try to have a good time , but the level of noise and revelry be beginning to make he uncomfortable . charlie Frank . this be Mike sibota . sibota try not to look as nervous as he feel . ( cont ) 53. 132 continued : 132 frank Mr. sibota . what can I get you ? sibota a left-hander from what Charlie tell I . you nephew ? Frank point to he nephew , stevie , across the room . frank it 's be he dream all he life to play for the yankee - and he 's good enough . sibota so I hear . you have he come see I . we will give he a try-out . as the scout hand he card to Frank , we whip over to where teddy , he driver Jimmy racine and they girlfriend , coke up , be laugh as a black cop , flash he detective 's shield , pretend to frisk Jimmy . detective what 's this ? ( take a .45 from Jimmy 's pocket ) oh , that 's it , I be take you in . jimmy ( joke ) you can not take I in for that , I get a license for that , motherfucker . detective ( give the gun back ) this then - ( the pile of coke on the coffee table ) but first - the cop suck up a line before pretend to cuff Jimmy . detective all right , now I be arrest you . everybody laugh . teddy peel $ 100 's from a money clip . teddy let he go . this be for you . detective what be that , a bribe ? oh , now you be all under arrest . ( cont ) 54 . 132 continued : 132 the cop pretend to arrest they all , but what he do not pretend be the hand he put on Jimmy 's girlfriend 's breast as he frisk she . jimmy what be that ? it be quick but Jimmy see it , even though he girlfriend do not react . the cop , oblivious , be cuffing teddy now . detective I be take you all in . jimmy I say , what the fuck be that ? detective what be what ? the room explode with a boom and the detective crumple to the floor , clutching at he leg , blood run through he finger onto the carpet . Frank stare . jimmy oh , he 's all right . I just shot he in the leg . you get a health plan , what be you complain about . he 's fine . here - ( peel off some money ) five hundred all right ? six ? look , he 's feel better all the time . suddenly , Frank grab Jimmy and throw he against the wall . 133 int . franks penthouse apartment - night 133 as Ana try to clean the blood stain on the rug with salt and soda water , Frank sit with he five brother in the debris-strewn aftermath of the party . silence before : frank I can not have this kind of stupidity . teddy it be a accident . he feel terrible about it . frank he do not feel shit , coke up all the time . get rid of he . ( cont ) 55 . 133 continued : 133 teddy Frank . he 's you cousin . what 's he gonna do ? go back home ? I will talk to he . I will straighten he out . Frank look at teddy in he tinted Jackie Fox -like goggle glass - like he 's go to straighten anybody out . frank gimme that glass . teddy what ? why ? Frank pull they from teddy 's face and crush they . 134 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 134 richie sift through the morning mail at he desk . stop on a envelope from the New Jersey bar Association . as he work up the nerve to open it , spearman , Jones and abruzzo organize the italian wise guy ' photo on the t.o . jone Ice pick Paul go here - abruzzo no , he 's under benny two -sock - jone no , you be think of benny the Bishop . benny two -sock be tosca 's deadbeat son - in - law . spearman jonesy 's right . richie come over , study the table of Organization a moment , then begin untack the photo from the top down - jone what be you do ? we just - richie for a cop the uppermost thing be the arrest . for a prosecutor , the arrest be nothing without the evidence to convict . we do not have any real evidence on anyone on this board , so they be come down . we be start over from the street . ( cont ) 56 . 134 continued : 134 abruzzo what be you , a prosecutor all of a sudden ? richie tack he exam result onto the t.o . he pass . 135 ext . STREET - newark - day 135 richie and the amigo observe a buy from a park car , the blue cellophane change hand . ignoring the buyer as he walk away , they keep watch the seller . 136 ext . gas station / car wash - newark - day 136 the seller be observe come out of a mechanic garage . richie ignore he as he walk away , watch instead the garage . eventually , a mechanic wiping he hand on a rag step out , and richie raise a camera . the image of the mechanic - a supplier - freeze - 137 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 137 a slightly - blurred photo of the mechanic go up on a new , almost bare table of Organization . 138 ext . gas station / car wash - newark - day 138 atop of a telephone pole , abruzzo , drip with lineman equipment , work to attach a `slave ' to the line - 139 int . storefront apartment - day 139 bare room . richie , Jones and spearman eat take - out food as tape recorder reel turn . phone voice that snow tire you give I last time come in yet ? I be go to want some more of they , gimme one and a half more of they . the detective laugh . 140 int . prosecutor's office - day 140 toback have richie sign a voucher for $ 20,000 cash . toback this be more than a year 's salary , richie . if it disappear , I will not be able to get it for you again . ( cont ) 57 . 140 continued : 140 richie it will never be out of my sight . 141 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 141 Jones tape a tape recorder the size of a pack of cigarettes to richie 's bare chest . 142 int . gas station garage - day 142 undercover in a wise guy 's cashmere sweater and slack , richie watch the mechanic count the $ 10,000 he 's give he . richie it 's get to be ` Blue Magic . ' mechanic yeah , yeah , it 's ` Blue . ' you can pick it up here tomorrow . where 's the rest of the money ? richie that 's half . I will give you the other half tomorrow when you give - mechanic no , no , no , I do not do that . go fuck yourself . richie rather reluctantly hand over the rest of the 20k . 143 int / ext . spearman' car - moving - near GW bridge - day 143 spearman watch the pickup truck drive by the mechanic change lane up ahead - head for the George Washington Bridge - and glance over concerned to richie , who be change the cashmere sweater for a old t-shirt . spearman he 's go into New York . be we ? richie what be they go to do , arrest we ? spearman they could . New York cop . they can do worse than that . richie we be not lose that money . go. ( cont ) 58 . 143 continued : 143 as spearman follow the truck , the George Washington Bridge , link Jersey to Manhattan , loom in the windshield ... 144 ext . east harlem STREET - day 144 the pickup pull to the curb outside a pleasant Avenue grocery store . as the guy enter the place , spearman 's car stop long enough for richie to climb out , and continue on . richie cross the street , try to see who the guy be talk to inside , but he 's just buy a cup of coffee to go . spearman 's car turn the corner to circle around the block . as soon as it 's go , the man emerge from the restaurant with the coffee and walk straight at richie who have to double back quickly not to be see richie see a delivery truck double - park , guy unload crate . hear a horn and know it 's must be spearman stick on the side street . the mechanic start he truck . desperate not to lose he ( and he money ) , richie hurry over to a taxi stop at a light , flash he badge . richie get out . taxi driver what ? richie get the fuck out of the car ! the driver realize the man outside he taxi be crazy and try to get he window roll up . reaching in , richie get he arm stick , pull at the lock , yank the door open , drag the driver out , break the cabbie 's arm , and jump in . he swing the cab into oppose lane to get around traffic , screech around the corner , glimpsis the truck far up ahead - gun the engine , fly through a red light , glance at he mirror at the car that just miss he almost collide - the truck turn up ahead , and richie barrel through another red light , turn the corner and keep the truck , a couple car- length ahead - in sight . 145 ext . east harlem - day 145 richie curb the cab as the guy go into a dingy pizza parlor . richie climb out , cross the street . come past the place , he try to look inside without break stride . ( cont ) 59 . 145 continued : 145 from around a corner , stride toward he , come four man look like gestapo thug in leather coat , manicure hair - the prince of the City . richie detour into a alley as they enter the restaurant . richie peer in at the restaurant kitchen through a grimy basement window . watch trupo and he siu detective burst in , gun draw . they rough everybody up , get some down on the floor . one detective gather the money and stuff it in a bag . another gather the dope . the mechanic try to protest and trupo slap he down with he pistol . richie keep watch as the NY cop arrest no one - but take the dope and the money ( richie 's money ) - and stride out as abruptly as they appear , like bandit . as they come past richie - richie that 's my money . siu det 1 the fuck be you . what money ? richie show they he Bureau of narcotics id . richie the bill be sequence and register with the Essex County prosecutor Office . all begin with cf3500 . take a look . one of they check some of the bill and see he 's right . siu det . 2 goddamn it , I think we have a score . I think I have a fuck Chris - craft sit in my driveway . richie honest mistake . just give it back to I . siu det . 1 this time . Three of the four cop laugh . it 's a affable gang of thief . the one who do not laugh hang back as the other start off . he examine richie 's New Jersey id . trupo when 's the last time I be in Jersey ? let I think . never . what be you do come over here without let anybody know ? you do not know you can get hurt do that ? ( more ) ( cont ) 60 . 145 continued : 145 trupo ( cont 'd ) ( trupo smile ; richie smile ) you get you money . now , never , ever , come into the city again unannounced . you come in to see a fuckin Broadway show you call ahead first to see if it 's okay with I . trupo pat he on the back and leave with the other . toback v.o . what do we hate most ? be not it the transgression of other we fear we be capable of ourselves ? 147 - 148 omit 147 - 148 omit 149 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - later - night 149 it 's very late . richie and toback be alone . eventually - toback richie - cop be like - richie yeah , I know , like everyone else . some of they will steal no matter what . there can be a camera on they they will do it . some will never do it . the rest be capable of either , depend how they department lean ... only theirs be not lean , it 's fall over . the patrol car do not even stop in harlem , just roll down the window so the dealer can throw the money in . I see drop make on precinct step . toback what be you do there ? richie it 's where this dope be come from . Blue Magic . out of New York . what be I suppose to do , ignore it ? toback the cab driver 's file aggravate assault and grand theft charge - richie he would not stop . motherfucker almost run I over . ( cont ) 61 . 149 continued : 149 toback - which he may reconsider depend on the amount the State of New Jersey offer to settle - richie I tell he I be a cop . I show he my identification . toback you steal he cab and break he arm . richie I be chase you 20 thousand dollar . toback I do not want to hear about you go into New York anymore . richie then my investigation 's over . toback you be not listen to I . I say : I do not want to hear about it ... you do whatever you have to do , go wherever you have to go to find out who 's bring this shit into the country ... just do not tell I . ( turn to leave ) get some sleep . a150 - 152 omit a150 - 152 omit aa153 int . richie' apartment - morning aa153 richie - in robe and underwear - open the door to find a woman in the hall hold a briefcase . vida Mr. Roberts ? I be here for we appointment . he have no idea who the black woman be . a old girlfriend he 's forget maybe . behind he , vida can see a stewardess buttone up she uniform by a little travel case on wheel . the apartment itself , she can also see , be a mess . vida from child Social service ? a153 - 155 omit a153 - 155 omit 62 . 156 ext / int . tony iaca' backyard &amp ; pool house - day 156 barbecue after they Sunday softball game . richie and he o.c. friend - wise guy - still in they brown and orange weequahie jersey , drink beer , cooking hamburger . tony when you ask I to be you son 's godfather , I take it very seriously . richie I know . richie and tony Zaca relax in the den-like pool house . tony I say yes , I would take on this responsibility , take care of you son , God forbid something happen to you - richie tony , the thing she 's tell child Social service make I look very bad : out all night . lowlife informant hang around . woman - tony Old friend like I . richie feel horrible do this . silence . then : tony it 's all right . I understand . they ask I , I will tell they what you want I to tell they . I will lie for you . richie thank you . tony nod , you be welcome . can tell there 's something else on richie 's mind . tony what . richie you do not have to talk about it , you do not want . what do you hear about Blue Magic ? anything ? tony a lot of sorrow and misery from guy be put out of business . that 's all . ( cont ) 63. 156 continued : 156 richie nothing about who 's bring it in ? tony guy down south be all I hear . richie down south , Florida ? cuban ? what . tony I do not know . all I can tell you be whoever it be , they be upsetting the natural order of thing . among the frame family photo around they , be a picture of tony 's uncle , Albert tosca . 157 ext . livingston , new jersey - day 157 a napoleonic statue of the same man on horseback in a fountain outside a castle - like mansion . next to it " ride " three other on marble horse - a woman and two child . tosca pull - a clay pigeon sail out across the manicure garden . a shotgun blast shatter it . the man with the gun - Albert tosca - hand another to Frank . as Frank set to shoot , Ana can see behind they , with tosca 's wife in the opulent house , look uncomfortable . mrs . tosca the whole place be import brick by brick from Gloucestershire . ana it 's very nice . Mrs. tosca nod . Ana nod . a strain silence thicker than the tapestry settles over they until - frank pull - the shotgun boom - 158 int . tosca' mansion - later - day 158 as servant stand by , tosca and he wife and they only guest - Frank and Ana - finish with lunch , get up from the table in the formal formal dining room . ( cont ) 64 . 158 continued : 158 as Mrs. tosca lead Ana off to give she a tour of the house , the man head off the other way . tosca she 's a lovely girl . you should marry she . frank too many thing to look after right now to think about that . tosca Frank . that 's a mistake . if I may say . do not take she for grant , girl like that . they enter a rich , wood - panele study line with book . tosca you interested in history , Frank ? the event that have bring we to where we be today ? you know who be ? bumpy . frank bumpy be interested in a lot of thing . tosca I always wonder if people know when history 's be make . and what they be do at the time . this , for instance , could be a historic moment , and you be sip a glass of ice water . droplet snake down Frank 's glass . he sense tosca have finally get around to why he be invite here . tosca bumpy and I do a lot of business together , as you know . whatever he need , he would come to I and I would do my best to provide it . he come to I , I do not go to he , be the point I be try to make . you know why ? frank he do not have what you need . you have what he need . we have always have to come to you . tosca yes . until now . tosca study Frank , who be a study in inscrutability . ( cont ) 65 . 158 continued : 158 tosca monopoly be illegal in this country , Frank , because no one can compete with a monopoly . if they let the dairy farmer do that , half of they would go out of business tomorrow . frank I be just try to make a live . tosca which be you right . because this be America . but not at the unreasonable expense of other . that 's un - american . ( he study Frank ) you know the price you pay for a gallon of milk do not represent its true cost of production . it 's control . set . frank I set a price I think be fair . tosca it 's very unfair , in fact . you customer be happy , but what about you fellow dairy farmer ? you be not think of they . frank ( very calmly ) I be think of they as much as they ever think of I . tosca all right . I can see you be get excited . do not get excited . that 's not why I invite you to my home . to get excited . Frank do not look excited at all . he 's the picture of calm . tosca smile benignly and get up . tosca here , I get something for you . 159 int . tosca' smoking room - later - day 159 tosca open a humidor , take out a couple of Cuban cigar . tosca now what if - I be just think out loud - you sell some of you inventory wholesale and I help with the distribution . ( cont ) 66 . 159 continued : 159 frank I do not need it . I already get everything from 110th Street to yankee Stadium , river to river . tosca which be a little mom and pop store compare to what I be talk about . I could make you bigger than k - Mart . L.A. , Chicago , Detroit , Vegas . I be speak nationwide . and I would guarantee you peace of mind . you know what I mean by that . Frank do . it 's a backhand threat . tosca clip the cigar with a gold guillotine tosca Frank . you can see I be a Renaissance man . unfortunately not all my people be as enlighten . ask they , what be civil rights , they do not know . they be not as open to change from the way thing be do and who 's do it . but I can talk to they so there will not be any misunderstanding . that 's what I mean by peace of mind . Frank know , in truth , he 's not be give any choice in this matter . still , maybe it 's not so bad . frank you pay what a kilo now , 75 , 80 ? I would consider 50 . and I can get you as much as you want . tosca slip on he best poker face . fifty thousand a kilo would be a extraordinary coup for he . tosca you see , I be right . this be a historic moment . you be go to be bigger than bumpy himself . he hand Frank one of the cigar , expertly prepare . tosca can not smoke it here , unfortunately . Grace do not like it . take it with you . 67 . 160 int / ext . tosca' mansion - later - day 160 Doc wait by the car as Frank and Ana walk toward he . the toscas wave goodbye from the front step of the mansion . Frank slip the cigar into he top pocket as they climb in . ana why would you trust this people , the way they look at you ? frank they look at I like it 's Christmas and I be Santa Claus . ana they look at we like we be the help . frank ( kiss she cheek ) no . they be work for I now . 161 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 161 a tv : Muhammad Ali , the black man 's black man , and Joe frazier , the white man 's black man , at they 1971 madison Square Garden press conference where Ali say as much . most of the guy watch it . richie be not . he come over to table of Organization . tack he bar Association notice to it . regards the photograph , like tentacles of octopus yet to have a head . only the lowest section be make up of black ( include Charlie Williams and Jackie Fox , but not Frank Lucas ) . the rest of the face be white and stop about midway up . they have hit a wall they can not get past . 162 int . franks penthouse - dusk 162 another tv here : Howard cosell , ringside at the Garden as the first early fan arrive , point out that the fight , because of the political stand Ali 's take , be less about boxer than war versus anti-war . Frank choose a linen jacket from he extensive color - coordinate rack of phil cromfeld suit as Ana , in she lingerie , put on make - up at a vanity . he come up behind she and set down a small jewelry box . 163 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - same time 163 the tv in the background as richie put a camera with a long lens in a sport bag and reach for he coat - ( cont ) 68 . 163 continued : 163 164 omit 164 omit 165 int . franks penthouse - continued 165 Ana 's reflection in the vanity mirror as Frank slip the engagement ring on she finger . she wipe at a tear , then get up and hug he . ana yes . she kiss he . admire the ring . and - ana I buy you something , too . she cross past the tv , take a garment bag down from she side of the closet , lay it on the bed next to Frank 's suit jacket . she take hold of the zipper but do not immediately pull it , hope perhaps to create some dramatic tension . frank what be it ? she unzip the bag like she 's unveil great art . but instead of see what 's inside , we be allow only Frank 's reaction : he smile of anticipation slowly change to chagrin . 166 int / ext . madison square garden - back entrance - night 166 richie observe celebrity and gangster arrive in limousine - sammy Davis Jr. and he wife , Joe Louis and he , tosca and some of he guy - then enter the arena as another limo pull up . Ana climb out . ana come on . you look great . ( no one else emerge ) you want to miss the fight ? come on . finally , a patent leather shoe poke out , set down on the curb . then its mate beside it . the shoe step away from the limo and - 167 int . madison square garden - night 167 pre-fight . richie , blend in with the a group of press photographer , regards the organize crime figure ringside . he take a few picture with the long lens camera as - ( cont ) 69 . 167 continued : 167 the owner of the gleam patent leather shoe be show to he second row ringside seat just behind the sport writer , and we move up the full - length chinchilla coat to Frank 's uneasy expression - richie 's camera roam the face of the prime ticket holder ringside : organize crime figure , celebrity , politician , woman with plunging neckline and platinum hair - joe louis Excuse I - richie can not believe it 's Joe Louis brush past he - richie Mr. Louis - Joe look back as richie approach he - richie I be sorry , but I just have to tell you , sir , you be a hero to I grow up . I still push elevator button eight time for the round you beat billy conn in . for luck . Louis acknowledge richie only slightly more than not at all . turn away to join he friend . richie watch after he , stung by Louis 's disregard . he snap a picture of a italian wise guy he do not recognize ... sift the camera 's view past Frank in the chinchilla coat ... then return to he , watch as tosca and he guy sit down behind Frank . richie can not hear - but can see - they good - nature exchange - tosca hey , Frank , you keep that hat on , I be gonna miss the fight - the odd thing to richie be , chinchilla 's seat be better than all the italian ' . detective trupo notice this , too . richie focus on the chincilla 's date , a stun girl , a beauty queen , then shift back to she boyfriend who 's now shaking the proffer hand of other italian , then Don King . Joe Louis himself - who barely acknowledge richie 's existence - come over and playfully exchange " punch " with the man in the chinchilla coat . a sudden roar from the crowd as the light go out except for the spot on the ring . Ali and frazier be come down the step through the crush of fan and reporter , precede by soldier carry flag - ( cont ) 70 . 167 continued : 167 richie try to find the guy in the chinchilla coat , but he 's hide by a flag . then he glimpsis he again just as Ali shake he hand before climb into the ring - flashbulb pop throughout the arena as Robert goulet begin the National anthem . Ali pointedly do not sing along . richie frame the shadowy figure in the chinchilla coat , focus as sharp as he can in the bad light , and snap the shutter - 168 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 168 richie tack the photograph of the man in the chinchilla coat to he table of Organization - low and off to the side by other piece of the puzzle that do not fit , other new face with no name . spearman hold a scrap of paper - richie that 's be the plate number on the limo . check with the company , who rent it . spearman he 's a supplier at most . or just a pimp . we would have hear of he otherwise . richie no , he 's bigger than that . his seat be phenomenal ; better than Al tosca 's . Joe Louis and Ali shook he fuckin hand . they look from tosca 's high position on the board to Frank 's low one , and a wedding march play in traditional fashion on organ begin and carry over : 169 int . baptist church - day 169 from above , a sea of lady ' hat , all coral and pink . below , Frank stand at the altar , wait for he bride . richie v/o his name be Frank Lucas ... 170 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 170 toback sift through document richie have gather : limousine company record , Frank 's thin arrest record , mug shot of he year young , the photograph from the fight and some more from subsequent surveillance . richie originally from Greensboro , North Carolina . couple of arrest year ago . gambling , robbery , unlicense firearm . ( more ) ( cont ) 71 . 170 continued : 170 richie ( cont 'd ) for fifteen year he be bumpy Johnson 's collector , bodyguard and driver . he be with he when he die . 171 int . baptist church - continued 171 Ana 's family and friend on one side of the aisle , the extend Lucas family - on the other . Frank 's mother look at she eldest son at the altar with pride . 172 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 172 richie five brother , he 's the oldest , lot of cousin , all live here now , spread out around the borough and Jersey . the brother be - 173 int . dry cleaners - day 173 a Lucas brother hand some dry clean to spearman - richie v/o Eugene Lucas in Brooklyn - 174 int . electrical shop - day 174 another Lucas brother examine a lamp with a fray cord bring in by Jones . richie v/o Earl Lucas in Newark - 175 int . metal door shop - day 175 another brother at the register , hand abruzzo a receipt - richie v/o lester Lucas in queen - 176 ext . tire service shop - day 176 another brother be photograph by spearman from a park car as he change tire on a car up on a hoist . richie v/o Turner Lucas , the bronx - 177 ext . STREET - newark - day 177 richie kick a dent into the fender of he old car . 72 . 178 ext / int . body shop - day 178 as a appraiser write up a estimate , richie observe teddy , attend to paperwork inside . richie v/o and teddy Lucas , in Bergen County . 179 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 179 a photograph of teddy go up on the t.o. next to Frank and the other brother and some cousin - richie except for the chinchilla coat , which no one can explain , Frank 's life seem orderly and legitimate . 180 int . baptist church - continued - day 180 best man teddy stand next to Frank at the altar as the bride be escort down the aisle by she father . tight on Frank in a beautiful tuxedo - 181 ext . franks penthouse build - dawn 181 a light go on in a penthouse window . down below , by he park car , richie shiver in the early morning cold . richie v/o he get up early . five a.m. 182 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 182 richie have breakfast at a Midtown place , usually alone . 183 int / ext . diner - morning 183 richie toss a glance inside a restaurant as he pass the window to where Frank sit eat at a table , Doc nearby . 184 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 184 richie then go to work . meeting with he accountant , or lawyer , drop in on one of the several office building he own . 185 omit 185 omit 73. 186 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 186 richie Night , he usually stay home . when he do go out , it 's to a club or dinner - with he new wife - friend , celebrity , sport figure - never o.c. guy . 187 ext . small paradise - night 187 richie sit in he car across from small 's where bouncer keep out people like he . Frank , Ana , wilt Chamberlain and he wife emerge from the restaurant together . 188 omit 188 omit 189 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 189 richie Sunday he take he mother to church . then drive out to change the flower on bumpy 's grave . every Sunday , no matter what . 190 int . baptist church - continued - day 190 Frank 's mother tearfully watch she son slip a ring onto Ana 's finger next to the fat engagement diamond - before Ana , in turn , put a gold band on Frank 's . the minister pronounce they husband and wife , the veil be lift , and they kiss to great applause - 191 ext . baptist church - day 191 as a photographer take the official photograph of the wedding party on the step of the church - 192 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 192 Lou toback look from a surveillance photo of the wedding party in he hand , to richie 's table of Organization : the Lucas brother and cousin - in the street of New York and New Jersey , arrange in some imagine hierarchy . toback not you typical day in the life of a dope man , richie . richie neither be bumpy Johnson 's and he own harlem . ( cont ) 74 . 192 continued : 192 toback you think Frank Lucas take over for bumpy Johnson ? his driver ? that 's a little far-fetched . richie be it ? everything he do , he do like bumpy . toback bumpy never wear a chinchilla coat in he life . richie we have not see that again . that apparently have be retire to the closet . 193 ext . baptist church - day 193 Frank and Charlie look on as Ana throw the bouquet . charlie she 's the most beautiful bride I ever see , Frank . frank I wish bumpy could have meet she . I wish she could have meet he . 194 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 194 look at the Lucas table of Organization - toback what do you get on he you can use in court ? because this be not it . you try this without informant and powder , no one 's go to jail . richie wo not get any informant . not inside . it 's like a sicilian family . like he 's structure he own family the same way to protect himself . 195 ext . baptist church - continued 195 exactly like one , like a scene from the godfather as Frank dance with Ana before the reception guest . 75 . 196 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 196 richie be with bumpy long as he be , he would have be around italian a lot . enough to learn that much . 197 ext . baptist church - continued 197 Rice rain down on the bride and groom as they climb into the back of the towncar . Doc come around to the driver 's side , get in and slowly push through the crush of guest wave and throw kiss . 198 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - continued 198 richie but it 's not even Frank Lucas I want . I want to know who he 's work for : which italian be bring the heroin in . 199 int / ext . towncar / new york - twilight 199 flanke front and rear by Frank 's security , the marriage car move along a rain-slick street . the newlywed cuddle in back . another car pull up alongside - trupo 's Shelby - and Doc 's right hand instinctively come off the steering wheel to settle on he holster gun . trupo smile and shake he head , no . 200 ext . central park - later - twilight 200 the lincoln and security car and trupo 's Shelby park . frank ( to Ana ) stay in the car as Frank and Doc climb out , Frank motion to he other security man to remain calm , he will handle this . trupo hello , Frank . if Frank be surprised trupo know he name , he do not show it , or anything else except a air of professional courtesy . frank detective . trupo look in at Ana in the back seat , smile at she . she turn she head away and close the door . trupo lead Frank away for a private conversation - ( cont ) 76 . 200 continued : 200 trupo you sure you do the right thing ? she 's a beautiful girl - there 's no question - but she 's get a attitude on ( she ) - frank listen to I . before you say another word - about she - or I - remember that you be say it on the most important fuckin day of my life . trupo man walk around in a fifty thousand dollar chinchilla coat and he never even buy I a cup of coffee ? something wrong there . frank I do not know what you be talk about . trupo you pay you bill , Frank ? frank you want to keep talk , talk to my lawyer , here 's he card . you call he , because we be do here - trupo do you pay you bill , I ask you . frank if you be not get you share , it 's not my fault , go ask the chief of police . trupo what 's my share ? you do not even know I . maybe I be special . frank no , you be all the fuckin same . trupo ( show he shield ) what do that say ? ( Frank ignore he ) special - investigation - unit . see that word there ? " special . " ( he take out a restaurant business card ) ten grand , first of each month , deliver here . ( cont ) 77 . 200 continued : 200 Frank ignore the card , stare at trupo like he 's a fool . frank detective ... there be some thing you do not do . this be one of they . not on a man 's wedding day . Frank 's resolve throw trupo off he rhythm . he manage : trupo have a nice honeymoon . 201 int . franks penthouse - later - night 201 Frank do not carry Ana across the threshold . he stride in leave she at the front door , throw a match in the gas fireplace , come back from the bedroom a moment later with the $ 50,000 chinchilla coat and throw it on the flame . 202 television image : 202 a march on Washington , protest the war ( archive ) . int . jimmy racine's apartment - night the report continue on a tv here as teddy 's driver , Jimmy racine , yell at he girlfriend - jimmy where be it ? darylynn fuck you , I be not tell you . she come past the tv and into the kitchen past a table cover with dope paraphernalia . jimmy where be my fuckin dope ? you and you girlfriend take it again ? I will fuckin kill you . she yank open a drawer , grab a knife and slashes it at he . he grab a gun and she run for the stair - 203 ext . jimmy racine be - apartment - night 203 he chase she into the street , yell , raise the gun and fire , and she go down , clutching at she butt , moan - 78 . 204 int . richie' apartment - same night 204 moan here , too . richie 's lawyer - ex - girlfriend , in bed with he . sheila richie , yes , fuck I like a cop , not a lawyer - ( the phone ring ) oh , God , richie , no - do not answer it - ( he reach to pick it up ) no , no , no - richie yeah - spearman v/o phone richie . Newark just pick up one of the celebrity on we Wall of Fame : teddy 's driver . for attempt murder . 205 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - night 205 richie 's have Jimmy racine bring over . sit with he as the Three amigo watch from the shadow . just come off he high , and the attempt murder , Jimmy look disorient as he sit in cuff in the dungeon- like basement . richie because it 's a attempt homicide , that 's Grand jury . now , that Grand jury could come in very favorably . might turn out to be attempt manslaughter . self Defense even . she have a knife . depend on how I want to deal with you . you see where this be go . Jimmy look around at the basement dungeon with concern . jimmy the fuck be this place ? richie let 's say you beat it somehow . what do you think cousin Frank will think of that ? he know you have to sit here listen to something like this . and then you beat a attempt murder ? be he stupid ? he will assume you talk . Jimmy can easily imagine that scenario and it frighten he . ( cont ) 79 . 205 continued : 205 richie you fuck up , Jimmy . but nobody know . Frank do not know . yet . do you want he to read about it in the paper ? or do you want to walk out of here - no bail , no trial - just walk out , now . 206 ext . narcotics squad hq - newark - dawn 206 Jimmy have think about it all night and walk out of the building into the chilly morning air . richie v/o Jimmy ? look at I - Jimmy look over he shoulder as if richie just call to he from it , which he do not . there 's no one in sight - richie v/o any time I want to change my mind ? I do not like the quality of you work ? I can find a witness see you shoot you girlfriend . it just take I a while . I even know what he will look like . he will look just like you . 207 ext . meat packing district - day 207 teddy 's car come around a corner and down the street . 208 int . teddy' car - moving - day 208 Jimmy racine , wire , look in the rear view mirror at teddy in the back seat , and , behind he , richie 's car follow . 209 int . richie be car - same time 209 richie keep teddy 's car in view ahead . glance in he mirror at the car follow he . his detective . 210 ext . meat packing district - later - day 210 the detective ' car park behind a warehouse . richie peer into binocular at : teddy 's car park by Frank 's outside another warehouse load dock . Frank get out , discuss something with he brother , come past Jimmy to some man in bloody white coat . he talk to they , return to he car , take a valise from the trunk . he snap it open revealing stack of cash , hand it over and walk to a semi-truck , glance once in richie 's direction . though he can not see anyone there he give a wave to they - or be it to the truck driver to pull out - 80 . 211 ext . harlem STREET - day 211 like bumpy use to do every Thanksgiving , Frank and he brother , from the back of the truck , hand out hundred of freshly - butcher turkey to the poor . 212 int . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - day 212 Frank , in a apron , carry in a huge cook turkey as the extend Lucas family gather around the table . it 's like norman rockwell painting - 213 int / ext . alley / room harlem - same time - day 213 another Thanksgiving picture : addict shoot up and nodd out in alley and dingy room . tight on needle , vein , spoon , filth - 214 int . richie' apartment - same time - day 214 richie alone at he kitchen table with a sandwich and a beer . the macy 's parade play silently on he tv . a215 int / ext . trupo's house - same time - day a215 a doorbell summon trupo . he come through he entry . open the front door . find no one there - except a large live turkey on the doorstep . he stare at it nonpluss , then look up to a sound - a whoosh - as flame engulf the interior and spit out the window of he Shelby mustang ... b215 int . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - day b215 the big knife in Frank 's hand slice into the turkey and lift meat onto a plate that 's pass from hand to hand , the family engage in several conversation at once , laugh - 215 int . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - day 215 bathroom . Jimmy racine , shirt off , wire , change the battery of the little tape recorder . 216 ext . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - day 216 Jimmy come out , try to take a chair not too far from Frank who 's watch he nephew toss pop - up fly for the young kid to catch . frank stevie . come over here . ( the nephew come over ) I hear you do not show up . ( more ) ( cont ) 81 . 216 continued : 216 frank ( cont 'd ) you be too busy to meet with billy Martin ? after I set it up ? stevie shift around , not want to make Frank mad ... stevie I do not want to play pro ball , I decide . frank what be you talk about ? this be you dream since you be they age - ( the young kid ) maybe I can set it up again . stevie just stand there , uncomfortable . finally - stevie it 's not what I want . I want to do what you do , uncle Frank . I want to be you . Frank stare at he unhappily . teddy come over but Frank barely notice . teddy we get a problem . 217 int . teddy' car - moving - late afternoon 217 Jimmy racine behind the wheel . Frank and teddy in back , speak quietly . teddy he 's be cut it so much it 's down to two , three percent pure . frank you test it . you be sure . teddy nod . Frank notice Jimmy look at they in the rear view mirror . frank the fuck you look at ? 218 ext . jackie fox be club - new york - dusk 218 the car pull up in front of a building in the clothing district . Jimmy stay while teddy and Frank go inside . 82. 219 int . jackie fox be club - dusk 219 Jackie 's club look like a set from a blaxploitation film . Frank and teddy , lead by a bodyguard , come past some turkey carcass and other remnant of Thanksgiving to where Jackie and a couple friend cavort with some naked girl . jackie Frank . welcome . frank we need to talk . jackie great . Girls , get out . the girl gather they thing and leave . Frank wipe at a modern leather chair with he handkerchief , throw it away , sit . Jackie lay out a couple line , offer Frank a roll up hundred dollar straw . Frank shake he head , no thanks . jackie you talk to Charlie . you want to hear more about my Black Coalition . let I explain it to you - but first , let I suck up a line of coke - frank that 's not why I be here . ( Jackie glance up from the powder . no ? ) everybody 's happy , Jackie . Charlie , baz , the cop , the italian , everybody . everybody except you . jackie I be happy . frank then I do not understand . why do you have to take something that 's perfectly good the way it be , and wreck it ? Jackie do not seem to understand . frank brand name mean something , Jackie . Consumers rely on they to know what they be get . they know the company be not go to try to fool they with a inferior product . they buy a Ford , they know they be gonna get a Ford . ( more ) ( cont ) 83. 219 continued : 219 frank ( cont 'd ) not a fuckin datsun . ( he look say , right ? ) Blue Magic be a brand name ; as much a brand name as pepsi . I own it . I stand behind it . I guarantee it and people know that even if they do not know I any more than they know the chairman of General Foods . jackie what the fuck be you talk about , Frank ? frank what you be do , as far as I be concerned , when you chop my dope down to five percent , be trademark infringement . that . that 's what this be about . Jackie nod , but - jackie with all due respect , Frank , if I buy something , I can do whatever I want with it . frank that 's not true . that 's where you be wrong . jackie if I buy a car , I can paint it , God damn it . frank Jackie , you do not need to . you do not need to make more money than you can with Blue the way it be . no one do . at a certain point it 's just greed . jackie what do you want , Frank ? you want I to call it something else ? frank I have to insist . you call it Blue Magic , that 's misrepresentation . jackie Fine . I will call it Red Magic , even though it do not sound as good . frank that 's all I be say . wrap it in red cellophane and - ( cont ) 84 . 219 continued : 219 jackie pink Magic . Black Magic - frank whack it down to nothing , tie a bow around it and call it Blue dogshit if you want , just do not let I catch you do this again . Jackie regards Frank for a long moment ... jackie catch I ? insist ? infringement ? I do not like this word as much as please - thank you - sorry to bother you , Jackie . this be better word to use you come into my place without a invitation . Jackie wait to hear a kinder word but Frank do not offer one . Jackie nod , Fine , okay , but it 's more like a warning . 220 int . jackie' club - dusk 220 Frank pull a girl off teddy 's lap and point he toward the door . Jackie watch they leave . 221 ext . jackie' club - dusk 221 they emerge from the building to where Jimmy wait . teddy give I the key ; take a cab home . 222 int . teddy' car - moving - night 222 Frank and teddy drive in silence . eventually - frank you do not go over there any more . teddy do not like it , but nod . suddenly he face be illuminate by light reflect in the rear view mirror , a unmark police car behind they , flash its brights . frank it 's all right , pull over , what be they go to do ? give we a ticket ? but teddy be not as calm as he begin to pull over . 85 . 223 ext . garment warehouse district - NY - late afternoon 223 as trupo and he partner climb out of they car and approach teddy 's - teddy Frank ? some of it 's in the trunk . Frank regards he with utter disbelief . teddy shy as if he expect to get hit . the siu detective arrive . trupo hello , Frank . frank detective . how 's it go ? you have a nice Thanksgiving ? trupo I do not , as a matter of fact . get out of the car . the lucase climb out . frank where 's the Shelby ? trupo the Shelby 's go , Frank . trupo reach in the driver 's side window , take the key from the ignition and come around to the trunk . Frank and teddy exchange a glance as it open . silence . then - trupo want to come over here a minute , Frank ? six kilo of heroin be illuminate by the trunk light . Frank and trupo regard it in silence . then - trupo now what be we gonna do about this ? frank we be gonna shut the trunk and say good night , forget you pull we over . trupo I get a better idea . trupo reach into the trunk , pick up two of the heroin brick , tuck they under he arm and look at Frank - ( cont ) 86 . 223 continued : 223 trupo or would you rather I take it all and throw you and you brother in the fuckin river ? frank I do not know , would you rather it 's you fuckin house blow up next time ? they hold each other ' stare for a long moment . trupo I love that car . frank I know . trupo close the trunk and walk away with he cut of the heroin , call to he partner - trupo let 's go . as the siu cop walk to they car , the perspective shift , through binocular : richie watch . a224 int . teddy' car / STREET - later - night a224 from outside the driver 's side , teddy 's head , inside the car , suddenly smashes against the window , crack it . his groan be interrupt by Frank 's muffle voice - frank do not you ever put I in a car with dope in it . 224 int . richie' apartment - night 224 richie come in , open the fridge and stare in , he mind elsewhere . a ringing phone pull he out of it . richie yeah . tony . how 's it go ? 225 int / ext . tony iaca' house - day 225 tony 's wife and daughter can be see in the suburban backyard . here in the kitchen tony and richie watch kernel of popcorn bounce off the inside wall of the first amana microwave oven . it 's noisier than modern one . richie the fuck be a `micro ' wave ? ( cont ) 87 . 225 continued : 225 tony it 's a scientific force like atomic energy . it rearrange the molecule . richie of what . tony of anything . of popcorn . you do not want to put you head in there . tony rake out the plain , `pre-microwaveable ' popcorn , use he hand . give some to richie . half of it 's burnt . tony I can get you one of this . just like this , brand new . I will have it deliver . richie no , thanks . I do not want one . tony hand richie some snapshot : the Zaca family on the slope of a resort , and in and outside a beautiful snow - dot cabin . richie this be nice , where 's this ? tony aspen . just get back . have a great time . richie I would like to ski aspen some day . tony know who we meet ? burt reynold . I be not kid . lot of people from Hollywood go up there now , buy up everything . richie this be you place ? tony be you kid ? you know what it 's worth ? ski-in-ski-out , five bedroom , sauna , everything . we be guest . ( pause ) no ... no , that 's you place . everything seem to stop . richie become aware of the sound around they , the girl splash around outside ... ( cont ) 88. 225 continued : 225 tony be not there something we can do - about leave the big guy alone ? you know who I mean . what richie know be that no matter what he do or say at this point he 's get a problem . richie if I do not report what you just say to I , you know I could be in a lot of trouble . if I do , then it 's you . tony I be hope you will not do that . richie consider the room itself , measure the odd of microphone and a recorder be in it somewhere . tony I be not taping it . how do you know ? because we be friend and I be tell you . this be a real offer . richie from who , you uncle ? ( tony do not say ) why would you do this ? why would you risk we friendship ? tony because I care what happen to you . richie you should not have do it . tony I have to . I have no choice . neither do you . leave Frank Lucas alone . richie he 's not important enough for you to do this . tony yes , he be . richie stare at tony , then put the picture in he hand . richie tell Marie I be sorry I have to leave . you can tell she why . 89 . 226 int . narcotics squad hq - later - night 226 alone in the empty building , he stare at the t.o. : the higher echelon italian like tosca ; lower echelon harlem guy like Charlie Williams and Frank Lucas . he get up then , untack Frank 's photograph from its lowly position and move it to a place no black have ever occupy - to the top of the pyramid - above the mafia . 227 - 230 omit 227 - 230 omit a231 int . narcotics squad hq - day a231 toback regards Frank 's picture at top of the Lucas t.o. richie INS , FBI , IRS - I can not get anything out of they . nothing on he travel , he bank account , property holding - nothing . toback that 's because they all think you be on the take and you think they be . richie they do not want this to stop . it employ too many people . cop , lawyer , judge , probation officer , prison guard . the day dope stop come into this country , a hundred thousand people lose they job . toback be not as sure the corruption of the official world be that complete . spearman richie . Excuse I . spearman gesture to a couple of man in suit who want to talk to he . b231 int . narcotics squad hq - later - day b231 richie and tobacke regard the two stone - face FBI agent - richie who take it out ? ( nothing from the agent ) if there 's a contract on I , it would be nice to know who take it out . ( cont ) 90 . b231 continued : b231 FBI agent we can not say without compromise we source . you understand . richie no. I do not . not when it 's my life . FBI agent if you want , we can assign someone to you . richie who ? FBI ? you be go to protect I ? richie almost laugh at the think , look to toback . in fact , none of this be funny . c231 ext . STREET - newark - night c231 walk toward he apartment down its dark street , bag of grocery in arm , richie become aware someone be follow he . he slow to let the figure get closer , closer , then turn fast , drop the guy and put a gun to he head . man do not shoot ! for God 's sake . richie keep the gun press against the guy 's forehead . richie talk . man be you Richard Roberts ? I get a subpoena . 231 int . courtroom - newark - day 231 richie and Laurie sit with they respective lawyer , wait for the judge to appear . he lean over - richie Laurie . I be sorry I could not give you the kind of life you want . I be sorry it be never enough . but do not punish I for be honest . do not take my son away . she stare at he in disbelief . then respond in a louder voice than he - ( cont ) 91 . 231 continued : 231 laurie what be you say ? that because you be " honest " and do not take money like every other cop , I leave you ? the bailiff look over , but she do not care . laurie you do not take money for one reason : to buy be dishonest about everything else . and that 's worse than take money nobody give a shit about - drug money , gambling money nobody 's gonna miss . ( more people look over ) I would rather you take it and be honest with I . or do not take it , I do not care . but do not then go cheat on I . do not cheat on you kid by never be around . do not go out and get laid by you snitch and secretary and stripper . I can tell just by look , she 's one of they . his lawyer . which be true . everyone 's watch they now . laurie you think you be go to heaven because you " honest . " you be not . you be go to the same hell as the crooked cop you can not stand . bailiff all rise - 232 int . courtroom - later - day 232 the same judge who send a collection plate around sit before richie and Laurie and they attorney . sheila you honor , a lot have be say here today about how unsavory Mr. Roberts ' environment be for a child . how dangerous it be . I be sorry , but this be we world . this be where we live and we tell he , protect we . we give he that responsibility , and then say , oh , but we do not trust you to raise a child . we do not think you be fit for that . richie I be not . ( cont ) 92 . 232 continued : 232 silence . Sheila look at he , but he 's look at Laurie , and speak to she like they be alone in the room : richie you be right . this be no place for he . around I . take he . the further away the better . for he . 233 omit 233 omit 234 tv image ( archive ) : 234 the light on the rockefeller Christmas tree blink on to applause . a carol begin and continue over : a235 omit a235 omit 235 int / ext . franks car / franks penthouse - night 235 seat cover with Christmas present . Doc , drive , see trupo 's car park out front Frank 's penthouse . doc Frank - frank yeah , I see they . Doc pull to the curb outside Frank 's building . as the doorman help Doc with the big Christmas tree tie to the roof of the car , Frank cross to trupo 's car with a couple of bottle of Crystal tie with holiday bow . frank here you go , boy . merry Christmas . 236 omit 236 omit 237 int . franks penthouse - night 237 Charlie have come to visit . a Christmas carol play as Frank string the tree with some light . frank pay cop be one thing , I understand that . I be pay they since I be ten - put more of they kid through college than the National merit Award . this be different , this special investigation unit . they think they be special . ( cont ) 93. 237 continued : 237 charlie they be fuck crook . no code of ethic . Frank plug the cord in and the tree light up . frank someone 's be follow I . besides cop . I see car where they should not be . guy I do not know - charlie I , too . they regard each other . the carol continue over : 238 int . franks penthouse - later - night 238 Ana hang tinsel on the tree as Frank give the shepherd some dog toy present he 's buy . more to himself : frank bumpy hardly ever go out at a certain point . he stay in - read - watch tv - play chess . I think he choose to lead a quiet life . he do not . he could not go out without something happen . ana we can still go out . frank where ? with who ? everyone I know be under surveillance . I can not even be with my family at Christmas anymore . he get up , pet the dog , and look out the window at Christmas angel stretch across the street , at people on the sidewalk , wonder perhaps which of they be undercover cop , at trupo 's car , still park outside . ana why do not you just pay who you have to pay ? frank I do pay they , I pay they all . cop , accountant , lawyer , who do not I pay ? everybody . I pay they a fortune , it do not matter . it do not satisfy they . the more you pay , the more they expect . ( more ) ( cont ) 94 . 238 continued : 238 frank ( cont 'd ) you can not start with they because they can not stop . it 's like dope . they always want more . Ana look vulnerable . Frank almost feel bad that it 's he life and problem that have put they here . eventually , to try to turn it around - frank put on something nice , we be go out . 239 int / ext . franks penthouse build - night 239 Frank and Ana emerge from a service elevator , come down a dark hall and out the back door to a alley to where Doc wait with the car in the fall snow . 240 omit 240 omit 241 ext . small paradise - later - night 241 Frank 's car approach small 's just as Jackie , with a Santa Claus hat on , climb out of a sky blue bentley with he entourage . Frank groan to Doc - frank keep go . doc around back ? frank fuck that . I be not go to sneak into my own club . just drive . 242 omit 242 omit 243 int . chinese take - out place - night 243 wait for a take - out order under harsh fluorescent light - ana I be go to wait in the car . doc go ahead , Frank . I will wait for it . frank you can carry it all ? we order a lot . Doc nod , go on , go with Ana . Frank hand he a couple twenty . Ana 's already outside . ( cont ) 95 . 243 continued : 243 frank do not forget the yellow sauce . 244 omit 244 omit 245 ext . STREET - chinatown - night 245 Ana 's half a block ahead , wait outside the lock car by the time Frank arrive and realize - frank Doc 's get the key . let 's go back . ana the light give I a headache , you go . frank I be not leave you on the street . ana get the key , Frank , it 's cold . he start back through cascade snow . notice a car come slowly down the street - 246 int . chinese place - continued 246 the cook dump sizzling vegetable into a take - out container and put it in a bag - 247 ext . STREET - chinatown - continued 247 the car pass , continue to the end of the block , turn the corner . 248 omit 248 omit 249 int . chinese place - continued 249 Doc hand over money , wait for he change - doc gimme some of that yellow sauce . 250 ext . STREET - midtown - continued 250 Frank see the car again , come around the corner , walk briskly back to where Ana wait . the car be almost upon they as he grab she by the wrist and pull she hard along the sidewalk . the car gun its engine - 251 omit 251 omit 96 . 252 int / ext . chinese place - continued 252 as Frank push in past the door with Ana , the window explode . they dive to the floor , bullet rip through the place . Doc draw he two gun and fire back at the car , hit it a couple time as it screech off . he gather Ana and Frank off the floor like a presidential bodyguard , hustle they out to the car . Frank 's shoulder be bleed . doc you hit ? frank what the fuck be that ? they pile in and Doc screech away from the curb . 253 omit 253 omit 254 int . franks penthouse - night 254 heavy security in the hallway : Frank 's own man and some cop he 's get on the payroll . Ana step from the elevator and hurry past , early edition New York paper in hand . 255 int . franks penthouse - night 255 the brother watch as a private doctor attend Frank 's wound . he seem all right fine except for the fact that someone have the fuck nerve to take a shot at he - and Charlie he see in the newspaper - gun down , dead , lurid weegee - like photo of he on the front page . teddy be it Jackie ? ( Frank do not say ) I will fuckin kill he whether it be or not , you tell I to . ( nothing from Frank ) what do you want we to do , Frank ? we can not just sit here and - frank who do not like Charlie ? everybody like Charlie ... ana who shot at we ? ( Frank can not tell she ) it do not matter . we be leave . ( cont ) 97 . 255 continued : 255 she pull a drawer open . take out they passport . begins pack . the brother watch , not sure what to do , or say . to they - frank go home . go see you kid . he obviously want to talk to Ana alone . pull away from the doctor . they all leave . Ana keep pack . frank what be you do ? where have you be ? ana we be leave from here . money 's in the car . frank what money ? ana everything from you mother 's house . frank in you car ? ana yes . frank where 's the car ? ana out front . frank with ten million dollar in it ? ana I do not count it . frank be you crazy ? take it back to teaneck . what be you do drive around without security ? Doc will take you back . ana we be not go there , we be go to the airport . we be leave the country . frank to go where ? no , we be not . ( cont ) 98 . 255 continued : 255 ana Frank , Charlie 's dead . they try to kill we . what else have to happen - ? he grab she and hold she to calm she down . frank shhh. come on , now . shhh . he hold she close , wait for she breathe to slow before : frank where be we go to go ? Spain ? China ? which fuckin place be it go to be ? ana we can go anywhere we want . we can live anywhere . frank we can run and hide be what you be say . he slowly shake he head : that 's something he will never do . frank this be where I be from . this be where my family be . my business . my mother . this be my place . this be my country . this be America . 256 - 263 omit 256 - 263 omit 264 ext . hudson river - morning 264 the statue of Liberty in morning light and mist rise from the water of the Hudson River . a265 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - morning a265 richie , at he desk , look up to see trupo walk through the squad room , follow by spearman . spearman Said he will only talk to you . b265 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - later - morning b265 trupo 's attitude have completely change from the first time they meet . he talk to richie now like a fellow conspirator - ( cont ) 99 . b265 continued : b265 trupo from what I hear , it be the corsican . the french connection , Fernando rey , the exporter Frank have put out of business . now , I can take care of he in New York , but I do not want to have to worry every time he drive across the bridge to Jersey someone 's gonna take another shot at he . richie give nothing away even as it stun he that trupo would speak to he this blatantly . trupo we need to start work together . we need to step up we effort . next time they aim could be better . we need to keep this cash cow alive . Jimmy racine come in - see trupo - and leave - but not before trupo have see he . and now he see the Lucas table of Organization he do not notice when he come in . get up and walk over to it now and take a closer look . see Frank 's picture at the top , like enemy number 1 . trupo Jesus . what the fuck you do here ? you actually go to arrest Frank Lucas ? what 's the matter with you ? richie I be crazy . can not you tell that ? I be crazy enough to shoot someone and make it look like a accident next time he come over the bridge without my permission . get the fuck out of New Jersey . they regard each other a moment before trupo turn to leave . c265 int . franks penthouse - day c265 a large tv show chaotic scene in saigon . the US be pull out of Vietnam . tosca have come to see how Frank be recover , and find he , agitate , too long in bed even though it 's only be a day , change into a nice shirt , put on he shoe - frank " I can guarantee you peace of mind , " you say . do I look like a man with peace of mind to you ? they shot at my wife . who do that ? ( more ) ( cont ) 100 . c265 continued : c265 frank ( cont 'd ) who be it , which one of you people ? I will take that gun away and shove it up they ass . tosca I do not know that it be any of they , Frank . neither do you . frank then maybe I will kill they all just to make a fuckin point . tosca seem more philosophical about it - like bumpy might have be - but it be not he who be shot at . tosca you want to know who it be ? I can tell you . it be a junkie . or a rival . or some dumb ass kid try to make a name for himself . or someone you forget to pay off . or slighted without realize it . or someone you put out of business by be too successful . ( pause ) success have a lot of enemy . you success be who take a shot at you . how you gonna kill it ? by be unsuccessful ? you can be successful and have enemy , or unsuccessful and have friend . it 's the choice we make . 265 int . massage room - soul brother bar - night 265 a call have interrupt nate 's massage ( and later activity ) with a bevy of thai girl . he wrap himself in a robe , take the phone . nate hello ? 266 int . regency HOTEL - same time - day 266 Frank on a pay phone in a comfortable alcove with a stack of quarter . other guest be gather around a tv in the lounge that show image of helicopter pluck diplomat off the roof of the american embassy in saigon . frank I be watch the news . where the hell 's everyone go ? nate Home . the war 's over . ( cont ) 101 . 266 continued : 266 frank just like that ? we be go to leave the fuckin country to the communist ? nate we be here since 1961 , Frank . frank I have not ! hard CUT to : 267 ext . jungle - day 267 Frank and nate and they " army " of black serviceman and thai thug wind through the jungle with pack mule . 268 int . bamboo dwelling - opium farm - day 268 the same farm and hut as before . Frank and the chinese General sip tea . the four million dollar in cash Frank bring sit on the table . general opium plant be hearty enough to outlive any war . they will still be here long after the troops be go . but what be you go to do for transportation when the last US plane go home ? frank I will figure something out . you will see I again . the General seem fond of Frank , and not only because of all the money on the table . general it 's not in my best interest to say this , Frank ... but quit while you be ahead be not the same as quit . frank that 's what my wife think . general but you do not think she 's right . Frank do not say . 102 . 269 ext . opium farm - day 269 mule be load up with burlap bag contain 3,000 kilo of heroin . a270 ext . opium farm / jungle - day a270 the mule train approach the jungle that surround the opium farm . nate 's thai thug , leave behind in sniper position in the tree , stand ready to open fire if they have to as Frank , nate , the soldier and mule pass below . b270 ext . jungle - later - day b270 they seem to have make it , wind back down through the jungle with the mule . suddenly a barrage of gunfire erupt from the tree - a couple of nate 's man be hit as the rest dive for cover , shouting " vietcong , " and return the fire . Frank drop down from he mule , get a pistol out and shoot into the tree . bullet - severe palm frond rain down . frank give they half ! nate , pin down by the mule , can not hear he over the noise . frank cut half of they loose ! the mule ! nate cut the mule - train tether in the middle , slap at the animal . as the freed mule disappear into a wall of tree the shoot subside , then stop altogether . smoke from all the gunfire rise like mist around the half dozen thais and Americans lie dead on the ground . 270 ext . STREET - night 270 teddy make out with a girl in the back seat of he car . the pay phone just outside on the corner ring , and he get out , step past Jimmy , answer it - 271 int . soul brother bar - bangkok - intercut - day 271 a thai singer attempt otis redding on the little stage . Frank , at a table here , with a drink and a phone . frank Newark . short term parking lot 3. teddy v/o when you need it ? today ? ( cont ) 103 . 271 continued : 271 frank tomorrow will be fine . 272 ext . STREET - continued 272 Jimmy loiter close enough to the open pay phone , to hear teddy 's side of the conversation . teddy short term lot 3 . this the mustang be talk about ... camero ? ... what 's the plate number ? ( write on a napkin ) yeah , I get it ... I get it , Frank ... ( sigh ; read from the napkin : ) ka 760 . 273 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 273 Jimmy 's come over to share he news with the detective . but richie be not pleased with it - or with Jimmy . abruzzo there 's no short term lot 3 at Newark . they be lettere , a , B , C , D - jimmy I be just tell you what I hear - abruzzo then you hear wrong ! Jimmy shy back a step in case abruzzo take a swing . spearman maybe he mean the time ? 3 o'clock ? jone and this be not a Jersey plate . or New York . not with just two letter . it 's three and three , not two and three - jimmy it 's what he say - jone then what the fuck be it - jimmy the fuck should I know - ( cont ) 104 . 273 continued : 273 abruzzo you be fuckin lie - jimmy it 's what he say . I be sure . spearman ka 760 - jimmy yes ! silence . they all look at each other . after a moment - richie none of you ever be in the service ? it 's a Air Force tail number . 274 ext . sky - day 274 the plane , with that tail number , descend through cloud . 275 ext . newark airport - day 275 richie 's entire staff of detective , along with toback , the da and several custom agent , stand on the tarmac , watch the military plane taxiing toward they - 276 ext . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - day 276 quiet sound of suburban domesticity - chirp bird , a distant lawn mower - 277 ext . newark airport - continued 277 the cabin door slide up , the passenger begin emerge : military officer , embassy personnel and family . richie 's detective and toback watch he with concern as the official passenger , meet by a bevy of assistant , file past - 278 int . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - continued 278 the kitchen . Frank 's mother show Ana some old photograph of Frank as a boy as they sip coffee . there 's a tap on the glass french door . the woman look up and see trupo just outside it , and other police move past . he wave . 279 omit 279 omit 280 ext . newark airport - continued 280 a Army captain approach richie 's law enforcement group . ( cont ) 105 . 280 continued : 280 richie Captain , I be Richard Roberts , director of the Essex County narcotics Bureau . 281 int . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - continued 281 Front door . trupo sort of wave a search warrant at Julie as invite himself in . the NY cop follow , fan out . trupo and he detective head upstairs - 282 int . airport hangar - later 282 the plane have be bring into a hangar where it 's be take apart like a car stripped by thief . Inside the cabin , seat be remove and inspect , carpete pull up , panel unscrewe , lavatory dismantle . 283 int . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - continued 283 downstair - Ana and Frank 's mother , guard , can hear trupo and he detective , upstairs , ransack a bedroom . upstair - the siu detective pull open drawer , throw clothes from the closet . trupo pick up a invitation to a United Nations ball , toss it down again . find a safety - deposit box key in a sock drawer , put it in he pocket . 284 int . airport hangar - continued 284 the engine and landing gear be disassembled , the tire open up and searched . a nozzle plunge into a toilet and pump out the content into barrel detective fish through with glove hand - 285 int . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - later - day 285 Ana be take upstairs , bring before the siu detective who wait for the nypd cop to leave the room . the place have be tear apart . trupo you husband 's illustrious career be over . the fed be go to come in and take it all . everything . but not before I get my gratuity . where 's the money ? ana there be some on that dresser , but it 's go now so I guess you ( take it ) - trupo the money ! the getaway money Frank and every other gangster keep in he house ! ( cont ) 106 . 285 continued : 285 ana if you leave now , there 's a chance Frank might not kill you - trupo slap she hard across the face - 286 int . airport hangar - later 286 richie , off by himself , watch with a grow sense of panic as the mechanic , detective and custom agent begin remove the metal skin from the plane . coffins be be off-loaded . 287 int . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - later 287 downstair , mama Lucas put washcloth on Ana 's swollen cheek . they can hear the search continue upstairs : thing be rip from the wall , the wall themselves splinter apart with sledgehammer , glass break . to mama Lucas - ana I be sorry . 288 int . airport hangar - later 288 they have look everywhere and find nothing . the plane , in fact , hardly resemble a plane anymore - no panel leave that have not be remove , no cavity not probe - except - richie 's glance settles on the military casket as they be load onto a truck , armed soldier stand guard - 289 int / ext . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - day 289 Frank 's bedroom have be destroy . trupo , stand at a window glance out at the sound of a bark of a dog to see Frank 's german shepherd down in its kennel . 290 int . airport hangar - continued 290 richie get up slowly and approach the coffin as - 291 ext . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - day 291 trupo cross the lawn toward the kennel and bark dog - 292 int . airport hangar - continued 292 richie stand over the nearest coffin - richie open it . ( cont ) 107 . 292 continued : 292 the army captain regards the detective for a long moment . richie the warrant permit I to search the plane and its cargo . the captain do not comply . richie move to open the coffin himself and every soldier 's shoulder rifle immediately come into fire position , aim at he . army captain but you do not have my permission . richie stare at the weapon and the uniform man hold they , safeties off , finger on the triggers ; all they be wait for be they commander 's order to fire . richie I do not need it . 293 ext . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - continued 293 trupo regards the shepherd snarling at he from behind the kennel fence . come around back . pushes at the frame . it move a little , like it 's lever - 294 int . airport hangar - continued 294 with the rifle still point at he , richie kneel down , pull the latch of the coffin , half expect to hear a accompany barrage of gunfire . he lift the lid . see a long black body bag inside - 295 ext . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - continued 295 trupo come around to the front of the kennel again with he gun out and aim it at the dog . as he fire - 296 int . airport hangar - continued 296 richie pull at the zipper , parting the plastic body bag , revealing the remain of a young soldier - US attorney that 's enough . 297 ext . mama lucas' teaneck , n.j. house - continued 297 the dead dog slide against the fencing as trupo overturn the kennel to reveal Frank 's stash of cash . 108 . 298 int . airport hanger office - minute later - day 298 richie and toback sit before the Federal attorney and custom agent . the US Attorney hang up a phone ... then : US attorney that be a military transport plane . if there be heroin on board then someone in the military would have to be involved . which mean that even as it fight a war that 's claim 50,000 Americans life , the military be smuggle narcotic . richie 's in serious trouble and know it . as do toback . US attorney that 's how this event be be interprete by General easton in that call to I . that someone employ by the this office believe the United States Army be in the drug trafficking business - and be try to prove it by desecrate the remain of young man who have give they life in the defence of democracy . richie there be drug on that plane - US attorney shut the fuck up . richie do , but can not conceal the contempt he feel for this man who have never spend a minute on the street but act as if know more than he , and who be , in the unfortunate organization of he world , he superior . US attorney be it any wonder then , because of you action , the entire federal narcotic program be now in jeopardy of be dismantle as completely and enthusiastic - ally as that fuck transport plane ? that 's what you have accomplish Mr. Roberts . single -handedly . richie I have good information the target of my investigation be bring dope in on that plane . US attorney and that target be ? ( cont ) 109 . 298 continued : 298 richie Frank Lucas . no one in the room , except richie and toback , have ever hear the name . the federal man regard one another blankly . US attorney who ? who 's Frank Lucas ? ( no one seem to know ) who 's he work for ? which family ? richie he 's not italian . he 's black . now there 's a longer , even deeper silence , before - US attorney be that suppose to be some kind of joke ? you be this close to the end of you career in law enforcement , you be make joke ? richie I believe Frank Lucas be above the mafia in the dope business . I believe he busy direct from the source in Southeast Asia , cut out all the middlemen , and use US military plane and personnel to bring pure no. 4 heroin into United States . richie be look at face that be still try to make sense out of he ridiculous theory . toback try to come to he defense - toback richie have a lot of experience - US attorney do he . and how many arrest have he make in he so-called investigation ? richie I be promise when I take this job , it be about real arrest . US attorney do that mean `none ? ' richie I have case against most of Frank 's organization . not he - ( cont ) 110 . 298 continued : 298 US attorney ( more to the other ) Frank 's organization - richie that 's right . US attorney no fuck nigger have accomplish what the american mafia have not in a hundred year ! richie yeah , you would know , sit here , have never be on the ( street ) - US attorney Lou , get this fuck kike out of here - richie go for he and land several punch before toback and the other can pull he off . 299 omit 299 omit 300 int / ext . airport hangar office - day 300 richie and toback walk briskly across the lobby - toback he be out of line , richie . richie be not really listen . stride past he detective on he way out of the building . to spearman - toback it 's over . you be shut down . toback watch as the detective follow after richie stride toward he car . 301 - 302 omit 301 - 302 omit a303 int / ext . airport terminal - night a303 Frank come out with a airline representative to find Doc wait for he . he can tell immediately something 's wrong . b303 int . franks penthouse - night b303 Frank slap a cartridge into the butt of a pistol . frank ten million dollar mean nothing to I . ( cont ) 111 . b303 continued : b303 Ana stare at the floor . it all just seem to get worse and worse . they have they chance to get out and miss it . frank this - be he death warrant . he lightly touch he wife 's bruise face and walk out . c303 int . franks penthouse - night c303 he come down the stair to where Doc wait . as they head for the door - mrs . luca frankie - Frank glance to where he mother sit in the live room . nod to Doc to say , get the car , I will be out in a minute . go over to he mother . mrs . luca sit down . he sit . she study he in a way she have not since he be little . eventually - mrs . luca if you would have be a preacher , you brother would be preacher . if you would be a soldier , they would be soldier . do you know that ? ( he do not say ) they all come here because of you . you call and they come run . they look up to you . they expect you to always know what 's best . ( pause ) but even they know you do not shoot cop . even I know that . Ana know it . you seem to be the only one who do not . frank be that where I be go ? mrs . luca I never ask you where all this come from because I do not want to hear you lie to I . do not lie to I . do not do that , too . she 's not plead , she 's tell . silence . then - ( cont ) 112 . c303 continued : c303 mrs . luca do you really want to make thing so bad for you family they will leave you ? because they will . she will - ( point upstairs ) I know I will . Frank have some trouble look at she . but then get up . walk toward the front door to leave . hesitates near it a long moment . then turn and walk upstairs . trupo will live , at least for now , because of she . d303 int . army hospital - night d303 down in the basement , the body bag be lift from the wooden coffin . set down on table . the bag unzip and the body remove . a rack of clean uniform be bring in . the mortician begin dress the corpse and apply make - up on the dry gray skin . New white military casket be trundle in . gold handle lift . the body , clothed and paint now , be deposit on the silk lining . the lid of the coffin come down and cellophane bag contain fold flag be tape on top . 303 - 309 omit 303 - 309 omit 310 ext . army hospital - night 310 the white casket be take to a load dock , put in a military truck . paper be sign , copy exchange . as the truck drive off - 311 int . army hospital - night 311 two black private on janitorial duty come into the room where the original plain wooden coffin have be discard . they remove the lid , then the finely - craft false bottom , revealing in 4 - inch cavity of each , tightly - pack brick of double uo Globe heroin . as they take they out , a gospel choir begin and continue over : 312 ext . army hospital - morning 312 a laundry truck idle . stevie , the Lucas nephew who could have play for yankee , jump down , help the two private toss several laundry bag into the back of the truck . 113. a313 ext . baptist church - morning a313 a minister on the step welcome the congregation which include Frank , he mother , and Ana - 313 ext . perimeter of the army base - morning 313 the laundry truck come past a guard gate , leave the base , drive past a stand of tree . as it pass , richie , park by he detective ' car , recognize the young driver - who 's wear the same yankee baseball cap in he t.o. photo . as richie and he detective climb into they car , two Lucas car fold in behind the laundry truck . the detective follow at a distance - a314 omit a314 omit 314 int . baptist church - morning 314 the sea of lady ' hat from above move in time with the gospel choir . as always , no matter what else be go on in he complicated life , Frank sit with he mother and Ana in they usual pew . the gospel music continue over : a315 ext . baptist church - morning a315 Frank emerge from the church , kiss he mother and Ana and put they in a car with a driver . he climb into Doc 's alone . his mother watch , wonder perhaps if he intend to go kill trupo after all . as Doc 's car leave , so do another . 315 - 318 omit 315 - 318 omit 319 int / ext . richie be car - moving - near GW bridge - morning19 3 the laundry truck approach a ramp lead to the George Washington Bridge . richie , a couple of car length behind , follow . the truck continue straight . 320 omit 320 omit 321 ext . newark - morning 321 from overhead , the laundry truck , the gun car and the van - and the detective ' car follow they all - converge from different direction - 114 . 322 ext . newark - near stephen crane project - morning 322 Red top 's van make a turn . as abruzzo 's make the same turn behind it , the infamous Stephen crane project rise up in he windshield . his foot come off the gas . as the gun car pass , he see Jones 's car slow . teddy 's car approach from another direction into the project , and abruzzo see spearman pull over . then the laundry truck turn in , and richie 's slow to a stop , like abruzzo 's , outside the grounds of the forebode tower . the gospel music end . a323 ext . cemetery - morning a323 Doc wait in the car while Frank busy some flower at a cemetery flower stand . the surveillance car cruise past . 323 int . toback's house - morning 323 toback , in he bathrobe , glass of milk in one hand , phone in the other ... toback where be it ? richie v/o somewhere in the South tower . toback you know that it 's there . you be sure . richie v/o positive . 324 ext . stephen crane project - same time 324 richie , on a pay phone across down the street from the project , look up at the dark South tower . richie Lou . we be ready to go in there know there 's a good chance we will not all come out . that 's what we be willing to do . all I be ask you to do get I a warrant . silence on the other end of the line ... richie we do not have a lot of time to fuck around - ( cont ) 115 . 324 continued : 324 toback v/o I will call in the warrant . and some backup . do not go in before either get there . this call disconnect . 325 int . apartment , the project - morning 325 the girl spread and tape plastic sheet to tabletop , then begin change for work , which mean undress . 326 ext . stephen crane project - morning 326 richie and he guy wait for the warrant by they car . jone how long we gonna wait for it ? 327 int . apartment , the project - morning 327 pharmaceutical scale balance to they counterweight as the five naked , mask woman cut the heroin with quinine to Frank 's exact standard . Red top put on some coffee . 328 ext . stephen crane project - morning 328 richie stare down the street , wait for whatever it be they be wait for . spearman look at he watch . richie it will be here . 329 int . apartment , the project - morning 329 a paper- cutter blade slice a sheet of blue cellophane . the girl at the table , with the expertise of Cuban cigar maker , wrap piece of the cellophane like tobacco leave around precisely - measure 1 / 4 - ounce drift of Black Magic . a330 ext . cemetery - morning a330 Frank 's car wind up the road of the cemetery . the surveillance car come through the main gate and park . 330 ext . stephen crane project - morning 330 several black and white and undercover car approach , siren off . toback himself climb out of one of the car and hand richie the search warrant . 116 . 331 ext . stephen crane project - morning 331 the tall building cast long shadow of dread on every activity below , no matter how routine : a woman push a stroller , guy shoot hoop , a couple argue , kid on bike , old man rest on a graffiti-cover bench . the unmark car drive slowly through it all . the place teeter on the brink of violence you can feel as gang move under the shadow of the tower . 332 int . ground floor , south tower , the project - day 332 richie remove the cover plate of a elevator , cut the wire , disengaging it , then lead the amigo , follow by more detective to a stairwell . the place be like Beirut . debris-strewn , graffiti-cover . a333 ext . cemetery - continued - day a333 Frank walk past grave to bumpy 's . replace some dry flower with fresh one . look around for something to sit on . see some wooden fold chair around a fresher grave nearby . Doc wait by the car in the distance . 333 int . stairwell - floors - south tower - day 333 floor by floor , they work they way up the tower like commando , the squalor and decay and hopelessness somehow intensify the higher up they go . reaching the 17th floor , they listen to a strange sound before ease the fire door open enough to see a kid on a Big wheel pedall straight at they . he pass and the sound fade . 334 int . 17th floor hallway - day 334 half the apartment door be go . tvs and radio echo , voice argue , infant wail . the detective come around a corner and see at the end of it : a couple of guy with a saw - off shotgun sit outside a close door . they step back . consider one other . spearman volunteer with a nod , continue on alone as the other wait . he walk up to the guy with the gun . spearman I get to talk to teddy . guy with gun get the fuck out of here . ( cont ) 117 . 334 continued : 334 spearman what the fuck be that ? I get business with teddy and it 's none of you fuckin business except to knock on the fuckin door and get he . as the guy stand , pump the shotgun , spearman yank it hard against he throat like a garrote , force he to the floor . the shotgun explode , shower plaster and pellet . Jones and abruzzo be instantly all over the other guy as richie swing the sledgehammer into the door - 335 int . apartment , the project - continuous 335 the door splinter - the room already in chaos - teddy , panicked , run for the bedroom - the detective crash in yell at the girl to get down - a shot from somewhere inside wing abruzzo - Jones and spearman fire back - crawl across the floor like a infantrymen - richie come into the darken bedroom lead with he pistol . but teddy 's go . he see a tapestry of a tiger on a wall . pull at it , find a big hole knock into another dark apartment , climb through , see a open door - 336 int . the project build - continuous 336 as richie rush out to the hallway he can hear footfalls echoing in the stairwell . he start down , take the stair five at a time , chase teddy down two flight - teddy yank open a door , run down a corridor , bang into a apartment . richie reach the apartment just as teddy be go out onto a exterior balcony - richie continue along the interior corridor , run parallel to teddy on the balcony , who trip over some debris and garbage , look over he shoulder for richie - richie cut through another apartment to head he off , but the door to the balcony be nail shut . so be the window . richie look around , grab a small portable television and , just as teddy run past , hurl it through a window at he , hit he in the head . he fall hard , daze . richie hurry through the break window . teddy come to and fight back , until richie break he femur with he bare hand . teddy howl in excruciate pain - 337 int / ext . dry cleaners - day 337 Police car outside . Eugene Lucas be cuffed and lead away . 118. 338 ext . metal door shop - day 338 more police outside lester 's place . they cuff he . 339 ext . tire service shop - day 339 New Jersey trooper cuff Turner Lucas and lead he away . 340 ext . electrical shop - day 340 cuffed , Earl Lucas be put in the back of a patrol car . 341 ext . cemetery - continued - day 341 Frank , on a wooden fold chair at bumpy 's grave , hear the gun of engine and bark of cop . he turn to see Doc be handcuff on the ground by the towncar . glance to a lone figure walk toward he over a rise . richie . richie arrive at the grave . regards the monument to ellsworth Johnson , and Frank sit calmly regard he . richie glance around the peaceful surroundings ... richie what kind of tree be this ? Frank look at the tree , then at richie , with equal serenity . frank you think you get Frank Lucas . you get nothing . a342 int . richie' apartment - day a342 richie cut the tag off a new , inexpensive suit . slip the jacket on , which seem somehow to fit a little better at the store . cut the tag off a tie . b342 int . courthouse mens room - day b342 someone throw up in a stall . the toilet flush , the door open and richie step up to a sink , regards he face in the mirror . under the fluorescent light - maybe under any kind - he skin be a shade of death . he splashes water on it and try to gather himself . 342 int . courtroom - day 342 at the prosecutor table , richie steal glance at the battery of expensive attorney over at the defense table . ( cont ) 119 . 342 continued : 342 the courtroom door swing open and richie see Frank Lucas , in a tailore suit , escort in without cuff by a amiable - look federal marshal . as Frank move through the gallery , richie see it 's full of the gangster 's friend , many of they celebrity , who smile and greet and fawn as if the Pope have arrive . richie have evidence table cover with cash , weapon , stock , bond , property deed , picture of Frank 's holding , heroin in blue cellophane . Frank have celebrity , community leader , Joe Louis himself who will testify to Frank 's benevolent character . the champ hug the heroin trafficker warmly in front of everyone and richie wonder if he should just give up now . richie see it in slow motion : the hand reach out to Frank , the pat on he back , lipstick mouth of beautiful woman offer kiss and word of encouragement , he old mother give he a hug . he watch Frank 's head turn slowly , he eye pass he phalanx of attorney , the jury , finally settling on richie in he cheap suit seat at the prosecutor table . Frank 's eye smile as they regard richie , and seem to ask , can you see this - can you see what you be up against - can you see how insignificant you be ? reaching the end of the welcoming line finally , Frank brushes by richie and disappear from view somewhere within the protective husk of he multi-million - dollar legal team . judge Mr. Roberts - richie slowly lift himself from he chair , step forward , turn to look at the jury that 's study he , finally find he voice : richie thank you , you honor . lady and gentleman - 343 int . county jail - interview room - day 343 Wire mesh separate Frank from he battalion of lawyer . he glance over they to richie be lead through the large visit room . frank here he be , let I talk to he alone . ( cont ) 120 . 343 continued : 343 the attorney get up and leave . richie take they place . Frank regards he a moment , offer the same know smile from the courtroom . richie offer nothing . frank I just hear something . I say it could not be true . you do not really turn in a million dollar you find in the trunk of a car , do you ? richie do not say . Frank search he face for some clue to where on earth he 's from . frank want I to tell you what happen to it ? it end up in cop ' pocket . richie maybe . frank maybe ? no . it do . all you do be give it to they for nothing in return . not nothing : you get they contempt . Frank study he . frank why would you do that ? what be you try to prove , you be better than they ? you be not better than they . you be they . richie I do not have the time or interest to listen to ( this ) - frank you do it because it be right . that 's all . why 's that hard to say ? the question be would you do it again ? that be a long time ago . it would be very easy to find out . tell I you want to find out , tell I the address , and a car will be there , the trunk load . richie know Frank be not kid ... richie no , thanks . Frank suddenly explode - ( cont ) 121. 343 continued : 343 frank who the fuck be you to say no to that ? you think that impress I ? Guards look over , then glance away once it 's clear the outburst be through . richie remain serene . eventually - frank let I ask you something . you think by put I in jail , you be go to stop even one junkie from die ? because you will not . if it be not I , it will be someone else . with I or without I , nothing 's go to change . richie then that 's the way it be . frank you have any sort of case ? or just that idiot drive for my brother . be he you case ? because if it 's just he and the powder , it 's not enough . richie then you get nothing to worry about . but Frank be worried , most of all by this cop who do not take money sit placidly in front of he . frank my brother will not talk to you . my cousin . none of my family . no one but that mother fuck driver . richie I get more than that . I get a line of people want to testify that stretch out the door and around the block . frank bullshit . richie be it ? tony the bug. benny two-socks . carmine camanetti . frank who the fuck be they ? I do not know they and they do not know I . ( cont ) 122. 343 continued : 343 richie they sell dope for the mazzano crime family . which you all but put out of business . frank this be who you be go to put on the stand ? guy who do not know I ? who get nothing to do with I ? richie they have everything to do with you . and the only thing they hate more than you be what you represent . frank I do not represent nothing . richie you do not ? Black businessman like you ? of course you do . but once you be go , thing can return to normal . frank look at I . you look ? can you tell by look it would mean nothing to I if tomorrow you turn up dead ? richie get in line . that one stretch around the block , too . Frank have never be so frustrated by anyone in he life . he want to work something out with richie obviously , but he can not figure out how . Frank study he . frank what can we do ? richie you know what you have to do . Frank do , but do not like it , and do not know if he can do it . frank I could give you cop , but that 's not who you want , be it . you want organize crime name . richie I will take they , too . I want they all . ( cont ) 123. 343 continued : 343 Frank be not sure he hear right . frank you will take they , too ? you would go after cop ? be you serious ? you would do that ? lock up you own kind ? richie they be not . not the one in business with you . they be not my kind any more than the italian be yours . they regard one another in silence . richie can tell Frank see daylight . frank what can you promise I ? richie I can promise you if you lie to I about one name , you will never get out of prison . lie about one dollar in one offshore account , you will never get out . you can live rich in jail the rest of you life , or poor outside it , that 's what I can promise . Frank be silent for several moment . finally - frank you know , I do not care if the fed take all my building , my stock , my off - shore account . they can take it all , I do not care - use it to build battleship , paint bridge , whatever the fuck they want . fight another war . but that other motherfucker - the cop - put my money in they pocket . million . richie I believe it . Frank debate with himself the step he 's about to take ... richie I want to know everyone you have meet for the last twenty year . everyone you sell to . every cop you ever pay off . every one who ever steal from you . every one you remember . ( cont ) 124 . 343 continued : 343 frank oh , I remember they all . that 's not the problem . richie what be ? frank the jail 's be not big enough . 344 int . county jail cell / street of new york - day 344 surveillance photograph of cop see earlier take envelope of money on 116th Street and other drop go up on a new , elaborate table of Organization - of cop . 345 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 345 richie dismantle the Lucas table of Organization here , take down the photograph . as it collapse - 346 int . county jail cell - continued 346 Frank put up photograph of detective - 347 quick cut of the same detective , in handcuffs , lead through 347 police station past other cop watch with dread like maybe they be next - a surveillance photograph of the four prince of the City stride down a sidewalk go up on the cell wall - 348 flashcut as three of the four siu cop be lead away in cuff 348 from a golf course - 349 a surveillance photograph of trupo in a black hand - 349 frank you go up here . you " special . " as Frank tape the picture of trupo at the top of the pyramid of corruption - 350 int / ext . trupo's garage - morning 350 trupo , coffee in hand , come into he garage from he kitchen . open the garage door and see two squad car park outside ... 351 a tv : a report on the indictment hand down by the 351 Manhattan da 's office against 53 nypd and siu detective - 125 . 352 int . prison cell - day ( year later ) 352 Frank gather he few personal belonging and put they in a box . stands with the box and wait for the cell door to open . the table of Organization and file be go . legend : Frank Lucas be convict of conspiracy to distribute narcotics and sentence to 70 year . he serve 15 of they . legend : Federal authority confiscate over 250 million dollar from he in real estate , equity and cash in US and foreign bank . 353 int . narcotics squad hq - newark - day 353 richie , too , be pack , put personal item into box . legend : the day after he convict Frank Lucas and 30 of he country Boy relative , Richard Roberts borrow $ 400 from he credit union to help pay for a 3 - day vacation to the Bahamas . richie , carry the box , switch off the light and close the door behind he on he way out . legend : six month later , he quit the prosecutor Office to become a defense attorney . his first client be Frank Lucas . 354 ext . prison - day ( 1990 ) 354 Frank step out into sunlight , free but own nothing but the cardboard box in he arm . look out across the parking lot to see if anyone have come to pick he up . see richie by he car , hand raise above he head like a flag . 355 ext . 116th STREET , harlem - day 355 the two of they stand outside richie 's car on the same corner Frank shot tango . Frank look up at the street sign that use to say 116th Street and 8th Avenue . now they say 116th Street and Frederick douglass boulevard . frank Frederick douglass boulevard ? what be wrong with just plain 8th Avenue ? he consider the street itself . it too have change . the corner grocery , as bumpy prophesied , really be go now . ( cont ) 126 . 355 continued : 355 frank I use to sit here with Ana in my old car . she hate it . now I do not even have a car . or she . Frank glance to where he favorite diner use to be , and across the street to where he shot tango . it be not a fruit stand any more . frank just do what ? richie what ? frank the fuck be that ? just do what ? it 's a nike store with huge painting of Michael Jordan and the admonition " just do it . " richie sneaker . expensive one . frank who the fuck would buy that ? a car equip with sub- woofer bass come booming past . Frank stare at it with the same pain look bumpy have at the discount emporium . richie you brother know you be out ? frank I have not talk to they in year . it 's better that way . for they . I do not know where they be . go back to Greensboro when they get out , I guess . richie nod . Frank look back at the new storefront . frank what be I go to do now , be a janitor ? what do I know how to do ? how be I go to live ? richie I tell you I would not let you starve . frank you tell I but you can barely take care of yourself . ( more ) ( cont ) 127 . 355 continued : 355 frank ( cont 'd ) ( glance to a pay phone on the corner ) you know , one phone call , richie , I could be back in business . the look richie give he calmly assure Frank if he do that it would be the last phone he make outside prison - ever . frank I will not . I be just say I could . he button the cuff of the fake member only windbreaker richie buy he off the street . frank thanks for the clothes . richie you be welcome . Frank glance away to three young hood come toward they like they own the sidewalk and everything around it - baggy pants , bandanas tie around they head . frank uh-oh. look out . here come the gangster . Frank 's right in they path but do not move , force one of they to squeeze between he and a parking meter . the gangsta look back , be about to say something , or do something , but , examine the expression of quiet menace on Frank 's face , think better of it . the other stop . gangsta 2 what . the first one be still stare at Frank , but finally have the good sense to let it go . gangsta 1 nothing . they move on . Frank glance to richie . frank every idiot get to be young once . Frank zip up he member only jacket , prop up the collar and point himself in the other direction . frank let 's get out of here .