american animal by Bart layton Raw , 13 - 21 curtain Road , London ec2a 3lt United Kingdom " we must suppose that american animal , have in most case ordinary power of vision , slowly migrate by successive generation from the outer world into the deeper and deeper recess of the kentucky cave . " Charles darwin , on the Origin of species open archive montage and credit set to the like of '' the best be yet to come '' by frank sinatra - depict all that be wonderful about america at this moment in time - JUNE 2003 . GEORGE BUSH deliver tax cut , baghdad burn , britney rise , zero finance on vega time - share , schwarzenegger become governor , gdp rocket , wildfire devour california , car commercial , a school shoot , the golden globe , infomercials for personal injury claim , etc , etc . caption : this be not base on a true story become this be a true story i/e . CA . day sunlight through tree . off-speed / semi-slow-motion we appear to be look out the window of a car pass through suburban lexington , kentucky - everything green , genteel and placid as a sleep pill - induce nap . Old man prune hedge as droopy - ear dog look on from manicure lawn , a dad teach he kid to ride without stabilizer , a little girl bounce soundlessly on a trampoline , a neighbour wash he car ... the radio scrub through station to find one advertising zero finance on a brand new Lexus ... " ...open the door to success " . voice ( 0.s . ) what follow be a true story although there will almost certainly come a moment in this film where you will doubt that it be a true story and I can promise you there have be time when I wish it be not .... but it be and ... CUT to : int . real spencer interview set up the real spencer reinhard be reveal sit in a voice - over booth read from a script before look into camera real spencer ... this be I , Spencer reinhard - this be my word and this be my story . CUT to a shot of a clock - the kind you might find in a public library - slow creep in - the second hand ticking softly int . bathroom - day paraphernalia strewn around a sink - tweezers , glue , makeup , a pair of glass , a fake beard , a prosthetic nose - we hear cut and short clump of hair fall into the sink . a blue contact lens cover up a brown iris . we pick up detail of a intricate process progress in silence . int . real principal 's office , school . day interview setup with the real principal of lexington catholic high speak just off -camera . real principal this be good kid , good student from good family . it be a truly shocking moment when we find out . I feel certain there would be a mix - up - they play on the soccer team . Hell , I would have have ‘em babysit my grandson . int . bedroom - day a man be pack a duffle bag - edgy - we see what look like a pair of leather glove go in - then zip tie , a tazer , a rubber mask with the face of George Bush - the bag be zipped shut . int . spencer' parent 's home , interview setup - day Spencer 's real parent be sit together on the sofa - hold hand . this be not a subject they be happy talk about . interviewer ( o.s ) can you explain what it be that you feel concerned about ? real spencer' dad my concern be that you will sensationalize this story - that you will make light of it - you will fictionalize it for entertainment purpose . it will bring the whole thing back up again . you have to understand that this be we son , this be we family . this be not a goddam movie for we . Mrs reinhard put she hand on he . int . garage - day Close on furtive hand with a power screwdriver remove car license plate and replace they with other . closer on the clock - second ticking int . bathroom - day the disguise process be advance - we snatch detail of two old man stand in front of a mirror dress formally - one be die he eyebrow grey whilst the other apply glue to he nose . he be sweat . back to : int . spencer' parent 's home , interview setup - day real spencer' mom have you any idea what it 's like to discover that the person you raise be not who you think they be ? she well up . int . v.o. booth . day Spencer be look into camera - he be softly but strikingly light and as he speak the soundproof wall of the booth slowly fall into darkness leave he almost spotlit in the centre . caption : the real spencer reinhard real spencer if you ask I would I do it all over again - I would say no . no , I would not - not because I regret do what we do - but to save my family from the pain I cause they ... int . bathroom mirror - day Close on one of the man we catch snatch of previously - he look up straight into the camera / mirror . this be actor spencer - young , handsome and wear the expression of a man on a cliff edge . from out of shot he raise a prosthetic nose to he face . real spencer ( v.o. ) ... the pain we all cause everyone . int . hallway / live room - day a fourth man with a bald head be pace back and forth jangling a set of car key in he right hand - he check he watch , he hand be shaking - he look in the hall mirror and straighten he tie , breathes in , close he eye for a breath before briskly open the front door and walk out . int . bedroom - day kubrick 's the killing play on a old tv . the man with the duffle bag be now sit beside it on the end of a neatly make bed - wait / fidget . he be wear sunglass and a ill - fitting suit that look like it belong to another time and another person . he check he watch , shift uncomfortably . int . bathroom - day actor Spencer and actor Warren both unconvincingly disguise as old man assess themselves one last time and then each other . they be sweat , not a word be speak between they . they leave the bathroom for a bedroom where two sport jacket be laid out on the bed - one brown , one yellow . they put they on in silence , one put on sunglass , they turn to face each other make eye contact for the first time . actor warren ready ? actor spencer in body . even closer in on the clock - tick get louder int . bedroom - day the man with the duffle bag check he watch , pull out a cross hang from a silver necklace around he neck , kiss it , put it back , grab the bag , hit the off button on the tv and stand to walk out . 16 int . van - day silence in the van . White knuckle . excruciatingly slow drive through a residential area - speed hump . ahead through the windscreen we see the man with the duffle bag wait at the side of the road . the van pull along side he - he try to open the slide rear door but it 's lock . actor eric ( from outside ) unlock the fuck door he get in the back actor eric ( cont ’d ) how be you bitch feel this fine morning ? I shit you not I have be to the bathroom at least eight time . actor chas ( drive ) just focus man . actor eric just try to lighten the mood motherfuckas . they sit in tense silence . the camera pick out each of they . real eric ( v.o. ) " good grade - good home , decent average boy , from decent average family " - that 's what they say and they be right . part way through we cut to : int . real eric interview setup 16 real eric who know , maybe that be a factor . int . van - day hard in on the over-revve of the van engine - high tension aboard - they pull into the University campus . actor chas you have get to be fuck kid I . actor warren what ? actor chas I think you say the parking lot be go to be vacant ! actor warren this time last week it be empty - maybe it 's because of exam . calm down - park in disabled . actor chas be you fuck retarded ? do you want to get catch ? actor warren you can move the van while we be inside when a space come free . actor chas and what if one do not ? actor warren then fuck circle - come on ! we be lose time - it 's 12:26 - just pull in to disabled . ( turn to the two in the back ) dude get you shit together . actor eric ( notice Warren 's face for the first time ) dude , you look fuck ridiculous - they be gonna be terrify before you even get through the door ! actor warren ( raise he voice ) do you think that 's fuck helpful at this moment in time ? int . warren' parent 's home . interview - day the real Mr and Mrs lipka ( warren 's parent ) be sit beside one another on a cream sofa - a significant gap between they . real warren 's dad ... Warren never have trouble make friend that 's for sure . interviewer do you think he home environment be a factor at all in what happen ? real warren 's mom listen , it be not ideal for anyone but Warren be not a child . if you be suggest it be the cause of what happen well I be not prepare to accept that . closer still on the clock - 12:28 I /e. van - day the three man step out of the van and gather beside it . actor spencer fuck , we be mile away . actor warren ( to Eric ) you get the thing ? actor eric yes I have get the thing . actor warren just stick to the plan . ok ? let 's do this . as they turn to go we follow they around the side of the van and track behind they to reveal that they be head toward a impose mock - colonial building on the other side of a open quad which be clearly part of a school campus . we follow they across the quad toward the step - it 's a strange moment - we feel the rush of blood pump in we ear , off -speed , noise be distort , everything a little off - a feel of dissociation . student look straight at they / we aware that they be out of place . we track up the step to the door of the library - flash of the open image - sunlight through tree , pass through suburban lexington - snippet of home video of kid blow out birthday candle , a child 's painting be paint , etc . real spencer ( v.o. ) I feel like we be all sell a picture of what we life be suppose to look like - you see it every day on tv ... camera pull focus from the boy to a pass bus emblazon with a ad for a fertility clinic feature a grin family . real spencer ( v.o. ) -.. sometimes it even look familiar ... part way through we cut to : int . spencer interview setup - day real spencer ( down the lens ) ..- but what if that 's not exactly the version you have in mind ? ( a tick noise building louder and louder ) . push v close in now on the clock - the minute hand hit 12:30 - bang - we whip -pan to the front door which open noisily onto a smash of bright sunlight from where Warren , Spencer and Eric enter and stop still . they Pov - a large well appoint library sparsely - fill with student and some staff - some turn or raise they head to look at camera . Close on the boy stare straight ahead - breathe heavily , sweat , Eric 's sideburn beginning to peel away at the side . as Warren ( centre ) take a step forward purposefully we freeze and ... title : american animal ext . space - day a image of part of the Earth turn slowly in Space . we be in orbit - nothing but the sound of space and the faint crackle of a distant radio as it pick up bit of signal in different language - finally alight on a american voice broadcasting from far away on earth . caption over : JUNE 2003 image of anytown , USA - we slowly move from macro to micro - shot of life be quietly live - we happen upon a high school - a american flag flutter in the breeze , the tinny voice we hear from space slowly come nearer over a tannoy until finally : ext . function lawn , lexington catholic high - day principal ( 0.s. ) «»+ . so you see we work here be do . along with you devote parent we have do just about all we can to prepare you for this next step - perhaps the most exciting of you life ... the camera dolly across row of white , wealthy parent and chubby young sibling dress for graduation day . the principal speak from the podium . principal ( cont ’d ) ... what await you be a world of opportunity as you graduate from school to college and , in turn , from childhood to adulthood and ... as the camera dolly across the graduate in they gowns and mortarboard real eric ( v.o. ) wait , hold it there . the camera stop move real eric ( v.o. ) back up a bit ... camera back up a couple of face real eric ( v.o. ) there ... that 's I in 2003 . actually , that 's a actor play I . he 's probably better look ... CUT to : int . real eric interview setup real eric ( in vision ) ... see what I mean ? this I , my name be Eric Alexander borsuk . this be my word and this be my story . caption : the real eric borsuk ext . function lawn , lexington catholic high principal .-- and let I tell you , with that transition come a degree of responsibility . with the privilege of education come great choice .. real eric ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) I want to believe what they say . that the future hold adventure , opportunity , fulfilment ... over Eric 's v.o. we see a montage of time cut - student go up to receive they graduation scroll on the podium - a montage of wonderfully cringey performance from various graduate - accapella girl , the God squad do a strange tambouriney number , the kind of red-face kid who never say a word in class belt out a excerpt from La traviatta , parent applaud , ... int . real eric interview setup real eric ( in vision ) my life revolve around soccer , chase girl I could not fuck and go to the mall to buy shit I do not need to be more like people I do not even like ... more scroll , more cheer , more parent actor eric ( v.o . ) all I could see be a conveyor belt lead in one direction - 10 we see shot of applaud parent puffy with botox , grin like lemming . real eric ( v.o. ) to be like they , to look like they , to work like they , to breed like they , to shop like they - to be . just. like . they . principal Eric Alexander borsuk ! the crowd cheer as actor eric stand up , smile and walk toward the podium . voice ( 0.s. ) Eric be always rather negative - a gloomy child ... int . eric 's parent 's home - day Eric 's real parent sit side by side on the sofa . real eric 's dad - not talkative exactly . real eric 's mum he be a very bright boy . I always feel he be perhaps too intelligent . he get bored easily . real eric 's dad he could be destructive . ext . function lawn , lexington catholic high as Eric walk down from the podium he speak to camera the word of real eric : actor eric I be not entirely sure why we feel the need to destroy everything ... int . real eric interview setup - day real eric .-- but maybe it seem simpler to destroy than to create something new ... ( look to interviewer off camera ) that sound like bullshit do not it ? ( laugh ) ext . function lawn , lexington catholic high - day principal Warren lipka 11 a big cheer as Warren , a tall , handsome and clearly popular character bound up the step and instead of take the scroll he bear-hug the principal - lift he clear off the ground to the delight of the crowd and the dismay of one or two parent . real eric ( v.o . ) that 's Warren - he really do do that . that 's just what he be like , he be one of that guy who be just fun to be around - never take life too seriously - definitely never take authority too seriously . int . warren interview setup we see what feel like a out - take of real warren in interview laugh as he show off a ( real ) tattoo he have recently have do on he upper leave arm show a tyrannosaurus rex struggle to turn off a ceiling fan . real warren you see he 's get this tiny arm and he just can not quite reach up ... ( laugh , look to camera ) pretty funny huh ? caption : the real warren lipka int . real spencer interview set up real spencer Warren be pretty much the last kid in school you mom ever want you to be friend with . he be my best friend since the age of about seven . int . real eric interview setup real eric I would say Warren and I be best friend from the age of about twelve or thirteen . int . eric 's parent 's home - interview setup real eric 's dad ( unamuse ) a bad egg . we think he be a bad egg . ext . function lawn , lexington catholic high Warren put the principal down and victoriously salute the crowd to huge cheer . 12 int . real warren interview set up real warren my name be Warren Christopher lipka . people have say I be the ringleader . that be not true . I be not . there be no ringleader . ext . function lawn , lexington catholic high - day Warren high - fives everyone he pass en route back to he seat . principal Charles Allen ! we whip round to see a handsome , jockish look young man make he way to the podium . polite applause . real eric ( v.o. ) that 's chas . we will come back to he later . int . spencer interview setup real spencer I would rather not talk about chas if that 's alright . int . warren interview setup real warren I do not see why we even need to bring he into this ? ext . function lawn , lexington catholic high - day Parents and student be assemble on the lawn chat post ceremony , pose for photo - cap be throw in the air , etc . we / the camera drift through the crowd . occasional parent and student address the camera as it pass through : random dad Eric , Ben tell I you be head to UK as a Business major - you know that 's the very same degree I do about a lifetime ago ... real spencer ( v.o. ) so there we all be queuing up for the next phase , no idea what we want to do but privileged enough not to have to care ... CUT to : 13 int . real spencer interview setup real spencer .-.- the main thing be - it be all go to be new . int . sigma alpha epsilon fraternity house - night caption : october 2003 a group of about 25 new recruit shuffle along the floor on they knee one behind the other among they Warren and Eric - some wear dreadlock wig , other have boot polish on they face , a couple have they trousers round they ankle . stand beside they be the active ( senior frat boy ) station every couple of meter . new pledger ( sing in unison ) jump down , turn around pick a bale cotton . jump down turn around pick a bale a day . '' lead active louder niggers ! I can not hear you ! new pledger I be gonna get on my knee and pick a bale a cotton , get on my knee and pick a bale a day ... the new pledge shuffle along sing until the lead active blast a claxon at which point they stop and be force to turn to the active who surround they with hose pipe protrude from they zipper like cock connect to beer funnel that they hold above they head . the recruit nearest the active have to suck on the hose pipe until the beer be drain from the funnel - the last to finish ( actor eric ) be then make to step out of the line , drop he trousers and perform a deeply humiliate action while the sing continue . real eric ( v.o. ) why do I volunteer for ritual humiliation ? ( laugh ) because it 's what I be program to do . we pledge fraternity and study mbas , it 's how we get access to the club and if you be already in the club , well I guess it 's how you stay in the club . 14 int . real eric interview setup real eric I be not sure I ever consider there might be a alternative . Spencer , to he credit , be a little different - he have other idea . int . spencer' bedroom - day Black and white high contrast - top shot , actor spencer in a vest lie on he bed with one arm behind he head - Jean Paul belmondo . he gaze at the ceiling and release a plume of smoke from he mouth that engulf the camera . yves montand crackle on a record player in the background . Spencer sit up - we see he be wear paint-spatter overall . he walk over to where a canvas stand on a easel - we see the back of it . he stare at it and smoke . his Pov to reveal that he be most of the way through a impressive pointillist rendering of a strip mall . he take another drag , assess it for a beat before pick up a jar of filthy paint water and throw the content in disgust ( with both himself and he work ) at the painting / camera . prelap Spencer 's v.o : real spencer ( v.o. ) ok , so that 's maybe a slight exaggeration - like , for instance I never smoke ... actor spencer respond by flick he cigarette out of shot . real spencer .»+. and I hate that fuck french music . needle skip and CUT to : int . real spencer interview setup real spencer ..- but the truth be I be really fuck good at art - well , depend on you definition of art - I be really fuck good at draw . we see a series of shot of Spencer finish then sabotage , painting over , kick , punch , stabbing various brilliant but rather cheesy portrait and landscape . real spencer ( cont ’d ) what do I have to complain about ?... int . reinhard family home , dinner table - night Spencer , he parent ( conventional ) , older brother ( bookish ) and young sister ( sharp ) sit around a cosy dinner table eat a unadventurous meal . 15 real spencer ( v.o. ) ... the most traumatic thing that have ever happen to I be have a retainer fitte . actor mr. reinhard ( mid conversation ) ... well perhaps she be embarrassed to the point of almost paralysis . actor spencer ( incredulous ) so wait a minute - she let she husband practically die of a heart attack because she do not want to disrupt the concert ? mrs . reinhard well maybe she do not realise quite how serious it be at first . actor spencer ( animated ) the guy be on the floor flap around like a fish gasp for air and she 's worry that people might be annoyed if she make a scene ? - fuck I ! mr reinhard hey now ! cool it . not everyone have you presence of mind Spencer . actor spencer apathy ! total frick apathy . the guy die of a heart attack while the rest of we die slowly of apathy ! mrs . reinhard I say cool it . spencer 's sister maybe she never like he all that much . the kid laugh spencer 's brother maybe she just really want to hear the end of the concert . they all laugh real spencer ( v.o. ) I read about the great artist - magritte , Van gogh , Picasso , gauguin , dali - they all have issue ... Archive of eccentric artist and they work - still and move picture in black and white , a snippet of un Chien andalou by bunuel and dali . 16 real spencer ( v.o. ) they have something to talk about , they have see and do shit , they have suffer ... int . spencer interview setup ... what the fuck would I have to say to any of they if I meet they in a parisian salon ? - I once get some steak stick in my retainer for like a day and a half ? ext . lexington residential STREET - day we be tracking back - pull actor Spencer ( wear retainer ) down a street like the one we see earlier as he walk home from school . real spencer ( v.o . ) I have never really tell anyone this before but I use to almost wish for something terrible to happen . as he round the corner he stop in he track . his Pov - he house engulf in fire . his mother , hysterical , be restrain by a firefighter , scream : '' my husband 's still inside '' . int . spencer 's bedroom - night Pov shot - he father sit on the end of he bed look into camera . mr reinhard sweetheart , Mom 's have some test ... int . hospital - day a kindly surgeon bend over we to talk into camera : surgeon Spencer , I be afraid it look like we be go to have to amputate . int . spencer interview setup slowly tracking in on he eye 17 real spencer when do you last read a book or watch a movie where the main character be just a nice guy from a nice family who grow up in a nice house and be have a nice fuck life ? I will bet this be the first one be not it ? now close on Spencer 's eye 's - slowly pull back voice ( 0.s. ) at the point at which he begin to lose he hearing and to a certain extent he sight , he begin to suffer debilite nightmare ... pull back to reveal : int . transylvania university , art history classroom - day in the darken classroom actor spencer appear to be pretty much the only male among a sea of unartistic look girl who be pay little attention - some pour over a magazine , other texting ... art history teacher and it be this nightmare that would form the basis of what become know as the caprichos ... the over-head projector beam goya 's disturbing etching onto the whiteboard . real spencer ( v.o. ) I choose transylvania University ... appeal brochure shot of the University . .+.a liberal art college down the road from where I grow up where , if you be rich and white and want to go to college but have little talent and less of a idea what to do with you life , then a degree in art be as good a way as any to pass the time . actor spencer genuinely transfix - we hear muffle whisper from behind - slight irritation on spencer 's face who then turn to give the evil to a couple of girl pour over a magazine and argue in a loud whisper over so and so 's choice of heel . one of they ( the hot one ) get the wrong message and give he a coy smile - which he find himself return . art history teacher .- he describe this work as depict the failing of a society beset by ignorance , vanity and self-interest ... 18 exchange another look with the cute girl . int . transy university , art history classroom art history teacher now that of you who have not already do so need to attend the Library induction tour . if you do not know it , it 's the big building with book inside . this be where all the text we will be work from live - unless you have a private collection you will need to spend time there at some point . see you all next week - be careful out there . ext . transy university , MAIN build - step student exite class . Spencer on he own aware that the hot girl and friend be right behind he . he turn awkwardly : actor spencer hey have you guy do the library tour ? hot girl not yet , can you just go along any time ? actor spencer no , I think the last one be like tomorrow at 9 . hot girl be you gonna go ? actor spencer yeah I think so . maybe see you there ? hot girl sure . actor spencer cool . a awkward beat - as if they have arrange to go on a date - to a library - at 9 in the morning . hot girl cool . int . unknown location - day hard to make out - a stark colorless room and a top shot of some hand , a blank piece of paper and a intricate process that involve a small section of vivid colour painstakingly cut from a magazine page and then the pigment transfer to the blank paper use glue and precision . 19 ext . university of kentucky , quad - night rain . a much smaller group of pledge include Warren and Eric stand in a line in various state of drunken undress as they be bark question at before be force to remove item of clothing and do push-up . real spencer ( v.o. ) across town , at the University of kentucky , Warren and Eric be experience the joy of freshman year . drunk pledge .-- and whose self control be equal to all emergency ; who do not make the poor man conscious of he poverty , the obscure man of he obscurity .... he corpse senior frat boy shirt off and shine shoe shit-shine boy . the drunk pledge remove he top , crouch down and use it to buff the shoe of one of the active stand behind the senior frat boy senior frat boy ( cont ’d ) Mr lipka - you be only a small step away from become a member of sigma epsilon phi - the true gentleman if you will ? actor warren you want I to continue or go from the top ? senior frat boy incorrect . shoe off and give I 50 ( to Eric ) Mr borsuk - or should that be cocksuck ? the true gentleman . actor warren remove he shoe and start do push-up . we push in slowly on Eric 's face as he attempt the pledge : actor eric who do not make the poor man conscious of he poverty , the obscure man of he obscurity or any man of he inferiority or deformity ; who be himself humble if necessity compel he to humble another ; who do not flatter wealth , cringe before power , or boast of he own possession or ... ( beat ) possession or ... senior frat boy the caterpillar cocksuck . shirt off and do the caterpillar . 20 Eric reluctantly remove he shirt revealing a tubby midriff - this be not something he 's comfortable with . senior frat boy ( cont ’d ) this year please cocksuk . Eric attempt a unimpressive breakdance move across the rainy quad . Close angle on Eric caterpillare weakly toward camera . real eric ( v.o. ) I would say it be around this time that it start to hit I ... he stop still - drench , out of breath , half naked , lie on the wet tarmac look into camera : actor eric ... this be bullshit . Eric stand up and walk purposefully toward we - away from the frat boy in the b/g who laugh shouting ' quitter 's and threat of banishment . frat boy ( shout after he ) leave now cocksuck and we will fuck you shit up in way you can not imagine . Warren , on the wet ground mid-pushup , watch he go . prelap : voice ( 0.s. ) .-- all I be say be be part of that can have significant benefit down the line , for you career , for you social life ... close on a family portrait - the airbrush kind you have take by a '' professional '' at a mall - two smile parent , two smile brother and a dog . we be in Warren 's parent 's unimaginatively decorate home . the camera move across a wall of frame photograph - take we backwards through time end up on a angelic photo of a eight year old Warren as altar boy . we find Warren and Spencer ( red -ey and baked ) eat dinner with Warren 's father , actor mr lipka , a heavy - set university soccer coach and one time local hero . actor mr. lipka .-- I can tell you it never do I any harm , some of my best buddy come from that day - talk about the like of Jeff and Dan , Warren . actor warren mm-hm 21 actor mr . lipka how bout you Spencer , you do ok over there ? you keep you game up ? actor spencer m-hm - pretty good thanks Mr lipka - kind of try to take the whole art thing seriously . actor mr. lipka yeah , well , someone 's get to ( laugh ) - but be sure to keep the blood pump son .. Warren 's mother actor mrs . lipka ( cold , attractive ) enter and stand at the kitchen door smoking . actor mrs . lipka ( to her husband ) I need to speak with you . actor mr . lipka ( not looking round but getting up ) ' scuse I fella he go into the kitchen pass he wife without look at she , she turn to follow he . actor warren first thing she 's say to he in day . ( prodding he food ) I think this potato might be raw . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer I think it 's fair to say if none of we have ever meet Warren , we life would probably have turn out pretty differently . int . lipka family home - dine room - night ( cont . ) actor warren I have be think we should take acid . actor spencer anything would be a improvement on this potato . actor warren funny guy . no , seriously , I think it could be a very positive experience -— especially for you art . Warren 's mother re-enter the room flushed and fuck -off . she stand in the doorway . 22 actor mrs . lipka I be divorce you father . freeze picture . pre-lap Warren 's interview . real warren ( v.o. ) seem far fetch do not it ? int . real warren interview set up real warren .-- but that 's exactly how it happen . int . real spencer interview setup real spencer ( recalling the moment ) I honestly do not know what to say - other than : int . lipka family home - dine room actor spencer um , I think I should probably go ... thanks , thanks for dinner . int . real warren interview set up real warren I wonder if she be ever really in love with he . it be not just the debt and the gambling - it be he total mismanagement of pretty much everything - I think he just really want we to have everything everyone else 's kid have ... we see real illustrative photo from Warren 's family album . real warren ( cont ’d ) .-.ski trip and trip to Florida and new furniture and all that . and Mom would be like - int . lipka family home - kitchen - flashback mid argument - Mrs lipka brandish a bank statement . actor mrs . lipka ( lip - syncing warren be v.0 ) '' why do you do this ? '' 23 int . real warren interview set up real warren and dad would be like - int . lipka family home - kitchen - flashback actor mr . lipka because I want everybody to have good time ! int . real warren interview set up real warren reflect , say nothing . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer if Warren be upset about it , he be not the kind of guy to ever let you see it . ext . soccer field - day montage of Warren at he charismatic best - party , act up , dance outrageously with a girl ( megan ) , be the life and soul of the party , hit bong , perform dangerous stunt , a self - destructive edge .. int . real spencer interview set up real spencer he start bombing out - go to training have not be to bed from the night before . int . university of kentucky coach 's office - interview / vox pop setup soccer coach give who he father be , I would describe what happen as , er , as a huge waste of potential . there 's kid who would give they right arm for a opportunity like that . I think that 's inexcusable . ext . university of kentucky , quad - night back to the shot of Warren do push up in the rain as Eric storm off in a huff . rain pour down he face - time slow almost to a stop - slo - mo become super slo - mo and then slower still . 24 real warren ( v.o. ) now there 's obviously a lot more to it than this but you get the basic picture right ? it 's more or less where we be at this point // ( now in vision , look off screen ) - what be we , like 20 minute into the movie ? int . transy university library - day Spencer and the two girl we see earlier be at the back of a library induction tour of about twelve student . in front of they be betty jean gooch ( BJ ) - the thin one of the mean aunt in James and the giant peach - mid-60s , regulation spectacle , conservatively dress , intelligent and compose . BJ ( business - like ) humanity , Arts and English literature be all along the back leave wall of the first floor ... freeze picture on BJ . real spencer ( v.o. ) actually if we be try to be accurate , Betty - Jean be not half as mean look as this . the picture rewind and the scene start over - this time a much softer look actress play BJ . BJ ( warmly ) humanity , Arts and English literature be all along the back leave wall of the first floor ... what be become a rather long and torturous tour - Spencer make eye at the hot girl , fidget until : BJ ( cont 'd ) through this door life what we call the special Collection Museum - you will all be allow inside today but if you wish to view work from the collection in future you will require a appointment and you will be accompany by member of library staff . int . transy university library - special collection museum room — day Inside there be cabinet behind which some very old and very valuable book be on display . at the far end of the room a older gentleman be be show a rare book by a librarian wear white glove . 25 bo ( put on a pair of white glove ) many of the book have be in this library for over a century , many have be loan or donate and we be proud to be home to some of the rarest edition in the United States . ( to Spencer , hand he a pair of glove ) would you care to pop this on and assist I with the page ? actor spencer so long as we be not do any cavity search . BJ ignore this , she escort they to a table where a huge book be open under a low watt tungsten lamp . BJ what you see here be a second edition of John James audubon 's bird of America . in around 1820 at the age of 35 , audubon set out to illustrate every single bird in America ... BJ be in she element , there 's a sparkle in she eye and we also begin to see the beauty of what the book contain - this be not lose on Spencer . BJ ( to spencer ) ( cont 'd ) it may surprise you to learn that despite the exceptional quality of the work , audubon be unable to find a single interested publisher in the United States and be force to travel to England to find financial back to finish the project . the picture be genuinely astonish - vibrant and powerful - they fill the frame one after another . BJ ( cont 'd ) you may not consider it art in the conventional sense but I think it 's hard to argue that this be not a work of art of the high form . she seem to be direct this at Spencer or so he feel . BJ ( cont 'd ) this be in fact one of two copy the library have hold , the other copy be sell last month at auction for six million dollar and I can tell you that be a less fine example than the one in front of you now . and this be not even the most valuable book in we collection . murmur among the group . Spencer look up amaze . 26 int . real spencer interview setup - day real spencer I do not think I tell Warren about it immediately . int . real warren interview setup real warren I be pretty sure he tell I about it when we be at we friend Rich 's party . I do remember be cold . ext . rich 's garden - house party - night Spencer and Warren be smoking a joint in the garden of a thumping house party . intergalactic by the beastie boy play in the background . actor warren fuck , hurry up I be freezing actor spencer Love this track - do you see the video ? Fucking hilarious . actor warren dude , there be no hot girl here - do you ever see that girl from you art -— history class ? actor spencer I see she . I do not see she . but i’1l tell you what I do do the other day - I hold something in my hand worth six million dollar . I bet you can not guess what it be ? int . real spencer interview set up - day real spencer I tell he about it in the car - we be drive around smoking and look for munchy . it be November I think . int . spencer 's acura legend - night Warren drive , Spencer smoke - intergalactic play on the stereo . they breath condense . actor warren ( fiddling with the a/c ) fuck , I be freezing , what 's with you heating ? int . real 27 actor spencer Love this track - do you see the video ? Fucking hilarious . actor warren ( stoned ) no , but do you see the beyonce video where she 's wear the sparkly thing with the .. she 's basically wear like diamond and nothing else . it 's almost like she 's wear nothing but light ? actor spencer do you say light or life ? actor warren Light , like point of light . but it 's make up of diamond . actor spencer no , but check this out - I hold something in my hand worth six million dollar the other day . I bet you can not guess what it be ? actor warren be it beyonce 's diamond - encrust vagina ? spencer interview set up - day real spencer I probably do know that he would be intrigue - I do not think I could have guess where it might lead . ( beat ) or maybe I know that all along . ext . rich 's garden - house party - night actor warren a book ?! in what world could a book be worth six million dollar ? we continue to intercut between the two memory of the same conversation hold in different location - shot to match cut . int . spencer' acura legend - night actor spencer that 's not even the most valuable thing they have get in there . there 's a first edition Origin of species worth more . 28 ext . rich 's garden - house party - night actor warren fuck , if I have six million dollar pretty sure I would not spend it on a book . int . spencer 's acura legend - night actor spencer actually it 's more like a work of art than a book . ( beat ) it 's incredibly beautiful . they sit in silence in the car for a while - out of the front window snow have begin to fall - a country road stretch into darkness - the sound of the windshield wiper . it 's hard to see far ahead . after a while Warren blurt : actor warren it 's in the Library ? when you say it 's in the library , it 's not on a shelf obviously ? we keep cut to the view out of the front window which put we increasingly on edge - as if something 's about to come fly out of the snowy darkness - this be make considerably worse when Warren take he eye of the road , repeatedly turn to talk to Spencer . actor spencer of course it 's not on a shelf - it 's in the special collection museum . actor warren ( fascinated ) be that like a vault ? actor spencer not really , it 's kind of like a separate section with case and stuff . actor warren and it 's get guard on the door and shit ? a gas station appear ahead - they pull in . actor spencer no , but obviously you can not just walk in there . actor warren because there 's security everywhere ? Spencer get out of the car . actor spencer no , because you have to make a appointment . 29 he shut the door . Inside the car we find real warren now sit in the driver seat - as he talk to camera the background slowly disappear . real warren if this be how Spencer remember it I be not go to argue . I just remember it seem incredible to I . all that money sit they in the form of a book ! in the form of a adventure - and almost nothing stand in the way of someone just up and take it . int . unknown location - day the same shot as earlier of the hand , the paper and the pigment - the image on the paper , make up of numerous small smudge of colour be slowly grow . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer it do not surprise I that he do not let it go - that 's Warren . we be experiment with hallucinogenic drug at the time so that probably do not help we grasp of reality . ext . wood - autumn - day a shot of a fungus at the foot of a tree . a shot of Warren stare down at it . Spencer be on the ground behind he stare at the sky . actor warren I keep expect to see like one of that timelapse sequence you get on natural history show . actor spencer you will if you stand there long enough . actor warren spore man . amazing . actor spencer you ever wonder if we have a say in anything that happen ? you ever wonder how come you end up be bear you and not someone else ? I mean how do any of that get decide ? you think it 's just a lottery ? like why be we we and not like goatherd in India or some place ? you ever think about that ? 30 actor warren sometimes . actor spencer you ever feel like you be just wait for something to happen ? you be suppose to be do something , you do not know what it be but it 's the thing that 's go to make you life important in some way ? Spencer 's Pov from the forest floor - tree reach up to the sky , autumn leave gently fall toward we . actor warren I think if you do not make it happen , it probably never will . actor spencer and you think commit a crime would be one way of achieve that ? actor warren I be not say it 's the only way but yeah , it probably be one way . at least you would be remember . actor spencer well end up in prison would certainly be different - not sure that 's what I have in mind . actor warren what about end up on a fuck boat in the Caribbean like at the end of shawshank redemption ? actor spencer that 's the movie dude . I be not sure that 's how it happen in real life . the bad guy do not get to ride off into the sunset with the loot . actor warren how be we the bad guy ? actor spencer well we would be the robber . actor warren be not you just curious to find out ? actor spencer find out what ? actor warren find out what would happen in real life . 31 int . real spencer interview set up real spencer we honestly think we be the first people on earth to have this conversation . like stone teenager have not be talk this same shit for century . I enjoy it though - that 's really all it be for I , a beautiful daydream . CUT to close on the clock we see at the beginning . int . transy university library - day we find Spencer sit work in the main Library read room - opposite he sit Warren make a flimsy attempt to appear like he 's study . he be in fact make furtive note in a moleskine notebook . actor warren ( whispering ) we should probably be come here in disguise . there be cctv camera at my 9 o'clock , 11 o'clock at 2 o'clock . actor spencer what the fuck be you talk about ? actor warren that if we be go to do this properly we should probably come in disguise so if they review the tape they will not spot we . actor spencer do what properly ? Spot we do what ? sitting and look at book in a library ? highly suspicious . believe it or not this be actually what I be suppose to be do with my time . actor warren ( raise he voice and attract the attention of nearby student ) well I be not suppose to be in here brainbox - this be not even my library . ( beat ) I think I 'il get a wig . actor spencer if you chill out and act normal no one need notice you . actor warren we need to get the blueprint to this place . actor spencer why ? be you plan a escape through the heating duct ? int . real int . real 32 actor warren so we know the layout like the back of we hand ... the exit and entry point , the staff entrance and the fastest way out from any give point in the building . actor spencer it would be easier just to draw the layout from scratch . actor warren now you be talk my artistic little friend - you can be in here do it and no one need suspect anything . first we figure out the layout then we establish the exact time of the coming and going of every fucker who work here . warren interview set up real warren ( respond to a question ) I be deadly serious . I plan to investigate it until something come up that render the whole thing a physical impossibility . spencer interview set up real spencer neither of we be serious but we be enjoy the fantasy of it . talk about it , have a secret that set we apart from everyone else . they be so deep in they workout regime and xbox , they have no fuck idea . int . warren 's bedroom - night Warren and Spencer sit smoking weed and watch Ocean 's 11 . the scene where George clooney talk through the detail of the casino heist to he team . we see clooney , we see the cuttaway of Matt damon , casey afflek , etc - and also cuttaway of Warren and Spencer watch - as if they too be in the same room - all part of the same gang . as clooney describe the high - tech layout , instead of image of the casino vault , etc . we see image of the transy Library , the special collection section , etc . we watch as Warren in particular sink deeper into the fantasy . danny ocean .-.- through this door , each of which require a different six-digit code change every twelve hour . past that lie the elevator , and this be where it get tricky : the ( more ) 33 danny ocean ( cont 'd ) the elevator be rig with motion detector - once we have get down the shaft , though , then it 's a walk in the park : just three more guard with uzis and predilection toward not be rob , and the most elaborate vault door conceive by man . any question ? int . warren interview setup real warren well there be not exactly book on how to conduct a heist so yeah , we start watch movie to get some idea . i/e . warren be car , transy campus - day Shots of Warren drive and cycle past the University Library in a variety of guise . real spencer ( v.o. ) he take to drive and cycle past by the campus - watch the coming and going , timing the patrol cycle of the public safety officer . int . transy university library - day Spencer be sit in the library - pretend to study but be actually draw the layout of the building on individual piece of a4 paper . real spencer ( v.o. ) I start make blueprint of the Library - the position of security camera , alarm , entry and exit point . i/e. diner , transy campus - day Warren , wear a wig , be sit in the window of a diner some distance from the library note down the coming and going of staff - insert - ' 12.10 be skinny librarian leave for lunch 's . real spencer ( v.o. ) we take turn note down the arrival and departure time of the staff . 34 int . warren 's bedroom - night slow push in - Warren be add image , index card and drawing to a elaborate picture - wall he be create relate the library plot . in the very centre be a image of one of audubon ' 's beautiful sleep bird . ext . dorm block roof - transy campus - day Warren in a overcoat with binocular stake out on the dorm roof overlook the library . int . transy library , special collection section - day Spencer , supervise by Betty - Jean pour over the audubon , furtively check the ceiling for camera and sensor . int . university of kentucky , computer room - day Warren sit at a PC , he look around to ensure no one can see the screen - which show the sotheby 's website detail the recent sale of John James audubon 's bird of America for $ 7.3m . he react and check again that no one can see what he 's look at . int . warren 's bedroom - night Warren watch as Spencer lay out about 18 a4 sheet of paper onto a trestle table - the page show what look like architectural line drawing - Spencer move they around like a puzzle until they form one large seamless blueprint of the entire library . he look up at Warren and smile . int . real reinhard home , interview setup - day Spencer 's parent sit beside each other as before . real spencer' dad Spencer have a prodigious talent for draw - I guess you do not often find that in a top athlete . real spencer' mom I think perhaps he feel he do not really fit in - or people do not understand that side of he . real spencer' dad he once say that he teammate think that because he be interested in painting he must be gay . 99 we hear the sound of cicadas ... 99 35 the sound of cicadas build as we see a series of shot of both Spencer and Warren separately go about student life . in lecture , in soccer training , Spencer eat dinner at a long table full of student but remove , uninvolved in the conversation , Warren sit eat in silence with he father in a McDonalds ... we land on spencer' dorm room - Art and weed paraphernalia strewn around , a oil painting with a fist hole through it , a homemade sign '' under the pavement lie the beach '' - Spencer in pyjamas lie awake in bed stare at the ceiling . real spencer ( v.o. ) before long , it be just about all we talk about ... he sit up , listen , - fuck cicadas . look across at he room - mate who snore soundly . he pull on a dress gown and leave the room . real spencer ( v.o. ) ... all we think about . ext . dorm block , transy campus - continuous - night a blue-black star-filled sky . cicadas almost scream . Spencer walk out of the back door barefoot and stand in front of a large clear sparsely populate with small tree . he wait a beat then : actor spencer ( scream ) shut the fuck up ! the cicadas stop instantly . the silence be just as deafen . Spencer be surprised . real spencer ( v.o. ) for I it be a secret that set I apart from everyone else , for Warren it become more like a obsession . I think he girlfriend think he be cheating on she . int . campus diner , university of kentucky - evening Warren be sit opposite megan who be conventionally pretty , wholesome look and irritate . megan what I be say be you have be act fuck weird and you seem to have less and less time to spend together ... as megan talk Warren 's interview bleed under 36 real warren ( v.o. ) ( sigh ) aghh , man do we have to talk about this ? well for one thing she be cuter that this actress . megan react to this by angrily address actor Warren sit opposite she : megan I be sorry , what ?! Warren be distract - not really listen . actor warren I do not say anything . megan why be you be such a jerk ? actor warren what do you want from I megan - my folk be divorce , I have training from 6 be five day a week and if I do not get my grade I lose my scholarship . megan oh , ok , and I be just sit by the phone with no other life ... Warren take out a pair of sunglass and put they on . megan ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? real warren ( v.0o . I think when you be that young you just take it for grant that plenty of girl be go to be that funny and beautiful and cool - and you do not have the faintest fuck clue how lucky you be . megan and when we be together you seem completely disinterested - so if there 's someone else I would rather you just come out and say so because you be not the only one with better thing to do . Warren have take to suck on the straw of he empty milkshake which be make a loud slurping sound . real warren ( v.o. ) she would never have understand and we have make a pact not to tell a soul ... 37 int . real warren interview set up - day real warren there be a lot about my future , or potential future , I want to change - megan probably be not one of that thing . ( beat ) ... after everything happen I use to have nightmare about it actually . wake up feel like I would lose something important and would never find it again . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer when Warren split up with megan I know he have go to a whole other place with it . int . campus nightclub - night a snapshot of a trash Warren drugge up and strung out on the dance floor of a nightclub . surrounded by reveler but totally out of sync and alone . bang music fade out very slowly over : int . transy university library - day Shots of the empty library - dust float in the air as it sit in silence . prelap : actor warren ( 0.s. ) there 's a total of nine member of staff include cleaner and administrative staff . the department for public Safety patrol near the library roughly every half hour but never leave the vehicle and never go to the back of the building . int . spencer' acura legend , strip mall parking lot - dusk actor warren Friday be the quietest day in term of least staff and least student - it have to be a Friday . actor spencer suppose we actually do manage to get the book - what do you have in mind to do with they ? 38 actor warren what do you think we be go to do with they ? we be go to sell they to someone dumb enough to spend million of dollar on a stack of old paper and then we be go to go to Bolivia and live on a catamaran . actor spencer and you know such a person ? actor warren as a matter of fact I know a person who might know a person . int . spencer interview setup - day real spencer that come as a surprise to I - the fact that he have already look into how we might sell the book . int . long corridor - day we be tracking down a grimy industrial corridor behind Warren . real spencer ( v.o. ) the truth be we be not entirely squeaky clean . we have be sell fake id to student on both the transy and U.K. campuse . int . liquor store - night we see a quick shot of a spotty freshman gingerly slide a six - pack and a fake id across the counter of a liquor store . back to : int . long corridor - day Warren finally reach a door , do a secret knock and get let into : int . counterfeiter 's workshop - continuous - day Warren walk in and be greet by two pallid post - grad who be busy create fake document in a squalid workshop which clearly double as they apartment . real spencer ( v.o. ) Warren say he talk to one of he counterfeiter contact and ask they : 39 actor warren if a guy have a steal artwork that he need to get rid of , do you have any idea how he might go about do that ? real spencer ( now in vision ) and the guy say to he : scruffy counterfeiter well I know a guy you might be able to talk to but he 's in New York ... back to : int . spencer' acura legend , strip mall parking lot - dusk actor warren .»+- and he only communicate in person or by e-mail . Warren conspiratorially hand Spencer a piece of paper with a e-mail address scrawle on it . actor warren ( cont ’d ) he say we should e-mail ask for a meeting and sign off with the name '' Terry '' . how fuck awesome be that ? Warren look thrilled with this development . int . real warren interview set up - day interviewer why do you choose the name walter beckman ? real warren well I guess walter sound a bit like Warren and beckman because of er , David beckham ? so , er , yeah , um , that 's why . int . internet cafe - night track along a row of computer user at the end of which we find Spencer and Warren huddle over a PC . actor spencer maybe do not say : '' we be about to acquire '' say : '' we have something '' . on the screen we can see a e-mail be compose from a walterbeckman@yahoo.com . we see Warren finish type : dear barry , we have something we believe will be of interest to you and would welcome the opportunity to discuss this with 40 you in person . please advise as to where and when might be convenient to meet . with best wishes , terry . they hit send . int . warren' family home - live room day Close on a television broadcasting a local news bulletin from early 2004 . weatherman ...a number of farmer say they have already bring they horse inside to guard against the rapidly fall temperature . Bill luchenski have more . bill with temperature have already reach unseasonable low it 's set to be a early winter for kentucky farmer and city - dweller alike . I be here with Bob Henderson ... Warren 's mother mrs lipka sit smoking , do needlepoint and absently watch tv . in the background Warren and Spencer appear carry skis and ski boot . actor warren we be head up to four point for the weekend - Matt 's dad have leat he the condo and there 's be a shit - ton of snow . mrs . lipka thank the lord you father buy everyone skis . Warren and Spencer shuffle out clumsily attempt to negotiate the front and screen door whilst keep hold of the skis and boot . real spencer ( v.o. ) we tell everyone we be go ski . Barry have write back to Warren 's fake e- mail address say : CUT to : int . campus diner - night Warren and Spencer sit at a booth . Warren read conspiratorially from a print e-mail . 4l actor warren dear Terry ( Warren grin at Spencer -— loving the John grisham nature of it all ) . thank you for you message , I would be happy ... Warren stop read while a waitress refill they coffee mug , then lean back in - whisper actor warren ( cont ’d ) I would be happy to meet you in person this Sunday at 4 pm by the grey hotdog stand in Bryant Park , Manhattan . please confirm you attendance before 9 pm EST Thursday . please bring $ 500 as a good faith payment . regards , Barry . back to : int . spencer interview setup - night real spencer the fantasy have kind of jump the fence if you know what I mean - beyond we tiny mind and out into the real world . it be a little frightening but also exciting . and I be start to feel better about my shitty little place in the world - I be actually do something . spencer 's acura legend - day the car pass through the city limit - skis strapped to the roof rack . caption : february 2004 int . spencer' acura legend actor spencer I just do not get what a '' good faith '' payment be anyway . we be suppose to give he five hundred buck just for meeting we ? actor warren dude , it 's to show we be serious and not time - waster . actor spencer I would have think drive across the fuck country for twelve hour be a pretty good demonstration of that . 42 actor warren relax , you will get you money back renoir and if we do not fuck this up about ten million more . then what will you do ? be not artist suppose to starve . I guess you could be like that fuckwit who set fire to a million dollar . actor spencer the klf , and it be a million pound - which be like a million and a half dollar . actor warren yeah . what the fuck be that about ? I mean spend it on die kid in Africa but do not just fuck burn it you asshole . actor spencer it be a subversive act against the establishment . actor warren yeah , well I can think of cheaper subversive act . ( pause ) imagine if we really do do this . I mean this could change everything . imagine if we really actually fuck do it . I mean we might have to leave the country . we might have to just fuck leave everything and everyone behind . as Warren drive , Spencer smoke weed , cough , recline he chair and shut he eye , a smile play faintly on he lip and we see a snapshot of the post-heist life he imagine : ext . mexican village - day a bearded Spencer wear nothing but paint-spatter short and a tatoo of a bird sit on a porch beside a beautiful pregnant mexican girl . they watch a kid ecstatically chase two other in the dust with a gush hosepipe . prelap noise of : i/e . spencer' acura legend , new york street - afternoon a stark contrast to the open - the Stones 's can ’t you hear I knocking play on the stereo - we be look out the car window at the chaos of New York street - we pass the hassidim walk the Brooklyn sidewalk , under the elevate - train we recognize from the french connection , across the williamsburg Bridge , Canal Street , kid try to wash the windscreen , Chinatown , toad in bucket , vagrant with cough , tenement block , black people argue , a man in a hospital gown , a moviescape ... we see New York through the boy 's eye - they argue over direction as they try to navigate they way to a hotel . 43 a series of jump cut : Spencer and Warren in a hotel elevator with some japanese tourist , follow they down a cheap hotel corridor , in a seedy midtown hotel room with a double bed and a view onto a brick wall , they walk the street at night animated and chat , at a hotdog stand in greenwich village , a smoky blue club - Spencer drunk and in he element - Warren ruffling he hair affectionately , Warren at the bar flirt with and then kissing a much older woman , top shot of the two of they in bed together , Spencer contentedly stare at the ceiling , Warren asleep on he stomach . int . HOTEL breakfast room - morning Spencer and Warren cut a odd couple breakfast together in a dreary room populate by overweight elderly couple on package tour from the Midwest and japanese tourist all of whom sit eat in silence bar the tinker of cutlery . actor spencer I do not see why we can not just both meet he - what do you imagine he 's likely to do in the middle of a park in broad daylight ? actor warren ( check to see who 's listen ) we do not know this guy for shit and whether he 's even come alone . if you hang back then if something weird happen you can do something . actor spencer what 's do you imagine 's gonna happen ? that 's why he want to meet in a public place - so we can not mess with he and he can not mess with we . actor warren I know you think this be a game Spencer , but this be not a world or a dude we be familiar with and I think this way work better . hey , why do not you wait at the hotdog stand and I 'il hang back if you be so desperate to meet the guy ? actor spencer Nah , it 's cool . you be better at do the talk anyway . Spencer open a miniature pot of marmalade and start spread it on he toast . they sit in silence . real spencer ( v.o. ) I remember we be a little on edge actually . 44 int . real spencer interview set up real spencer everyone that come near he I be think ' this be the guy , here he come 's . ext . bryant park , new york — day Long lens , Spencer 's Pov - we see various man of different age make as if to approach Warren but then continue to walk straight past he . real spencer ( v.o . ) .-+- but they would just keep on walk . we track in on Spencer who be sit on a park bench some distance away from Warren pretend to read a newspaper . real spencer ( v.o. ) I remember really want the guy to show up . like really want he to come cos in my mind ... int . real spencer interview set up real spencer ... if the guy do not show well where be we gonna go from there ? nowhere ? the story grind to a halt , the adventure 's over and we go back to how it be before and I could imagine how that might play out . we see a quick series of still of Spencer 's imagine future : a shot of he final year show with a exhibition of banal landscape and portrait ( some repair where a fist hole once be ) , work as a waiter in a posh restaurant , painting a cheesy portrait of a wealthy kentucky family , work as a ' creative 's in a below - the-line media agency in louisville , out drink with the account manager and a couple of girl from hr , get marry to one of the girl from hr , outside he first home ( not unlike the one we see at the start ) , a baby , a paddle pool , a set of golf club for Christmas ... back to : ext . bryant park , new york - resuming - day Spencer jump back from he reverie as he notice : Warren talk to a man with ponytail ( 30 ) and a blue scarf who be just turn to go . 45 real spencer ( v.o. ) and then suddenly Warren 's talk to a guy with a pony tail and a blue scarf , or be it a purple scarf ... the man 's scarf change colour in accordance with Spencer 's commentary . real spencer ( v.o. ) I know I be wear a gold and white scarf . reverse on Spencer watch intently ( now wear a gold and white scarf ) . his Pov , the man walk off and Warren look over at we grin - a piece of paper suddenly in he hand . real spencer ( back in vision ) and suddenly he have this piece of paper in he hand and he 's walk over to I smile and we be ok , we be back in business . int . warren interview setup real warren the guy be in he 5as I have say , he have white hair - nicely dress . ext . bryant park , new york — day Warren 's Pov as a very different look man with white hair ( no ponytail ) and a expensive coat walk toward he . real warren ( back in vision ) he do not say a whole lot and it be obvious he be put off by how young I look . I give he the envelope with the cash , I tell he I have be send by a wealthy man with a number of artwork and rare book to sell , I tell he which one and he write down a e-mail address . he say : Warren 's Pov - the man be very close , write something on a piece of paper . man with white hair tell he Barry suggest you make contact and that you would like to meet with he in person . he speak good English . the man turn to go . 46 real warren ( in vision ) he hand I the piece of paper and that be that - he do not even count the money . kind of anti-climactic to be honest . int . spencer 's acura legend - highway - night rain on the windscreen - Spencer drive - poor visibility . actor spencer no , dutch people be from Holland , danish people be from Denmark . actor warren whatever . anyway , he say the guy speak perfect English . actor spencer what if he will only meet in person ? actor warren I will explain that we be not in Europe and hopefully he ’1ll agree to talk on the phone . actor spencer how fuck cool would it be to go to Amsterdam though ? the car speed into the night . a computer screen walterbeckman@yahoo.com be signing into he e-mail account . there be very few email - most from Yahoo customer service . one unread at the top from huubruelvnik@hotmail.com . which read : sir , thank you for you email . I ’m afraid we can only discuss with you in person but will welcome you ... we hear Warren 's voice read this and cut to : int . internet cafe - day Warren stare at the computer screen . actor warren ( 0.s . ) .+- but will welcome you and you item in Holland at you earliest convenience . 47 int . diner - night Close on Spencer - who have just be read the e-mail by Warren . angle on Warren beginning to tear it into tiny piece and try unsuccessfully to burn they in a mug before the waitress remove it with a scolding look . actor warren we have to go there . actor spencer do not you think there 's maybe someone in America we could talk to about it . actor warren well I do not know about you but I be fresh out of underworld steal art -dealer contact - I guess we could try the yellow page . actor spencer dude , even if we do go there and even if they do want to buy they then we would have to smuggle the book out of the country - which , even if we could do that , do not you think it have look pretty weird we just take off there suddenly . actor warren what be you suggest - that we just give up on everything ? actor spencer no , but - actor warren I could get the money for the flight from my dad - I ‘’1l tell he it 's a deposit for the apartment , you scrape what you can together , we can be there and back in like two day . actor spencer ( hesitant ) I dunno , maybe it 's time to face the reality that this be not something we be actually really go to be able to do . Warren stare at he - a disappointed parent with he child . actor warren I will face that reality when it be a reality and at the moment it be not . I do not know what make you think this be all suppose to be so easy ? you want out ? be that what you be try to tell I ? 48 Spencer look like a scold child . int . real int . real Spencer 's Mom read she look prophecy . spencer interview set up interviewer do you feel it be maybe time to call time on the whole thing ? real spencer I figure something ... some obstacle would present itself before it all go too fat . I just ... I do not want it to be I . reinhard home - interview set up - day parent sit on the sofa as before . Real Spencer 's from Spencer 's school report card . real spencer' mom Spencer continue to show himself to be - this be from he homeroom tutor - Spencer continue to show himself to be a courteous and tenacious young man who I feel certain will be able to accomplish whatever it be he set he mind to . up sadly , as if this hold some kind of dark i/e . spencer' acura legend - day Warren , wear a duffle coat , be read aloud from a piece of paper as Spencer drive . it 's snow , before long Spencer pull into the curbside leave the engine run - traffic behind . actor warren bird of North America , by John James audubon from original drawing , four volume , elephant folio , 435 hand - color plate ; London , 1827-1838 . first edition on the Origin of species by means of Natural selection , by Charles darwin , London , 1859 . hortus sanitatis de laten en francois , two volume , 450 woodcut illustration , with four full - page woodcut ; Paris , circa 1500 , and illuminate manuscript , devotional calendar - England , circa 1425 ... actor spencer ( interupting ) you do not need to read it to I man , I be the one that write it all down . 49 actor warren so do I tell they we have all of this ? actor spencer tell they this be part of the collection you represent and ask they which be the item they be most interested in . actor warren yeah , that 's good . you should be go man , at least you know how to talk the talk . he open the door , get out and reach for a backpack on the back seat . actor warren ( cont ’d ) wish I luck hermano . he give Spencer a hug , shut the door and walk off into what we now see to be lexington airport . as we watch he go we hear Spencer 's v.o : real spencer ( v.o. ) Warren manage to find the money for a return ticket to Amsterdam - he do not even tell he parent he be leave town . int . warren' family home - day Mrs lipka ( Warren 's mother ) sit alone absently do needlepoint , a black and white movie ( the asphalt jungle ) play on tcm for company : asphalt jungle on tv Doc : after this job , it 's Mexico for I . I will live like a king . mexican girl be very pretty . I will have nothing to do all day long but chase they in the sunshine . int . spencer interview setup real spencer maybe I be jealous I do not get to go to Europe but I be not jealous of what Warren be there to do - meet a bunch of mafia type and convince they you be the real deal ? Nah , that 's really not for I . I be not good with people like he be . he can talk anyone into anything . my main fear be that when I go to get he from the airport three day later he be not go to be there . what the hell would I tell he folk ? he go to Holland to meet some gangster . 50 int . university of kentucky changing room - day the University of kentucky soccer team be match -ready and sit on the change room bench listen to a tactical pep talk from the coach . coach morris - so this have to be counter with increase movement of the central player , Bateman , if you feel under pressure , lipka , you will need to step up - coach Morris cast around for Warren . coach morris ( cont ’d ) lipka ? where the hell be Warren ? a general shrug coach morris ( cont ’d ) you have get to be shitting I . ext . amstersdam STREET —- day Close on Warren who be stare , fixate by something ahead of he . he raise a joint to he lip and take a long drag still stare - the smoke get in he eye . his Pov -a beautiful if slightly chubby prostitute in a shop window light up by purple light . she smile a genuine and child - like smile at he . he smile back . ext . amsterdam street — day a series of jump cut as we track behind Warren down various Amsterdam street - prostitute , club promoter and hash dealer beckon , kid and granny watch from window and doorway , the street get narrower . real warren ( v.o. ) so I find the cafe but I decide to keep walk past just to make sure there 's nothing weird go down . to be honest I be feel more than a little paranoid . we be tracking behind Warren - he look over and we follow he gaze to become he Pov - two middle - age man sit in the window of a cafe , they eye the camera which keep move - one continuous 180 shot as we now pan back to find Warren walk toward we as we track back . he stop , do a u-turn and we switch direction and follow he back toward the door of the cafe . 51 int . amsterdam cafe - day his Pov - a decidedly low key interior of faux pine wall and formica table where the staff and clientele be as dusty as the furniture - a pair of old codger at the bar , a elderly couple at a table eat soup in silence and the two middle age man at a booth in the window - both stare up at Warren . one be thick set wear a cable - knit jumper with a beard and glass . the other be smaller and older with nicotine grey thinning hair , he look like a university professor . he wear a shirt , cardigan and a sport jacket that be new in the 70 . a full ashtray and half - full coffee cup sit between they on the table . Warren approach actor warren hi , I be David , I work with Mr beckman . he hold out he hand - the man clearly can not be bother to shake it but do so without enthusiasm . they be unimpress - not what they be expect . beard man ( with dutch accent ) we see you walk by already actor warren ha , yes , I be not sure I have the right place . beard man you have no coat ? actor warren um , no , it 's a lot warmer where I be from . I forget to check the weath ... beard man ( uninterested ) you live in Holland ? actor warren do you mind if I sit ? Warren make to sit down next to the older man who shuffles over reluctantly . actor warren ( cont ’d ) no , no - I have come from the United States on behalf of Mr beckman . - Mr beckman ? he send I here to meet with you ? to discuss - wait ( suddenly unsure ) - you be the people we have be e-mail , right ? beard man ya , we receive e-mail from beckman . you have some book and some painting . 52 awkward silence as Warren pull out and unfold the piece of paper contain the list of book - he hand be shaking slightly . he offer it limply to both and the older man eventually take it and reach for spectacle in the inside pocket of he sport jacket . beard man ( cont 'd ) you have this work with you in Amsterdam ? Warren look confuse . actor warren no , no I do not have the work with I . how could ... the idea be to discuss with you ... the two dutchmen exchange look - this be a waste of they time . beard man ( cut he off ) where be you beckman ? he be also in Amsterdam ? this be not go how Warren have hope . actor warren no , no , Mr beckman be in the US - you see he be quite elderly and it be not easy for he to travel . ( compose himself ) he be quite a wealthy man with a large collection of art and antiquity which he understand could be of interest to you . he have send I all this way to talk to you about which of the item in he possession might be of interest and what value you would place upon they ... the older man say something unintelligible to the bearded man in dutch and hand over the printout of the various book . the bearded man look at the list for a while . the older man make to get out of the booth force Warren to stand up to let he out - it 's unclear if he be leave or go to the bathroom . beard man Mr beckman be you father ? actor warren no , no he be my employer . ( beat ) well , actually we be kind of related . he be marry to my mother 's sister - kind of a uncle . the bearded man seem to take this in with a almost imperceptible degree of approval . he take out a pen and circle three or four item from the list and hand it back to Warren . 53 beard man naturally the audubon book and the darwin will be of interest to we with the correct authentication . actor warren ok , when you say authentication ? beard man ya , naturally . the correct appraisal from a famous auction house in United States . you have hear of the Christie 's or the sothebys perhaps ? actor warren ok , so with the correct appraisal from the famous auction house this book would be of interest to you ? beard man naturally , yes . we will buy this book . this be more like it . actor warren and can I ask roughly what value you would place on the individual item ? beard man naturally thirty to forty percent of the valuation price . Warren relax finally and sit back in he seat and take a moment to look out of the window . his Pov through the glass but now kentucky - we see Spencer 's accura legend drive by and stop at the light . voice ( 0.s. ) forty percent of the auction value , seriously ?! int . spencer' acura legend - lexington street - day Spencer and Warren be drive back from the airport . Warren look knacker and have he hood up . actor spencer .-+. seriously ? he say they would pay that ? Holy crap ! actor warren I know . actor spencer Holy fuck crap . actor warren I know . we be gonna need a bigger boat . 54 int . kentucky university lecture theatre raked seating , actor Eric sit in the middle of a row toward the back surround by predominantly asian student . lecturer Federal Home loan mortgage Corporation ( fhlmc ) , commonly know as freddie Mac , this be a public government - sponsor enterprise . freddie Mac busy mortgage on the secondary market , pool they , and sell they as a mortgage - back security to investor on the open market ... real eric ( v.o. ) ( overlap the above ) I would like to tell you that it be pressure from parent that lead I to major in finance ... CUT to : int . real eric interview setup real eric ( in vision ) ... it be not . I just have not consider a alternative . what would that look like anyway ? - get leave behind - that 's what it would look like . be one of that guy who turn up at wedding in he dad 's shirt wear old shoe and no blazer . int . kentucky university lecture theatre - day as the class draw to a close and student file out actor Eric stand put he book into he bag . a group of preppy - look male student pass along the row above , as Eric notice they he make to run for it but it 's too late . as they pass he each one take a swipe at he - the first push he bag and book off the desk , the next pull Eric 's jacket down off he shoulder trapping be arm - the next push he over onto the plastic seat and the last pour the end of a can of coke onto he face . real eric ( v.o. ) after I quit sigma epsilon phi , they put out like a ' hit 's on I - which basically mean active or pledge have to fight I or fuck with I any time they see I in public . it be around this time I get a voicemail out of the blue from Warren . we be not speak at the time - we have have a fall out over some of the proceed from the fake id business . 55 over black with subtitles - sound like genuine archive : voicemail lady you have one new message , first message : voice ( with bad french accent ) in my own country I be in a far-off land . I be strong but have no force or power . I win all yet remain a loser .. at break of Day I say goodnight .. when I lie down I have a great fear of fall . CUT to : int . warren 's bedroom - night Warren be read aloud from the epigraph to Hell 's angel by Hunter S Thompson - speak the above line down the phone . he lie on he bed with the Hills on MTV in the background . actor warren ..- Eric , it 's Warren . I need to talk to you . it 's important . call I back please man . int . eric 's car - night Eric be drive listen to hip hop . real eric ( v.o. ) when I call he back he say he could not talk about it over the phone . Said he need to meet somewhere noisy . Eric pull into the parking lot in front of a pazzo 's pizza parlour . he get out and we follow he toward the door . caption : april 2004 int . pizza parlour - continuous - night Eric see Warren sit in a booth toward the back of the restaurant as he approach Warren stand up and go to give he a hug . Eric go to shake he hand instead . actor warren listen man I want to put all the nonsense behind we . get back on track - it 's fuck ridiculous - seriously , we be like brother you and I . you have to know I never take that money . 56 actor eric ( cold ) what 's go on Warren ? what do you need to talk about that you could not say over the phone ? I think you might be in some sort of trouble . actor warren my parent be split up . my dad gamble all they savings away . actor eric fuck , that 's harsh - I be sorry to hear that , you dad 's pretty much the coolest out of everyone 's I know . actor warren yeah well I be not sure my mom would agree . anyway , fuck they - that 's they business . not what I want to talk about - let 's get some fuck drink . Warren leave Eric alone in the booth . Eric fiddle with a beer mat . int . eric real eric ( v.o . ) it be impossible to hate Warren and I do want to ... CUT to : interview set up real eric .-.- I never do find out what happen with the money that go miss . I have some theory but I guess what I do know for certain be that you just do not get too many chance in life to have a friend like he . back to : int . pizza parlour - booth - night Warren return with a pitcher of beer . actor warren before I tell you what I be go to tell you I need to ask you something deadly serious . I be not fuck around . actor eric ok ... 57 actor warren the only other person who know about this be Spencer . after I tell you about this there will be no go back so if you think you might not want to know you better tell I now and we will never say another word about it . actor eric kind of hard for I answer that without the faintest idea what you be talk about . actor warren what I be go to tell you could be life - change and I need to know if you be in or you be out - this be not some frat shit - it will make that shit look like child 's play . it may have serious consequence . actor eric how be I gonna tell you if I be in or out without you tell I the first thing about what I might be in or out of ? actor warren I need you to say in principal . it would be something not exactly legal and we might have to leave the country very fuck fast and we might have to leave a lot of the people we love behind and so I need to know if this be something you would consider . you be either in or you be out . freeze picture - prelap ( v.0o . ) cut to : int . eric interview set up real eric so this be what Warren do - he have the ability to make you feel like you life be suddenly interesting - that there might be a whole side to it that you be just completely miss out on . back to : int . pizza parlour - booth - night Eric think and Warren wait for a answer . suddenly : actor eric would we have to go tonight ? 58 actor warren ( find this funny ) no we would not have to go tonight , be you kid ? actor eric ( relieved ) ok ... well , then I guess I be in . i/e . spencer' acura legend - transy campus parking lot - day track in on the car - Warren and Spencer be in the front and Eric be sit in the back - they be watch the library from afar . int . real actor warren Fridays be the quietest day both in term of student and staff . between the hour of 8 be and 12 pm there be a total of nine member of staff on duty - this include : 5 librarian - three situate at the issue desk , 2 in the office , one on the reference ... eric interview set up real eric I do not know what the fuck I think I be signing up for but it sure as shit be not that . I think I think Warren be present I with some kind of friendship test and the only way to pass be to say yes . first I think it be a joke then I guess I be shocked . they be deep into it - I mean deep - to the point that Warren seem to be barely do anything else with he life . Warren tell I about the buyer in Amsterdam , he say - int . spencer' acura legend - campus parking lot ( cont . ) int . real actor warren ( speak Eric 's word ) they already think we have the book - now all we gotta do be steal ‘em . spencer interview set up real spencer it be not that I do not trust Eric it 's just that I do not know he as well as Warren do - we be never close . I didnt know if he could keep a secret . 59 int . real eric interview setup real eric Far as I could see they do not have even the beginning of a plan for how to actually get the artwork out - I guess that 's where I come in . interviewer do they ever mention a figure to you ? a amount of money ? real eric Warren mention the sum of um , twelve million dollar - that 's what they feel be what we have get for everything . twelve million . int . unknown location the top shot of the hand , the paper and the dot of pigment - we can now just about begin to make out a barely identifiable image make up of hundred of tiny point of colour . int . warren 's bedroom - day . the three lad be stand stare at something - they Pov of Warren 's heist Wall , which by now have grow in size and detail . there be picture of the exit , the parking lot , various member of staff - all connect by a elaborate series of pin , arrow and coloured string that seem devoid of any obvious logic . actor eric it 's a bit like that scene in a beautiful mind - only that guy be a genius . actor warren yeah well it have a logic to I . actor eric I can not wait to hear it . ext . dorm block roof - night Eric and Spencer be lie on they stomach overlook the library . Eric be look through the binocular , behind he Warren be walk precariously around the roof ledge like a tightrope walker . real spencer ( v.o. ) Eric get suck in same as we be . he want to go back to the beginning , he need to see it all for himself - look at he , all of sudden he 's Robert fuck deniro in heat . 60 binocular Pov - we see a staff member leave , lock and punch a code into a keypad . actor eric Electronic keypad . actor warren do what ? actor eric they have Electronic keypad on the door - that mean the door have electronic lock which will be connect to the main alarm circuit . even if we could figure out how to kill the bell on the alarm itself , it 's probably connect into a central security hub . actor spencer Central security hub ? Spencer and Warren exchange a look . Warren climb down , get out he notebook and start to write . actor eric there will be a safety department office for the entire campus - that 's where they will be monitoring all the cctv , the alarm and motion sensor and shit - wait. ( notice Warren ) what be you do ? actor warren I be take note - you know , minute . actor eric be you fuck retarded ? why do not you fax the FBI and ask where they have like we to leave fingerprint ... int . warren interview setup real warren I be grateful for Eric 's input - he have a real head for logistic but as I see it this be my deal . I bring he in and I figure ultimately , I already kind of have a plan . int . eric 61 interview set up real eric Warren be impulsive , which be something you definitely do need in a criminal gang otherwise there could be a serious lack of risk - take which you have to have - but you need someone who 's go to look at the bigger picture and avoid any fuck - up . Spencer ? well , Spencer be the only one of we who be a transy student and could basically go whereever he want on campus - he be the inside man . int . spencer interview setup ext . dorm real spencer I be not interested in be the ring - leader . I guess I mainly just want to feel as far outside my comfort zone as humanly possible - that definitely do not mean go to jail though , yeah ... that would be too far . block roof - night actor eric ( still look through the bino ) it can not be do at night . it 's the one time when no - one be suppose to be in the building so it will be almost impossible to get in - we have to do it when the library 's open . how many camera do you say be in the special collection room ? actor spencer two that I could see . actor eric so we need to find out who 's watch , when and for how long . actor warren ok good . I would concur with that . Spence you need to get inside the Safety Department Office and see who 's get eye on the library . Eric roll he eye . actor spencer ok Jason bourne , and how exactly do you suggest I go about find out who 's get mey on the library 's ? 62 int . transy university corridor - day a bank of grainy security monitor . angle on Spencer look at they transfix . security guard ( 0.c . ) Son ...? Son ? - you say you think it be steal ? from you person ? a security guard sit behind a messy desk try to regain Spencer 's attention . security guard ( cont ’d ) Son ? two other security guard be sit in front of the screen absorb in anything but monitoring they . the security guard at the desk pour coffee from a thermos flask . Spencer move further into the room . actor spencer well I fall asleep in the library and when I wake up my wallet be miss . security guard have you check lose and find ? Library be not exactly a hot of crime . actor spencer um , no . I be pretty sure it be steal and I think you might have security footage from when it happen ? he feel this give he a excuse to look back in the direction of the monitor . he pick out the parking lot and the front of the library but nothing of the interior or the rear of the building . securtity guard well you would need to file a police report and they would have to request the tape from we - not something we can help you with directly . actor spencer but you have camera inside the library ? securtity guard we be not at liberty to discuss where the camera be or be not and strictly speak you be not suppose to be in here either . actor spencer ok , I x11 check with lose and find in case it get hand in . 63 Spencer back out of the office watch the screen as he go . his Pov - push in - one of the screen show a bird 's eye view of the campus parking lot - virtually empty - and in the bottom leave corner we see a familiar car - a pedestrian approach and open a rear door and get in . match CUT to : int . spencer' acura legend - campus parking lot - evening Spencer slide into the back seat . Warren and Eric be in the front . actor warren well ? do you get in the room ? actor spencer yeah - nothing of the inside so far as I could see . the only interior I could see be of like the main building , reception , the trophy cabinet , the gym , the pool , shit like that . actor eric and be the screen change - like rotate through a bunch of different camera ? actor spencer nope - they be all just fix on the same thing . they can see we sit right here though . Warren start up the engine . actor eric man , how can they have million of dollar worth of shit stashed right in there and no camera on it ? actor spencer yeah , someone should probably write a letter . Warren put the car in gear and screech out of the parking lot . real spencer ( v.o. ) Warren move into the basement of the bungalow where Eric live . ext . bungalow - day we see a shot of a classic suburban lexington bungalow complete with prune hedge and perfect lawn . more a granny flat than a criminal hq . 64 real spencer ( in vision ) Eric be live with chas at the time who he and Warren have go to lexington Catholic High with ... we flashback to the graduation scene we see at the top : ext . function lawn , lexington catholic high - day principal Charles Allen ! modest applause as a straight - lace look boy make he way to the podium . real spencer ( v.o. ) chas 's dad be a bigshot real estate guy , he own the bungalow and chas live upstairs . int . bungalow - live room / warren' den - day chas , conventionally good look and preppy be cycle on a exercise bike in the middle of the live room whilst do weight , look at himself in the mirror and watch bloomberg tv on a big plasma screen . real spencer ( v.o. ) I never care much for chas if I be honest - we have zero in common . he be all about money , that be he thing . we sink down through the floor until we be in : int . warren 's basement Warren be stand in front of what look to be a window cover by a large set of floral curtain - he pull a cord and the curtain separate to reveal not a window but the heist Planning Wall now in it 's new home - yet more detailed and seemingly more order . Spencer and Eric nod approvingly from the sofa . real spencer ( v.o. ) sometimes I think the plan could have go on forever . but then something happen . a television the local morning news play - a squeaky smiley blonde female anchor and a jock - like co-hoast with a punchable face : 65 blonde newsreader good news if you wake up wonder if you be live in the right town today folk as forbe Magazine name lexington ' 9th best place to launch a business or career in the United States 's . Bob , how about that ? do you agree ? - you do not seem to be do too badly yourself . bob ha , that 's right loraine . accord to forbe , the best metro area to launch a business or a career revolve around university that offer a diverse , educate work force . lexington come in just behind huntsville , Alabama and just ahead of Richmond , Virginia .... we reveal that the tv be play in the wait room outside the Dean of the University of kentucky 's office . the room be empty except for Warren who stare blankly at the tv anda plump over - adorn secretary ( 70 ) with a thirty year old hairdo sit do sudoku until she intercom buzze and she pick it up : secretary ( on phone ) no , you have a student wait and then nothing until Mrs palmer 's leave lunch at pomodoro ... well Bruce generally have the linguine and do not seem to suffer too much after ... i’1l send he through . she put down the phone and address Warren . secretary ( cont ’d ) you can go through ... Warren be lose in the morning show . secretary ( cont ’d ) Mr lipka ? - you can go through . Warren come round from wherever he 's be and walk toward the dean 's office . he look tired . int . deans office , universtiy of kentucky - day the dean ( late 5as ) be a man at one with he place in the world - confident , Christian and untrouble by life 's bigger question . dean take a seat Warren . Warren sit in front of the dean 's desk and take in the wall adorn with photo depict the glitter success of former student . a photo of the Dean himself with George W beam from the mantelpiece . 66 dean ( cont 'd ) well this be unexpected would not you say ? actor warren I guess it be sir . dean Son , you come here on a soccer scholarship . perhaps you do not quite appreciate what that mean - Warren open he mouth to speak - dean ( cont 'd ) what it mean be that you be one of a tiny handful of athlete who have beat off thousand of other to be give free tuition at one of America 's top tier academic institution . do that not sound like something to you ? cos it sure as heck do to I . actor warren yes sir it do . dean well son you have a interesting way of show it because you have just piss it away . coach Morris say here you have consistently fail to show up on time if at all for training , you commitment be next to non-existent . you father aware of this ? actor warren no sir . dean what do you imagine he will have to say about it ? actor warren actually , thing be not go so well at home at the moment sir . dean that 's as maybe but it 's no excuse . a man have to be responsible for he action Warren and that action have consequence . Warren 's Pov past the Dean to the face grin down at he - so content in they shit-eate picture - perfect life . actor warren ( inaudibly ) the sack 67 dean come again son ?... Warren be elsewhere . dean ( cont 'd ) it pain I to see you lose this scholarship and I know it 's gonna pain you pop a whole lot more . you might want to think about what that kind of disappointment will be not just for you but for you family . Warren nod thoughtfully , then speak without anger . actor warren well sir . I have work my ass off to get on that team since I be about five , and you know what ? I have zero idea why . to be honest sir , I think you and this whole place be the real disappointment . the Dean cock he head - fairly sure he 's misheard this . real spencer ( v.o. ) after that the robbery be pretty much all Warren have to think about . int . unknown location the same top shot of the hand , the paper and the dot of pigment - hundred of tiny point of colour - the suggestion of a eye . int . bungalow - warren 's basement - day we find Warren sit alone - the heist Wall behind he - the debris of a man with no better place to be . he sit smoking and drink whisky from a crystal tumbler , on the tv be the scene from the Thomas Crown affair in which Steve mcqueen be sit in a palatial Manhattan office telephon member of he criminal gang and tell they : '' go '' . he seem to come to a snap decision , reach for the tv remote , hit mute , pick up the phone and dial . actor warren hello , could you please put I through to the library ... um , yeah the main library , special collection room please .... int . campus bar - university of kentucky - night Spencer play pinball whilst Warren stand next to he . 68 actor warren and you know what craziest bit of it be ? you can actually request they to have the book laid out for you when you arrive for a appointment - they actually get they ready for you . actor spencer how do you know all this ? actor warren I make a appointment . actor spencer you do what ? actor warren I make a appointment - I use you name and I say we want to view the audubon and you want to bring a friend . Spencer stop what he 's do and turn to look at Warren who be more concerned about Spencer take he eye off the pinball machine - he notice that Spencer be irritate . actor warren ( cont ’d ) it 's time man . it 's time . clock - the one we see in the open sequence - strike 11 . caption : tuesday , may 8 2004 int . transy university library - day Spencer 's Pov - we be glide up a wide curving staircase - student pass we on the way down . we be trail a small male librarian who turn back to address we : male librarian you be a little late so she probably will not have long . they follow he to the top of the stair and toward the glass door of the special Collection Museum - once there , he tap on the glass to get BJ 's attention . Inside the room BJ walk toward the door and place a keycard over a small electronic panel , a red light turn green on the keypad outside and the male librarian hold open the door for they . they enter and he shut the door which lock behind they , the light turn red and he re-descend the stair leave the boy inside the room alone with BJ . we see all of the above in detail as Warren observe , make a mental note of each part of the process . 69 int . transy library , special collection section - day betty -jean please sign in on you right . I have the audubon laid out over here and the illuminate manuscript at the back . be there one you want to view first ? Warren be take it all in - the glass case , motion sensor , the low - lighting , the book , lock on each cabinet - it 's as if he 's be let into aladdin 's cave . CUT to : int . warren be den - night - flashforward the three boy be sit around a table on which Spencer have create a scale model of the special collection room . complete with tiny figurine to represent BJ and each of the boy . actor warren the camera be not camera - they be motion detector - they be here and here and they be not on during the day . and back here ... back to : int . transy library , special collection section - day Spencer be pour over the audubon bird of America - first edition . he seem lose in its beauty . betty-jean I understand you be a fine -art major . do the manuscript feature in you study ? I do not generally get much interest in this from student . Spencer look up - he mind elsewhere . actor spencer pardon ? int . real betty jean gooch interview set up real betty -jean he seem rather offhand . he be not interested in have a conversation , do not seem willing to discuss he project and my impression be that he seem rather aloof . have say that , I do feel he be respectful of the book . back to : 70 int . transy library , special collection section - day actor warren wow , and so after the audubon , which be the next most valuable in the collection ? Bet everyone ask that , huh ? int . warren be den - night - flashforward as before , Warren be as focus as we have see he - he point to the relevant location on the model . actor warren and back here , my furry friend be the staff elevator . ( stroking the model elevator ) ah , sweet , sweet elevator - let I inside you .. what do you fuck know ? a elevator which go directly to the basement from where we can gain access to the fire exit at the rear of the building . int . transy library , special collection section - day BJ be touring Warren around the museum proudly point out the book of great significance : betty-jean well , the Origin of species be one of only two first edition in the United States and then there 's the illuminate manuscript which be obviously handwritten and illustrate rather than print . so you see they be absolutely one of a kind . priceless really . CUT to : int . warren be den - night - flashforward actor warren the book will be laid out for we here and here . we will ask for the two audubon - the most valuable book in the collection - to be on display for we when we arrive . the other book we be go to take be in the case here and here . they will be lock . 71 int . real spencer interview set up real spencer I just keep wait ... wait for the thing to come along that be go to stop we . but the deeper we go , the easier it seem to get . back to : int . warren be den - night ( cont 'd ) we be inside the scale model at ground level - Warren be in full flow - as he speak we see the figurine which represent each of they manipulate by giant finger - like a puppet show in which the figurine be the one do the talk . actor warren ( 0.s. ) BJ need to be bring down hard and fast - she have to become a non-factor as soon as the other member of staff be out of sight . she be the single biggest risk to we . angle on figurine Warren . actor warren ( cont ’d ) we bring she down here maybe with a tazer - we tie she and gag she and put she over here where she can not be see from the doorway . as Warren describe this we see short steadicam sequence in which we see precisely what he envisages execute with military precision . flash on : int . transy library , special collection section - fantasy Warren ( dress in a sharp suit ) be let into the room , make clooney -esque pleasantry - BJ turn she back on he and in one deat movement Warren grab she and tazer she , catch she neatly as she fall and then glide with she around the corner lay she down out of sight . he gag she gently with she own neckerchief , zip - tie she hand and foot like a pro and lay a blanket over she . back to : int . warren 's den - night the scale model - we see the tiny figurine of BJ laid face - down - hand and foot tie , mouth gag . Spencer , look on , slug back a miniature bottle of bourbon , close he eye . 72 actor warren when that 's do we take she swipe card from she and let the other into the room ... flash on : int . transy library , special collection section - fantasy one camera movement - Warren remove BJ 's electronic key card which be attach to she belt - as he move toward the glass door we find Spencer and Eric arrive right on time - Warren swipe the keypad and Spencer pirouettes into the room hold the door for Eric - it 's like seal team 6 meet the bolshoi . actor warren ( v.o. ) .»+ - once in the room Eric and I will put the book in the sheet , open the case and fill the bag . Spencer you 's 1ll call the elevator and put the smaller illuminate manuscript and the darwin in you backpack . back to : int . warren 's den - night . as Warren talk we push in on Spencer who be watch but seem troubled . as we push in further he speak to camera with Real Spencer 's voice : actor spencer I do not know whether I want off the roller - coaster or to stay strapped in . I feel like I be in a river rush faster and faster toward the sea . as he speak we cut to image of the world outside , lexington at night in the pour rain , the bungalow , empty street , the house , traffic light , the library , rain , wind and more rain . int . warren 's den - night as before but now Eric be up and pace . actor eric it do not work - we need at least two of we inside the room , we need another keep lookout inside the library and a getaway driver - three be not enough - it will not work . 73 actor warren you bring in one more person and that 's almost ten percent less per person - that 's a lot - that 's like a million dollar less each . actor eric I have rather have 25 percent less of something than 100 percent of nothing cos we fuck it up . actor spencer he 's right , we need someone else . need to be someone with a car or access to money to get one that we can ditch after the robbery . the camera start to rise upwards and keep go through the floor to the room upstairs - we hear the sound of fuck but then find chas , cigarette in mouth , arm -wrestle with a equally jock - like friend at the live room table while porn play on the plasma tv in the background . chas interview set up . this be first time since the pre-title that we have meet real int . real chas . int . real int . real real chas truthfully ? I think they be out of they fuck mind . eric interview setup real eric chas be a high achiever but he be less clean - cut than he look . I have know he since junior high so I figure even if he do not want in on it , he probably would not give we up . chas interview set up . real chas once I realise they be serious , my first think be that they be on drug and likely to get themselves in a shit - ton of trouble . I do not want any part of it . 74 int . real spencer interview set up real spencer I could see we need another person . I just do not think that person should be chas . int . real chas interview set up . real chas 12 million , that be the number that keep come up - you know , 3 million dollar each . it still be not worth it , the risk be too big . that guy be drift y'know - they just do not have much direction - especially Warren , he seem lose to I . I already have the lawn - care business , I have bit of real estate , I be do ok in college , the future be peachy . why throw all that away on a prank ? interviewer can you remember what Warren say that make you reconsider ? real chas he say '' you need to come see how easy this be '' . int . warren 's den - day the heist Wall . Warren stand in front of it read from a piece of paper . Spencer , Eric and chas be sit in a row on chair face he . actor warren Eric - Mr Black , Spencer - Mr Green , Mr yellow be I and chas - Mr pink . actor chas ( sigh ) you be really make I Mr pink ? Eric and Spencer feign bemusement . actor spencer what 's wrong with Mr pink ? actor chas you know exactly what 's wrong with Mr pink and can I just say how fuck dumb this be because in the movie the whole point of they have that name be because none of they know what the other be really call so they could not give each other up . 75 the boy stifle giggle have evidently predict this . actor warren ( enjoy this ) relax Mr pink - this be just a protocol and if we need to address each other during the robbery or on walkie-talky this be safer . actor chas it 's ridiculous . int . real chas interview set up . real chas at this point I be not in . I have say I be - but in the back of my mind I figure I have hear what ridiculous plan they have come up with and take it from there . back to : int . warren 's den - day ( cont ’d ) actor warren House -keep first . Mr Green - you will see to the disguise , make up , prosthetics , outfit and wig ... CUT to : int . costume / fancy dress shop - day at the counter Spencer in sunglass and a hat be be serve by the ancient owner of the store . he be buy a assortment of grey wig , fake nose and stage makeup . store owner Planning a costume party ? actor spencer make a movie . whip pan to : ext . used car forecourt - day Eric be chat with the sale assistant in front of a blue Ford explorer . 76 actor warren ( v.o. ) ... Mr Black - you first job be to find a reliable gettaway vehicle which you will purchase use cash and a fake id ... whip pan to : int . warren' den - day ( cont ’d ) actor warren .-.. a ford or similar - blue or silver - nothing flashy . Mr pink , you first task be to identify the quick route from the library to the drop - off point here ... he point to a map on the wall mark with a red x. flash on : int . chas 's car — day chas , now with a crew cut be drive fast , concentrate deeply , with a stop watch around he neck . actor warren ( v.o. ) ..- and then practice it over and over again until it become second nature . actor chas ( talk to the car in front ) come on grandpa move it . real spencer ( v.o. ) pretty soon chas be hook ... CUT to : int . real spencer interview set up real spencer ..- he pretend to be above it all but he be suck in just like we be . he even get he hair cut to make he look like vin diesel . back to : int . chas 's car - day ( cont ’d ) chas pull over , put the car in park , press a button on the stopwatch and look at he time . he pick up he mobile phone and make a call . 77 actor chas ( on phone ) fourteen minute eighteen second with mostly green light - it can not be do faster . int . university of kentucky , computer room - day camera track along a row of student busily work away at they pcs - it pass across a older student with a beard and sunglass - the camera stop on the next student then back up one to the student in the shade . it 's Warren - as he type , the e-mail he be write type out on screen : from : walterbeckman@yahoo . com to : estimates@christies.com , dear sir / madam , my name be walter beckman , I am a private collector of rare book and manuscript base in TEXAS . I would like to arrange a appraisal of a number of the item in my collection . I will be travelling to new york around the 17th december . please advise as to when might be a suitable time to arrange a meeting ... actor warren ( v.o. ) Mr yellow , that 's I of course , I will make the appraisal appointment for the weekend immediately after the robbery ... int . warren' den - day ( cont 'd ) actor warren ..+- meaning that even if the book be report miss , they will not yet show up on the national index of steal art . the three lad nod approvingly . actor warren ( cont ’d ) I vote the robbery take place on the penultimate day of final . that 's eight day from now . the library will be almost empty as everyone will be in they final exam . actor chas wait a minute - I have final that day . actor eric I too . 78 actor spencer I too . I have History of Art in the morning . actor warren ( smugly ) exactly . actor eric what do you mean '' exactly '' ? actor warren I mean who 's go to suspect a group of robber who happen to be sit in exam that day ? the boy absorb this think . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer there be no insurmountable obstacle . that thing in all the movie that no one 's plan for - that make the whole thing impossible to pull off ? well it just never come up . ext . lexington residential street - dusk Spencer be drive alone . Shots like that we see at the beginning : sunlight through tree - picturebook house with manicure lawn . real spencer ( v.o. ) so I find myself at a fork in the road . one way lead to a place where everything turn out more or less how it 's suppose to . and the other ... Spencer park , get out of the car and walk up the garden path to he parent house . int . real spencer interview setup ( cont ’d ) real spencer ... the other lead to the unknown . he wrap on the door knocker . int . reinhard family home , kitchen - evening Spencer 's family be prepare to sit down to dinner of spaghetti bolognese - the family member except for Spencer bring food , napkin , water glass , etc. to the table as a typical weeknight conversation ensue . 79 Spencer be notably at odd ; hair dishevel , the beginning of a beard , filthy finger - he look tired . spencer 's sister - it 's ridiculous , there 's no sane reason for they to make I do it . there 's no job I be ever gonna have that 's gonna need I to know any of that stuff . it 's a huge waste of time - plus Mrs Donaldson be a bitch . actor spencer' mom Language . actor spencer' dad it 's not necessarily about know the stuff - but if you be never expose to it how will you know what you be or be not draw to ? right Spence ? actor spencer what difference do it make ? it 's all basically pointless anyway . actor spencer' mom thank goodness Mr cheery be join we for dinner tonight . actor spencer it 's true - what difference do it make ? seriously . it 's not like ellen not do chemistry be gonna affect the outcome of she life in any way . in fact , what will ? in ten year she will be marry to some douche who probably work in a bank , squeezing out he fat little baby and wonder what the point of have a education or a brain be anyway . spencer 's sister shut up Spencer . at least I x11 still have half a brain . she mimic he take drug and look fuck . actor spencer' dad ( to Spencer ) be you not stimulate by what you be do then ? actor spencer I be think of maybe do something different . this grab everyone 's attention . actor spencer' dad meaning ? 80 actor spencer you can not learn to be a artist by sit with a bunch of prom queen listen to a bunch of failure who could not make a career out of draw Christmas card . actor spencer' dad ( calmly ) so what do you have in mind ? actor spencer I dunno , just something ... different . something radically fuck different . actor spencer' dad hey ! there 's no need for that language ! a silence then Spencer 's mum put she hand on he , diffuse the tension . actor spencer' mom well you know honey , maybe you should take some kind of subsidiary course , like a language or something and then you could supplement you art in other way . you know dianne tell I she have be attend the most wonderful life - draw class at the fitzroy centre . actor spencer' dad ( take he wife 's lead ) yeah , she 's right . dianne 's get pretty good actually . Spencer realise he 's on a different wavelength and even if he know what it be he want from the conversation , he know he 's not go to get it . what he see be the love in he mother 's eye . actor spencer yeah , maybe I x11 look into that . he produce a appease smile for he mother . ext . bungalow - night we be tracking behind Spencer up to the door of the bungalow - he ring the doorbell for longer than necessary . eventually chas come to the door in a dress gown . Spencer walk past he . actor spencer where be he ? actor chas Three guess . everything ok ? 81 we follow Spencer as he walk down the step and into the de where Eric and Warren be watch Blue collar in a cloud of pot smoke - the scene with Richard Prior get harry by the IRS inspector '' where the hell my gonna get that kind of dough man ? " - burst of upsync from the movie cut into the follow dialogue . Spencer turn on the light . actor warren ( annoyed ) hey . what 's the story dude ? actor spencer I can not do it . I be not do it . Warren pause the film , walk over to Spencer . actor warren what happen ? actor spencer nothing happen . I just do not think this be go to end well and I do not even know what it end well be even gonna look like . actor warren ok , relax , sit down . actor spencer I be good stand . actor warren first of all you have see how easy this be go to be . this be literally take candy - actor spencer do not say that . I have tell you to stop fuck say that . actor warren but it be - and so what 's the worst thing that 's gonna happen ? no one 's get hurt . no one 's get catch . I mean this be in we hand . how it end be up to we - it 's ours to decide - actor spencer have anyone stop to think about what this could mean for we parent , for we future ? actor warren which future be you worry about ? the one which be indistinguishable from everyone else 's out there ? or the one which be not write yet - where anything could happen ... ( more ) 82 actor warren ( cont 'd ) be not this be the ultimate creative act - we be shaping we existence not have they shape for we . who 's to say this be not a work of art ? actor eric ( to Spencer ) you know , even if you tell I right now we be go to get bust for this . I would still do it . scout 's honour . this have be some of the best month of my whole fuck life . actor warren you really want to come this far and not find out what happen next ? I can not promise you everything 's go to be fine . it will but I can not promise you that . what I can promise you be that one way or another , this will change everything . actor eric you know I bet one day someone 's gonna make a movie about this . and people will say , that guy be idiot but at least they fuck try something . Spencer be absorb this . we track in on he face - closer and closer until he begin to speak the word of real spencer to camera . actor spencer I would love to tell you it be about friendship - it be , partly . I have love to tell you it be about a act of rebellion against a society in which no one question anything and there 's no trace of a link between effort and reward - it be partly ... CUT to : int . real spencer interview set up real spencer ( in vision ) ...- but in truth we each have we own selfish reason - I ? I would have do something extraordinary , it would make I interesting ... we CUT to : 83 int . spencer' bedroom - night top shot - Spencer lie in bed stare at the ceiling . his word continuous . real spencer ( v.o . ) .+- I could say I do something , I know something , I have something to say . in a homage to the Thomas Crown affair we begin to split the screen as the four lad appear one by one - each in they bedroom at the same time of night . as each of they talk we move in on the relevant window . int . eric 's bedroom - night Eric also lie in bed awake - calm . real eric ( v.o. ) in my mind , if I do not go through with it I would spend the rest of my life wonder what might have happen . it be that simple . int . chas 's bedroom - night chas be toss and turn - he look over at he watch on the bedside table . real chas ( v.o. ) Fucking it up be not a option . there be no reason for this to go wrong . no reason . Warren be right - it be easy . CUT to : int . real chas interview set up . real chas if everyone do precisely what they be suppose to do everything would be fine and in a few day we would have the kind of money that would set we up for life . int . warren 's den - night Warren be not in bed - he be sit in a arm chair smoking , mile away - the tv play a carlton sheet informercial - ' three golden rule to become a real estate millionaire 's . we track in on Warren 's face - blank - as he close he eye we fade to black which become red - a entirely blood red frame - then mottle with orange like the sun on close eyelid - the buzzing of a mobile phone can be hear . 84 caption over : thursday , december 16 2004 7.05 am int . chas 's bedroom - morning chas 's Pov - he eye open and focus on the buzzing mobile phone on he bedside table . Eric be call . he swing he leg off the bed and sit up and answer the phone . actor chas what be it ? real spencer ( v.o . ) the first thing that happen that morning be chas get a call from Eric . actor chas ( into phone ) you be fuck kid I . real spencer ( v.o. ) Eric tell he that the car he have fix up have suddenly become unavailable . actor chas what the fuck do unavailable mean ? no ... no fuck way . she 's sell the caravan like today or tomorrow I can not just - no , it 's not perfect . argh . fuck you Eric . he put down the phone and pull on some jeans , grab a t- shirt and a black hold - all and rush out of the room . whip pan to : int . warren be den - same time . Warren be with Spencer sorting through kit . he be check item off against a list . actor warren Zip tie actor spencer check actor warren Duct tape actor spencer check 85 actor warren glove actor spencer ch .... eck actor warren tazer actor spencer ch ... - no tazer actor warren fuck ! fuck , it never show up . I order it and it never show up . I completely forget about it . motherfucker ! real spencer ( v.o. ) this be we second problem and it be not 8 o'clock yet . actor warren we need to find a tazer , where be we go to get a tazer ? actor spencer dude , that be on you list ... actor warren shit . we be gonna have to do make - up later . Warren begin manically pack the kit into black holdall . real spencer ( v.o. ) so the plan be to hit the library at 12:30 - precisely between morning and afternoon exam . my job be to get the disguise ready , do Warren 's make - up and prosthetics , get to my morning History of Art exam by 9 be , get back to do everyone 's makeup by 11:15 and be on the road by 12:15 . it be go to be tight . CUT to : i/e. chas 's car - strip mall parking lot - day chas pull into a parking lot . he reach into the hold - all on the passenger seat and produce a power screwdriver . he get out of the car and crouch down , shimmy along the side of the suv park next to he . at the rear of the suv he begin unscrew the number plate . 86 real chas ( v.o. ) this be not in the plan and yes , it make I very fuck nervous about how the rest of the day be gonna go ... CUT to : int . real chas interview set up . real chas «+. stealing and swapping license plate ? this be already a criminal offence I be commit and we have not even get start . back to : ext . strip mall parking lot - day chas manage to get the licence plate off and jump back in the car and get the hell out of there . caption over : 09:18 whip pan to : ext /int . university of kentucky , great hall - entrance Eric be arrive for a exam - sweaty and distract . real spencer ( v.o. ) across town at U.K. Eric be arrive for he fiscal study exam - which , unsurprisingly , do not go so well . Eric enter the hall with a flood of other student carry pencil case and mascot and find he place at a desk in the centre of the room . he sit down and repeatedly twiddle a pen around he thumb . CUT to : int . eric interview set up real eric the most overwhelming feel of nerve I think I have ever have . even to this day . and the exam definitely do not help . back to : 87 int . university of kentucky , MAIN hall —- day in the hall the student be readying themselves . a big clock at the front of the hall show 9:29 . a supervisor stand near it bark instruction . supervisor when I give you the signal you may turn over you papers . any problem raise you hand and a supervisor will come to you - do not leave you seat or you risk disqualification . and ... ... begin . Eric turn over he paper and we : whip pan to : int . gun shop - day we be look at row of gun and assort weaponry which have be inelegantly decorate with Christmas light and tinsel . caption over : 10:02 angle on Warren - wear shade and a moustache as he hurriedly search the wall . gun shop owner this might be just the thing you mom be look for - the stun master stun Pen - perfect for a handbag or purse and with 600,000 volt it would give someone a nasty surprise . actor warren how long would that disable someone for ? CUT to : i/e . chas 's parent home - day chas 's car screech to a halt in front of he parent 's driveway . he get out and walk around the car and toward we up the path - caption over : 10:22 we be tracking back and follow he glance to a grey dodge caravan with a for sale sticker on the windscreen . 88 real spencer ( v.o. ) the new plan be for chas to get hold of the minivan that he mom be sell the follow day . this would be the gettaway vehicle and the next day it would be in another state with a new owner . chas enter the house and begin rummage in a draw for key . mrs . allen ( 0.s. ) blake , that you ? actor chas no mom , it 's I . she appear in the doorway , a piece of toast in she hand . a professional lady in a trouser suit . int . real mrs . allen oh hey honey , I be just on my way out . do not you have exam today ? actor chas ( still rummage ) yeah , I need to borrow the van , my car 's overheate . mrs . allen well I need it back here this evening - it 's be collect tomorrow . actor chas ( over-react ) Mom ! yes. ok . get it ! - can you just give I the key ? mrs . allen ( angry ) ; you do not need to talk to I like that young man - I suggest you get some more sleep or stop smoking whatever it be you be smoking . CUT to : chas interview set up . real chas I do not mind admit - I want to be the getaway driver cos I want to limit my involvement . I figure if we do get catch , the driver do less time .... I probably get that from a movie . 89 int . warren 's car - day Warren be drive - the stun pen on the seat next to he . he remove the moustache . the image shrink and the screen divide into 4 - the other three window show Eric in he exam , chas shave in the bathroom mirror and Spencer in he Art History exam . we zoom into Spencer 's frame : caption over : 11:00 be int . transy university MAIN hall - exam day whilst other student work away Spencer be watch a female supervisor pace up and down at the front of the hall . he look at the clock which strike 11 . female supervisor pen down please . arrange you papers quietly ensure they be in the correct order . when you have do so you may leave you seat quietly take all personal belonging with you . I say quietly ! before she have finish Spencer be out of he chair , backpack on and try to make he way to the back of the hall through the melee of student who stand up and begin discuss the exam . as he walk toward we he begin talk to camera . actor spencer so now I have exactly one and a half hour to get back , get change , do my , Warren and Eric 's disguise and get to the Library . if we be late it would mean chas and Eric would not make it to they afternoon final on time which be not a option . whip pan to : int . chas 's home - day chas 's mum give he a peck on the cheek and leave the house . as soon as she 's out chas watch for she car to leave the drive before leave the house , collect the steal number plate and power screwdriver from he own car and head for the garage where he begin swapping over the licence plate of the dodge minivan as per the open . int . warren be den - bathroom - day as per the open - we see paraphernalia strewn around a sink - tweezers , glue , makeup , a pair of glass , a fake beard - short clump of hair fall into the sink . 90 the camera pan up to find Warren in the process of turn himself into a old man . he insert a blue contact lens . Spencer burst in sweaty and anxious . actor spencer dude , that 's my wig . CUT to : a shot of the clock we saw at the beginning - second hand ticking loudly . CUT to : int . chas 's parent 's home - bathroom day . Mr pink be transform himself in the bathroom mirror - he pull on a tight cap suddenly give he a bald head and a wrinkle brow . actor chas ( exhaling a deep breath ) oh fuck . it look bizarre but transformative . he reach for a grey moustache and some glue . voice ( 0.s. ) time 's up !... chas react to this by look round as we : CUT to : int . university of kentucky , MAIN hall —- day Eric put down he pen and slump back in he chair - he look a mess . caption over : 11:30 am real eric ( v.o. ) I have no idea what I write on that paper but I pity the poor bastard who have to read it . I just want the whole thing over with . supervisor ... pen down people . please leave the hall in a orderly fashion . Eric get up and make he way out of the hall . CUT to : 91 int . warren be den - bathroom -— day as per the open . Spencer be stare at himself in the mirror - from out of shot he raise a prosthetic nose to he face . he be sweat . Warren be stand next to he apply fake sideburn . actor warren where the fuck be Eric ? CUT to : ext . lexington street - day Close on Eric who be flustered and panting - we pull back to reveal he be cycle across town like a bat out of hell . real spencer ( v.o. ) Eric have 45 minute from the end of he exam to get back to the house , get into he disguise and get to the library ... Eric pull up at the light beside a police car - smile and try to look nonchalant - actually look like a lunatic . CUT to : int . real spencer interview set up real spencer ... I do not know why we think that be go to be possible . I be also beginning to think my idea of be disguise as old man be not such a great one . CUT to : int . chas 's parent home - hallway day . as per the open . chas , in ill-fitting suit with bald head and grey moustache be pace back and forth jangling a set of car key in he right hand - he check he watch , breathes in , grip the car key , close he eye for a breath before briskly open the front door and walk out . int . real eric interview setup real eric do I think if I know what we be get ourselves into I would still go through with it ? er , no . be you kid ? who would ? 92 int . warren 's den - day as per the open , Warren and Spencer disguise as old man put on sport jacket in silence , Spencer put on sunglass , they turn to face each other . actor warren ready ? actor spencer in body . closer in on the clock - tick get louder . int . bathroom - day Eric , sweat and frenzied be frantically get undress and redress in a ill-fitting double - breast grey suit - he go to the mirror where he hurriedly begin to glue on fake sideburn . int . van - day chas - self - conscious as hell - be carefully drive across town . he turn off the soundtrack which play on the radio and sit in torture silence . int . bungalow - live room . the scene we see at the top but this time we be with Warren and Spencer . they be peer through the net curtain as the Van come into view down the street . Warren check he watch . actor warren like clockwork . let 's go . they leave the house and we follow they closely down the path as the van pull up directly in front . they open the door and get in without a word speak . int . bathroom - day Eric make the finish touch to he rapidly assemble disguise . he be ready . he go into the other room , pace , sit down on the edge of the bed beside a black duffel bag , check he watch and wait . closer in on the clock int . van - day Spencer and Warren be in the back while chas drive . 93 actor warren dude can not you go any faster this be kill I . actor chas just take it easy we be on time actor spencer I think I be gonna be sick . up ahead they see Eric wait by the side of the road . ext . residential STREET - day we be with Eric this time as the Van approach . he try the slide side door and find it lock . actor eric unlock the fuck door . the door slide open and he get in leave we behind . int . van - day tense silence on board , white knuckle in the back , then : actor chas you have get to be fuck kid I . actor warren what ? actor chas I think you say the parking lot be go to be vacant ! CUT to : closer still on the clock , the ticking growing louder the tick grow louder and continue to build over the follow scene . back to : ext . campus carpark - day as per the open . the boy in they ludicrous disguise exit the van and gather beside it . actor spencer fuck , we be mile away . actor warren ( to eric ) you get the thing ? 94 actor eric yes I have get the thing . actor warren just stick to the plan . let 's do this . as they turn to go we follow they around the side of the van and track behind they toward the step of the library . the tick build and tension grow - they attempt to walk like old man - Eric have a walk stick . we feel the rush of blood pump in we ear , heartbeat pound , noise distort , everything a little off - a feel of light - head dissociation . we track up the step to the door of the library and through they into : int . transy university library - continuous we be as one of the group - still one shot - the camera move around they - we be back where the picture froze pre- title but this time we push on - we spin round to see they Pov - a silent room full of student and librarian who soon start to become aware of they . Eric be aware that one of he sideburn be peel off . Spencer go to take he place as lookout on a bench near the door where he pretend to read a newspaper . he can see people stare at he curiously - one be the hot girl from he History of Art class who make a puzzle narrowing of the eye . Spencer 's heart skip a beat . Warren head for the stair - Eric position himself at the bottom of the stair face the front desk , chas begin to follow Warren up the stair some distance behind - they move as old man . Warren near the top of the stair - as the special collection section come into view , through the glass door he can see BJ but she be not alone - there be three other woman sit at a table clearly mid-meete . Warren freeze . his Pov - BJ see he freeze on the stair . a weird long beat as they look at one another . int . real BJ interview set up real BJ it be not Halloween and I remember think it be a strange time of year for costume what with exam and all - but with the fraternity you never know what they might be up to . int . real warren interview set up real warren fuck . back to : 95 int . transy university library - staircase - continuous Warren turn around and start head back down the stair . at the bottom Spencer see he and begin to stand up . on the way down he pass chas who be walk up the staircase slowly use the handrail still in character . behind Warren we can see BJ make she way toward the glass door . actor warren ( a loud whisper ) abort ! abort ! actor chas what ? actor warren turn around now - abort . see Warren and chas hurriedly descend , Eric break character and start walk toward they carry he walk stick . student be watch . they all meet near the bottom of the stair . actor warren ( cont ’d ) there 's like four of they up there - we need to abort . actor chas why do not we just wait ? we have not do anything wrong yet . actor spencer I be not stay . actor chas who 's in there - be they man ? woman ? actor warren we be not go to tie up four fuck librarian ! actor eric ( hold one side of he face ) I be about to lose a lamb chop . actor spencer fuck this , I be out of here . Spencer turn and make for the door . ext . transy university library - day ( cont ’d ) we see the door open and Spencer walk brusquely down the step toward we . 96 real spencer ( v.o. ) I know one thing as clearly as I have ever know anything . CUT to : int . real spencer interview set up real spencer I be a useless criminal . I just do not have it in I . maybe they do , but I do not . real spencer ( cont 'd ) the relief of get out of there into the sunshine have do absolutely nothing wrong be glorious . his Pov the tree , the sunshine - student on the lawn - everything 's ok . smash cut to : int . van - day noisy and claustrophobic - the boy be back in the van stripping off they disguise . chas be drive . Warren be crestfallen , the other deflate , Spencer , relieved . actor chas what the fuck man . this be bullshit - I think you say you make a appointment . actor warren I do make a appointment - I do not control who else get to be in the goddam room ! chas break sharply and turn round to address the other . actor chas we need to make another appointment and this time we need to do it right . we have not come this far for nothing . CUT to : ext . gas station - payphone - day Warren wear half he disguise be talk on the payphone use a tony curtis voice that be as unconvincing as he last disguise . 97 actor warren ( on phone ) miss gooch , it 's walter beckman , I do apologize , I be suppose to be with you at 12:30 today and I be afraid I be unavoidably hold up and do not have you number to hand . would you mind terribly if we rearrange ? CUT to : int . van - day from darkness the door slide open revealing Warren stand there grin . actor warren tomorrow at llam . in the back of the van we see Spencer 's face - a look of dread . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer ( in vision and v.o ) I feel like I have be throw a lifebuoy and now it be deflate around I . we have get away with it , I mean we have get away without do anything and now we be plan to go back . int . bathroom —- warren 's basement - afternoon top shot - Warren be lie in the bath shampooing he eyebrow , he sink under the water to rinse he face , come up open he eye and jump - Spencer be perch on the end of the tub - agitate . Warren discreetly cover he private with a flannel . actor spencer I can not go back in there . I be pretty sure someone see I and if we be not use disguise or even if we be I can not be in there . can not do it , it 's suicide , can not do it . Warren take a minute to absorb this . actor spencer ( cont 'd ) well ? Warren look at he . actor warren Fine . 98 Spencer nod , sit in silence for a moment then leave . ext . bungalow / lexington residential street - dusk Spencer walk out of the bungalow and walk down the garden path as he turn onto the sidewalk he start to jog and then run - and then really run . int . real chas interview set up . real chas Way I see it we get away with a trial run . no harm , no foul . now we would do it right . Spencer run through a more build up area int . real eric interview set up real eric we have fail to see it through and to I at that moment , after everything , that seem worse than get catch . Spencer run out of town into the countryside as night fall . int . real warren interview set up real warren ( beat ) ... we have fail to even fail . what can be worse than that ? ext . highway - twighlight Spencer slow and finally stop run , out of breath he hold he knee . he look around become aware of where he be and then he see something . his Pov - in the halflight on the road stand a blue heron , a bird that we recognize from the audubon book in the library . the two stare at one another before the bird walk away into the darkness . int . warren 's den - night the boy be attempt to regroup without Spencer . a diagram . chas be take control - explain thing in front of the heist Wall - walk through the stage of a new plan use Spencer 's scale model . Eric and Warren look uncoonvince . suddenly , they hear something and stop . silence . then Spencer appear , say nothing but take he place among they . nothing say , Warren smile and they continue . 99 caption : Friday , December 17 , 2004 prelap : real spencer ( v.o . ) it be the very last day of final . Eric and I both have exam that afternoon . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer it be decide there would be one gettaway driver who stay in the car during the robbery , Mr pink ... int . van - next day chas , dress normally this time , park the car across from the library and wait , cellphone in hand . real spencer ( v.o. ) ... there would be one lookout outside the library , Mr Green , I , which suite I just fine . ext . dorm block roof - transy campus - day Spencer take up he position with a mobile phone and binocular on the dorm block roof . real spencer ( v.o. ) ... and only two people would enter the library . Warren , Mr yellow , volunteer to be the one to neutralise the librarian - once this be do he would call Mr Black to come bag up the loot . ext . van - day the slide door open and Warren and Eric climb out - it 's a different set up - Warren have die he hair blond . he wear a suit and look focuss . Eric be dress normally - not a word be speak . they wear backpack and clutch black hold - all and walk up the step of the library . here we make a radical tonal shift to what have go before - it 's handheld , ungrade , raw as video , there 's no music and no cut - it 's hard to watch . int . transy university library - continuous Warren sign in and be tell to wait - it seem like a long time . 100 BJ appear and escort he up the stair make small talk which we can barely hear . she seem more kindly than we remember she . she punch the code and open the door . it 's slow , awkward , claustrophobic . Warren be sweat , he follow she in , he fumble in he bag for the tazer , he find it hard to talk . freeze picture . real warren ( v.o. ) I could not do it ... CUT to : int . warren interview setup real warren .-.- I feel so fuck alone up there . I want to run away . the plan be for I to tie she up but I could not . CUT to : int . transy university library - downstair - continuous Eric be sit at a desk watch the door of the scm and hold he cell phone . back to : int . transy library , special collection section - continuous Warren be stand pretend to look at the audubon . actor warren ( mouth dry ) would it be alright if a friend of mine join we ? he 's just downstairs and I know he would love to see this . BJ yes , that would be alright . Warren get out he phone , he hand be shaking . he call Eric . actor warren ( on phone ) would you like to come up now ? int . transy university library - downstair - continuous Eric hang up , look around , take in the student and librarian go about they business and head for the stair to the special Collection 101 int . transy library , special collection section - continuous Warren put the phone down , swallow and make he best effort to smile at BJ who be busy filing index card . before long Eric appear at the door - he see BJ and immediately look at Warren . freeze picture CUT to : int . real eric interview setup actor eric oh fuck int . real warren interview set up Warren say nothing at all - he look at the floor . back to : int . transy library , special collection section Eric shoot Warren a look somewhere between confusion and irritation . BJ May I have you name ? as actor Eric form the letter J with he mouth we cut to real eric real eric ( in vision ) John rutherford back to : BJ you could both be doctor with that name . as BJ turn from the door which she close behind Eric , Warren be suddenly upon she now wear glove - it 's messy and awful - hard to watch - he put a hand over she mouth and clumsily attempt to tazer she repeatedly on the shoulder . her glass fall to the floor and get trample . Eric grab she leg and they lay she down face - down with a nasty bump . her skirt have rise up in a unseemly way and she make distress noise . Warren gag she with duct tape and pull a balaclava over she head back to front as she pee herself . BJ 's beaviour be panic-induc - be she have a seizure ? actor warren quit struggle BJ , we be not here to hurt you , we be here for the book , you be go to be o.k . Zip tie she leg . 102 actor warren ( cont 'd ) zip tie her fucking legs ! BJ do not move , this will all be over in a second . oh Jesus . CUT to : int . real eric interview setup real eric that 's it . we cross the line . we be fuck . I could not bring myself to look at she . back to : int . transy library , special collection section - continuous Eric struggle to put on he glove - he tie BJ 's leg , he face devoid of colour . he get 's up - pull two large bedsheet out of he hold - all and go over to the book and try to start pack they inside the sheet . he can barely lift the first book . actor eric shit - this be too heavy you need to help . actor warren just get the small one first and put they in the backpack . Warren take the key from BJ , get up and begin to look around frenetically for the smaller book - he find the Origin of species and a illustrate manuscript and place they roughly in the backpack along with a couple of other he pull from one of the cabinet . Eric be freeze , anxiously watch the door . actor warren ( cont ’d ) move ! they place one of the audubon on top of a sheet on the floor and begin to wrap it . actor warren ( cont ’d ) get the other one . actor eric what ? we will not be able to carry it ? actor warren we have to - just get the other one ! Quick ! Eric place the other huge audubon on top of the first and wrap they in the sheet - it look too heavy to carry . 103 actor warren ( cont ’d ) ok call the elevator . let 's get out of here . Eric repeatedly press the button to call the staff elevator . he run over to Warren - they put the backpack and holdall on they back and together lift the book wrap in sheet - each take one end . it 's very heavy . the elevator arrive - they struggle in hold the book . int . elevator - day - continuous Inside the elevator the button be numbered 3 , 2 , 1 , B actor warren hit B man , hit B , hurry up ! Eric pull free he leave hand , support the book on he knee - he reach out and accidentally hit both button B and 1 at the same time - oh shit - the door close . the elevator begin to descend they watch the light as 2 go off and 1 illuminate . they exchange a look . they feel the elevator come to a halt at floor 1 . actor eric oh fuck . actor warren shit ! shit - press the door-close button . Press it ! Eric press the button but the door open anyway onto the first floor of the library expose the boy to the entire ground floor . a female librarian about 25 yard away station behind the front desk look in they direction - a frown begin to form on she face and as she begin to turn in they direction the door close . Eric be frantically press the button mark ' B '. finally the door open to the basement . it 's dark and hard to make out . actor eric what the fuck ? Warren put he end of the book down - the boy be wide - eye and sweat . actor warren wait here . keep the door open . Warren rush out into the dark room . actor warren ( cont ’d ) fuck - I can not see shit ! in the darkness we follow he around as he bump into thing and desperately search for a exit or even a light switch . it 's hard to make out anything . rising panic - a headless chicken . he return to the elevator . 104 actor eric we be stick in a steel box - we can not stay here , this be bad - this be really fuck bad . actor warren we be gonna have to make a run for it - press 1 . they get back in the lift - time seem to slow down - eventually the elevator door open onto the ground floor - the librarian be nowhere to be see . actor warren ( cont ’d ) Quick , quick - let 's go . the fire exit ! as they shuffle out of the elevator Eric turn around to face forward so they can run whilst still carry the book - they head for the fire exit like some craze four legge animal - they start to make they way down the stair - a handful of student have stand up to see what the cause of the commotion be . they descend the stair at dangerous speed - suddenly the most ghastly inaudible cry from behind they . the female librarian - large , incense and apparently fearless be chase they scream . female librarian they be robbing we ! they be robbing we ! they drop the antique book which slide out of the bedsheet and down the stair . ext . transy university library - FIRE exit - continuous chas 's Pov as the boy burst out of the exit and scramble . Warren take off in the opposite direction and Eric stand scan for the gettaway car . i/ E. van - day actor chas ( see they burst out ) oh shit . chas reverse the Van out fast and nearly knock down the scream librarian who start bang on the rear window - chas drive forward and screech to a halt next to Eric ... CUT to : ext . dorm block roof , transy campus - continuous Spencer 's Pov - he see this , realise it 's all go badly wrong . 105 angle on Spencer who react by ducking down out of site as if he 's be shot at - face to the roof asphalt , breathe heavily in the dirt . he close he eye . Black . prelap : i/e. van - day - continuous ... from black the door slide open and Eric jump in . actor eric go ! go , go go . actor chas where 's the book ? actor eric where the fuck be Warren ? chas navigate the horseshoe - shape driveway in front of the library , pick up too much speed as they round the side of the building . they swerve to narrowly avoid hit a oncoming car , as they do so Warren come career out of nowhere on foot - chas hit the break just as he be about to run he over . Warren bounce off the front of the van and be knock hard onto he back but get up quickly and jump in the passenger door . Inside the van Warren be throw backwards as he attempt to shut the passenger door and chas take off . Warren sit down and suddenly vomit all over himself and the dashboard . actor chas oh Jesus ! actor warren just fuck drive . chas hit the break too late as they reach the main street - the van fly out into the traffic , tire screeching as he narrowly avoid hit a car - two car behind collide with one another . CUT to : four consecutive shot of the 4 lad in interview setup - none of they speak but each look as though they be absorb the memory of the event - we stay on Warren : int . real warren interview set up real warren what the hell have we just do ? back to : 106 int . van - day Eric be freaking out , Warren be cover in puke and chas be drive like a lunatic . distant siren . Eric and Warren get in the back of the van and immediately begin change into a different set of clothes and bag up they old one . actor warren slow down man you be go to kill we all . actor eric fuck , fuck , fuck - we fuck up so bad . actor chas where be the book ? actor eric ( angry ) we drop the fuck book ! they be too heavy . how can we not have know that ? how can we not have know how heavy they be ? actor chas so we get nothing ? actor eric man we fuck this up so bad . actor warren I have something . Warren reach into he backpack and pull out the illuminate manuscript from 1425 , a set of the two-volume 15 th - century masterpiece , hortus sanitatis and audubon 's a synopsis of the bird of North America . actor warren ( cont ’d ) ( to Eric ) dude , what 's in you bag ? Eric realise he 's still get the hold - all on he back - he take it off , open it and pull out on the Origin of species by means of Natural selection by Charles darwin . actor eric shit . ext . transy university campus - day Spencer dump he binocular in a trash bin as he walk across the quad in front of the main hall - some distance away Police car be arrive outside the library , light flash - cop spill out of the car and up the library step just as we follow Spencer up step and into the exam hall , we hear murmur ' someone 's rob the library 's - he sit down at he desk and take out he pencil case . 107 real spencer ( v.o. ) from what I have see , the whole thing have go to shit . CUT to : int . van - lexington street - outskirt - day chas slam on the break and they look around . a low - income neighbourhood on the wrong side of the track . actor chas get out , get out ! we should not be see in this van together . I need to get it back by 1:30 and it 's cover in goddam puke . in 1l come back for you in my car - just sit tight ok . Warren and Eric stand by the side of the road watch chas drive away - catch the wind by donavan start to play . the mood be calm , anticlimactic , surreal . the screen split into multiple frame and we rotate through the follow montage of shot : int . transy university MAIN hall - day Spencer sit in he exam . i/e. van - day chas wash down the car in he mother 's front yard , hold he nose to stop himself gag from the puke . he swap the licence plate back over and put the for-sale sign back on the van . ext . lexington outskirt - day Warren and Eric be on the wrong side of town - they sit wait with the backpack at they foot . they become aware of a group of thug pay a interest in they from the porch of a nearby house so they start walk . eventually chas pull alongside they in he car - they get in . int . transy library , special collection section - day BJ be sit in shock - a mug of tea in she hand , she be surround by other concerned librarian and police officer . ext . rubbish tip - day chas pull up at a recycle dump where he and Warren dispense of the bag , they clothes , the tazer , glove , etc . 108 int . university of kentucky , MAIN hall Eric arrive for he afternoon exam sweaty and dishevel . int . chas 's bedroom - day chas lie down on he bed and stare at the ceiling - he pull a gun from he bedside table and lie with it on he chest . int . transy university MAIN hall Spencer 's exam end and he leave the hall . we see he walk past the library . the area have be cordon off with police tape and half a dozen cop car be still park up . int . bathroom - day Warren dy he hair back from blonde to dark - he pause to look at himself in the mirror . voice ( 0.s. ) transy University be today the unlikely scene of a elaborate ... close on a television playing real news archive : male news anchor .-+- and meticulously plan robbery . helen robart have more . helen - ( at the scene ) the audacious robbery be carry out in broad daylight today when three man force they way into the special collection Museum , home to some of America 's most valuable book . once inside they tazer and violently restrain a female librarian before make off with what be believe to be antiquity worth million of dollar ... angle on the four boy who be stand in silence in Warren 's de - eye fix on the tv . helen -— ( cont 'd ) Police say the group be highly professional and know exactly what they be look for ... actor warren highly professional - you hear that ? actor spencer shush - sh! listen - 109 helen the four man make off ... actor chas four ? how would they know there be four of we ? actor spencer shush ! helen — «+. a grey dodge minivan . Police be appeal for anyone who believe they may have information ... actor warren they have get nothing ! seriously . if they have something they have be put out photo - fit - they do not even know how many of we be in the van ! actor spencer they get a pretty damn good description of it . actor chas with false plate . and guess what ? that van ' 's probably in Indiana by now . they join arm and start to dance a kind of celebratory jig - even Spencer who be reticent join in - the relief - a moment of what feel like joyful friendship that might bond they together for all time . they spin around sing , scream and laugh as fugazi 's ' wait room 's fade in . the picture freeze and the sound echoe over : int . eric 's ford exlorer - night close on car stereo a hand turn off the music . Inside the car Spencer drive , chas and Eric be stone or asleep in the back and Warren sit read in the passenger seat . in he hand be the steal first edition of darwin 's Origin of species . actor warren ( read aloud ) -.. " not one of we domestic animal can be name which have not in some country droop ear ; and the view which have be suggest that the droop be due to disuse of the muscle of the ear , from the animal be seldom much alarmed , seem probable '' . Far out . d’you understand what this mean dude ? 110 actor eric ( from the back - eye still close ) it mean that we have evolve to a point where we be no longer equip to survive . we be equip only to consume and die . actor warren exactly , it 's not just pet - it 's we . we be so use to be spoon feed that we muscle have withere - we brain have withere . we be alive but we have forget why . actor eric I know what I be live for . actor chas ( half asleep ) to munch cock .. they laugh except for Spencer who watch the road . angle on Spencer drive . int . real highway and snowb ! int . real real spencer ( v.o . ) in my mind I think I be do with it at this point . we have fuck up , we do not even have the book we promise the dutch guy . but we do get some of they so the next thing be to get they appraise before they show up in the system as steal ... CUT to : spencer interview set up real spencer ( in vision ) .-+.- this be in the plan and I guess now we have to see it through to the bitter end . back to : - the car speed into the night - laden with skis oard as before chas interview set up . real chas I didnt agree with it . I do not even want to go with they to New York but I feel like I have to because if they fuck up again , we would all pay the price . 111 int . HOTEL room - day actor chas forget it - I be not go in . I be tell you this be a bad fuck idea . actor warren chas you be the one who 's work at a auctioneer - you know more about this shit than any of we . actor chas no way , this be a whole different ball - game . I be just say I be not go in there to incriminate myself on cctv . actor warren well Spencer 's the only one who know about the book so he have to go and if you be not gonna man - up for it chas then I will fuck do it . actor chas if you go in there Warren you better have a answer for everything - I be not kid . you slip up and we be all fuck . you stick to the backstory - do not give any other personal information away , you understand ? anything that do not smell right , grab the book and get the hell out of there . be you listen ? actor warren I handle the danish dude , I think I can handle some suit man . hey , do anyone know how you tie a tie ? int . christie foyer room - day partly real cctv - classical music , a marble - floor foyer with tastefully decorate Christmas Tree , a modigliani , a large uniform doorman and a attractive receptionist . Spencer and Warren sit fidget in silence . real spencer ( v.o. ) no disguise this time - we go in look sophisticated , serious . Warren wear a blue suit , overcoat and cravat and Spencer wear a canary yellow sport jacket and beige 70 's dress - shirt complete with ruffle ( seriously ) . between they be a wheelie bag . actor warren ( a half whisper ) just how we plan it eh brother . here we be - just you and I . ( more ) 112 actor warren ( cont 'd ) do you ever think you would be sit right here , right now ... a officious and attractive young woman in a red suit , melanie halloran , approach they - professional and hard to read . ms halloran Mr Williams and Mr stephen ? I be Melanie halloran , Mr leckey 's deputy . actor warren ( stand up ) good to meet you miss halloran , I be jesse stephen he 's Spencer Williams . Spencer shoot Warren a look . ms halloran I be so sorry , Mr leckey have be draw away to a public auction . but if you be happy to proceed I can try to help and then liaise with Thomas upon he return . actor warren the only thing be Melanie , that the man we work for , Mr beckman , be very particular and specifically request that we meet with Mr leckey - be he likely to be back today ? ms halloran I would hope so but I can not say for sure - this thing can drag on . I would hate for you to wait and for he not arrive in time . Williams and stephen exchange a quick look . int . real actor warren ( all smile ) well I guess we should go ahead with you then . melanie halloran interview setup . real ms halloran they say they work for a wealthy collector in Boston , that they have travel to New York specially on he behalf . they make a big thing about how reclusive Mr beckman be . I just recall that they be very strangely dress , very strangely . one of they hardly speak . I ask they ... 113 int . christie apraisal room - day ms halloran ..- what else can you tell I about the provenance of the book ? actor warren well , Mr beckman inherite the book some year ago and now wish to realise they value through a private sale . that 's really all the information he give we . ms halloran absolutely beautiful be not they ... actor spencer the heron . ms halloran I be sorry ? actor spencer uh , the heron - a couple of page in , I think she 's beautiful . Melanie eye he as if he be a endear weirdo . from Warren , a flicker of irritation . ms halloran they be absolutely exquisite example . so I will discuss all this with Mr leckey and then we can be in touch regard the estimate and step toward a private sale . actor warren well , you see , we be kind of hope to be able to supply Mr beckman with a estimate today . ms halloran I be afraid I can not give you that without Mr lecke 's sign - off and he may wish to view the book personally . be there a number we can reach you on while you be in New York ? angle on Spencer . freeze picture . real spencer ( v.o. ) and here 's why I be not cut out for this . actor chas ( 0.s. ) when you say wait for they call - you mean at the hotel ? 114 int . eric 's ford exlorer - new york STREET - day the boy have regroupe in the car . Eric in the driver 's seat , chas beside he and Warren and Spencer in the back . actor spencer no , on my cell . a slow dawn on Spencer . actor chas ( animated ) on which cell ? actor warren ( realise what they have do ) yeah , we maybe should not have give they you cell number . chas explode actor chas be you out of you fuck tiny mind - this be not a game ! this be serious shit - I be not go to prison because you guy be fuck incompetent . no , this be not happen , you have get to be kid I ! Ring you cell phone number ! - ring it now ! he thrust he cellphone at Spencer . actor chas ( cont ’d ) Fucking ring it ! ok , I will ring it for you dipshit . he put the phone on loud speaker - it go to voicemail . spencer 's voicemail ' sup this be Spence . Drop it like it 's hot . actor chas ( shouting ) do that sound like a fuck art dealer to you ? actor eric we can change the message chas - actor chas shut up Eric . shut the fuck up ! ( threaten ) you need to go in there and get whatever piece of paper that have you phone number on it back right fuck now - because I shit you not , that number be go to put we all in jail you fuck little asshole . 115 actor warren just calm down man - there 's nothing ... actor chas ( lose it ) do not tell I to calm down - you be send we all to jail you fuck idiot ! do you understand what I be say or be you too fuck stupid ? chas reach into the footwell between he leg and start pull clothes and toiletry violently out of he bag and then suddenly produce a gun and turn round point it into the back - everyone scream . freeze picture . real spencer the gun . yeah , no one see that come . real warren gun ?! there be never a gun . I have no memory of chas ever pull a gun . I feel like I would definitely remember that . real eric all I could think be the gun be go to go off like that scene in pulp fiction and Warren or Spencer 's brain be go to be all over the back of my car and we would all be go to prison for hundred of year for a totally different crime . unfreeze picture : int . real actor chas ( scream ) this be my life you be fuck with . this be not a game you incompetent fuck . you need to go back in there and get that number back - I do not give a fuck what you think you know - you have kill we - you have fuck shot we all in the head . you stupid stupid cunt . chas interview set up . real chas I lose it . my frustration with they be my frustration at myself for get involved with people who be ultimately totally incompetent . I feel like my life be slip away from I and for they it be some kind of game . interviewer why do you have a gun with you ? 116 real chas honestly , I do not even stop to think it be illegal in New York - cos in kentucky you can legally carry a gun . interviewer but why do you own one ? real chas er , protection I guess . everyone in kentucky have a gun . int . eric 's ford exlorer - dusk silence in the car - Eric drive . Spencer read from one of the steal book and Warren sleep . the shine have come off . chas gaze out the window . rain . real spencer ( v.o. ) no one be go back to get the number - that would have arouse even more suspicion . we drive through the night in silence , not much be say on the way home . I guess everyone be just alone with they thought about the future and wonder what we be go do next . the plan be to sit on the book until the dust settle then find a buyer closer to home . ext . transy campus - dawn Spencer get out of the car outside he dorm block . the other three stay in the car . the mood be sombre . actor spencer see you guy around I guess . I will call by some time next week . actor warren and eric see you man . actor chas hey , no hard feeling ok Spence ? actor spencer Nah , it 's cool man . see you around . we be in the car as it start to pull off - we watch Spencer turn and walk in the direction of the dorm block until he be out of sight . teenage wasteland by the who fade up and continue to play over the follow series of shot . 117 int . reinhard family home , dinner table - night the same convivial family dinner - Spencer 's parent and brother and sister laugh at something but Spencer be distant - not really present . int . university of kentucky , lecture theatre - day Eric sit in a economics seminar - something about the danger of a property bubble and the overvaluation of bundle mortgage . Eric be mile away . int . community hall - party - night Warren 's grandparent 100th anniversary party . he wear the same blue suit he wear to christy - he look around at all the elderly people with liver spot and shaky hand - he grand parent exchange a gummy kiss and everyone cheer . int . chas 's house - live room - day chas on he exercise bike , lift weight whilst watch the final scene from the asphalt jungle - in which the fatally wounded hero return home to breathe he last breath in a sun-drenched meadow near where he be bear - kentucky . int . warren 's den - night slow push in on a pile of book wrap in a sleep bag underneath Warren 's bed . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer everything have change but nothing be different . we have cross a line and now we have to try to cross back ... int . campus bar - university of kentucky - night Eric be sit alone at the bar . drunk - behind he a bunch of frat boy cavort loudly - some of whom we recognise . the camera track across the bar to find real eric ( dress identically ) sit next to actor Eric - real eric speak to camera : real eric nothing have change - the only difference be it be now somehow even more intolerable . 118 the camera track back to actor eric who turn around and steam violently into the middle of the group of frat boy - arm flail wildly - soon they get the better of he and he be on the floor be pummele - he look strangely serene . real spencer ( v.o. ) I be spend less time with the other . Eric get into a bunch of fight and then get arrest for a DUI . ext . eric 's ford exlorer - night we be racing along beside Eric who be drive like a bat out of hell with the window down - Bank robber by the clash blaring on the stereo - a fat lip , black eye and a weird smile on he face . we hear a police siren wail , he check the rear view mirror and put he foot down further . real spencer ( v.o . ) the most fuck up thing be when Eric get catch drunk drive ... the camera boom up to reveal Warren cling to the roof - rack - whooping like a lunatic and bang on the roof to go faster . real spencer ( v.o. ) ... Warren be hang off the roof . int . eric interview setup real eric the thing I could never understand at the time be why they just let we off with a caution . int . unknown location - day a shot of the pointillist process we have see before - now much more fluid and practice - the magazine , the cut , the glue , the transfer of pigment to the image which , whilst we can not clearly make out , we can see it have grow in scale and detail . int . spencer' bedroom - night top shot as Spencer lie in bed - he sit up wide - eye with a jolt as if emerge from a nightmare . real spencer ( v.o. ) then one night I just wake up in the middle of the night with a sudden dreadful realisation . 119 ext . lexington residential street / bungalow - night Spencer be run down the street in a robe , slipper and pajamas . he arrive at the bungalow and begin knock on Warren 's basement window . he ( and we ) get a terrible fright as he spin round to find Warren stand behind he with a baseball bat . actor warren what the fuck be you do - you scared the shit out of I . actor spencer the e-mail . we be fuck . we use the same e-mail address . actor warren what be you talk about ? actor spencer walter beckman . we use the same e-mail address to e-mail the library as we use to e-mail christy . they ’1ll find halloran and they 'il find the phone number . chas be right - we be fuck . we see the truth of this settle upon Warren . real spencer ( v.o. ) and that 's when the paranoia set in . although do not they say it 's not paranoia if someone 's really out to get you . int . real eric interview setup real eric I find it unbearable to tell you the truth . ext . bungalow - day Eric be put a piece of scotch tape across the door jam like redford in the sting . int . real chas interview set up . real chas to I it be when and not if . I be not plan to stick around for the shit to hit the fan so I make plan to take a semester off and try to figure out how I could leave town for a while . 120 int . chas 's bedroom - night chas be sit at he desk with a gun in he lap - turn the desk lamp on and then off - he sit in darkness look out at the street . a car slow down as it pass the house , he crouch down . int . transy university , art history classroom - day as the lecturer talk , a agitate Spencer be watch a male student across the room . real spencer ( v.o. ) a new student start on my course . he also move into the fourth floor dorm . I be convinced he be a undercover cop . the student in question become aware of Spencer stare - he return a half - smile and a acknowledge nod . Spencer stare back grimly . real spencer the crazy thing be , I be right about the undercover cop - I be just wrong about who it be . from the reverse on Spencer we pull focus to a older- look female student a couple of desk behind - she eye fix on Spencer . ext . bungalow - day Warren be leave the house - he become aware of a gardener on the opposite side of the street , a bin man , a man ina pass car - all of whom , in he mind , seem to be watch he . he break into a run . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer hard to describe that feel . when you know you be on borrow time , thing be suddenly put in perspective .... int . reinhard family home , dinner table Spencer sit at the dinner table surround by he family - they be laugh and eat and chink glass - something be celebrate , Spencer be tipsy and seemingly overcome with love for he family . caption : february 10 , 2005 121 real spencer ( v.o . ) .-.- thing seem better than you ever remember they be ... because maybe you know it 's all about to disappear . int . supermarket - night tinny elevator music - row upon row of product - endless iteration of the same thing in different package . we reveal this to be Warren 's Pov . - he be peruse almost desert supermarket aisle without purpose - he wheel a empty trolly through a technicolor corridor of breakfast cereal . int . reinhard family home , front door - later dinner 's over , Spencer be leave . mr reinhard sure you be alright to drive Spence ? you have a couple . mrs . reinhard ( 0.s. ) honey , stay the night if you need to . actor spencer Nah , I get a big day tomorrow . I love you guy - I will see you soon . he give he dad a overly long hug and walk out the door . int . supermarket - night Warren be place some object in he shopping trolley - quintessentially american junk food , cheese wizz , hot pocket , a ' hungry man 's ready meal proudly advertising its content 'a full pound of food 's . he open the freeze meal freezer , pull out a box of Chicken alfredo , scan the ingredient - he Pov - a litany of e-number , xantham gum , msg and stabilizer . he look around before stashing it under he coat . int . spencer 's acura legend - night snow have begin to fall - Spencer be at the wheel . as he drive we see he Pov - the snow light up by he headlight , fall harder now - hard to see too far ahead - reminiscent of a year ago . angle on Spencer drive - suddenly he close he eye . 122 int . supermarket - night Warren push he shopping trolley down a empty aisle of the supermarket then shove it and watch it drift away on its own - he turn and walk past the cashier toward the exit clutching the steal ready meal under he coat . as he near the exit he hear : male voice ( 0.s. ) Excuse I sir . sir. stop - stop right there . int . spencer 's acura legend - night Spencer , eye close and speed into the snowy night - we hear the revving of the engine - finally he eye snap open but too late - he smashes violently into the back of a car wait at traffic light . int . supermarket - night Warren begin to run . he turn to throw the ready meal at the pursue security guard who bat it away and tackle he just as he get outside the automatic door of the store . Warren , pin to the snowy ground look into camera . int . chas 's bedroom - night Eric burst in on chas who startles and reach for the gun that he have on the desk , fumble it and send it fly across the desk and out of the open window . actor eric Warren 's be arrest and I can not reach Spencer . we need to get out of here . actor chas fuck . fuck . where be we go to go ? actor eric Canada , we should go to Canada . I have a cousin there . chas be already up and throw clothes into a rucksack . actor chas you serious ? I be think more along the line of a motel . actor eric we could get on a bus tonight . actor chas go pack you shit then . 123 actor eric ( suddenly hearing something ) sh! what 's that ? actor chas what ? actor eric ( a terse whisper ) there 's someone in the house . they tiptoe out of the room and edge slowly down the stair where they can clearly hear that there 's someone downstairs . chas pick up a dumbbell and put on a american football helmet and Eric grab a walk stick as they go tentatively from room to room in relative darkness . the sound be come from the basement , Warren 's de . they edge toward it . as they reach the bottom of the stair they can see the place have be ransacke - or have it ? - they turn the corner and come face to face with Warren - they all jump out of they skin . int . real actor warren fuck , you scared the shit out of I . actor eric I hear you would be arrest . actor warren yeah , it be a misunderstanding - they let I go . actor chas what do you mean ? what do they arrest you for Warren ? chas interview set up . real chas something be not right . besides Warren be a fuck idiot . you do not bust someone for shoplift then just let they walk free - that do not sit right . same with Spencer , he total he car and they just let he walk home ? it do not add up . int . warren 's den - night Warren sit in bed read the rum Diary by the light of a lava-lamp . we hear what he 's read in v.o. actor warren ( v.o . ) '' tell they it 's fear of the sack . tell they this man be flee St Louis because he suspect the sack be come down on he and it 's full of something ugly ... 124 int . spencer' dormroom - night . Spencer lie in bed stare at the ceiling . actor warren ( v.o. ) ..- and he do not want to be put in with it . he sense it from afar ... int . real spencer interview set up Real Spencer look calmly into the camera , silent . actor warren ( v.o. ) ... this man be not a model youth . he grow up with two toilet and a football ... int . eric 's bedroom - night . Eric be propped up in bed attempt to stay awake but slowly drop off . actor warren ( v.o. ) .-- but somewhere along the line he get warpe . now all he want be out , flee ... int . real eric interview setup Eric look calmly into the camera say nothing . actor warren ( v.o . ) .--- and he do not give a good shit for St. Louis or he friend or he family or anything else ... int . chas 's bedroom - night chas lie asleep with a gun in he hand rest on he chest . actor warren ( v.o. ) .-- he just want to find some place where he can breathe ... int . warren 's den - night Warren be drop off - he eye close slowly ... actor warren ( v.o. ) ( drowsily ) some place where he can breathe ... be that good enough for you ? '' Warren fall asleep and as he arm drop to he side and the book fall to the floor - we jump out of our skin at the sound of a almighty crash as we smash cut to : 125 int . bungalow - front door - night the splintering of wood as the front door burst open follow by torchlight and shouting rake the interior of the house as the FBI flood through door and window . the action slow to slo - mo and slower still - sync-sound drop away as offenbach 's barcarolle ( or the like ) swell and we see the boy awaken rudely to the reality of what 's happen around they . Eric attempt to climb out he window onto the roof where he be meet with spotlight and threat to lie down with he hand on he head , chas reach for he gun and find himself at the top of the stair face a scream FBI agent point a shotgun at he . another housemate and he girlfriend awake naked , terrify and bewilder . at transy campus Spencer 's dorm be raid - he sit up in bed with a look of mild relief on he face . Warren awake in the basement where beam of white torch light pierce the floorboard . he sit up in bed and listen to the mayhem above - then lie back down . we be high and wide push in on Warren as he stare calmly up at we until he be finally find - light up by torchlight and then drag roughly from frame . black . we see real news archive from the arrest . real spencer ( v.o. ) what be fear ? fear be a emotion design to protect you from harm . it make you avoid danger , prevent you make a silly mistake and get eat by a bear or some shit . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer but like darwin say - it 's a emotion most of we do not run into a whole lot - not real fear anyway . the kind a caveman might have have to deal with . so we look for new way to experience something like it ... as per the open - we be drive through suburban lexington everything green , genteel and placid . Old man prune hedge , a kid bounce soundlessly on a trampoline ... the same image we see in the open montage . real spencer ( cont ’d ) ... to feel like we be really alive . 126 int . unknown location - day we pull back from the shot we have see repeatedly as the anonymous hand fill a last remain white space with a small point of coloured pigment transfer from a piece of coloured magazine page . slowly we pull back and out to reveal that we be hover above a artist in prison overall who be at work on the floor of a prison cell where he have create a huge pointillist image make up hundred of thousand of dot of colour on dozen of sheet of a4 paper and slowly the image become clear to we . it 's a vivid , exceptional and very different rendering of John James audubon heron - the one Spencer meet on the highway . angle on the artist take in he work - it 's actor Spencer , older with a long beard and long hair - a long long way from the kid we first meet . real spencer ( v.o. ) there have be many time when I have wonder how it 's possible that we go through with it . how all the piece fall into place ... angle Spencer 's Pov - the paint face of Warren . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer I have never say this to Warren but I be not sure whether the memory I have of the guy I see in the park that day ... ext . bryant park , new york - flashback - day the scene from Spencer 's Pov of the man with the scarf and pony tail - reverse on Spencer - he Pov - suddenly it 's the man with the white hair that Warren describe - reverse on Spencer again frown slightly - he Pov again and there 's no one there just Warren wait by the hot dog stand . real spencer ( v.o. ) ..- be a memory of a guy I see , or a memory of a guy Warren tell I I see . and I bet if you ask Eric or chas they have probably wonder , as I have , if Warren ever really do go to Amsterdam ? ext . lexington airport departure - flashback - day we see Warren hugging Spencer goodbye as we do before - he walk off into the airport and the camera crane up to the upper level - arrival - where Warren emerge and jump in a taxi . 127 real spencer or if he do go to Amsterdam - do he ever meet any art-dealer ? do they even exist . int . amsterdam cafe - flashback - day Warren enter the cafe where he meet the shady dealer - he look around but this time they be not there . he sit down , fire up a joint and order pancake . real spencer ( v.o. ) for all I know Warren send that e-mail to himself . int . real eric interview setup real eric yeah , I guess I have at time wonder if any of that be true . ha ! ( laugh ) but I know Warren , and he will stick to he story until the day he die . int . real warren interview set up we see what seem like b-roll from Warren 's interview - as lovable , mischievous and unknowable as ever . real spencer ( v.o. ) and you know what ? it do not even matter anyway if there never be a buyer for the book . int . real spencer interview set up real spencer I probably would do it again . not because I do not feel terrible about what we do to we parent or that poor lady ... we see real footage and photo of the boy pre - heist , gradually grow up - good , wholesome kid , preppy and conservative , we see shot of they real high school graduation . real spencer ( v.o. ) .».. or that I do not wish I have not spend 7 year of my youth in jail and destroy my future . ( beat ) real spencer ( in vision ) I do not want that future . 128 we see real photo of they taken in prison —- shocking and unrecognizable - they be in rag , with long hair and long beard - survivor of a shipwreck . int . spencer' parent 's home —- interview setup Spencer 's real parent be sit together on the sofa - hold hand - as per the begin . int . real int . real int . real real spencer' dad what we go through I can best describe as grief . I do not think the sentencing be fair at all . they be child . Girls mature faster . boy be still child at that age . what more proof do you need than this ? eric interview setup real eric you will probably consider this bullshit - it do not matter to I either way . but jail be the best thing that could have happen to I - not cos I need to be punish , although I do , but because whatever be expect of I on the outside , I be free of all of it in there . materialism , vanity , ego , all that - there 's no place for it there . I be set free . quite the paradox huh ? spencer interview setup real spencer aprendi hablar espanol ... ( Spencer deliver some of the follow speech in Spanish ) I share a cell with a black guy . I meet people I would never have meet in my life and they teach I more than college ever would have . I feel true fear . I laugh a lot and I cry a lot . I have a seven year sabbatical from the world . it be like a second childhood almost . warren interview set up real warren we be the one percent . one percent white in a black and latino jail . one percent rich and one percent educate . but in there it do not count for shit . ( more ) 129 real warren ( cont 'd ) I feel like it 's not until you lose everything that maybe you begin to find something . I open a portal and I walk through it . int . real betty jean gooch interview setup real BJ you can dress it up however you want . the idea that this be about something other than a group of ruthless , reckless , selfish vandal try to make a fast buck be just garbage . this people be the lowest of the low - they do not even steal out of necessity . they be animal and they represent all that be wrong with we society . cut to black . caption : 2015 it 's present day and we see Real Eric work as a valet - open door for wealthy couple in dinner jacket arrive for a function . real spencer ( v.o. ) I have be out of prison for a year and I be not sure what the future hold . we see present day footage of Real chas work as a personal trainer in a upmarket health club in Santa monica ... real spencer ( v.o . ) but what I do know be that good or bad , it 's ours , mine - and no one else 's ... we see present day footage of Warren - sit in a lecture theatre - back at University of some sort . real spencer ( v.o. ) ... we steal it ... we see present day doc footage of Real Spencer at what appear to be a exhibition of he artwork . we see he brother , sister and parent - loving and supportive as always . we cut outside to see that the exhibition be take place in a twee little art gallery in a nice boring part of lexington . CUT to : real spencer ( in vision ) -.- and I can live with that . 130 we cut to image of lexington - life be quietly live out , we go wider and wider until we be back where we start : ext . space - day the earth turn slowly in Space . a distant radio crackle - a advertisement for a zero deposit finance plan '' finally you can afford the life you deserve ... "