american god '' the bone orchard '' write by bryan fuller & Michael Green base on the novel by Neil gaiman 1.2.15 '' this be the story of how we begin to remember ... '' - Paul Simon a title card , please : '' somewhere in america '' and we fade in on : queen NY , see from above . a GOD 's eye view . doesn ’t matter which . pick you favorite . float down to ... a old brick build ... push in past the FIRE escape ... to peak inside the window ... into ... int . mrs . fadil 's apartment . evening . close on : a pot . bubbling on the stove . close on : a old hairless cat . mewing at ... close on : a rickety old wooden stool , tipping precariously . we be in a fusty grandmother 's apartment . fade rug , ethnic smell . Old world egyptian food on the stove and near ready . mrs . fadil be 68 , squat and exact . and right now stand on the creaky , teeter stool ... reach way up a top shelf to get a jar of preserve lemon . we fear for a awful fall . the cat hiss . the stool rights . she get what she need just fine and step down . she chide the cat , accent thick mrs . fadil mind you own . the cat keep fix on the stool . she return to the stew simmer on the stove . slice and stir . tastes . mrs . fadil perfect . too good for they , eight grandchild , each smart as a table . assaf with he music ... sound like you . the cat mews again tunelessly . mrs . fadil no , it 's too early to fry the onion . assaf like they crisp . ( taste again , frown ) not perfect . more cinnamon . she step to the creaky stool -- about to teeter when -- a knock at the door stop she from climb again . mrs . fadil assaf ? I tell you no come before 5 ! and no bring I more laundry ! I tell you I be do be you may -- she open the door , surprised to find not she grandson but ... a large , severe , gorgeous dark man . he speak as one accustom to have he word carve in stone . and if in he eye you should see you ancestor wave do not be surprised . this be anubis . mrs . fadil you be in wrong floor . the black people family be upstairs . anubis no mistake . you be to come with I . Mrs. fadil . you have die , Mrs. fadil . and it be time for you to come with I . a beat as she study he . first skeptical . then annoyed . mrs . fadil I not go anywhere . I have company soon , if you be here to rob then rob and go . there be a television and I have a phone my grandson say be also a camera . anubis step in , weary . use to this . firm and sympathetic : anubis I wish I be but a thief . I amnot . I be of death . you be dead , Mrs. fadil . he point . on the kitchen floor -- by the overturn stool -- be her body . unmove . Left eye blood-speck . neck bent at a impossible angle . death have little dignity . mrs . fadil that be I . anubis that be you . ( go distant ) you family will come soon and find you . they will do right by you body and bury you as be proper . they will be sad for a time and then they will find happiness again . you assaf will marry in a year and name be first daughter for you . Mrs. fadil take she time take this in . mrs . fadil a bullshit middle name ? he smile . it be beautiful . anubis a bullshit middle name . not much choice , she accept this . leans to inspect she body . mrs . fadil this be how they will find I ? she adjust she skirt . straighten a leg . suddenly -- she turn on he . Studies he . mrs . fadil this be a Muslim home . why do anubis hold out he hand for I ? anubis it be my thanks . he stare out . his eye go shimmery , reflective and in they we catch glimpsis of the image he describe . anubis you be once a girl with you own tita . who teach you the way of Egypt old , of when the Nile be full and flooding . she tell you the storey ... of the Wolf and the jackal ... the Red wind and the nine Broken seal ... of the child of bast ... mrs. fadil I remember . anubis you do . he open a closet . secrete away , wrap in satin , be a thin but well - keep stuffed catskin on a pole . a anubis fetish . anubis you keep this for I . now you be the tita and you have teach you assaf to keep it when you fall . for that -- I bring you to the scale . come . she do not come . but lower the heat on the stove toa simmer . put a spoon in she stew , hold it out for he . mrs . fadil my family will find I , they will not try it . you taste . beat . anubis take the smallest sip . enough to mean it : anubis it be perfect . mrs. fadil ( she know it ) 68 year . not much for America , but more than my tita ever pray for . anubis come . he be of a sudden by the fire escape . Hand outstretch . it be not a question . Mrs. fadil swallow and ... ext . FIRE escape . mrs . fadil 's build . evening . ... she climb behind anubis . nimble and dauntless . one flight ... another ... they climb ... and climb ... and goddammit if the cat do not follow leaping behind they . another flight . they should have reach the roof by now . mrs . fadil how many stair ? she look up at anubis . he peer back down at she . his head briefly that of a jackal . wide on the build . the wall go up for mile . no end in sight . Mrs. fadil and anubis tiny against it . with each floor they climb reality and physics become less consistent or important . the world less like the world ... until finally ... close on : the top of a ladder . anubis climb off . Mrs. fadil after . she look up , eye instantly fill with wonder mrs . fadil this be not queen . anubis this be not queen . ext . desert oasis . evening . tawny sand under a burnish sunset . date palm slow dance with the khamsin . pyramid in the distance . star above . anubis offer Mrs. fadil a seat on a blanket . the cat leap onto she lap . he offer date and tea from a tray . she decline . he remove the tray , revealing : a set of scale . anubis you be comfortable . meh. anubis produce a long feather . reaches out ... he hand disappear into her chest . withdraws holding ... her heart . it beat two final time . go still in he hand . mrs . fadil I be use that -- ! anubis we shall see if you use it well . mrs . fadil I -- be unkind to the first boy who love I . I steal a doll once from my cousin . I try my best . each take they place on the scale . heart weigh against feather . the scale dip first one way ... then the other ... as they teeter ... the sky change , sunset to darkest midnight . star rotate , shifting , constellation form , reforming ... back to ancient configuration , the sky at Egypt 's dawn .. until the scale finally settle . at even . anubis you best be good . Mrs. fadil puff she chest . anubis gesture . before they now -- perhaps always -- be several door set in the sand . anubis each will take you to the du’at . the du xat have many world . choose . mrs . fadil which have my father ? he beat I and I would like not to see he world . anubis choose . mrs . fadil you be a kind boy . you choose for I . anubis accept the charge with solemnity . consider the option . select and open a door . we do not see inside , though much watery light glimmer from within . Mrs. fadil walk to it . eye clear and young reflect the light . but she hesitates at the door . at the end suddenly scared . mrs . fadil you be sure I do this with you ? follow the wrong god and I do not see my tita again . he gesture -- and the cat leap at mrs . fadil . pushing her through the door . into the light . the door slam . on anubis . frame by a shifting sky . the moon set . the cat land on the sand . lick herself absently . and we ... begin pull back ... over the desert ... ext . desert . day . camera glide over sand and rock as the fantastical desert of ancient egypt slowly become more and more banal and fantasy give way to the ugly reality of middle america flatland . a voice come , raspy and rich with the gravel of hindsight : shadow ( v.o. ) best thing , only good thing , about be in prison be the relief ... ext . prison . day . glide over a grey cinder block make of grey cinder block ... shadow ( v.o. ) you do not worry if they be gonna get you when they already get you . tomorrow can not do anything today have not already manage . ext . prison yard . day . dozen of prisoner work out in the exterior gym . camera find '' low key '' lyesmith , a wiry man with a scar smile and mile a minute mouth . he be , as usual , mid theory : '' low key '' lyesmith ... even better with a death sentence . bang . the worst have happen . you get a few day for it to sink in , then you be riding the cart on you way to do the dance on nothing . a row of weight be repeatedly pump into frame in a bench press emanate from just below frame . '' low key '' lyesmith this country go to hell when they stop hang folk . no gallow dirt . no gallow deal . meet shadow moon a lithe , powerful frame that make some assume he mind be not as keen as it be or he word as carefully choose . hard to pin for age or ethnicity but if you have to guess you have say 30 and black . shadow ( 0.s. ) ( push ) no gallow humor . '' low key '' lyesmith funniest fuck shit in the world . a group of white supremacist exercise in a gaggle and across from they , eye lock on shadow . '' low Key '' continue talk m.o.s. as shadow sit up after the last strain press . camera push in as shadow look up to the sky . shadow ( v.o. ) I be not superstitious . and I believe in plenty . when there be reason and evidence to believe . I do not believe in anything I can not see . shadow 's po.v. -- the sky . Beyond the pump bar that rise and fall , away and toward camera , STORM cloud start to brew . shadow ( v.o. ) but in the last day of my three year of incarceration , I feel disaster hover above I . shadow take a deep breath . shadow ( v.o. ) I can not see it . but I believe it . shadow I smell snow . he glance across the yard and see the white supremacist stare at he as they dangle the jump rope noose . angle -- through the noose shadow stare back at the White supremacist . close on : a coin . it rise and fall in frame like a wave . int . prison cell . day . shadow lean against he prison cell door , look out at the other prisoner in the common area below . the coin be roll along the knuckle of shadow 's hand . shadow ( v.o. ) I keep look for sign of the bad thing that 's go to happen . a sudden , violent brawl erupt in the cell next to theirs . shadow watch as two massive prisoner crash into the bannister outside the cell , one of they tumbling over and fall to the floor below , violently break he neck . '' low Key '' lyesmith lay on he bed read a batter paperback copy of herotodus 's history . there 's a stack of book on the floor . '' low key '' lyesmith it be the age of outrage . everyone be aggrieve about something . guard descend on the remain massive prisoner , who claim : massive prisoner it be not I ! shadow watch the massive prisoner drag into he cell . shadow nothing 's ever anybody 's fault . they say you do when you do not . or you do not do quite like they say you do . everybody 's wear false dignity pants . and they lie . '' low key '' lyesmith I lie all the time . it should be expect . more narrative freedom when you lie . I be surprised when people tell the truth , honestly . shadow I be a seeker of truth who have not yet arrive at conviction . shadow flip the coin . catch it . '' low key '' lyesmith you be as easy to read as that coin . tail . shadow show he . it 's head . and -- close on : a NORTH american songbird perched on a branch . int . prison wood shop . day . the bird be the model for the month of september in the songbird of NORTH america calendar . five uncheck box before a circle date : September 19 . shadow ( v.o. ) five box to cross below a White - cheek bulbul then I will be home . inmate work at table assemble dozen of elaborate bird feeder . '' low Key '' slot in the side of a bird feeder , pass it to shadow who bolt and screw it tight . too tight . a piece crack off . '' low Key '' grab the glue to fix it . '' low key '' lyesmith calm the fuck down . you be make I nervous . shadow I get a feel deep in my stomach something be entirely wrong . the last week be worse than the whole three year put together . '' low key '' lyesmith that hollow in the pit of you stomach be just you afraid of go back to the real world . you have hone survival skill in here -- be careful in they application outside . take a lesson from johnnie larch . shadow I do not know joh -- '' low key '' lyesmith johnnie larch get out after five year . get to the airport . hand he ticket to the woman at the counter , who ask for he driver 's license . he give it to she . she say , '' it 's expire . '' he say , '' it might not be valid as a driver license but it be a damn fine identification . there 's my picture , my height , and my weight . who the fuck do you think it be ? '' she say '' I 'il thank you not to use that kind of language , ' sir . ' " he say , '' give I my fuck board pass right fuck now . '' '' low Key '' take the slotted side of the bird feeder and fix they to a base . lu . '' low key '' lyesmith ( cont ’d ) now he be right to take that tone . she be disrespect he . he 's not go to be disrespect . you do not let people disrespect you in prison , why the fuck would he let she disrespect he as a free man ? she push a button . Security show up . he 's back in prison . do you understand what I be say here ? shadow one of that ' behavior that work in a specialize environment , such as a prison , can often fail to work , and in fact become harmful , when use outside such a environment 's sort of situation . '' low key '' lyesmith no , dummy . I be say : '' do not piss off that bitch in airport . '' ( off shadow 's look ) listen to I . this be sacred knowledge I be pass down . do not . piss off . that bitch . in airport . when you be out in the world get you first blow job as a free man , remember this face , because you will have I to thank . he give a big shit eat grin , and -- int . prison . phone bank . night . on a telephone pull back to reveal a row of telephone as if they be dancer in a busby Berkeley . camera continue pulling back past a 70 year old black man name SAM fetisher ( speak in hushed tone to he own phone ) to reveal ... shadow lean against the wall , curl against a phone : shadow something feel weird . shadow ( v.o. ) that be not the first thing I say to she . first thing I say be : shadow I love you . ( then ) something feel weird . laura' voice I love you , too . what feel weird ? shadow I do not know . the weather . Air feel constipate like if it have just push out a storm , it have be okay . laura' voice there 's a special word for the kind of dread cause by constipate air . ( then ) it 's nice here . leave have not all fall . if we do not get a storm , you will see they when you get home . shadow five day . laura' voice a hundred and twenty hour and you be home . Sam fetisher finish he call , hang up . as he pass : SAM fetisher Storm 's on the way . shadow maybe it x11 snow . Sam stop , glance back at shadow . SAM fetisher not that kind of storm . bigger storm than that come . better off in here than out on the street when the big storm come . shadow I be on the phone . SAM fetisher keep you head down , boy . it 's like -- what do they call that thing continent ride around on ? laura' voice tectonic plate . shadow tectonic plate . SAM fetisher tectonic plate . when they go riding , when North America go skid into South America , you do not want to be in the middle . 12 . shadow watch Sam go , a stab of dread , back to the phone . shadow everything 's okay there , right ? laura' voice wait for the sky to fall be gonna cause more bother than the sky actually fall , which it be not . shadow nothing 's wrong ? laura' voice everything 's fine . Robbie 's come by . we be plan you surprise party . welcome home . shadow a surprise party ? laura' voice which you know nothing about . shadow not a thing . laura' voice I love you , puppy . shadow I love you , too . shadow hang up the phone and dread mount and -- int . prison library . day . the group of skinhead pile on shadow , pounding he . try to bait he into a fight . to get he to hit back . shadow ( v.0o . ) prison have a way of try to keep you in prison . they 'il do anything to keep you inside . with they . on shadow . severe as he take the hit . do not fight back . int . prison cell . night . pan over low Key in the top bunk , sleep without trouble ... over to ... the window . a wild STORM rage outside . camera float down to ... shadow . bruise . sleep fight he . he stare at the cinder block ceiling . be . a crack spread like a spiderweb across the cement ceiling -- which fly away in chunks -- give way to ... LAURA 's face . framed on a pillow in morning light . a idealized , hyper -real memory enhanced by longing and fear . LAURA I love you , puppy . shadow ( v.0o . ) I love you , too . back on shadow . he roll over . finally able to rest . shadow ( v.0 . ) that be the first time I dreamt the bone orchard . the tree. ext . the bone orchard . night . shadow 's p.o.v . -- moving through a cemetary under moonlight . shadow ( v.0 . ) I be no stranger to nightmare . this be new . this be angry . this be old . bright moonlight illuminate ... rows of skeletal white tree . the tree increase in size as he move deeper into the orchard . root go deep down into the grave . branch end in bony hand . grasping at he as he walk . a hand cut he cheek . retract with the blood . all the other hand retreat , crowd it like a sacred prize . clear a swath for shadow to see ... the great bony tree in the CENTER a massive , leafless ash . its branch end in grasp , half flesh hand . the finger of one who die try to claw the coffin lid . all the other tree bow to it . large , strange fruit swing from its branch like drupe . size and shape of headless men . the Tree 's bony hand / branch reach out to shadow ... draw he closer ... something swing down . hit he in the face . a noose int . prison cell . night . resume . shadow shock awake in he bed . 14 . shadow ( v.0 . ) 48 hour leave to daylight ... int . prison food hall . day . shadow over oatmeal and prison coffee , do not touch either revelation hit with migraine force . he can feel it : shadow ( v.0 . ) ... and then -- I taste metal in my mouth . tin foil in the tooth . burnt hair . ( beat ) whatever it be ... now be . something happen . guard call out to the hall : guard shadow Moon . all eye land on shadow . shadow sit up . breath hold . fear . guard this way . int . hallway . prison . shadow 's p.o.v . -- following guard down the long hall . his walk reminiscent of he walk through the bone orchard . Guard give he a look . see the bruise on he face . they pass the group of skinhead . one mime a hanging . int . outside warden 's office . Guard press a button under a miniature traffic light at the warden 's door . he wait in silence . the traffic light buzy . turn GREEN . int . warden 's office . the warden wear a old suit he ’1ll wear for another decade . his fidget with a hearing aid , not new either . shadow 's heart race audibly . shadow ( v.0 . ) by the time I get there I be ready for anything . except polite . warden be wait for shadow . have a chair set out for he . warden thank you for come . sit down . please . lo. shadow sit . worries even more . shadow ( v.0 . ) nothing good come after polite . warden say here you be sentence to six year for aggravate assault and battery . shadow yes , sir. warden you serve three -- and be due to be release on Friday . ( off he look ) shadow , we be go to be release you later this afternoon . you will be get out a couple of day early . ( beat ) there 's no good way to say this so I 'il put it plain . this come from Johnson Memorial Hospital in Eagle Point ... you wife . she die in the early hour of this morning . it be a automobile accident . I be sorry . he slide a piece of paper across he desk for shadow to read . shadow do not . do not say a word . a_ringing build ... painful ... like a bomb went off too close and won ’t stop exploding our ear ... int . prison hallway . day . the Guard walk shadow back to he cell . guard it 's like one of they good - news , bad - news joke , be not it ? good news , we be let you out early , bad news , you wife be dead . he laugh . the cell door slam shut on shadow . int . prison cell . day . a razor scrape over shadow 's neck ... a button stretch to contain he chest ... a plain clothes shadow step out of he cell ... the door slam behind he . we hear nothing but the ring . lo . ext . prison . day . shadow emerge from prison into gray sky and freezing rain . Ice pellet sting he face as he follow the dot line to ... int . yellow school bus . day . the other released inmate whoop and cheer . shadow stare out the window , hear none of it . ext . bus station . day . shadow slide into a cab , not bother to shake off the rain . int . airport ticket counter . day . the ringing stop . shadow 's try , patient and polite . but the airport lady be congenitally unkind . airport lady I be sorry , it 's we policy , I can not change a ticket for two day from now for today . if you change you departure date from Friday you have to pay the difference and a $ 200 change fee . shadow $ 200 . airport lady plus the difference in fare . do you have to fly today ? shadow I need to get to Eagle Point . it 's -- for a funeral . airport lady ( hear it all before ) not without a original death certificate . no email , no copy . a neck -snapp rage build in shadow . he grip the desk ... then catch the briefest glimpse of low key in the crowd . go in a blink , not really there , but enough to remind he : shadow ( v.0 . ) '' Sacred knowledge . do not piss off that bitch in airport . '' shadow how much be the flight tomorrow ? int . airport terminal . night . a series of dissolves , as : shadow try to sleep in a airport chair . sitting up ... stretched across ... leg up for the floor waxer ... sleep fail . int . airport kiosk . the next morning . shadow , unslept , suit rumple , pull together a breakfast of whatever 's not candy . the register ask for $ 18.50 . shadow that 's a four dollar apple . I go to jail for steal . cashier shrug , move off to help another customer . at which shadow notice she just leave a $ 20 bill on the counter . he quickly palm the 20 . vanish in he hand . cashier come back , smile . no clue . beat . shadow '' notice '' the 20 on the floor . hand it back . shadow you drop this . he open up he wallet to pay honestly and ... int . gate . airport . day . shadow be at a electronics kiosk , a new cell phone unwrapped . he dial . a voice mail pick up . shadow hey , Robbie . they tell I Laura 's dead . they let I out early . I be come home . he hang up . a beat . a think . he dial another number . another voice mail pick up : LAURA 's voice mail message hi , you have reach Laura -- or I guess you do not . I probably will not hear this , I never check this . but hey , do what you want . beep . shadow hang up . it good to hear she voice , it 's horrible to hear she voice . his attention shift hearing -- a fuss go on at the counter . a stoop old man mumble - shout at the same Airport Lady shadow deal with yesterday . grow increasingly agitate . people notice . 15 . old man I buy it -- I do I do ! -- I have to get to my son -- he christen . buy a first class ticket -- airport lady this be not a first class -- old man I send the check ! look here 's my name -- I need to get back , he be just bear two day ago . we name he ... name he ... the Old man trail off . can not remember . Alzheimer confusion . make a uncomfortable , cring scene . airport lady be you sure you be suppose to be fly alone , Sir . old man no no no ! alone ? my son 's suppose to fly with I -- he take care of everything , the bill -- I just have to get to he christen and everything 's 11 be fine . he ’1ll take care of ... he sob . everyone be horrify ... shadow ( v.0 . ) every sport have its pro . watch the best remind you why you quit . better to be a fan in the stand and cheer . ... everyone except shadow . he smile . watch Airport Lady crumble , turn to a flight attendant . airport lady just get he on and stick he in first . she hand the Old man a new ticket , and ... int . plane . day . close on : a ticket . a flight attendant read it dumbly . flight attendant okay , but can you take you seat ? shadow this lady be sit in it . 17 - D time two . perhaps you now see the problem . shadow stand in the aisle over a woman already seat . the plane be full . rain smack the window . iy . flight attendant I 'il need you to take another seat . shadow just point to one and I ’1l1 take it . int . first CLASS . plane . moment later . attendant offer shadow a first class chair . shadow really ? flight attendant you want it or not ? fuck yeah . shadow sit . look around the roomy cabin . a first CLASS flight attendant bring a cup of nut to the passenger beside he : the old man from the gate . only now , sit in first class , drink in hand , he seem far young . whatever be decrepit about he shuck off to reveal a vibrant , chummy , chatty man of , say , 60 underneath . a glimmer and gut evince a love of food and sex and sand in he toe , though better all three while drunk . as charismatic as they come . just try not to stare at the glass eye . meet mister wednesday . mister wednesday guess this be you lucky day . cashew . Love ‘em . Native of Brazil but grow like motherfucker in Florida . he crunch a handful . a lovely flight attendant come . first CLASS flight attendant I be suppose to take you glass , Sir mister wednesday but you be not go to , otherwise you would have say I need to take you drink or I be gonna take you drink , neither of which happen . do not worry , I x11 hold she tight . ( off shadow ) give my friend here a Jack and Coke while you pour I another , please . shadow stiffen as the plane begin to take off . mister wednesday nervous ? zu . shadow never fly before . mister wednesday nothing to it . just sit in a chair and be a bird . drink up -- he hand shadow he drink to finish off . shadow hesitates . mister wednesday I give you the worm from my beak and you look at I like I fuck you mom . shadow sorry . you be just the first person I have talk to who be not a asshole . mister wednesday gimme time . shadow drink . savor it . God , that 's good . shadow Nice work on the upgrade . straight up sympathy play . risky . a eyebrow cock . someone who speak the language . mister wednesday Airlines be the ultimate clip Joint . promise of sex in exotic local , lucky if you get a bag of pretzel . they deserve that and worse . what might you have try , my boy ? shadow decide in this moment to like this guy , and so to let a lot of inane shit slide . beat . shadow the good samaritan . maybe gentleman 's Curve . if I be a travel man . mister wednesday which you be not ? shadow no , Sir , not I . mister wednesday sound like a firm decision make for good reason . I can respect that . a man get out of prison , he should be focus above all on not go back . how the fuck do you know that ? mister wednesday do not mind I . get a eye for this thing . just the one . ( study shadow ) you be new to the fresh air , I can see that much . not see the joy though the first steak and lay halo they all get . you look the sort who 's lose something vital , and not just time ... he let that sit . for a moment shadow even consider tell . mister wednesday so what should I call you if I be inclined to do so ? shadow shadow Moon . mister wednesday that , my boy , be one outstandingly improbable name . shadow moon. moonshadow . goddamn hippy parent . shadow hippy parent . mister wednesday momma have a giant afro I bet . Dancing queen . shadow the whole kit . and if I be inclined , what should I call you ? mister wednesday what 's today ? shadow Wednesday . mister wednesday today 's my day . let 's go with that . they drink come , mister Wednesday hand shadow he . cheer . shadow try not to spill as the plane rattle . turbulence pick up with the now whipping rain . mister wednesday always good to meet a fellow traveller shadow . shadow I be not -- ZZ . mister wednesday -- of course . my mistake . when you be then , what be you speciality . shadow bank . mister wednesday bang bang . Big time . shadow and some small time . shadow take out a dime , perform a smooth spellbound . poof ... it a quarter . shadow better at the small than big . mister wednesday you get more gift than I . I have get two . number one , I can sleep anywhere , anytime . number two be I tend to get what I want . on average , over time . it 's all about make people believe in you . not they cash , they faith . Hell , look at this plane . by all rights this 80 ton chub of metal and seat cushion and bloody Mary mix have no business soar through the sky ... as if to punctuate he point lightning fire outside the window . the plane quake . mister Wednesday never flinch . mister wednesday then along come Newton to explain air flow over the wing create lift or some shit ... and though it make not a lick of sense here be 282 passenger believe it so hard the plane continue on its journey safely . be it they faith that keep we aloft ? or be it Newton ? they give you a free shit kit in first class . Little toothbrush , little sock . you might not have know that . lightning again . closer now . passenger grow nervous . shadow kill he drink . the captain warble some nonsense on the PA that Wednesday ignore , busy put on the little sock from he free shit kit and signal the attendant . mister wednesday another couple 'a Jack and coke , my dear . ( to shadow ) how be you fix for work ? 255 shadow who need work when you be rich ? mister wednesday as it happen I be in a hire position . I could be mister Wednesday with a shake of a hand . all perfectly legal work more or less , good money , open road , bit of risk by and by , then again I be one of the few who have without hesitation hire a ex - con . do not rush into it , take you time . shadow no , thank you . already have a job at my buddy 's gym wait for I . mister wednesday no you do not . I could use a fellow like you . there 's always work for a big guy who 's smart enough to know he 's better off let folk think he 's dumb . do I mention the bonuse ? remarkable benefit . i’11 throw in a pension if you have like and can explain what the fuck a pension be . Hell by the end of you tenure you could be the next king of America . shadow I tell you , I have a job -- mister wednesday -- I can see you reluctance , my boy , all 's fair there . a wise man once say , '' a man get out of prison , he should be focus above all on not go back . '' again , do not rush into it . he wink he good eye . shadow be uncomfortable with everything about he offer . finishes he drink . finishes Wednesday 's for good measure . shadow be a rough day . he tilt he chair back all the way . close he eye to shut out Wednesday and the world . tries to sleep . on shadow , eye shut as : lightning fire . the plane lurch . insert CUT : LAURA 's face . a rictus of horror as headlight come crashing into her . shadow start . put on the sleep mask from he kit . 24 . shadow 's p.o.v . -- inside he mask : black with cabin fluorescent peak in at the penumbra . his breathe even . the turbulence become a gentle rock . the lullaby of storm and engine . the world recede . SHOCK to : int . dark cavern . dreamspace . shadow 's p.o.v . -- moving through a cave . primal deep . the Earth under the Earth . lit by heat . dirt rain . shadow make he way through the narrow space . feeling the wall for direction . he be lose . stumble . land hard on a sharp tangle of root . he grip on that run the length of the wall . use it as a guide . the root grow thorns under he hand . shredd he palm . if he want to hold it and move on , it will hurt . he grip it all the same . the pain be quick . the blood red . a flicker of firelight ahead . he rush toward the faint glow to find ... two great flame flanking and illuminate ... the great bony tree . raise above ground . Grand root expose now , full as its branch . a rope hang from a branch . a noose swinging . wispy fiber . shadow squeeze he hand into a fist . blood from he cut drip . the root grow around the blood to drink it . the two flame begin to move . come together . until they be two flame eye . on a perfect -- white BUFFALO . the White buffalo lope toward shadow . then stand up on two leg . back straighten . a giant chimera . tower over shadow like a desert mesa . shadow back away . under the tree . the haunt noose sway in front of he . come closer with each pass . the White buffalo stamp its foot . the ground quake . the cave collapsing . a mountain 's voice : the white BUFFALO believe . rock and dirt fall around shadow , bury he alive -- and -- int . airplane . day . shadow shock awake . Flight attendant gently nudging he . they have land , the plane empty . mister Wednesday be go . 22 . shadow check he hand . no blood . shadow I sleep through first class . already at Eagle Point ? Flight attendant hesitates and -- int . lambert airport , ST . louis . day . -- shadow be at yet another counter and another airport listen to another airport lady . another airport lady nope . can not blame we for the weather . I can get you on a flight tomorrow that 's 11 get you to Eagle Point by 6 . shadow ( beat , have it ) how many mile be it from here ? CUT to : a credit card slapped on a table CUT to : a key slammed into the ignition CUT to : ext . highway . day . a crap red rental raspberrys down the open road toward clear sky . America unfold ahead forever . shadow ( v.0 . ) the sky clear ahead , unzipping on a winking sun . I do not buy it . I be drive to see the dead . int . rental car . shadow look up at the clear sky . for a moment allow the sun 's warmth to feel good . warming up himself . he open the window . feel the wind on he face . dissolve to : shadow drive . sleeve roll up now . button undone . radio on . a happy old timey murder ballad play -- say '' egg and marrowbone '' . shadow tap along . sing the refrain . a but the moment he start to lose himself ... the signal break . static take it away . he try another station . no signal anywhere . he turn it off . drive on . Hand out the window . he spy a distant hill . a think occur . ext . side of the road . day . shadow pull off the highway near the hill . step out . ext . hill . sunset . shadow climb the last step to the top . from here he can see out for mile America 's fat , flat plane . he breathes . he shout . top of he lung . free . a three count . his voice echoes back . hollow . ext . highway . night . shadow 's car pass a roadside attraction sign for : '' jack crocodile bar . '' why not ? int . jack crocodile bar . night . reptile festoon . part and whole . Bones , tooth and skin . stool cap with skull , no regard for taxonomy -- everything that have scale be a croc . bayou rococo . a fun shitty band finish a set . shadow be at the bar with a menu in hand and a alligator 's OPEN mouth between he leg . shadow what 's good on a tight budget ? bartender buffalo burger 's great . chili 's better both together will make a happy man . shadow can not afford both and gas money . bartender sure you can , just stiff I on the tip . permission grant . shadow nod thanks . he forget people be nice in America . int . men 's room . jack crocodile bar . night . shadow be take a leak . look at a creepy smile stuff salamander at eye level to the urinal when a voice come from a urinal over , as if continue he sentence after a hiccup : voice -- not that rush into thing can not be a good thing . piss beside he in a thick , seemingly endless stream be mister wednesday -- continue he think as though they conversation on the plane have never be interrupt : mister wednesday sex rush into tend to work out best for all involved . marriage i’1l grant want for a moment 's extra consideration . ( realize ) apology , my boy . insensitive of I to bring up marriage . I be hope on you behalf you vital loss be not too dear . that hope do not pan out -- I be truly sorry about you wife . Nice obituary I think . shadow 's surprise at see he shift fast to anger . he do not like be follow . shadow I try to say '' fuck off '' politely as many way as I be go to . now I be fix to be direct . I do not want you fuck job -- mister wednesday I think you have have reconsider on account of you friend Robbie 's condition . and on account of you be break . shadow what about he condition ? the fuck do you know about Robbie ? mister wednesday shit . it seem more than you . which do not alter the sad fact but do make I the unfortunate bearer of they . Robbie burton 's dead . Wednesday zip up . hand shadow a fold up local newspaper from he side pocket . mister wednesday page seven . as mister Wednesday step out shadow open to page seven . begins to read . off shadow , face sink , we ... CUT to : 2b . title card : '' somewhere in america '' int . HOTEL bar . los angele . night . a calm scene for Los Angeles . a lounge singer on piano . Light crowd . a 50ish woman ( any race or concoction but white ) be at the bar awkward in she nice clothes not too often wear . this be bilquis . and she be wait for she date . she check she phone . swipe through profile photo until she land on the one expect . test the image against the paunchy man who just enter . late 5as . he could be you lawyer and probably be . he do not look nearly as handsome as he profile photo . time CUT : bilquis and paunch at the bar . both shy and unused to this . both interested . paunch I have only be on three other date from the computer . not sure I have get the talent for it . ( muster he courage ) but meeting you ... I be glad my kid force I on that stupid thing . bilquis eye light up like draw cigarettes . bilquis you -- like I ? he nod . he do . she smile brightly . already look better . the new confidence of be desire . int . bilquis 's apartment . night . a well maintain one bedroom , live in for a long time . a lifetime of levantine ornament collect , keep . the wall texture , with a high sheen , the color of raw liver wine and good lighting already deploy . bilquis and paunch kiss . she lead he to the very large bed . disproportionate to the size of the apartment . a large mirror beside it . paunch be you sure ? I want to see you again . bilquis I know . paunch we can wait and do it then . 29 . bilquis we will . she reach to pour they more wine . they share a glass . bilquis Light that for I , would you ? she mean the candle . on a solid table beside a stone figure of a wide- hipped woman . he strike the match , which plume with undue smoke . light it . as he stare at the flame ... bilquis reach around he from behind . reaches over he pants . he shudder . can not believe he luck she look over he shoulder at the two of they in the mirror . her arm snake around he , hand probing . paunch turn around to face she . move to lift she top . she stop he . bilquis I be not what I once be . paunch you be perfect . bilquis you do not think I be old ? you do not think I be spend ? paunch I think you be the sexiest goddamn thing I ever get to touch for free . meant to be sweet and take as so . close on : the bed ... as they fall onto it . bilquis pull he on top of she . he try to get start . mostly fumble . paunch I be not so ... ( admit ) I have no idea what I be do . not sure I ever have . bilquis what man be ? let I . she grab he . fit he inside she a momentary shock to both of they at how good it feel . they have forget . he laugh at the intensity . she smile . bilquis do not let go . not yet . su . he do not . the continue . slowly at first , then follow she lead they find a rhythm together . she kiss he deeply . a man who think a awful lot about everything lose himself in a moment -- when -- she hesitates . he worry . bilquis do something for I . anything . she whisper . her word texture now , honey and linger : bilquis worship I . she touch he lip . he start to move down on she . she stop he . lock eye with he , hip never cease to move . bilquis stay here ... with you word ... with you body . worship I . pray to I . like I be you god . you goddess . paunch I do not know how . ( embarrassed , clumsy ) you feel so good ... you tit be amazing -- I want to keep fuck you forever . bilquis ( correct , a hint of scold ) worship I . say my name . paunch bilquis . bilquis again ... paunch bilquis . she give he a slap . he stop . responds with a hard thrust . say it again -- this time , without meaning to , accented ... like a snake might say it ... paunch beeeeyl quisssss . belove . bilquis moan . that 's it . paunch I worship you breast and you eye and you cunt . I worship you thigh and you eye and you cherry - red lip . bilquis moan gorgeously . get on top of he . the sex surging in time with the word unspool -- paunch daughter of the South , Storm Queen on throne of honey , secret owner of all gold . I be yours , my beloved . bilquis . you be the all wife who give color to cloud and know the song of think . all wind blow to fill you hair and make it wild . something have kindle inside he he cannot control . his word unconscious , passionate , ancient . they pour out of he as she ride he ... her legs lock around he . he fuck she with confidence ... worshipp she with he body as -- paunch queen and concubine and maiden hide they face in shame for you be mother of beauty . tree bow . Warrior fall . give I you bless . I bury my face before you and I worship you -- that feel incredible -- what be you do ? she tip up he chin to face she and keep he from look down . though he seem to be slip lower . bilquis do not stop , honey . paunch I -- I offer you everything . my money , my blood , my life . I pray you bring I you gift , you one true gift and make I always so -- so -- he surge with sensation , beyond any experience he have know . Beyond word or think . bilquis go on . let go . he pump into she with everything he have . bilquis give I everything . paunch all that I have . everythi -- 3 Le he shudder with orgasm . tidal wave of pleasure . pulse . ongoing . the paroxysm only waxing . obliterate think . time . Space . angle on paunch . the world lurch . turn . so it seem he be sink down , down , down below frame . something crunch . bilquis gift I you body . reveal : bilquis 's knee be spread wide . her lover be half inside she vulva . up to he waist and sink deeper a birth in reverse . she be euphoric . orgasmic . she pull he into she even deeper . his neck be engulf . the pleasure overwhelm he . he look up into she face from between she leg . a infant see he mother at birth . eye tear with tenderness and trust . paunch I love you . the last of he disappear inside she vagina . the candle go out . on bilquis . on the bed . nake and alone . the thin line of candle smoke circle around she . she roll over . stretch out . run a hand over she body . she study at herself in the mirror . she look 20 year young . body taut . skin flawless . curve perfect . a goddess . Worshipped . please . CUT to : inside a juke BOX . close on : a 45 rpm record label '' iko iko '' by the Dixie cup . the 45 be grab by a automatic arm , swing , flip and place before a needle . the record needle connect with vinyl . the Dixie cup chant : '' my grandma and you grandma sit by the fire / my grandma tell you grandma ' I be go to set you flag on fire ... ' " close on : a gaping crocodile 's maw camera continue pull back to reveal the gape maw be come from between mister Wednesday 's leg . the barstool on which he be sit be a taxidermied crocodile head . we be -- 33 . int . jack crocodile bar . night . Wednesday sit with he back to the bar , watch shadow read the newspaper . '' look at my King all dress in Red / iko iko all day / I bet you five dollar he will kill you dead / jockamo-feena - nay . " shadow fold the newspaper and place it on the table next to he half - eat chili . he look down at he hand . on shadow 's fingertip . stained with newsprint ink . over a series of newsprint photo : shadow ( v.o . ) Laura Moon , age twenty - seven , and Robert burton , thirty -nine , be in burton 's car on the interstate , when they swerve into the path of a thirty - two wheeler . -- LAURA moon 's obituary photo -- robbie burton' obituary photo -- twisted wreckage of the car -- there body laid neatly by the side of the road . on shadow . stare at he newsprint stain fingertip . camera reveal mister Wednesday now sit opposite he . shadow you be right . I be break . I do not have a job . shadow take a quarter from he pocket , tail up . he flick it up in the air , knock it against he finger to give it a wobble and the appearance of turn . close on : the coin . it teeters mid - AIR ... until it 's catch and slap down on the back of shadow 's hand , tail side up . shadow ( cont 'd ) I be not work for anyone with worse luck than I . call it . Wednesday stare at shadow , then : mister wednesday if I win , you work for I ? shadow yes , sir . 34 . mister wednesday head . shadow ( without uncover he hand ) it 's tail . I rig the toss . mister wednesday rigged game be the easiest to beat . shadow it 's always go to be tail because I do not want to work for you . you be a little creepy and forward and familiar and I do not like it . and I do not like you . shadow begin to lift he hand and Wednesday stop he by lay a hand gently on top of he . mister wednesday it 's not always go to be tail . shadow glance at the coin . it be head up . a confuse beat . shadow I fumble the toss . mister wednesday or I be just a lucky , lucky guy . let 's negotiate the term of you employment over a drink . shall we ? Wednesday stand up and make he way to the bar , order . shadow study the coin in he hand , flipping it over on he palm . he flip it into the air . catch and call it . shadow tail . it 's tail . he flip the coin again and ... ..- it be snatch mid-air by a very tall man with a short ginger - color beard name mad sweeney . mad sweeney coin trick , be it ? he sit at the table next to shadow , put he foot up as he spin the coin around he finger , knuckle , thumb and palm before flick it up into the air , where it disappear . mad sweeney ( cont ’d ) you work for we man then ? shadow be still look into the air above they for the coin . 3d . shadow who be you ? mad sweeney I be a leprechaun . shadow Little tall for a leprechaun . mad sweeney that be a stereotype and represent a very narrow view of the world . shadow you do not have a irish accent . mad sweeney be over here too fucken long . shadow so you be originally from Ireland ? mad sweeney I tell you . I ’ma leprechaun . we do not come from Moscow , Russia . or Moscow , Idaho for that matter . plink . the coin finally fall from the air above they . Wednesday return to the table with a tray of drink , feign dead - eye surprise at see mad sweeney at the table . mister wednesday well I never . mad sweeney as I live and breath . what a surprise . ( hand he drink ) Southern Comfort and coke for you . ( take a sip ) Jack Daniels for I . ( to shadow ) and this be for you , shadow Moon . Wednesday place a line of three tawny golden color drink in front of shadow . he push the first one forward . shadow what be it ? Wednesday just push one forward . shadow take a sip , taste it , then guzzle the drink . set the empty glass on the table . shadow tastes like prison hooch , brew in a garbage bag from rotten fruit . but smoother . sweeter . Stranger . 30 . mister wednesday it 's mead . honey wine . the drink of heroes . the drink of the god . mad sweeney tastes like a drunken diabetic 's piss . mister wednesday it 's tradition . seal we bargain . Wednesday push the second glass of mead toward shadow . shadow we do not have a bargain . mister wednesday sure we do . I call head . you work for I now . you be my majordomo . my castellan . protect and serve . you drive where need drive to . and generally take charge on my behalf . you also run errand . in a emergency , and only in a emergency , you will be expect to kindly kick the ass of that whose ass require kick . and in the unlikely event of my death , you will hold my vigil . mad sweeney he 's hustling you . he 's a hustler . mister wednesday damn straight I be a hustler . swindler . cheater . and a liar . which be why I require assistance . shadow you have tell I what you want . would you like to know what I want ? mister wednesday nothing would make I happier . name you price . shadow I want to go to my wife 's funeral . I want to say goodbye . after that , if you still need I , I will start at two thousand dollar a week . you say you want I to hurt people , I will hurt people if they try to hurt you , but I will not hurt anyone for fun or profit . I will work for you up until which point you piss I off and then I be go . mister wednesday very good . we have a compact and be agree . one last glass of mead to seal we deal . third time be the charm and we be do . shadow swallow the mead in two large gulp . mister wednesday there . you be my man now . Wednesday spit in he hand and extend it . shadow shrug and spit in he own palm . they clasp hand and squeeze . Wednesday pick up the quarter on the table that drop out of thin air and flip it back to shadow . mister wednesday it will be head . shadow look at the coin on he palm and it be head . mad sweeney why if it 's coin trick we be do , watch this . mad sweeney take a empty glass . then reach out and take a large coin from the air , drop it into the glass . he take another coin from the air and toss it into the glass . he take a coin from the flame of a candle , another from he beard , another from shadow 's empty hand , and drop they , one by one , into the glass . then he curl he finger over the glass and blow hard , and several more coin drop in . he tip the glass into he pocket and tap the pocket to show that it be empty . shadow go quiet . he 's never see anything like it . mad sweeney have he baffle and love it . mad sweeney ( cont ’d ) now that 's a coin trick for you . shadow how have you do that ? mad sweeney with panache . shadow do you load coin in you sleeve ? mad sweeney sound like a lot of work to I . easier to pick they out of the air . simplest trick in the world . shadow how have you do it ? 3b . mad sweeney I all fight you for it . shadow I be not fight you . mad sweeney fiddle with he baseball cap , pull one of he coin out of the air , and place it on the table . mad sweeney Real gold , if you be wonder . win or lose -- and you will lose -- it 's yours if you fight I . mister wednesday he say he 's not fight you . mad sweeney a big fellow like you , who have a think you would be a fucken coward . mad sweeney slouches back into he chair , notice the newspaper on the table , try another tactic . mad sweeney ( cont ’d ) a whiff of death on the page . Laura Moon . this you old lady 's obituary ? she be a fine piece of -- close on : mister wednesday -- slow motion . his hair and jacket lapel billow slightly as if strike by a sudden breeze . the breeze be , of course , create by the swing of shadow 's arm as he fist connect with mad sweeney 's chin , send he slide back across the floor into crocodile barstool . the crowd stop and stare . mad sweeney get to he foot . mad sweeney ( cont ’d ) hey , everybody . there 's go to be a lesson learn . watch this . he swing a huge fist at shadow 's face in slow motion , catch he beneath the right eye . blotches of light flare the lens around the impact as shadow 's vision blur . on mister wednesday he watch they fight with a humorless grin . pick a guitar off a stand on the stage . begins to pick out a tune as -- shadow and sweeney go at it . sweeney fight with enthusiasm for the fight itself -- huge , barrel roundhouse blow that miss as often as they connect . shadow take a hit on he neck mean for he face . sy . shadow unleash on sweeney , pound he expertly , force he back into a table ; empty glass and ashtray crash to the floor . shadow continue to punch he soundly . mad sweeney Atta boy ! now you be fight for the joy of it . for the sheer unholy fucken delight of it . shadow stop and sweeney taunt he through bloody tooth : mad sweeney can you feel the joy in you vein , rise like the sap in springtime ? shadow release sweeney and stand . shadow we be do . shadow turn and walk away . put he hand atop the coin when -- mad sweeney grab he wrist like a vise . he sway and sweat , but still manage : mad sweeney it be not over till I say it be . off sweeney spitting a wad of blood and tooth on the floor ... diving at shadow ... CUT to : close on : a sweaty man 's back camera push in as the sweaty man work furiously over something unseen . on the table next to he be a tape dispenser . a din of conversation and clamor fill the air . he reach for the tape and pull off a small piece . < snap >. close on : the heel of running shoe paddling over pavement and sidewalk pulling camera . we be ... ext . new york CITY . financial district . day . reveal : a delivery boy on foot navigate a crowd of people , swerving violently into the main door of ... int . new york stock exchange . trading floor . continue to follow Delivery Boy as he slow he mad dash to a power walk through the modern trading floor . it be sparsely populate with pit trader cluster around monitor review the Electronic market . au . as the Delivery Boy make he way across the trading floor , camera crane up to find ... int . observation booth . a unremarkable man who 's clearly give he health to he job look out on the trading floor . 40 's but look 5as . what hair he have comb over . if he 's not on a statin he should be . this be the stock ticker . the stock ticker watch the floor . as camera move through the glass of the observation window , the modern trading floor below transform now see through a filter that reveal a 1980 's era trading floor complete with froth pit trader shouting and gesture . this be the stock ticker 's p.o.v. of the trading floor . the hundred of 80 's era pit trader in a trading frenzy be a representation of the electronic trading take place outside the range of the human eye . hovering like a holographic overlay in front of the exist board be a secondary board . even though it appear high tech , the style of the projection be that of the flipping split -flap number of the stock market past . the stock ticker watch the secondary board carefully with ever - worried , always exhaust eye as the pit trader froth . close on : a stock labele '' odn '' number tile read 35:88 then begin to spin . on the stock ticker . he hold he breath . stock ticker 's p.o.v. of the trading floor there be a audible inhalation of breath as the hundred of pit trader ( representation ) collectively hold they breath . close on : the odn stock . the tile spin and spin ... finally lock onto a number : 58.99 the pit trader react in a frenzy . the stock ticker cringe . stock ticker this be not go to go well . he heave a annoyed , exhaust sigh as the sweat , panting Delivery Boy enter in the background with he order . delivery boy you order a sandwich ? stock ticker not just a sandwich . delivery boy 's p.o.v. of the trading floor the modern , less vibrant / vibrate version than the 80' representation the stock ticker see . flatscreen and headsets . quiet notation and email . delivery boy you be pay cash ? the stock ticker fish through he wallet and pull out a twenty , note the quote on the back : stock ticker '' in God we trust . '' he hand the Delivery Boy the twenty and take he pastrami . stock ticker ( cont ’d ) this sandwich be a god . I pray to it for satisfaction in the same way one would pray to ascieplus for heal , or Mars for Victory . delivery boy it 's a good sandwich . stock ticker it 's a god sandwich . ( then ) I be not simply taste generous portion of tender peppery garlic meat that do not - know - the-meaning - of - lean . I be taste history . the fine people of New York have be eat this sandwich for a over hundred year . a century of gnash tooth . that deserve a little praise and a little worship . ( be : sandwich ) reverse transubstantiation . if the body of Christ taste this good , even the Jews would take communion . ( then ) you look jewish . be you jewish ? Delivery Boy nod . stock ticker ( cont ’d ) do you have any antacid ? Delivery Boy nod and hand the stock ticker a roll of tum . 4aZ . delivery boy ( be : $ 20 bill ) do you need change back ? stock ticker of course I do . off the stock ticker chew tum we ... CUT to : int . mister wednesday 's cadillac . morning . shadow wake up a mess . tries to get he bearing but can not . shadow ( v.0 . ) I know I be move . I know I recently Said yes to something stupid . I know I be in pain . he look around . he be in a backseat . in a move car . mister Wednesday at the wheel of he big boat of a cadillac . something elvis would love in one of he classier mood . the pain hit shadow . hangover and bruise . he check a pocket . pull out the gold coin . shadow try to remember , but it 's go in the fog of drunk . shadow do not suppose you hear he tell I how it be do ? mister wednesday no such luck . shadow where 's my car ? mister wednesday dumped it . Red 's not you color . do not get use to this , as part of you job you x11 be the one drive Betty here . figure you could use the sleep . it 's not every day a man get to bury he wife . int . gas station . day . Wednesday , suddenly Southern , be at the counter effortlessly pull a classic Change raise on a attendant . he get progressively more enfeeble as he go , and suck on he finger like it be bleed throughout . 45 . mister wednesday dangit , all I get 's a 10 . you sure that 's the only band - aid you have get , not the gauze , the strip ? damn thing will not stop bleed -- ( take he change ) oh wait -- now I have get more singles than I think , here ... ( hand over the singles , get back he 10 ) no , that 's too many . he give the 10 back to attendant , who be now lose . attendant that 's you 10 . mister wednesday ( '' embarrassed '' ) must have forget to take my pill this morning , here 's one more , just give I a 20 back and we be even . he yawns enormously to cover any joy at success . attendant reach to the register and ... int . gas station bathroom . that moment . shadow use he free shit kit from the plane to clean he beat up self in the grimy bathroom . teeth . face . shave . handy wipe the pit . Spot wash the suit . button it all up and get right the tie . he check the finish product in a mirror scratched with the word '' fuck GOD and CUM hard '' . best he can do . ext . highway . day . the cadillac pass a sign for eagle point , indiana . int . mister wednesday cadillac . shadow see the small town fast approach . a flood of anticipation , damme by loss . shadow this be home . for a good while . int . motel . day . the least interested girl in the world , with a lip ring , could give a shit eye and a obvious hickey , take Wednesday 's cash and give he two key , check he in . he hold she gaze . 44a , mister wednesday thank you for you prompt and efficient service . any thought on breakfast option within walk distance . least interested girl in the world there 's a safeway have cereal . mister wednesday you be most helpful . mister Wednesday hand shadow he room key and the car key . mister wednesday I will only say this to you once ever take all the time you need . ext . saint monica 's church . day . shadow park the cadillac . do not get out . int . mister wednesday cadillac . shadow stare at the cross atop the steeple . sit there a good long while . he find he reserve strength . get out of the car . throw he shoulder back . his prison walk , into ... int . saint monica 's church . day . Old school drab cavernous Catholic . a place pick to please grandma . the large nave be half full : Laura be love fiercely , not widely . shadow enter . hold against the wall , keep out of sight . the service be already begin . a priest , one of the good one , be mid-service , be move : priest God never intend a kind woman to die young . God do not want Laura 's parent to live with she go , or for that who love she to go on without she . voice in the crowd ( 0.s. ) a-man . priest and though we be secure in the knowledge that she be far happier in she new form and home in Heaven , we be jealous of God , for he can enjoy she conversation . please rise , turn to page 16 in you hymn book . the organ start playing . all stand and begin to sing '' nearer my God to thee . '' 42 . Priest look out and see shadow . recognize he . priest please . you belong with the family . a hush spread , lyric stumble then recover as shadow take the long walk down the aisle . eye front . where lie ... a open casket . where lie LAURA . the wax doll copy of the idealize visage we see . the kind of face that make we wish we get to meet she when she be still alive . the hymn end . Priest ask privately : priest would you like to say a few word ? shadow have not even think of this . he step to the altar . look down at the many face uncomfortable to see he . fidget and judgemental . he have to lean down to the mic . shadow I be Laura 's husband . most of you know where I be come from and judge I for it . Fair enough . I just come from -- ( clear into the mic ) prison . the mic spike feedback . short out . Dead . Technology hate shadow . he go with he own voice , never mind the back row . shadow whatever good there be in I I borrow from Laura . she have it to spare . she wait for I three year . hard year . not many would . a small murmur from the crowd . shadow grow even quieter : shadow I do not know what happen now . we say thing at this thing to make we feel better . there be no better . not for I . ( to Laura ) I really miss you . close on : LAURA . she do not answer . and never will . shadow step down . another hymn begin . '' hail , Holy Queen enthrone above . '' word confident of Heaven and Laura 's place in it . shadow sit next to a woman in black , 30 . audrey . cried out . blunt by grief or pill . at the giggle stage of grief , which be a thing . 40 . audrey hello , Sir . that be nice . Nice job . good for you . how be jail ? shadow audrey . audrey look to Laura , comment absently : audrey not the reunion you be hope for . she look pretty . they do a hell of job reconstruct she face and neck . I think that and the coffin kill you savings . all so you could have that nice open casket and get one last look at she pretty face . shadow I be sorry about Robbie . he be a good friend . he love you like crazy . so do Laura . audrey do a slow turn to shadow . see he stare at Laura . aching with love and loss . audrey can not tell if she should laugh or cry . audrey shit , shadow , no one tell you ? ( lean in , matter of fact ) she die with my husband 's cock in she mouth . on shadow . the world melt . the ringing start again ... bomb blast tinnitus ... as we ... ext . cemetery . day . the coffin suspend by thick band over the freshly dig grave . mourner gather . shadow be front and center and numb . someone offer he a red button . he press it ... and the coffin begin to lower into the Earth ... thunk . the motor crunch . the coffin stop . swing . tip . nearly turn over before it catch on its band . a groundskeeper come , prod the motor . pop it in reverse . the coffin rise . lower . jam again . bounce on its band . groundskeeper bang on the motor . Hit the button . the coffin rights . sink down into the ground . stay on shadow . stand at the foot of the grave as we ... begin time lapse : -- the Priest read from he Bible ... -- groundskeeper fill the grave with dirt ... -- mourner begin to filter out ... one by one ... until ... -- shadow stand alone ... -- another burial take place a few row behind he ... a whole cycle of prayer and dirt and tear ... new mourner say they goodby ... then go ... -- the sun set . the ringing stop suddenly -- ext . cemetery . night . -- shadow remain . leans against a headstone . stare at Laura 's fresh grave . shadow what have you do , Laura ? what be it ? a one time thing ? on the night before I come back ... no ... that 's a we be - in - this -together . that 's ... be that love . if you be gonna go , you could have say so . I could have take it ... I could ... ( and then ) I have a surprise for you . I read when I be in . I want to come back better than I go in for you . six book a week . for three year . 813 book . 8 and 13 , fibonacci number . I know this because four of they be about math . I like math . who know . ( and then ) goddamn it , Laura . whatever 's in he come out . he look down . see he hand ball in a fist . open he hand . he 's be grip the gold coin this whole time . so tight it 's imprint on he palm . a flick of the thumb . the gold coin flip end over end ... onto Laura 's grave . gold in the dirt . footstep come . audrey stumble - walk over . pull up she underwear and tight . stone and / or drunk . it 's all too raw for anything like censorship . 45 . audrey two funeral in a day . husband and best friend . you skip Robbie 's . that 's fair . shadow audrey . audrey I be yell at mine too . she point to the nearby fresh grave where the other funeral take place . Robbie 's . audrey do not do any good . anger make you feel like you can change the outcome . there 's no argue with dead , no debate . Dead win ten out of ten . so I piss on he . she check she skirt , wipe a dot . shadow how long be they ... audrey not sure . Long time now that I put thing together . late night , daytime shower . dickless piece of shit . that be not a epithet , that be a literal description . severe at the root in the crash . coroner have the nerve to ask I what I want he to do with it . told he to leave it where he find it . relax -- they do not bury she with it in she mouth . do not think anyway . do not listen to I , shadow , I lose count on the ativan . I be interrupt , you be say you peace . shadow people do enough talk today . I think someone might have actually say '' she 's in a better place . '' audrey she 's in parkview Cemetery , target would be more interesting than here . if there be not some kind of life after death I be go to be so piss . ( off shadow ) kicked fuck puppy . I hate you guy as a couple because of the way you look at she . ( more ) ay . audrey ( cont would ) Robbie do he best to avoid look at I . get use to the boot , puppy , there be no closure from the dead . maybe three year from now some therapist be go to tell you to write she a letter say everything you wish you could say to she then drop it in the ocean -- maybe it 'il help . it will not help . shadow look back to Laura 's grave . audrey I be sorry for you loss , shadow . I really be . anyone tell you that yet ? shadow not sure . audrey have anyone even hugge you ? shit -- you just get out of prison . you have not be hugge in -- how long ? I read that be a thing with con , forget what it 's like just to feel someone . audrey hug hum gently ... hold he ... a nice moment -- for a moment . then ... audrey 's hand squeeze he shoulder a little too tight . test , appreciate he body . audrey Jesus . you work out in prison . she squeeze he a beat longer . a sparkle of a bad idea . audrey I have a proposal for closure for we both . shadow audrey . audrey hear I out . this be a good one . lex talionis . a eye for a eye , blow job for blow job . right here where they can see we . she move in on he , mind make up . shadow move back . not into this . shadow I appreciate the offer , but -- du . audrey you stand in front of a church full of people and say she wait for you . you wife -- my best friend -- she push he against a crypt aggressively . grab he belt . look over she shoulder audrey I want they to see it . I want Robbie to watch while I take this gorgeous man 's cock in my mouth -- pissing on he be not enough -- I want you to cum in my mouth and I want to spit it on he grave , Jesus who know I could be so angry -- before shadow know it she 's on she knee . on shadow . look out at the grave . a flash of : low key 's shit eating grin face . low key when you be out in the world get you first blow job as a free man , remember this face . shadow shake off the memory . asshole . he pull away from audrey . she hike up she skirt . audrey you be right -- fuck I already . she push he against a raise crypt . climb on top of he . shadow do not -- I can not do this -- audrey I be try to get my dignity back here -- shadow grab audrey . stands up . pushes she back gently . she shove he down , forceful , angry . he hold audrey back , firm . shadow audrey . audrey hit he . punch he . then cry . break down . against he . as it all come tumble out ... camera float up over shadow 's shoulder ... then down ... down ... to ... LAURA 's grave . to the gold coin in the dirt . the coin begin to sink . into the Earth . follow the coin . as it fall through dirt and rock . until we lose it in the black . a beat -- then -- a hollow thump . ext . road . night . shadow walk . Cars pass he . maybe time too . a STREET lamp in the distance behind shadow blink out . shadow ( v.o. ) where do you walk when there be no sidewalk ? against the traffic . a STREET lamp flicker out , plunging the immediate space around he into darkness . shadow trip on something unseen . he sprawls into the ditch on the side of the road , hand sink into several inch of mud . he climb to he foot and wipe he hand on he pants , leave a streak of handprint run up he thigh . he awkwardly watch as two more STREET lamp go dark on either side of the already dark one he 's stand under . he listen to the night as camera reveal the blurred shape of a man in white stand near shadow a moment before he see someone be there . a hand materialize out of the dark , a wad of something wet in its palm . it latch onto shadow 's skull . on shadow : camera follows he back down to the muddy ditch , ground rush toward we . he fall and -- upon impact -- slow-mo burst into colorful , oily smoke . a miasmic blur the atmosphere of the blur slowly coalesces into shadow as he slowly open he eye . shadow ( v.o. ) I taste harsh , chemical fume . the plates of my skull feel like they be be - attach with roofing nail . pull back to reveal : shadow flanke by two brawny shoulder dressed in white . the rest of they brawny body disappear into the thick darkness around shadow , only they shoulder in view . ( note : the shoulder vibrate ever so slightly from the corner of the frame . ) camera continue to pull back to reveal we be - — — dl . int . stretch limousine . night . shadow sit at one end of the car while camera continue pulling back abnormally far to reveal he host sit at the opposite end of the limousine : the technical boy . a young punk with a entitle attitude in clothes he be sure look good on he but do not . a silicon Valley entrepreneur try he best to act the cool he 's see on tv . technical boy hello , shadow . do not fuck with I . shadow okay . I will not . can you drop I off at the Motel America by the interstate ? technical boy hit he . there 's a vibration out of the corner of shadow 's eye and whompf ! a punch be deliver to shadow 's solar plexus . technical boy ( cont ’d ) I say do not fuck with I . that be fuck with I . keep you answer short and to the point or I 'il fuck kill you . or maybe I will not kill you . maybe I nil have the droog break every bone in you fuck body . so do not fuck with I . shadow get it . technical boy you be work for Wednesday . shadow yes . the technical Boy open he jacket and take out a a e-cig vaporizer from inside he pocket . offerss it to shadow . technical boy smoke ? shadow no , thank you . the technical Boy inhale deeply , hold he breath and then blow a series of thick smoke ring . camera follows the fat oily smoke ring as they drift the strange length of the limousine until they break like wave over shadow 's face . force they way into he lung . he offer a small cough . ds . shadow it 's not tobacco and it 's not weed . smell like a appliance fire . technical boy synthetic toad skin . another drag and he french inhale , then exhales the meaty smoke in two distinct chute unfurl out of each nostril . shadow ( v.o. ) he practice smoke trick in front of a mirror for moment like this . technical boy what the fuck be Wednesday after ? what 's he do here . he must have a plan . what 's the game plan , man ? shadow I start work for mister Wednesday this morning . I be a errand boy . technical Boy take another long draw on he vape , he exhales a long , writhe cloud of smoke in which -- in shadow 's p.o.v. -- he two eye glint , copper-color , like the eye of a toad . the smoke must be hit he . shadow shake he head clear . try to shake the effect . technical boy Wednesday be history . forgotten . and old . he should just let it happen . we be the future and we do not give a fuck about he or anyone like he anymore . they have be consign to the dumpster . ( then ) we have reprogrammed reality . Language be a virus . religion be a operate system . prayer be just so much fuck spam . shadow you say that like I know what you be talk about . technical boy it 's all about the dominant fuck paradigm , shadow . nothing else be important . and hey , sorry to hear about you wife . tough break . shadow thanks . d4 . technical boy I all ask you again : what be Wednesday up to ? shadow we barely exchange a dozen word . you can let I out here . I / x11 walk the rest of the way . technical boy you be say you do not know . shadow I be say I do not know . technical boy would you tell I if you do ? shadow probably not . as you say , I be work for mister Wednesday . technical boy then why the fuck be I sit here waste my time talk to you ? shadow I be curious myself how long you would go on suck you own dick . technical Boy take another drag , then : technical boy kill he . a moment , then shadow and that flanking he move at once . shadow 's distorted p.o.v . through the smoky haze of the limousine cabin , we get glimpse of he foe and they look exactly like the droogs from '' clockwork Orange . '' White pants , shirt , suspender and cod piece , top off with match black bowler hat . a surreal brawl knee , elbow and fist be swing . shadow throws a elbow and it connect with a droog 's face as if it be comprise of a magnetic field -- not entirely solid , buck by the hit . there be a very subtle , heighten brightness to the droogs 's appearance -- almost pixilate , but not quite -- something else altogether . as if they be shot at 48 frame per second while the rest of reality languish at 24 . dd . shadow prove as slippery in the fight as the droogs , but find it difficult to land a good hit as the droogs be strangely fluid in movement , as in not physically solid . technical boy we be not just go to kill you , shadow . we be go to delete you . one click and you be overwritten . undelete be not a option . shadow and the droogs tumble down the length of the abnormally long stretch limousine toward the technical Boy . just as shadow roll under the moon roof , the technical Boy push a button on the console and the moon roof pop off as if tear free from a violent decompression . the cabin quickly clear of smoke and shadow be sucked out the moon roof as if suck out of a airplane . camera follows shadow -- soaring and twisting through the night , finally landing in a heap in a gutter . we be -- ext . road . night . before shadow can react , the droogs be on he , one after another after another after another . Dog pile on shadow . he be pull under a wave of suspender , cod piece and bowler hat as they pin he to the muddy earth . on shadow lose beneath the wave . on a noose place around he neck -- and he be suddenly , viciously yanked . stay on shadow -- pull up a steep embankment by the neck . his eye bulge as they pinball around he socket . ext . field . night . dozen of droogs race around shadow as he 's drag toward a tree reminiscent of the great Tree of he nightmare . he dig at the noose around he neck with one hand while the other lessen the tension of the choke by pull up on the rope . shadow slam hard against the trunk of he hang tree , lose he grip on noose and rope as he be hoisted into the AIR shadow dangle . droog cackle . as he consciousness begin drift ... the corridor of consciousness narrow , dark cloud expand like firework in he vision transform the world around he into ... do . ext . the bone orchard . twilight amongst the sway , rattling , skeletal white tree ... shadow hang from a tree branch . the strange fruit of the orchard . he dangle alone in the breeze ... past fight ... leg turn gently ... life leave he bulg , squeeze eye . then -- a inhuman bellow -- and -- SNAP ! the rope be CUT . shadow fall -- landing in the stark reality of -- ext . field . night . he hit the ground hard . gasp . able to take in what 's happen around he in stream eye -glimpses and sound : a wet crunch . a inhuman scream . a violent battle be raging around he . shadow try to focus , lift he head , but oxygen be he number one priority . out of the corner of he delirious perspective , the droog who lynched he be fight something monstrous and unseen . a spray of something hot Hit shadow in the face . then -- silence . shadow pull the noose off he neck . his vision clear . he look around he . his attacker be gone . shadow wipe he face , see he be spray with blood . pull back to reveal : the droog be not go . there body have be torn to piece . head far from neck . a torso impale on the tree . not a battle , a slaughter . off shadow under he hang tree ... surrounded by droog corpse ... smash to : the stock board . close in on one stock : shdw . selling at 2:18 a sudden SNAP . the flap drop like thunder . shdw be at 4:36 . doubled in value . to black . end of episode