fade in : ext . new york CITY skyline ­ night establishing shot of the new york CITY skyline at night , the light of the CITY shining brightly . ext . workout area ­ same night establishing shot of master kwan' school , a ramshackle build in a burned out row of store . his be the only one still occupy , and it do not look that permanent . in the window be a cardboard , handwritten sign that read " kwan 's shaolin kung fu " . what remain visible behind the poster and the security grate be a impression of people move and milling around . int . workout area ­ same night establishing shot of kwan' shaolin kung fu school . the student be do they own thing , and they be a mixture of old and young , man and woman . they be not dress alike , as they would be in a karate school : they be dress in old t-shirt and tatter sweat pants . this be not a wealthy school , by any mean , and that be typify by the appearance of sifu kwan , who be walk through the student as they train . he be wizen old man , 70 year old if he be a day , and he be dress in a fray chinese jacket , scruffy cloth shoe and a discolor chinese T-shirt . angle on a young adult struggle through a horse stance , he face in real pain . he be try he best to hold the stance , but he leg be quivering . he drop out of the stance onto he knee . master kwan be right beside he . young adult sifu kwan , be that long enough ? it 's be 10 minute ... sifu kwan shake he head and put he hand behind he back as he walk past the student . kwan at shaolin Temple , in misty songshan mountain , we monk train in iron palm until we hand ble ... ( beat ) ... then we train some more . he walk on , leave a puzzle student behind . young adult ( get back into horse stance ) I guess not ... angle on kwan as he walk around the different people training . as one woman be move through a intricate series of movement , he sigh and rearrange she hand . kwan Tiger grasp he tail , not hamburger ! he move on , study the room with he eye , often glance toward the door , and then toward the small clock on a table near the door . it be late , and kwan be obviously wait for someone to arrive . as he be wait , a young student come up to kwan . student master kwan , when can I learn fly kick ? I see Bruce Lee ... kwan Bruce Lee actor , we fighter , warrior . a sparrow in flight be beautiful , but a side kick to the rib be effective . show I . the boy shrug and then start throw side kick . kwan be half look at the boy and half look towards the door and the clock . the boy throw three or four kick and then stop . he be watch kwan watch the door . kwan see he , and turn back to he . kwan ( cont 'd ) ( shaking he head ) a shaolin warrior let nothing intrude . continue , never mind . he continue to kick , and kwan continue to look at the door . finally , the student stop kick , half - heartedly bow to the master , and then move to the side of the workout room . kwan do not know he 's go . kwan turn around , forget for a moment what he be do , and come face to face with the mother of a student , mrs . rodriguez , and she be hold a uniform of some sort . she smile widely at he and hold up the uniform . it be beautiful , obviously hand make , and on the back be embroider : " kwan 's shaolin " and underneath that be " Drew carson " . kwan take in the entire outfit , while the rest of the class be gather around to have a look . they be all very impressed . kwan ( cont 'd ) never in my day at the shaolin Temple have I see uniform as beautiful as this . thank you , Mrs. rodriguez . I wish Drew be here to thank you himself . ta mar de ! this last he say look at the empty door . mother I only hope it bring he luck in the tournament . kwan luck be no concern , Mrs. rodriguez . shaolin warrior depend on heart and soul ­ that 's how they save the t'ang emporer . he look again at the door , then clap he hand together , gather he student around he . kwan ( cont 'd ) xie xie , Mrs. rodriguez . ( to class ) during my time training at the shaolin Temple , the birthplace of the martial art , I be lucky ( glance at Mrs. rodriguez ) ... er ... fortunate to have the best instructor in the world train I . but , there be also time for individual training ­ where skill be hone like the blade of a sword . now , it be that time for you . he turn to go . one of the student , before he can leave , clear he throat . student 2 what do you want we to do ? kwan when the blind follow the blind , they both fall over the cliff . understand ? student 2 no . the other mutter " no " and shake they head , confuse . kwan no matter . he exit , leave he student stare vacantly after he . they look at each other , honestly not know what to do . ext . drew garage ­ same night establishing shot of old garage . it be kind of spooky , and there be no light on outside . there be candlelight inside , and it be move around ­ a effect not unlike a ghost carry a candelabra . int . drew garage ­ same night establishing shot of interior . the area be dilapidate , but very clean , with all kind of kung fu and chinese paraphenalia lie around . around the corner come the spooky light , and ( with music building to a crescendo ) , we see drew carson , a muscular 16/17 year old , bowl of flame wax on he bare shoulder , move through the garage , practice he kung fu maneuver . he be kick , punch , etc. , occasionally spilling hot wax on he skin ( insert ) . in the background be a tv , and on it be show a martial art movie . angle on kwan who be quietly settling into a shadowy corner of the garage , watch Drew . angle on drew as he continue to move around the workout area , he arm and body move as he try to match the movement on the tv . suddenly , kwan jump out of the shadow , attack . Drew react instantly , evade the attack , the wax sloshing around in the bowl but not spilling ( insert shot here ) . kwan continue the attack , and Drew evade , they movement match the movement on the tv almost move for move . it be a beautiful ballet , and Drew end it by sweeping kwan down to the ground . when kwan hit the ground , hard , he face be light by the tv screen . angle on drew who , for the first time , see that it be kwan . drew master kwan ! he hurry over to he master , a concerned look on he face . he lean down to help kwan up , forget about the bowl of hot wax . it pour down on kwan , scalding he , as well as run down Drew 's chest . kwan struggle to get up , while at the same time try to wipe the hot wax off . drew ( cont 'd ) master kwan ! I be sorry , very sorry ! kwan ( bluster ) I be ok , never mind ! what be you do anyway ? drew be take the glue - on cup of wax off he shoulder , while peel the already hard wax off he chest . drew practice . I see it in this movie ... kwan shake he head and walk over to Drew , stand in front of he . kwan why do not you come to class ? why waste time with this ... should study tape of opponent . drew I will still win . besides , the shaolin monk never have tape to study ... they do it this way ... right ? kwan not quite ­ we drill at the temple have meaning . if we have tape , we would have watch they . Drew start to protest , but kwan do not even let he start . kwan ( cont 'd ) " the warrior who know himself and he opponent will win 100 time in 100 battle . " Study the tape I give you . all this year of one on one training ­ you be the best I have ever teach . drew the best ? kwan best white boy , maybe . just fight like a shaolin warrior ­ the rest will take care of itself . ( pick up tape ) face reality , before it break you jaw ! Drew hold out he hand for the tape , and kwan slap it into he hand . Drew smile a defeat smile and turn toward the vcr , when Drew 's stepfather , bob , walk in . he be a big , overweight man , and he be very angry . bob ( shouting ) be you screwing around with this stuff again ? drew look , Bob , I be not bother you , be I ? bob it 's you attitude that bother I , son . drew I be not you son , bob. Lay off . it be a threat , one that Bob almost take up . kwan feel the tension in the room , and start to say something . bob ( cut he off ) do not say a word , yellow man . reaction shot of kwan close he already open mouth . bob ( cont 'd ) you be here because I tell you Mom I would see you be take care of ... after . at least respect my wish , and make something of yourself ... stop waste you time ! drew ( sarcastic ) when I be the best fighter in the country , I be not go to let you be part of my entourage ... bob you mean when you be in jail ... drew just leave I alone , Bob , ok ? I never ask for anything from you . he spin and kick one of the hang bag , then walk out of the workout room , leave Bob and kwan stand alone . kwan look at Bob , who tower over he , and smile sheepishly . kwan pressure . Big tournament this weekend . he start to walk out , but Bob follow he . bob how would you have like have to take care of a kid you never really want ... ? kwan I wish I have the chance ... kwan exit , and we ... ext . trevor estate ­ day establishing shot of trevor gottitall estate , a huge palatial spread . the grounds be immaculate and huge , exquisitely keep and beautifully laid out . a gather be around the pool and lawn area , where trevor and he team be have a exhibition for they guest . polite applause be coming from the crowd , all well -dress and obviously well-heeled . angle on trevor as he knock out a opponent . angle on crowd applaud . angle on trevor taunting a different opponent . trevor execute a beautiful technique and put the guy down and out . angle on team ( psychologist , therapist , masseur , etc. ) who be cheer trevor on . angle on trevor as he play with the next fighter . trevor they say you be good ... ha ! he knock the guy out with a picture perfect kick . there be no deny that he 's a superior fighter . trevor ( cont 'd ) can not you get I any quality sparring partner ? the next guy come up , but before they can start , the psychologist , dr . pfeelgut , call for " time " and motion trevor over . pfeelgut it 's not enough just to win , trevor . you have to destroy you opponent completely , mentally and physically . beat he once , he 's a threat . humiliate he , and he will fear you forever . trevor listen to this , nod he head once , and when pfeelgut go to leave , trevor push he into the pool . pfeelgut come to the surface , smile . pfeelgut ( cont 'd ) exactly ! trevor go back to the ring . he really take it to this guy , alternately play with he and hurt he . as the guy try to hold he own , the string to he pants come loose and they start to fall down . he grab for they with both hand , and trevor start to back up , laugh with the rest of the group . angle on pfeelgut towel off , who be yell to trevor . pfeelgut ( cont 'd ) get he ! now !! trevor look at he for a moment , not really understanding , then see what the psychologist be say . he lunge immediately forward and ( in slow motion ) knock the guy out while he be still try to pull he pants up . angle on crowd as they enjoy the show immensely trevor have learn the lesson of the day , and he walk off . int . trevor house ­ same day establishing shot of trevor be pampered by he entourage the masseur be massage he shoulder , a woman be do a pedicure and another be do a manicure . a exercise physiologist be go over a computer print out with trevor , when a old Korean master , master kim , come into the room . trevor ah , master Kim . ( to physiologist ) I will look at this stat later . trevor indicate a seat near he , much lower than the one he be sit in . the Korean master prefer to remain stand . trevor ( cont 'd ) be all you guy name Kim ? so , what do you think ? kim ( thick accent ) you velly good fighter ... trevor ( cont 'd ) learn English , will ya ? and , tell I something I do not know ... kim a mountain lion do not ponder he weakness , and be therefore vulnerable . trevor ( after a beat ) well , I be pretty damn tired of this fortune cookie crap . ( beat ) you be history . chaunce , get ride of the bum . the butler , chauncy , come forward and walk up to master Kim . chauncy very good , sir . trevor do not come here any more , you hear ? over a little more to the leave , Sam . the masseur nod and adjust he technique accordingly . trevor ( cont 'd ) it 's hard be I , you know . so much pressure ... ext . coliseum ­ day people be stream into the large building . the marquee out front read " diamond national " . int . coliseum ­ same day establishing montage of tournament : crowd and competitor . ( some ideas , not in order ) competitor warming up ( wall front stretch , very high ; one guy kick another in the head ­ tap , tap , tap ; two man routine practice ­ another one jump in ? ; two beautiful girl sparring ; crowd assemble ; group of kid wait ­ call come over public address system , they run off ; stand outside sell high tech equipment ; different style of fighter 's clothes ­ camo , star &amp ; stripe , " headhunter " ; stern 9 year old girl do kata ; two toddler barely see through they safety equipment fight furiously ; two twin do identical kata ; break ; etc . ) angle on drew and kwan walk into the area ­ Drew be dress in the ill-fitting handmade suit by Mrs. rodriguez . people recognize he as he walk past . angle on trevor make he entrance . he be in a perfectly launder and press suit , and he assistant be carry another suit press and ready to go . competitor hey , trevor ! what 's the 2nd uniform for ? trevor the final . competitor ( after he 's go ) cocky bastard ... angle on trevor as he win a fight . angle on drew as he win . angle on trevor Drew watch , as he win again . drew again win . the stage be set for the final . angle on the ring Drew and trevor be already inside , wait . Drew fight in a mish mosh of gear ( different color , different make ) , while trevor be deck out in designer , personalize gear . announcer Fighting for the Grand championship : trevor gottitall and Drew carson . 3 round , max point . gentlemen , bow to the ref , to each other ... the referee give they a signal and the fight begin . Drew be hold he own , but trevor be scoring . after several flashy move , the round be over . score : 6 - 1 . we see trevor 's cheerleader cheer . angle on trevor' corner where he be give mineral water to drink , he shoulder be massage , etc . angle on drew's corner kwan sheepishly offer he a sip of water from a batter paper cup . 2nd round : Drew 's get beat worse than the first round . nothing he try work . the score at the end of the round be 15 - 4 , in favor of trevor . roundbreak Drew be exhaust , frustrated and worried . trevor be pump and ready to go on forever . kwan you only lose if you give up . angle on trevor' corner the psychologist be exhort he to destroy Drew . trevor lean back on he padded stool , smile . the 3rd round start . in this round , trevor be destroy Drew , make he look ridiculous . a clinch come , and ( insert here ) before they can break , trevor grab the drawstring around Drew 's waist and pull . they face off ( " 20 second " come the call ) , and trevor charge . as Drew block , he pants begin to sag . trevor , not try to score , just try to keep Drew 's hand busy , keep come . Drew 's pants drop lower and lower . when they get around he knee , he finally notice they , and reach down to get they . trevor drive and pick he up in a throw , effectively show Drew 's bare ass to the world . CUT away to crowd laugh , girl shocked , camera poise and recording , one mom put she hand over she daughter 's eye , etc . trevor dump Drew and score the final point , just as time run out . a buzzer go off , signal the end of the round . trevor thrust he fist into the air in celebration . Drew try to crawl out of the ring , and everyone be watch he . dissolve to : angle on trevor as he be be interview by tv reporter . trevor I be never worried . he 's no match for I . I just hope the 2nd place trophy be a belt ! crowd laugh , trevor 's entourage laugh the hardest . angle on drew as he pack up he stuff . dissolve to : ext . new york bridge ­ night establishing shot of drew and kwan walking along a bridge , the entire new york night skyline in the b.g . they be not talk , they be just walk , Drew kick a can and contemplate the future , and the past . int . kwan house ­ same night establishing shot of smoking acupuncture needle , its tip embedded in drew's forearm . kwan 's hand come into frame and flick the needle , send it vibrate back and forth . camera pull back to reveal Drew sit at the table in kwan 's house , the acupuncture needle in he arm and he face pensive and sad . kwan busy himself around the needle , try to alleviate the pain of Drew 's bruise . kwan next time we get that guy ... drew ( shaking he head ) no next time , master . maybe ... ( big sigh ) ... you should find a new student . I just can not do it ­ I be not get any better ! kwan ( cont 'd ) do not talk like that . at shaolin ... he pause , and decide not to tell another shaolin Temple story . Drew look at he funny ­ this be very against he character . kwan ( cont 'd ) I see a shaolin monk once . I be only 5 year old at the time , but I remember it like it be yesterday . I be come back from the market with my father . Soldiers stop we and be take the food we have just buy . it be all we have leave to eat ­ no more money . this be hard time in China , people be sell they child for food , and the soldier have no right . who can stop soldier with gun , though ? yes ? he pause , and take a sip of tea , check the needle , adjust it and turn it slightly this way and that . kwan ( cont 'd ) just as the soldier be leave , a monk step out of the crowd and tell they very calmly to put the food back . well , naturally , they do not . they push the monk , and the next thing I know the soldier be in the street , and the food be back in my father 's arm . 5 soldier , and they be in a heap on the ground , they blood mixing with the dust of the street . kwan smile with the memory ­ it be a sweet and heroic one . kwan ( cont 'd ) the crowd whisper " shaolin " , and he bow to we , touch my cheek and smile , then just walk on . I watch he until he disappear in the distance . he be larger than life , a hero to a little boy of 5 . I vow then and there to become like he , fight for right like the shaolin . he pause again , look at Drew . Drew meet he gaze , wonder why he be tell he this story . kwan ( cont 'd ) I never do , though . my family leave China and end up here in New York , a young boy 's dream leave behind in China . drew you mean ... all the storey ...? kwan ( nodd ) make up . I never train at the shaolin Temple . when I realize my dream could not come true , I convinced myself that it have anyway . it be a small step to convince other people . drew why be you tell I this ? kwan I have give you all I can , and it 's not enough . it be never enough . you be like a son to I , Drew , and you have all the potential in the world , but I can not take you where you want to go . kwan take the needle out of Drew 's arm , and then rub the spot where it be with a cotton ball . kwan ( cont 'd ) there , that should control the swell . he watch Drew , who be ponder what kwan have say . drew so you be not a shaolin ? kwan no . drew never be ? kwan no . Drew nod , a idea form in he head . a slight smile form on he face . kwan be expect he to be angry , he never expect this . kwan ( cont 'd ) what ? drew if you be not a shaolin warrior , then I will become one . kwan what be you talk about ? drew I be go to the shaolin Temple ­ they can train I so I will never lose like that again . kwan feel Drew 's forehead . a long beat here as kwan study Drew 's eye . kwan he hit you so hard , you be delirious . I will get a cold cloth . he start to get up , but Drew grab he arm and force he back down . drew ( eye intent ) do not you see ? you say yourself I need the right training ­ where better than the shaolin Temple ? what 's hold I here ? I have the chance to do what you could not . I will go to the shaolin Temple . kwan look at he , realize he 's serious . he nod he head , give the idea serious consideration . he smile along with Drew . kwan I must pay for you ticket ... drew no ! I will make it there myself . kwan I grow up on the storey of the shaolin , and you can be that storey . you can live my dream for I ­ at least let I help you . let a old man make up for the trouble he 's cause . kwan touch Drew 's bruise cheek , fatherly love in he eye . Drew nod he head , then bow in the traditional chinese manner . drew master ... montage of departure angle on drew and kwan as kwan hand he a " northwest airline " ticket . angle on drew as he pack for China . angle on kwan and drew as kwan drop draw off at the airport . Drew take he suitcase and walk into the airport . ext . chang a lu ­ day establishing shot of drew running along beijing's chang a lu , a sea of bicycle around he . bicycle bell ring loudly as figure dress in the same drab clothes ride around he , they face cover with scarve and surgical mask against the northern China dirt . camera pull back to reveal tian a men square and the huge photo of chairman mao on the front of the meridian Gate of the forbidden City . Drew continue he run , past a group of western - dress lyou mang , who watch he run by through dark glass . Drew run through a large city park , stop to watch a group of older citizen go through tai Zhi routine under the weep willow tree there . Drew run through a open air food market , pick he way through flipping fish , dead frog and all kind of fruit and vegetable . people yell at each other , try to get the best price . Young man brush he tooth in the street . a group of toddler , strung together with rope , walk down the street , they split pants show glimpsis of bare bottom as they walk . ext . train station ­ same day establishing shot of seriously overcrowded train , people pushing and shove to get on . Drew walk up to it , a huge backpack on he back . he hesitates a moment , then start force he way onto the train like everyone else . he manage to get in through a window . int . crowded train ­ same day there be no seat . Drew take he pack off and sit on it . next to he be a old man , he tooth red and rotted from betel nut juice . the man smile at Drew . ext . china countryside ­ day train rushing through the countryside . drew Pov ext . countryside ­ day Drew watch the countryside go by . temple , farm and rice paddy slide by , with a occasionally glimpse of the great Wall . ext . great wall ­ day establishing shot of drew , backpack on , as he walk on the great wall . ext . china countryside ­ night train rushing through darkened countryside . int . luoyang train station ­ day establishing shot of drew getting off the train . he stop on the platform for a moment , a huge colorful chinese billboard in the b.g. a transit cop quickly come up to he and prod he into motion . Drew walk on , pass a sign that read " luoyang " . ext . chinese street ­ day establishing shot of drew making he way toward the shaolin temple . he stop at a drink stand and order one . as soon as he stop , he be ringed with people watch he every move ­ he feel almost like a movie star . the woman in the stand hand he a drink , and take the money out of he hand . drew where be the shaolin Temple ? shaolin ? the woman just smile and shake she head , not comprehend . angle on drew walk aimlessly . he come to a intersection and see a sign that say " shaolin Temple " with a arrow . he go in the direction that the arrow point . ext . girl school ­ same day establishing shot of group of girl stand outside there school . Drew walk up and say hello . drew hello , lady ! can you tell I how to get to the shaolin Temple ? they titter with laughter , cover they mouth with they hand . Drew be not really amused , however , he be frustrated and tired . drew ( cont 'd ) the shaolin Temple ? how hard can that be ? geez , do not anyone speak English here ? angle on ashema as she push she way to the front of the group . she be a strikingly beautiful young woman . ashema I do . but would not it make more sense for you to speak chinese than to expect we to speak English ? drew ( flustered ) you be right . I apologize ­ I have just be try to get to the temple for a long time now . ashema why do you want to find the temple ? drew ( not without pride ) I be go to join the temple as a monk . ashema translate this for she friend , and they titter anew . they gesture to Drew 's longish hair and laugh , and then make some attempt at martial art movement . ashema ( cont 'd ) I be go that way ­ I can take you . drew you have a car ? ashema the next best thing . ( beat ) this be a chinese car . she pull out she standard - issue black bicycle ­ she have customize it , however , with some colorful addition . ashema ( cont 'd ) hop on . Drew do , and they take off , the girl from the school tittering as they drive off . ext . chinese street ­ same day establishing shot of ashema pedaling drew . it be not the most stable ride ­ ashema be struggle to keep move , while Drew be do he best to stay on the bike . dissolve to : ext . chinese street ­ same day establishing shot of drew pedaling ashema . he be riding strongly , and she be comfortable in the back . they be get stare from the people they pass , but ashema seem to be enjoy the attention . Drew hit a bump , and ashema hold he waist a little tighter . neither of they mind ­ in fact , Drew start look for more bump . he pull around the corner into a wide area line with drink and food stand . ashema we be here . drew stop the bike and look back at her . ashema gesture to the temple front , and drew turn in awe . ext . shaolin temple ­ same day establishing shot of the temple . this be it ­ the temple he come halfway around the world to see . the shaolin Temple , the birthplace of the martial art . drew whoa ! ashema climb off the back and take the bike from Drew , marvel at he awe -struck face . ashema I have to help my grandfather with we stand . if you get a chance , come by later . drew ( distract ) I will try , but monk be not allow to be around girl . ashema good luck . drew shaolin monk do not need luck ... ( beat ) hey , thanks a lot for the ride . I hope I see you again . they wave at each other , and ashema push she bike off . Drew turn back to stare at the front of the temple . he be let it all sink in . after a moment , he pick up he backpack and head for the front door . he pull it open and disappear inside . int . shaolin temple ­ same day establishing shot of temple interior as drew open the heavy door . the mute half light inside be in direct contrast to the sunlight of the day outside . Drew quietly close the front door , and the half light take over . he walk through the temple proper , and what follow be a montage of temple shot , establish the feel of the temple : the famous shaolin monk painting , the depression in the floor of the training hall , the incense blacken wall of the temple , the temple figurine , the red lantern hang from the ceiling , a huge wooden carve of bodhidharma , etc . no one be around . Drew continue to explore , look for someone to talk to . he wander into another hall , follow the o.s. sound of chanting . once inside this hall , he see a group of monk , amid hang incense burner and paper lantern , sit down on the floor chant in rhythm . no one notice that Drew be stand there . the monk eye be open , but they do not seem to see he . he stand there for a moment , then shrug and walk out of that hall . he go into a corridor , then pass the " wooden man chamber " . he stick he head in , and sees all kind of wooden statue line up . he almost start in , but be distracted by the sound of training outside ( o.s. ) . he walk out in search of the sound . ext . training area ­ same day establishing shot of training area . all manner of training equipment be stand outside ( wooden man , post , hang target , heavy bag , iron palm jug , balance beam , etc . ) . a monk , the drill sergeant ( hereafter D.S. ) , be stand in front of a wooden post , drive he hand into the wood . the post trembles with every strike . Drew stand next to the monk , watch he intently . again , the monk take no notice of he . drew Excuse I , master . no answer . drew ( cont 'd ) hello ? busy , huh ? still no answer . the man be just slamm he hand into the post , over and over . Drew sigh and walk on . he go down a path , and flowering bush be on either side of he . he can see the " pagoda forest " in the distance . at the end of the path , a monk , san do , be sweeping up the path . Drew walk up to the monk and bow . drew ( cont 'd ) master , may I ask you a question ? no answer nor response . Drew 's kind of tired of this treatment . drew ( cont 'd ) what 's the deal here ? be everybody deaf in this temple ? even if you hear I , you would not understand , would you ? huh , baldy ? shine you head for a quarter ? he walk off frustrated , wonder what he have to do to get notice . he walk back into the chant chamber . int . temple ­ same day the monk be still chant . Drew stand there , listen some more , move with the beat , until they stop chant . Drew , think it be some kind of performance , clap he hand . drew that be great ! great ! the monk finally take notice of he , and they be shocked . monk 1 no tourist ! Temple close ! drew so you can see I ?!? several monk rush up and start herding Drew towards the exit . monk 1 ( very agitate ) no tourist ! no tourist ! Drew stop they progress and make sure he have the monk 's attention . drew ( cont 'd ) I be not a tourist ! I want to be a monk ! the monk stop , he face a mask of shock . he call to another monk , and they have a short conversation in chinese . admission monk that 's not possible . drew what do you mean , sir ? admission monk the training be too difficult . besides , shaolin policy be no foreigner . drew I do not come all this way , from America , to get turn away . I want in . I want to become a shaolin monk . admission monk what people want and what they can have be often not the same . drew not in this case . monk oh , yes , especially in this case . drew I be not leave . Drew start to sit down , intent on stay , almost like a kid who be go to hold he breath until he turn blue . monk you give I no choice . ( to other monk ) remove he . he continue in a stream of chinese , and the other monk grab Drew and physically force he to stand up and start move he towards the door . drew I just want to be a monk ! Drew be force through the courtyard to the front door . they pass the monk who be sweeping up in the back of the temple . he watch with interest as they open the door and force Drew through it , out of the temple . he smile . CUT to : ext . shaolin courtyard ­ same day establishing shot of drew landing on the flagstone of the courtyard with a thump ! a group of people stop and watch the foreigner . the temple door close with a solid boom . drew hey ! what about my ... the temple door open again , and out come Drew 's backpack . it land next to he , but spew out a couple of pair of underwear , and some sock . the people stand around laugh . Drew gather up the clothing and stuff it back into he pack . he sit there for a moment , then get up and head for the small shop and stand ringing the courtyard . he walk past a couple of the stall , look at the people run they . he do not see ashema . he pass a tea stall , where one old man be sit down sip he tea . the old man look at Drew and smile , and Drew be about to walk on , when ashema stand up from where she be squatting behind she stall . ashema Drew ? drew hi. Drew sit down heavily , put he pack down next to he . ashema place a cup of tea down in front of he , the steam rise from it . drew ( cont 'd ) make it a double . Rough day . ashema what happen ? drew they kick I out ... dissolve to : ext . temple stand ­ evening establishing shot of drew , ashema and old man , still sitting at the table , now lit by candle and a lantern . a bunch of tea bowl be scattered in front of Drew , as if he 's be drink heavily . he point to he teacup , and ashema shake she head . ashema you have have enough . Drew 's shoulder slump even more . ashema ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's for the best , Drew . you belong in America . New york. drew I have to do this . I can not go home , not until I be a monk . I would be even more of a disgrace ... the old man talk to ashema for the first time . he chatter in chinese , motion towards Drew . ashema not now , bau bau . drew bau bau ? ashema my nickname for he . he want to tell you a story about the temple . the grandfather keep talk , even though ashema and Drew really do not want to listen . ashema ( cont 'd ) he be tell a story about a monk who be refuse admission into the temple . it break he heart not to be allow to be a monk . drew what do he do ? ashema say something to he , and he continue in chinese . ashema he decide not to leave . he stay in the courtyard until they let he in . drew how long ? ashema a long time ­ through the worst weather . he just sit there , unmove , through rain , sleet , snow . drew do they let he in ? ashema no. ( beat ) of course they do ­ what kind of story do you think my bau bau would tell ? he stay in front of the temple until they could no longer say no . he go on to become one of the most famous monk in the history of the temple . Drew sit there , think , let it all soak in . he then get up and smile . drew please tell you grandfather , you bau bau , he be a wise man . and that he tell a good story . the grandfather smile at he , nodd he head . ashema what be you go to do ? be you go home ? Drew shake he head . drew I be camp out . he start away from the stand . drew ( cont 'd ) in front of the temple . he walk off into the chinese night . ext . shaolin temple ­ early morn establishing shot of mist -laden courtyard . the sun be barely come up , and only a few shaft of light be illuminate the darkness . a figure can be see sit cross -legge in front of the door . it be Drew , backpack at he side . the front door open and a monk poke he head out to look around , and he see Drew sit there . his eye widen in shock , then he quickly disappear inside . almost immediately , the door open again , and the admission monk be stand there , surprised and angry to see Drew sit there . admission monk go home ! you can not stay here ! no response from Drew . he just sit there , stare straight ahead . admission monk ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? go away ! Drew do not move . San De , the sweeping monk , walk out of the open door , a monk behind he carry a suitcase . he walk past Drew , notice he sit there . he walk on . the admission monk slam the door , angry . ext . temple ­ montage section angle on drew sweat in the hot sunshine sweat be run into Drew 's eye , and he be try to keep they from sting . angle on drew be tormented by local kide they be play game around he , throw stone at he , mess with he hair and he clothes , touch the thing in he backpack ( frisbee , football , walkman ) , etc . angle on drill sergeant as he come out of the temple , chase away the kid . when they be go , he turn to Drew . drill sergeant will you give up ? I think so . angle on drew shivering in the dead of night his eye be close , and it be obvious he be very uncomfortable . angle on spider as it crawl out to see drew it linger for a moment , then go away . angle on drew be fed by ashema she be give he food , and all he be move be he mouth . they do not speak . angle on drew sitting in the rain he be miserable , and he be look at the relative comfort of the stand around the temple , where there be food , warmth and light . his spirit be waver . angle on drew be fed by ashema again ashema give this up , Drew ! please ? no response from Drew . just a small smile . angle on spider , who be back this time it stay even longer . Drew look down at it and smile . angle on monk from temple look out the window at the crazy foreigner in they courtyard . angle on drew in courtyard as a school group come through the temple . the child be tie together with a rope , and the teacher motion to the crazy american . Drew have become a attraction ! angle on drew , surrounded by old men they be marvel at he perserverance . angle on drew , wind and rain this time it do not seem to bother he so much . angle on drew with ashema and her bau bau there bau bau speak quickly in chinese . ashema ( cont 'd ) my bau bau say , keep it up ! he be proud of you ... Drew nod . angle on drew surrounded by kide they be no longer torment he , they be play around and with he . Drew be not move , but he be part of they group . angle on drew , the spider now sitting on he hand Drew stare at the spider , he companion in the vigil . angle on drew , bird all around he the bird be keep he company , and they be sing for he . angle on drew , the full moon in the b.g. Drew 's form be firm and solid , the determination in he eye easily see as he stare at the moon . he will see this through . ext . temple ­ day establishing shot of drew still sitting in the courtyard . the old monk , San De , come back , the same monk follow behind he with the suitcase . he look at Drew , a little surprise show in he face at see the american still there . he do not stop , though . he go into the temple , shaking he head . angle on drew same as the first shot , all alone in the temple . dissolve to : ext . shaolin temple ­ same day establishing shot of courtyard , drew all alone . the door to the temple open and out come San De , alone this time . he walk over to where Drew be , stare at he for a moment , then sit down across from he . Drew try not to look at he . San De run he hand across he bald pate and smile . san do my head be shiny enough already , do not you think ? Drew , in shock at he ability to speak English , sputter drew you ... you speak English ? I be sorry , I be just goof ... I apologize , master . I do not mean to make fun of you ... San De shrug it off . apology accept . san do what be you try to do ? drew I want to become a monk ­ they will not let I in ... hey , you be just a grunt , a janitor sweeping up and all , do not sweat it . it 's not you problem ... san do why be you sit here ? drew I get the idea from a story about a monk who would not leave . I think ... San De nod . san do have it be hard ? drew it be at first . I be uncomfortable , in pain , actually , but as time go on , I get ... into it , I guess . the sacrifice make I feel ... in control , you know what I mean ? san do ( nodd ) much of the training at the temple be in that direction ­ self sacrifice . tell I more . drew at first I be really bored , and very lonely . but then , thing change . maybe it 's like hit the wall in run ­ it be like I become part of the courtyard , and I feel powerful . even the spider become my friend ... Drew open up he hand to reveal a spider sit in he palm . drew ( cont 'd ) it be a incredible experience ­ I say I would do it , and I do it . San De , watch Drew intently , smile at this last . he stand up and bow to Drew . Drew bow back , from he seat position . san do I wish you all the best . drew same to you . San De turn and go into the temple , leave Drew still sit in the courtyard , the set sun in the b.g . dissolve to : ext . shaolin temple ­ day establishing shot of courtyard , drew all alone . o.s. come the sound of gong and drum . a crowd have gather in the courtyard . ashema and she grandfather be in the crowd , and they work themselves up to where Drew be . Drew turn he head , and a procession of kid about he age ( some older and some young ) come walk into the courtyard . the front door to the temple open wide , and a column of monk , all in they best saffron robe , be line up wait to receive they . the young man who be walk in all still have hair , and they be carry some baggage . they begin to enter the temple . ashema they be disciple . this be the last class for fight monk at shaolin . Drew , very concerned , watch as the monk - to - be file through the temple door . the mother and father of the boy watch proudly as the last one go through . the temple door close . angle on drew who be crush . his chance be go . ashema ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Drew . it be a good effort . Drew be sit there , try to understand what be happen when the door to the temple open again . the drill sergeant appear in the doorway and impatiently motion for Drew to come in . the crowd have stop and be watch the drama unfold . Drew get up warily , expect some trick . the drill sergeant motion again , want Drew to hurry up . Drew look at ashema and she bau bau and smile . he pick up he backpack and start towards the temple , limping from sit for so long . the crowd go crazy , clap and yell . Drew run into the temple . the door close behind he . int . shaolin temple ­ same day establishing shot of interior of temple . the line of disciple have stop , wait for Drew . Drew , back pack in hand , take he place at the end of the line . they parade past a line of monk assemble in the courtyard inside the temple . as they walk by , some of the monk look nonpluse , while a few be put out by the fact that Drew be among they . several of the disciple turn around to look at Drew , and a couple be openly hostile to he . they file up to a raise platform , on which stand 20 monk , each hold a scroll in they hand , one monk for every new disciple . a go sound , and the question begin . angle on first disciple who be ask ... monk do you accept the authority of the shaolin patriarch ? disciple 1 yes , without pause . angle on drew monk do you renounce the earthly world ? drew sure do , master . you bet . the monk pause , for that be not the ritual answer to the question . the drill sergeant come up to he and whisper in he ear , and the monk then continue . monk will you abide by the rule of the temple , even if it mean death ? drew I do . the drill sergeant come up behind Drew and whack he in the side with he elbow . drill sergeant ( whisper ) answer " yes , without pause . " drew ( rub he side ) yes , without pause . angle on another disciple monk who be the patriarch of the shaolin Temple ? disciple 2 bodhidharma . angle on drew monk do you accept the shr fu at the shaolin Temple as you spiritual leader ? drew yes , without pause . the drill sergeant nod he head . monk will a fight monk ever use he skill for personal gain ? Drew pause , look at the drill sergeant . the D.S. nod , urging he on . drew yes , without pause . the D.S. put he hand over he eye . drew ( cont 'd ) I mean , no , of course not . then , another go sound , and the quiz be conclude . a figure move down a corridor in beautiful robe . everyone bow down , they eye on the floor , to the figure , who be move towards the raise platform in the center . Drew , also bow down , sneak a peak at the figure . it be San De ! San De catch he eye and smile slightly . he wink at Drew , then clear he throat . everyone stand up again . san do do this disciple accept the authority of the shaolin Temple ? drill sergeant yes , without pause , master San De . angle on drew who now know that the monk he call a " janitor " be the headmaster ! drew ( under he breath ) I will be damned ! the disciple next to he , gao , poke he sharply in the rib . gao shut up ! drew ( hold he side ) oh , unbelievable , in the same place ... san do be they ready to begin they training ? drill sergeant they be . san do then , let we welcome they into we rank ! gong go off , firecracker be set off , and a special flag be raise on the flag pole . a roar come from the crowd outside . angle on the disciple all of whom be happy . all , that be , except for gao , who be stare at Drew . Drew , notice the stare . drew you get a problem , man ? gao you , american ... angle on san do when the noise subside . san do you training begin tomorrow . for now , you shr fu will introduce you to we temple . welcome to shaolin . San De walk away , and the disciple be split into several " platoon " . Drew be match up with the drill sergeant , and gao be also in he group . drew great , just great . they be motion to follow gao out of the courtyard and into the temple proper . int . shaolin temple ­ same day Drew walk behind the other disciple , who be lining up to get they robe . as he take he place in line , a monk come up to take Drew 's backpack . Drew resist , and a tug of war ensue . drew what be you do , man ? monk you must surrender this . drew no way , man ! get you own ... the drill sergeant see the scuffle and walk over . D.S. it be unseemly to argue like this . take the backpack into the sleep quarter . ( to Drew ) do not cling to material thing ­ it be not good for you soul . he walk away , and Drew reluctantly give up he backpack . Drew line back up , and be about to get he robe , when gao slide over and take they from he . Drew immediately shove he and try to grab the robe back . gao smile and move away , hold the robe up and away from Drew . Drew be piss and ready to go after gao . before he can , however , li , another disciple , grab another set of robe from the table and give it to Drew , pull he away from the confrontation . drew ( cont 'd ) what 's with that guy ? li watch out for gao . he 's trouble . drew really ? I have not notice ... why would they let he in , anyway ? li who know ? maybe for the challenge ? drew no , that be I ... they both smile and walk off . dissolve to : int . temple ­ same day establishing shot of monk having there head shave . the camera move down the line of monk , as they hair be shave off in clump . Drew be stand next to he chair , argue with the D.S. about the haircut . drew Mr. James design my hair , master . I do not think ... d.s . this will symbolize you final break from the outside world . drew ( cont 'd ) can not I just wear a patch ? the D.S. shake he head , and Drew sit down , unhappy . the barber start on Drew 's head , big clump of hair fall down to the floor . ext . shaolin courtyard ­ evening establishing shot of monk , there head newly shave , stand out in the courtyard . they be run they hand over they head . Drew come out of the building , he head shave completely clean . drew what outside world ? I do not want to be see by anybody ... he rub he hand over he head , and then see the other . Li be smile . drew ( cont 'd ) if I look half as stupid as you guy do , I be really in trouble ... int . dorm ­ night establishing shot of there sleeping quarter , as the monk file in , LED by the d.s . a number of cot be line up side by side . the D.S. have assign a bed to each monk . Drew find he bed , which be right next to gao 's . gao I want another bed . D.S. why ? gao ( cont 'd ) I will not sleep next to the american . D.S. we be no longer chinese or Americans , han or mongol . we be shaolin . everyone be a monk . gao ( cont 'd ) well , this monk smell ! Drew unconsciously smell himself . he shake he head . Li go up to the D.S. and point to the bed he be assign . li I will switch with disciple gao . D.S. nod , and then start for the door . D.S. go to sleep . no talk ! we have a early day of training tomorrow . gao collect he stuff and start off to the new bed , hit Drew with he shoulder . Drew trip he as he walk away , all do very secretively since the D.S. be watch . drew jerk ! Li come over to the new bed , and in silence they get climb into they respective bed . D.S. switch off the light , then leave , and Drew stare up at the ceiling . drew ( cont 'd ) thanks for what you do . li where be you from ? drew New York City . you ? li Beijing . what be New York like ? drew amazing . I will tell you about ... gao shut up ! drew blow I ! Drew wait for a moment , fearful that the D.S. will be come back in . he do not . drew ( cont 'd ) good night , li. li Wan a . dissolve to : angle on drew , sleeping all be quiet . suddenly , a huge stick enter frame , and it pause for a moment above Drew , before thumping down on top of he . Drew cry out when he be hit , and jump out of bed , look all around he . no one be there . a few of the disciple be move around because he yell , but there be nothing else there . Drew , belatedly , get into a fight stance , but no other attack be come . angle on gao who seem to be sleep peacefully . angle on drew as he climb back into bed , bone -weary . he lie back down to sleep . int . shaolin temple ­ morning establishing shot of latrine . Drew stumble in , bleary - eye , to relieve himself . he stand at the urinal , relax as he start . suddenly , a huge stick whack Drew across the rear end , the SOUND reverberate through the latrine . Drew yelp and jump , look around for the attacker . no one be there , and he underwear be now all wet . int . dine room ­ same day establishing tight shot of rice gruel ( " water rice " ) , a spoon stirring the meager mixture . camera pull back to reveal Drew sit with Li and some other disciple . Drew make a face . drew you get to be kid . the D.S. come up behind and grab the bowl from he . D.S. you do not like it , do not eat it . he take the bowl away . drew ( cont 'd ) I do not say I be not go to eat it ... geez ! he turn to the rest of the disciple . drew ( cont 'd ) well , at least we start training today , right , guy ? a chorus of yeah . int . dorm room ­ same day establishing shot of dorm room , all the disciple changing into there workout clothes . they be the standard fight monk issue ­ suitable for martial art training . drew wonder what they will start we with first ? li Iron Palm ? shu wooden man , I think . wu no , it will be basic , first day . horse stance , kick and punch ... when they be all dress , they run out of the room . ext . training area ­ same day establishing shot of all the disciple line up , ready for the training . in the b.g. be the fight monk , go through they routine . angle on fighting monk as they go through form or free sparring . there be shot of monk throw star , work with weapon , etc . it be all very exciting . angle on drew who be more excited than all the other . angle on the D.S. as he walk to the front of the group . in he hand he be carry a shovel . D.S. bodhidharma , the patriarch of the shaolin Temple teach we that to train the mind , we first have to train the body . angle on wu , who shield he mouth and whisper wu basic , I tell you . angle on d.s . who motion to one of the monk behind he , who have a wheelbarrow fill with shovel . D.S. each one of you take a shovel . drew we be use the shovel as weapon ? D.S. ( smile ) weapon ... ( beat ) ... in the war on infection . D.S. motion with he hand , and in the distance be the latrine building . D.S. ( cont 'd ) you will be digging today , digging we new latrine . drew latrine ? why ? D.S. a shaolin fight monk - in training do not ask question . he just obey . the D.S. lead the way to the latrine building , and the disciple follow , each of they carry a shovel . Drew be trudging along , not believe what they be do . drew ( cont 'd ) I come halfway around the world to dig latrine ? I could have just join the army ... dissolve to : latrine work area ­ montage montage sequence of work detail . angle on drew and the other disciple digging with they shovel . they training clothes be already sweat through and dirty . they shirt be off , and they arm muscle be bulg and shine in the hot sunshine . angle on drew as he lift up two heavy bucket of dirt on a pole , then place the pole on he shoulder , the muscle in he arm , shoulder and back strain . he walk off to the side of the area to dump it . as he dump the dirt , a pole appear and crack across he back . he drop the bucket and fall to the ground . he get up as quickly as he can , but there be no one to be see . angle on drew and disciple as they be work hard on the latrine . Drew be teach they a american song as they work . drew ( cont 'd ) " ai not no cure for the shaolin Temple blue ... " or " work on a chain gang " or ( cont 'd ) " I fight the law and the law win " or ( cont 'd ) " 16 ton " the monk be sing along with he . all except for gao . angle on drew and disciple as they eat there lunch it be again very meager : a bowl of rice , a bowl of soup and a piece of scrawny meat . Drew look at it for a moment . the D.S. be stand over he shoulder . D.S. any problem ? Drew shake he head and start to eat , quickly . angle on drew as he load up a two basket of dirt onto he pole . he get it up onto he shoulder , in pain , and start to walk . immediately , the D.S. be there in front of he . he examine the basket . they be not full . he move quickly and dump both basket of dirt . drew ( shocked ) what would you do that for ? D.S. do a job well or do not do it . angle on gao and the disciple as they be in line for water . they each drink a large glass full , then move back to they work area . Drew be the last in line . when Drew get to the front , the D.S. smile and shake he head . D.S. sorry , all go . get some more . Drew stare at all the water spill onto the ground , then look up at the D.S. , then force a smile . he take the profer bucket of water ( make of wood , with point bottom and large handle ) . the D.S. indicate that they be to be hold straight out to the side , to work on the shoulder muscle . Drew turn and walk away , mutter to himself . drew ( cont 'd ) I be gonna get you , man . oh , yeah ... gao be laugh as he watch Drew go . ext . shaolin temple ­ same day establishing shot of drew filling the bucket in the stream . once they be fill , he start back for the temple . his shoulder be strain from the weight of the bucket . he go over the path to the temple , have to negotiate log over chasm , etc . after various trial and tribulation , Drew arrive at the temple , he arm incredibly tired . the D.S. be there wait for he . Drew , determine not to show any weakness , raise the bucket a little bit higher . he come to the D.S. , proud and defiant . the D.S. motion for he to put the bucket down . without think , Drew , put the bucket down , and they both fall over , spilling they content onto the ground . Drew try to stop they , but he 's too late . the water have all spill out onto the ground . drew do not tell I , I know . get more water ... int . dorm room ­ night establishing shot of disciple all in bed . they be exhaust from they work . Drew be lie in bed , he eye wide open , ready to get attack . angle on drew as he eye go close , finally . ext . work area ­ day establishing shot of drew walking on a ridge between two large hole , carrying huge basket of dirt on he pole . he be balance as he walk . angle on gao who be work at the other end . he start across the same ridge . they come to the middle : a stand off . gao back up and let I pass . drew no chance , gao . you back up . gao smile and shake he head . gao start forward , and whack Drew in the leg with a leg sweep . Drew try to keep he balance , and fight a valient , but lose battle . he fall over the side , the dirt in he bucket fly everywhere . gao wipe he hand off and continue walk . closeup on drew's bloody hand a huge splinter stick out of it . he be in real pain . the D.S. walk over and look at the splinter , and in one move pull it out . D.S. ( heartlessly ) shaolin monk feel no pain . rub some dirt on it and you will be fine . he walk away . angle on drew and the disciple on a work break . they be watch the monk training in the distance . it be all the more desirable because it be unattainable . in the distance , a monk can be see walk between two other monk . they be lead he out . the monk continue walk until he walk right in front of the disciple . his face and body be cover with bruise and welt . the two other monk do not say a word , they face grim . Li turn to the D.S. li what happen ? D.S. he fail to pass through the wooden man chamber . he must leave the temple . the D.S. walk off . li ( cont 'd ) the " wooden man chamber " ! the ultimate test of a shaolin monk ... wu do you see he face ? shu poor guy . gao he just be not good enough . I would not be surprised if half of we go out the same way . the D.S. appear and motion for they to work . int . meditation hall ­ day establishing shot of disciple , drew in the middle , sitting in rows in the incense - filled meditation chamber . the monk in charge of the chamber be talk to they . meditation monk breath in through you nose , out through you mouth . imagine yourself sit on the bank of a river watch you thought flow by . clear you mind ... think of nothing . Drew sit , try to think of nothing . he be not succeed . int . dine area ­ night establishing shot of drew washing dish , alone in the kitchen area . he bend over to get a dish , when a pole come and smack he on the rear end . he turn immediately in one direction , but get hit again from the other direction . Drew be furious , and he can not even see the attacker . drew come out , goddamn it ! show yourself ! no answer , as we hold on Drew look around . ext . work area ­ day establishing shot of dark brown liquid be poured into a large pit . Drew be walk with Li , have just dumped they bucket into a large hole . drew so what be this ' night soil ' stuff anyway ? li human waste . drew oh , man ! you guy actually use this as fertilizer ? that 's disgusting ! they turn to go back , and there be gao , balance a huge basket of night soil over he head , peasant-style . he be on the same ridge that they be go to walk on . drew ( cont 'd ) hi , gao . how you do ? gao ( a little worried ) let I pass . he reach down and pluck a stick out of the earth at he foot , and then close on gao a little bit . drew ( cont 'd ) there 's something on the bottom of you basket . Drew poke at the basket for a moment , right over gao 's head . then , he jam the stick in , and hold it there . drew ( cont 'd ) oops ! I think I find the problem . ( beat ) a hole . Drew pull the stick out and watch as the night soil cascade down onto gao 's head . they back away as gao go run towards the pit where the night soil be deposit . drew ( cont 'd ) ( to Li ) well , somebody sure smell ! ext . work area ­ day the disciple be working extremely hard . as they work , a group of fight monk walk by after a workout . Drew stop work and watch they pass . drew this be ridiculous . suddenly , a bamboo pole crack Drew on the shoulder . he turn around , ready for a fight , only to see the D.S. stand there , the pole raise for another strike . D.S. back to work . Drew be about to say something , but do not . he return to work . dorm area ­ night angle on drew massaging he muscle he be sit with Li and a couple of the other disciple , Wu , shu and low . drew ( cont 'd ) I have get a idea on how to get even with we beloved drill sergeant ... they all huddle a little closer . ext . shaolin temple ­ day establishing shot of D.S. as he walk along the path . in the b.g. can be see Drew , Li , Wu and a couple other of the disciple . they be wait for something . the D.S. hit the trip wire and suddenly two bamboo pole hurtle towards he , ready to slam he in the shoulder . with one beautiful move , the D.S. break both pole , shatter when they hit he arm . the D.S. hardly break stride and continue walk . he look back once , and see the outline of the group of disciple . angle on drew and the guy who be up and run as soon as they be spot . they run by gao , who be watch from another area . ext . D.S. quarter ­ same day establishing shot of gao waiting outside D.S. room . he look around , knock , and then go in . ext . courtyard ­ same day establishing shot of entire CLASS gathere together . the D.S. walk into the front of the courtyard and address the group . gao be stand off to the side , a smug smile on he face . D.S. you be all responsible for anything that happen within you group . what happen yesterday fall on everyone 's shoulder . so , all of you will do double work ... angle on gao the smug smile go now . int . meditation room ­ day establishing shot of group of disciple seated on round pillow practising zazen , sitting meditation . Drew be in the center of the room , and the sound of light snore be hear . angle on drew it be he , he be asleep ! suddenly , a bamboo shinai be slammed across Drew 's back , waking he up . meditation monk bodhidharma meditate for 9 year without sleep . think you can manage 9 minute ? ext . work area ­ day establishing shot of the entire group laboring in the field . they be all sing " chain gang " . tight on several of the disciple they be good worker , and they do not mind the hard work nor the hot weather quite so much . angle on drew work hard . int . dorm area ­ night angle on drew who be hold court . drew we come here to train , not to be slave ! we be free man ... mu but we swore to obey they ... drew a uninformed choice be no choice at all ! mu huh ? drew we have to stand up for we rights ! if they do not even know we be dissatisfied , thing will never change . gao they have not change for century , why should we listen to you ? drew be we man or mouse ? sheep or the shepherd ? wu I be with you ! the other be with he too , except for gao . they be ready to explode , and Drew have the match . drew I be for go to the headmaster right now ! they be all ready . they head for the door , but gao do not move . Drew stop at the door and turn to gao . drew ( cont 'd ) you be either with we , gao , or you be against we . no answer from gao . they exit the room . int . hallway ­ same night establishing shot of drew and the boy rushing down the corridor , heading for san de's quarter . angle on D.S. head for the same place but from a different direction . int . shaolin hallway ­ same night establishing shot of group assembled outside san de's chamber . Drew go to knock on the door , when it open and San De be stand there . the D.S. have just arrive . he look at San De for instruction , but San De indicate that he will deal with they . drew master San De ! san do who else ? drew we have something to say ... san do this be a interesting coincidence , as I be just on my way to you sleep quarter to talk with you all . drew I request permission to go first . san do I think I would better ... drew no , really , I want to ... San De hold up he hand . he be the final authority . san do here at the temple , we use a period of intense physical labor to test you patience , and to teach you humility and self-reliance . as you continue training , you will be give chore every day ­ remember the first time you see I I be sweeping ? physical labor keep we humble . angle on the disciple who tonight have be anything but humble . san do ( cont 'd ) you have all perform admirably , and have learn a important lesson ­ to obey you shr fu without question . because of this , I have decide to begin you martial training sooner than what be prescribe . tomorrow morning . the disciple can hardly believe they luck . san do ( cont 'd ) and , what do you have to say to I ? angle on drew who be sputtering now . drew I ... I mean we , just want to ... thank you for the opportunity to be part of the illustrious history of the shaolin Temple . ( beat ) yeah , that 's it . right , guy ? they all say " thank you " as one , and then bow to the headmaster with they hand clasped in front of they . they turn away and head down the hallway . angle on the disciple as they increase they pace , almost run through the hall with they excitement . int . dorm area ­ same night establishing shot of door to the sleeping quarter . suddenly , it burst open and in come the disciple , lead by Drew . they fan out into the room , Drew in the center . drew gentlemen , this call for a party ! he run to he backpack and pull out a boom box with speaker , and put on some good old american rock ' not Roll . everyone , but gao , be move in time with the music . Drew be the most accomplish dancer , but the other be pretty bad . the entire effect of the bald - head monk rock out be very comic . Drew start show Li and Wu a couple of dance routine ( old stuff ­ the swim , the twist , etc . ) . everyone be have a great time . angle on gao glowering , as he move toward the boom box . he reach for the " stop " button . Drew block the arm , and a push and shove match start . gao you be try to get we all kick out ! drew I be just try to have a party . chill out ! they push and shove into the middle of the room , a couple of kick and punch throw , then they face off , ready to duke it out . the party be raging , while gao and Drew be the only one static , set to do battle . just then , the door start to open . everyone freeze and look toward the door , include gao . Drew , meanwhile , have the presence of mind to jump onto the boom box , shutting it off and hide it with he body . angle on door as the D.S. open it and stick he head in . he survey the room , see the tableau of freeze monk , with Drew lie on he bed . angle on drew who wave to the d.s . angle on the D.S. who know that something be go on . D.S. go to sleep . light out . he hit the light and then close the door . in the semi-darkness the room relax in a collective sigh . Drew stand up and pack up the stereo . gao walk over past Drew . gao it 's not over , american . int . MAIN chamber ­ morning establishing shot of chamber full of fighting monk , all go through the same set of movement . kick. punch . kick. punch . intercut of foot strike the stone floor , depression in the floor testify to the century of training this chamber have see . through the door come the D.S. , Drew and the other . they line up along one wall , watch the fight monk go through they form . it be beautiful : powerful , graceful and intimidating . they form do , they file out of the chamber , leave the D.S. with he group , along with one fight monk . the D.S. motion for they to line up as the monk have . D.S. you will train 6 day a week , from 5 be to 9 p.m. , alternate with work and meditation . Sunday afternoon be free time . D.S. let that sink in , then motion for the monk to take over . monk in order to keep we body strong , bodhidharma give we a series of exercise and breathe technique . because the time demand action , we develop shaolin style wu shu from this exercise . he go through a couple of martial movement . monk ( cont 'd ) the spirit of bodhidharma remain . train be like meditation . be aware of everything , but aware of nothing in particular . think not think . drew what do you mean , ' think not think ' ? monk non think . angle on drew confused . angle on monk who do not explain any further . monk ( cont 'd ) you training begin today , in this most sacred of training hall . the floor bear witness to the effort of fight monk from century past . angle on floor where there be depression and wear spot , the result of thousand of hour of training . monk ( cont 'd ) at the shaolin temple , we forge we body in the fire of we will . we adhere to a vow of non-violence , unless someone else be in danger ... follow my movement ... he start move through a series of technique , and the rest of the disciple try to mimic he action . he be move around the room , and they be try to do what he be do . some be get it , some be not . Drew , use to a more individualized type of training , be not get it . ext . training area ­ day establishing tight shot of wedge thwocking into the ground . a hand come into frame , grab the wedge and pull it back out of the ground . pull back to reveal Drew , along with the other disciple , line up and throw this sharp wedge into the ground and pull it back out . they muscle be bulg with the effort . angle on huge smoking brass urn fill to the brim with small stone . Drew be force he arm into the urn in " Iron Palm " training . angle on monk on a set of pole he be go through a complex form , kick and punch , never miss or falter a step . some of the pole be as high as 6 foot off the ground . angle on gao on the pole he be less sure , but at least he do not fall . angle on drew try the pole . he start out well , but he soon miss and fall , almost impale himself on a pole . drew I can not do this ! D.S. here at shaolin , can not do not exist . only will not . ext . training area ­ day establishing shot of disciple paired off . Drew be work with he friend Li . they be move through a series of technique , end with a flashy kick technique which be to block by a special shaolin technique . each time Li throw the final kick , Drew get hit , hard . his block be not work . a monk come up to he . monk block the way I show you . drew ( show he a block ) this be the way I be teach . monk ( cont 'd ) do it this way . you will not get hit . Drew bow and turn to continue work with Li . by this time , however , the rank have shift , and gao be opposite Drew . Drew attack first in the series , and gao use the block to easily deflect Drew 's kick . gao ( menacingly ) my turn . he attack , and Drew get to the final technique . he block the way he do before , and he get slam brutally by gao . gao stand over he , smile . ext . training area ­ day establishing shot of monk flipping through the AIR , do flying kick , aerial , etc . a monk be alternately fall down and kipping up , fall down and kipping up . Drew 's group be work on several very athletic maneuver , none of which Drew be especially good at . gao , of course , be have no trouble . Drew try a fly move and fall into a heap on the ground . he be very angry , and he hit the ground with he fist . monk emotion cloud the spirit ­ eliminate they . drew this be not martial art ­ it 's gymnastics ! monk this be shaolin Wu shu. continue . Drew sit in the dirt , watch everyone around he sail through the air and flip over the ground . he be not a happy camper . ext . shaolin temple ­ day establishing shot of training area . the entire group be gather in a sort of pit , on a hard concrete floor . D.S. stand in the middle . D.S. I want to go over some takedown before we end for the day . I will need a partner ... he scan the group , and then point to Drew . Drew smile ruefully , walk to the front and bow to d.s . D.S. watch carefully as I take he down , use technique from shwai jyau , chinese wrestle . drew ( look at ground ) Excuse I , master , but there be not any mat here . D.S. do they always use mat in America ? the group laugh a little at that , and Drew 's manhood be now challenge . D.S. ( cont 'd ) if you be scared , I will get someone else . perhaps gao would assist I ... angle on gao who be already get up , ready and willing . this change Drew 's mind right away . angle on drew and D.S. drew let 's do it . D.S. attack I straight on ... Drew attack , and be take down brutally , smashed into the hard concrete floor . no attempt be make to cushion or soften the blow . Drew get up right away , and attack again . again he be drive to the ground . this continue from all angle and all method of attack . angle on the group who can barely watch the destruction . angle on the fight the D.S. do not let up at all , take Drew down hard each time . every time , regardless of the impact , Drew get right back up . his eye be daze , there be a little blood come out of he nose , but he keep come back for more . finally , after a high arcing back throw , a real thumper , the worst of all of they , the D.S. call it a day . D.S. any question ? good , that 's all for today . before anyone can move , however , Drew raise he hand as high as he can , obviously in pain . drew ( cont 'd ) I be not sure I get that last throw clear in my mind . the group gasp , know how much Drew must be hurt , admire he for he gut . even gao be impressed . D.S. I say that 's enough . drew ( cont 'd ) if you be get too old for this kind of training , I understand . D.S. attack ! Drew attack , and the D.S. execute the manuever perfectly , crash Drew down almost on he head . luckily , Drew be able to twist at the last moment and take the impact on he already bruise shoulder . he moan and groan and lie there . drew ( cont 'd ) I think I have get it now . xie xie ! the group disburse , shaking they head in wonder . Li come up to Drew , who be still lie on the ground . li be you try to kill yourself ? drew he hurt more than I , he 's just not bleed , that 's all . he try to get up , but moan in pain and fall back down . Li help he up and take he to the shower . angle on D.S. watch they go . there be a slight smile on he face . ext . dormitory ­ same day establishing shot of li rubbing the bruise on drew's shoulder with TIGER balm . it be huge , and look really painful . li if you go to San De , he can send you to a doctor ... Drew pull away and stand up . he back up to the wall of the dormitory , right underneath a window . drew I appreciate you concern , Li , but it 's not that serious . I be all right . just as he be talk , gao come to the window with a pan of dirty water ( from wash the floor of the dorm ) . gao look down ( gao Pov ) and sees drew hhe smile , then pour the huge bucket over the edge , dousing Drew . angle on drew as the dirty water hit he , drench he . ext . waterfall ­ day establishing shot of waterfall . it be huge , and the water be crash down from high above . angle on a monk , inside the waterfall he be go through martial art technique as the water thunder onto he . angle on D.S. and group as they stand on the bank . D.S. concentrate on you stance . all I want you to do be try to hold you stance . Li , you be first . Li smile and walk into the waterfall , use a walkway that go behind the thunder water . he move into the water a little , and get into a deep horse stance . he stand there , immovable . after a moment , he turn to look at d.s . angle on D.S. who motion he farther into the water . angle on li who nod he head and walk into the thunder water . as soon as he get into the main stream of water , he be force off the ledge and he fall about 20 foot into the pool below . D.S. next ... each of they try it in turn . everyone fail . gao go in , and he manage to stand under the impact of the water for a moment , before he too succumb and go down into the pool . angle on drew it 's he turn . he walk to the waterfall and go in . he pick up a umbrella he stashed behind the waterfall ( imprint with a " new york giant NFL " logo on it ­ unmistakably american ) . he walk into the waterfall , and the umbrella work for a moment . Drew be hold it with both hand , and he get into a deep horse stance . he turn to smile at the D.S. , and then wave at the other . as soon as he take a hand off the handle of the umbrella , the water slam he and off he go into the pool . he land with a huge splash , do a painful bellow flop . Drew come to the surface , still clutching the now - destroy umbrella . he smile at the other disciple , who be still swim , sheepishly . drew think I would join you guy . int . temple training hall ­ day establishing shot of group working out . Drew be in with the group . gao and Drew be choose to do a training exercise together . D.S. in this exercise , you try to touch you partner 's chest lightly , and you partner try to block . the group get start do the drill , and gao be almost cave Drew 's chest in with he blow . he be so close to Drew that Drew do not have a chance to block it . on the last strike , Drew fall back to the ground . the D.S. be there immediately . D.S. something wrong ? Drew shake he head and get back up . D.S. switch ! now it 's Drew 's turn to strike , and he try to hit gao with the same amount of force as he do , but gao avoid he attack , throw he off balance . he throw another punch out , and gao grab it and pull . Drew fall to the floor again . a monk who be watch walk over . monk the goal of this drill be not to hurt you partner . just try to tap he chest . drew I know , but ... monk then do it that way ... the monk walk away , shaking he head . ext . shaolin temple ­ evening establishing shot of temple courtyard , empty except for drew and li playing catch with a frisbee . Drew be flipping it in a bunch of different way , and Li be enjoy watch he . to the side of the courtyard be two broom lean against the wall . drew this sure beat sweeping ... angle on frisbee float past temple statue and ancient chinese decoration , barely miss they . Drew make a acrobatic catch and then flick it back to Li , harder than he should have . it head for a ancient statue and smack it dead center , right in the face . the statue start to tip ! Drew and Li rush for the statue and catch it , just before it tip over and smashes on the ground . they look at each other , thanking they lucky star the statue do not fall . they start to throw the frisbee again , when Drew spot the D.S. come towards they . Drew stashes the frisbee in he shirt and grab the broom . he toss one to Li and they just begin sweeping again when the D.S. round the corner . the D.S. know something be go on , but they look so innocent . D.S. sweep the main chamber , Drew . drew ( cont 'd ) yes , master . he bow and smile goodbye to Li . he walk into the main training chamber . int . chamber ­ same evening establishing shot of drew walking into the chamber . this be the chamber where they have they first workout , and Drew just stand there for a moment , soaking up the tradition of it . he walk to a area of the chamber under the famous painting and stand stare at it . quick cut to different angle of the painting . angle on drew who begin to sweep . his broom be go over the depression where the monk train , and soon he lose he desire to sweep . he take the broom in he hand as a weapon and start to spin it , go through a martial art form , he foot move naturally into the depression in the floor . he finish with a flourish , have move into a shadowy area in a corner , and then bow to a imaginary crowd , use the broom as a microphone . drew ( imitate a announcer ) present , the great fighter in the history of the shaolin temple ... Drew carson ! Drew hold he broom over he head , nodd he head to the imaginary crowd . drew the crowd be go wild . just then , out of the shadow come a attack staff , slamming into Drew 's unprotect stomach ! Drew , ready to double over in pain , hear the staff hit the frisbee , and stand up straight , adjust the frisbee that save he stomach . before he can react , the staff smack he in the back of the head and send he pitching to the floor . angle on drew as he land face down in the pile of dust and dirt he already sweep up . ext . shaolin temple ­ evening establishing shot of temple courtyard , the SUN setting in the distance . Drew be stand in front of a painting - statue of bodhidharma , one in which he be make to look extremely fierce . San De walk up behind Drew and stand there for a moment . san do he be a amazing monk ... drew yeah , what 's up with he ? san do come with I ... San De walk away , and Drew follow he . int . san de's chamber ­ same night establishing shot of san do brewing tea . the room be fill with painting and scroll . a Golden sash hang in a place of honor . San De put the tea leave into the pot , then soak they with boil water . he pour the water out , then repeat the process several time . his movement be all very precise and careful ­ it almost look like a martial art kata . san do legend state that bodhidharma give we tea . once , while meditate , bodhidharma fall asleep , a natural reaction we all have to fight against . San De look pointedly at Drew , who do not meet he eye . san do ( cont 'd ) when he awoke , he be so enraged at he eyelid for betray he , he tore they off and throw they to the ground . ( beat ) from that eyelid grow the first tea bush . you see , even the leave look like eyelid . San De show Drew a tea leaf . drew impossible . san do nothing be impossible if you spirit be pure , and you will be strong . the tea be ready , and San De begin to pour for Drew . san do ( cont 'd ) I understand you have be question some of the teaching of the temple ... drew it 's just not the way I be teach ... San De keep pour into Drew 's cup . it be get to the rim . San De be not stop . drew ( cont 'd ) master ! stop ! no more will go in ! San De continue pour until the tea run all over the table . san do exactly ! you be like this cup , full of what you have learn . how can we show you shaolin unless you first empty you cup ? he pick up the cup and toss the tea through a open window . he now pour into the empty cup . san do ( cont 'd ) the rule and discipline of the temple exist to free you , not restrict you . they keep you mind from harmful thought . ( beat ) drink you tea . Drew nod and sip at he tea . ext . training area ­ day establishing shot of one of the instructor teaching a soft style of shaolin wu shu . his body move with the wind , bend and sway . another monk be attack he with a hard style , and the soft style be very effective . Drew and Li try it , and Drew be have a lot of trouble . he be use to training hard style , and the soft style seem too weak for he . D.S. come over . drew it 's not fight ­ I feel like I be dance or something ... this soft stuff be unnatural ­ Fighting should be hard , tough ... the D.S. hold out he hand , in a tight fist . D.S. if my hand be always like this , what would you call it ? drew ( after a beat ) deform . he open he hand , let it go limp . D.S. and if it be always like this ? drew ( cont 'd ) again , deform . the D.S. nod and walk off , leave Drew to stare questioningly at li. ext . shaolin temple ­ day establishing shot of temple courtyard , where all the disciple be collected . they be not dress in they monastic robe , however . they be in street clothes . it be they day off ! a monk come down the line , hand out hat to the disciple . they put they on , and wait for instruction from the D.S. D.S. remember , let no one know you be disciple at the shaolin Temple , but do not forget that you be . dzai jyan . they file out . ext . shaolin temple ­ same day establishing shot of the disciple exiting the temple . as soon as they be out , the serious face break into smile , and they be teenager again . some of the disciple run off to join relative wait for they in the courtyard , while a group of they stick together . Drew be walk with Li , Wu and several other . angle on the group as they walk through the small town outside of the temple . they pass by ashema 's stand , but only the bau bau be there . Drew bow to the bau bau , then slip off he hat , rub he bald head for bau bau to see . bau bau laugh , and the rest of the guy rush up to Drew , force he hat back on he head . li Drew ! we be not suppose to ... drew chill out , guy ! it 's we day off ! he bow to bau bau and then they walk off . they walk through the small town , check it out . they walk through the countryside , enjoy they freedom . Drew have bring a frisbee with he , and they be toss it around . ext . luoyang cave ­ same day establishing shot of group as they walk in the hill housing the famous luo yang cave . the hill be fill with Buddhist carving . angle on carving ­ intercut angle on drew as he walk by the carving . the detail and the artistry be amazing . ext . riverside ­ same day angle on drew and group as they walk by a riverside park . the park be fill with people , and a group of kid swinging into the river on a rope . Drew stop to watch they , then look back at the other . they all shake they head . Drew nod he . they continue to shake they head . Drew start run towards the kid , stripping off he shirt at the same time . the other pause for a moment , then follow he lead . angle on group as they swing into the river , try to keep they hat on as they splash into the water . they be have the time of they life . angle on group resting on the bank of the river . Drew and the guy spot a group of girl down the bank from they . drew check it out , guy ! wu Girls ! drew good work , Wu . what tip you off ? li ( alarmed ) we be not allow to have contact with female . it be the most serious rule of the temple . drew it 's a stupid rule , li. but ... he be about to turn away , then spot ashema as she run down a path to the group of girl . he stand up immediately and start over to she . he be jogging , at the same time try to straighten he clothes and he hat . Li start run after Drew . the other follow . drew ( cont 'd ) ashema ! angle on ashema who hear she name . she look around , see Drew but do not immediately recognize he . she look around the park . drew ( cont 'd ) ashema ! here ! she look at Drew again , and this time recognize he . Drew arrive and impulsively he give she a hug , genuinely very happy to see she . Li arrive and pull they apart . drew ( cont 'd ) what !?! li you can get kick out of the temple for this ... drew who 's go to tell , li? you ? he turn to ashema , who have now back off a little bit and be look at Drew , a smile on she face , but be pretend that she be embarrassed . the other girl be gather around , giggle . drew ( point at girl ) not the giggle girl again ! how have you be ? you look great ! ashema ( hide a laugh ) you look ... funny . drew ( cont 'd ) thanks . ashema how do you like the temple ? drew shhh ... nobody 's suppose to know . Li tug at Drew 's shirt . li we really should not be do this ... drew I be try to show you guy a good time . ( to ashema ) I guess I gotta go . it be great to see you . one of the giggle girl behind ashema whisper something in she ear . she nod and smile . ashema my school be have a party this Tuesday night . can you and you friend come ? Li and the guy immediately hem and haw they negative reply , but Drew smile and take ashema 's hand . the girl start to giggle again . he bring she hand up to he lip , and kiss it gently . drew we will be there . int . dorm room ­ night establishing shot of dorm room , li stand in front of drew , the rest of the disciple gathere around . the room be dark ­ it 's after light out . li be you nut ? we can not go to a party , with girl ! drew why not ? we be work hard , we deserve some R &amp ; R. li ' R &amp ; R '? drew we have earn this . back home in New York , you do not say no to a party ... where 's you sense of adventure ? wu what do you do at a ' party ' with girl ? Drew smile , know that he have they . drew you dance , and talk . and have a good time . li that clinch it , we can not dance . wu and we do not know how to talk to girl ... drew ( try to sound like a expert ) that 's easy . you just talk to they like you would to the guy ­ you just do not tell they as much , and ... not in the same way ... Drew be in over he head . gao like you know ? drew look , dance 's easy . I will show you . we will start with slow dance . a oooh escape from the guy . drew ( cont 'd ) dirty dance ! giggles now . Drew pull he boom box out of he backpack , and start search for a suitable tape . drew ( cont 'd ) you guy grab a pillow for a partner , while I find some slow music . the disciple have grab they pillow . Drew pop the cassette into he boom box and turn it on , low and sultry . drew ( cont 'd ) just move in time to the music , nothing elaborate . think of it as a soft form ... the disciple move and sway in time to the music . they be treat they pillow like imaginary girl . angle on li who be hold he pillow at arm 's length . drew walk by li drew ( cont 'd ) loosen up , Li . she 's not go to bite ! li how do you know ? angle on wu who be really get into it . he be dance with he pillow cheek to cheek , and occasionally sneaking a kiss . angle on other monk practice they dance and prepare for the party . angle on drew who sit back on he bed , he hand clasped behind he head . drew this be go to be great ... angle on disciple still move and sway to the music . dissolve to : int . dorm room ­ night angle on disciple now asleep and in bed , still clutching they pillow like they be girl . angle on door as it open . the D.S. look in on the room , and see all the kid hold they pillow . he shake he head and then close the door . ext . training area ­ day establishing shot of two body fighting , kicking and punching . camera pull back to reveal Drew and gao go at it . the other disciple be pair off as well , but the only real action be here in this ring . Drew be get tag , hard , while the point he score be all relatively control . after one particularly powerful shot , Drew stop . drew I think this be light contact ! gao fight , you coward ! Drew stare at gao , then look around for the D.S. he be over at the other side of the training area . drew you get it . before he can move , however , gao attack , slamm he full power in the face . Drew almost fall to the ground , then attack he and the battle be join . the fight be fast and furious , and soon the other see what be happen , and gather around . one of the monk come over and try to break it up , but they continue fight , wrestle , kick and punch . the D.S. finally get over to they , and without move a muscle , bark ­ D.S. stop ! Drew and gao immediately break apart , breathe heavy and stare dagger at each other . D.S. ( to other ) back to work . he turn and walk off , motion for Drew and gao to follow he . Drew follow immediately , with gao behind he . gao shove he once . int . san do chamber ­ same day establishing shot of drew , gao and san do in the shadow of san de's room . San De be sit down read a Buddhist text . with a sigh , he put it down . on the wall behind be hang a Golden sash . san do so soon ? ( beat ) tell I what happen . Drew look at gao , and gao look at Drew . there be a pause , one that be very uncomfortable . finally , Drew speak . drew it be my fault . I start it . angle on gao surprise at Drew 's confession . drew ( cont 'd ) disciple gao be better than I . Drew pause , and gao be even more surprised at the revelation . drew ( cont 'd ) I lose my temper . he be only defend himself . angle on san do who nod he head and look at Drew . san do be this true , disciple gao ? gao look at Drew , wonder what he should say . Drew look at he , nodd for he to say yes . gao yes . but , I be not completely blameless ... san do I do not think you be ... ( beat ) the shaolin martial tradition be build on challenge . we challenge ourselves , but we do not fight with each other . never do we fight to see who be best ­ we train to be able to right wrong , not to let we hand and foot express emotion run wild . a shaolin never throw a punch or kick in anger . ( beat ) shake hand and let you emotion go . gao look at Drew , know that the anger be already long go , sweep away in the shock of Drew take the blame . they shake hand . both Drew and gao notice the Golden sash hang on the wall . it be occupy a place of honor . san do ( cont 'd ) that be the Golden sash , the high honor of the temple . it be award to the monk who have attain the pinnacle of understanding . drew the best fighter ? san do among other thing . Fighting be only a small part of be a shaolin monk . gao your ? San De nod . san do return to you training . Drew and gao get up , bow to San De and head for the door . they get to the door at the same time , however , and for a moment they jockey for position , try to be the first one through the door . finally , Drew tire of the game and open the door for gao. drew ten more second and I would have kick you ass ... gao smile and walk through the door . just as he pass Drew , he punch he in the stomach . gao in you dream ... int . dorm room ­ day establishing shot of disciple getting ready to go out . they be dress in " street " clothes and be just pull on they hat . Drew , instead of wear he temple - issue hat , pull on a New York yankee baseball cap ! drew now , we be ready ! he lead they towards the window of they dorm , but stop when he get there . he turn to where gao be stand , all alone . drew ( cont 'd ) gao , you come or what ? there be a moment of indecision , then gao frown , shake he head and come jogging towards they . gao I be come , just to keep you out of trouble ! ext . shaolin temple ­ same night establishing shot of empty courtyard bathed in moonlight . suddenly , a figure land on the ground with a puff of dust . in a crouch , Drew scan the area , then motion for the other to jump down . immediately , other figure land with puff of dust all around he . as soon as they have all land , they move off . angle on group as they sneak through the courtyard and training area of the temple . they be about halfway across from the front door of the temple when a monk come walk towards they . he be weaving and bob ­ he look drunk . Drew shoot Li and gao a question look . drunk ? in the temple ? they take refuge behind a couple of the column and watch as the monk make he way past , weaving and throw kick and punch . it be a tense moment as the monk come uncomfortably close to where Drew and gao be stand , but he walk on . gao ( whisper ) drunken kung fu ... Drew nod and lead they out of the temple . ext . temple ­ same night establishing shot of group as they head down the dark street of the town . euphoria strike , and they be having fun ( ad lib here ) just be free and a.w.o.l. ext . girl school ­ same night establishing shot of front of girl school . it be the same school where Drew first meet ashema . the guy , still happy , arrive at the school , and the realization of what they be about to do sink in . they stop talk and be stare at the building . Drew start toward the door , and nobody follow he lead . he stop and motion for they to join he . nobody move . drew be we man or be we sheep ? a beat , then the entire group bellow : group sheep ! and they follow Drew , the shepherd , in through the front door , make noise like sheep . int . party room ­ same night establishing shot of party . it be not happen . the boy be on one side , the girl be on the other . the music be bad chinese rock and roll . the only one together be Drew and ashema , who be talk in the center of the room . the disciple be all cluster together , stare at the wall and the ceiling . a group of giggle girl be stand around Drew and ashema . a group of tough be stand at one side of the party room , observe everything that 's go on . angle on drew and ashema drew great party ... ashema smile a sheepish smile . Drew decide that if they be go to have a good time , he 's go to have a hand in it . he pull out a cassette tape , give it to ashema drew ( cont 'd ) play this when I signal , ok ? she nod and walk off . Drew motion for gao and the guy to come over . they do , and when they do , Drew turn to the giggle girl drew ( cont 'd ) lady , allow I to introduce my best friend in all of China ... he drag gao over to one of the prettier girl . drew ( cont 'd ) this be gao . and this wild man be Li ... Drew do the same for Li , Wu , Su , sou and all the other , force they to stand with the girl for a moment . when everyone be pair off , he motion to ashema . drew ( cont 'd ) hit it ! insert of ashema 's finger on the tape player " play " button . angle on the room as the song the disciple have be sing in the field blast out . immediately , the disciple start move with the music , and suddenly the Party be happen . dissolve to : angle on disciple who be now slow dance to a romantic melody ­ some hold the girl closer than other . Drew and ashema be lock in a embrace , they eye close . a hand come in and tap Drew on the shoulder . drew ( eye still close ) not now , Li ... the hand come in again , punch Drew in the shoulder hard . Drew open he eye , and see that he be surround by five tough guy , dress in dark clothes and with sunglass on . drew ( cont 'd ) what can I do for you ? tough leave . angle on disciple . they have notice what be go on . angle on drew drew no , thanks . he turn back to ashema , but she be pull back by the giggle girl , away from danger . the tough spin Drew around and push he hard . one of the tough have already get behind he , on he knee , and Drew go flipping over the tough , landing hard on the ground , the wind knock out of he . Drew get up , wince , not really ready to fight . drew ( cont 'd ) can not we talk this over ? the tough pull he fist back to strike Drew , who have be grab by two other tough , he arm pin behind he back . suddenly , a figure fly in and slam the tough to the ground . it be gao , and he immediately set on the other tough . the room erupt in a melee as the disciple go at it with the village tough . the girl be scream as the boy kick and punch . the disciple be win , have a great time , until the door to the room slam open and the headmistress come storming in , scream at the top of she lung for they to stop . angle on drew , gao and the disciple as they all agree as one to hightail out of there . they go run past the headmistress and out the door , full speed . ext . girl school ­ same night establishing shot of disciple sprint through the darkness . ext . shaolin temple ­ same night angle on the disciple as they climb back into the dorm room . int . dorm room ­ same night establishing shot as the last disciple climb through the window ­ it be drew . he land on the hardwood floor , panting he lung out after the run . after a beat , he lift he head and look right at gao . drew do you say you be go to keep we out of trouble ? the group pause for a beat , then they all laugh , relax . int . dinner room ­ day establishing shot of gao carrying a plate of chinese food over to a table where the disciple eating , there eye scanning the room for sign of warning . gao sit down and look around . they be all dress in they training clothes , dirtied after a full day of training . gao I can not believe nobody 's say anything ! it 's be a whole day ! li we break every major rule the temple have , how could we get away with it ? drew I think we might have . if they know , they would have already get we ! you guy just have to stop look so guilty . angle on wu who push he dinner away from he . wu I have lose my appetite . drew let 's go back to the dorm for a few minute , go over we storey in case they seperate we ... he get up to leave , and the other follow he . li seperate we ? ext . courtyard ­ same day in the courtyard be several policemen , waiting around . Drew and the other spot the cop , and walk quickly to they dorm room . int . dorm room ­ same day drew and the other be frantic . drew cop ! somebody call the cop ?!? before anyone can answer , the door open and the D.S. walk into the room , he face serious . D.S. Drew ! come with I to San De 's chamber ... he turn to go , but the other be on they foot , ready to follow Drew . D.S. just Drew . Drew look at they and shrug , then follow the D.S. int . san do chamber ­ evening establishing shot of san do and the girl school headmistress . also in the room be two high - rank police official . the headmistress be yell at the top of she lung , and San De be just sit there , let she vent . she have obviously be go at it for some time , because she face be sweaty and flushed . she stop when Drew and the D.S. enter and point a accuse finger at Drew . headmistress he 's the one ! san do Drew , I think you know headmistress low . correct ? Drew can only nod . san do ( cont 'd ) the police have also come . a moral violation be what bring they ... Drew 's head snap up at the word " moral charge " police lieutenant we demand that he leave the temple , and China ! police captain he 's a disgrace , to the temple and to this country . he must leave . they all agree that Drew should leave , and for a moment the sound of the three of they agree fill the room ( ad lib ) . angle on drew who be stare down into the abyss . san do this be a serious issue , there be no question . this we will have to take under advisement ­ but we will handle matter of this temple . police captain this involve more than just the temple . I be authorize to escort he from you temple to the jail now , tonight , where he will be hold until he leave the country . San De pause , let this sink in . the D.S. step forward . D.S. master , may I ? ( San De nod ) we accept a challenge when this disciple come into we rank . if we force he to leave China , we admit failure . can we do that ? the police do not have a easy answer to that . angle on drew who be surprised that the d.s. be stick up for he . D.S. you be wise . you know what be right and what be not right . this disciple do not even know right from wrong . who will teach he if we do not ? this sink in , and the police have nothing to say . the headmistress will not keep quiet , however . headmistress he do not belong here ! drew ( whisper ) chill out , honey ! Drew catch a hard look from the D.S. D.S. would you be so hard heart as to turn he away from that which he so desperately need ? she be about to speak , but think better of it . San De stand up , signal that the meeting be over . san do thank you all for come . I be pleased that you bring this problem to we attention . May you sleep well tonight know that the situation have be swiftly resolve . police captain I do not wish to visit you again with this kind of news . san do you will not have to . the headmistress start to say something , but San De hold up he hand , stop she . he lead they out , then close the door and come back to face Drew . drew master , I can not tell you how sorry I be . I appreciate you both go to bat like that for I . I will not let it happen again . san do neither will we . you must leave the temple in the morning . drew but I think ... the police ... D.S. you do not deserve to leave the country as a criminal , but you can not stay . Drew sit for a moment , look back and forth between San De and the D.S. his eye be fill with tear , and he wipe at they . drew ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , master . san do as be i. Drew get up and walk out of the chamber . ext . courtyard ­ same night drew walk back to the dorm room , slowly . int . dorm room ­ same night establishing shot of drew with the other guy around he . he have just finish tell the disciple what be go on . they be shocked . gao why only you ? Drew shrug and go over to he bed , lie down with a sigh . li the D.S. always tell we that we be all responsible for what happen . wu it 's not fair . drew it do not have to be fair ... dissolve to : angle on drew lying in the dark everyone else be asleep , but not Drew . he be stare at the ceiling . dissolve to : int . dorm room ­ morning establishing shot of drew waking up to a empty room . everyone be go already , they bed make up . Drew get up quickly and gather up he few thing . he put on he New York yankee cap and shoulder he back pack , then look around the room one last time . drew I hate long goodby anyway ... he exit the room . ext . shaolin courtyard ­ same day angle on drew walk through the courtyard , for the last time . only a few monk be around , and they do not meet Drew 's eye . the sound of training can be hear o.s. Drew stop to listen to that sound for a moment , then head for the door . ext . shaolin temple ­ same day angle on drew as he leave the temple . he pause for a moment with the door open , then shut it sadly . he look out over the courtyard , which be completely desert . Drew sigh , hitches he backpack onto he back and start out . as he come out of the doorway and into the courtyard proper , he see ... the entire CLASS of disciple dress in street clothes with they bag pack . Li and gao be in the front , they bag in they hand , smile . gao you be either with we or against we , remember ? drew ( smile ) I be with you ! a cheer go up from the entire group as Drew , Li and gao embrace . in the b.g. can be see the D.S. , who be observe all this . int . san do chamber ­ day establishing shot of san de's chamber , san do waiting for drew in one of the chair . the door open and Drew walk in , the D.S. can be see in the b.g. San De indicate one of the chair for he to sit in . he do . san do quite a show of solidarity , yes ? Drew nod , try to hide a smile . he be try he best to appear humble . san do ( cont 'd ) why do you come to the shaolin Temple ? drew ( catch off guard ) to train , master . san do ( cont 'd ) yet you rebel at every rule , and blame the training for you inability to learn and progress ? no response from Drew , who be just look down at the ground . san do ( cont 'd ) you be like someone swim in fresh water cry " I thirst ! " . what you seek be all around you . do not fight with the way of the temple , the battle be within yourself . drew within myself ? san do you must accept the responsibility for you life . if we force you out of the temple , you can always blame the temple for you failure ­ it never have to be you fault . ( beat ) life without committment be no life at all . drew what if I can not handle it ? what if I fail ? san do live for the moment , Drew . the future will take care of itself . if you go through you day here , squeezing every last bit of life out of every minute , you need not fear failure . drew ( after a beat ) then , it 's up to I . san do ( cont 'd ) yes . you fellow disciple stand up for you . it 's you turn . drew I do not want to let they down . san do do not let yourself down . he bow to San De and then leave the chamber . ext . chamber ­ same night drew come out , finding gao and li waiting for he . gao be you stay ? Drew wait for a moment , study they hopeful face . drew yeah , I be stay . if only to keep you guy out of trouble ! they walk off , and just as they round a corner , a bang be hear as one of the monk drop the heavy wooden lid of a storage barrell . Drew jump , spin around in the direction of the sound . li Drew ! be you allright ? drew yeah , I be just a little on edge , that 's all . ever since I get to the temple , some nut have be attack I with a stick ­ at night , in the toilet ... anywhere ! it 's drive I crazy ... gao and Li look at each other , nodd . drew ( cont 'd ) what ? honest , it 's happen ! I ... gao every class of disciple , the one with the most potential be single out for special training . we be wonder who it be ... now , we know . drew special training ? you mean ...? gao and Li nod , and Drew walk with they , shaking he head . ext . countryside ­ morning establishing shot of ashema stand next to the stream , watching the water rush by . in the b.g. come Drew , dress in he monastic robe , no hat on he head . he be make no attempt to hide the fact that he be a monk . Drew walk up to ashema and take she hand , and they stand like that for a moment . she then turn to he , and start to say something . Drew stop she with a finger on she lip , then stroke she cheek . drew ashema , beautiful ashema , I can not see you anymore . I will ... miss you and remember you ... always . ashema close she eye against the tear there , and bury she head against Drew 's shoulder . ashema be they make you do this ? she want to hear that they be , even if it 's not true . she need to hear it . Drew pull she head away from he shoulder , look into she eye . it would be so easy not to take the blame for hurt she like this . drew no . it be my choice , and my responsibility . I be sorry ... he embrace she for the last time , and she openly begin to cry . he hold she for a moment , then break the embrace and with one last long look at ashema , walk away . ext . training area ­ day 103 ( spring time ) establishing shot of drew working on the " wooden man " , a training device . the D.S. in the b.g. come up and correct he technique , and Drew immediately do it he way . ext . pole area ­ evening establishing shot of drew working on the pole . he be do well , jump from pole to pole , kick and punch . he try a especially difficult sequence of move , and fall with a thump to the ground . immediately , he be back up and onto the pole . he try the same set of move , fall again . instead of be angry , Drew just laugh at himself , then climb back up on the pole . int . meditation hall ­ night establishing shot of bare chested drew , soaked in sweat . in the b.g. be a huge bronze buddha . Drew be in the same position as the buddha . ext . stream ­ day 106 ( summer time ) establishing shot of drew drawing water from the stream , in the pointed barrel . he fill they up , and then start move back towards the temple , he arm up and strong . angle on drew as he go through a thicket of bamboo . as he get to the center , he be attack ! the staff come out , but Drew manage to block it with one of the bucket . the staff strike again , and Drew block again ! a third time , and Drew raise both bucket over he head to block it ­ and drench himself with the water . then , the staff hit he in the stomach . his attacker have vanish , leave Drew alternately moan from the pain , and chuckle at himself in the bamboo . ext . training area ­ day angle on drew and li as they go through a very intricate , beautifully stage series of technique . the last technique be a very powerful kick , and one which Drew be to block use the block technique he refuse to learn before . this time , the kick be throw and Drew block it with the new technique , send Li pitching to the ground be a cloud of dust . Drew turn around and high - fives gao . ext . training area ­ another angle establishing shot of group of disciple go through a series of soft go fu move . Drew be next in line , and he move through the technique without a mistake . when he get to the end of the routine , he break into a little dance step , have fun . the entire group break up in laughter . ext . temple ­ day tight shot of D.S. ' arm gao 's hand be around he elbow , pull down . D.S. use you muscle , bend my arm . gao pull down , while the D.S. try to fight back with he muscle , but finally , after great strain , he arm bend . a cheer go up from the group . D.S. smile and motion for a old monk stand near he to take he place . the old man put he arm up on gao 's shoulder , and take a deep breath . he do not tense up he arm and shoulder . gao look question at the D.S. gao what if I hurt he ? D.S. you will not . gao start to pull down , gently at first , but when he see that the old monk 's arm be not bend , stronger , until finally he be put all he strength into it . the old monk 's arm have not move , and he expression of relaxation and piece have not change . gao quit , not able to bend the arm . D.S. motion for Drew to get on the other side of the monk . D.S. grab he arm and try to pull he out of he stance . Drew and gao shrug at each other and take a arm . they pull and push , strain and groan , but there be no movement from the old monk . it be like he be a heavy stone . they give up , and the D.S. bow to the old monk . D.S. ( cont 'd ) master shu 's spirit be indeed strong . angle on drew and gao sweating from they effort . ext . training area ­ day 110 ( autumn time ) establishing shot of disciple do aerial manuever ­ kick , aerial , kip , etc . Drew be on the ground , try to do a kip . he be come up , but then be crash back down onto he spine . the D.S. come up to he and point at he chest . D.S. try to hit I here with you foot . drew with pleasure . Drew try another kip , push he foot towards the D.S. ' chest . he land on he foot easily , surprised . ext . waterfall ­ day establishing shot of drew and gao under the waterfall . they be both in horse stance . they nod at each other , and they begin go through a slow form , moving there arm and legs cautiously , but with power . ext . forest of stone ­ sunset establishing shot of drew training in the forest of stone , the blazing SUN behind he . ext . dine hall ­ night establishing shot of drew carrying the dirty plate from dinner . he carry they out to the garbage area , and begin to scrape they off . from out of nowhere come the staff , swinging for Drew . Drew do not jump , but just calmly avoid it . the staff whooshes over he head . Drew stand up , and the staff come again , from a different direction . Drew avoid , and the staff find empty air again . Drew go on with clean the plate , a slight smile on he face . after a beat , he look around , try to find the attacker . when he be sure no one be around , he smile bigger . drew allright ! I do it ! as soon as he finish say that , the staff come out and slam he in the stomach , send Drew to he knee in pain . ext . training area ­ day establishing shot of the disciple throwing flying kick . the sequence be very beautiful as the monk throw kick into the air and into target . ext . training area ­ another angle establishing shot of drew and li fighting . Drew be rush Li , throw every possible technique at he , which he block . Li get into a low stance as he go back , and Drew take this opportunity ­ he use Li 's own leg as a step and jump off of it , hit he hard with a jump spin hook . Li get up right away and slap Drew 's hand . ext . temple path ­ morning 116 ( winter time ) establishing shot of snowy morning . a group of monk , Drew in the lead , come run down the path , barefoot in the snow . angle on disciple throw kick and punch at icicle hang from rock on a cliff . slow motion as the disciple shatter the ice . ext . temple field ­ day 117 ( spring time ) establishing shot of disciple working in the field . they be sing again , but this time the song be in chinese ! ext . roof of the world ­ sunset establishing shot of drew , poised on a rock platform at the roof of the world , the sunset in the b.g . ext . training area ­ day establishing shot of disciple working on the unbendable arm . Drew be in the middle , and gao be strain to bend he relaxed arm . he be get the hang of it . the D.S. walk up with another monk with a spear . together , they position a wooden target . the monk bow to D.S. and to the rest of the disciple , then position the point of the spear in the hollow of he neck . he then hand the shaft of the spear to the d.s . the D.S. hold the shaft and start to push , bend the spear , slowly but surely . angle on drew and the disciple amaze . angle on the monk the spear be now almost bent double . with a flick of he head , the spear go fly into the target position behind he , its point find the bull -eye . Drew walk over to the target and see that the very real spear point be imbed deep into the wood of the target . drew ( bow ) Boy , he spirit be strong ... ext . temple ground ­ day 120 ( spring time ) tight shot of american football spinning through the AIR . set against a deep blue sky , it could be spin anywhere ­ but the camera pull back to reveal the shaolin Temple " forest of stupa " , where the disciple be have a pick up football game ­ it 's Sunday , the disciple ' afternoon off . the football spin into the hand of gao , who drop it . Drew run over , show gao how to catch the ball , and how to make the cut he have to make ( no dialogue , music over ) . gao follow Drew 's instruction , then they run the play . this time gao be all alone and he catch the ball easily for a touchdown . Drew run up and high - fives gao , then teach he how to spike the ball . they be play some more , have a great time . this time Drew go out for a pass , with gao play defense . Li throw the pass , and gao intercept . Drew , laugh , go after gao . angle on drew who go long for a pass , which gao let fly . it be immediately obvious that it be way too long . angle on san do who be walk along through the stupa , meditate as he walk . angle on drew who stop run and see san de . the ball be go towards San de. angle on san do the ball be head right for he head ! angle on drew , gao and other they be brace for the impact , and the trouble it will cause . angle on san do who at the last moment turn and catch the ball like a professional receiver . he hold the ball and look right at Drew , a very stern look on he face . angle on drew expecting the worst . angle on san do his stern face now take on a mischevious look . he heft the ball and put he finger on the lace . san do go long . Drew pause for a moment , not sure what San De say , until San De motion with he leave hand , like a NFL quarterback , for Drew to go out . he take off sprinting , with gao cover he like a blanket . San De throw the ball to he in a perfect spiral , to a spot where gao have no play on the throw , and Drew catch it in stride . San De immediately return to he meditation , while Drew and the other stand around dumbstruck . ext . countryside ­ day establishing shot of gao , li and drew running through the countryside . they come to a stream , and there by a stream be a beautiful young woman who can not get across the stream without get she clothes soak . without think twice , Drew allow she to get on he back and carry she across the river . he deposit she on the other side and then continue run . gao and Li run up next to Drew , and together they go back to the temple . when they stop outside the temple , they be breathe heavily . finally catch he breath , gao turn to Drew . gao I can not believe you carry that girl over the stream ! after all the trouble you get into ... li be you crazy ? you almost get kick out once over that kind of thing ... Drew smile slightly . drew I leave that girl at the stream . be you two still carry she ? he turn and walk away , leave Li and gao to puzzle that one out . as he walk away , San De come out from behind a pillar where he have be sweeping , smile and nodd he head at Drew 's answer . ext . training area ­ day establishing shot of training ground , where several group of disciple be go at it . the action be fast and furious . angle on drew and gao who be square off and fight . they be intense , and the technique they be throw be full power . Drew hit gao , and he bend over . Drew close , think that he have gao at he mercy . at the last minute , gao stand up and cold cock Drew , who sag to the ground . tight on drew who be try to get he bearing . drew lucky shot , slant eye ! angle on gao who give he a mean look . gao you stink , american ! angle on drew who stand up , mad . drew that 's it ! you be dead meat ! he come at gao , and they start fight again , throw all kind of acrobatic kick and technique . a go sound , o.s. , and gao and Drew stop , bow to each other , and then embrace , smile . drew ( cont 'd ) save by the bell ... gao I have you ... Drew move off to the side to get a drink of water , and to towel off . as he rub he neck , D.S. come up to he . D.S. San De want to see you , in he chamber . Drew raise he eyebrow , then look over at gao and Li . he roll up he towel and snap gao with it as he walk by . drew I wonder what you do now ... int . san do chamber ­ day establishing shot of drew and san do sitting across from each other . San De have a ornately embroider golden box in he hand , and he be show it to Drew . san do you be to deliver this scroll to the arhat live on the jade Mountain . this be you quest . the scroll that be in this box be more precious than life . Guard it well . drew I will , master . san do if you deliver this , you may ask this master , the most advanced monk of the shaolin tradition , any question you wish , and he must answer it . San De take out a map of the area . san do ( cont 'd ) this map will lead you to the jade Mountain . let nothing deter from safeguard the sacred scroll . you leave first thing tomorrow morning . ( beat ) you must return within three day ... or do not bother to return at all . San De stand and bow to Drew . Drew return the bow , take the map and the box , then leave the chamber . ext . temple ­ early morning establishing shot of drew walking out of the temple into the mist - shroud courtyard . he be off on he quest . dissolve to : ext . countryside ­ same day angle on drew walk strong . the sun be high in the sky , and the scenery behind be incredibly beautiful ( guilin ? ) . ext . SMALL town ­ same day establishing shot of drew stopping in a SMALL town , in the middle of a OPEN AIR market . he go over to a drink stand , and busy a cool drink . just as he be about to drink it down , it be knocked from he hand . Drew turn around and see four dirty thug and they leader ­ the one who hit the glass . they be yell at Drew in chinese , which he do not understand . drew ok , boy , just let I get my glass and ... Drew , not look for trouble , bend down to pick up the glass , and the leader kick he in the rear end , send he pitching to the ground . Drew roll to a stand position , and the five man close on he . a crowd be now start to form , eager to watch how the monk handle this situation . the thug come after Drew , and the leader throw a roundhouse punch , hit Drew square in the jaw . they continue to attack , while Drew try to avoid get hit . Drew catch a haymaker , and he spin and drop , and the thug laugh , kick he a couple of time , and then kick dust and dirt onto he . Drew do not get up . they soon tire of the sport and move on , the crowd stare at Drew in pity . drew ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) this humble , not fight stuff be harder , and more painful , than it look ! angle on the thug who have now spot a man and he young son . they be both load down with goods from the store , and the thug stop they . they take the thing from they , and start to walk off . the father try to fight back , but they easily beat he up , send he into the dirt . the young boy run forward . the leader of the thug raise he hand , ready to slap the boy 's face . before he can bring he arm forward , Drew 's finger come around he wrist , stop it . drew ( cont 'd ) oh , I do not think so ... angle on the crowd it 's get good now . the fight start , and this time Drew be unencumber by vow of non - violence . he have a cause , and he 's enjoy every minute of the fight . it be over quickly , as Drew be a superb fighter , use incredible technique . the thug limp away , leave Drew with the little boy and he father . Drew bend down and pick up the goods , hand they back to the boy and the father . Drew stop and kneel down in front of the boy , look deep into he eye . a whisper be go through the crowd : " shaolin " . Drew touch the boy 's cheek , smile , then stand up and bow . he move on , the crowd watch he walk away . hold on boy' face he now have a hero . ext . countryside ­ day angle on drew walking through the countryside . he stop at a crossing in the road , consult the map san do give he , then walk on . ext . mountainside ­ evening angle on drew as he climb the side of a mountain . ext . mountainside temple ­ night establishing shot of drew , meditating next to he SMALL FIRE . it be dark around he , with vague form of the temple column and statue . Drew be sit with he eye close , oblivious to he surroundings . ext . mountainside ­ next day establishing shot of drew working out next to a mountain lake . he be throw kick and go through he routine , concentrate on he breathe . as he finish a particularly strenuous series , he strip off he clothes and dive into the lake . as Drew 's head break the surface of the lake , he be surprised to see a beautiful woman stand next to where he leave he clothes . Drew start to get out of the lake , then remember that he be naked ­ he stop , not quite know what to do . he go as close to the shore as he can without come out of the water . the woman just smile , and start to strip off what clothing she have on . she be very sexy . drew no , do not do that ! woman why not ? drew I be a monk . I have take a vow to abstain ... woman no one will know ... drew I will know ! throw I my clothes , please . pout , the woman take Drew 's pants and toss they to he , but they land ( purposely ) about 5 foot away from the lake edge . drew ( cont 'd ) Nice throw ... angle on drew who realize he be go to have to get out of the water without a cover . he get up and hurry to where he pants be . he start to put they on , and the woman be all over he , try to seduce he . he take she hand in he and force she to look he in the eye . drew ( cont 'd ) despite the fact that this be every teenage boy 's dream come true , I can not ! he lower she hand , and she head drop , pout . drew ( cont 'd ) besides , if I be to break my vow , it would not be with you . he kiss she on the forehead , and then grab the rest of he clothes , run up the path away from the lake . ext . temple ­ same day establishing shot of very ornate temple . Drew walk up to the front of the temple , look around for a moment , then take a drink of water from the well out front . just as he start to drink , a huge tour bus pull up in front , air brake hissing . before he can react , the door open and a bunch of american tourist pile out of the bus and rush into the temple , jostling Drew from side to side . tourist 1 not another temple ! tourist 2 do they have a gift shop ? tourist 3 guide ! how do you say ' gift shop ' ? guide you have 10 minute to be back on the bus . the wave of tourist pass Drew , and he stand there look after they . then , as a group , they realize that they just pass a monk , and turn back to Drew . tourist 1 a real live monk ! somebody , take my picture ! the tourist run up to where Drew be and stand next to he . the camera click and whirr , and Drew be thoroughly embarrassed . when the first picture be over , and someone else want to stand next to he , he raise he hand up to he face and bow . drew oh mi two fwo he then turn and walk away . guide ( o.s. ) monk do not like to be bother , they be from a different world . drew I will say ... ext . waterfall ­ early morning establishing shot of thundering waterfall . Drew stand at the side of the waterfall , study he map . from he expression , we know that he have to go through the waterfall to get where he be go . Drew pocket the map , check that the box be safely in place , then start toward the waterfall . the drop off the side of the waterfall be incedible ­ steep and deadly . angle on drew as he enter the waterfall . the water hit he back , almost pitching he into the abyss . Drew concentrate and move forward , slowly but surely . he emerge on the other side , only to be confront by a swamp . jutting out of the swamp be rock and tree stump . Drew examine the distance between the object , realize that he can jump from place to place and make it across . drew just like at the temple ... he start out , jump onto the first stone , then move on to the other . he almost fall a couple of time , but regains he balance . he get a rythm go , and be soon almost halfway across . he get to one particular rock , only to find out that it 's the head of a alligator ! its mouth open to bite he ! Drew jump off it quickly , onto a tree stump . when he land on the stump , he examine it carefully to make sure it be not something else . he continue across , more careful this time . ext . mountainside ­ same day establishing shot of drew climbing up the side of the mountain . it be much steeper now , and the go be much tougher . angle on drew as he come up onto a rope bridge over a deep gorge , the way to the arhat . Drew smile , stashes the map and start across the rope bridge , hand over hand . he look down once , at the drop , then force himself to look straight ahead . he just start across when the rope bend and jump . Drew turn around to see a man right behind he . drew be this rope strong enough for both of we ? no answer from the man , who be now push Drew to go faster . he be inching up closer to he , and occassionally kick he to go quick . drew ( cont 'd ) ok , ok , I be go ! angle on the rope behind they which be start to fray from the weight . angle on drew who see that and be hurry . the rope be fray more , and when Drew be almost there , the rope snap and they both go swinging into the side of the mountain . angle on drew who slam into the wall hard . when he hit , the scroll pop out of he pocket and go up in the air . Drew , groggy from the impact , manage to lash out and pin the scroll to the cliff wall with the back of he hand . angle on man who be barely hang on , just below Drew . he have he hand out to Drew for help . angle on drew who do not know what to do . if he try to save the scroll , the man might fall . if he go for the man , the box will certainly fall . angle on the man scream for help . drew ( cont 'd ) hold on ... Drew hear the headmaster 's voice . san do ( o.s. ) the scroll that be in this box be more precious than life . Guard it well . he look down at the man , who be about to lose it . drew what the heck ... Drew reach down for the man 's hand , let the box fall . they hand meet , and Drew pull he up . angle on BOX as it spin down into the abyss . angle on drew and man as Drew pull he up onto he back , and carry he up the rope to the other side of the gorge . int . man' house ­ same day establishing shot of drew eating with the man he save . they look at each other and smile , but Drew be anything but happy . drew what be I go to tell the arhat ? ext . mountainside ­ same day establishing shot of drew walking up the path to the arhat' cave . there be no bounce to he step , and he be dread this audience . ext . arhat hut ­ evening establishing shot of arhat hut . Drew walk up to the entrance , look around . he do not see anyone . he walk into the hut . int . arhat hut ­ evening establishing shot of hut as drew walk into the hut ­ no one be around . he walk through the room , look at all the book and scroll litter around the room . drew maybe he will not miss one little scroll ... he shake he head and start for the front door . ext . arhat hut ­ same evening drew come out of the hut and walk around to the area behind the hut , high up on the mountain . the view be incredible . Drew stand look at the view , and slowly become aware of a figure sit on the ground near he . he look down , and it be the arhat ! drew master ! I apologize , I do not see you . the arhat say nothing , but just put out he hand for the scroll . Drew bow again , and get down on he knee . drew ( cont 'd ) I fail , master . a person be in danger ... the arhat hold up he hand , and Drew stop talk . drew ( cont 'd ) of course , you be right . no excuse ... Drew bow once more and be ready to leave . the arhat reach into he robe and pull out the embroider box that Drew be give at the temple . drew ( cont 'd ) you have it ? how ? the arhat hold up the box in front of Drew for a moment , then tear it in two with he hand , scatter the piece to the wind . drew ( cont 'd ) so , I do not fail , huh ? ( beat ) I can ask my question , then ? the arhat sit without move or speak . Drew take that as a yes . drew ( cont 'd ) what be the meaning of life ? the arhat ponder that for a moment , then smile and put he sandle on he head and stand up . arhat what be life ? what be reality ? the head of a dead cat . he walk off , leave Drew sit there , dumbstruck by the answer . drew ( smile ruefully ) I just climb a mountain to ask a loon about the meaning of life . he shake he head and get up , follow the arhat . the arhat be stand on the other side of he hut , the sandle still on he head . arhat for forty year , shaolin disciple have make they quest to deliver a scroll to I . you be not chinese . drew no. american . arhat I notice the littlest detail . drew how many succeed ? arhat a handful . you choose correctly . nothing be more precious than human life . drew but , I do not obey . arhat ( smile slightly ) at the beginning of you training , you be to obey without question . now , as you become a shaolin , you must learn to question everything , and obey yourself . Drew and the monk bow to each other , the sunset over the mountain in the b.g . dissolve to : ext . arhat hut ­ next morning establishing shot of drew coming out of the hut , having just gotten up . the arhat be already out there , move through he go fu move . drew I have to leave . what be the easiest way to get back to the temple . arhat the bus . Drew laugh at the crazy reply and start for the mountain path that bring he to the hut . the arhat run after he , grab he sleeve and pull he over to a place behind he hut . drew's Pov of a road behind the arhat' hut a road ! after all he go through to get there ? arhat ( cont 'd ) Bus stop every 20 min. , will take you straight to the temple . Drew smile and shake he head , then bow to the arhat . the arhat return the bow . drew thank you , master . arhat they should give you a bus schedule with that map ... he walk off to the hut , while Drew make he way down to the bus stop . ext . shaolin temple ­ day establishing shot of drew walking back into the temple . he be dirty , weary but triumphant . as he walk back through the temple to San De 's chamber to report , he see a group of people walk out the other way . the group be make up of the thug who attack he , the woman by the lake , and the man from the bridge . they be talk together on they way out . angle on drew smiling as he realize that it be all a test ­ every moment of it . ext . training area ­ day establishing shot of drew and the disciple training . they be expert fighter now , and they move through the complicated routine with ease . angle on drew flying through the AIR hitting the ground and roll , then come up and throw a shuriken at a target . the throw star hit the target dead center . angle on drew manipulate the spear like a master . angle on drew up on the pole again . only this time , square off against he be Li . they move from pole to pole , throw kick and punch at each other . ext . farm ­ day establishing shot of the group of disciple stand under the swelter summer SUN in front of a run down farm build . the D.S. be stand in front of they . drew we have get to rebuild this ? D.S. no. ( beat ) tear it down . smile grow on the face of the disciple . they rush into the building . following montage section different shot of the monk tear the building apart with kick and punch . Shots of Drew , gao and Li kick through wall , through door , through window , etc . some the three of they destroy together , other be seperate . several shot of disciple as they concentrate on particularly difficult thing , use they chi , smash the brick and wood apart . they be destroy the building , and they be have a great time ! ( note : great place for hot song over this scene ) ext . training area ­ day tight shot of drew's arm pull back to reveal Drew stand there , calmly , while two full - size disciple hang off he arm . ext . temple ­ night establishing shot of drew walking through the courtyard of the temple . he be go nowhere in particular , just walk and think . suddenly , out of nowhere , come the staff and the attack . Drew calmly avoid the first few strike , block a couple more , then grab the staff and pull . out come the D.S. into the night on the other end of the staff . he look proudly at Drew . angle on d.s . as he smile and bow in respect to Drew . Drew return he bow . ext . shaolin temple ­ day establishing shot of san do writing bold , black calligraphy on a bare white paper . the camera follow the sweeping brush , as it end with a flourish . the camera pull back to reveal the temple courtyard , where San De and the D.S. be stand in front of the group of disciple . san do only one trial remain before you become full fledge fight monk . the wooden man chamber . angle on the disciple they be remember the storey they have hear about the chamber . san do ( cont 'd ) I warn you all , any monk who fail must leave the temple forever , and will never be call shaolin . San De pause , let this remark sink in . san do ( cont 'd ) disciple Drew carson , as you will return to America , and never intend to live as a monk in the temple , you need not enter the chamber . angle on drew who rise to the challenge . drew master San De , I be part of the disciple class , be I not ? San De nod . drew ( cont 'd ) then I must pass this final test . furthermore , I request that I be the first one through . san do ( very proud ) you request be grant . angle on drew in front of the entrance to the wooden man chamber . San De and D.S. be flanking Drew as he pause in front of the door . Drew turn to look at San De , and the D.S. smack Drew in the back of the head . drew ( cont 'd ) what do you do that for ? D.S. my last chance ­ when you come out the other side , we will be equal . Drew smile at the D.S. 's attempt to lighten he up . he turn to look at the other from he disciple class , then open the door and go through . int . wooden man chamber ­ same day establishing shot of wooden man chamber . Drew pause for a moment , examine the room . it be fill with wooden statue of monk , all in different fight position . the carving be precise and incredibly beautiful . they arm , open hand , fist and leg be fashioned out of hard wood , and they look very dangerous indeed . Drew gather himself for a moment , then start into the chamber . angle on drew's foot as it press down on one of the stone of the floor . the attack start ­ from all side , as the wooden statue come to life , spin , lung and strike . Drew be catch off guard , and be hit several time , drive back to the door of the chamber . the statue stop move . Drew , a little scared , try to remember the sequence of the statue , let he arm practice for the attack . there be fear in he eye . he start in again , and the attack come again , but they be different this time . Drew be clobbere . drive back to the door , Drew slump against the wall . his face be already bruise and bleed . drew ( whisper ) I can not do it . flashback to d.s . D.S. there be no can not , only will not . flashback to several D.S. attack include the one where Drew succeed in evade they . angle on drew who gather himself , straighten up and take a deep breath , force it out in a breathe exercise . drew ( cont 'd ) I be a shaolin monk . he enter the chamber again , and the attack start again . Drew , however , be prepare ( both mentally and physically ) . he block , avoid , roll , jump and redirect the attack on he , make he way across . he be about halfway across when a especially fierce and large statue come crash towards he . Drew , catch a little off guard , quickly adjust and manage to jump and spin out of the way . suddenly , as he turn and try to get he breath , two huge , deadly spear be streaking towards he . Drew block the spear with he arm , misdirect they into the wall behind he . they thwock into the wall , stick there . as he round a particularly difficult series of statue , a volley of arrow come hurtling towards he . Drew block some , avoid other , and catch one in each hand . he throw they down and continue on . he go past the few remain statue , and be out of the wooden man chamber . all that be leave be to walk down a little hallway and out the door . Drew look behind he , then start to walk . he go cautiously , expect a trap or a trick . nothing happen . he get to the door and look for a handle on the door . he spot a handhold near the top of the door , and pull it with he hand . immediately , he hand be lock in and a panel in the ceiling drop right onto he arm , force it down . Drew fight back with he muscle , the vein pop out in he arm and neck . behind he , a statue have start come towards he , spin like a dervish . its fist and leg be extend , and they be deadly . the panel drop lower and lower . flashback to unbendable arm sequence angle on drew as he relax he face , and forcibly relax he arm and entire body , let he inner energy take over . angle on panel as it slow with a grinding noise , then stop . angle on drew holding up the heavy stone panel with he arm , he face and body completely relaxed . the panel go back up into the ceiling , and the door open . the whirling statue slow , and then stop altogether . Drew reach up with a hook kick and tap it in the face . drew ( cont 'd ) not this time . Drew quickly walk through the door . ext . temple ­ same day establishing shot of cheering assemblage , san do and D.S. at the front . he have made it ! dissolve to : ext . temple ­ same day montage of shot of other disciple ­ gao , li and wu make it through , joining the other as full -fledged fighting monk . Drew be there each time to embrace they and congratulate they . ext . temple ­ same day establishing shot of san do and D.S. stand before the assembled disciple . there be a few miss from they rank , monk who do not make it through the chamber , but the majority of they be there . the entire temple be gather to watch the ceremony . San De and D.S. be dress in elaborate ceremonial robe . after he go through some complicated ceremonial movement , include the wave of smoking incense over they , San De spread he hand san do you be now shaolin . we welcome you into we rank as fight monk ... a roar rise from the assemble monk , and firework go off all around . angle on rear of courtyard where a huge red sheet be pull back to reveal table laden with chinese dish , wine and other food . the party get go and be soon in full gear . angle on drew , gao and li as they congratulate themselves , and gorge themselves on the huge table of chinese food . angle on the entire group they be enjoy themselves . this only happen once every couple of year , and the monk be intent on enjoy themselves . angle on san do ( drew's Pov ) who be walk towards the side of the temple , away from the party . angle on drew who see he leave . he excuse himself from he group . CUT to : ext . bamboo grove ­ same evening angle on san do who be walk in the bamboo grove , he hand behind he . Drew walk up to he and they bow . san do congratulation . drew I would not have make it through without you . ( beat ) you once ask why I come here , why do you let I in ? san do do you remember the story you hear about the monk who would not leave ? drew yes. san do that monk be I . angle on drew who digest this . he smile a little . san do ( cont 'd ) I would like to ask a favor . drew anything . san do before you leave for american , can you help at a international tournament in Beijing ? the shaolin temple have a entry , and he will be fight man from all over the world ­ I would like you to be there . drew no problem . ( he smile ) without pause . san do now , a friend would like to see you . ( beat ) ... alone . from out of the bamboo grove come ashema , she hand in front of she and she head down . she be not sure Drew want to see she . Drew look at she , then back to San De , but he be already go . they be alone . Drew walk to she , take she chin in he hand and tilt it up to look at she face . her eye be full of love and tenderness , and a little fear . Drew kiss that fear away . ext . beijing hall ­ day establishing shot of huge exhibition hall . the marquee read " INTERNATIONAL wu shu competition " . int . beijing hall ­ same day establishing shot of huge hall , the floor of which be crowded with ring . one large raise ring be in the middle of the floor ­ the place for the final . angle on side of the ring where Li , gao , San De , D.S. and some other be wait . they be all in monastic garb . Drew and ashema walk up to they , hold hand . Drew be dress in a fight monk 's costume as well , and he bow to he fellow monk . drew be we late ? san do the fight have not yet start . drew do you think he would get into the final ? san do who could know ? he fight the winner of the western country , which be why I want you here . drew I will help any way I can . angle on the crowd as it part to let someone through . Drew turn casually to look at the competitor . slowly , a figure , follow by a large group of people , come clear ... it be trevor ! angle on drew who be stunne . angle on san do could he have know ? angle on trevor who spot draw stand near the ring . he walk past he , try to place he face . then , he come back and walk right up to Drew and slap he on the back . trevor carson ! Drew carson ! I can not believe it ! I come half way around the world , and run into you ! I hear you leave the city , but I do not know lose to I drive you into be a monk ! Drew be dumbstruck , and trevor take advantage of it . trevor ( cont 'd ) ( to San De ) he take a vow of silence too ? Nice hair , Drew . ( he look at ashema ) if he take a vow of chastity too , honey , you see I after this fight , ' Kay ? he put he arm around ashema and let he hand slide down onto she rear end . trevor ( cont 'd ) wish I luck , huh ? he walk off , and Drew , who still have not say a word , stare after he . all of the monk be look at Drew with question look , everyone that be except for San de. angle on the ring as trevor and the shaolin entry bow to each other . the fight begin . it be not even close . trevor be better than he ever be . he be incredible , and he destroy the shaolin fighter . oblivious to the boo and whistle from the crowd , he play with the shaolin fighter , make he look like a real fool . intercut reaction shot of drew who be watch the destruction . behind he eye , he be relive he humiliation . angle on trevor who finish the shaolin fighter off with a devestate technique , and then immediately play to the crowd , right in front of drew and the other . the referee come over to trevor , and raise he fist up in victory . trevor tear he arm away and scream to the crowd : trevor ( cont 'd ) i'm not do ! the crowd , which before be wild and boo , now grow quiet . trevor ( cont 'd ) I want he ! he point right at Drew . trevor ( cont 'd ) I want to face the american who be now a shaolin monk ! I want to learn at the hand of a master ! the crowd , who have see Drew and hear about he for quite a while , warm to the prospect . they start cheer for the american shaolin to face trevor . trevor ( cont 'd ) I want the american shaolin ! angle on drew who do not know what to do . San De appear and put a comforting hand on he shoulder . angle on trevor point and yell for Drew . angle on drew who climb the rope and go into the ring . the crowd be go crazy , eager to see the match . Drew , oblivious to the crowd , walk over to trevor . drew I come to the shaolin Temple because of you , trevor . you humiliate I , and I want to make sure it could never happen again . trevor so , let 's see what you have learn . drew ( shaking he head ) I have learn that ... there 's nothing to prove . beating you be no longer important . it be my ego that have to be defeat , not you . trevor ( cont 'd ) bull ! you be just chicken ! drew the art should never be about who be best ­ they be too important for that . he bow to trevor and start out of the ring . angle on crowd they do not know what 's go on . angle on li , gao and other they do not know either . they want Drew to fight he . angle on san do and D.S. who know what be happen and be proud of Drew , prouder than they have ever be . trevor come back here ! you can not just walk away ! Drew step out of the ring and walk over to where San De be stand . they bow , and the pride be shine in San De 's eye . san do do you turn away from he out of fear ? angle on trevor who be seethe . trevor I think the shaolin monk be warrior , not baby ! look at he ­ he be too scared to face I ! angle on drew his face calm . drew no , master . I will not fight for personal glory , or for my ego . san do you have learn much . angle on trevor trevor the shaolin monk be pussies ! warrior - monk ? ha ! angle on san do who indicate trevor with a inclination of he head . san do you do the right thing . angle on trevor trevor how about you , baldy ? or you ? he be point at Li and gao and the other , who be itching to climb into the ring . gao go over to San De , and shoot a question look at Drew . gao master , the american be insulting the Temple , and the fight monk . san do ( look at draw ) what should be do ? gao ( cont 'd ) someone should face he in combat . for the tradition of the temple . San De look at Drew long and hard . san do there be some time when a shaolin must fight , and some people who will not learn until they be teach a lesson . angle on drew who understand the implication of what he be say . he start to smile slowly . san do ( cont 'd ) it 's you call . Drew nod , then turn to face the ring , where trevor be still stand , try to get someone to fight he . Drew walk with gao back to the side of the ring . he turn to gao and Li and together they high - five . drew for the temple ... Drew climb into the ring . the crowd be go crazy . trevor have a predator 's grin on he face as he sit down in he corner to get ready to start the match . immediately , he contingent of people start to work on he ­ massage , drink , etc . angle on drew who sit alone in the other corner . angle on li and gao who see the difference . immediately , they mobilize the other monk . angle on gao who pull a drink from one of the man in the crowd , and rush up to give it to Drew . angle on drew's corner as it be flood with monk . some of they be massage Drew ( painfully ) , other be stretch he leg out , other wave towel to bring air to he , etc . the referee signal for the fighter to come to the center . they do , and he motion for they to bow to each other . trevor remember last time , punk ? drew nothing exist but the moment , and ... ( beat ) ... I be go to enjoy it . they back up , and the fight begin . trevor attack hard , but Drew avoid easily , use all soft go fu . he continue to attack , throw flashy technique after flashy technique , but he can not touch Drew . trevor stay still , dammit ! stand and fight ! and he dance out of the way . trevor be get more and more angry . soon , Drew tire of this game and decide to end this quickly . he go after trevor , and it be immediately obvious that trevor be completely outclass . Drew score on trevor at will , and soon have trevor totally confuse and helpless with a mixture of high kick , takedown , flip and punch . trevor drop to one knee , he hand down at he side , note even bother to defend himself . Drew grab trevor by the front of he uniform and pull back he right hand in a fist . he be go to put he out with a good old - fashioned roundhouse punch . angle on li and gao yelling for the knock out blow . angle on D.S. and san do worried about this latest development . instead , however , Drew smile and lift trevor up and shake he hand , put a arm around he to steady he in front of the crowd . trevor look into Drew 's face , wonder why Drew would do such a thing . when he see Drew 's friendly face , he know . to teach he a lesson . trevor smile and hold up Drew 's hand as the champion . the crowd go crazy . angle on li and gao who also get the message . angle on san do and D.S. who know the message all along . wide angle of entire ring Drew and trevor stand together in the center . the monk on the side climb into the ring to celebrate with Drew . ext . great wall ­ morning establishing shot of drew stand on the great wall , the sunset over he shoulder . he be do the beginning of a shaolin form . when he finish the salute , a figure come toward he . it be San De , and he have something in he hand . Drew bow to San De , and San De hold the golden sash out to he . Drew take it and San De bow to he . Drew can not stand it anymore , and rush up to San De . he give he a hug . angle on san do who be not use to show of affection . he be lose for a moment , then he face soften and he return Drew 's embrace . they break and bow again , and San De move off . Drew stand there hold the Golden sash , the rise sun of the first day of the rest of he life shine in the b.g. angle on ashema who come up to Drew , take he arm and walk with he along the great Wall . fade out the end