american psycho by Mary harron and guinevere Turner base on the novel by bret easton Ellis fourth draft November 1998 int . pastel restaurant - night a insanely expensive restaurant on the Upper East side . the decor be a mixture of chi-chi and rustic , with swag silk curtain , handwritten menus and pale pink tablecloth decorate with arrangement of moss , twig and hideous exotic flower . the clientele be young , wealthy and confident , dress in the height of late - eighty style : pouffy lacroix dress , slinky alaïa , armani power suit . close - up on a waiter read out the special . waiter with goat cheese profiterole and I also have a arugula caesar salad . for entré tonight I have a swordfish meatloaf with onion marmalade , a rare-roasted partridge breast in raspberry coulis with a sorrel timbale ... huge white porcelain plate descend on very pale pink linen table cloth . each of the entree be a rectangle about four inch square and look exactly alike . close - up on various diner as we hear fragment of conversation . " be that Charlie sheen over there ? " " Excuse I ? I order cactus pear sorbet . " waiter and grill free-range rabbit with herbed french fries . we pasta tonight be a squid ravioli in a lemon grass broth ... close - up on porcelain plate contain elaborate perpendicular dessert descend on another table . patrick bateman , timothy price , craig mcdermott and david van patten be at a table set for four . they be all wear expensively cut suit and suspender and have slicked - back hair . Van patten wear horn-rimmed glass . the camera move in on Bateman as he narration begin : bateman ( v.o. ) we be sit in pastel , this nouvelle Northern California place on the Upper East side . the waiter set down plate contain tiny , elaborately decorate starter . as he do so we hear Bateman 's description of each of the man at the table . bateman ( v.o. ) you will notice that my friend and I all look and behave in a remarkably similar fashion , but there be subtle difference between we . McDermott be the biggest asshole . Van patten be the yes man . price be the most wire . I be the best look . we all have light tan . right now I be in a bad mood because this be not a good table , and Van patten keep ask dumb , obvious question about how to dress . van patten what be the rule for a sweater vest ? mcdermott what do you mean ? price yes. clarify . mcdermott well , be it strictly informal - bateman or can it be wear with a suit ? mcdermott ( smiling ) exactly bateman with discreet pinstripe you should wear a subdued blue or charcoal gray vest . a plaid suit would cal I for a bolder vest . mcdermott but avoid match the vest 's pattern with you sock or tie . wearing argyle sock with a argyle vest will look too study . van patten you think so ? price you will look like you consciously work for the look . van patten good point . Excuse I , gentleman . Van patten leave the table . as he do so , a busboy discreetly remove they largely untouched plate . bateman Van patten look puffy . have he stop work out ? price it look that way , do not it ? mcdermott ( stare at retreate waiter ) do he just take we plate away ? price he take they away because the portion be so small he probably think we be finish . God , I hate this place . this be a chick ' restaurant . why be not we at dorsia ? mcdermott because Bateman will not give the maitre d' head . ( he guffaw ) Bateman throw a swizzle stick at he . McDermott scan the room , settling on a handsome young man with slicked - back hair and horn-rimmed glass . mcdermott be that reed Robinson over there ? price be you freebase or what ? that 's not Robinson . mcdermott who be it then ? price that 's Paul Owen . bateman that 's not Paul Owen . Paul Owen 's on the other side of the room . over there . he point to another handsome young man with slicked - back hair and horn-rimmed glass . mcdermott who be he with ? price ( distract by the waitress 's cleavage as she bend over to uncork a bottle of wine '' the waitress glare at he ) some weasel from kicker peabody . Van patten return . van patten they do not have a good bathroom to do coke in . mcdermott be you sure that 's Paul Owen over there ? price yes . mcdufus , I be . mcdermott he 's handle the Fisher account . price lucky bastard . mcdermott lucky Jew bastard . bateman oh Jesus , McDermott , what do that have to do with anything ? mcdermott listen . I have see the bastard sit in he office on the phone with ceo , spin a fuck menorah . the bastard bring a hanukkah bush into the office last December . bateman you spin a dreidel , McDermott , not a menorah . you spin a dreidel . mcdermott oh my god. Bateman , do you want I to fry you up some fuck potato pancake ? some latke ? bateman no . just cool it with the anti-semitic remark . mcdermott oh I forget . Bateman 's dating someone from the aclu . price lean over and pat Bateman on the back . price the voice of reason . the boy next door . and speak of reasonable ... he show McDermott the bill for the meal . mcdermott only $ 470 . van patten ( without irony ) not bad . the other murmur agreement . four platinum amex card slap down on the table . int . limousine - night Bateman be pour vintage champagne into flute . price be lighting up a cigar . mcdermott last week I pick up this Vassar chick - van patten oh God , I be there . I do not need to hear this story again . mcdermott but I never tell you what happen afterwards . so okay , I pick up this Vassar chick at tunnel - hot number , big tit , great leg , this chick be a little hardbody - and so I buy she a couple of champagne kir and she 's in the city on spring break and she 's practically blow I in the chandelier room and so I take she back to my place - bateman whoa , wait . May I ask where pamela be during all this ? mcdermott oh fuck you . I want a blowjob , bate-man . I want a chick who 's gonna let I - van patten ( put he hand over he ear ) I do not want to hear this . he 's go to say something disgusting . mcdermott you prude . listen , we be not gonna invest in a co - op together or jet down to Saint Bart 's . I just want some chick whose face I can sit on for thirty , forty minute . price throw a cigar at McDermott , who catch it . mcdermott anyway , so we be back at my place and listen to this . she 's have enough champagne by now to get a fuck rhino tipsy , and get this - van patten she let you fuck she without a condom ? mcdermott this be a Vassar girl . she 's not from queen . she would only - be you ready ? ( Dramatic pause ) she would only give I a handjob , and get this ... she keep she glove on . the man sit in shocked , horrify silence . all in unison never date a Vassar girl . ext . tunnel nightclub - night the limo pull up to the sidewalk outside the tunnel . McDermott hold the door open for a pass homeless man , who look confuse . mcdermott I suppose he do not want the car . price , ask he if he take american Express . price ( offer card ) you take amex , dude ? the man stumble away . the club doorman , see the limousine , unhook the velvet rope and welcome they inside . int . lady room , tunnel - night brilliant white light , a bemuse elderly female attendant in a black - and - white may 's uniform try to give out paper towel . music thud through a open doorway . trashed - look girl stare into mirror repair they eye make - up or sit on the counter chat to friend . there be almost as many man as woman in the room . couple stand in line , twitching as they wait to do coke . as soon as one bathroom door open , a couple lurch out rub they nose while another couple rush past they and slam the door . price there 's this theory out now that if you can catch the aids virus through have sex with someone who be infect , then you can also catch anything - Alzheimer 's , muscular dystrophy , hemophilia , leukemia , diabete , dyslexia , for Christ 's sake - you can get dyslexia from pussy - bateman I be not sure , guy , but I do not think dyslexia be a virus . price oh , who know ? they do not know that . prove it . price and Bateman finally get a stall and rush in . price be sweat . price I be shaking . you open it . Bateman open a tiny packet of coke . price jeez . that 's not a helluva lot , be it ? bateman maybe it 's just the light . price be he fuck sell it by the milligram ? ( he dip the corner of he amex card in the packet and take a snort ) oh my God ... bateman what ? price it 's a fuck milligram of sweet and low ! Bateman dip he amex in the envelope and snort . bateman it 's definitely weak but I have a feel if we do enough of it we will be okay . price I want to get high off this ; Bateman , not sprinkle it on my fuck all - bran . the guy in stall next door yell at they in a effeminate voice : guy in stall could you keep it down , I be try to do drug ! price pound he fist against the stall . price ( scream ) shut up ! bateman calm down . let 's do it anyway price I guess you be right ... ( raising he voice ) that be , if the faggot in the next stall thinks it's okay ! guy in stall fuck you ! price ( try to climb up against the aluminum divider ) no , fuck you !! ( he collapse , panting against the stall door ) sorry , dude . steroid ... okay , let 's do it . bateman that 's the spirit . they both dig they platinum amex card into the envelope of white powder , shoveling it up they nose , then stick they finger in to catch the residue and rub it into they gum . int . nightclub - night Bateman saunter toward the bar as " Pump up the volume " play in the background . bateman ( to bargirl ) two stoli on the rock . he hand she two drink ticket . bargirl it 's after eleven . that be not good anymore . it 's a cash bar . that will be twenty - five dollar . Bateman pull out a expensive - look wallet and hand she a $ 50 . she turn she back and search the cash register for change . bateman you be a fuck ugly bitch I want to stab to death and then play around with you blood . the music muffle he voice . she turn around . he be smile at she . she give he he change impassively . int . bateman' apartment - morning tableaux of Bateman 's apartment in the early morning light . a huge white live room with floor - to-ceil window look out over Manhattan , decorate in expensive , minimalist high style : bleach oak floor , a huge white sofa , a large baselitz painting ( hang upside down ) and much expensive electronic equipment . the room be impeccably neat , and oddly impersonal - as if it have sprung straight from the page of a design magazine . bateman ( v.0 . ) my name be Patrick Bateman . I be twenty - six year old . I live in the american Garden building on West eighty - first Street , on the eleventh floor Tom Cruise life in the penthouse . Bateman walk into he bathroom , urinate while try to see he reflection in a poster for Les miserables above he toilet . bateman ( v.0 . ) I believe in take care of myself , in a balanced diet , in a rigorous exercise routine . in the morning , if my face be a little puffy , I will put on a ice pack while do my stomach crunch . I can do a thousand now . Bateman tie a plastic ice pack around he face . Bateman do he morning stretch exercise in the live room wear the ice pack . CUT to : a mirror-line bathroom . Bateman be luxuriate in the shower steam , scrubbing he body , admire he muscle . bateman ( v.o. ) after I remove the icepack , I use a deep pore- cleanser lotion . in the shower , I use a water - activate gel cleanser , then a honey - almond body scrub , and on the face a exfoliate gel scrub . Bateman stand in front of a massive marble sink apply a gel facial masque . bateman ( v.o. ) then I apply a herb mint facial masque which I leave on for ten minute while I prepare the rest of my routine . Bateman open the door of a mirrore cabinet , which be stock with immaculate row of skin care product . he begin select bottle jar and brushes , lay they in readiness on the marble counter . bateman ( v.o. ) I always use a after-shave lotion with little or no alcohol because alcohol dry you face out and make you look older . then moisturizer , then a anti-age eye balm , follow by a final moisturize " protective " lotion ... Bateman stare into the mirror . the masque have dry , give he face a strange distort look as if it have be wrap in plastic . he begin slowly peel the gel masque off he face . bateman ( v.o. ) there be a idea of a Patrick Bateman , some kind of abstraction , hut there be no real I , only a entity , something illusory , and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh grip you and maybe you can even sense we lifestyle be probably comparable : I simply be not there . int . bateman bedroom - morning another huge white room , equally minimal : a futon , rumple white sheet , a bedside lamp with a halogen bulb , and a large expensive painting ( Eric fischl or David salle ) choose by Bateman 's interior decorator . dress in silk boxer short , Bateman stand in front of a huge walk - in closet , fill with row of expensive shirt , shoe and designer suit , organize accord to color and tone . bateman ( v.o . ) it be hard for I to make sense on any give level . my self be fabricate , a aberration . my personality be sketchy and unform , my heartlessness go deep and be persistent . fully dress in armani , Bateman stand in front of a full - length mirror in the middle of he vast bedroom , adjust he cuff-link . bateman ( v.0 . ) my conscience , my pity , my hope disappear a long time ago , if they ever do exist . he give a last look at the mirror and like what he see . he give he reflection a smile . int . office of pierce &amp ; pierce - day as Bateman walk down the corridor , he pass another man who look just like he . man Morning , Hamilton . Nice tan . Bateman walk past the desk of jean , he secretary , pull he walkman from around he neck . Jean be attractive , wholesome , earnest . she smile shyly . she love he . jean late ? bateman aerobics class . sorry . any message ? jean ricky hendrick have to cancel today . he do not say what he be cancel or why . bateman I occasionally box with ricky at the Harvard Club . anyone else ? jean and ... Spencer want to meet you for a drink at fluty pier 17 . bateman when ? jean after six . bateman negative . cancel it . Jean follow he into he office . jean oh ? and what should I say ? bateman just...say ...no . jean just say no ? Jean stand at he desk , wait for instruction . bateman okay , Jean . I need reservation for three at camol at twelve - thirty , and if not there , try crayon . all right ? jean ( playfully ) yes , sir . she turn to leave . bateman oh wait . and I need reservation for two at arcadia at eight tonight . Jean turn around . jean oh , something . . romantic ? bateman no , silly . forget it . I will make they . thanks . jean I will do it . bateman no. no . be a doll and just get I a perrier , okay ? jean you look nice today . Jean exit . Bateman straighten some magazine in he office , lift a painting off the wall and put it back at a slightly different angle . he fiddle with some pencil in a beer stein . he put on some music and flip through a Sports illustrate . he buzze Jean . she come in a moment later with the perrier and a file . jean yes ? bateman be that the ransom file ? thanks . do not wear that outfit again . jean ummm ... what ? I do not hear you . bateman I say " do not wear that outfit again . " wear a dress . a skirt or something . Jean stand there , then look down at herself . jean ( smiling bravely ) you do not like this , I take it ? bateman come on , you be prettier than that . jean ( sarcastically ) thanks , Patrick . the phone ring and Jean turn to leave . bateman I be not here . and high heel . I like high heel . as Jean leave , Bateman click on the tv set in one corner of the room and start watch Jeopardy ! int . taxi - evening evelyn william , Patrick Bateman 's fiancée , be make note with a gold Cross pen and sip a bottle of mineral water . Evelyn be blonde , classically beautiful , expensively educate , and utterly pleased with herself . she usually address Patrick as if he be a small child . evelyn I would want a zydeco band , Patrick . that 's what I would want , a zydeco band . or mariachi . or reggae . something ethnic to shock daddy oh , I can not decide ... and lot of chocolate truffle . Godiva . and oyster on the halfshell . close - up on Bateman , who be wear a walkman and stare out the window . bateman ( v.o. ) I be try to listen to the new George Michael tape but Evelyn - my suppose fiancée- keep buzzing in my ear . Evelyn continue to make note . evelyn marzipan . pink tent . hundred , thousand of rose . photographer . Annie leibovitz . we will get Annie leibovitz . and we will hire someone to videotape . Patrick , we should do it . bateman ( removing he walkman ) do ... what . evelyn get marry . have a wedding . bateman Evelyn ? evelyn yes , darling ? bateman be you evian spike ? evelyn we should do it . bateman no- I can not take the time off work . evelyn you father practically own the company . you can do anything you like , silly . bateman I do not want to talk about it . evelyn well , you hate that job anyway . why do not you just quit ? you do not have to work . bateman because i...want...to...fit...in. the taxi bump to a halt . int . espace restaurant - night a cavernous garage , harshly spot-lit , decorate in self - conscious brutalist chic . Iron girder , wall of wax plaster feature expose rusted pipe , a huge schnabel smashed - plate painting on one wall . the table and chair be make of extremely uncomfortable bolt steel . bateman ( v.o. ) I be on the verge of tear by the time we arrive at espace since I be positive we will not have a decent table , but we do , and relief wash over I in a awesome wave . tm price and two downtown type , stash and vanden , be already seat . vanden be about twenty , pretty and sullen , with green streak in she black hair . stash be pale , with rag black hair and bad skin . they be all try to read large stainless steel menus that look like minimalist art . price the menu 's in braille . he get up to greet they , give Evelyn a suspiciously long kiss . price I have to talk to you . he drag she away , half giggle and protest . evelyn ( over she shoulder ) Pat , this be my cousin vanden and she boyfriend stash . he 's a artist . bateman ( after smile at he own reflection in the mirror and check he hair ) hi. Pat Bateman . vanden take he hand reluctantly , say nothing . bateman let I guess - you live in the East Village ? pause . stash soho . courtney rawlinson and luis carruther arrive at the table . Courtney be blonde , classically beautiful and from precisely the same social background as Evelyn , but she be considerably more fragile and neurotic . Luis be half - English , half - argentinean , slightly overweight ( a rarity in this crowd ) , puppyish and eager to please . he wear the same type of designer clothes as price and Bateman , but with foppish tendency : velvet jacket , bow -ty , boldly pattern vest . they exchange air kiss . as soon as Luis turn he back , Bateman sneak a kiss on Courtney 's neck . courtney ( whisper ) stop it ! stash and vanden watch they in silence . later : price be whisper in Evelyn 's ear . everyone else be quietly eat , except Bateman , who be drink and watch Evelyn and price . bateman ( v.o. ) I be fairly sure that timothy and Evelyn be have a affair . timothy be the only interesting person I know . Courtney be almost perfect look . she 's usually operate on one or more psychiatric drug . tonight I believe it 's xanax . more disturbing than she drug use , though , be the fact that she 's engage to Luis carruther , the biggest dufus in the business . Courtney rouse herself from she drug haze . courtney tell I . stash ... do you think soho be become to ... commercial ? carruther yes , I read that . price oh , who give a rat 's ass ? vanden hey . that affect we . price ( wire on coke ) oh ho ho . that affect we ? what about the massacre in Sri Lanka , honey ? do not that affect we , too ? I mean do not you know anything about Sri Lanka ? about how the sikh be kill like ton of Israelis there ? do not that affect we ? bateman oh come on . price . there be a lot more important problem than Sri Lanka to worry about . sure we foreign policy be important , but there be more press problem at hand . price like what ? bateman well , we have to end apartheid for one . and slow down the nuclear arm race , stop terrorism and world hunger . but we can not ignore we social need . either we have to stop people from abuse the welfare system . we have to provide food and shelter for the homeless and oppose racial discrimination and promote civil rights while also promote equal rights for woman but change the abortion law to protect the right to life yet still somehow maintain woman 's freedom of choice . the table stare at Bateman uncomfortably . bateman we also have to control the influx of illegal immigrant . we have to encourage a return to traditional moral value and curb graphic sex and violence on tv , in movie , in pop music , everywhere . most importantly we have to promote general social concern and less materialism in young people . price choke on he drink . everyone be silent and mystify . carruther Patrick , how think - provoking . int . evelyn' bedroom - later the same evening Bateman and Evelyn be lie on she bed watch television . bateman why don t you just go for price ? evelyn oh God , Patrick . why price ? price ? bateman he 's rich . evelyn everybody 's rich . bateman he 's good -look . evelyn everybody 's good -look , Patrick . bateman he have a great body evelyn everybody have a great body now . Bateman unbutton he shirt and make advance to get Evelyn to have sex with he . she ignore he , watch the Home Shopping Channel with the remote in she hand . finally , he straddle she , penis close to she face . she try to look around he at the tv , then take notice . evelyn what do you want to do with that , floss with it ? Bateman flop back down beside she and stare at the television . evelyn be you use minoxidil ? bateman no. I be not . why should I ? evelyn you hairline look like it 's recede . bateman it 's not . ext . STREET - later that night it be 3 a.m. Bateman be stand at a ATM , listen to the comforting sound of fresh bill thudding out of the machine . Bateman turn around and watch a solitary young woman walk past he . he collect he money , place it carefully in he wallet , and then walk toward she , whistling . he catch up to she as she pause at a red light . bateman hello . the woman look suspicious for a moment and then , see he smile , smile back . int . dry cleaners - day Bateman , dress in a armani suit with a unlit cigar between he tooth be stand in a dry cleaner , argue with the chinese woman behind the counter . bateman listen , wait . you be not ... shhh wait ... you be not give I valid reason . the woman continue to speak to he in another language , grab at the sleeve of the jacket . bateman what be you try to say to I ? her husband have take Bateman 's horribly bloodstain sheet out of the bag and be stare at they . bateman bleach-ee ? be you try to say bleach -ee ? bleach -ee . oh my god. she keep point to the jacket and talk . bateman ( talk over she ) two thing . one . you can not bleach a soprani . out of the question . two. ( louder ) two . I can only get this sheet in Santa Fe . this be very expensive sheet and I really need they clean . she keep talk and Bateman lean into she . bateman if you do not shut you fuck mouth I will kill you , be you understanding I ? she talk faster . bateman now listen - I have a very important lunch meeting ( check rolex ) at hubert 's in thirty minute , and I need that ... no wait , twenty minute . I have a lunch meeting at hubert 's in twenty minute with Ronald Harrison and I need that sheet clean by this afternoon . she keep talk . bateman listen . I can not understand you . Bateman start laugh , slap he hand down on the counter . bateman this be crazy . you be a fool . I can not cope with this . Bateman be on the verge of tear . bateman stupid bitchee ! understand ? oh Christ ! someone enter the store behind he . it 's victoria , late-twenty , attractive but a little overweight , wear a tailore business suit with white sneaker and sport sock . victoria Patrick ? she take off she sunglass . victoria hi , Patrick . I think that be you . bateman hello ( mumble un incomprehensible name ) awkward pause . bateman well . victoria be not it ridiculous ? come all the way up here , but you know . they really be the best . bateman then why can not they get this stain out ? I mean can you talk to this people or something ? I be not get anywhere . Victoria move toward the sheet that the old man be hold up . she touch it and the woman behind the counter begin talk again . victoria oh my , I see . what be that ? oh my . bateman um , well ... it 's cranberry juice . cranapple . victoria ( skeptically ) really ? bateman well , I mean , um , it 's really ... bosco . you know , like ... like a dove bar . it 's a dove bar ... hershey 's syrup ? victoria ( as if share a secret joke ) oh yeah . oh I get it . fun with chocolate . bateman listen , if you could talk to they ( he yank the sheet out of the man 's hand ) I would really appreciate it . I be really late . I have a lunch appointment at hubert 's in fifteen minute . Bateman turn to leave . victoria hubert 's ? oh really ? it move uptown , right ? bateman yeah , well , oh boy , listen , I have get to go . thank you , uh ... Victoria ? victoria maybe we could have lunch one day next week ? you know , I be downtown near Wall Street quite often . bateman oh , I do not know , Victoria . I be at work all the time . victoria well , what about , oh , you know , maybe a Saturday ? bateman ( check he watch ) next Saturday ? victoria ( shrugge ) yeah . bateman oh , can not , I be afraid . matinée of Les miserables . listen , I have really get to go . I will - oh ... Christ ... I will call you . victoria okay . do . Bateman glare at the woman behind the counter and rush out the door . Victoria stare after he as we hear the sound of the bell on the close door . int . bateman' apartment - day Bateman be sit on the sofa watch a video , talk to Courtney on a portable phone . he 's hold a video box in one hand , peruse the title : Inside lydia 's ass . offsccreen we hear the sound of the porn movie as he talk . bateman listen , what be you do tonight ? courtney what ? oh , I be ... busy . bateman listen , you be dating Luis , he 's in Arizona . you be fuck I , and we have not make plan . what could you possibly be up to tonight ? courtney stop it . I be ... bateman on a lot of lithium ? courtney wait for Luis to call I . he say he would call tonight . oh do not be difficult , Patrick . bateman you should come have dinner with I . courtney but-when ? bateman be I confuse or be we talk about tonight ? courtney ummm . . yeah . Luis be call I tonight . I need to be home for that . bateman pumpkin ? courtney yes ? bateman pumpkin you be dating a asshole . courtney uh huh . bateman pumpkin you be dating the biggest dickweed in New York . courtney I know . stop it . bateman pumpkin , you be dating a tumble , tumble dickweed . courtney Patrick do not call I pumpkin anymore , okay ? I have to go . bateman Courtney ? dinner ? courtney I can not . bateman I be think dorsia . courtney dorsia 's nice . bateman Nice ? courtney you like it there , do not you ? bateman the question be do you like it , Courtney ? and will you blow off a fuck phone call from you sad excuse for a boyfriend to eat there tonight . courtney okay . yeah . what time ? bateman eight ? courtney pick I up ? bateman sound like I will have to . do not fall asleep , okay ? wear something fabulous . dorsia , remember ? Bateman hang up , open up the Zagat 's guide and dial the number for dorsia with tremble finger . it 's busy and so he put it on speakerphone , constant redial . he wait with he head in he hand , sweat with anxiety , until there be finally a answer . maitre d' dorsia . please hold . he be on hold for a long time , get very tense . maitre d' dorsia . bateman ( both of he eye be close ) umm...y ... I know it 's a little late but be it possible to reserve a table for two at eight or eight - thirty perhaps ? Long pause . the maitre D ' start giggle quietly and then more loudly until the laughter be almost hysterical and he hang up the phone . int . taxi - night Bateman and Courtney be in the back of a cab . Courtney be heavily medicate . courtney a facial at Elizabeth arden , which be really relax , then to the pottery bam where I buy this silver muffin dish . ( she start to pass out ) bateman be that Donald trump 's car ? courtney ( thickly ) oh God , Patrick . shut up . bateman you know , Courtney , you should take some more lithium . or have a diet Coke . some caffeine might get you out of this slump . courtney I just want to have a child . just ...two ... perfect ... child ... ( her voice trail as she descend back into a drug haze ) the cab draw up outside a restaurant . the awning read " barcadia . " int . barcadia - night a insanely expensive nouvelle italian restaurant all polished natural brick , spotless white tablecloth , minimalist flower arrangement , discreet lighting . a waiter have come to take they drink order . bateman j&amp ; B. straight . courtney Champagne on the rock . oh- could I have that with a twist ? she start to sink back in she chair and Bateman lean over and pull she back up . courtney be we here ? bateman yes . courtney this be dorsia ? bateman ( examine a menu that say " barcadia " in large script ) yes , dear . Courtney almost fall asleep while look at she menu , and start to slide off of she chair . Bateman grab she by both shoulder and prop she up . bateman Courtney , you be go to have the peanut butter soup with smoke duck and mashed squash . New York magazine call it a ' playful but mysterious little dish . " you will love it . and then ... the red snapper with violet and pine nut . I think that will follow nicely . courtney mmmm ... thanks , Patrick . she fall asleep at the table . int . courtney' bedroom - night Bateman and Courtney be in Courtney 's bed . Bateman be on top of she , reach for a condom in the ashtray . he tear it open with he tooth , put it on . courtney ( daze on lithium ) I want you to fuck I . Bateman get on top of she , start to fuck she . courtney Luis be a despicable twit . bateman yes , Luis be a despicable twit . I hate he . he keep fuck she . courtney no , you idiot . I say " be it a receptacle tip ? " not , be Luis a despicable twit . be it a receptacle tip ? get off I . bateman be it a what ? courtney pull out . bateman I be ignore you . courtney ( scream ) pull out , goddamnit ! bateman ( slow down but not stop ) what do you want , Courtney ? she push he away from she . bateman it 's a plain end . I think . courtney turn the light on . she try to sit up . bateman oh Jesus . I be go home . courtney Patrick . turn on the Light . he turn on the light . bateman it 's a plain end , see ? so ? courtney take it off . bateman why ? courtney because you have to leave half a inch at the tip '' ( she cover herself with she comforter ) to catch the force of the ejaculate ! bateman I be get out of here . where 's you lithium ? Courtney throw a pillow over she head and start cry . courtney ( scream ) do you think you be turn I on by have unsafe sex ? Bateman pull the pillow off she and slap she face . bateman oh Christ , this really be not worth it . and see , Courtney , it 's there for what ? huh ? tell we . ( he slap she again lightly ) why be it pull down half a inch ? so it can catch the force of the ejaculate ! courtney ( choke cry ) well , it 's not a turn - on for I . I have a promotion come to I . I do not want to get aids . Bateman grab she head and make she look at the condom . bateman see ? happy ? you dumb bitch ? be you happy , you dumb bitch ? courtney oh God , just get it over with . he fuck she quickly until he have a mediocre orgasm and fall down next to she . they lie side by side with they body not touch , eye open , stare at the ceiling . int . conference room , pierce &amp ; pierce - day Bateman and Luis carruther be seat at a long table in the conference room at pierce &amp ; pierce , which look out onto a spectacular view of Manhattan . carruther Patrick , thanks so much for look after Courtney . dorsia , how impressive ! how on earth do you get a reservation there ? bateman lucky , I guess . carruther that 's a wonderful jacket . let I guess , valentino couture ? bateman uh huh . carruther ( reaching out to touch it ) it look so soft . bateman ( catch Luis hand ) you compliment be sufficient Luis . carruther be distract by a question from the colleague on he leave . Paul Owen enter , carry the Wall St. Journal under he arm . he be handsome , supremely confident and self - satisfied ; he see himself as a leader among man . owen ( to Bateman ) hello , halberstam . Nice tie . how the hell be you ? bateman I have be great . and you ? they conversation fade down as we hear Bateman 's thought . bateman ( v.o. ) Owen have mistaken I for this dickhead Marcus halberstam . it seem logical because Marcus also work at p&amp ; p and in fact do the same exact thing I do and he also have a penchant for valentino suit and Oliver people glass . Marcus and I even go to the same barber , although I have a slightly better haircut . during this voiceover the camera wander over to marcus halberstam , who be confer with a colleague in the opposite corner of the room . he bear a superficial resemblance to Bateman . owen how 's the ransom account go , Marcus ? bateman ( nervous ) it 's ... it 's ... all right . owen really ? that 's interesting . ( he stare at Bateman , smile ) not great ? bateman oh well , you know . owen and how 's cecilia ? she 's a great girl . bateman oh yes . I be very lucky . McDermott and price enter . mcdermott hey . Owen ! congratulation on the Fisher account . owen thank you , baxter . price listen , Paul . squash ? owen call I . ( hand he a business card ) price how about Friday ? owen no can do . get a re at eight - thirty at dorsia . great sea urchin ceviche . there be a stunne silence as he walk away and sit in a corner of the room , ostentatiously study papers . close - up on Bateman 's face , cold with hatred . price ( whisper ) jesus. dorsia ? on a Friday night ? how would he swing that ? mcdermott ( whisper ) I think he 's lie . Bateman take out he wallet and pull out a card . price ( suddenly enthuse ) what 's that , a gram ? bateman New card . what do you think ? McDermott lift it up and examine the lettering carefully . mcdermott whoa . very nice . take a look . he hand it to Van patten . bateman picked they up from the printer yesterday van patten good coloring . bateman that 's bone . and the lettering be something call silian Rail . mcdermott ( envious ) silian Rail ? van patten it be very cool , Bateman . but that 's nothing . he pull a card out of he wallet and slap it on the table . van patten look at this . they all lean forward to inspect it . price that 's really nice . Bateman clenches he fist beneath the table , try to control he anxiety . van patten eggshell with romalian type . ( turn to Bateman ) what do you think ? bateman ( barely able to breath , he voice a croak ) Nice . price ( holding the card up to the light ) Jesus . this be really super . how would a nitwit like you get so tasteful ? Bateman stare at he own card and then enviously at McDermott 's . bateman ( v.o. ) I can not believe that price prefer McDermott 's card to mine . price but wait . you be not see nothin ' yet . he hold up he own card . price raise lettering , pale nimbus white ... bateman ( choke with anxiety ) impressive . very nice . let 's see Paul Owen 's card . price pull a card from a inside coat pocket and hold it up for they inspection : " paul owen , pierce &amp ; pierce , merger and acquisition . " Bateman swallow , speechless . the sound in the room die down and all we hear be a faint heartbeat as Bateman stare at the magnificent card . bateman ( v.o. ) look at that subtle off - white coloring . the tasteful thickness of it . oh my God , it even have a watermark ... his hand shaking , Bateman lift up the card and stare at it until it fill the screen . he let it fall . the SOUND return to normal . carruther be something wrong ? Patrick ... you be sweat . ext . STREET - evening the financial district . the street be eerily desert . Bateman stand at a ATM , enjoy the reassure sound of $ 500 in fresh bill thudding from the machine . as he turn to leave , he notice someone across the street . a homeless man be lie in a doorway on top of a open grate , surround by bag of garbage and a shopping cart . a cardboard sign be attach to the front of the cart : I am homeless and hungry please help I . a small , thin dog lie next to he . he be black , dress in a stain , tear , lime - green polyester pants suit with jeans wear over the pants . bateman ( offer he hand ) hello . Pat Bateman . the homeless man stare at Bateman , struggle to sit up . bateman you want some money ?. some ...food ? the homeless man nod and start to cry . Bateman reach into he pocket and pull out a $ I 0 bill , then change he mind and hold out a $ 5 instead . bateman be this what you need ? the homeless man nod , look away , wipe he nose . homeless man I be so hungry . bateman it 's cold out , too , be not it ? homeless man I be so hungry . bateman ( holding the bill just out of the man 's reach ) why do not you get a job ? if you be so hungry , why do not you get a job ? homeless man ( shiver and sobbing ) I lose my job ... bateman why ? be you drink ? be that why you lose it ? insider trading ? just joke . no , really - be you drink on the job ? homeless man I be fire . I be laid off . bateman gee , uh , that 's too bad . homeless man I be so hungry . the dog start to whimper . bateman why do not you get another one ? why do not , you get another job ? homeless man I be not ... bateman you be not what ? qualified for anything else ? homeless man I be hungry bateman I know that , I know that . jeez , you be like a break record . I be try to help you . homeless man I be hungry . bateman listen , do you think it 's fair to take money from people who do have job ? from people who do work ? homeless man what be I gonna do ? bateman listen , what 's you name ? homeless man Al . bateman speak up . come on . homeless man Al . bateman get a goddamn job , Al . you have get a negative attitude . that 's what 's stop you . you have get to get you act together . I will help you . homeless man you be so kind , mister . you be kind . you be a kind man . I can tell . bateman ( petting the dog ) shhhh ... it 's okay . homeless man ( grabbing Bateman 's wrist ) please ... I don know what to do . I be so cold . bateman ( stroke he face , whisper ) do , you know how bad you smell ? the stench , my God . homeless man I can not ... I can not find a shelter bateman you reek . you reek of ... shit . do you know that ? ( shout ) goddammit , al-look at I and stop cry like some kind of faggot . Al ... I be sorry . Bateman carefully put the money back in he wallet . bateman it 's just that ... I do not know I do not have anything in common with you . he open he briefcase and pull out a long thin knife with a serrate edge . he push up the sleeve of he jacket to protect it . bateman do you know what a fuck loser , you be ? homeless man' Pov as Bateman lunge at he with the knife . extreme wide shot of the street . Bateman 's shadow figure be hunch over the homeless man , stabbing he in the stomach . the dog bark wildly and Bateman stomp on it until it be silent . low angle shot of Bateman as he throw a quarter on the ground . bateman there 's a quarter . go buy some gum . Bateman walk calmly into the empty cavern of Wall Street . Cars drift past , they headlight momentarily illuminate the body leave twitching on the ground . int . beauty salon - day close - up on Bateman 's face and torso . his eye be close as a woman 's hand rub cream into he face . facialist what beautiful skin you have , Mr Bateman . so fine , so smooth ... his eye open to look up at the facialist and then he close they again . bateman ( v.o. ) I have all the characteristic of a human be - flesh , blood , skin , hair - but not a single clear , identifiable emotion except for greed , und disgust . something horrible be happen inside I and I do not know why . CUT to : Bateman sit in a chair , look down at the manicurist who be give he a pedicure . she be cut he nail with tiny sharp scissors . he stare at they longingly . bateman ( v.o. ) my nightly bloodlust have overflow into my day . I feel lethal , on the verge of frenzy . CUT to : Bateman lie irradiate by ultraviolet light on a tanning bed , wear goggle . bateman ( v.o. ) I think my mask of sanity be about to slip . int . texarkana restaurant - night a insanely expensive nouvelle tex - mex restaurant , with a ironic southwestern decor : Santa Fe color , navajo blanket , naive cowboy art , rawhide banquette . Bateman burst in the door , late , and approach the maitre D '. bateman Marcus halberstam . for two at eight ? maitre d' you friend have already be seat . follow I , Mr. halberstam . Paul Owen be seat at a table underneath a enormous pair of ram 's horn . he be argue with the waiter . owen no , I want to know . I come here for the cilantro crawfish gumbo , which be after all the only excuse one could have for be in this restaurant , which be by the way , almost completely empty . be I to believe that all ten people in this restaurant have eat you entire supply of cilantro crawfish gumbo ? waiter I be very sorry sir . there be a fire in the kitchen earlier today , and - bateman j&amp ; B , straight . and a Dixie beer . waiter would you like to hear - owen double absolut martini . waiter yes , sir . would you like to hear the special ? bateman not if you want to keep you spleen . the waiter leave . owen this be a real beehive of , uh , activity , halberstam . this place be hot , very hot . bateman listen , the mud soup and the charcoal arugula be outrageous here . owen yeah , well , you be late . bateman hey , I be a child of divorce . give I a break ( study the menu ; he 's in a surprisingly good mood ) hmmm , I see they have omit the pork loin with lime jello . owen we should have go to dorsia . I could have get we a table . bateman nobody go there anymore . there be a long disgruntled silence . bateman be that ivana trump over there ? ( laugh ) jeez Patrick I mean Marcus , what be you think ? why would ivana be at texarkana ? another pause . bateman so , be not rothschild originally handle the Fisher account ? how do you get it ? owen I could tell you that , halberstam , but then I would have to kill you . he guffaw . Bateman laugh politely . later : Paul Owen be very drunk . bateman cold sober . bateman I like to dissect girl . do you know I be utterly insane ? Owen continue laugh and motion to the waiter for another drink . owen great tan , Marcus . really impressive . where do you tan ? bateman salon . owen I have get a tanning bed at home . you should look into it . Bateman nod , agitate . owen and cecelia , how be she ? where be she tonight ? bateman cecelia be , well ... you know ( cecelia . I think she 's have dinner with ... Evelyn Williams . owen Evelyn . great ass . go out with that loser Patrick Bateman . what a dork . bateman another martini , Paul ? Owen nod drunkenly . later : the end of the meal . Owen be squeezing a lime onto the table , miss he beer , incredibly drunk . the check be laid down . bateman ( talk to Owen like a child ) Paul , give I you amex card . good boy . Bateman slap the card down , look at the check . bateman two-hundred - and-fifty . very reasonable . let 's leave a big tip , shall we ? my place hr a nightcap ? owen no , man . I be gonna bail . bateman come on , you dumb son of a bitch . ( helping he into he jacket ) I have get a preview of the barney catalogue and a bottle of absolut wait for we . int . bateman' apartment - night the live room floor have be meticulously cover with newspaper . Owen be slump drunkenly in a white eame chair , a glass in he hand . Bateman be look through he CD . bateman you like huey Lewis and the News ? owen they be okay . bateman they early work be a little too New Wave for my taste . but then Sports come out in 1983 , I think they really come into they own , commercially and artistically . Bateman walk to he bathroom , take a large ax out of the shower . he take two valium . bateman ( Said partly from the bathroom ) the whole album have a clear , crisp sound and a new sheen of consummate professionalism that give the song a big boost . Bateman come back out and lean the ax against the wall . he walk to the foyer and put on a raincoat , watch Owen from behind ail the time . bateman he 's be compare to elvis costello but I think huey have a more bitter , cynical sense of humor . Owen be absent - mindedly leaf through the barney catalogue . owen hey , halberstam ? bateman yes , Owen ? owen why be there copy of the style section all over the place ? do you have a dog ? a chow or something ? bateman no , Owen . owen ( confused ) be that a raincoat ? bateman yes , it be . Bateman move to the CD player . he take a CD out of its case and slide it in the machine . bateman in 1987 huey release this , fore ! , they most accomplish album . I think I heir undisputed masterpiece be " hip to be Square , " a song so catchy that most people probably do not listen to the lyric . but they should because it 's not just about the pleasure of conformity and the importance of trend . it 's al~ a personal statement about the band itself . Bateman put on " hip to be Square . " bateman cross the room and pick up the ax . we follow bateman from behind as he walk up to Owen , the ax raise over he head . bateman hey , Paul ? as Owen turn around , from owen' Pov we see Bateman swing the ax toward he face . blood spray onto the white raincoat . from behind owen , we see bateman as he yank the ax out . Owen drop to the floor . his body fall out of the frame . we stay on he leg twitching mechanically . blood pulse onto the newspaper - cover floor . bateman ( raising the ax and scream ) try get a reservation at dorsia now , you fuck stupid bastard ! low angle on bateman as he beat Owen with the back of the ax . offscreen , the sound of the ax hit Owen . bateman ( pant ) Fucking bastard ... Bateman take he raincoat off , still panting . he fold the coat carefully in half , bloody side in , and drape it neatly over the back of a chair . he sit back on the white sofa and survey the scene . he check he rolex and light a cigar . offscreen , Paul Owen 's last faint sigh be hear . int . lobby - night bateman drag a large , blood -soak sleep bag through the lobby , past the bored doorman , who look up from the Post for a moment . ext . STREET - night bateman be try to hail a cab . Owen 's body be at he foot . Luis carruther and a japanese girl walk up to he . carruther Patrick ? be that you ? bateman no , Luis . it 's not I . you be mistaken . carruther this be gwendolyn ichiban . this be my very good friend Patrick Bateman . where be you go ? we be go to nell 's . gwendolyn 's father 's buy it . ( look down at the body ) where do you get you overnight bag ? bateman comme des garcon . a cab stop . bateman open the door and manage to get Owen 's body into the backseat . Bateman get into the cab . carruther call I please , Patrick . bateman Jesus life , Luis . int . bateman' hell kitchen apartment - night a bare room , light by one light bulb . the wall be blank except for a Les miserables poster . there be one ratty chair . Bateman pour lime over Paul Owen 's body , which be lie in a bathtub . he play huey Lewis , smoke a cigar , watch the body dissolve . int . paul owen' apartment - night Bateman be let himself into the apartment . it be very similar to Bateman 's , but even more minimalist . the wall be white - pigment concrete with a large minimalist painting on the wall . one wall be cover in a trendy , large - scale scientific draw above a long , black leather couch . bateman where to send the bastard ? Dallas ? pan ? he throw some clothes into a suitcase , randomly grab toiletry and shove they in . bateman Singapore ? London . I will send the asshole to London . he put some music on to help muffle he voice , then lean over the answer machine . he do a passable imitation of Owen 's speech . bateman hi , this be Paul . I have be call away to London for a few day . meredith , I will call you when I get back . hasta la vista , baby . int . bateman' office - morning Bateman be sit at he desk , with the latest copy of Sports illustrate in front of he and he walkman play Kenny G . we hear the music until Jean enter and he take the walkman off . bateman ( faintly irritable ) what be it ? jean Patrick ? bateman ( condescendingly ) ye -es , je-an ? jean Patrick , a Mr. Donald kimball be here to see you . bateman who ? jean detective Donald kimball ? silence . Bateman stare out the window , then down at the draw of a headless woman he 's be doodling on the back cover of Sports illustrate . bateman tell he I be at lunch . jean ( whisper ) Patrick , I think he know you be here . it 's only ten-thirty . silence . bateman send he in , I guess . as she exit , he pick up the cordless phone and pretend to talk to someone at the other end . bateman now , John , you have get to wear clothes in proportion to you physique . there be definite do 's and do not , good buddy , of wear a bold -stripe shirt . a hold -stripe shirt call for solid - color or discreetly pattern suit and tie ... the door to the office open and he wave in detective donald kimball . kimball be surprisingly young - about Bateman 's age - and good-look , dress in a crumpled linen armani suit of the type Bateman and he friend might wear . kimball sit down and cross he leg with a self - assurance that make Bateman so nervous he forget to carry on with he fake conversation . kimball look up at he curiously , notice the silence . bateman ( realizing that kimball be stare at he ) right . and yes ... always tip the stylist fifteen percent . Bateman shrug at the detective , roll he eye in exasperation . kimball nod understandingly . bateman listen , John , I have get to go . T boone picken just walk in ... ( he laugh inanely ) just joke ... ( pause ) no do not tip the owner of the salon . okay , John , right , get it . ( he hang up the phone and push the antenna in ) sorry about that . kimball no , I be sorry . I should have make a appointment . ( gesture toward the phone ) be that anything important ? bateman oh that ? just mull over business problem . examine opportunity ... exchange rumor ... spread gossip . they laugh politely . kimball ( holding out he hand ) hi. I be Donald kimball bateman ( shake firmly ) hi. Pat Bateman . Nice to meet you . kimball I be sorry to barge in on you like this . but I be suppose to talk to Luis carruther and he be not in and ... well , you be here , so ... I know how busy you guy can get . kimball stare at the three open copy of Sports illustrate and the Sony walkman lie on Bateman 's desk . Bateman see the look and sweep the magazine into the top drawer along with the walkman , which be still run . bateman ( force himself to sound friendly and relaxed ) so , what 's the topic of discussion ? kimball I have be hire by meredith Powell to investigate the disappearance of Paul Owen . bateman you be not with the FBI or anything , be you ? kimball nothing like that . I be just a private investigator . bateman ah , I see ... yes. Paul 's disappearance ... yes . kimball so it 's nothing that official . I just have some basic question . about Paul Owen . about yourself - bateman coffee ? kimball no. I be okay . bateman perrier ? San pellegrino ? kimball no , I be okay . kimball take out a small black notepad and the same gold Cross pen that Bateman and he friend all use . Bateman buzze Jean . jean ( o.s. ) Patrick ? bateman can you bring mr... kimball kimball . bateman Mr. kimball a bottle of San pelle - kimball oh no , I be okay . bateman it 's no problem Bateman watch intently as kimball write something down in he notebook , then cross something out . Jean enter and place the bottle of San pellegrino and a steuben etched glass on the table , shoot a concerned glance at Bateman . he glare at she . kimball smile and nod at Jean as she leave . bateman well , what 's the topic of discussion ? kimball the disappearance of Paul Owen . bateman oh right . well , I have not hear anything about the disappearance or anything ... ( try to laugh ) not on " page six " at least . kimball I think he family want this keep quiet . bateman understandable . ( stare at the untouched bottle of San pellegrino ) lime ? kimball no , really . I be okay . bateman you sure ? I can always get you a lime . a pause . kimball just some preliminary question that I need for my own file , okay ? bateman shoot . kimball how old be you ? bateman twenty -six . I will be twenty - seven in October . kimball ( scribble in he notebook ) where do you go to school ? bateman Harvard . the Harvard Business School . kimball you address ? bateman fifty-five West eighty - first Street . the american garden Building . kimball ( look up , impressed ) Nice . very nice . bateman ( flatter ) thanks . a pause as kimball study he notebook . Bateman close he eye , as if in pain . kimball pardon I , but be you okay ? bateman who do you ask ? kimball you seem ... nervous . Bateman reach into he desk drawer and bring out a bottle of aspirin . bateman nuprin ? kimball uh...no , thanks . kimball take out a pack of marlboro 's and lay it on the desk . bateman bad habit . kimball I know . I be sorry . a pause , as Bateman stare at the cigarettes . kimball would you rather I not smoke ? bateman no , I guess it 's okay . kimball you sure ? bateman no problem . ( buzz Jean ) jean ( o.s. ) yes , Patrick ? bateman bring we a ashtray for Mr. kimball , please . she whisk in with a crystal ashtray as they sit in silence . kimball what can you tell I about Paul Owen ? bateman well ... he cough , shake two nuprin into he hand and swallow they dry . kimball how well do you know he ? bateman I be ... at a loss . he be part of that whole ... Yale thing , you know . kimball Yale thing ? a pause . bateman yeah ... Yale thing . kimball what do you mean ... Yale thing ? a pause . bateman well , I think for one that he be probably a closet homosexual . who do a lot of cocaine ... that Yale thing . a silence during which the sound of the air conditioner become deafen . kimball so ... there 's nothing you can tell I about Paul Owen ? bateman he lead what I suppose be a orderly life . he ... eat a balanced diet . kimball what kind of man be he ? besides ... ( he hesitates try to smile ) the information you have just give . bateman I hope I be not be cross -examine here . kimball do you feel that way ? bateman no . not really . kimball ( as he write without look up ) where do Paul hang out ? bateman hang...out ? kimball yeah . you know ... hang out . bateman let I think . the Newport . Harry 's . fluty . endochine . nell 's . comell Club . the New York yacht Club . the regular place . kimball he have a yacht ? bateman no , he just hang out there . kimball and where do he go to school ? a slight pause . bateman do not you know this ? kimball I just want to know if you know . bateman before Yale ? if I remember correctly , Saint Paul 's ... listen , I just ... I just want to help . kimball I understand . he make another note . kimball anything else you can tell I about Owen ? bateman we be both seven in 1969 . kimball ( smile ) so be I . bateman do you have any witness or fingerprint ? kimball well , there 's a message on he answer machine say he go to London . bateman well , maybe he do , huh ? kimball his girlfriend do not think so . bateman but ...has anyone see he in London ? kimball actually , yes . bateman hmmm . kimball well , I have have a hard time get a actual verification . a Stephen Hughes say he see he at a restaurant there , but I check it out and what happen be , he mistake a hubert ainsworth for Paul , so ... bateman oh . kimball be he involved at all , do you think , in occultism or Satan worship ? bateman what ? kimball I know it sound like a lame question , but in New Jersey I know this sound like a lame question , but last month - I do not know if you have hear about this , but a young stockbroker be recently arrest and charge with murdering a young chicano girl and perform voodoo ritual with various body part - bateman yikes ! no. Paul be not into that . he follow a balanced diet and - kimball yeah , I know , and be into that whole Yale thing . a pause - the longest so far . bateman have you consult a psychic ? kimball no . bateman have he apartment be burglarize ? kimball no , it actually have not . toiletries be miss . a suit be go . so be some luggage . that 's it . bateman I mean no one 's deal with the homicide squad yet or anything , right ? kimball no , not yet . as I say , we be not sure . but ... basically no one have see or hear anything . bateman that 's so typical , be not it ? kimball it 's just strange . ( he stare out the window , lose in think ) one day someone 's walk around , go to work , alive , and then ... bateman nothing . kimball people just ... disappear . bateman the earth just open up and swallow people . ( he check he rolex ) kimball eerie . really eerie . silence . bateman ( stand up ) you will have to excuse I . I have a lunch meeting with cliff huxtable at four season in twenty minute . kimball be not the four season a little far uptown ? I mean be not you go to be late ? bateman uh , no . there 's one ... down here . kimball oh really ? I do not know that . Bateman lead he to the door . bateman yes . it 's very good . kimball turn to face he . kimball listen , if anything occur to you , any information at all ... bateman absolutely , I be 100 % with you . kimball great , and thanks for you , uh , time , Mr. Bateman . Bateman close the door firmly on kimball . he close he eye and lean against the door , sweat . int . bateman' apartment - afternoon a perfectly light kitchen still - life - a bottle of evian , a white porcelain plate on which sit a slice kiwi , some perfect green grape , a few berry . offscreen , the SOUND of scream and a chainsaw can be hear from the live room . the live room : Bateman be maniacally do abdominal crunch as the television play a video of Texas chainsaw massacre . there be a pile of horror video on he coffee table , next to a copy of gq . later : Bateman be sit in he armchair , phone book in hand , jerk off . he be squealing into the phone and breathe . bateman you like that , slut ? the person on the other end clearly hang up . close - up on he finger dial the phone . bateman you want to know what I be wear ? sixty -dollar boxer short by Ralph lauren , a hundred - and -fifty - dollar white cotton T-shirt by comme des garcon . ( he snort like a pig ) my rolex cost - another hang -up . he dial again . bateman ( whiper ) I be a corporate raider . I orchestrate hostile takeover . what do you think of that ? ( make disgusting suck noise and grunt ) huh , bitch ? girl ( o.s. ) dad , be that you ? Bateman hang up , frustrated . ext . STREET / int . limousine - night Bateman cruise around in the limo . it pull up alongside christie , a pretty blonde hooker in short and leather jacket . Bateman open he window to speak to she . bateman I have not see you around here . christie you just have not be look . bateman would you like to see my apartment ? Bateman flip on the light inside the limo . he 's wear a tuxedo . christie ( look away to some dark corner ) I be not suppose to . Bateman be hold out a $ 100 bill , which Christie now notice , then take . bateman do you want to come to my apartment or not ? christie I be not suppose to . ( she pocket the bill ) but I can make a exception . bateman do you take american Express ? Christie be still look out behind she . bateman do you take american Express ? Christie look at he like he 's crazy . bateman I be joke . come on , get in . as they drive uptown , Bateman dial the cell - phone . he read off a credit card number . bateman I would like a girl , early twenty , blonde , who do couple . couple . fifty -five West eighty - first , the american garden Building . apartment 7c . and I really can not stress blonde enough . blonde . he hang up . bateman I be Paul . my name be Paul 0wen , have you ' get that ? you be Christie . you be to respond only to Christie . be that clear ? int . bateman' apartment - night Christie be in the bathtub , Bateman be pour in white milky bath oil . bateman that 's a very fine chardonnay you be drink . Long pause , in which Christie be luxuriate in the tub and Bateman be casually touch she breast . bateman I want you to clean you vagina . Christie reach for a washcloth . bateman no. from behind . get on you knee . Christie shrug . bateman I want to watch . you have a very nice body . the doorman ring . Bateman answer . bateman thank you . send she up . Christie , get out and dry off , choose a robe - not the bijan and come and meet I and we guest in the live room for drink . Bateman answer the door . bateman you have arrive ! how lovely , let I take you coat . I be Paul . how good of you to come . the escort girl look somewhat bewilder . Bateman take she coat and inspect she body and face . bateman not quite blonde , be you ? more dirty blonde . I be go to call you sabrina . I be Paul Owen . Bateman escort she into the live room and bring she a glass of wine . Christie enter , sit next to sabrina on the couch , and Bateman sit across from they . there be a long silence . bateman so , do not you want to know what I do ? the two girl look at each other with uncomfortable smile . Christie shrug . christie no . sabrina ( smiling ) no , not really . Bateman be visibly irritate , recross he leg . bateman well , I work on Wall Street . at pierce &amp ; pierce . ( Long pause ) have you hear of it ? another long pause . they shake they head . Christie stand up and go over to the CD collection . christie you have a really nice place here ... Paul . how much do you pay for it ? bateman actually , that 's none of you business , Christie , hut I can assure you it certainly be not cheap . Bateman leave to refill he wine glass and sabrina take a pack of cigarettes out of she purse . Bateman return , carry a tray of chocolate . bateman no , no smoking . not in here . he walk over to Christie . bateman varda truffle ? Christie stare at the plate and shake she head . sabrina take one . bateman I do not want you to get drunk , but that 's a very fine chardonnay you be not drink . Bateman go over to he CD and scan he vast collection . he take one out and examine it . bateman do you like phil Collins ? I have be a big Genesis fan ever since the release of they 1980 album , Duke . before that I really do not understand any of they work . it be too artsy , too intellectual . it be on Duke where phil Collins ' presence become more apparent . he put aside the CD and take out another one . bateman I think " invisible touch " be the group 's undisputed masterpiece . he put on the song and gesture for they to follow he into the bedroom . bateman it 's a epic meditation on intangibility , at the same time it deepen and enriches the meaning of the precede three album . Christie , take off the robe . Bateman put out a lace teddy . he motion to Christie to put it on . bateman listen to the brilliant ensemble play of bank , Collins and rutherford . you can practically hear every nuance of every instrument . sabrina , remove you dress . Bateman start to undress . bateman in term of lyrical craftsmanship and sheer songwrite , this album hit a new peak of professionalism . sabrina , why do not you dance a little ? sabrina dance awkwardly . Christie sit on the bed . bateman take the lyric to " land of confusion . " in this song , phil Collins address the problem of abusive political authority . Bateman knot a silk scarf around Christie 's neck - rather menacingly - then help she into some suede glove . bateman " in too deep " be the most move pop song of the 1980 about monogamy and commitment . the song be extremely uplift . they lyric be as positive and affirmative as anything I have hear in rock . he turn on the video camera . bateman Christie , get down on you knee , so sabrina can see you asshole . Bateman look through the viewfinder . bateman phill Collins solo effort seem to be more commercial and therefore more satisfy in a narrower way , especially song like " in the Air tonight " and " against all odd . " sabrina , do not just stare at it . eat it . he walk over to the sound system in he bedroom and slide in the CD . bateman but I also think that phill Collins work better within the confines of the group than as a solo artist - and I stress the word artist . this be " sussudio , " a great , great song , a personal favorite . sex montage CUT to " sussudio . " we see this in wide shot , or through the lens of the video camera . CUT to : Bateman asleep in he bed with Christie and sabrina on either side of he . sabrina accidentally touch he wrist . Bateman 's eye open . bateman do not touch the rolex . Bateman get up from he bed and go over to he armoire . he open the drawer in which be a nail gun , a coat hanger , a rusty butter knife and a half - smoke cigar . he turn around to see Christie and sabrina both start to get up and get dress . he take the coat hanger . bateman we be not through yet ... CUT to : Bateman ushere they out the door impatiently . they be both sobbing , badly bruise and bleed . Bateman have a deep scratch on he hand and one on he shoulder . in the b.g. phil Collins ' " in the Air tonight " be play . int . yale club '' day McDermott , Van patten and Bateman be have drink . price walk by with a gorgeous girl and give they the finger . bateman what a asshole . mcdermott why be Laurie Kennedy dating price ? he 's a fuck drug addict . no self - control . van patten but Laurie Kennedy be a total hardbody . what do you think , Bateman ? bateman I know she . I know she . mcdermott why do you say it like that ? why do he say it like that ? van patten because he date she . bateman how do you guess ? van patten Girls dig Bateman . he 's cq . you be total cq , Bateman . bateman thanks , guy , but ... she 's get a lousy personality . mcdermott so what ? it 's all look . Laurie Kennedy be a babe . do not even pretend you be interested for any other reason . van patten if they have a good personality , then something be very wrong . mcdermott if they have a good personality and they be not great look - who fuck care ? bateman well , let 's just say hypothetically , okay ? what if they have a good personality ? ( he smile give up ) I know , I know - all in unison there be no girl with good personality ! ( they laugh and high - five each other ) van patten a good personality consist of a chick with a little hardbody who will satisfy all sexual demand without be too slutty about thing and who will essentially keep she dumb fuck mouth shut . mcdermott listen , the only girl with good personality who be smart or maybe funny or halfway intelligent or even talented - though God know what the fuck that mean - be ugly chick . van patten absolutely . mcdermott and this be because they have to make up for how fuck unattractive they be . pause . bateman do you know what Ed gein say about woman ? van patten Ed gein ? maitre d' at Canal bar ? bateman no , serial killer , Wisconsin in the fifty . he be a interesting guy . mcdermott so what do Ed say ? bateman he say , " when I see a pretty girl walk down the street I think two thing . one part of I want to take she out and talk to she and be real nice and sweet and treat she right . " pause , finish he drink . mcdermott what do the other part of he think ? bateman what she head would look like on a stick . McDermott and Van patten look at each other and then back at Bateman . Bateman start to laugh , and the other two uneasily join in . Luis carruther walk up to the table . carruther ( shyly ) hi , guy . I wanna get you opinion on something . McDermott roll he eye at the rest of the table . mcdermott if it 's about the bow - tie you be wear , you know how we feel about it . Luis laugh good - naturedly . carruther yes , I do . no , it 's my business card - I decide to get a new one too . he pull out something incredibly tasteful . everyone compliment Luis except Bateman . the SOUND drop and all we hear be the beat of he heart as he stare at the card enviously . Luis pluck it from he hand and walk away , pleased with himself . van patten listen , what about dinner ? bateman ( suddenly angry ) be that all you ever have to contribute , Van patten ? " what about fuck dinner ? " mcdermott ah , cheer up , Bateman . ( slap he on the back , massage he neck ) what 's the matter ? no shiatsu this morning ? bateman ( watch Luis go into the man 's room ) keep touch I like that and you will draw back a stump . mcdermott whoa , hold on there , little buddy . bateman Excuse I . he get up from the table . as Bateman walk away , Van patten grab a waiter . van patten be this tap water ? I do not drink tap water bring I a evian or something , okay ? int . men' room - day Bateman pull on he glove as he enter the men' room . carruther be stand in a stall with he back to Bateman . the sound of he urinate be hear until Bateman approach , then abruptly stop . slowly , Bateman bring he hand up over the collar of carruther ' cashmere jacket , circle he neck until both thumb and index finger meet . all we can hear be the sound of Bateman 's heavy breathe . slowly he start to squeeze . almost in slow motion , carruther turn around . carruther look down at Bateman 's wrist as if lose in think . then he lower he head and kiss Bateman 's wrist . he look back at Bateman with a shy , love-struck expression , then reach up and tenderly touch the side of he face . carruther God , Patrick . why here ? he stroke Bateman 's hair . carruther I have see you look at I . I have notice you hot body . carruther try to kiss he on the lip but Bateman back away . he drop he hand from carruther ' neck . carruther immediately take they and place they back . Bateman drop they again . carruther do not be shy . Bateman take a deep breath , close he eye and try to lift he hand again , but abandon the attempt . carruther you do not know how long I have want it . ever since that Christmas party at Arizona 206 . you know the one , you be wear that red-stripe paisley armani tie . Bateman look down and see that carruther ' pants be still unzip . he move past he out of the stall and stand by the sink and pretend to wash he hand until he realize he still have he glove on . carruther come up behind he . carruther I want you . I want you ...too . Bateman storm out of the men' room , bump into a waiter and several customer and cursing . notice the maitre d' and another waiter confer and look at he strangely , Bateman straighten up and smile and wave cheerfully at they . carruther walk up behind he . bateman ( hiss ) what ...is ...it? carruther where be you go ? bateman ( stumble away from he ) I have gotta ... I have gotta ... return some videotape . carruther Patrick ? bateman what ? carruther ( silently mouth the word ) I will call you . Bateman storm out of the restaurant . int . courtney' apartment - night Bateman be lie on top of Courtney in she bed , after sex . still panting , he roll off she , onto he back . he feel something lumpy underneath he and pull out a stuff toy , a black cat with blue jewel eye . there be silence . courtney will you call I before Thanksgiving ? bateman maybe . Courtney sigh and reach for a bottle of pill on she nightstand , swallow several . Bateman get up and begin to dress , admire himself in the mirror . Courtney watch the tv at low volume . courtney what be you do tonight ? bateman dinner at the River Cafe . au bar afterwards , maybe . courtney that 's nice . bateman you and ... Luis ? courtney ( lighting a cigarette ) we be suppose to have dinner at tad and maura 's , but - you know how Luis be ... bateman I never know you smoke . courtney ( smiling sadly ) you never notice . Bateman be make final adjustment to he tie . courtney listen ... Patrick . can we talk ? bateman you look marvelous . there 's nothing to say . you be go to marry Luis . next week , no less . courtney ( sarcastically ) be not that special ? ( a pause ) Patrick ? bateman yes , Courtney ? c0 urtney if I do not see you before Thanksgiving , have a nice one , okay ? bateman ( flatly ) you too . Courtney pick up the black cat and start petting its head . Bateman head down the hallway to the front door . courtney Patrick ? bateman yes ? courtney nothing . int . nightclub - night a big eighty nightclub with a mix crowd : hip - hop kid , visitor from Jersey , downtown art people , yuppy . I Bateman make he way through the crowd to the bar , and try to attract the bartender 's attention . he be wear a suit and he tie be loosen . kimball approach he . kimball Mr. Bateman ? Bateman gasp and recover . bateman detective kendall ...uh Campbell ? kimball kimball . ( extend he hand ) call I Don . bateman don. kimball so ... you hang out here a lot ? bateman uh , yes ... I mean ... whenever necessary . you know . pause . bateman how 's the investigation go ? taken anyone in for " formal question ? " ( he make quotation mark in the air and laugh a not - so-relax laugh ) kimball 0h no . informal conversation , mostly . what 's that , stoli ? bateman yeah . no finlandia , as usual . Fucking dump . kimball ( look at he glass ) too true . you know , Bateman - people tend to reveal so much more about themselves when they be in a relaxed set , do not you think ? Bateman be nodd nervously , idiotically . kimball some people just can t help themselves . another stoli ? Bateman shake he head . kimball I mean they want to get catch . bateman Dan , great to see you again . like I say , you need anything at all , I be you man . I do not envy you job . I mean Owen be a... complex man . Bateman wander away . he look back uneasily at kimball , who be watch he from the bar . a guy with dreadlock walk by . bateman ( holding up he hand to high - five ) rasta man ! the man stare at he . bateman I mean - mon . we be jammin' ... the man walk by , shaking he head . Bateman wander into the next room , which be fill with a more familiar crowd : young man in designer suit , girl in black designer dress . across the room he spot McDermott and price sit with three model , all wear black mini-dress . price and McDermott be have a whisper argument . price I have to talk to this girl ? they be model . mcdermott someone have to get the bolivian march powder . you go last time . stay here . McDermott wave gaily to the girl and disappear . Bateman look at the model . daisy and caron be stare into space , smoking . libby be try to work out how to unfold she napkin . price signal to Bateman for help . price ( clap he hand together ) let 's have a conversation . so ... it be hot out today , no ? silence . libby where do Craig go ? price well , Gorbachev be downstairs . McDermott be go to sign a peace treaty with he between the United States and Russia . McDermott 's the one behind glasnost , you know . libby well ... yeah . but he tell I he be in merger and acquisition . price you be not confuse , be you ? libby no , not really . caron Gorbachev 's not downstairs . daisy ( smiling ) be you iying ? price yes , Caron 's right . Gorbachev 's not downstairs . he 's at tunnel . bateman ( to Daisy ) ask I a question . daisy so , what do you do ? bateman what do you think I do ? daisy a model ? a actor ? bateman no. flatter , but no . daisy well ... bateman I m into , well , murder and execution mostly . daisy ( unfaze ) do you like it ? bateman welt ... it depend , why ? daisy well , most guy I know who work in merger and acquisition do not really like it . silence . bateman so , where do you work out ? much later in the evening : the club be half - empty now . price be lean over a balcony , mess - up on drug . Bateman come up behind he in a menace way that suggest he might push he over the railing . price turn around , wild - eye , just as Bateman be reach for he . price ( shout ) I be leave . I be get out . bateman leave what ? price this . Bateman be confuse , he think price be refer to he drink . bateman do not , I will drink it . price ( scream ) listen to I , Patrick . I be leave . bateman where to ? be you go to go get a gram ? price I be leave ! i...am ... leave ! bateman do not tell I ... merchant banking ? price no , you dumb son of a bitch . I be serious . I be disappear . bateman ( laugh ) where to ? Morgan stanley ? rehab ? what ? price look away . McDermott and Daisy walk up to they . mcdermott hey - do not worry , be happy . price lift he arm up as if greeting the crowd and be shouting something that can not be hear , then price Goodbye ! fuckhead ! he climb over the railing . daisy what be he do ? bateman price ! come back ! price leap from the balcony . he disappear for a moment then resurface and run off into the crowd . ext . club - night Bateman and Daisy be wait for a cab . daisy my ex-boyfriend , fiddler , who be in there , he play in this band that just open for U2 - he could not understand what I be do with a yuppie . bateman oh really ? daisy he say ... ( she laugh ) he say you give he bad vibe . bateman that 's ... that 's too bad . daisy you think I be dumb , do not you ? bateman what ? daisy you think I be dumb . you think all model be dumb . bateman ( insincerely ) no. I really do not . daisy that 's okay . I do not mind . there 's something sweet about you . she take he hand as they get into a cab . int . daisy hallway - later that night Bateman leave Daisy 's apartment carry a suitcase . he pause in the hallway and tuck some long blonde hair back inside the case . int . bateman' office - late afternoon Bateman sit at he desk wear Wayfarer do the New York Times crossword puzzle at dusk . Jean knock gently on the half - open door and walk in with a folder in she hand . Bateman ignore she . jean doin ' the crossword ? Bateman nod without look up . jean need help ? bateman do not respond . we see that every space on the puzzle have be fill in with the word meat or bone . Jean drop the folder on he desk and then walk out . bateman Jean ? jean ( re-enter office ) yes , Patrick ? bateman would you like to accompany I to dinner ? he erase one of the m 's on the crossword puzzle . bateman that be ... if you be not do anything . jean oh no . I have no plan . bateman ( lower he Wayfarer ) well , be not this a coincidence . a pause . bateman listen , where should we go ? he lean back and pull a Zagat 's from the desk drawer . jean anywhere you want ? bateman let 's not think about what I want . how about anywhere you want . jean oh Patrick , I can not make this decision . bateman no , come on . anywhere you want . jean oh , I can not . ( sigh ) I do not know . bateman come on . where do you want to go ? anywhere you want . just say it . I can get we in anywhere . a long pause . jean what about ... dorsia ? Bateman stop look through the Zagat 's guide and smile at she . bateman soooo ... dorsia be where Jean want to go ... jean oh , I do not know . no , we will go anywhere you want . bateman dorsia be ... fine . he dial the number . maitre d' dorsia , yes ? bateman yes , can you take two tonight , oh , let 's say at nine o'clock ? he check he rolex and wink at Jean . maitre d' we be totally book . bateman oh really ? that 's great . maitre d' I say we be totally book . bateman two at nine ? perfect . maitre d' there be no table available tonight . the wait list be also totally book . bateman see you then . he hang up the phone . he walk over to the coat rack . he glance over at Jean , who be still stand in front of the desk , confuse . bateman yes ? you be dress ... okay . jean you do not give they a name . bateman they know I . pause . bateman why do not you meet I at my house at seven o'clock for drink , okay ? she turn to leave . bateman and Jean ? you will want to change before we go out . int . bateman' apartment - early evening Jean stand by the floor - to- ceiling window , look out . jean Patrick , it 's so ... elegant . what a wonderful view . Bateman open up the freezer where Daisy 's head be cleady visible . bateman Jean ? sorbet ? jean thanks , Patrick . I would love some . Bateman walk in with a bottle of wine and a corkscrew in he hand and hand she the sorbet . Jean be eat the sorbet . jean want a bite ? bateman I be on a diet . but thank you . jean you do not need to lose any weight . you be kid , right ? you look great . very fit . bateman ( weigh the corkscrew examine the point for sharpness ) you can always he thin . look ... better . jean well , maybe we should not go out to dinner . I do not want to ruin you willpower . bateman no . it 's all right . I be not very good at control it anyway . silence , as Bateman walk around he apartment , open up he knife drawer , look at the knife . bateman so listen , what do you really want to do with you life ? pause . bateman and do not tell I you enjoy work with child , okay ? jean well , I would like to travel . and maybe go back to school , but I really do not know ... I be at a point in my life where there seem lo be a lot of possibility , but I be so ... I do not know ... unsure . Bateman be touch a knife in the drawer , feel the edge of the blade . bateman do you have a boyfriend ? jean no , not really . bateman interesting . jean ( shyly ) be you see anyone ? I mean , seriously ? bateman maybe . I do not know not really . Bateman open up a cupboard where there be a lot of very Bateman open a cupboard where there be a lot of neatly order weapon - a ax , a rifle , a chain see , duct tape , twine and a nail gun . bateman Jean , do you feel ... fulfil ? I mean , in you life ? jean well , I guess I do . for a long time I be too focus on my work , I think , but now I have really begin to think about change myself , you know , develop , and ... grow . bateman grow . I be glad you say that . Bateman pick up the duct tape . bateman do you know that Ted Bundy 's first dog , a collie , be name lassie ? have you hear this ? jean who 's Ted Bundy ? bateman forget it . jean what 's that ? bateman oh . uh , tape . Duct tape . i...need it for ... taping something . Bateman go back to the cupboard for the nail gun . jean Patrick , have you ever want to make someone happy ? Jean put she spoon down on the table . bateman ( look up from load nail into the gun ) what ... no ! put it in the carton . jean sorry . ( she put the spoon in the carton ) bateman Jean ? what ? jean make someone happy -have you ever want to ? from behind , we follow Bateman as he walk across the room and stand behind the couch . bateman I be look for ... I guess you could say I just want to have a meaningful relationship with someone special . jean hmmmm . he point the nail gun at the back of Jean 's head . the phone ring . startle , Bateman hide the nail gun behind he back . the answer machine pick up . as Bateman listen he discreetly place the nail gun behind the couch . he sit down opposite Jean , enjoy she discomfort as she listen to the message . evelyn Patrick I know you be there . pick up the phone , you bad boy . what be you up to tonight ? it 's I . do not try to hide . I hope you be not out with some little number you pick up because you be my Mr. Bateman . my boy next door . anyway you never call I and you say you would and I will leave a message for Jean about this too to remind you but we be have dinner with melania and Taylor - you know melania , she go to sweet briar , auld Taylor , he go to Cornell - and we be meeting at the Cornell Club , so l'll call you tomorrow morning probably - bye , honey - oopp ! you hate that . bye Mr. Big time ceo Patrick . bye . bye . silence . Jean be obviously embarrassed and upset . jean be that ... Evelyn ? silence . jean be you still see she ? silence . jean I be sorry , I have no right to ask that . silence . jean do you want I to go ? a long pause . bateman yes . I don t think I can ... control myself . jean I know I should go . I know I have a tendency to get involved with unavailable man , and ... I mean , do you want I to go ? another long pause . bateman if you stay , I think something bad will happen . I think I might hurt you . ( almost hopefully ) you do not want to get hurt , do you ? jean no . no , I guess not . I do not want to get bruise . you be right , I should go . she get up to leave . jean and do not forget you have a breakfast meeting with Frederick bennet and Charles rust at ' 21 . bateman thanks . it slip my mind completely . he sink back on the sofa and shut he eye . int . bateman' office - day Bateman enter p&amp ; p , walk up the corridor and pause outside the door to he office . he see kimball in conversation with Jean , and Jean look through she date book . he watch for a moment , freeze with anxiety . he then burst in , shutting the door behind he . bateman kimball - I have be want to talk with you , come into my office . Jean , great jacket . matsuda ? Jean look flustered . kimball follow Bateman into he office . kimball I actually come to see timothy price , but he 's take a leave of absence . bateman yeah , go into rehab . shame . ( hopefully ) be he a suspect ? kimball not really . a pause . kimball do you remember where you be on the night of Paul 's disappearance ? ( he check he notebook ) which be on the twentieth of December ? bateman God ... I guess ... I be probably return videotape . he open he desk drawer and pretend to search through he diary . bateman I have a date with a girl name Veronica . kimball wait . that 's not what I have get . bateman what ? kimball that 's not the information I have receive . bateman well ... i... wait ... what information have you receive ? kimball let 's see ... ( he flip through he notebook ) that you be with - bateman well , I could he wrong . kimball well ... when be the last time you be with Paul Owen ? bateman ( clearly nervous and under pressure ) we have ... go to a new musical call ... oh Africa , brave Africa . it be ... a laugh riot ... and that 's about it . I think we have dinner at orso 's . no , petaluma . no , orso 's . the ... last time I physically see he be ... at a automated teller . I can not remember which ... just one that be near , um , nell 's . kimball be clearly give up on Bateman for now . he open he briefcase to put away he notebook . kimball well , thank you , Mr. Bateman . bateman Patrick , please . I hope I have be informative . Long day - a bit scattered . kimball listen , I be a little spend for now but how about lunch in a week or so when I have sort out all this information ? bateman great , yes , I would like that . kimball and if you could try and pin down where you be the night of Owen 's disappearance , it would make my job a lot easier . bateman absolutely . I be with you on that one . kimball be rifling through he briefcase . he pull out a new shrink wrap CD and hold it up . kimball huey Lewis and the News . great stuff . Heard it ? I just buy it on my way here . Bateman stare at the CD - stunne , terrify . bateman never . I mean ... I do not really like ... singer . kimball not a big music fan , eh ? bateman no , I like music . just - they be - huey 's too ... black sounding . for I . kimball well , to each he own . so-lunch , Thursday ? I will call you secretary about reservation . bateman I will be there . ext . meat packing district / int . limousine - night the same street corner where Bateman find Christie before . the limo be keep idling as he talk to she through a half - open window . christie I be not so sure about this . I have to go to emergency after last time ... bateman oh this will not be anything like last time , I promise . christie I do not think so . he hand she a $ 500 bill . bateman just come in the limo and talk to I for a minute . the driver 's here , you will be safe . Christie get in hesitantly . bateman nothing like last time , promise . christie alright . he pour she a shot of vodka and make she drink it . bateman ( chatt as if they be at a cocktail party ) so , you be look great , how have you be ? christie ( a little confuse ) well , I actually might need a little surgery after last time . bateman ( mock shock ) really ? christie my friend tell I I should maybe even get a lawyer . bateman oh , lawyer be so complicated - do not do that . here . he write she a check for $ I ,000 to cash and hand it to she . she snatch the check out of he hand and get quickly out of the limo , walk hurriedly down the street . bateman bitch . he follow alongside she slowly in the limo , wave a huge wad of cash at she . she hesitates ; he use the money to lure she into the car . as she reluctantly get into the limo , she reach for the money . he snatch it away . bateman uh uh uh . half now , half later . she take the money and put it inside she shirt . bateman okay , you name be Christie . we be meeting a friend of mine , Elizabeth . she will be join we in my new apartment shortly . you will like she . she 's a very nice girl . do not say anything about yourself . be that clear . Christie ? Christie nod . int . paul owen' apartment - night the live room : elizabeth have kick off she shoe and flop down on the couch underneath the baselitz . Elizabeth be a attractive , dark - haire society girl who model occasionally . Christie be sit on the couch opposite she , pretend to examine a CD . elizabeth you look really familiar . do you you go to dalton ? Christie shake she head . the kitchen : Bateman be grind up tabs of ecstasy and put they in a bottle of wine . in the live room , Elizabeth be still stare at Christie as if she come from Mars . elizabeth I think I meet you at au bar , do not I ? with spicey ? Christie look blank . elizabeth well , maybe not with spicey but it be definitely at au bar . Christie still blank . elizabeth you know , au bar ? Christie shake she head . elizabeth anyway , au bar suck now , it 's terrible . I go to a birth day party there for malcolm forbe . oh my God , please . Bateman enter carry the bottle of wine and two glass . Christie , who seem frighten , sip she wine and stare at the floor . there be a awkward silence . christie this be nicer than you other apartment . bateman ( offended that she prefer Owen 's apartment ) it 's not that nice . silence . christie where do you two meet ? elizabeth oh God ! I meet he at , oh God , the kentucky derby in ' 86 - no , ' 87 , and ... ( turn to Patrick ) you be hang out with that bimbo allison poole . ( sarcastically ) hot number . bateman what do you mean , she be a hot number . elizabeth if you have a american Express card she would give you a blowjob . ( to Christie ) listen , this girl work in a tanning salon , need I say more ?... what do you do ? a long silence . Christie redden and stare at the floor . bateman she 's my ... cousin . elizabeth ( skeptically ) uh huh ? bateman she 's from ... France . a pause . Elizabeth look at Bateman dubiously . elizabeth where 's you phone ? I have get to call harley . Bateman hand she a cordless phone . she dial , and stare at Christie while she wait for someone to answer . elizabeth where do you summer ? southampton ? Christie look at Bateman and then back at Elizabeth . christie no . elizabeth ( listen to the receiver ) oh God , it 's he machine . bateman Elizabeth , it 's three in the morning . elizabeth he 's a goddamn drug dealer ! this be he peak hour . bateman do not tell he you be here . elizabeth why would I ? Bateman have pour she another glass of wine . she downs the whole glass , make a face . elizabeth this taste weird . ( she examine the label and shrug ) harley ? it 's I . I need you service . translate that anyway you would like . I be at - bateman ( whisper ) you be at Paul Owen s. elizabeth who ? bateman ( whisper ) Paul Owen . elizabeth I want the number , idiot . ( she wave he away and continue into the reciever ) anyway , I be at Paul norman 's and I will try you later and if I do not see you at Canal bar tomorrow night I be go to sic my hairdresser on you . she hang up . elizabeth do you know that guy who disappear ? do not he work at pierce &amp ; pierce , too ? be he a friend of yours ? bateman no . elizabeth do you have any coke ? or halcyon ? I would take a halcyon . Bateman sit next to Elizabeth on the couch and pour she another glass of the drugge wine . bateman listen , I would just like to see ... the two of you ... get it on . what 's wrong with that ? it 's totally disease - free . elizabeth ( laugh ) Patrick , you be a lunatic . bateman come on . do not you find Christie attractive ? elizabeth let 's not get lewd . ( flirty ) I be in no mood to have a lewd conversation . bateman come on . I think it would be a turn - on . elizabeth ( to Christie ) do he do this all the time ? Christie shrug . bateman Christie , you be not drink you wine . Christie look at she wine and gingerly take a sip . bateman ( to Elizabeth ) be you tell I you have never get it on with a girl ? elizabeth no ! I be not a lesbian . why do you think I would be into that ? bateman well , you go to Sarah lawrence for one thing . elizabeth that be Sarah lawrence guy , Patrick . you be make I feel weird . later : Elizabeth be now writhe around on the couch and make out with Christie . Bateman hold up a whitney Houston CD , show they the picture of whitney on the cover . bateman do you know that whitney Houston 's debut lp call simply whitney Houston have four number - one singles on it ? do you know that , Christie ? whitney 's voice leap across so many boundary and be so versatile - though she 's mainly a jazz singer - that it 's hard to take in the album on a first listen . elizabeth you actually listen to whitney Houston ? you actually have a whitney Houston CD ? more than one ? she giggle , roll off the sofa onto the floor . bateman ( ignoring she ) it 's hard to choose a favorite track among so many great one , but " the greatest Love of all " be one of the best , most powerful song ever write about self - preservation and dignity . it 's universal message cross all boundary , and instill one with the hope that it 's not too late to better ourselves . to act kinder . since , Elizabeth , it 's impossible in the world we live in to empathize with other , we can always empathize with ourselves . as he speak , he open the case and carefully place the CD in the player , admire its pristine silver surface , and watch it slide into the machine . bateman it 's a important message , crucial , really , and it 's beautifully state on the album . int . bedroom - later a out-of -focus home video shot of Elizabeth , Christie and Bateman in the throes of sex , in the master bedroom . CUT back to wide shot of the bedroom , partially block by the video camera in the foreground . they body be a incoherent tangle of arm and leg . the only sound be moan , heavy breathe and the slapping of flesh against flesh . close on Christie 's head and shoulder . her eye be shut as she grimly concentrate on give a good professional performance , turn she head every so often to check the progress of she partner . offscreen we hear Elizabeth panting in genuine pleasure , moan loudly . her voice get louder and louder and then shift to actual pain . Bateman rise up off the bed , suddenly appear behind Christie . there be blood on he face . Christie turn she head and see he . she scream and leap off the bed , run out of the room . she slam the mirrore door behind she , and as it swing shut for a split second we see Elizabeth writhe in pain on the bed . we follow Christie out of the room , panic , scream . Christie run down a darken hallway , frantically open door , look for a escape . she hear the SOUND of a chainsaw come from the bedroom . she open a closet . the closet light up as she open the door and see two dead , woman hang inside . she scream , then clap a hand over she mouth . she stop and listen . the distant SOUND of the chainsaw . she back away slowly , into another dark room , light only by the light from a television set . through the darkness she see a head on the top of the tv and start to whimper . she run toward the nearest door . find herself in the main hallway , she begin to jog toward the front door , then run . Bateman appear from nowhere , hold the chainsaw , spatter with blood . Christie scream and change direction . Bateman leap at she , bellow . they run through the bedroom and into the bathroom . Christie trip over Elizabeth 's body , which be half in the bathtub . both be slip on the floor , which be slick with blood . Christie fall , try to get up . Bateman grab she leg . he try to bite it . she kick he in the face and get up , run toward the front door . he run after she . bateman not the face , you bitch . not the fuck face , you piece of bitch trash ! Christie , scream , make it out the front door . Bateman run after she . she run down the hall scream and bang on door . she move to the elevator , pound hysterically on the button . she see the stairwell and run for it . Bateman see this and run after she , revving the chainsaw . she run down the stair , Bateman two flight behind she . he stop , lean over the railing to look at she , then aim the chainsaw at she and drop it . Christie scream offscreen , then be suddenly silent . from bateman' Pov we see Christie 's body sprawle facedown at the bottom of the stairwell . the chainsaw stick out of she back like a sword . int . crayon - early evening a insanely expensive restaurant with a childhood motif : paper tablecloth and jar of crayon for draw , lot of primary color , and a goldfish bowl on each table . Bateman be at a table with Evelyn . they be both draw on the tablecloth . Bateman be draw Christie with the chainsaw in she back . evelyn I want a firm commitment . bateman I think , Evelyn , that we have ... lose touch . Evelyn wave to a couple across the room . evelyn ( distract ) why ? what 's wrong ? bateman ( speak very carefully , measure each word ) my need to engage in homicidal behavior on a massive scale cannot be , um , correct , but I have no other way to fulfill my need . the woman across the room hold up she hand , display a new bracelet . Evelyn smile and nod approvingly . bateman we need to talk . evelyn talk about what , Patrick ? what be there to talk about ? bateman it 's over , Evelyn . it 's all over evelyn ( motion to the waiter for water ) touchy , touchy . I be sorry I bring the wedding up . let 's just avoid the issue , alright ? now , be we have coffee ? bateman I be fuck serious . it 's fuck over . us. this be no joke . I do not think we should see each other anymore . evelyn but you friend be my friend . my friend be you friend . I do not think it would work . ( reaching over to dab he face with a napkin ) you have a little something on you upper lip . bateman ( brush she hand away ) I know that you friend be my friend . I have think about that . you can have they . Evelyn stare at he , suspicious and bewilder , a realization dawn . evelyn you be really serious , be not you ? bateman yes , I be . evelyn but what about the past ? we past ? bateman we never really share one . evelyn you be inhuman . bateman I be ... in touch with humanity . Evelyn , I be sorry . ( he pause , as if search for the right word ) you be just not terribly important to I . Evelyn begin to cry . evelyn no , no , no . bateman I know my behavior be ... erratic sometimes . she reach desperately across the table and take he hand . Bateman pull he hand away . evelyn ( sob ) what do you want I to do , what be it you want ? the occupant of nearby table begin to stare . Bateman be become increasingly agitate and embarrassed . bateman ( look uncomfortably around the room ) if you really want to do something for I , you can stop make this scene right now . evelyn oh God , I can not believe this . bateman I be leave now . I have assess the situation and I be go . Evelyn make a effort to compose herself . she blot the tear so they will not affect she make -up . evelyn ( surprisingly calm ) where be you go ? bateman I be just leave . evelyn but where ? bateman I have to return some videotape . he rush out of the room . ext . tribeca STREET - evening Bateman wander into misty tribeca street , see a stray cat . bateman here kitty , kitty . the small mangy cat rub against he . he pick it up and walk toward a ATM , hold the cat . he put he card in the machine . the screen read : feed I a stray cat . Bateman begin to attempt to shove the kitten into the deposit slot with some difficulty . the kitten squeal . he take a gun from out of he pocket and point it at the kitten . he do not notice the woman wait behind he . woman oh my God ! stop that ! what be you do ? Bateman wheel around and shoot she . she fall scream to the floor . responding to the gunshot , a police car siren wail in the distance . Bateman break into a run . the police car screech after he . cop car ( o.s. ) halt stop . put down you weapon . Bateman duck down a alley . ext . alley - night a cop rush toward he , seemingly from out of nowhere , and tackle he , try to get the gun away from he . Bateman manage to shoot the cop in the face while both of they have they hand on the gun , then shoot he again . he reload the gun . the sound of more cop car arrive . he run out of the alley . ext . STREET - night as he reach the street , he find a phalanx of police car approach . cop car halt . put down you weapon . the cop leap out and fire a warning shot in the air . Bateman shoot at they . the police return fire . Bateman duck down behind a park car and continue shoot wildly . a bullet hit the gas tank of one of the police car . it catch fire and explode . the flame light up the scene , illuminate the body of policeman both live and dead . new angle : Bateman flee from the scene . the camera follow he as he run along a row of porsch , try to open each one , set off a cacophony of car alarm . the SOUND of police siren draw near . new angle : he run , panting , until he end up in front of a tail , brilliantly light office building . as he approach , the light in the building be go off floor by floor . int . office build - night he rush into the lobby , run for the elevator . night watchman Burning the midnight oil , Mr. Smith ? you forget to sign in . Bateman wheel around and shoot he . he run toward the revolve door . as he swing around in the door , he notice a janitor who have witness the shoot . he revolve back into the lobby and shoot the janitor . new angle : he run out of the building and across the street to a identical office building , the one that house pierce &amp ; pierce . int . pierce &amp ; pierce lobby - night Bateman nod at the pierce &amp ; pierce night watchman and sign in . he breathes a sigh of relief as the elevator door close behind he . int . bateman' office - night Bateman stand look out through the floor- length window at a panoramic night view of the city and the river . below he he see a swat team swarm over the roof of the opposite building . there be ambulance stand by , flare everywhere , distant siren . suddenly , the SOUND of a helicopter draw near . frightened , he drop to the floor behind he desk . helicopter searchlight scan the building , illuminate Bateman 's office for a few moment with a blaze of light . he be crouch in one corner , half - sobbing , talk into the phone , as the searchlight keep circle . bateman harold , it 's Bateman . Patrick Bateman . you be my lawyer so I think you should know - I have kill a lot of people . some escort girl , in a apartment uptown , some homeless people , maybe five or ten , a nyu girl I meet in Central Park . I leave she in a parking lot , near dunkin ' donut . I kill bethany , my old girlfriend , with a nail gun . and a man , some old faggot with a dog . last week I kill another girl with a chainsaw - I have to , she almost get away there be someone else there , maybe a model , I can not remember but she 's dead too . and Paul Owen . I kill Paul Owen with a ax , in the face . his body be dissolve in a bathtub in Hell 's Kitchen . I do not want to leave anything out here ... I guess I have kill 20 people , maybe 40 - I have tape of a lot of it . some of the girl have see the tape , I even ... well , I eat some of they brain and I try to cook a little . tonight I just , well , I have to kill a lot of people and I be not sure I be go to get away with it this time - I mean I guess I be a pretty sick guy . so - if you get hack tomorrow , I may show up at Harry 's bar , so , you know , keep you eye open . Bateman hang up the phone . the helicopter searchlight circle back , briefly illuminate the room . the camera rise up over Bateman huddle in the corner , stare blankly at the sky . int . smith and wollensky restaurant - day kimball and Bateman be sit at a corner table . kimball ( very surprised ) no hash brown ? bateman not in the mood , I guess . kimball but ... everyone order the hash brown here . I mean - it 's - have you be here before ? bateman ( deliberately nonchalant ) yes , of course . the hash brown be delicious . I be just ...not ... order they . kimball ( look at he like he 's nut ) suit yourself , I guess . pause . kimball so , the night he disappear ? any new thought on what you do ? bateman I be not really sure . I have a shower ... and some sorbet ? kimball I think maybe you have get you date mix up . bateman but how ? where do you place Paul that night ? kimball accord to he date book , and this be verify by he secretary , he have dinner with ... Marcus halberstam . bateman and ? kimball I have question he . bateman Marcus ? kimball yes . and he deny it . though at first he could not be sure . bateman but Marcus deny it ? kimball yes . bateman well , do Marcus have a alibi ? kimball yes . a pause . bateman he do ? you be sure ? kimball ( smile ) I check it out . it 's clean . bateman oh. kimball now where be you ? ( he laugh ) bateman ( laugh with he ) where be Marcus ? kimball he be not with Paul Owen . bateman so who be he with ? kimball he be at atlantis with Craig McDermott , Frederick dibble , Harry Newman , George butner and '' ( he pause , then look up ) - you . a moment of stunne silence . bateman oh , right . of course ... we have want Paul Owen to come . but he say he have plan ... I guess I have dinner with Victoria ... the follow night . kimball personally I think the guy go a little nutso . Split town for a while . maybe he do go to London . sightsee . drink . whatever . anyway , I be pretty sure he will turn up sooner or later . ( a pause ) I mean , to think that one of he friend kill he , for no reason whatsoever would be too ridiculous . be not that right , Patrick ? McDermott stop by the table . mcdermott kimball ! how 's the investigation ? talk to Bateman ? do not believe a word he say . ( laugh uproariously slapping he on the back ) Bateman , what 's wrong with , you ? Bateman look at he in silence , panic . mcdermott you can not eat at Smith and wollensky without order the hash brown . Jesus , Bateman , you be a rave maniac . be at pierce &amp ; pierce too long . ( he wander off mutter ) no fuck hash brown ... int . paul owen' apartment build - day Bateman walk into the lobby of Paul Owen 's building . he have a surgical mask in one hand . doorman what can I do for you , sir ? bateman 20b . doorman of course . Mrs. wolfe be up there right now . bateman Mrs. wolfe ? doorman the real estate agent ? you do have a appointment , do not you ? Bateman step out of the elevator and walk cautiously down the hallway . Owen 's door be open . the apartment be freshly paint and have be immaculately redecorate in English country - house style : overstuff sofa , lot of chintz . there be flower everywhere , and a young yuppie couple stand admire the place talkingto the realtor , mrs . wolfe . Bateman wander down the hallway , look for familiar sign . he stop at the closet where we last see two dead girl hang . he open the door and the light switch on , but it be empty . Mrs. wolfe approach , smile . mrs . wolfe be you my two o'clock ? bateman no . Mrs. wolfe eye he strangely , then look down at the surgical mash clutch in he hand . her expression change . mrs . wolfe can I help you ? bateman I be look for ... Paul Owen 's ... place . she stare at he impassively . bateman do not he live here ? mrs . wolfe no , he do not . bateman be you sure ? mrs . wolfe you see the ad in the Times ? bateman no . yes . I mean yes , I do . in the Times . but ... do not Paul Owen still live here ? mrs . wolfe there be no ad in the Times . Bateman be shaking as they continue to stare at each other . mrs . wolfe I think you should go now . bateman but I think ... I want to know what happen here . mrs . wolfe do not make any trouble . please . I suggest you go . Bateman back away slowly . mrs . wolfe do not come back . bateman I will not ... do not worry . Mrs . wolfe glare at he as he walk down the hall , rattle , and get into the elevator . ext . department store - day Bateman enter the revolve door of a office building , panic and breathe heavily . he be sweat , he hair be wild , and he look derange . he go around the revolve door twice and come out onto the street again , where he bump smack into a guy just like he . guy hey , kinsley . Bateman look up at he wild - eye . guy see you at fluty , okay ? the guy walk away , utterly unfaze . Bateman wander down the street , bang he briefcase against wall , garbage can , etc . ext . midtown phone booth - day Bateman search he pocket for pill . he find three different pill and swallow they . he 's sweat , and take he jacket off to wipe he face , dial a number . jean ( o.s. ) Patrick Bateman 's office . bateman Jean ? hello ? Jean ? jean ( o.s. ) Patrick ? be that you ? bateman hello ? Jean , I need help ! jean ( o.s. ) where be you ? bateman Jean - I be not - jean ( o.s. ) Craig McDermott call . he want to meet you and David Van patten and Tim price at Harry 's for drink . bateman oh God , what do you say , you dumb bitch ? jean ( o.s. ) Patrick ? I can not hear you . bateman what be I do ? jean ( o.s. ) where be you ? Patrick , what 's wrong ? bateman I do not think I be gonna make it , Jean . pause . bateman ...to the office this afternoon . jean ( o.s. ) why ? bateman ( scream ) just...say ...no ! jean ( o.s. ) what be it , Patrick ? be you alright ? bateman stop sounding so Fucking sad ! Jesus ! he hang up . he throw the walkman which be around he neck into a nearby trash can , and wipe he face with he jacket . int . bateman' office - same day Jean sit at Bateman 's desk . she look around , and then open he desk drawer and tentatively begin to search through it . int . harry bar - evening Bateman come into the bar , a little clean up from the previous scene ( he 's smoothe he hair ) , but still panic and dishevel . he spot he friend in a corner , sit down , still breathe heavily . price be on he cell - phone , try to get reservation . mcdermott Bateman , you be look a little wild - eye rough day at the office ? they all laugh . mcdermott hey , look - price be back . and he 's drink perrier . he 's a change man . except ... he still can not get a reservation to save he life . Bateman sit down silently . mcdermott why do not you try I 50 wooster ? just fuck call they . bateman ( on automatic ) I be not go anywhere unless we have a reservation . van patten Le cirque , flamingo East , oyster bar , come on , faggot - just get a re . price keep you shirt on . maybe lose the suspender . Bateman spot harold carne at the bar , tense . bateman ( he downs he drink ) Excuse I , gentleman . right back . he approach carne cautiously . carne face it - the japanese will own most of this country by the end of the ' 90 . Bateman approach , try to act casual . bateman shut up , carne , they will not . carne be surprised , turn around , look vaguely confuse . bateman so , harold , do you get my message ? carne light a cigarette , stalling . then laugh . carne Jesus , Davis . yes . that be hilarious . that be you , be not it ? bateman ( waving smoke out of he face ) yes , naturally . carne Bateman kill Owen and the escort girl ? oh that 's fabulous . that 's rich ... pause carne it be a pretty long message , be not it ? bateman what exactly do you mean ? carne the message you leave . carne be distract , wave at people . carne by the way Davis , how be Cynthia ? you be still see she , right ? bateman but wait , harold , what do you mean ? carne be not really listen . carne Excuse I . nothing . good to see you . be that Edward tower ? he turn to go . bateman carne ? wait . carne ( sigh ) Davis . I be not one to bad - mouth anyone , you joke be amusing . but come on , man , you have one fatal flaw : Bateman 's such a dork , such a boring , spineless lightweight , that I could not fully appreciate it . I be not fool for a second . now , if you would say price , or McDermott ... otherwise , it be amusing . now , let 's have lunch or dinner or something . hilarious , Davis . a killer . bateman what be you talk about ? Bateman be what ? carne oh Christ . he can barely pick up a escort girl , let alone ... what be it you say he do to she ? carne look around the club , raise he glass to a pass couple . he laugh politely . carne now , if you will excuse I , I really must ... bateman ( desperate , shouting ) wait . stop . you do not seem to understand . you be not really comprehend any of this . I kill he . I do it , carne . I be Patrick Bateman . I chop Owen 's fuck head off . I torture dozen of girl . the whole message I leave on you machine be true . carne Excuse I . I really must he go . bateman no ! listen , do not you know who I be ? I be not Davis , I be Patrick Bateman ! I talk to you on the phone all the time ! do not you recognize I ? you be my lawyer . carne stare at he in confusion and annoyance . bateman now , carne , listen to I . listen very , very carefully . I kill Paul Owen and I like it . I can not make myself any clearer carne but that 's simply not possible . and I do not find this funny anymore . bateman it never be suppose to he ! why be not it possible ? carne ( eyeing Bateman worriedly ) it 's just not . bateman why not , you stupid bastard ? carne stare at he . carne because I have dinner with Paul Owen twice in London ... just ten day ago . bateman no , you ... do not ? carne now , if you will excuse I . Bateman return back to he friend ' table , in a daze . they be all look at the television , where Ronald Reagan be give a speech about Iran Contra . they be halfheartedly argue about whether or not he 's lie . price how can he lie like that ? how can he pull that shit ? van patten what shit ? now where do we have reservation at ? I mean I be not really hungry , but I would like to have reservation somewhere . price ( to Bateman ) I do not believe it . he look so ... normal . he seem so ... out of it . so...undangerous . mcdermott he be totally harmless you geek . be totally harmless . just like you be totally harmless . but he do do all that shit and you have fail lo get we into I 50 , so , you know , what can I say ? price I just do not see how someone , anyone , can appear that way and yet be involved in such total shit . how can you be so fuck , I do not know , cool about it ? van patten some guy be just bear cool , I guess . Bateman laugh at this . price shoot he a look . price and Bateman , what be you so fuck zany about ? bateman I be just a happy camper . Rockin ' and a-rollin ' . van patten ( to price ) rehab 's do wonder for you , pal . work for unicef now ? mcdermott do you want another perrier timothy ? some seltzer water ? price oh brother look - he present himself as a harmless Old codger . but inside ... pause . price but inside ... the sound of the bar fade away and we hear Bateman 's thought : bateman ( v.o. ) but inside do not matter ... the sound of the bar return . mcdermott ( bore ) Inside ? yes , inside ? believe it or not , price we be actually listen to you . price Bateman ? come on , what do you think ? Bateman look up and smile at price . then shrug . bateman whatever . the conversation break up as Van patten take out he phone . van patten whose moronic idea be it to drink dry beer ? I need a scotch . the sound of the bar fade down . the follow voiceover run over image of Bateman and he friend order drink , talk on portable phone , talk , laugh - combine with image of other very similar young man at other table drink , talk on portable phone , talk , laugh , bateman ( v.o. ) there be no more barrier to cross . all I have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane , the vicious and the evil , all the mayhem I have cause and my utter indifference toward it , I have now surpass ... int . bateman' office - day Jean be alone in Bateman 's office , look through he diary . we see the page that she be look at . they be fill with doodle of mutilate woman and they name ... Jean look lose and frighten , and begin to cry . bateman ( v.o. ) my pain be constant and sharp and I do not hope for a better world for anyone . I fact I want my pain to be inflicted on other . I want no escape . int . harry bar - early evening as the film end the camera move close on Bateman . he be lean back in he leather armchair , drink a double scotch , he eye blank . bateman ( v.o. ) but even after admit this , there be no catharsis . I gain no deeper knowledge about myself , no new knowledge can be extract from my tell . there have be no reason for I to tell you any of this . this confession have mean nothing ... the camera move up to a sign on the wall behind he : " this be not a exit . " credit roll