american madness written by Robert riskin fade in 1 . ext . build - day - long shot of a large , impressive - look building on the corner of a busy , New York business street . lap dissolve to : 2 . ext . build - day - close shot a dignify brass plate sign on the side of the building , read : union national bank . lap dissolve to : 3 . int . foyer of build - mo . shot lower portion of high bronze door , one side of which be partly open . sitting in front of the close side be a uniform officer , greeting , ad lib , the various employee as they enter . lap dissolve to : 4 . int . of bank - closeup of a cover be yank off a add machine . CUT to : 5 . close shot at switchboard a telephone operator , busily plugging in wire . operator ( mechanically sweet voice ) good morning . . . Union National Bank . . . just a minute lap dissolve to : 6 . int . entrance room to vault - mo . shot of the inside of a massive vault door , make impressive by the shine , finely cut steel bolt and the many other intricate- look instrument which adorn it . camera pan up to a clock overhead which register 9:03 . a group of young man , pay teller , be impatiently watch a teller struggle with the lock that will admit they to the vault . teller come on , come on , oscar , what be we wait for ? 2 nd teller what 's the matter ? can not you find it ? 3rd teller sneak up on it , boy ! 4 th teller oscar , come on ! charlie say , if it have lipstick on it , he would find it ! they all laugh , as oscar find the combination . ? 104 ? oscar almond to you ! [ 1 ] almond ! tellers now , now , oscar - not almond ! the camera move with they as they pass through the first portal . charlie nine o'clock and all be lousy ! 1st teller yes , I spend half of my life wait for this time clock to open . say , where 's Matt ? charlie probably upstairs think up that daily joke . 2 nd teller that guy kill I with he wisecrack . 3rd teller say , when he come in , let 's put on a freeze face . let 's not smile . they ad-lib agreement . 1st teller shhh ! nix ! here he comes— 7 . mo . shot camera pick up Matt Brown , the chief teller , as he stride briskly in and begin turn the combination dial to the main vault . he be about twenty - six , a clean-look , personable youngster . several of the teller be stand close to he , look on . matt how be you do slave ? tellers hello , matt. how're you Matt ? Matt begin to work the combination of the main lock . matt ( with he back to they ) say , do you boy ever hear the story of the pawnbroker with the glass eye ? 1st teller no Matt , what be the story about the pawnbroker with the glass eye ? matt ( as he continue to fiddle with the lock ) well , I will tell you . a fellow go into this shop to pawn he watch . the pawnbroker say , " I will give you $ 50 for it , if you can tell I which be my glass eye . " the fellow say , " all right , I will do that . it 's the right one . " the pawnbroker say , " that 's correct . but how do you know it be the right one ? " the fellow ? 105 ? say , " well , it 's get more sympathy than the other one . " he turn , expect they laugh , but be confront by stone face . matt Sympathy ! you know , the right one have more sympathy than the other one ! 1st teller what 's the matter ? can not you get this thing open ? Matt stare in disbelief , then get the joke . matt ( contemptuously ) six reason why bank fail ! this crack they all up , as a uniform officer , who have be stand by , work a lever attach to the floor , which lower a section of the floor , directly in front of the vault . this permit the vault door , which be sink below the floor level , to swing open . tellers ( ad-lib ) I love you joke , Matt ! they be so entertaining ! a very funny man ! 8 . mo . shot Matt open the inside door , make up of perpendicular steel bar . the teller scurry into the cavernous - look interior . someone snap on a light . camera truck up to vault . the back wall of the vault be line with steel cabinet divide into many small compartment . on one side be a wall safe which be also open by a combination and which contain the surplus cash carry by the bank . Matt be in charge of this . all around the room be numerous hand truck - one for every teller . this truck contain the cash in the charge of the individual teller . while the teller in the b.g. obtain they key and open the drawer of they truck , Matt examine the time clock which be attach to the inside of the vault door . 9 . int . vault - mo . close shot at the door , as Matt enter and go directly to the burglar alarm box to the leave of the doorway . he lean over to throw off the burglar alarm switch . CUT to : 10 . closeup - burglar alarm switch the handle of the switch point in the direction of a sign read on . Matt 's hand come into the scene and throw the switch up toward a sign read off . this be do with no comment , it be a routine matter with Matt . matt come on , white collar . the day 's start ! 11 . mo . shot as the teller file out with they truck . before they do , however , each one sign the cashbook . one or two exit silently . ? 106 ? 12 . close shot - matt as one of the teller come into scene . Matt examine the cashbook . matt you be carry too much money on you , hank . you better turn some in tonight . matt ( as he go ) okay , Matt . he exit out of scene . matt how be you fix ? teller I be okay , Matt . matt ( to another teller ) you have get enough ? 2 nd teller I will be all right . Charlie , the last man , come up . charlie say Matt , I will have to have some money for that manville payroll . matt how much ? charlie about twenty - four thousand . matt ( count out money ) it be more than that last week . charlie yeah . matt here 's twenty - five thousand . he hand Charlie four stack of bill . as Charlie be signing the cash book , Matt speak : matt say , do I a favor , will you Charlie ? charlie yeah . matt let I have ten buck ? charlie ( aghast ) ten buck ? say , if I have ten buck , I would quit . matt Charlie ! ? 107 ? charlie yeah ? Charlie start out . Matt follow he . 13 . outside of vault - mo . close shot as Charlie come out , follow by Matt . camera truck along with they as they walk . matt ( as they walk ) I will pay it back to you Saturday - on the level I will . give a guy a break , will you ? I have get to get it back in my account . if helen ever find out that i— charlie ( unsympathetically ) baby , I can not give you anything but love . . . [ 2 ] lap dissolve to : 14 . int . MAIN floor of bank - backstage camera truck with they as Charlie push he truck forward and Matt walk alongside of he . en route , camera take in atmospheric shot of the general activity backstage of the bank . male and female clerk stand around at various angle , check away at add machine . several be assist by someone who call off figure to they as they record it on machine . we hear this figure read in a monotone as we pass they . Matt be still try to pry the ten dollar loose from Charlie . matt now listen Charlie . I will give you a i.o.u . I will give you a note , I will pay you mortgage , it 's a matter of life and death '' ad-lib conversation from the other clerk distract he attention . charlie whose death ? matt it will be yours if you do not kick in with that ten buck . charlie say pal , do you ever hear of a Depression ? matt aw , nert ! Charlie arrive at he cage . camera stop with they . charlie come over and see we sometime . camera continue to follow Matt as he continue on to he cage , mutter half to himself . matt I be not ask you to pay off the Depression . I be only ask you for ten buck ! ? 108 ? another teller be busy in the cage next to he . Matt address he , refer to Charlie . matt that mug remind I of a guy with he second dollar . teller yeah , what do he do with he first one ? matt buy himself a pocketbook ! the teller laugh heartily . 15 . mo . shot the camera pick up helen as she cross the main floor of the bank , reach Matt 's teller window and push it open . matt hello , helen ! helen ( conspiratorially ) Matt , come here ! matt why ? helen come here , honey ! he lean over , and she give he a quick kiss . matt hey , look out , somebody 's likely to see we ! helen ( already walk away ) oh , be that so ? she quickly kiss he again , cross back , and take the grand stair up to the outer office of the bank president as Matt watch with a grin . 16 . int . MAIN floor of bank - full shot just then , a group of five or six important - look man enter scene on the way to the conference room . one of the man look towards helen 's desk . 17 . mo . shot on helen and a secretary stand next to she . secretary ( to helen ) oh , oh. look who 's here . 18 . mo . shot the other clerk and teller , notice the newcomer as they file past . teller hey , psst ! ? 109 ? oscar oh , oh . five ill wind . teller ( stand next to oscar ) and blow no good for the old man , either . 19 . closer shot on helen' desk shoot toward helen . helen ( acidly ) the four-and - a-half horseman . [ 3 ] girl what be they do here ? there 's no board meeting today . helen search I . by this time , the important group of man have reach helen , and be pass she by , with perfunctory nod . clark ( the most important of the important - look man ; to helen ) Mr. dickson in yet ? helen not yet , Mr. Clark . clark when he come in , tell he we be wait for he in the board room . helen yes , sir . clark and tell he not to delay . helen yes , sir . the group of man file through the board room door , and out of sight . girl ( to helen ) look like trouble for you boss . helen take more than two ton of director to make trouble for my boss . girl ( as she turn to go ) sez you ! 20 . int . conference room - mo . shot take in all of room . the director be all here , and some sit around a long , narrow mahogany table . Clark , the sour-face old ? 110 ? bird we see previously talk to helen , pace back and forth agitatedly . clark I have send for the cashier , gentleman . he have a list of the loan that dickson make last month . 21 . mo . close shot - clark as he stop in he pace a moment and address the director further : clark and as I tell you at breakfast , it be time we do something about it . 22 . close shot - schultz in thorough accord with Clark 's violent attitude be schultz , a german , whose instinctive conservatism rebel against dickson 's liberal banking method . schultz Mr. Clark 's right . dickson will ruin this bank if we do not stop he . AMES ( another conservative stalwart ) look to I as if we be in hot water already . a very dignify but meek little old man , Jonathan ive , try horn in : ives ( feeble-voice ) gentlemen , I be just wonder '' 23 . mo . shot as another of the director , o'brien , a large , bull - face , thunderous - voice contractor , rise to dickson 's defense . ( o' brien be always filing he nail , even while he talk . ) o'brien personally , I think you be get panic-stricken about nothing . dickson 's all right . clark ( interrupt ) oh , be he ? we carry more unsecure paper than any other institution in the city . we be fool to tolerate it . schultz that 's what I say . and the only way to end it be to get dickson out . 24 . close shot - o'brien he look toward schultz . o'brien do not make I laugh , schultz ! 25 . mo . close shot - clark clark dickson do not have to go . but he must agree to this merger with New York trust '' ? 111 ? o'brien what good will that do ? clark what good will that do ? why , it will take control away from he . we will put somebody else in charge , call in all doubtful loan , and be on safe ground again . that 's what good it will do ! 26 . mo . close shot include ive in scene with Clark and o'brien . ive be seat , o'brien and Clark stand by table . ive try to speak again . ives it have just occur to mak o'brien ( interrupt ) you be waste you time , I tell you . dickson will not stand for it . clark he will stand for it , if I have anything to say about it . just then they hear door open , and they all look towards door lead through to main floor . 27 . mo . close shot - cluett as he shut the door behind he . he be immaculately groom , obviously cut quite a dash with the woman . he look off toward the man as Clark 's voice come in : clark voice ah - come in , cluett . camera pan with cluett as he come forward and put a paper on the table before Clark . cluett here 's the list . clark yes , thank you . cluett anything else ? clark no. nothing . cluett exit toward door again . Clark pick up the list and look at it . then he address the other man : clark look at this . just look at this . it 's outrageous . Henry Moore - thirty - six thousand . manny Goldberg - eighty - five hundred . tony consero - fifty - six thousand dollar . Joseph McDonald - eighteen thousand . Alvin Jones - sixty -six thousand dollar to a hotel that 's on its last leg . I tell you , people get loan in this bank that could not borrow five cent anywhere else . ? 112 ? 28 . wider angle as the other man group around the loan list , which Clark have put back down on the table . they all scrutinize it carefully . schultz ( to the man at large ) and on what ? " hunch , " he call it . AMES some day he will get a " hunch " about a man and give the bank away . clark he 's almost do that already . we chief teller , Matt Brown , be a example of that . he break into dickson 's house , hold he up , and the next day get a job in the bank . ives well , as far as I be concerned '' schultz a boy who should be in jail , handle a bank 's cash ! CUT to : 29 . int . MAIN floor of bank - mo . close shot shoot toward Matt , inside the teller 's cage , busily count the money he be get ready for Charlie . helen be outside the cage . 30 . close shot shoot toward helen . helen ( skeptically ) what do you do with it ? matt with what ? helen the ten dollar . matt ( quickly ) oh , ten dollar '' helen yes . matt ( catch himself in time ) a friend of mine - yeah , really - he mother be terribly sick and she be die , would you believe it ? 31 . close shot shoot toward Matt . as she interrupt he : ? 113 ? helen no . matt oh , you think I be lie ? helen yes . matt all right , I be lie . do not forget you call I a liar . helen oh , Matt . he reach forward and take she hand . matt oh honey , why do not we get marry ? then you can handle it all . just then oscar enter the scene , en route somewhere . he stop beside Matt , notice he and helen be hold hand . 32 . mo . close shot as helen and Matt separate guiltily . oscar say , Matt ! Matt ! do you hear the news ? matt no , what ? oscar pardon I . all the big shot be in a huddle , and it look like dickson 's out on he ear . helen and Matt react to this piece of news . they look at one another . apparently , it will have a definite effect on they life . matt ( to oscar ) oh , you be kid I , be not you ? oscar no , I be not kid . everybody 's talk about it . ask she . helen I have not hear about it . oscar sure , everybody 's talk about it . 33 . close up - matt as he speak sadly . matt if that 's on the level , there go my assistant cashier 's job . 34 . mo . close shot take the three in . ? 114 ? oscar well , I just think I would drop by and cheer you up a bit . as he turn to go out of scene , he look at Matt . oscar I will be see you , Matt - in the breadline . CUT to : 35 . int . conference room mo . - shot the man be all gather around the table now . apparently , they have be discuss way and mean of ousting dickson . as we cut to this scene , ive be pour himself a glass of water . ives that ham I have this morning be very salty '' 36 . closer shot on the group clark gentlemen , let 's get organize before dickson get here . schultz , can I count on you ? 37 . close shot on schultz , who be seat next to Clark . schultz absolutely . clark what about you , Ames ? 38 . close shot on Ames , who be seat next to schultz . AMES that 's the way I feel about it . clark ive , how about you ? 39 . close shot ives well , the way I look at it , it seem that '' clark ( interrupt ) all right . o' brien ? 40 . close shot at other end of table , where o'brien be . o'brien well , you have get a awful fight on you hand . that 's all I have get to say . 41 . close shot on Clark , determine . ? 115 ? clark gentlemen , I think it 's time that we do fight . CUT to : 42 . int . MAIN floor of bank - full shot the outer office of the bank be in this shot . a spacious stretch of desk occupy by clerk and junior officer , all busily at work . a wizen old doorman be greeting clerk as they arrive . clerk ( pass by ) hello , gardiner . gardiner good morning . you be on time this morning . it 's about time . we see dickson , loom in the doorway , for the first time . 43 . close shot as dickson stop to speak to the doorman . dickson be a man of about fifty , whose look belie he year . there be a robustness and virility about he that be compelling . his very walk radiate power . he now put he hand on the old man 's shoulder . gardiner good morning , Mr. dickson . dickson John , how 's you wife this morning ? gardiner ( look up , worship in he eye ) much better this morning , thank you . dickson get a handkerchief ? gardiner hurriedly produce a handkerchief , and start to blow he nose . gardiner Excuse mak dickson wait a minute . ( he take the handkerchief , and polish the brass on gardiner 's uniform ) how do you feel this morning ? gardiner I be feel fine this morning . dickson that make it unanimous . I feel all right too . gardiner thank you ! as dickson exit from scene : ? 116 ? CUT to : 44 . trucking shot with dickson the smile on he face disappear as he see something which annoys he . dickson ( sternly ) oh , Carter ! a young man look up quickly . he be smoking a cigarette . carter yes sir ? dickson you know the rule about smoking . . . Carter quickly crush out the cigarette . even as he do so , dickson reach into he pocket and flip Carter a fresh one , which Carter pocket for later . carter thank you , sir . now dickson pass Matt 's cage . dickson ( catch Matt 's attention ) oh , Matt ! Matt look up . dickson toss he a wink , and Matt wink back . dickson walk on towards he office . camera truck ahead of he . on the way he be greet by he employee . ad - lib from employees good morning , Mr. dickson . etc. , etc . dickson ( pleasantly ) Morning . good morning '' he be join by Bill saunder , a friend of he . Bill walk along with dickson . bill hello , Tom . dickson ( firmly , but pleasantly ) you here again ? what do you want ? he do not stop . continue he walk toward he office . Bill along - side of he . bill ( smile ) what do you suppose anybody want ? money , money , money ! dickson listen , I tell you I be not interested in that deal , do not I ? ? 117 ? bill I want to know why . dickson notice a man , a janitor without a uniform , pass by . dickson ( to the man ) wait a minute . where 's you uniform ? janitor I have not any . dickson you have not get a uniform ? janitor no , sir . dickson my goodness , you ought to have a uniform . how much do one cost ? janitor why , I do not know . dickson you see sampson . tell he I send you . you have get to have a uniform . the man exit scene . Bill pick up the conversation where he leave off . bill Tom , I never have trouble get credit from you before . when I be flat break you give I all the money I want . now I come to you with a swell deal , and the great '' dickson ( interrupt ) I will tell you why . I do not like the crowd you be mix up with . ( soften ) personally , you can have all the credit you want . but for that deal - not a cent . bill but listen , Tom , i— they have now reach the anteroom of dickson 's private chamber , where helen sit at she desk . 45 . int . dickson' outer office - mo . close shot as dickson come up to helen at she desk . a lady sit nearby . dickson notice she . dickson good morning , Mrs. pembroke . mrs . pembroke good morning , Mr. dickson . dickson get my letter ? ? 118 ? mrs . pembroke yes , thank you . dickson hello , helen . helen good morning . dickson helen , you be become more beautiful every day . what be we go to do about it ? helen I do not know . dickson guess we will just have to sacrifice the bank . when be you and Matt go to get marry ? helen ( awkwardly ) why - well , i— dickson ummm . stall , eh ? ( change tone , professionally ) anything new ? helen why , the director be wait for you in the board room . dickson director , eh? Long face ? he gesture accordingly . helen ( she trump he gesture ) long . dickson ( half - under he breath ) I have not get any new storey for they this morning , either . Mrs. pembroke have be stand by , wait to get a word in edgewise . camera pan slightly with he to take in the lady : mrs . pembroke Mr. dickson ? dickson ah , Mrs. pembroke . I speak to Mr. schaffer at the guaranty . he 's go to take care of that mortgage for you . . . during this speech the phone bell ring . 46 . medium shot as helen pick up the phone and quietly answer it . Bill saunder be stand nearby , still wait to talk to dickson again . ? 119 ? helen ( into phone ) hello . . . ( she turn to dickson ) Mrs. dickson on the phone . dickson come over to the desk and as he pick up the receiver , he look toward Mrs. pembroke . dickson ( to Mrs. pembroke ) you would better hurry over there . he 's wait for you . ( then into phone ) hello , dear . . . 47 . close shot - dickson as he continue , into phone : dickson where be you ? . . . sure , well , come on down right away . huh ? . . . yes , of course I remember . it 's tonight . ( smile ) see what a social hound I be become ! . . . all right , goodbye , dear . he hang up . Mrs. pembroke be wait for he to finish . she have apparently be disappointed in the news he have for she . mrs . pembroke but , Mr. dickson , I think you be go to take care of the mortgage . I only want ten thousand . the property be worth sixty . dickson ( ill - at - ease ) Mr. schaffer will take good care of you . he will give you fifteen - maybe twenty . . . 48 . mo . close shot he continue talk to the lady , try to get rid of she . dickson better hurry now . Goodbye . good luck to you ! Mrs. pembroke , bewilder , start to leave . mrs . pembroke ( mutter ) thank you . camera pan with he as Mrs. pembroke leave . dickson ( to helen ) oh , if Mrs. dickson come in , will you tell she to see cluett if she need any money ? Bill saunder be still wait . he corner dickson . bill what 's the idea of turn she down ? it sound like a perfectly safe investment . ? 120 ? dickson she 's a widow . I do not like take mortgage from widow . bill ( puzzle ) why not ? 49 . close shot of the two shoot toward dickson . dickson if she can not pay , I will have to foreclose , will not I ? bill ( dumbly ) yes - sure— dickson ( mimick he ) yeah - sure ! he turn to address a man below - the janitor without a uniform . dickson oh , make that uniform blue . janitor yes , sir . abruptly , he head for the board room . Bill be still baffle by dickson 's queer reason . suddenly , it dawns on he . he shake he head admiringly . CUT to : 50 . int . conference room - mo . shot dickson enter . dickson ( blithely ; as he count the board member present ) one - two - three - four - five . Seven more and you would have a jury ! he grab a walk cane and wield it like a golf putter . dickson well , it 's a nice morning , gentleman . how about two foursome of golf ? ives ( eagerly ) oh , I say , that would be . . . ive 's voice trail off as he realize Clark be scowling at he . dickson ( undeterred ; still practice he golf swing ) say , you know , I find out something yesterday about hit a golf ball . you have get to hit with the leave hand , and from the inside out , it 's the only way you can hit anything '' ? 121 ? clark ( huffy ) I think , Mr. dickson , we would like to have a little of you very valuable time here at the bank this morning , if you do not mind . dickson oh , you would , eh ? all right . if it 's more important than golf , go ahead . what 's on you mind ? CUT to : 51 . int . lobby of bank - long shot shoot from one end of the lobby toward the front door . depositor be scattered all over the place . some at the window . some at the write table . other sit inside the railing , talk to junior executive . the scene be peaceful , though very active . camera start trucking forward , pass en route , the different type of individual who frequent the bank . people from all walk of life . camera travel slowly , pick up follow little scene . teller ( at window ) the check be no good . sadie ( a female customer ) what ? clerk the check be no good . the man have no account here . sadie Holy mackerel ! I have be rob . clerk I be sorry , madam . sadie so be I . and do not call I madam ! camera next pick up a elderly lady talk to a bank guard . guard yes , mar 'am , you can deposit you money here . lady be it safe ? guard absolutely . lady it 's he life insurance money , you know . bank guard that 's all right . you come with I , and I will show you where to deposit you money . camera goe past and now singles out three man who be come forward . one glance and we know they be here for no kosher reason . ? 122 ? they be typical gangster type . one of they , the leader , be dress in everything but the kitchen sink . Light fedora , stiff shirt and collar with stripe run perpendicularly . flashy gray suit - spat - and walk stick . the other two be just tough hombre , but dress to kill . as they walk toward camera , they glance around the bank with a professional casualness , but obviously very much impressed . they eye rove around the place and finally land on some object where they stop . CUT to : 52 . closeup - charlie as he quickly count out several thousand dollar in bill . CUT to : 53 . close shot - three racketeers they eye glisten . they mouth water , as they watch Charlie off scene . CUT to : 54 . medium shot Inside the railing . cluett emerge from he office and start forward , business - like , when he suddenly stop in he track . 55 . closeup - cluett he stare off at the racketeer . a look of fright come into he eye . his impulse be to turn back . 56 . close group shot the three gangster . a quick flash . they eye light on cluett off scene , and they glare menacingly at he . leader there he be ! good morning ! 57 . mo . close shot - cluett he change he mind about avoid they . his face break into a feeble smile of affability as he walk toward they . camera pan with he as he approach the three man , he hand outstretch in force amiability . cluett ( shaking ) good morning ! who do you want to see ? the gangster shake hand with he , they expression remain unchange , which add immeasurably to cluett 's discomfort . leader ( flatly ) you . 1st gangster ( drawl ) yeah . we wanna talk to you about a big deal . there be a sinister significance in the manner in which he emphasize " a big deal . " cluett be perceptibly ill- at-ease . ? 123 ? cluett ( uncertainly - sickly smile ) oh , yes . well , come right this way . he open the swinging gate in front of he , permit the three racketeer to enter . they start for cluett 's office . 58 . int . ante room dickson' office - mo . close shot helen sit at she typewriter near a railing , overlook the bank below . another girl stand by she , both be stare off scene . CUT to : 59 . int . bank lobby - mo . long shot from helen 's angle . cluett and the three gangster go into cluett 's office . 60 . int . ante room of dickson' office - mo . close shot helen and other secretary . helen hey Pat , come here ! look ! secretary ( to helen ) that 's dude finlay , all right - I have see he picture in the papers hundred of time . helen I wonder what he 's do with Mr. cluett . secretary ( still stare - thrilled - shudder ) gee , I be scared . he 's one of the toughest gangster in town . CUT to : 61 . int . conference room - mo . long shot shoot down the length of the table . the man be all sit around the large table . dickson be on he foot . dickson ( firmly ) gentlemen , you be only waste you time . there will be no merger . 62 . mo . close shot as dickson continue . dickson ( the injustice kill he ) why should I turn this bank over to anybody else ? I have work twenty - five year night and day to build it up , and now you be ask I to dump it into somebody 's lap '' ( with finality ) nothing do ! schultz , who be seat near dickson , look up at he : schultz you can make a handsome profit on you stock . ? 124 ? dickson I be not interested in profit . I be interested in the bank . in the depositor . they be my friend . they be look to I for protection , and I be not walk out on they . Clark and o'brien , also seat around close to dickson . clark how be you protect you depositor ? by make a lot of idiotic loan ! o'brien ( admonish he ) take it easy , Clark . ive , seat next to schultz , become alarmed . ives ( still try ) my dear friend . . . dickson ( unruffled , pay no attention to ive ) it 's all right . let he go ahead . let he speak he piece . I like it . go on . clark all right . I will speak my piece . dickson , you have get to change you policy . 63 . closer shot as dickson retort : dickson what 's the matter with my policy ? how many loss have this bank take in the last twenty - five year ? ( he look around - silence ) I will tell you . not a single one ! ( defiantly ) what 's wrong with that kind of banking ? clark ( mumble disdainfully ) just pure luck ! 64 . close shot Ames , seat beyond ive , now speak up : AMES condition have change . this be precarious time . bank today have get to be careful . and you have be more liberal than ever . dickson 's voice come in over scene : dickson' voice yes , and I be go to continue to be liberal . . . 65 . closeup - dickson as he continue : ? 125 ? dickson the trouble with this country today be there 's too much hoard cash . idle money be no good to industry . where be all the money today ? in the bank , vault , sock , old tin can , bury in the ground ! I tell you , we have get to get the money in circulation before you will get this country back to prosperity . 66 . close shot - clark clark who be we go to give it to ? Men like Jones ? last week you make he a extra loan of fifty thousand dollar . do you call that intelligent banking ? 67 . close shot - schultz and dickson schultz he can not pay he bill . how do you expect he to pay we ? dickson that 's a fair question , schultz . now let 's see how bad a risk Jones be . what 's he history ? he 's be a successful business man for thirty - five year . two year ago business start fall off . today Jones need money , and if he do not get it , he go into bankruptcy and throw nine hundred man out of work . answer - unemployment . 68 . closeup - o'brien as he listen intently , dickson 's voice come in : dickson' voice it also mean he creditor be not pay . they be in trouble . they go to bank and be turn down . . . more bankruptcy . . . 69 . closeup - dickson as he continue : dickson it 's a vicious circle , my friend , and the only place to cure it be right here at the source . help Jones and you help the whole circle . now , when Jones come to I , I ask myself two question . first - be he honest ? yes. second - be he as good a business man as he be before ? and the answer be - he 's better . 70 . closeup - clark show he reaction , as part of dickson 's speech come over scene : dickson' voice he be not only older and wiser , but he present trouble have teach he precaution . in my estimation , gentleman , Jones be no risk . neither be the thousand of other jonese throughout the country . . . ? 126 ? 71 . closeup - schultz to intercut with dickson 's speech . 72 . closeup - AMES to intercut with dickson 's speech . 73 . closeup - ives to intercut with dickson 's speech . 74 . mo . close shot the group , as dickson conclude he speech . dickson it 's they who build this nation up to the richest in the world , and it 's up to the bank to give they a break . disraeli say security be the prosperity of the nation '' [ 4 ] AMES ( cut he off ) why , disraeli do not say anything of the kind . dickson well , he should have say it . it 's as true now as it be then . and let we get the right kind of security . not stock and bond that zig - zag up and down , not collateral on paper , but character ! clark ( indignantly ) character , hmmpf ! that 's you idea ? dickson not at all . that 's Alexander Hamilton 's idea [ 5 ] - the finest banking mind this country have ever know . that be he exact word , gentleman . character ! it 's the only thing you can bank on , and it 's the only thing that will pull this country out of the doldrum . CUT to : 75 . int . cluett' private office - mo . close shot cluett sit at he desk , he face draw , panic-stricken . he be like a animal at bay . the leader of the trio , dude finlay , sit in a chair directly in front of cluett . the other two man stand on either side of the desk . dude ( menacingly ) you know what we do to welcher , cluett , do not you ? cluett ( tremble ) I know , I know , dude . oh , I must have be crazy ! I lose my head completely ! dude that 's you funeral . we have get fifty thousand dollar comin ' to we . ? 127 ? cluett ( helplessly ) I have not get it . 76 . close shot - dude shoot past cluett . dude ( bark ) then what do you want to gamble for ? if you would have beat we out of fifty G 's , you would have be pay , would not you ? well , we want we dough . cluett I be sorry , dude , but '' i— dude that do not do we any good . cluett but after all , you can not take blood from a stone . dude ( threateningly - quietly ) we can take blood from anything '' ( pause ) if it 's comin ' to we . 77 . mo . close shot shoot toward cluett . dude on opposite side of desk , the other two man still stand by the desk . a look of alarm spread over cluett 's face . there be nothing hide in this threat . cluett ( want time to think ) perhaps if you will wait a little while , I might be able— one of the men ( snappily ) we wait long enough ! dude ( shrewdly - to the man ) nix . Lay off . ( to cluett ) now - what 's the use of get excited , cluett ? it oughta be easy for you to lay you mitt on that kind of dough . . . 78 . close shot - cluett shoot past dude , as dude continue , slowly , deliberately : dude there 's plenty of it in this bank - lay around loose . cluett look up - horror-stricken . ? 128 ? cluett ( pop -ey , choke voice ) good heaven , man ! you be not suggest that i— dude why not ? cluett ( perspire freely ) why , I could not do that . . . ! dude ( flatly ) you do not have to do nothing . cluett look up toward the man - then at dude . cluett ( slowly ) what do you mean ? dude all you gotta do be fix a few thing for we , and we will do the rest , see ? there be a pause while cluett stare at they , horrify , he confuse mind try to assimilate the ghastliness of they proposal . suddenly he start to rise . 79 . medium shot as cluett get to he foot and face dude across the desk . cluett no , no , I could not - I could not do anything like that . i— smack ! the rest of he speech die in he throat . the man to he right have slap he across the face with he open palm . taken unaware , cluett 's hand go to he cheek . he stare at they , bewilder and frighten . cluett , feel himself trap and helpless , slowly sink into he chair . CUT to : 80 . int . anteroom dickson' office - mo . shot helen sit at she typewriter . a very dignify , beautiful woman of thirty approach she . she be Phyllis dickson , dickson 's wife . she radiate refinement and culture . mrs . dickson ( pleasantly ) good morning , helen . 81 . closer shot at helen 's desk , as helen look up at Mrs. dickson . helen how-do-you - do , Mrs. dickson . mrs . dickson be that busy husband of mine busy ? ? 129 ? helen ( indicate conference room ) he 's at a board meeting . mrs . dickson ( not unexpected ) board meeting . oh , that mean hour , I suppose . helen I be afraid so . mrs . dickson helen , do you ever try compete with a bank ? helen no . mrs . dickson well , take my word for it , and do not try it . it 's useless ! if it be some other woman , I could handle she , but after all , you can not scratch a bank 's eye out now , can you ? helen hardly . 82 . close shot - mrs . dickson shoot past helen . mrs . dickson oh , well . I guess the only other thing for I to do be to go out and buy myself a few stick of dynamite . when he come out , you tell he I will be back . he have not get rid of I ! helen all right . 83 . medium shot helen laugh as Mrs. dickson leave in the direction of cluett 's office . CUT to : 84 . int . cyril cluett' office - mo . close shot at door the three racketeer be prepare to leave . dude have he hand on the doorknob . cluett ( nervously ) dude - there 's not any chance of my become involved in this , be there ? dude you ? no , you will be all right , so long as you establish a alibi for tonight . cluett I know , buty dude be sure you be with somebody responsible in case any question be ask . understand ? ? 130 ? cluett but dude , listen - could not we make this some other time ? dude ( positively ) listen , buddy , you be get by pretty easy . quit squawk ! cluett look at dude , then at the other , and realize he be helpless . he open the door and the man file out , silently . cluett shut the door and camera pan with he as he cross back to he desk , shaking perceptibly . he reach into a desk drawer and extract a bottle of liquor . as he take a drink , Mrs. dickson enter unannounced . CUT to : 85 . mo . close shot as Mrs. dickson stand watch cluett . mrs . dickson ( playful reproach ) oh , oh ! cluett turn quickly . upon see she , he make a attempt to conceal the terror he feel . cluett ( smile feebly ) oh , hello , Phyllis . she advance toward he as he rise . mrs . dickson ( shaking she head ) this will not do . not during business hour . . . cluett why , I need a— ( offer she drink ) want one ? mrs . dickson ( screwing up she face ) heavens , no ! do you mind put up with I until the financial genius get through genius -ing ? cluett no , no , of course not . not at all . oh , here . as she take out a cigarette , he offer she a light . Mrs. dickson notice that he be rather nervous . mrs . dickson what be the matter with you ? you be tremble ? 86 . close shot - cluett cluett ( try to be light ) be I ? why , I - I do not know any reason why I should be , unless of course it 's you . . . ? 131 ? 87 . close two shot mrs . dickson I ? cluett be alone with you have always do this to I . you know that . mrs . dickson for a celebrate bounder , that be a awful admission . besides , I never know that any female could do this to you . cluett well , you can . you always could . mrs . dickson ( smile ) liar ! you be just suffer from lack of sleep . he take this as premature defeat , and head back toward he desk . mrs . dickson ( good-nature admonishment ) here , here , here , now ! do not you go back to work on I , too . I be get tired of this . besides , it 's beginning to affect you look '' cluett ( not understanding ) what be ? mrs . dickson ( finish she little joke ) —running around . not you work . ( cluett laugh in relief ) you would better start reforming , cyril ! cluett if I think you be the slight bit interested , I would . mrs . dickson not bad , not bad at all . do you know something ? I have always be curious about you line . cluett line ? mrs . dickson whatever it be that make you such a riot with woman . he shrug off the compliment . mrs . dickson ( continue ) come on cyril , try a little bit of it out on I . I have not have any first - class blarney throw at I since the day I be marry . ? 132 ? cluett ( try hard ) but you see , it be not blarney where you be concerned . mrs . dickson ( laugh ) now let I see , what come next ? ( a mock tone ) oh yes , I know - what be you do tonight , Phyllis ? 88 . closeup - cluett he be suddenly remind of he pact with dude finlay . terror return to he face . cluett tonight ? he suddenly get a idea . he be tell to be with someone around midnight . someone who would be a alibi for he . he stare off at Phyllis dickson . why not ? mrs . dickson ( continue ) do not that come next ? 89 . mo . close shot cluett yes , yes , it do . what be you do tonight , Phyllis ? mrs . dickson see , we be get along famously ! CUT to : 90 . int . conference room - medium shot Clark be in a state of agitation . the other director seem wear by the ordeal . dickson remain adamant . dickson most of the creditor I know personally . I have see they grow up in the community . I know they father and mother before they . clark I know , dickson . that 's all very well . but you be take too many chance . in this time a bank should keep liquid in case of trouble . in case of emergency ! 91 . closer shot at the table all the man in the scene . dickson I know what you mean by that . you want I to hang on to we cash . well , I do not believe in it . the law demand that I carry a certain legal reserve , and I be do it . the rest of we money be out work . . . work to help industry . . . to help build up business . . . ? 133 ? 92 . closeup - clark as he almost shout at dickson . clark in the meantime , you be jeopardize the safety of the bank . well , we will not stand for it ! 93 . mo . close shot of the group , as dickson turn to Clark . dickson you have to stand for it . meek little ive once again try to say something : ives ( exhaust ) but my dear friend . . . schultz ( interrupt ) you be force we to take action against you , dickson . dickson look at he : dickson go ahead - take all the action you want ! he look about at the other as he continue : dickson I be run this bank my way . get that clear ! clark gentlemen , you notice Mr. dickson refuse to consider we wish . he refuse a offer to merge with the New York trust - the only thing that will put this bank on safe ground . he insist upon run a bank on so flimsy a thing as . . . as faith ! dickson yes ! you say it , Clark . that 's the only thing that mean anything to I . 94 . closeup - clark as dickson 's voice continue . Clark react appropriately . dickson' voice before I take a man into this bank , and before I extend credit to anyone , I satisfy myself on one thing - do I believe in he ? 95 . close pan shot on the other man - camera panning from one to the other as dickson 's voice come over the shot - finally camera stop on dickson . dickson so far , my judgement have be right one hundred per cent . one hundred per cent ! when I start go wrong , you will not have to take any action . I will turn the bank over to you . then you can ? 134 ? merge all you want to . I will not be the fellow to run it then . good day , gentleman ! he exit scene . camera truck ahead of he as dickson pass briskly through he outer office , stop only to speak to helen at she desk : dickson ( cheerfully ) helen , tell Matt I want to see he . helen yes , sir . CUT to : 96 . int . cluett' private office - close shot - cluett and phyllis cluett ( mid-stream ) —and after dinner , we could go— mrs . dickson ( not at all angry ) oh ! oh , no ! I think I have do enough experiment for one day . congratulation , cyril . you have convinced I that you be a philanderer of the very first order . I shall recommend you highly . cluett ( simply ) please , please do not laugh at I , Phyllis . I must see you tonight ! 97 . closer shot of the two favore Mrs. dickson . mrs . dickson tonight , oh , never ! tonight I have reserve for a very special occasion . believe it or not , it 's we wedding anniversary . Tom do not probably even remember it . but then , they never do , do they ? cluett' voice no , they do n't— she shake she head . mrs . dickson but I be give a party for he - a real , old - fashioned surprise party . cap , bell , whistle , and everything . I be really terribly excited about it . I have be plan it for month . cluett ( after a pause ) well— mrs . dickson ( smile ) well , what ? ? 135 ? cluett ( he will not give up ) well , be not you go to invite I ? mrs . dickson ( surprised ) you ? no can do . it 's all set . just a few of Tom 's close friend . cluett now Phyllis , if you do not invite I , I be come anyway . mrs . dickson do not be silly , cyril . this be respectable people . they would probably bore you to death . cluett ( desperate - sounding ) no , they will not . not when you be there . oh , please , be a sport . please ask I . mrs . dickson ( flatter , but a little suspicious ) why be you so anxious ? cluett ( intense sincerity ) do not you know ? mrs . dickson no . cluett I want to be near you ! he step closer to she . mrs . dickson what ? cluett do not you know I have be crazy about you for year ? mrs . dickson ( still flatter , lightly ) now wait a minute , wait a minute . . . cluett I have love you ever since I can remember , long before you marry Tom dickson . mrs . dickson ( still only half - believe ) why , cyril , you be insane cluett no . no , I be not . I deliberately avoid you . I be afraid of make a fool of myself . but I will not stand it any longer '' mrs . dickson cyril ! ? 136 ? before she realize what have happen , he have sweep she into he arm and crush she to he . camera pan away from they to the door to the outer office . the door open and Matt step in . he stop , suddenly , transfix by what he see off scene . 98 . medium close shot Phyllis dickson in cluett 's arm ( from Matt 's angle ) . they suddenly become conscious of someone in the room and Phyllis struggle free , look off scene toward Matt : CUT to : 99 . close shot - matt from cluett and Mrs. dickson 's angle . he stare unbelievingly for a moment , and then collect himself , turn and leave the room , close the door after he . camera pan back to cluett and Mrs. dickson . for a moment she be terribly upset . cluett please forgive I , Phyllis . I lose my head for a minute . but I could not help it , Phyllis . as she start for the door , camera pan with her . cluett walk with she . mrs . dickson please stop apologize so much . you be make it far too important . as they reach the door . CUT to : 100 . int . ante room of cluett' office - mo . shot Matt stand there , in a daze . cluett 's secretary be not there . he start slowly forward , hardly know where he be go - camera trucking ahead of he - there be a far-away look in he eye . his hand clutches the list of payroll but as far as he be concerned , it be entirely forget . several people talk to he , but Matt walk on heedlessly . he can not get over the shock of what he just see . he always have be under the impression that dickson 's home life be a happy one . he never dream that Phyllis dickson represent anything but the height of circumspection . and now - cyril cluett , of all people ! helen come run into scene , all excited . helen ( happily ) Matt , where have you be ? Mr. dickson want to see you right away . hurry up ! he turn around mechanically and continue to walk in the direction of dickson 's office - camera trucking after he . helen fall into step with he . helen say , I just hear the merger be not go through . be not that grand ? ? 137 ? matt ( tonelessly ) yeah , swell . they reach dickson 's outer office . Matt cross it and exit into the private office . helen look after he - she face fall in disappointment . Matt be act very strangely . she think he would be elate . she stare unhappily at he forlorn figure as it disappear through the door . CUT to : 101 . int . dickson' private office - mo . shot dickson sit at he desk when Matt enter . when he see Matt , he face break into a broad , pleasant smile . dickson ( grandly ) well , Matt , get ready for the big moment . start tomorrow you become assistant cashier . how 's that ? Matt cross to the desk as dickson be speak . 102 . close shot at desk as Matt stop in front of dickson . Matt can not share dickson 's enthusiasm . the scene he just witness have take the joy out of everything . matt it 's all right . thanks . dickson and what 's more , keep up the good work and who know - some day you will be the fellow sit behind that desk . . . ( the idea please he ) not a bad think , eh ? he suddenly notice Matt 's lack of enthusiasm . 103 . close shot of the two shoot toward dickson . he lean forward to look at Matt closely : dickson what 's the matter ? you do not seem very excited about it . matt ( feebly ) sure , I think it 's swell . dickson ( scrutinize he closely , very much hurt ) say , come on . show a little enthusiasm . what 's the matter ? be you sick or something ? go on , fake it - even if it be not real . 104 . close shot - matt shoot past dickson . Matt make a attempt to snap out of it - and answer quickly . ? 138 ? matt aw , I be sorry , Mr. dickson . it 's just kind of sudden , that 's all . ( work up a little enthusiasm ) sure , I be excited . I think it 's great . only , well , you have do so much for I already . . . I will never be able to thank you enough . 105 . medium shot dickson aw , go on , forget it . you come through , do not you ? that 's all I want . a lot of they do not think you would . you do not know how much satisfaction it 's be to I . it 's be swell . well , when be you and helen go to get marry ? matt well , i— dickson I suppose you want I to fix that up for you too , eh ? they be interrupt by the sudden appearance of Phyllis dickson . both man look up as she appear in the door . 106 . close shot - mrs . dickson as she stop in doorway . she glance fearfully , first at Matt and then at she husband , try to sense whether Matt have say anything . she be quickly assure by dickson 's affable greeting . 107 . mo . close shot as dickson come toward she , arm extend : dickson well , look who 's here ! hello , dear . mrs . dickson hello , darling . he kiss she . then throw he arm around she for a exaggerated " teddybear " hug . over dickson 's shoulder , Phyllis look gratefully at Matt . 108 . close shot - matt he return she glance . his eye be unable to disguise he contempt . 109 . mo . close shot dickson and Phyllis . he release she . dickson if this be not a red-letter day for Tom dickson ! first I trample on the board of director , then I promote Matt here to assistant cashier , and now to complete the day I have a visit from my sweet and lovely and gorgeous wife . what a man , what a man ! mrs . dickson ( with a half - smile ) it 's amazing that you sweet , lovely , gorgeous wife can ever get to see you . ? 139 ? dickson oooh ! that have the earmark ! he notice Matt , still stand there , uncomfortably . dickson ( good-naturedly ) be you still here ? go on - go to work ! what do you think I pay you for ? Matt exit . CUT to : 110 . int . ante room of dickson' private office - medium shot as Matt come out and move quickly forward as if anxious to get away from the embarrassing situation he find himself in . helen , upon see he , jump up . helen ( excitedly ) what happen ? what do he say ? do you get the job ? matt ( dolefully ) yeah . 111 . close two shot she be perplex by he unenthusiastic attitude . helen what 's the matter , Matt ? gee , I think you would be thrilled to death . matt come here . ( he take she aside ) you know , a few minute ago I be in cluett 's office and Mrs. dickson be there . helen well . . . ? matt well , he be make love to she . helen , although she have a vague suspicion , be shocked . helen ( after a pause ) oh Matt , you must be mistaken . matt I tell you , I see they ! helen stare at he , horrify . helen in cluett 's office ? matt yes , right in he office , the rat . I would like to take a crack at that guy . ? 140 ? a telephone ring . helen ( as she go to answer the phone ) wait a minute . now do not go away . . . CUT to : 112 . int . dickson' private office - mo . close shot dickson be seat with Mrs. dickson on the arm of the chair . dickson ( talk on the phone , as Mrs dickson wait patiently ) yes George . . . yes , sure . . . oh , that 's for tonight , eh ? . . . yes , certainly , I will be there . . . yes , we will go down together and have dinner in Philadelphia . . . Mrs. dickson get so upset . . . that 's right . . . . yeah . . . . just as soon as the bank close . . . . right. . . . Goodbye . . . . he punch the intercom , speak to helen in the outer office . helen' voice yes ? dickson helen , I be go to Philadelphia , just as soon as the bank close . make all the arrangement , will you ? helen' voice yes , sir . Mrs. dickson look visibly upset . dickson can not help but notice . dickson what 's the matter dear ? what have I do now ? mrs . dickson nothing . Tom , I think you be go out with I tonight . dickson oh , I do have a date with you tonight , do not I ? mrs . dickson yes . dickson I be terribly sorry . I would forget all about you . I be so sorry , dear . 113 . close shot of the two favore Phyllis dickson . mrs . dickson now Tom , you simply cannot go to Philadelphia tonight . that 's all there be to it . dickson but I have to go , dear . it 's a very important banker 's meeting . ? 141 ? mrs . dickson ( interrupt ) I do not care whether it 's important or not . you say you be go out with I , and if you have not promise so faithfully , I would not have go and plan the whole thing . dickson listen , it be not so terribly important . we can go to the theatre any time . mrs . dickson the theatre ? 114 . mo . close shot dickson that 's what it be you plan , be not it ? mrs . dickson ( after a slight hesitation ) yes , of course . dickson you can take some of the girl . you can take mild - or gwynn— mrs . dickson the girl ! I do not suppose it ever occur to you that I might go out and find myself a attractive young man . . . 115 . close shot of the two shoot toward dickson , as he laugh boisterously . dickson Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! mrs . dickson Ho , ho , ho , yourself ! I would not laugh if I be you . you may not suspect it , but I be still attractive - to some . dickson listen , do not go around be attractive to anyone but I . . . mrs . dickson well . . . dickson do not you forget that I be still the head man around here too . now we will get the ticket change for tomorrow night . you and I be go out together . how 's that ? mrs . dickson tomorrow night ? a buzzer sound , and a visitor be announce on the intercom . dickson yes ? ? 142 ? voice Mr. gardner 's here . dickson ( answer the intercom ) oh , yes . that 's that lawyer . all right , let he have nine thousand . ( return attention to he wife ) yes sir , I will step you around this town like you have never step before . we will have dinner at the St. regis - then we will go to a nice , snappy show - then a nightclub - we will listen to soft music , and who know ? ha ! - I might break down and dance with you ! mrs . dickson ( still skeptical ) all right . I will postpone the whole thing until tomorrow night . dickson ( assuringly ) happy now ? mrs . dickson ( mock -pout ) no . 116 . medium shot he take she in he arm and kiss she . dickson ( tenderly ) poor kid , you know , I have be neglect you . mrs . dickson oh , I do not care , darling . I love you , anyway . a buzzer sound again , and dickson answer the intercom . dickson yes ? helen' voice Mr. sampson . . . dickson all right . send he in . there be a knock on the door . dickson move away from he wife . he look toward the door . 117 . close shot at door sampson , a executive in the bank , enter . sampson go to dickson with some papers in he hand . he lay the papers on the desk before dickson . dickson well , sampson , what be it ? sampson here 's the data on the clyde deal . ? 143 ? 118 . close shot at desk dickson be all absorb . dickson good . I will take this along with I . tell clyde I will see he tomorrow . I be sick and tired of the delay . sampson I be afraid he 's be stalling . dickson that 's just exactly what he have be do . this deal should have be close week ago . tell he to keep tomorrow open . . . sampson he say he can not get away in the daytime . dickson how about he night ? he 's too busy run around . tell he to keep tomorrow night open , come in and sign this thing , or I will call this whole deal off . sampson yes , sir . 120 . closeup - phyllis dickson she stand by a window , listen . there be despair in she look as she hear he make arrangement for tomorrow night . dickson 's voice come over this shot : dickson' voice I be sick and tired of this people dilly - dally . people who can not make up they mind . . . Mrs. dickson 's eye close hopelessly , and she feel defeat . again shut out from he scheme of thing , she realize he be incurable . on this picture of resignation : fade out : fade in insert : clock over the vault , read 5:07 camera pan down to open vault . 121 . int . vault - mo . shot Inside , several of the teller be put they cash away . one of they be just enter with he truck . matt everybody in ? teller I guess so . matt where 's Charlie ? ? 144 ? teller ( amused ) Charlie 's upstairs as sore as a pup . he 's out fourteen cent , and he can not find it . ad - lib voice good night . good night , Matt . CUT to : 122 . outside of vault - mo . close shot cyril cluett be stand at the bottom of a spiral staircase from which he have just descend . he stop a second and watch Matt , off scene . cluett have glove on , he hat in he hand , preparatory to go home . Matt do not see Charlie . CUT to : 123 . outside of the vault - close shot Matt and helen stand near the vault door . helen what 's keep you ? matt oh , Charlie again . helen say Matt , you have not do anything about what you see today , have you ? matt ( still upset ) who ? cluett ? no , not yet . but I would like to take a crack at that stiff - neck , horse dollar . [ 6 ] helen oh now , do not be silly . matt ( disgust ) can you imagine that guy ? he be kissing she . helen now you have get I worried , dear . ( she kiss he ) promise I you will not butt in . matt okay , honey - but just the same I would like to take a crack at that '' she put she hand over she mouth : helen shh . . . ! ( whisper ) I will wait for you upstairs . matt all right , dear . she leave . Matt remain stand , a far-away look in he eye . it be obvious he be think about the thing seriously . ? 145 ? 124 . medium shot the boy who be inside the vault now file out , have properly lock away they cash . at the same time , Charlie wheel in he truck . matt ( kid he ) where you be ? charlie ( annoyed ) where do you think I have be ? ( point to truck ) I take the baby for a stroll in the park . the man hurry out of sight , laugh . Charlie disappear into the vault . Matt enter the vault , he mind still preoccupy . 125 . interior vault mo . shot as Matt go directly to the burglar alarm . insert : burglar alarm as Matt 's hand come into scene and throw the switch down toward sign read on . back to scene : Matt start to the vault door : matt what 's the matter , Charlie ? charlie I be fourteen cent out , and it take I half a hour to find the mistake . and I with a date , too . matt I remember once when you account check . charlie yeah . Matt go to the time clock to check it up . he tinker with it a moment . CUT to : 126 . outside of vault - mo . close shot Matt have just finish adjust the time clock as Charlie come out of the vault . matt ( point to time clock ) and listen , wise guy - I be set friend time clock for exactly nine o'clock , so no squawk out of you guy in the morning . charlie ( as he exit ) say , do not annoy I . I get trouble of my own . Matt smile . he start to shut the vault . he have it swinging half - way around when cluett enter . when Matt see cluett , the smile die on he lip . ? 146 ? cluett be the payroll ready for tomorrow ? matt yes , sir . cluett ( peremptorily ) let I see you cash book , will you ? matt now ? cluett yes , now . Matt look at he a moment antagonistically . he have half a mind to talk to he right now , but he recall helen 's admonition and think better of it . matt all right , sir . he exit into vault . the moment he be go , cluett cross quickly to the time clock . insert : time clock as cluett 's glove hand come in and turn the indicator back to 12 o'clock . 127 . interior vault - mo . close shot Matt have open a compartment and have bring out several sheet of paper . he go through they to find the one he want . insert : time clock cluett 's hand be see throw the switch up to indicator read off . back to scene : as Matt come up to cluett with a cash report . cluett glance over it . cluett ( return sheet ) that 's all right . but it seem to I you be carry too much cash . he exit . Matt glare belligerently at he . camera pan with he as he return the paper to compartment . he lock the compartment door , switch off the light in vault and camera pan with he as he start out of the vault . as he swing the large vault door close , fade out : fade in 128 . ext . sidewalk in front of apt . house - night - mo . shot as a cab drive up to curb in the middle of a downpour , and stop . 129 . int . taxicab - close shot - cluett and mrs . dickson they be in evening clothes , apparently they have some drink , as phyllis be in a gay , frivolous mood . ? 147 ? cluett ( to driver ) Driver ? driver' voice yes . cluett have you the correct time ? driver' voice 12:05 . cluett 12:05 . Fine . mrs . dickson ( look out ) what 's this ? cluett my apartment . mrs . dickson ( mock -melodramatic ) I know I could not trust you . you tell I you be take I home . cluett come on up for just a few minute . we will have just one drink , then we will go . mrs . dickson ( definitely ) no . I know the answer to that one . ( shaking she head ) I think you would better take I home . cluett what 's the matter ? afraid papa will spank ? 130 . closer shot on the two mrs . dickson no . no , I be afraid papa be not that much interested . he 's too busy rush off to Philadelphia to make stuffy , old speech at stuffy , old banker ' meeting . too busy close big , important deal '' ( on second think ) I think I will have a drink . cluett good for you . come on . lap dissolve to : 131 . int . corridor outside cluett' apt . - mo . close shot cluett and Mrs. dickson emerge from the elevator and cross to he apartment , camera following they . cluett fumble in he pocket for the key . ? 148 ? mrs . dickson you know , there ought to be a congressional Medal for man like you . America 's comfort to misunderstand wife . I never think I would find myself in that class . cluett oh , you be not so badly off . there 's something much worse than be a misunderstand wife . mrs . dickson what be that , Mr. Bones ? [ 7 ] cluett a misunderstand bachelor . cluett smile . he have the door open by now and stand aside to permit she to enter . CUT to : 132 . int . cluett' apartment - mo . close shot at door . Phyllis dickson have just step in , and cluett follow . he close the door and lock it . cluett ( mock -melodramatic ) and now fair woman , I have you in my power . mrs . dickson ( play along ) I be not afraid of you . you have not get a moustache ! cluett I will grow a moustache by the time you get out of here . camera truck with they as he chase she into the next room . she alight on a piano bench , and run she finger up and down the scale . suddenly cluett stop . he stare off , a look of amazement in he face . Mrs. dickson turn and follow he gaze and she , too , be startle . camera pan quickly over to the other side of the room . Matt sit on the edge of a chair wait for they . he rise , look off toward cluett and Mrs. dickson . as he start forward , camera pan back to cluett and Phyllis . mrs . dickson why , Matt ! cluett ( when he recover from he surprise ) what be you do here ? Matt enter the scene . matt the butler say I could stay . I tell he it be important . cluett oh , yeah ? ? 149 ? cluett step over to a bell cord and pull it . matt he 's not here . he leave at nine o'clock . he say you give he the night off . cluett wheel around , infuriate . cluett what do you want ? 133 . close shot of the two favore matt. matt ( uncomfortably ) well , I think I would like to have a little talk with you . cluett ( sharply ) I be listen . matt ( hesitatingly ) it 's funny - now that I be here , I do not know just how to go about it . ( a glance toward Mrs. dickson ) you see , I kind of expect to find you here alone . as cluett start away : matt do you mind step outside ? we could talk— 134 . medium shot cluett cross to the door , where he stand , ready to open it . Mrs. dickson stand by helplessly . cluett ( a tone of dismissal ) anything you have to say to I , you can say in the morning . matt oh no , Mr. cluett , if it 's all the same to you , I would rather not wait . it 's about you and Mrs. dickson . cluett release he hold on the doorknob . Mrs. dickson look at Matt uneasily - she be quickly sober . cluett ( aghast ) about I and . . . he cross slowly toward Matt . phyllis why Matt , what be you talk about ? ? 150 ? 135 . closer shot of the three matt ( quickly ) I know I have get a lot of nerve but in like this , but I just could not help it . I think I could stop two people from do something they would be sorry for . cluett ( livid ) I be not interested in what you think . matt you have no right to do this to she , Mr. cluett . why do not you think it over ? it 's only gonna get you into a lot of trouble . cluett I tell you , I be not interested in you opinion . matt ( turn to Phyllis ) no ? then maybe you will understand , Mrs. dickson . oh , gee , he 's crazy about you . nobody know it better than you . if he ever find out , it will kill he . mrs . dickson but Matt , you be mistaken about the whole thing . there be not anything wrong . Mr. cluett and I simply come here '' 136 . close shot - matt &amp ; cluett shoot toward Matt . cluett ( to Phyllis ) Phyllis , you do not have to explain anything . ( snappily , to Matt ) you would do well to mind you own business . matt ( wheeling on he ) this be my business . Mr. dickson 's be like a father to I . ( he voice rise ) what have he ever do to you to deserve a deal like this ? cluett ( livid ) that will be just about enough ! now get out of here ! matt I guess I have say enough ( bitterly ) I be just waste my breath talk to you . 137 . wider angle take in Mrs. dickson , who stand slightly apart from the two man . ? 151 ? cluett you be right for the first time . now get out ! Matt ignore cluett and look toward phyllis dickson . matt I be appeal to you , Mrs. dickson . think what you be do to he . you be pass up the whitest man on earth— ( flaring up ) —for a dirty , no-good . before he finish the sentence , cluett punch he . Matt , catch unawares , be throw off balance and send reeling . he drop between two chair . now , livid with rage , he pull himself up , murder in he eye . cluett cross quickly to a desk near the door , open a drawer and extract a revolver . mrs . dickson ( frighten - cry out ) cyril ! Matt , who be start toward cluett , stop in he track upon see the gun . 138 . close shot shoot toward cluett . cluett ( under he breath ) now get out of here ! camera pan with matt to the door . mrs . dickson' voice wait a minute , Matt ! Matt turn as she enter the scene . mrs . dickson I will go with you . cluett' voice but phyllis ! Mrs. dickson step closer to Matt 's side . cluett come up to they . cluett you need not go on account of this idiot . Matt have open the door . matt ( quietly ) you better carry that around with you all the time - you be go to need it . Matt follow Mrs. dickson out , leave cluett glaring after they . 139 . int . of bank - night a series of quick vignettes : cluett 's watch , show 12:07 . ? 152 ? a wall clock , show 12:07 . a night watchman , alert by suspicious noise , creep up to the vault . the night watchman , shot by figure in the shadow . a small number of man rush out of the vault , clutching money bag and tote gun . the night watchman , get off a shot , before he crumple to the floor . fade out : fade in 140 . int . vault room of bank - closeup on door the vault door , partly open . over the shot we hear excited murmur . camera start trucking back slowly , until it take in the full room . a fingerprint expert be work on the time clock for finger - print impression . the medical examiner bend over the body of the watchman , whose face be cover with a cloth . a detective in charge of the proceedings stand around , look very officious . detective what do you say , Doc ? doctor oh , I would say about eight or nine hour . detective well , you would better call the coroner . camera continue trucking back , until it pass a group of teller and clerk in a huddle . they listen breathlessly as oscar , the youngest of the teller , relate he story . for the moment he be the center of attraction , and he revel in it . oscar ( breathlessly ) I be the first one to see it . I be come down the stair , and there be the dead watchman at my foot . you coulda knock I over with a pin . ad - lib from listener ( murmure ) gee . . . can you imagine . . . oscar do you see that clock ? right there . that 's where the bullet hit . when I see that , you coulda knock I over with a pin . clerk be there much blood ? oscar blood ! ( gesture toward body ) come on over fella . I will show you . the clerk head toward the dead body , but be intercept by the officious detective . ? 153 ? detective ( officiously ) get back there . I do not want anything touch until the Inspector get here . the clerk , awe -stricken , retreat . charlie ( run up ) oscar , what 's the matter ? oscar I be the first one to see it . I be come down the stair , and there be the watchman lie dead at my foot . charlie no kid ? oscar no kid . when I see it , you coulda knock I over with a pin . charlie where 's Matt ? oscar Matt ? charlie yeah . he will have a tough time think up a wise - crack for this one . . . oscar the detective get Matt up there in sampson 's office . charlie he have ? oscar yeah . clerk say , do Matt do it ? oscar do not look at I . I do not know . teller say , he do look kinda funny yesterday , do not you notice it ? other yeah , he do . I notice it too . oscar you coulda knock I over with a pin ! CUT to : 141 . int . sampson' office - closeup - matte frightened face he sit in a chair . the side of he face be swollen from cyril cluett 's punch of the night before . ? 154 ? inspector' voice ( like a tri-hammer ) come on , come on . you might as well tell I the truth . what do you do with the money ? matt I do not do it . I tell you all I know , Inspector . camera truck back revealing the other occupant of the room . the Inspector lean over Matt , fire question at he . two detective be also there , one at the door , the other near Matt . helen stand in a corner , pale and fearful , look on . inspector you turn off the burglar alarm , you set the time clock , come back at twelve and emptied the box , do not you ? matt ( rise in indignation ) I be not anywhere near this place— inspector ( shove he back down ) sit down ! when the watchman surprised you , you shot he - what would you do with the gun ? matt ( desperately ) I do not do it ! I have not get a gun ! inspector you use to carry a gun , do not you ? 142 . medium shot sampson enter hesitantly . sampson pardon I , but I would like to use my office for awhile ! inspector ( bellow ) you use some other office ! sampson exit scene hurriedly . CUT to : 143 . int . lobby of bank at entrance - mo . close shot the doorman , gardiner , stand at the door , block a milling crowd , as dickson , who apparently have already hear the news , enter . people come on , open up ! dickson good morning , everybody . what 's the matter here ? open up the door . come on , open this door . gardiner shall we let the people come in ? ? 155 ? dickson ( snappily ) of course , let they in ! you be late now . camera truck with dickson as he proceed toward interior of bank . helen rush into the scene and up to he . camera stop . helen oh , Mr. dickson - they be go to arrest Matt . they think he do it ! dickson where be he now ? helen in Mr. sampson 's office . dickson now do not you worry about it . he cross in that direction , follow by helen . CUT to : 143 . int . ante room of cluett' office - mo . shot cluett come out of he office , look around cautiously and satisfied he be unobserve , walk toward front door of bank . camera pan over to a corner of the ante room . detective # 3 be watch cluett . as cluett leave , the detective follow . 144 . int . sampson' office - mo . shot Matt be still seat , with the detective grill he . inspector then you do it and you do it alone— dickson enter . dickson ( to Matt ) what 's the matter ? what 's go on here ? ( to the Inspector ) this be ridiculous ! you can not hold this boy on a vague suspicion . 145 . closer shot of the group inspector I be afraid I must , Mr. dickson . dickson why pick on he ? inspector it 's a inside job . that 's a cinch . whoever do it have a pretty good picture of the layout . now Brown , here , be in charge of the vault , be not he ? dickson yes . ? 156 ? 146 . closeup - matt over which come Inspector 's voice as he continue : inspector' voice the burglar alarm be turn off . the time clock be set for 12 o'clock . what more do you want ? dickson' voice somebody else could have do it , could not they ? inspector' voice he admit that he set the clock himself . Matt look up toward inspector . matt I do . I set it for nine o'clock this morning . 147 . mo . close shot - group as the Inspector turn to Matt : inspector then who change it ? matt ( helplessly ) I do not know . dickson wait a minute . wait a minute . the Inspector turn back to dickson . dickson what time do this thing happen ? inspector the clock opposite the vault be stop by a bullet at 12:09 . dickson all right . if the boy prove a alibi , he 's all right , be not he ? inspector if he can do it , yes . dickson why , certainly he can . ( to Matt ) Matt , now all you have get to do be tell they where you be last night , between twelve and twelve - thirty , and everything will be all right . matt ( averting dickson 's gaze ) I already tell he I be home . dickson ( to Inspector ) there you be . ? 157 ? inspector that 's what he say . I get a man from headquarters check up on it now . dickson ( confidently ) good . ( to Matt , smile ) you have get nothing to worry about . soon as the report come in , you will be release . ( to Inspector ) and listen , do not talk so loud . take it easy . Coast a little . he exit scene . 148 . int . the lobby of the bank - full shot show the normal activity of the bank in contrast to the turmoil go on inside . just a few people scattered about . camera truck towards the other end of the lobby , establish the calm and peace of the place along the way . camera stop on a close shot at the bank telephone operator at the switchboard . oscar , the young teller , be relate he story for the hundredth time . oscar gee , what do you think ? there be that watchman , that poor watchman , lie on the floor right in front of I . oh , you coulda knock I over with a pin ! operator ( wide - eye ) you do not say ! Dead ? oscar Dead ? he be lifeless ! you know , I be the first one to see he . I be come down the stair , and there be the watchman lie on the floor , right in front of I . Dead ! I tell you , you coulda knock '' operator ( interrupt ) yeah , I coulda knock you over with a pin . oscar yeah , you coulda— ( realize he be get the brush - off ) oh - almond to you ! almond ! oscar exit scene . the operator turn she attention to the switch - board , apparently oscar have interrupt a conversation she have be have . operator hello , mame . this be gert , again— ( pause ) say , listen - I just hear something that will make you head swim . . . listen to this . . . yeah , the bank be rob last night . yeah , over a hundred thousand dollar . ? 158 ? 149 . another switchboard operator - close shot mame ( into phone ) who do it ? gert I do not know who do it , but the chief teller 's in a awful jam . mame call I up later . I be go to call up Lou now . she pull the plug , plug in another wire . mame hello , Lou . do you hear what happen over at the Union National Bank ? ( a light flash ) wait a minute , Lou . ( plug in wire ) hello ? yes , sir . I be try to get they . ( pull plug ) yes , Lou , listen . they be rob over two hundred thousand dollar . can you beat that ? lap dissolve to : 150 . ext . front of a office bldg . - mo . shot two man come out of the building , engross in conversation . man stole over a quarter of a million . can you beat that ? the other man whistle in surprise . 2 nd man ( whistling ) whew ! you can not laugh that off . several people in the crowd , overhear they , turn and stare . lap dissolve to : 151 . ext . a STREET corner - mo . close shot of a old lady , pitiful expression , begging alm . two gentleman be beside she . one of they reach in he pocket for a coin . 3rd man I think the Union National be pretty solid . at the mention of the Union National , the old lady look up , startle . 4 th man I do too . 3rd man half a million be a lot of money . I would not be surprised if they have to close they door . ? 159 ? the first man drop a coin in the old lady 's palm and they leave . the beggar woman , oblivious of the coin in she hand , stare unbely , at the depart man . suddenly she face screw up in horror . old lady oh , good gracious ! she dash out of scene . lap dissolve to : 152 . ext . a bootblack stand - medium shot a color bootblack be brush the coat of a customer . man sammy , be you sure about that ? SAM ( emphatically ) yes , suh ! that messenga boy just tol ' I that Mr. dickson take it all hisself . and it be more than a million dollar . man more than a million dollar ? SAM ( breathlessly ) Cross my heart . and I sure hope that man get a long time in jail , too ! man never mind my shoe , Sam . he hastily exit scene . lap dissolve to : 153 . int . a barber shop - mo . close shot take in two chair . the man on the right , be shave , be in conversation with the barber . customer well , I always say the Union National be a phony bank . the second customer sit straight up in he chair . another customer Union National ? barber with french accent you have money in that bank , too ? second customer yes . something wrong ? barber with french accent ( hysterical ) mon dieu , mon dieu ! run , run ! second customer dash out of scene . ? 160 ? lap dissolve to : 154 . int . a bar - mo . close shot two man be in conversation . another man be alone . one of the two man hold the conversation be the man of the bootblack episode . man ( of bootblack episode ) I tell you , I get it from the best authority . dickson get away with several million dollar . 155 . close shot - 3rd man he be just reach for he glass , and start to lift it to he lip when another man 's voice come into scene . 2 nd man' voice Boy , that 's the end of the Union National Bank . that 's the trouble nowadays . you do not know who you can trust . man you say it . the third man drop the glass and turn toward the two , panic-stricken . 156 . mo . close shot of the three 3rd man say , be there something wrong with the Union National Bank ? 2 nd man something wrong ? brother , that be not the half of it ! man if you have get any money in there , you can just kiss it goodbye . 3rd man ( throatily ) naw , you be kid '' man no , I be not . 3rd man Holy smoke ! he rush out of the scene . the other two stare after he . 2 nd man ( over-his -shoulder , to third man ) if you have get any friend , you would better call they up too . man that 's a good idea . I have friend of my own . he dash out of scene . ? 161 ? 2 nd man ( turn to bartender , who have be eavesdropp with interest ) imagine that ! bartender what bank do you say that be ? 2 nd man Union National Bank . they be break . have not get a dime . . . lap dissolve to : 157 . phone montage Quick cut of excited phone conversation . man ( into phone ) listen , Jack , go down to the Union National and take you money out of there . do not ask I how I know . I tell you it 's on the rock . if you have get any friend , you would better tell they too . another man ( into phone ) better give all the man in you plant a couple of hour off to get they money out '' woman ( into phone ) tell Mrs. hardy to tell everybody in the apartment house tough guy ( into phone ) all right . I will get it or bust a few nose ! another man ( into phone ) Holy smoke ! I will get right down there if I have to fly ! another woman ( into phone ) run down there and get you money at once ! ad - lib voice ( quick cut - a rise tide - different language ) hello , dear . . . hurry ! . . . Union National be sink ! . . . I tell you to put it in the vault . . . I do not know what 's wrong with the bank . . . I would not trust anybody . . . everybody 's take they money out . . . Union National 's break . . . why take any chance ? . . . hurry ! call the other ! etc . lap dissolve to : 158 . int . lobby of the bank - full shot show in comparison to previous shot , the effect of the rumor . the lobby be buzzing with activity . line form in front of all the window . depositor crowd around the write table . there be not ? 162 ? enough pen to go around . frantic hand reach over shoulder for withdrawal blank . camera move forward . over the shot be hear the seethe blend of many voice . camera stop on a teller and a man . teller close you account ? man yes , sir . I be close my account . I would not leave a nickel in this bank . camera stop on a 2nd man talk to a woman . 2 nd man it 's get so a man 's money be not safe unless it 's in he sock . woman they be all a bunch of crook . 2nd man you say it . camera stop on jewish man talk to a 4th man stand next to he . jewish man say , do I know the bank be go to go caflooey ? what be I - a fortune teller or something ? camera stop on a mo . close shot of Molly ( the Zasu pitt type ) . she be reach over a man 's shoulder to capture a withdrawal blank . molly ( flutter ) oh , my goodness ! oh , my goodness ! oh , my goodness ! man what 's the matter , lady ? molly oh , mister , I gotta ! I gotta ! man well , they only sign slip here . molly gimme you pen , please ! she grab pen away from he . he turn to someone next to he . man will you loan I that pen of yours ? I be in a awful hurry . camera move on to a close shot of a teller frantically beckone sampson . ? 163 ? teller I need some more money ! all of the depositor be withdraw . sampson I know , I know . I will get you some . he hurriedly exit scene . CUT to : 159 . int . sampson' office - mo . shot Inspector be still hold he ground . Matt sit dejectedly in the same place as before . inspector ( to dickson ) all I know be the bank 's be rob and a murder 's be commit . the way I see it , Brown here look guilty . 160 . closer shot on group dickson what be you talk about ? he have no more to do with it than you do . inspector maybe . but I be take no chance . ( emphatically ) why , this kid 's get a record . dickson so have you . so have I . so 's everybody get a record . what difference do that make ? you can not go around pin crime on people just because they '' he be interrupt by the sound of the door open . he look off toward door . 161 . close shot at door sampson stand there , look off toward the group . sampson Mr. dickson ! can I see you for a minute ? dickson' voice no , I be busy . see I later . sampson but this be important , Mr. dickson . look like there 's a run on the bank . 162 . mo . close shot dickson and the other . dickson look off at sampson , unbelievingly : dickson what ? a run on the bank ! camera pan with he as he rush over to the door to sampson . ? 164 ? sampson the lobby 's half fill now . dickson what be you talk about ? dickson go out the door , follow by sampson . 163 . outer office of bank - mo . close shot as sampson and dickson come into the scene . sampson ( point in front of he ) look ! dickson look in the direction in which sampson point . CUT to : 164 . int . lobby of bank - long shot from dickson 's angle . this shot take in the length of the bank . clerk , bookkeeper , stenographer in the f.g. , the lobby in the b.g . it seem a little more crowded than in previous shot . CUT back to : 164 . outer office of bank - mo . close shot sampson and dickson . dickson 's face cloud . sampson they have be come in steady all morning . I have call for some extra police . dickson ( he eye glue on the crowd ) all right . send down to the vault and have we reserve cash send up here right away . sampson we have not much on hand , you know . if it get any worse , I hope we do not have to close the door . 165 . close shot favore dickson . he turn to sampson . dickson ( flaring up ) the bank 's reputation would not be worth a nickel after that . this be just a flurry , that 's all . they have hear about the robbery and get panic-stricken . listen , get ahold of we available security and have they turn into cash . wait a minute . get my personal stuff and have that turn into cash too . tell the boy anyone catch argue with a depositor will be fire on the spot . sampson yes , sir . ? 165 ? 166 . medium shot as sampson leave . dickson start out in the direction of sampson 's office . he be stop by he name be call : clark Mr. dickson ! dickson turn . Clark and several director appear . clark ( grimly ) we want to talk to you . dickson what about ? clark we will discuss that in the board room . he turn to follow , then be stop by another voice . detective oh , Mr. dickson ! we get a check on Brown 's alibi . do you want to hear it ? dickson ( only a slight hesitation ) all right . ( to Clark ) I will be with you in a minute , Clark . CUT to : 167 . int . sampson' office - mo . close shot dickson be by Matt 's side . the Inspector be also in scene . dickson put a hand on Matt 's shoulder . dickson now do not worry , son . all you get to do be answer the question they ask you , that 's all . camera pan to the door as it open and a detective enter , beckon to the Inspector off scene . 168 . medium shot as the Inspector cross to the new arrival , who whisper something in he ear . the other in the room watch they , interested . the Inspector whisper instruction to the detective , who leave . the Inspector then cross slowly to Matt . 169 . mo . close shot as the Inspector come up to the group around Matt . inspector ( carelessly ) so you be home last night ? matt ( averting he gaze ) yes . inspector what time do you get in ? ? 166 ? matt ( haltingly ) well , about - uh - eleven o'clock . inspector eleven o'clock , eh ? be you sure it be that ? matt yes . the Inspector turn away and camera pan with the Inspector as he cross quickly to the door and beckon to the detective outside . inspector all right , Kelley . Kelley return to the room accompany by a little old irish woman . she look around the room nervously . Inspector lead she toward Matt . 170 . mo . shot of group as everyone stare at she curiously . inspector ( indicate Matt ) do you know this young man , Mrs. halligan ? mrs . halligan sure I do . he have the best room in I house . the one with the fancy wallpaper . 171 . closeup - matt he feel himself cornere . the Inspector 's voice come over the shot . inspector' voice do you happen to be awake when he come in last night ? mrs . halligan yes , sir . I be have I hot mustard bath . inspector what time be it ? 172 . mo . closeup - group as Mrs. halligan continue . mrs . halligan —for the rheumatism , you know . inspector what time be it , Mrs. halligan ? mrs . halligan it be late , I know . the dooley sister be already in . they work at a show , you know . the Inspector be get impatient . inspector what time be it ? ? 167 ? mrs . halligan huh ? inspector what time do Matt Brown get in ? mrs . halligan now , let I see - a half hour after the dooley sister - and the dooley sister never get home until after '' inspector ( snappily ) I do not care about the dooley sister - what time do he get in ? mrs . halligan that 's just what I be try to tell you , sir . it be a half hour after the dooley sister . . . inspector be it twelve o'clock ? 173 . mo . close shot dickson , Matt , and the rest of the group . some show they amusement . dickson and Matt , however , be serious . Mrs. halligan 's voice come into scene . mrs . halligan no , it be not twelve - ' cause the dooley sister . . . inspector' voice ( interrupt she quickly ) be it one o'clock ? 174 . close shot Inspector and Mrs. halligan . mrs . halligan yes , I guess it be one , ' cause . . . inspector ( jump she ) it could not have be earlier ? mrs . halligan no . it be not earlier because . . . inspector yes , I know . Cause the dooley sister be not in yet . mrs . halligan ( firmly ) no - because I clock strike four , and when it strike four , it 's one . inspector ( exasperate ) there you be ! 175 . medium shot Matt speak : ? 168 ? matt aw , she do not know what she 's talk about . Mrs. halligan look at he , offended . mrs . halligan who do not know ? she come toward he threateningly . mrs . halligan listen here , young man - nobody ever call I a liar yet and get away with it '' inspector ( come after she , take she arm ) that 's all , Mrs. halligan . thanks . Inspector lead she to the door . on the way Mrs. halligan continue to mumble she protest against Matt 's insult . mrs . halligan for two nickel I would knock he block off . I never tell a lie in I life . she exit out of room . 176 . mo . close shot as dickson step closer to Matt . dickson ( heartsick ) be that true , Matt ? Inspector come up to they now . inspector of course it 's true - and he know it . dickson ( tenderly ) listen , Matt . if you do not tell the truth , I can not help you . where be you last night ? matt ( after a pause ) aw , she be right . I do not get in till after one o'clock . dickson be deeply disappointed . matt ( quickly - appealingly ) but I be not here , Mr. dickson . honest I be not . . . the Inspector bark at Matt : inspector then where be you ? 177 . close shot favore dickson as he lean closer to Matt . ? 169 ? dickson ( to Inspector ) wait a minute . wait a minute . ( to Matt ) Matt , do you realize you be up against something ? you be be charge with murder . it 's serious , son . now come on , I know you do not do it . ( gesture toward Inspector ) but we have get to make they believe it . come on , tell the truth , where be you last night ? matt ( doggedly ) I can not tell you . Matt maintain a determine silence . dickson ( get a idea ) listen , if I get they out of the room , will you tell I ? Matt look at he . dickson be the only person he cannot tell he secret to . matt no. I will not . dickson you be protect somebody . matt no , I be not Mr. dickson ! dickson yes , you be . you be protect somebody . now listen , it do not make any difference who it be . it can not be as important as this . now come on , tell I . where be you last night ? ( a note of desperation ) come on , do not be a fool . Matt , you trust I , do not you ? no reply from Matt . dickson be heartsick . he turn , helplessly , away from Matt and walk out of sampson 's office . CUT to : 178 . int . the lobby of the bank - close shot of gert , the telephone operator . gert ( all excited - into phone ) what a day , mame ! everybody 's come in and draw they money out . ( innocently ) gee , mame - I wonder what start it . 179 . the lobby of the bank - long shot shout from the office . the lobby be now pack to the door with frantic depositor . the low grumble of before be now replace by ? 170 ? vociferous condemnation of the bank and dickson . individual protestation be hear above the din of the crowd . dickson enter scene , and camera truck ahead of he as he quickly pass several teller , give they instruction to pay the depositor without delay . sampson catch up with he . sampson look at they , Mr. dickson . they be go crazy . dickson do you get the case for the security ? sampson yes , sir . dickson mine too ? sampson yes , sir . but soon as we money run out , they will mob the place . dickson look off toward the crowd . dickson the fool ! if they only know it , they be make thing worse for themselves . somebody start a silly rumor , and they lose they head . sampson what will we do ? dickson I will talk to they . listen , go back and tell the boy to stall as much as possible . tell them not to pay any attention to what I say . tell them to verify every signature . he leave the scene as we CUT to : 180 . lobby of the bank - long shot take in a great portion of the lobby . dickson come into the scene in the b.g. and stand on the stair , look down at the crowd . he suddenly hold up he hand and shout : dickson take you time , folk . do not get excited . everybody stay in line . you will all be take care of . do not worry about anything . plenty of time for everything . he have to raise he voice even louder . dickson now listen , everybody ! listen to I ! gradually they attention be attract to he . all eye be turn in he direction . 181 . mo . close shot shoot toward dickson , past the crowd . ? 171 ? dickson stand on the stair . the people look up at he . dickson I want you to know that you money be safe . this bank be in excellent condition . if you have hear any report to the contrary , it 's base on malicious rumor . ad - lib from crowd yeah ? maybe . . . man it 's a lotta hooey ! we want we money ! dickson all right . you will get you money - every penny ! ad - lib from crowd we want it now ! we do not want no speech ! 182 . close shot - dickson as he address the crowd : dickson listen to I now . it take time . I have get seven pay teller work just as fast as they can . if you will all calm down , I be make arrangement to keep the door open until four o'clock this afternoon and you can be pay today . 183 . medium shot of the crowd as they cheer they approval and return to they buddy . 184 . mo . close shot as dickson start back toward the office , sampson come to meet he . sampson we can not keep open till four o'clock . we have not cash enough to last a hour . dickson do not you think I know it ? they both start walk toward dickson 's office - camera trucking with they . as they pass the conference room , schultz come out and stop dickson . schultz we be still wait for you , dickson . dickson look up , study schultz a moment , as if try to make up he mind whether to consult the board of director or not . CUT to : 185 . int . director ' room - mo . shot the door open and dickson enter , follow by schultz . they all look up . dickson go up to they . dickson well , gentleman , we have get about one more hour to go . you know what that mean ? ? 172 ? 186 . mo . close shot dickson and the director . dickson ( continue ) we will be force to shut the door . I have work twenty - five year night and day to keep this bank alive . you have all make money out of it . be you willing to help ? clark ( defiantly ) what do you mean , help ? dickson I know that among you , you have at least a million dollar in various bank throughout the city . get that money over here and I will stop this run within five minute . clark that sound very simple , dickson , but why should we jeopardize we personal fortune ? dickson I have everything I own in it . it 's you bank as well as mine , be not it ? 187 . close shot Clark and schultz . clark ( this be just what he 's be wait for ) oh , be it ? since when ? judge from the way you have ignore we , you would not think so . schultz we try to reason with you , but you would not listen to we . 188 . mo . close shot shoot toward dickson . clark the depositor you be protect be the first one to pounce on you . you think they be you friend . why do not you go out there now and try and get some help from they ? dickson aw , they have go crazy . you can not reason with a mob . 189 . closeup - clark clark no . you can not reason with anyone else when you be in a jam . we plead with you to keep liquid , but you would not listen to we . you preach to we about faith and a lot of other rubbish . now you want we help . you want we to throw a lot of cash into a bank that you have ? 173 ? wreck . all right . there 's one way you can get it . give we a option on you stock and resign as president . 190 . closeup - dickson dickson ( quietly - tense ) so , that 's it , eh ? you have wait a long time for this chance , have not you ? ( he voice rise ) well , I be not go to resign now - or ever . 191 . wider angle take in the other at the table . schultz you have no choice . dickson I have not ? I will shut the bank first . clark ( terrify ) say , you can not do that '' dickson I can not ? you just wait and see . if that run do not stop within the next hour , I will shut the door . you know what that mean ? the bank examiner will step in tomorrow . you will be force to liquidate . I will insist upon it . the depositor will be pay one hundred cent on the dollar . what 's leave you gentleman can have . but I will guarantee there will not be enough to pay you next month 's garage bill . with which ultimatum , he cross to the door and exit , camera panning with he . CUT to : 192 . int . outside conference room - mo . close shot as dickson barge out . he stop in front of the door , and look off toward lobby . 193 . int . lobby of bank - full shot pandemonium have break loose . Men and woman be hysterical . the police battle with recalcitrant depositor in a desperate effort to maintain order . strong man push weak one out of the line . Wild -ey woman jostle and scramble to get near the pay teller . sex and priority rights be totally disregarded . above it all the din be deafen . Men and woman be clamoring for they life 's savings , ready to commit murder to retrieve they little stake . CUT to : 194 . outside conference room - closeup - dickson his face cloud . as he stand there watch the chaos , slowly the deep concern vanish from he face and he jaw set in grim determination . he start toward the stair . ? 174 ? CUT to : 195 . entrance of bank - mo . close shot cyril cluett enter from outside , look guiltily around . then he start forward and exit from scene . the moment he be go , detective # 3 , who follow he out , appear in the doorway and cross in the direction take by cluett . CUT to : 196 . outside conference room - medium close shot dickson and sampson . sampson Mr. dickson ! Mr. dickson ! dickson get all the big bill in the place . take they out and get they change . get nothing but one and fives . distribute they among the teller . tell they to take they time . stall as much as possible . Count and recount the money . sampson yes , sir . dickson I hate to do this , but I have get to have time to dig up some help . I think I know where I can get some real cash . snap into it , sampson . we will lick this thing yet . he start out of scene towards he office . camera truck after he , as he cross past helen , talk without break stride . dickson come on in here , helen . bring you book . I want some number to try to get some action . get parker at the Union -leed - the Exchange . . . winslow and old man Harris at the Home mortgage . snap into it , helen . just as quick as you can . helen yes , sir . CUT to : 197 . int . lobby of bank - full shot pandemonium , din and increasingly hysterical , push crowd . CUT to : 198 . int . conference room - mo . close shot the director apparently be have a battle of they own . schultz look at that mob . they be go crazy . AMES you know , this run be not do the reputation of this bank any good . ives my dear friend '' ? 175 ? schultz ( interrupt ) how much longer be dickson go to hold out ? o'brien you know dickson as well as we do . he will shut the door before he give up control . clark all right , let he ! I be sick and tired of hearing about he . if he want to run the bank , let he do it . I do not want any part of it . ives my dear friend '' clark oh , shut up ! CUT to : 199 . somewhere back of tellers ' cage - medium close shot sampson frantically advise teller . sampson stall ! stall ! one teller face a angry depositor . teller er , be this you signature ? man certainly it 's my signature . you have see it often enough . teller I be sorry , but I will have to verify it . CUT to : 200 . int . dickson' private office - close shot - dickson seat at he desk , talk into the phone : dickson hello , parker . listen . listen , I have get to have a million dollar in cash , and I have get to have it quick . ( pause ) what ? ( pause ) no , no , no . tomorrow be no good . I need it now . ( pause ) of course it 's safe . why , the bank 's in excellent condition . you know that . CUT to : 201 . int . sampson' office - mo . shot the Inspector be make preparation to take Matt down to headquarters . ? 176 ? inspector you would better tell Mr. dickson we be take Matt Brown downtown . detective ( to 2nd detective ) be the chief 's car outside ? 2 nd detective yes , sir . inspector okay . come on son . let 's go . the detective take Matt 's arm and make he get up from the chair . helen rush into the room and into Matt 's arm . 202 . closer shot helen cling to Matt . helen ( sobbing ) oh , Matt . . . matt ( consol she ) do not cry , honey . everything 's gonna be all right . the detective touch she shoulder , tenderly . detective sorry , sister . helen do not move . she cling to Matt , sobbing violently . 203 . mo . close shot at door as detective # 3 enter the room . camera pan with he as he cross to the Inspector . inspector what do you find out , Mike ? mike I have be trail the cashier like you tell I . you be right about that guy , chief . there 's something screwy somewhere . inspector never mind all that . what do you find out ? mike he leave here about a hour ago and go down to dude finlay 's joint . inspector dude finlay ? mike yes , sir . ? 177 ? 204 . close shot - matt &amp ; helen helen slowly lift she head from Matt 's shoulder . her eye widen as she hear the name of dude finlay . Mike 's voice come over this shot . mike' voice he stay about half a hour , and then he come right back here . he 's in he office now . inspector ( slowly dawn realization ) that 's where I must have see that guy— helen start out of scene . 205 . medium shot as helen leave Matt 's side and cross to the Inspector and Mike . helen do you say dude finlay ? inspector yes , why ? helen he be in the bank yesterday . 206 . closer shot on the three inspector ( suddenly alert ) he be here ? helen he come to see Mr. cluett . inspector be you sure ? helen yes , sir . 207 . close shot - matt as he listen intently to helen and the Inspector . inspector' voice who be with he ? helen' voice two other man . they all go into Mr. cluett 's private office . inspector' voice ( pleased ) now we be beginning to get somewhere . 208 . mo . shot take in all the people in the room . the Inspector turn to the detective and speak quickly : inspector Kelly ! you stay here with Brown . ? 178 ? ( to Tim ) Tim , you and Mike come with I . we be go down to cluett 's office . he cross to the door , follow by Tim and Mike . 209 . mo . close shot at door as the Inspector turn back and call : inspector oh , Kelly - call I up in cluett 's office in about five minute . kelly voice what will I say ? inspector I do not care what you say . sing " mother machree " [ 8 ] if you want to , but call I up . Inspector , Tim and Mike go out . CUT to : 210 . int . lobby of bank - medium close shot on the elderly lady depositor and bank guard , among the milling crowd . guard ( above the din ) quiet down , please ! take it easy , folk . everything will be all right . lady ( to bank guard ) but you say it would be safe ! it 's he life insurance money . oh , please , I will go to the Old lady ' Home if you do not do something , please ! guard please , lady . please be quiet . everything will be all right . ( lead the old lady - push a path through the crowd ) open up here , folk . all right , folk , please ! CUT to : 211 . int . dickson' private office - close shot dickson seat at he desk , talk into the phone : dickson good heaven , man , you be take no chance . no , I be perfectly willing to sign everything over to you . what more do you want ? I need action . I have get to have it within the next half hour . ( pause ) yeah , sure - the board of director turn I down , but you know why . ( pause ) listen . listen , read it . it would not be a drop in the bucket to you . ? 179 ? ( pause ) I see . uh-huh . all right - ask I for a favor some time , will you ? he slam the phone down angrily . CUT to : 212 . int . cluett' private office - mo . close shot cluett sit at he desk . the Inspector stand in front of he . inspector ( very suave ) I hope you do not mind I ask you a few question , Mr. cluett . cluett of course , yes . just what would you like to know , Inspector ? inspector where be you at twelve o'clock last night ? cluett ( much relieved ) that 's very simple . I be home . 213 . close shot - inspector and cluett shoot toward cluett . inspector that be simple , be not it ? I assume you can prove that if necessary . cluett ( feel very sure of himself ) oh yes , of course . there be someone with I . a lady . inspector ( smile - affably ) look like you be go to have no trouble at all . what be the lady 's name , Mr. cluett ? cluett if you do not mind , Inspector , I would rather not say - that be , unless it become absolutely essential . you see , she 's marry . inspector ( a big understanding grimace ) oh ! cluett ( smile ) you understand ? inspector ( assuringly ) why , of course . the telephone ring at this point . cluett turn to answer it . ? 180 ? cluett pardon I . he pick up the receiver . the Inspector watch he closely . 214 . wider angle as cluett answer the phone . cluett hello . . . who ? yes , he 's here . ( to Inspector ) it 's for you , Inspector . cluett get up out of he chair to permit Inspector to get to the phone . inspector thanks . cluett ( try to be light ) somebody must be in good humor . he be hum " mother machree . " inspector ( laugh ) it 's one of the boy from headquarters . he always sing " mother machree " whenever he 's get good news . look like this case will be settle in no time . 215 . closeup - cluett his face cloud at this . he listen while Inspector 's voice come over scene : inspector' voice yeah , Kelly ? huh ? dude finlay ! where do you get he ? Inspector pause , wait for a reply . CUT to : 216 . int . sampson' office - closeup detective detective Kelly , speak on the phone : kelly ( into phone ) I be not get nobody here . I be with Brown . do not you tell I to call you up in five minute ? inspector' voice sure . CUT to : 217 . int . cluett' office - closeup - cluett cluett be terrify . the Inspector 's voice continue : inspector' voice take he right down to headquarters . cluett start to edge out of scene . ? 181 ? 218 . mo . shot the Inspector be still hold receiver to he ear . cluett have edge close to the door , he expression one of desperation . the Inspector watch cluett out of the corner of he eye as he continue . inspector ( into phone ) yeah . what ? . . . you do not mean cyril cluett , the cashier ? ( long-drawn - out ) yeah -h-h-h-h . ( pause ) well ! do dude finlay tell you that ? CUT to : 219 . int . sampson' office - closeup - kelly kelly ( into phone ) what ? dude finlay ? sure , I get he here ! you know , for a minute I do not catch on . . . CUT to : 220 . int . cluett' office - mo . shot on the Inspector . inspector ( into the phone ) yeah . we get he here right now . yeah , yeah . okay Kelly , good work . look like 221 . close shot - cluett he feel himself trap . he glance around the room quickly to determine he chance to escape . he keep edging closer to the door with he back to it . his hand sneak down and grab hold of the doorknob . suddenly , cluett snap open the door and like a flash be out of the room . 222 . mo . shot of room as cluett 's figure disappear . the detective be startle by the sudden move . inspector ( hang up receiver ) —get he ! the detective dash out , Inspector follow . CUT to : 223 . somewhere in the crowded outer office - mo . close shot cluett hurry through . 224 . ext . to men' locker room - mo . close shot at the door of the man 's locker room . cluett come into scene and enter locker room . ? 182 ? CUT to : 225 . somewhere in the crowded outer office - medium shot Inspector and detective enter . look around quickly . detective ( look off , and spot cluett ) there he go ! they rush out of scene , they hand on they gun , conceal . CUT to : 226 . int . men' locker room - full shot Metal locker line the entire room . cluett come to door on other side of the room . just as he get there , he hear the detective enter off scene . quickly he change he mind and spring into a space between a row of locker and the wall , at the same time draw he gun . Inspector and detective enter . the Inspector and one of the detective advance into the room cautiously , hold they gun in front of they . Kelley , the other detective , shrewdly separate from they . detective he must be here . there 's only one door . inspector all right . find he . cluett slip into a locker and close the door behind he . they hear the noise off scene . inspector what be that noise ? detective sounded like a locker . inspector a locker , eh ? well , search every one of they . he must be in one of them . they search the locker one by one , until the Inspector happen upon the one with cluett inside . he leap out , gun draw . 227 . close shot - cluett from Inspector 's angle . cluett stand back Inspector , or I will shoot . Drop that gun . inspector ( calming tone ) all right , Jack , all right . 228 . mo . close shot the detective and Inspector . the detective drop he gun , but the Inspector keep he levell , toward cluett , off scene : inspector do not be a fool , cluett . this be only go to make it worse for you . ? 183 ? cluett stand back , Inspector . let I out of here , or I will shoot you ! he start slowly forward . the Inspector ignore the warning . he take a few more step forward . 229 . closeup - cluett from Inspector 's angle . cluett I warn you , Inspector - I will shoot ! he level he gun . 230 . closeup - kelley he lift he gun and aim for cluett , off scene . 231 . closeup - cluett he be frighten , but desperate . he have he finger on the trigger , ready to fire . cluett ( nervously ) if you take another step , I 'll— a shot be hear . the gun drop out of cluett 's hand . his arm go limp . his face screw up in pain . inspector ( rush forward to grab he - to the detective ) let I see it ! let I see it ! it 's only he finger . get I a towel . ( to cluett ) now take it easy , buddy . take it easy . all we want to do be talk to you . CUT to : 232 . int . a teller' cage mo . - close shot shoot over the teller 's shoulder . people stand in line , a atmosphere of pandemonium and hysteria . 233 . int . dickson' private office - close shot - dickson still at phone . his coat be now off and flung across the desk . his face be wear . perspiration roll down he face . his appearance indicate he have be on the phone a long time . dickson ( into phone - defeat ) you can not do a thing . you be up to you neck . all right . he listen . he be be turn down . he hang up receiver . over he face slowly come a look of deep perturbation . he refer to a small notebook open on he desk . his finger run down the list of name as he search for another prospect . camera pan across as Inspector and other detective , with cluett in custody , enter dickson 's office , all excited . ? 184 ? inspector you be right , Mr. dickson ! Brown do not have anything to do with it . here 's you man . dickson why , you must be crazy . I have know this man for year . inspector he 's just confess . he 's be mix up with the toughest gangster in town . camera pan back to dickson , as he stare , unbelievingly , at the shrunken figure of cluett , who be tremble with fear . 234 . closer shot favore cluett and dickson . dickson confess ! cluett , in heaven 's name , what get into you ? cluett ( he voice shaking ) I do not know . it 's all be like a crazy nightmare , Mr. dickson . dickson what happen ? you be not a thief . how would you get mix up with this kind of people ? cluett gambling - I owed they a lot of money . last week I lose over fifty thousand dollar ! dickson ( shocked ) fifty thousand dollar ! cluett ( hysterically ) but I do not kill that man last night . honest I do not , Mr. dickson ! 235 . closeup - cluett as he continue : cluett ( dully ) yesterday they come to collect it . I begge they to wait . I want time to think , but they would not listen to I . ( he voice rise ) they threaten to kill I if I do not pay it ! I be desperate ! I do not know what to do ! 236 . closeup - dickson as he react to cluett 's confession . cluett 's voice continue over this shot . cluett' voice ( hoarsely - quickly ) then they suggest that I help they rob the bank . all I have to do be turn off the alarm and ? 185 ? fix the time clock . it all sound so easy . it seem like a way out . 237 . mo . close shot - group as cluett continue : cluett ( wildly ) I do not know anybody be go to be kill ! the Inspector address cluett : inspector what be you do at finlay 's this morning ? cluett they take my key yesterday . I go there to get they back . dickson ( desperately ) if you be in a jam , why do not you come to I ? I would have help you out . you know that . 238 . close shot favore cluett . cluett I be crazy , I tell you , Mr. dickson . I do not know what I be do . I wander around in a daze . all I could think of be that they be go to kill I . . . ( plead desperately ) you will stand by I , will not you , Mr. dickson ? you will not go back on I now , will you ? I will die if they send I to prison ! inspector ( practical ) do not forget there 's a dead watchman downstairs . cluett ( wild - eye ) I do not kill he ! I have nothing to do with that , I tell you ! I be home in my apartment last night - I can prove it ! 239 . mo . close shot of group inspector ( skeptically ) claim he be there with a marry woman . do not want to mention she name . cluett ( desperately - to dickson ) he will not believe it , Mr. dickson . but it 's the truth - honest it be . I be in my apartment last night - ask you wife - she— he stop dead . suddenly he realize what he be say . 240 . closeup - dickson as he react electrically to the mention of he wife . ? 186 ? 241 . close shot - cluett he slap a hand over he mouth , as if to crush out anything further he might say . he stare wide - eye and frighten at dickson . 242 . close two shot - dickson and cluett dickson glare at cluett , penetratingly . his brain slowly absorb the revelation that Phyllis be in cluett 's apartment the night before . dickson ( dully ) my wife ? what 's she get to do with you ? inspector ( out of the side of he mouth - to a detective stand next to he ) no wonder he do not want to mention she name . dickson come over to cluett , grab he by the arm . dickson what be my wife do in you apartment last night ? cluett ( hysterically ) nothing , nothing , Mr. dickson . do not pay any attention to I . I do not know what I be say . dickson you just mention she name . what be she do there ? what be she do in you apartment ? cluett she just come up for a drink . just for a few minute . dickson grab cluett and shake he . dickson ( a shriek ) you be lie ! 243 . mo . close shot inspector do not worry , Mr. dickson . we will find out whether he 's tell the truth . I will have a man from headquarters check up on it right away . dickson ( hard ) you do not want to check up on anybody . I will do all the check up . wait a minute . camera pan with he as he cross to he desk , and call helen on the intercom . dickson helen ! helen' voice yes ? ? 187 ? dickson get Mrs. dickson on the phone . there be a awkward pause while dickson wait . he be obviously agitate . then the phone ring . dickson ( answer it ) listen , dear . I want to ask you something . I know it 's a silly thing for I to ask you , but . . . I want you to tell I the truth . where be you last night ? CUT to : 244 . int . dickson home - closeup - mrs . dickson mrs . dickson ( into phone - disconcert ) last night ? er - why - uh , last night . . . CUT to : 245 . int . dickson be office - closeup - dickson dickson ( very sombre ) listen , dear . now tell I the truth about this . be you in cluett 's apartment ? CUT to : 246 . int . dickson home - closeup - mrs . dickson mrs . dickson ( into phone ) in cluett 's apartment ? well dear , you see , I . . . I . . . CUT to : 247 . int . dickson be office - mo . close shot favore dickson , but show cluett and the other . dickson slowly put the phone receiver down . his face be ashen . he be shake to the core . cluett ( miserably ) she be not to blame , Mr. dickson . it be not she fault . honest , it be not . I begge she to come up . she do not '' dickson ( a explosion ) get out , get out ! inspector all right . let 's go . the detective get on either side of cluett and silently they march he out of the room . Inspector and other follow , leave dickson alone . when they have go out : ? 188 ? 248 . close shot - dickson Left alone , he be a tragic figure . a incessant parade of disturbing thought tumble over each other in a hectic march across he chaotic mind . he grip he throbbing temple in a effort to crush out the torturous think that Phyllis be involved in a intrigue with cyril cluett . CUT to : 249 . int . conference room - mo . shot most of the director seem to be weaken . o' brien be remain staunch to dickson . Clark alone , hold out . o'brien Clark , you be insane to hold out any longer . now let 's get some money over here and stop this run . AMES if we close we door , we stock will not be worth a nickel . meek little ive once more try to speak : ives my dear friend , i— o'brien ( interrupt ) I will lay you ten to one , dickson will not give in . 250 . closer shot feature schultz and Clark , stand together . schultz maybe they be right , Clark . clark ( weaken ) all right , I will go and have a talk with he . as he start to walk toward the door : CUT to : 251 . int . dickson' private office - full shot dickson sit at he desk , he head cup in he hand . Clark enter through door of outer office , quietly . he look at dickson a moment , then cross to the desk . clark oh , dickson . . . 252 . close shot of the two shoot toward dickson . dickson slowly look up at Clark . clark ( softly ) dickson , I would like to talk to you about the bank . ? 189 ? dickson ( heartsick ) the bank . all right . do anything you want with it . 253 . close shot - clark his face light up . this be a turn he never expect . he really come in to capitulate . clark ( smoothly ) now you be talk sense . ( alert ) we will draw up the option on you stock - say , eighty dollar a share . how 's that ? 254 . close shot - dickson he be not even interested , speak vaguely : dickson eighty dollar ? that 's fine - anything you say . he wave Clark away . clark good , good . I will draw it up at once . 255 . mo . shot as Clark start out of dickson 's office , elate , helen come in . helen you want the rest of that number , Mr. dickson ? dickson ( toneless ) number ? no , never mind . she stare at he , surprised , back out of the room . CUT to : 256 . int . outer room of dickson' office - helen and matt immediately follow : matt what 's he do , honey ? be he get any help ? helen something 's happen . he be not try anymore . matt they must have turn he down . helen yes . he call some of the biggest people in town . matt sure , they would turn he down . he ought to know that . I be go in there and talk to he . as he enter dickson 's office : CUT to : ? 190 ? 257 . int . dickson' office camera pan across as Matt enter : matt we have not get much time leave , Mr. dickson . we have get to do something quick or it will be too late . dickson ( softly ) why would not you tell I where you be last night ? matt ( ignore the question ) you be not give up , be you , Mr. dickson ? dickson be you in cluett 's apartment ? matt ( dismissively ) oh , I can explain about that later . you be lose you bank - do not you realize what that mean ? dickson ( gravely ) be Mrs. dickson there ? matt listen , Mr. dickson , do not let they lick you just because a couple of big shot turn you down . you have get more friend than anybody in this town . Little guy - guy who would not be in business if it be not for you . all you have get to do be '' dickson ( undeterred ) wait a minute . answer my question . be Mrs. dickson there ? matt ( fumble for word ) well . . . uh . . . I . . . dickson she be , be not she ? how long have this be go on ? do you know ? matt aw , I do not know what you be talk about . all I know be that you be lose you bank and '' dickson ( firmly ) all right . that 's all . ( poignantly ) please , Matt . head bow , Matt exit scene . ? 191 ? CUT to : 258 . int . dickson' outer office - matt and helen immediately follow : helen do you talk to he ? matt ( downcast ) yeah . ( he have a sudden inspiration ) I get a idea . come on , let 's get to a telephone . they exit scene hurriedly . CUT to : 259 . int . dickson' private office - mo . closeup all of he belief be shake by this seem betrayal . dickson take a frame photograph of Phyllis from he desk , gingerly set it face down in the center drawer of he desk . also in the desk drawer be - he can not help but notice - a gun . CUT to : 260 . int . conference room - close shot - clark as he dictate to someone off screen : clark —a thirty - day option on ten thousand share of stock of this company , now register in the name of Thomas A. dickson . now make that in triplicate and get it to I just as fast as you can . hurry ! CUT to : 261 . int . somewhere in the bank - close shot at payroll window shoot past cashier in f.g. towards line of laborer wait to be pay . cashier stand in front of a tall counter upon which be a small metal box fill with currency . he be speak into the phone by he side as scene open . he hang up receiver and turn to the man on the other side of the window . cashier ( speak through small window ) sorry lady and gentleman , there 's no more money . you will have to go on to the next window . he snap the window shut , slam down cover of little metal box . angry ad-lib from line of laborer wait to be pay . customer ad - lib what do you mean there 's no more money ? etc. ? 192 ? panicked shouting and push . in the center of the crowd , a woman faint . CUT to : another cashier , another window , another angry line of depositor . cashier that 's all there be ! more push , shouting , angry ad-lib . CUT to : 262 . int . dickson' outer office - medium close shot Phyllis dickson , serious -face , come up step and through ante room on the way to dickson 's private office . she pound on door of office . there be no reply from within . stand next to she be a bank guard , uncertain about what to do . throughout scene , there be b.g. sound of melee in the bank . mrs . dickson ( to bank guard ) be you sure he 's in there ? guard yes , mar 'am . he must be in there . he have not come out . she pound on the door again . mrs . dickson ( shouting ) Tom ! Tom ! Tom ! ( to guard ) I have get to get in there . can not you find I a key ? guard ( reach into helen 's desk ) yes , I think there 's one right here in the drawer . CUT to : 263 . int . dickson' private office - full shot as Mrs. dickson rush in . dickson be stand by a window . 264 . close shot - mrs . dickson she walk over to he - camera panning with her - and stand in back of he . mrs . dickson ( softly - seriously ) Tom ! oh Tom , darling - I come to explain about last night . . . dickson remain silent . Mrs. dickson continue : ? 193 ? mrs . dickson cyril cluett do not mean anything to I , Tom . I go out with he last night simply because . . . well , I have begin to feel that I do not have any part in you life . that I be a outsider . Tom , all we do be to go to the theatre , and then we go back to he apartment afterward for a drink . that 's all it be . I do not do anything wrong , Tom . I could not do anything wrong . I love you too much . you know that . 265 . closeup - dickson as he stare dully out the window . Mrs. dickson 's voice come over shot : mrs . dickson ( break down - sobbing ) oh , Tom ! Tom ! CUT to : 266 . int . somewhere in bank - medium close shot - matt and helen favore matt. they be furiously work two phone , go down a list of people who owe dickson and the bank a favor . although Matt have focus in the scene , helen 's voice be always in b.g. , as she handle call , make the same pitch . matt ( into phone - rat -a- tat ) dickson 's in a jam I tell you . the run 's get worse . helen ( simultaneously ) Mr. Williams . . . matt ( continue ) the big guy have get the screw on he . you have get to come through for he , Mr. conway . he come through for you a hundred time . if he friend do not help he , who be go to help he ? helen ( look up from she own phone pitch ) Matt , look ! there 's Mr. Jones ! CUT to : 267 . int . lobby of bank - mo . shot as a man elbow he way through the crowd to a receive teller 's window . he be accompany by a bank guard , who sweep the disbely crowd aside . he speak loudly for everyone 's benefit : jone any bank that Tom dickson have anything to do with be all right . I be put my money in here . why should you be afraid ? give he a chance . Tom dickson be all right ! he 's perfectly square . I be put my money in this bank ! I know what I be do ! he reach a teller 's window , which be close . he pound on it . ? 194 ? jone open up ! I want to put some money in here ! I do not want to take any out ! a teller 's face appear , somewhat astonished . teller ( recover composure ) certainly , Mr. Jones ! certainly ! Charlie ! CUT to : 268 . int . somewhere in bank - mo . close shot - matt and helen matt ( into the phone - rat - a - tat ) they be start to come in already . yeah . yeah . well , listen . do not waste any time . get all the money you can lay you hand on , and bring it down here right away . step on it . he hang up , dial another . helen have dial another prospect also , and hand the phone to Matt . matt ( to helen ) who 's this ? ( into one phone ) Mr. Williams ? ( into the other phone ) Mr. gunther ? ( to helen ) I will talk to both of they at once . ( hold both phone up to he mouth ) listen , both you fellow . dickson 's in a jam . the run 's get worse . that big guy get the screw on he . yeah , both you fellow get to come through for he . listen , if he friend do not help he , who be go to help he ? now he come through for you a hundred time . yeah , listen . they be start to come in already . yeah , listen . both of you fella - get all the money you can lay you hand on , and bring it down here right away . both of you - step on it ! all right . CUT to : 269 . int . lobby of bank - mo . shot as several more people elbow they way through the crowd on they way to teller 's window , speak aloud . man ( loudly ) get out of my way . I get money I want to put into the bank . camera pan with he and second man until they reach the receive teller 's window , where they fall into a line already contain ten or twelve people . the second man shove he way to the front , and address the teller : ? 195 ? 2 nd man I want to make a deposit . four thousand , six hundred dollar . he 's the best man in the world . I believe in he . CUT to : 270 . int . dickson' private office - close two shot dickson and Phyllis dickson . she be still explain to he . mrs . dickson it do not matter what you think about I , there 's something far more important . that people down there . the bank , Tom . you can not give that up . she be interrupt by sound of door open . they look off . 271 . close shot at door as sampson step in . he look off toward dickson . sampson Mr. dickson ! come here a minute . look at this . something wonderful have happen . people be bring deposit . you will not believe it until you see it . you have to come out . 272 . close shot dickson and Mrs. dickson . he shamble over towards the door . 273 . int . outside of dickson' office - mo . close shot as sampson and dickson come out from private office . sampson ( point off ) look ! dickson gaze in the direction he point . CUT to : 274 . receiving teller' window - medium shot from dickson 's angle . the line have grow in size . that try to deposit they money be just as excited as that who want to draw it out . man ( shouting ) Tom dickson be a friend of mine ! I will put money in he bank any time ! another man ( shouting ) anybody who take money out of this bank be crazy ! I be go to put a lot of money in ! here it be ! 3rd man I have not get much , but here it be ! woman Tom dickson can have all my money any time . ? 196 ? CUT to : 275 . int . outside of dickson' office - closeup on dickson , look toward receiving teller 's window . he stare at the miraculous spectacle , deeply move . he can scarcely believe he own eye . a smile grow on he face . the sight of he friend come to he rescue have a electrical effect on dickson . it revive he fight spirit . he stick he jaw out determinedly . without a word he turn and cross to door of conference room . CUT to : 276 . int . conference room - full shot dickson fling the door open . Clark and the other director be startle out of they business . Clark hold the necessary transfer papers in he hand . dickson come out here you pawnbroker - take a look at this ! clark we have be wait fifteen minute '' dickson ( wave papers away ) you know what you can do with that ! come on , take a look at this ! you will see a demonstration of faith that 's worth more than all the collateral in the world . while he have be speak , several of the director have edge over to the door . they be perceptibly impressed . 277 . mo . close shot - clark he have remain unmove , stare at dickson , as if try to determine what kind of ruse be this . dickson' voice come on boy ! come on Clark ! it will do you heart good . camera pan with clark , as he cross slowly to the door and look out . dickson look at that . they be shove they hard - earn money across the counter with a ten to one chance against they . 278 . closer shot of group as they edge out onto balcony overlook scene . dickson if you fella want to save this bank , get some real money over here right away . o'brien ( decisively ) that 's enough for I , dickson . I be ashamed of myself . I will have a hundred thousand dollar over here in five minute . ? 197 ? o' brien start away and cross to a phone . dickson turn to the other . dickson now you be talk ! Ames ? AMES I be sell . he go off . dickson all right . schultz ? schultz ( only a moment 's hesitation ) this be you bank , dickson , and I be with you ! dickson ive ? 279 . close shot - ives at last he can say something . ives ( shaky voice ) my dear friend , that 's what I have be try to say all afternoon . dickson go ahead and say it . ( turn to Clark ) Clark , you can do twice as much as any of they . how about you ? 280 . close shot - clark clark oh , I do not agree with you , but if everybody 's go crazy , I will go crazy too ! CUT to : 281 . int . conference room - series of closeup as Clark and the other director make they urgent phone call . schultz ( into phone ) this be Ben schultz talk . send a hundred thousand cash over here to the Union National right away . clark ( into phone ) send all you available cash to Union National ! AMES ( into phone ) currency - small denomination '' clark ( into phone ) —in ten and twenty '' ? 198 ? ives ( into phone ) say , I want one hundred and fifty thousand dollar over here right away . ( listen ) I be in my right mind . no , no , no . not one hundred and fifty dollar . say , listen you guy , one hundred and fifty thousand dollar . yes ! lap dissolve to : 282 . ext . CITY STREET - long shot a string of armored car speed toward camera , accompany by a escort of eight motorcycle cop . the procession herald its approach by the pierce wail of siren . policeman open up ! lap dissolve to : 283 . int . bank - at the door a dozen policeman precede the entrance of a parade of uniform guard , who carry in one hand sack of money , they other hand clasped firmly on they gun . the crowd in the lobby stand aside , awe -stricken . ad - lib from cop head up— make way , there '' hey , you , look out ! murmur of approval be hear from the crowd . lap dissolve to : 284 . int . bank near front door - mo . shot as the crowd be leave the bank . everyone be smile and happy . camera singles out various individual . man ( to nearby man ) that 's the trouble with people nowadays . they hear a crazy rumor , and right away they lose they head . not I ! you do not see I draw my money out , do you ? lap dissolve to : 285 . int . bank - closeup - gert as she work the switchboard - the next day . gert good morning . Union National Bank . just a minute . . . CUT to : 286 . int . bank vault - medium shot - group of tellers as they gather for they morning ritual , wait for Matt . charlie nine o'clock and all be lousy . ? 199 ? teller where 's Matt ? charlie ten to one he will have a crack about the run yesterday . teller it 's a cinch bet . I would not take it . 2 nd teller if he pull a gag about the run , we will murder the guy . murder he ! they hear Matt approach , and gesture silence . Matt stride purposefully in . he work the mechanism on the vault . there be a long silence , during which nobody say anything , most surprisingly of all , not even Matt . finally : matt ( after have open the lock - turn to the group of expectant teller ) well , I suppose you guy have a good run for you money yesterday ! they tackle he to the ground . CUT to : 287 . int . bank entrance mo . - close shot as dickson enter , and playfully push the hat down over gardiner , the old bank guard 's face . the bank guard adjust he hat , annoyed , then see it be the president of the bank . gardiner ( merrily ) good morning , Mr. dickson . my wife be much better this morning . dickson well , that 's too bad . mine 's all right too . Guard puzzle over he non-sequitur for a moment , then smile . camera truck ahead of dickson , as he stride through the lobby , pass various individual from open scene . he spot the teller with a habit of smoking on the job . dickson Carter ! the teller , from dickson 's angle , hold up he empty hand . no cigarettes . then , he open he mouth and chew elaborately , show that he have switch to gum . hellos and good morning greet dickson as he continue on he way . he pass the janitor in a new uniform , and stop he . dickson well , well , well - get you uniform , eh ? janitor yes , sir . ? 200 ? dickson look good . how much do it cost ? janitor ( proudly ) I do not know . Mr. sampson buy it for I . dickson open he jacket , affect a unenthusiastic perusal of he own well - wear suit of clothing . dickson ( cheerfully ) oh - oh . I guess I will have to see sampson myself . camera follows he as he approach helen 's desk outside he own private office . helen look up . dickson good morning , helen . helen good morning . dickson say , I know what 's the matter with you . Matt ! Matt , hearing he name , dash up to stand next to dickson . 288 . mo . close shot dickson I want you both to take the day off . go downtown and get a license and get marry right away ! matt ( weakly ) but I have not . . . dickson I do not want to hear any more about it . if you do not get marry , I will fire both of you . by now they be beam . dickson start off , then have a second think . dickson helen , while you be downtown , you might stop in and make reservation for the bridal suite on the berengaria [ 9 ] sailing next week . matt gee , thanks , Mr. dickson— helen oh ! dickson ( cut he off ) oh , no ! it 's not for you . you be only go to get marry . Mrs. dickson and I be go to go on the honeymoon . with just the barest suggestion of a wink , he exit . ? 201 ? Matt look at helen : matt come , on slave . they exit arm in arm . fade out . end