american hustle written by Eric Warren Singer and David o. Russell title card : some of this actually happened over black : april 26 , 1978 , plaza HOTEL , new york 1 fade in : 2 int . plaza HOTEL window NYC - day irving rosenfeld , not a small man , get dress and meticulously construct he combover . camera wrap around , see he hand with ring adjust he dark velvet suit , up to he face , serious , concentrate , intense , he be compose himself before a performance . Irving be now dress , ready , and walk down the hall to another room . 3 second plaza HOTEL room Irving compose himself -- look into cramped surveillance closet , there be FBI Agents -- we only see they hand and arm -- he look at monitor -- see a black and white image of another room on monitor : mayor carmine polito , swath of salt and pepper hair , cream suit , pinky ring , rotary Club pin -- along with carl elway , preppie shady businessman . he exhales pressure , turn as camera pan to : sydney prosser ( who will also be know for some time as edith greensly ) , stylish crafty smart . they stare at each other intensely -- they have a deep and emotional relationship . a door bang OPEN , and in walk richie dimaso , bronx -born . he stand there . richie dimaso what be you do , go behind my back ? telling people I be screwing up this operation ? I get you a suite at the fuckin' Plaza Hotel ! irving rosenfeld the shittiest suite at the Plaza Hotel . richie dimaso what ?! irv rosenfeld the shittiest fuckin ' suite . richie dimaso base on what --? 2 . irving rosenfeld and the food be wrong , and -- what be this ? you , like , go in my closet or something ? edith greensly no irving rosenfeld be you dress he like you be dress I now ? edith greensly ( shake she head ) no , what be you think ? this be not all about you , you know that . richie dimaso what , do you try to dress I so I would look like he ? edith greensly no , you be not dress like he , all right ? richie dimaso but I do , I look like he . edith greensly no , he 's in like , velvet . come on . irving rosenfeld you ask I to show you how this be do , you wanna fuck it up be my guest . edith greensly what be you problem ? richie dimaso hey , look , I never laid a hand on she , all right ? be that what this be about ? edith greensly ( british accent ) well technically , that 's not true . richie dimaso look , we never have sex ok ? I just -- 3. richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) what would I do ? I put my hand like this -- richie reach out and put he hand on Irving 's face very carefully , not forcefully . Irving swipe it away violently the second it touch he face . irving rosenfeld do not you fuck touch I . that bother I -- richie dimaso oh it do ? irving rosenfeld oh yeah . richie dimaso that bother you ? irving rosenfeld yes . richie dimaso you know , a lot of shit bother I too , but I be try to help you . if I want to bother you , if I really want to fuck bother you , this be what I would do . richie take he hand and destroy the combover Irving spend so much time create . Irving just stand there , hair ruin , stare at richie . irving rosenfeld you should not have do that . Irving just stand there stare at richie , hair all wild and mess up look very angry . richie dimaso how 's that ? you bother now ? ( no answer ) alright , do not make a thing of it . edith greensly you should not touch he . he do not like that . 4. richie dimaso oh my god , fix he hair . do not make a thing of it . edith greensly it take some time , ok . edith walk over to Irving who be still stand there in silence with he hair all over the place . she carefully start help he put it back together . richie dimaso Big fuck deal . we get to get in the other room , come on . the mayor 's in there . edith greensly yes I know that . richie dimaso should we go to the beauty parlor ? be that what we should do ? richie walk over and open up a briefcase that 's sit on the dresser . Inside be stack of cash . edith be still help Irving put he hair back together . irving rosenfeld how 's it look . edith greensly you look fine . richie slam the briefcase shut look very nervous and intense . richie dimaso let 's go . CUT to : 4 steely dan be " dirty work " start on the soundtrack as they 4 walk down the hallway three across : irving , edith , richie . richie with briefcase in hand . 5 int . plaza HOTEL suite foyer - day 5 slow motion -- double door push OPEN and edith enter the suite -- they walk into -- 5 . 6 int . plaza HOTEL live room - continuous 6 dramatic push in on : the destiny of the story mayor carmine polito pinky ring , rotary club pin stand finishing story to businessman carl elway as irving , edith , richie wait for he to finish -- they all shake hand and sit on the couch across from each other . richie carefully sets the briefcase down on the ground next to he feet . CUT to the scene as viewed through a surveillance monitor . the date and time stamp visible . carmine polito I think he be go to be here . I do business face to face , person to person . that 's just who I be . richie reach down and awkwardly slide the briefcase over to carmine unprompted . leave monitor' Pov and return back to the scene . irv' eye widen as in `no ! don't do that ! ' while he and richie stare at each other , edith tense , carmine look disturbed at the case coming he way . he stand abruptly . carl elway whoa , excuse I , excuse I . I will handle that for the Mayor . richie dimaso no , it 's for the Mayor . it would be a sign of disrespect to the sheik if the mayor do not take it himself . it 's for you Mayor . carmine look angry and confuse . he look over to Carl . carmine polito what be you do ? what -- ( to Carl ) Carl , what the fuck ? what be this ? carl elway no , I will handle it . I be gonna take care of -- everything 's good . I get everything under control . ( to richie ) that 's for I . I handle all that for mayor . carmine polito what be this ? Irving look over and say nothing . not surprised at all how badly this be all go . 6. edith whisper to richie . edith greensly ( whisper to richie ) just stop it , ok richie dimaso ( whisper to edith ) he 's gotta take it himself , okay ? carmine polito I do not know what the fuck that be but it 's weird you understand ? carl elway misunderstand . misunderstand . carmine polito I come here to meet a sheik , that 's all I know . I be very interested in that but he 's not here apparently . Carl ?! carmine turn and start to walk out of the room . carmine polito ( cont 'd ) I be very interested in meeting the Sheik . you let I know when that could happen ! thank you , have a good day . carmine leave the room . Irving look over and shrug he shoulder . not surprised at all the way this be go and horrify that richie have ruin it . carl elway ( leave ) Irving ! you better come get he . richie dimaso ( stare at irv ) go out there and get he right now . carl elway help I get he back ! richie dimaso go get he . he need to take the fuckin ' briefcase , Irving . 7. irving rosenfeld I do not wanna do it in the first place . this be you show , you go get he . richie dimaso no , you have no choice . you have to go get he . now , go get he , so he take the briefcase by himself ! that 's the whole plan , Irving ! Irving stand up angry and get in richie 's face . irving rosenfeld what be you do push the fuck briefcase , dummy ? huh ? richie dimaso the whole fuckin ' thing be fall apart . you know how much I pay for this goddamn hotel that you fuck ask for ?! irving rosenfeld now I gotta go mop up you mess . I be gonna go fuck mop up you mess ! Irving storm out of the hotel suite towards the elevator to get carmine . int . plaza HOTEL suite foyer - day Irving pace back and forth as he wait for the elevator . int . plaza HOTEL live room - continuous we push in on the concerned face of Sydney as richie ramble on to she . richie dimaso you understand what I be say , right ? it be not work . int . plaza HOTEL suite foyer - continuous Irving continue to pace back and forth in the hall wait for the elevator . 8. irving rosenfeld ( v.o . ) do you ever have to find a way to survive and you know you choice be bad ? Irving walk over and hit the elevator button again . irving rosenfeld I learn how to survive when I be a kid . 7 CUT to : 7 irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my father have a glass business . 28 irv as kid smashes plate glass window of bronx storefront 28 drumming up business for he father . ext . rosenfeld &amp ; son glass repair CO . - day 1940 ' S Young Irving and he Father and mother stand outside the family 's glass repair shop in the bronx as some tough contractor march up to they . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) I would rather be on the take side than the get take side any day of the week , especially after I see how my father get take . I mean , see that scar I for life . ext . undisclosed STREET - day 1940 ' S Young Irving run by a store front as he throw a rock through each window on the store , smash they all . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I take it upon myself to drum up business . I become a different kind of guy than my father . I become a con artist -- from the foot up , for real . CUT to : the bronx : storefront with smashed window . - day - present irv shake he head , survey the damage . 9. irving rosenfeld I be gonna survive no matter what . I still have the glass business and a few dry clean store on the side . 7g int . irv' dingy office - day 7g Irving pace around he office smoking a cigar and talk on the phone . what look to be steal art sit on the floor all around he . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) and I do some art deal on the side . stolen or forge art . ext . / int . pool party - long island house - day Chicago 's " do anybody really know what time it be ? " fade up . jam early 70 holiday party -- long island lady in bikinis with huge hair in fur coat smoking outside the glass enclosed pool - while inside steam glass shiny bikini candidate for nose job ; a few other who be large , several guy who look mobbed up , pale , out of shape , gold chain , in swim trunk , even more burt reynold type guy , slim , hairy , chain . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) so , one January I go to my friend pool party in Long Island . Irving sit hold court with some friend by the pool when he turn and see Sydney for the first time . push in on : Irving . he look up , they lock eye across the party . syd reach for a slice of fruit on high set plate when irving be hand grab her arm -- she turn , take aback - irving rosenfeld be that Duke ellington on you bracelet ? she do have on a Duke ellington charm bracelet . sydney prosser as a matter of fact , it be . he die this year , you know . 10 . irving rosenfeld I know . I doubt anyone else here know or care about it . sydney prosser well I care . he save my life many time . Irving take a good look at she , impressed . irving rosenfeld ( impressed ) mine too . which one ? sydney prosser Jeep 's blue . irving rosenfeld ( smile , warm ) Jeep 's blue . oh yeah . awkward pause . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) you wanna hear it ? sydney prosser right now ? irving rosenfeld yeah . sydney prosser sure . CUT to : portable record player plays start of jeep' blue as Irving and Sydney nod to it - he watch she foot in she high wedge and she tan leg rock as she sit on arm of sofa . irving rosenfeld who start a song like that ?! sydney prosser it 's magic . irving rosenfeld Magic . they listen to the record , edith check Irving out . 11 . sydney prosser ( v.o . ) he be not necessarily in good shape , and he have this comb-over that be rather -- elaborate . he have this air about he . and he have this confidence that draw I to he . he be who he be and he do not care . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) like I , she be a very particular person . like I , she come from a place where she option be limited -- and she have be someone she do not want to be in she past . CUT to -- sydney dance in a SMALL town , old fashioned strip bar . sydney prosser ( v.o . ) it actually can feel kind of sexy sometimes . there 's a boldness in it . but where would that boldness take I ? I do not know . but I be gonna find out . 8 CUT to : 8 sydney walk down a bleak industrial STREET . CUT to -- record store where edith flip through album of the old great -- ella fitzgerald , duke ellington , and more of the old great -- a world of elegance , sophistication , and culture a million mile away from where she live . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) like I , she learn to survive and reinvent herself . she know she have to reinvent she life and she identity . and like I , she envision a better elegant future for herself . like I , she know you have to have a vision . ext . NY STREET -- day Sydney look at scrap of paper with info in she hand -- look up at office building address -- enter . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) she come to New York . she envision it . ( more ) 12 . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and just like that , she apply for a job at cosmopolitan Magazine . 12 int . cosmopolitan magazine office - day 12 clean bright color , huge blow up cosmo cover -- Sydney -- innocent , plain , slack and blouse , hair back , nervously await interview . she be call in -- nervously stand , small crumpled scrap of paper in hand , fix her hair -- 13 int . cosmo interview office - continuous 13 cosmo interviewer girl well you be obviously here for a reason . let 's get to it . sydney prosser alright . cosmo interviewer girl we cover story right now be on cunnilingus . what do you think about that ? sydney prosser I like it . cosmo interviewer girl do you have any clerical skill ? sydney prosser yes . cosmo interviewer girl can you type ? irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) she be unlike anybody I ever know . she be smart . she see through people in situation . and she know how to live with passion and style . she understand Duke ellington . 14 cosmo magazine office : sydney push mail cart deliver mail 14 to sophisticated magazine editor and executive , some tough bird , most elegant . 13 . 15 CUT to : edith watch a cosmo cover shoot -- 15 sydney prosser ( v.o . ) I be break , fearless , with nothing to lose -- ext . / int . pool party - long island house - day irv and Sydney dance slowly . sydney prosser ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) -- and my dream , more than anything , be to become anyone else other than who I be . 24 ext . long island dry cleaners -- day 24 irv hold the door open for edith as she enter . irving rosenfeld -- I get two in the bronx and three in Manhattan . ( to a employee ) hey , Byron . sydney prosser ( v.o . ) he have a chain of dry clean store . he ask I to come in and upgrade my wardrobe - - he say a lot of nice thing get leave behind by people and forget over the year - - irving rosenfeld I mean you would not believe the shit that people leave behind here . unbelievable . sydney prosser people leave stuff here ? irving rosenfeld oh yeah . they go out for the night , they drink , come here in the morning , put they clothes in and then they forget . they get no idea where they leave it . Irving touch a hang blue sequine dress . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) look at that . sequine thing . I do not know . be that nice or not ? 14 . sydney prosser it 's beautiful . Irving and Sydney continue to walk through towards the back and enter a fur vault fill with elegant designer clothes . irving rosenfeld I mean , some of it 's be here for year . they be not pick it up . nobody 's pick it up . Sydney start riffling through nice thing hang on the rack . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) you like that ? sydney prosser I love it . irving rosenfeld it 's yours . you want it ? it 's yours . Sydney look back at Irving in shock . CUT to : she step out of the dressing room in the von furstenberg dress - look fantastic . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) you look fantastic ! sydney prosser oh my god . I can only dream about this dress . they be beautiful . sydney pull classic clothes from the abandoned rack : one , two , three . she put a jacket on he that he be reluctant to wear , paisley smoking coat . later : they go inside the electric rotating carousel rack of clear plastic cover , dry cleaned clothes -- stand inside , enchanted , smiling at each other , as the rack swirl magically around they . they stare at each in love . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) I feel like we have a secret . just the two of we . you know like that thing where you want to just be with the one person the whole time . 15 . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) you feel like the two of you understand something that nobody else get . I could just tell she everything about myself . and I never have anybody like that in my life before . I feel like finally , I can truly be myself without be ashamed , without be embarrassed . 39 int . irv 's dingy office - day 39 irv lead Sydney into a small , dingy Manhattan office on a upper floor . sydney prosser what be this place ? do you sell art here ? irving rosenfeld yeah , sometimes . this be my office . sydney prosser I know it 's you office , but , you have this other place . what 's this for ? why do you bring I here ? irving rosenfeld this get to be my main business , my grow business . I help get loan for guy that can not get loan . I be they last resort . sydney prosser you be they last resort ? because interest rate be north of 12 % and head to 18 % . irving rosenfeld that 's right , smarty pants . sydney prosser Fucking Jimmy Carter . Fucking Nixon really . and the war and the deficit and all of that shit . irving rosenfeld I love you , you be so smart . you be . sydney prosser thanks kid but how do you get they the money ? 16 . irving rosenfeld well -- sydney prosser you do not do you ? you do not . irving rosenfeld this guy be lousy risk , you know ? I can not get they a loan but I get my fee . five thousand . sydney prosser five thousand ? you take five thousand and you do not give they anything ? irving rosenfeld this be bad guy , you know ? they get bad divorce , gambling habit , embezzle , all that shit , you know what I mean ? sydney prosser everybody at the bottom cross path eventually in a pool of desperation and you be wait for they . irving rosenfeld how about `we ' ? sydney prosser we ? irving rosenfeld how bout it ? Sydney turn and begin walk out the door as Irving chase she out . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) Sydney . Sydney I be sorry that be too much . I go too far . I do not want to upset you . she continue walk out without look back and leave . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) Sydney please , I be sorry ! I know it be not for everybody . the door slam in Irving 's face 17 . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) ( Irving shout to the close door ) ah GOD I love get to know you ! int . irv' dingy office - day irving pace around the office upset at himself . slowly sit down in the desk chair in defeat , take off he glass and sit back . irving rosenfeld ( to himself ) what I do that for ? I fuck it up . I should never tell a woman the truth . she 's so smart . she 's different . off screen the door open . she walk right up to irving as he sit at he desk . she toss her coat to the side . irving stare up her tense -- what will she do ? sydney prosser you say it be nice know I . you say it be nice to meet I . irving rosenfeld yeah . sydney extend her hand to he in a royal fashion . sydney prosser ( british accent ) would you like to meet Lady edith greensly ? Irving look stunne as he slowly clasp she extend hand . sydney prosser ( cont 'd ) ( british accent ) I have royal banking connection in London . I would love to help you with you loan but of course I have to be very selective . irving rosenfeld that be fuck fantastic . sydney prosser thank you . do you like it ? 18 . irving rosenfeld I like it . I do not think you be come back . thank god you come back . sydney prosser I be not go anywhere . irving rosenfeld I fuck love you . sydney prosser you have I . CUT to : 40 ext . suburban STREET 40 one of sydney's nanny friend , rebecca , walk out of a business man 's ( 34 ) house push a stroller as the business man come chase after they . sydney prosser ( v.o . ) and so Irving and I begin we partnership -- in love and commerce . businessman Rebecca , hold on . you be edith right ? sydney prosser ( v.o . ) he tell I to tell my friend I have ( in british accent ) London banking connection businessman I be Jim . I be she employer . listen - - she tell I you can get I a line of credit . I know you have banking connection in London , England . sydney prosser ( v.o . ) and after that ... say " no " a lot until the guy be hook . edith and Rebecca start walk away as the businessman chase after they . 19 . businessman Becky tell she ! I have never miss a check ! edith greensly ( walk away ) no ! sydney prosser ( v.o . ) it be almost scary how easy it could be to take money from desperate people . CUT to : 41 int . irv' dingy office - day 41 edith extend she hand to greet another businessman , 35 . edith be dress in a more sophisticated high end british fashion . edith greensly Lady edith greensly , it 's so good to see you again . another businessman , 35 Lady -- you ladyship -- thank you again . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) this be the role that we be mean to play . 42 int . irv' dingy office - another day 42 another desperate businessman sit across from edith and Irving . sydney prosser we be very selective . irving rosenfeld you get a strong application . we will talk about it . int . irv' dingy office - another day , another MARK . irving rosenfeld I do not take a deal that I can not close . 20 . sydney prosser you be not be aggressive enough in put up you asset -- the man look nervous -- nervous loan applicant have you ever be to queen ? have you ever be to great neck ? everybody know my dealership . continuous montage as there clothing change from day to day but the setting remains the same as they con MARK after MARK . a desperate man take out a business check book and write he check . desperate man five thousand get I fifty right ? another businessman five will get I thirty five . be that right ? another businessman , 35 five grand get I fifty ? int . irv' dingy office - another day Sydney and Irving laugh and celebrate . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) I be do so much more business with she . I mean it double , then it triple . int . irv' glass store - day Sydney -- hair get bigger -- go over the book with a latino man who nod and watch she -- edith count cash in the register - recount it -- explain how thing can be do better as dry cleaning worker nod . irv watch happy . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) and I never meet anyone , man or woman , in business who be so careful and precise about everything . every stylistic detail . 21 . int . businessman office - day Irving and edith discuss a piece of art they be in the process of sell to a businessman . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) we keep sell art together , too . edith greensly it 's really a fabulous example of a genre painting , which be really rare for the time . it 's a boy and he dog . non-religious painting . 55 . Golden age . dutch painting . another day -- a car dealership office -- irv drop the canvas bag revealing a vintage painting -- ( colored orb and line ) -- to the middle aged car dealer who owns the warehouse who write a check . irving rosenfeld Paul klee. bauhaus Movement . 1920 . middle aged car dealer before we go any further , be this legit ? irving rosenfeld let 's just say it 's miss from Spain and leave it at that . edith greensly do not show any Spanish friend . Irving and Sydney kiss passionately in front of the middle age car dealer as he try to hand they he check . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) I mean it just take off . we get a elegant Manhattan office . we call it London associate for she accent . 44 int . new office lobby - madison avenue - day 44 a janitor finishes polishing silver plate large letter : london associate to a pale wall as he and edith sip champagne from flute and offer one to the worker who toast with they . 22 . irv doe he trademark minimalist badger dance , in profile , to quiet delight of sydney . irv and edith kiss gently , lovingly , sincerely on the lip -- they walk into they classic looking , staid , private banking office suite . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) when I be around she I feel joy . Fucking joy ! and love . that 's what I feel . smash to : 46 ext . park avenue - sunny day 46 47 they dance down Park Avenue together . 47 int . lobby of pierre HOTEL - continuous irv and edith dance through the lobby . 49 the pierre HOTEL cafe 49 as they dance among mostly older wealthy couple on the small dance floor of the elegant restaurant as a live jazz quartet play " I have get you number " . camera circle they , put they forehead together , very happy . they sing to each other quietly as they dance close . 50 int . room at pierre HOTEL -- night 50 irv and edith make passionate love , we see in piece -- he get up , she watch he dress and leave -- 52 int . irv' cadillac - night 52 53 he drive over the triborough Bridge . 53 irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) as , as far as I could see , people be always con each other to get what they want . we even con ourselves . 23 . 54 int . / ext . irv' cadillac - night 54 55 he drive through the suburb of ranch house and driveway 55 56 and pull into he driveway of he split- level ranch . irv 56 get out of he cadillac and walk to the front door of he house -- irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) we talk ourselves into thing . we sell ourselves thing we maybe do not even need or want by dress they up . we leave out the risk . we leave out the ugly truth . 57 int . irv' house - night 57 irv walk into the decorate ranch house , frost glass with bird design , glass table , wall , black and brown lacquer everywhere . he walk into the house and look at a picture he son do -- a draw of the yankee play baseball -- that be tape to the refrigerator . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) pay attention to that because we be all con ourselves in one way or another just to get through life . irv take Danny 's picture from the fridge and tip toe -- with low sound now of o.s. tv -- irv go to a close door with yankee sticker on it -- irv open a bedroom door to reveal he 5 year old son , danny . sydney prosser ( v.o . ) he be marry , and he have a son . 58 int . danny's room - night 58 danny be on the bed , picture book , baseball card , spread all around he . irv stand hold the picture . Danny look over he shoulder . sydney prosser ( v.o . ) he have adopt she son . danny daddy ! 24 . sydney prosser ( v.o . ) he be a really good dad and I respected he for that . it be a tough situation for everyone . irv 's face light up . irving rosenfeld Danny . this be a fantastic picture . what do you do today ? danny that kid donovan be be mean to I . irving rosenfeld the big kid ? I think mommy pick you up so he could not bother you . danny she be late , and then after we put out the fire , mommy say stay in my room with my baseball card . Danny reach across to Irving and take he glass off he face and put they on . irving rosenfeld what fire ? danny do you know they make a lamp that have the sun in it ? [ irv look at he ] mommy get the lamp . she make she special drink and the lamp make a fire . irv look concerned . 59 int . master bedroom - night 59 irv 's wife rosalyn sit up on the bed in a muumuu , half she face be burn . rosalyn rosenfeld I put out the fire . the fire be out . irving rosenfeld for the first time in my life I do the right thing . 25 . rosalyn rosenfeld oh shut up -- irving rosenfeld I save a young single mother , and she kid . I marry she . I adopt he - - rosalyn rosenfeld you fall in love ! do not forget we fall madly in love ! irving rosenfeld yes , I fall in love . my God , I fall in love . yes . but you know what ? I think you be mysterious like my mother until it turn out that mysterious just mean depressed , hard to reach . I mean , I be die here ! and you need somebody who 's gonna be quiet like you . you be young , you be beautiful . you gotta find somebody else . you gotta go out and get some friend all right ? do not sit inside -- rosalyn rosenfeld I do not like go out . you know that I get anxiety when I have to meet people . you know how hard that be . irving rosenfeld yeah but you can not just stay in the house with the fuck sun lamp . alright ? and I can not -- I mean , look , I can not trust you with it anyway . that fire and everything . I can not trust to leave you with Danny . rosalyn rosenfeld I put the fire out Irving ! there be no fire ! maybe if you be here more , then there would not have be a fire in the first place . irving rosenfeld oh , what , there would not have be a fire if I be here ? 26 . rosalyn rosenfeld just stop with the whole fire thing . God it be a mistake . I be sure a million people do that all the time . that sun lamp be dangerous . should not even have they in the house , really . I bet that happen all the time . this be nothing . irving rosenfeld we be not happy . alright ? rosalyn just stare there for a moment at Irving say nothing . rosalyn rosenfeld you know that I could take Danny . you know that most of you work be illegal . and you know that if you try to divorce I , you know that -- I be not say that I would , but I be say that I could . and I be say that that be why I do not like divorce , Irving . woman do that in divorce . woman get the child , and then the father never see they . my mother never get divorced . my grandmother never get divorced . there be no divorce in my family . I be not get a divorce . irving rosenfeld come on . what be we do here ? rosalyn rosenfeld we fight and we fuck and that 's what we do . that 's we thing . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) she be the piccaso of passive aggressive karate . she be better than any con artist I would ever meet include myself . and she have I like nobody have I . rosalyn shed she muumuu , to reveal a white leotard . rosalyn rosenfeld Irving , come to mama . come on . 27 . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) you might say she be my karma for how I take advantage of people . rosalyn rosenfeld Irving , come here . come on . get into bed . irving rosenfeld alright . rosalyn rosenfeld 63 baby , there 's such good stuff here . 63 int . danny's room - night danny sit playing on the bed with he toy . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) I do not want to leave the kid behind . he be my son . she have I . I be she mark . int . london associate - day slow push in from wide shot behind new client / MARK , from the back , as they sit facing edith , to one side , and irv , behind the desk . camera keep pushing in slowly toward the back of the MARK be head as he face syd and irv . we now see the MARK : a charismatic , mercurial , wild eye businessman " mort papierman " in need of a loan . mort 's eye go from she knee to she eye -- his eye meet Sydney 's -- he look soulful , open . she stare at he . irv notice uncomfortably . he 's jealous . irving rosenfeld -- and every deal I take , I close . however , my fee be non refundable , just like my time . mort papierman / richie dimaso ( fill out paper work ) I want to thank you very much Irving for see I . sorry I be so nervous . richie reach for he top button to adjust it . 28 . mort papierman / richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) be I not buttone ? edith stare at he and smile . mort papierman / richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) I just gotta say Mr. rosenfeld , that Lady edith be very adamant that you be top notch and -- irving rosenfeld that 's correct . mort papierman / richie dimaso I really need you help . I be desperate . I have get the audis for collateral and the two boat , and I forget to mention that I have a little piece of real estate in Long Island . edith greensly no , you do not mention that . two lunch and you never mention that . mort papierman / richie dimaso oh , I be gonna mention it and then the guy with the hat walk in . edith greensly the hat . mort papierman / richie dimaso and I forget totally . it be the second time we have lunch . edith greensly you could not see he eye . he have no eye . it be like , do he make it ? mort papierman / richie dimaso ( laugh ) do they sell hat like that ? where do they come from ? actually , I go to the store that I think maybe he buy it there . I be gonna get you one -- edith greensly you be go to get I one ? 29 . mort papierman / richie dimaso like as a memento . Irving decide to interject . irving rosenfeld two lunch ? edith greensly yes . it 's two lunch . what 's the big deal ? irving rosenfeld that 's unusual . edith greensly I be try to get he to be more aggressive . on he loan that be . mort papierman / richie dimaso you show I a whole new side of the city I would never see before . edith greensly oh , good . you be welcome . mort papierman / richie dimaso no , thank you . irving rosenfeld yeah , right . you like it ? should I take you there ? edith greensly yes . irving rosenfeld should I take you there twice ? edith greensly stop . irving motion sydney to come close he whisper confidentially to her . irving rosenfeld ( confidential to edith ) what 's go on , you like this guy ? edith greensly yes I like this guy . 30 . irving rosenfeld be that mess up you judgement ? do not be stupid . sydney prosser no , he 's not mess with my judgment . irving rosenfeld hey , play you part . edith greensly Fine . you play you part . mort papierman / richie dimaso ( hold out cashier check ) take it to you people in London . please , take it to they . I get the cashier 's check right here . I give you five and you give I fifty right back , right ? please . please do not reject I . give a guy a chance . mort / richie repeatedly tries to hand it to irv , who be busy staring at sydney staring at mort . mort hold the check in the AIR uncomfortably awkwardly until -- almost in slow motion -- edith take the check -- stare at mort. irv start to leave - mort papierman / richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) Zurich ? you get a office in Zurich ? Paris ? I can call Paris ? irving rosenfeld if you could excuse I for one second ? mort papierman / richie dimaso yeah , take you time . do whatever you need to do . go ahead , take you time . he head to the rear exit while syd move to another -- irv open the door - bam -- a warrant be held up to he face by stocky FBI agent schmidt in a suit - he walk irv back into the office -- as edith open a side door -- bang - federal agent stock walk her back into the office with a warrant . irving rosenfeld you get the wrong office , you be gonna be embarrassed . 31 . the agent start putting edith in cuff immediately . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) hey , hey , hey ! go easy on her . mort papierman / richie dimaso I may not have you , Irving , but I have she on fraud . impersonate another individual . irving rosenfeld fraud ?! fraud ? what be that ? Identity fraud ? agent schmidt and stock immediately start taking box of file from drawer , impounding evidence . mort papierman / richie dimaso you may be from England , edith , but you be not royal and you have no banking connection and that 's a felony . how long be that ? that 's 3 - 5 year I think . edith greensly ( about the handcuffs ) hey ! not so tight ! irving rosenfeld oh really ? that 's interesting . I do not even know you real name . richie pull out a badge and shove it in Irving 's face . richie dimaso richie dimaso , FBI . Nice to meet you . richie look at edith with concern and point at Irving . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) you gotta get away from this guy . Agents take box of file out of the office - irv stand alone in center of room - shell - shocked . 64 int . FBI holding office - day . 64 sydney be LED into a holding cell by a FBI agent . 32 . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) he would not let I see she for three day . he even manage to delay a lawyer . int . FBI holding cell - day dim cell , light only from small high bar window , no light on . edith look like she 's come apart -- circle under she eye , a shadow of she confident self -- pale , scared , hair flat , stringy , unglamourous , pace , rock . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) 65 she could not handle it . 65 66 int . FBI holding cell - night 66 fluorescent light come on in the cell -- edith squint . cell be unlock by richie dimaso who enter with a cup and saucer of tea . he stand near she with the tea . richie dimaso ( to the other side of the two - way mirror ) Joe , how come the fluorescent be on ? can we kill that , please ? ( to syd ) Jesus I put this lamp here for you ' cause I think it would be better for you . there 's a wire here . they be scared because people hang themselves but I know you be too smart for that . where 's the table and chair ? there 's no bed here ? it 's like a fuck asylum . Joe , be everybody off today ? Jesus Christ it 's scary . maybe I want to scare you . I do not know . maybe it be my idea . maybe i'm a little off the beat path you know ? I do not know . you look dehydrated . here , want to try some tea ? oh yeah , you lip be all chap . ( be : tea ) it 's herbal . my favorite . richie bend down to edith who be sit on the floor in the corner and hand she the cup and saucer . she lift the cup but she hand be shaking almost violently as she raise the cup to she lip . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) I know you think -- look at I . hey. edith . ( more ) 33. richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) I know you think irv love you . I know you think you know he -- that he see the world as a cold , dark place , and he care about nobody but very few people on he short list : he son , he father , rosalyn , and you . and you think you be at the top of that list . but what if you be not . what if you be not even on the list at all ? he would be in here right now if he take the check . she think about this . she tremble . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) he would be in here right now if he take the check . but no , you do . God , it 's , it 's so clear to I . it 's so crazy -- it 's clear to I , but it 's not clear to you . he use you , edith , to protect himself . to protect he son and he wife in Long Island . no ? yes . he put a ring on she finger , he adopt she son . they have huge house , they have two car . what do she do all day ? I will tell you what she do -- she play with she nail , she watch t.v. , and she spend you money , the money that you make . edith stare at richie , take this in . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) I do not like that you be in jail while he 's go free . I do not like any of that . I want to help you . all the razzle - dazzle that he do , it 's not good . it 's not real . it 's fake . it 's not real . who you be be who you be , between you and God . you and you soul . that 's what matter . that 's what count . that 's what I be about . and that 's what I see in you . tell I you do not feel it the first time we see each other . be I crazy ? I do not think so . I be not suppose to be talk like this , but I do not care , I break the rule . edith look at richie in silence as she think about what he 's say . 34 . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) okay , edith ? edith . I want to help you . I like you . ( whisper ) I like you . ( dead serious ) I like you . 67 int . FBI office , federal office build , NY - day 67 irv stand alone on the other side of the glass stare at Sydney . Richard dimaso walk in . richie dimaso be in there three day . have not be so good for she . irv continue to stare at Sydney . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) how do that make you feel she in there ? that check be for you , right ? but you know something ' be off . that 's ' cause you be good . you be , like , the best at what you do in the whole country , be not you ? irv look at he . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) but you know what ? if the country be run by people like you , Irving rosenfeld we would be live in Eastern Europe or Guatemala . you ever be in Guatemala ? you ever be in jail in Guatemala ? you ever try to get a telephone or a permit or anything in Guatemala ? that 's what this country would be like if we let people , let the liar like you , run this country . irving rosenfeld who make you god and judge ? richie dimaso my grandmother live to be ninety - three year old . never lie in she life . irving rosenfeld congratulation . 35 . richie dimaso thank you . I be proud of that , too . do that make she not a good person ? be that not something to strive for ? irving rosenfeld why you break my ball ? get to the point . richie dimaso I see something in you , Irving . I get very excited . I think that we have a lot of potential here . now , look . I come up with the idea . it 's all from I . I want to change thing . I want to go after white collar crime . Irving , you be very skilled . and I want you to teach I and we can do this . I want four people that do what you do . fraudulent investment . Fake certificate of deposit . stolen art , fake art . you get I four people and you be off the hook . irving rosenfeld four bust and you will leave we alone ? we do not have to testify ? richie dimaso you be good , you be do . anything you want . but if you run , then you life be over . you will be hunt , and it 's gonna be very difficult for rosalyn and you kid to live in this country . 68 int . sydney's apartment bedroom - night 68 a nice upper east side apartment . Sydney have finally change she clothing from when she wear the same dress at the hold cell . it be quiet in the apartment - faint street noise from 3rd Avenue below . sydney prosser we need to leave . we need to run and we need to do it now . we can go to estonia or Romania , I do not care , we will take the cash from the bed and get out of here , alright ? we talk about it a hundred time . 36 . irv stare at she and struggle . irving rosenfeld what about Danny ? sydney prosser what about Danny ? irving rosenfeld I adopt he ! I give he my name ! I be not leave he with rosalyn , she 's unstable ! sydney prosser that 's a manipulation ! rosaly n's will never let you go . she will use Danny against you because she 's too mess up to let you leave . irving rosenfeld I can not leave he . I love he . alright ? he 's my son . sydney prosser richie say you would say that . irving rosenfeld richie ? what , the cop ? you on a first name basis with he ? sydney prosser yes I be . I be not even on you list be I ? irving rosenfeld what list ? sydney prosser you list . you short list . you long list . I be not even on anyone of you fuck list . I think you love I . I think we have something . irving rosenfeld we do have something . I love you , it 's perfect ! what be you say ? we be gonna go to Romania ? we be gonna take Danny ? sydney prosser yes . yes , that 's what I be say . you , I , Danny . 37 . irving rosenfeld well you never say that before . sydney prosser I be say it now . we be we , and we can make it a adventure like we do . we can make it a adventure like we make everything , alright ? but we have to go now . we have to leave right now . irving rosenfeld I can not leave Danny . I will lose custody . sydney prosser you have to take I away ! we have to leave ! ( sobbing ) what be you say ?! oh my god . irving rosenfeld what be you do ?! please ! Sydney go storming out of the room and down the hall of she apartment . Irving follow . sydney prosser I can not believe this be happen . irving rosenfeld do not say I do not love you because that 's bullshit ! sydney prosser ( sobbing ) this be bullshit . you be bullshit . we be bullshit . she start sobbing , shaking . irving rosenfeld please do not do this . sydney prosser I just never think you be con I . irving rosenfeld I could never con you . I love you . please do not say this . 38 . irv walk to she and bend down to join she on the floor as she sob . sydney prosser no , I be do . irving rosenfeld do not say that . sydney prosser ( cry ) I be gonna do this four bust , this four con , to get we out of this . not just I , but we . and I be gonna get really close with richie , the cop , in case we need to use he , if we need another move . irving rosenfeld we do not need another move . we need four bust , and we be do . sydney prosser we be go to need another move , trust I . and you be go to be thanking I . ( shift to british accent ) the key to people be what they believe and what they want to believe and I want to believe that we be real , and I want to believe that a man could want I . and I be gonna take all of that heartbreak , and all of that sorrow , and I be go to use it . and I be go to make richie think that I want he , and that I like he , and I be go to be very convincing -- and I be piss at you . Sydney reach over and carefully grab Irving 's face lovingly which quickly turn into a slap as she continue on . sydney prosser ( cont 'd ) because I be piss at you ! Irving stare at Sydney with confusion . he 's never see she like this before . sydney prosser ( cont 'd ) maybe I do like he -- maybe I like he a lot . from the foot up right -- baby ? Sydney get up from the couch and storm back to she room . 39 . sydney prosser ( cont 'd ) quite you belly aching and come up with something to get we out of this . and you be right -- I be in no state to deal with this so what 's it gonna be , mister mastermind ? SOUND prelap : richie dimaso ( o.s. ) 69 a arab sheik ? why do we need a 69 arab Sheik ? 70 int . art museum - day 70 richie , in sharp lapele suit , chain on he neck , walk with irv and edith and join by a man who look like a arab sheik who they trail . irving rosenfeld how do you think this work , stupid ? sydney prosser if you could not call he `stupid ' which he 's be not , he 's smarter than you . last I check he 's in control here and we work for he now so be nice . richie stare at edith elate that she just stick up for he . he 's really enjoy this position of power she 's put he in . irving rosenfeld ( stare at she , upset ) ok , to set this up and bust a con artist we have to make the honey pot to attract the bee . in order to attract the bee , we need to offer they a wealthy individual who can be take advantage of , someone special , someone new , someone amazing . then that guy will want to sell fake bank cds to that guy , take the sheik 's money , see ? richie look at Irving uncertain . sydney prosser only they can not get into he money unless you they know someone , and that someone be we . 40 . richie dimaso oh that 's good . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) so if you want to get somebody like you con artist friend -- Carl elway -- you get he to want to buy - - irving rosenfeld keep you voice down . richie dimaso -- or sell fake art or steal art or fake certificate of deposit , he need -- who do he need ? -- he need a rich sheik guy , and there you go -- we can pinch he ! irving rosenfeld right , but I do not tell elway shit . I wait for he to call I . the art world be a small world -- and one of elway 's acquaintance be clocking we right now . richie start to look around . richie dimaso where ? irving rosenfeld do not look . richie look anyway and see elway's acquaintance , a man bald , 45 clocking they from the balcony . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) you have a good look ? richie dimaso how do you know the Sheik ? irving rosenfeld this be my friend Al from queen . al from queen / sheik I do aluminum siding and roofing . richie stare , impressed . 41 . int . art museum - next room - continuous Irving , edith , richie , and the fake Sheik admire a rembrandt painting on the wall . irving rosenfeld I want to show you something . this rembrandt here ? people come from all over the world to see this . richie dimaso yeah , he 's good . irving rosenfeld it 's a fake . richie dimaso wait , what be you talk about ? that 's impossible . irving rosenfeld people believe what they want to believe . Cause the guy who make this be so good that it 's real to everybody . now whose the master -- the painter or the forger ? richie 's continue to stare at the rembrandt on the wall . richie dimaso that 's a fake ? irving rosenfeld that 's the way the world work . not black and white as you say . extremely grey . elway's acquaintance walk up to Irving and the group and step into the conversation . elway's acquaintance Irving can I -- irving rosenfeld how many time I gotta tell you . you can not meet the sheik , alright ? edith see this and step into the conversation . edith greensly Arthur ? hi. edith . we have meet before . 42 . edith greensly ( cont 'd ) I want to introduce you to Robert Spencer . we be advise the Sheik together . she look at richie . richie offer he hand . richie dimaso ( catch up ) yeah , I be Robert Spencer , advisor to the sheik . 70a ext . chelsea HOTEL -- establishing - day 70 a 71 int . office of carl elway - successful , but shady - day 71 carl elway , 40 , preppie waspy , very old fashioned with cigarette holder , but something vaguely criminal about he , in he conservative suit , natty white and red stripe shirt , and navy blue tie sit with Irving . carl elway what 's this I hear about a god damn Sheik ?! why you leave I out of this ? I gotta hear about it from my friend ? irving rosenfeld it be not for you Carl . carl elway what do you mean it be not for I ? we gotta do certificate of deposit . I can print as many as you need . irving rosenfeld this be not a one man operation . carl elway look , I can get other guy . what be you talk about Irving ? irving rosenfeld you be tell I that you can get four guy to sell fake certificate of deposit to my investor within a week ? the camera zoom into Irving 's shirt collar revealing a tiny microphone . 43. carl elway yes I can make that happen . Carl elway can do what he say he 's go to do . irving rosenfeld that 's interesting but you know I have get other guy line up . I have get a meeting with my associate . suddenly carl elway's assistant , open the door and enter . richie dimaso and edith be stand there -- much to irv be dismay . carl elway's assistant Carl , he associate be here . he 's get a meeting he 's get to go to . carl elway no wait . do not go anywhere . irving rosenfeld I have get to go . Irving get up to walk out as richie and edith stand in the doorway . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) crazy thing about people -- the more you say no , the more they want in on something . it be so stupid . Irving look over at richie and edith . irving rosenfeld I will tell they , do not worry . hey you know what Carl just tell I ? he say he could do this whole thing with four guy within a week . carl elway or we could do something ' much bigger ! richie jump into the conversation . richie dimaso something bigger ? my guy deal with hundred of million of dollar . how much bigger ? he walk over to Carl . 44 . carl elway hundred of million -- I know you be holdin ' out on I Irving ! hundred of million of dollar ? like much bigger . like I be talk about we say never the fuck mind the CD 's and we could have some complete access to something huge . richie dimaso huge ? like what ? ( introduce himself ) Robert Spencer , advisor to the Sheik . carl elway Carl elway . irv stare at richie with contempt , then turn to edith , dressed to the nine . carl elway ( cont 'd ) I want you to think of the most undervalue asset in the state of New Jersey today . the rebuild of Atlantic City . richie look over at Irving and Sydney and mouth the word " wow " . carl elway ( cont 'd ) look , maybe they , maybe they legalize gambling a year ago but nothing 's happen . Irving interject . irving rosenfeld hey , quit while you be ahead Carl . carl elway I know the guy . I know the right people who be go to help you out . richie dimaso whose the guy ? carl elway the guy be carmine polito . richie dimaso whose carmine polito ? 45 . 75 int . FBI office , federal office build , NY 75 push in : stoddard thorsen , richie 's FBI supervisor . stoddard thorsen ( shake he finger `no ' ) carmine polito ? carmine polito , no . we freeze frame on stoddard as we hear richie be vo : as richie talk we see a short film about carmine polito : - push in : Mayor polito walk a camden street wave , shake hand of well -wisher richie dimaso ( v.o. ) my boss stoddard proceed to tell I that carmine polito be the most quietly powerful person in the state of New Jersey . a lifetime native of the very racially mix camden , which have become a ghetto , and where he have be Mayor for ten year . a very beloved guy . a guy who never give up on he people . his father have emigrate from Italy and have stoke coal . - Frank sinatras coffee song , 1940s version , as we see carmine talk to and dance joyfully with he kid and wife at breakfast . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) a big family guy with five kid . they even adopt some other kid . a black kid from the boy and Girls Club who would lose he family . I mean , he household be a joyous place . and he wife dolly , she be the apple of he eye and the center of the household . I mean everyone love this guy . - pull out Mayor polito walk up step of City Hall as he greet a woman and she baby ; into he office greet by a couple of aide who show he papers to sign . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) and he have a huge heart . 46 . 78 int . camden CITY hall - w.p.a. mural room - day 78 carmine polito ( give speech ) the w.p.a. employ craftsman to paint this during the Depression . why can not we employ people today to do work like this in rebuild Atlantic City ? richie dimaso ( v.o. ) he work with all the union . he be the leader of the State Assembly . and he have just get gambling legalize in New Jersey to create job . 80 -- floor of state assembly -- carmine huddle with other 80 state legislator , horsetrade and then pose for a picture with other member of the State Assembly . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) but he could not get the fund to rebuild Atlantic City and that be he problem . so with we help , he be about to have he hand in the wrong pocket at the wrong time . and to I that mean corrupt 81 back to : 81 stoddard thorsen you say grifter and con artist . we be not go after some politician . this be a bad idea , Richard . richie dimaso shhhh . look , it 's really simple . all you need be to put two million in a chase account -- stoddard thorsen what ?! richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) -- under the Sheik 's name -- stoddard thorsen whose two million ?! 47 . richie dimaso shh , just listen . two million dollar under the Sheik 's name , in a chase account that we control . carmine call up on the telephone -- call the bank -- and he see that the Sheik be real and he have a real account . five day . stoddard thorsen I be not take two million dollar of the taxpayer ' money and put it anywhere for five day , I do not care if we control it the whole time . richie as he stare at stoddard in frustration . richie dimaso stoddard , let we do what we need to do to rule out corruption and to get rid of the payoff guy that be ruin this country . that 's my dream . do not smother it , please . stoddard thorsen you know Richard , I understand you eagerness . I really do . you know I be from Michigan , right ? let I tell you a story about I , and my dad , and my brother . we use to go ice fishing every November . Ice fishing . that 's what we live for . richie dimaso Holy shit -- stoddard thorsen just listen to I . it 's beautiful . you have a little stove . you huddle around , you keep each other warm . you drop a line and you just wait . one year my brother say , " let 's go in October . " he want to go ice fishing in October . my dad say , " no , the ice be too thin . " my brother say -- I love my brother he say -- 48 . richie dimaso I understand what 's happen . you be say you brother go out on the ice , the ice be too thin , he fall through the ice , he go in the water because he be too eager , and you be say I be too eager -- that 's what you be say ? stoddard thorsen no , that 's not what I be say . richie dimaso what be you say ? stoddard thorsen we will finish the ice fishing story another time , young man . for now , no carmine polito . go do you job . richie look at he annoyed and upset . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) stoddard shot the whole thing down . richie dimaso bore . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but edith be a genius . 83 see b-roll of : edith and richie walk back into FBI building , 83 84 down corridor ; 84 richie dimaso ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she somehow find this woman who control the wire room . a woman I would never hear of . Way back in a warren bury in the Bureau . this cat lady nobody even talk to . edith meet she in the lady room and become friend with she . this lady handle all the wire and now , she be work with we . smash to : 85 edith and richie enter to find brenda , FBI , matronly , older ; 85 edith carry a basket of exotic teas ; 49 . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she be excited to be include in a operation instead of be on the other end of a memo . it be beautiful . edith go to hand she the pimm cup and basket of teas . edith greensly Brenda , hi ! brenda mcpherson hi! edith greensly you say you like exotic food , so that 's from England . brenda mcpherson that 's from England ? edith greensly that 's right . and I bring you some tea as well . brenda mcpherson thank you so much ! nobody ever tell I about this operation , they just say , " Brenda , do the clerical wiring work and do not ask question . " edith greensly you need to tell richie about you cat . he love they . brenda mcpherson oh my cat ?! Brenda start point out picture of all she cat tack to the wall amidst the wire memo and paperwork . brenda mcpherson ( cont 'd ) well that 's Harry -- look at he stand up , be not that sweet ? and that 's Wendy . she 's a rascal . but barnaby , that 's another story . barnaby play the piano ! richie dimaso that 's impressive . 50 . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we get she to wire two million dollar into a f.b.i.- control account at chase . it would be there for five day and if polito call he would see that the Sheik be real . 86 hallway of FBI 86 edith and richie laugh excitedly as they walk the hallway . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) by the time stoddard catch up to we edith make sure he boss be impressed by my idea . so before he even know it be happen he boss be call to congratulate he . push in on chief US prosecutor , special task force , ANTHONY amado in he large office on the phone with stoddard -- ANTHONY amado I be very impressed . that be very smart . the Sheik with the money in the bank be a fantastic ... do not be modest . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) Anthony amado . he be the U.S. Attorney , and he have a major hard - on to make a name for himself . I mean this guy love the idea of be famous . and stoddard have to say it be he own idea or he would look stupid in front of he boss . int . stoddard office -- 89 push in on stoddard -- confuse , dismay . 89 stoddard thorsen thank you , sir , wait , the sheik -- int . stoddard office - day he hang up , piss , confuse . 51 . stoddard thorsen you make I accept praise from my boss who 's thanking I for something that never shoulda happen ! something that I do not approve ! richie dimaso you should be happy . there 's imaginative thing happen in this office , alright ? we be not just work in a box . richie leave triumphant . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we get the two million to put carmine and the Sheik together . stoddard thorsen punk . 90 int . corridor of FBI -- day 90 laugh richie and edith walk briskly on they way out . richie dimaso ( v.o. ) I like be on this side of the line . but someone have be leave out . 91 int . sydney's apartment - day 91 irving rosenfeld we succeed because we stay small . I get you Carl elway . he buy steal art , sell fake bank C.D. 's , that 's enough . that 's one . I get you three more -- no politician . richie and edith look at he . richie dimaso you be gonna do this because you get no choice . you work for I . irving rosenfeld now you keep change the rule . you be gettin ' a little power drunk , Richard . ( more ) 52 . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) you want to tell he , edith ? you want to wake he up ? edith greensly oh no , I say we should not do any of it , Irving . you know I say that . so now I support richie . he 's get vision . do it heavy or do not do it . irving rosenfeld I mean , he 's the one ruin America , not I . richie dimaso how the hell be I ruin America ? irving rosenfeld because people just get over watergate and Vietnam , alright ? and you be gonna shit all over politician again ? and just because you want to be a big shot and get a promotion . richie dimaso no I be think big . this be gonna be fantastic . we be do video surveillance . I be do this from the foot up . irving rosenfeld you will never do it properly because you get too much government attitude to be small and sleek . I be like the fuckin' vietcong , man . I be in and I be out . I be there the whole time -- you do not know it . that 's the fuck art of become somebody who people can pin they belief and they dream on . and you can not do it . richie dimaso how about a suite at the Sheraton Hotel ? irving rosenfeld for carmine polito and rebuild Atlantic City ? richie dimaso why not ? 53. irving rosenfeld you need a luxury hotel for the Sheik . come on ! richie dimaso carmine do back door dealing all the time . we do not have a budget for that Irving ! irving rosenfeld you gotta knock the Mayor , the speaker of the State Assembly -- you gotta knock he off of he fuck foot . he 's gotta feel like he 's out of he league . what you be offer , this deal , I mean , this be unheard of in the state of New Jersey , maybe even the whole fuck country . a sheik with hundred of million of dollar to rebuild Atlantic City -- be you fuckin ' kid I ? that 's gigantic . and the Mayor , he 's go to want to see cash , he 's go to want to see it in a account , he 's go to want to see it right now , and he will check . and that 's why this meeting be not happen , because to get million , you need million . edith listen intently . edith greensly ( shrug ) we already do it . irving rosenfeld ( stunne ) what ? irv study richie and edith . edith greensly we get the bureau to park 2 million for three day -- we get the account number . irving rosenfeld ` we ' meaning you and he ? richie dimaso yeah we do it . 54 . irving rosenfeld really ? edith greensly yeah , I and that guy . richie dimaso she show I . irving rosenfeld you show he we thing ? you do that without I ? be you kid I ? edith greensly what be you go to do ? irving and richie look at sydney , uncertain . irving shake he head in disgust and leave . richie stare at sydney swinging her legs on the counter as she sit . richie dimaso you play I ? be we do this ? or you play he ? it would be very bad for you if you be play I . edith greensly you be go to have to decide for yourself , kid , I just laid everything out on the table . richie dimaso this be all very exciting , I never know life could be like this . you be wild . you know we be take down a very important politician . richie stand very close to edith - between she leg as she sit on the counter . he put he hand on she hip , pull she into he . he take she hand -- put it on he face , make she feel he cheek and forehead with she hand . it be intense . she prepare for he to kiss she but he step back . they be both excited . they stare at each other . the air be thick with tension , richie exhales and leave . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) ( prelap ) ( more ) 55 . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) this be agent Richard dimaso , I be place $ 75,000 into this briefcase for Mayor carmine polito to procure casino license and building permit for Atlantic City . back to : 92 int . plaza HOTEL suite - day 92 where the film start -- see richie talk to camera in a corner of the plaza suite -- close on money counted into briefcase -- smash to : irving be eye widen as we CUT to : richie slide the briefcase of cash , as see before , edith put she hand on top of richie 's to stop he . irv' eye widen as in `no ! don't do that ! ' while he and richie stare at each other . carmine look disturbed at the case coming he way . he stand . 93 ext . plaza HOTEL -- day 93 carmine polito , upset , storm down the street as Irving catch up . irving rosenfeld Mr. Mayor -- please stop . listen , I apologize if that prick offended you . I really apologize . carmine will not turn around -- Irving catch up . carmine polito really , I be all right , thank you . I be okay . irving rosenfeld no . I be fuck embarrassed to be associate with that guy at all . can I just say something ' to you , please ? do not lose this opportunity to fuckin' Florida -- all right ? -- because of some bullshit from that punk advisor with he diploma who could never get into the school that we come from . do not lose that opportunity . 56 . carmine polito where you from ? irving rosenfeld I be from the bronx . Grand concourse , hundre and sixty -fourth Street . this reach carmine . he and irv be CUT from the same cloth . carmine polito I get a lot of friend that live up there . I go to tomaso 's on Arthur Avenue . you know tomasos 's ? irving rosenfeld yeah , tomaso 's . carmine polito the spicy clam . irving rosenfeld yes . they be always good . carmine polito oh , they be to fuck die for , that clam . I have not be there in a while . I like that place . irving rosenfeld carmine -- can I call you carmine ? you know , carmine -- ( catch he breath ) my fuckin ' heart 's go from run down the stair -- I be not use to run . there 's a lotta green grass in that hotel room up there , alright ? and all the deal would float through you . you get a serious piece on both end . you do with that what you will . I live in the real world , I be a family man , I get mouth to feed and everything . but , you know , we just ... we gotta grease you directly . no middlemen , no bullshit . it 's the arab way . carmine polito yeah , look , I understand . it 's a great opportunity . it 's just I get a little throw by go to have a meeting with somebody who end up not be there , so -- 57 . irving rosenfeld hey , listen , I be throw as well . carmine polito I understand . I will deal with you directly . I do not want any middleman or any of that bullshit . irving rosenfeld done . carmine polito I like you . Eye to eye . we can do business together . irv smile and nod as they walk back into the hotel together . carmine polito ( cont 'd ) how long do you know this guy ? you work with this guy before ? irving rosenfeld I gotta work with he . he 's the Sheik 's man . carmine polito but I still need to meet the Sheik , okay ? irving rosenfeld done . 94 int . sydney's apartment - day 94 irving rosenfeld I be go out to dinner with carmine and the wife in camden . richie dimaso who ? irving rosenfeld carmine and myself and the wife . richie dimaso what ?! without I ?! 58 . irving rosenfeld he do not like you , what do you want from I , I get he to come back and take the money and you get he on tape alright ? I can not make he like you . I do my job . richie dimaso do you tell he you be work with I ? that I be the Sheik 's associate ?! irving rosenfeld I just fuck tell you he do not like you . I mean , let he have a night out with a human be for fuck 's sake , he 's go to jail soon . you be do with he . you get he on tape take a bribe . richie dimaso carmine have get to deal with I , Irving . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) we be gonna use carmine . we be gonna use carmine to get other people , that 's what we be gonna do . irving rosenfeld what ?! like who ?! richie dimaso carmine 's gonna use the Sheik to pay off people . irving rosenfeld be you fuckin ' nut ? what be you say -- richie dimaso we be gonna let carmine show the Sheik Atlantic City , how he 's gonna renovate hotel , and see who show up . whoever the Sheik pay off for license and casinos , that 's who we be gonna go after . we be gonna go after all of them ! irving rosenfeld more politician ? you realize how fuckin ' dangerous that be ? there 's no fuck reason with you . ( more ) 59 . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) edith and I be so successful for so long because we keep it just small enough . you be takin ' we to a very fuck dangerous place , with very serious number ! richie dimaso if you that successful , how come you wound up in this room with I ? take order from I . edith greensly you be take you wife out to dinner ? you fuck wife ? do I just hear you correctly ? irving rosenfeld that 's the one thing you hear I say ? edith greensly I just find it rather shocking that 's all . irving rosenfeld I get to handle two wife with one dinner , alright ? I take rosalyn out , she keep she mouth shut , she see that my work be legitimate , I get to keep my kid , and I get to keep ( point at richie ) that fuck wife happy . both wife happy . int . sydney's apartment - night Sydney sit alone in she apartment , hair in curler and spark a joint . 96 int . richie dimaso' apartment - night 96 richie sit in he bathroom , he hair in tight curler , as he eat a chicken wing . richie' mother ( o.s. ) Richard ! what be you do ? do not eat in the bathroom , I tell you so many time ! and Diane bring napoleon for dessert . come out of the bathroom and pray ! 60 . he open door - reveal wholesome looking nice queen girl dressed neatly and holding up a pastry BOX -- richie dimaso oh my god , what do you do ? CUT to : 97 richie' mother , italian , her hair pulled back . 97 richie' mother Richard , the filter be break in the fish tank . it 's a problem . richie dimaso see , you job be to do the filter , Mom , mine be to do the gravel . when you do not do the filter right all the fish die . see ? richie' mother I can not get the top on that filter . richie dimaso I have go over this a hundred time mom -- CUT to : richie , he girlfriend , and mother all sit at the table with food infront of they as they start to pray . richie' mother -- and please help Richard to marry Diane so that I may have grandchild and the Pope may have more follower . and please bless this food that we be about to eat - - the telephone ring off screen . richie get up to grab it . richie dimaso yeah , hello ? smash to : edith greensly hi. richie dimaso who 's this ? 61 . edith greensly it 's edith . richie' mother ( o.s. ) sit down and pray properly ! richie dimaso be you alright ? edith greensly yeah , I be fine , I be just alone , you know ? Irving 's out with carmine . richie dimaso that 's right , he go out with carmine and he wife . you must not feel so good about that . richie' girlfriend ( o.s. ) Richard , sit down ! edith greensly wait who 's there ? who be you with ? richie dimaso oh , no , it 's just people . richie' girlfriend ( o.s. ) people ? I be you fiance ! Richard ! edith greensly oh , you have get a fiance . you be engage . richie dimaso well , I do not know , no fiance . I do not know . edith greensly you do not know if you have a fiance ? richie dimaso I do not know -- edith greensly you do not know ? you do not know if you have a fiance ? richie' mother ( o.s. ) the fish filter be break ! 62 . richie dimaso I do not . no. edith greensly hmm -- interst . richie dimaso hey , you want to get together ? richie' mother ( o.s. ) Richard , do something about the fish tank . edith greensly fifty-fourth Street ? richie dimaso ok , fifty - fourth street . edith greensly ok . smash to : richie walk over to he mother , sit down in front of her . ella fitzgerald be " it's do - lovely " plays . richie dimaso that 's what that phone call 's about . everybody think , " oh , richie dimaso 's gonna stay in the office , push papers . " that 's not gonna happen , Mom . I be outside in the field . I get people work for I . my idea . I be run the show . I be the quarterback . and I be not gonna settle for no one , Mom . richie kiss her on the cheek and exit . smash to : 98 ext. baron' italian restaurant - camden - night 98 ella carry over as -- slow motion : carmine and dolly polito ( big frost hair ) get out of he maroon lincoln town car . irv and rosalyn rosenfeld get out of he green cadillac . some local shout to the mayor . CUT to : 63. 99 int . table at baron' italian restaurant - camden - night 99 ella continue . mixture of local : italian , polish , black and puerto rican -- wave to the mayor from the bar , and table , as irv and rosalyn follow . 100 they sit at booth -- 100 carmine polito rocco , you know like we do . the chicken very thin . you should see the way he do this chicken with the red sauce dolly polito it 's beautiful . carmine polito right ? with the red sauce , the lemon -- dolly kiss carmine as he give he wife 's leg a squeeze and kiss she cheek , then she mouth . irv and rosalyn squeeze hand on the table . she knock back a glass of red wine as a plate of Chicken picatta be serve to the table . dolly polito it 's the piccata of the god ! she pull away awkwardly , waiter refill she glass which she throw back right away . irv look concerned . they all drink . 101 CUT to - later : carmine and Irving talk . 101 irving rosenfeld I believe that you should treat people the way that you want to be treat . carmine polito right . irving rosenfeld do not Jesus say that or something ? carmine polito he may have . 64 . irving rosenfeld also , always take a favor over money . I think Jesus say that as well . carmine polito ( laugh ) I do not know if he say the second one but he may have say the first one . CUT to -- rosalyn drunkenly leans in talking to dolly polito rosalyn rosenfeld ( show she nail ) I chip they move furniture , it 's my obsession -- move , be - decorate , it make I feel better like exercise . there 's this top coat that you can only get from Switzerland and I do not know what I be go to do because I be run out of it but I love the smell of it . dolly polito I can get that for you , of course . rosalyn rosenfeld there 's something , the topcoat , ( sniff nail ) it 's like perfumey but there 's also something rotten ? I know that sound crazy , but I can not get enough of it . dolly laugh . rosalyn rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) no , smell it . it 's true . dolly , historically the best perfume in the world , they be all lace with something nasty and foul . it 's true ! she put it under irv 's nose as he talk to carmine , he sniff , close he eye , nod without even look . rosalyn rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) Irving love they . he can not get enough of they . irving rosenfeld I can not get enough . 65 . rosalyn rosenfeld ( hand out to carmine ) carmine , sweet and sour . rotten and delicious . she lean across the table and put they under carmine 's nose . carmine polito smell like flower . rosalyn rosenfeld Flowers , but with garbage . carmine polito you know what that be for I ? it 's coriander for I . rosalyn rosenfeld Irving love it . he can not get enough . that 's what hook you . he always come back for it . irving rosenfeld I can not stop . rosalyn rosenfeld ( confidentially to dolly ) he 's gonna say we have to talk business in five , four , three , two , one -- irving rosenfeld ( to girl ) dolly , can I and the mayor talk business here ? rosalyn rosenfeld ( fall off she seat ) ahh-ha-hahaaaaaaaahhhhh ! carmine and dolly rush to grab rosalyn ; julius , carmine 's steadfast aide , black , 40 , big sideburn , loosened tie and white shirtsleeve , big smile , help . rosalyn rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) no , do not do that it make I look more drunk than I be ! I be not this drunk . Irving please do not make I go , I be just start to have fun ! she wobbles into arm of he wife dolly , she and carmine help guide rosalyn out . 66 . 102 ext . west 54 th STREET - night 102 Todd rundgren 's " I saw the Light " play somewhere . edith dress in tight Halston dress , hair flow huge all round she ; walk with richie , who be wait in a white gray suit with a white disco collar outside the lapel , chain around he neck . edith greensly do not you fiance want to come out tonight ? richie dimaso yeah , no , I do not know . edith greensly I be sorry , we do not have to talk about it . I be just teasing you . richie dimaso do you ever think , how do I end up here ? how do my life become this ? you ever think that ? and you wonder , be I ever gonna get to a better place or be this it ? you ever feel like that ? edith stare , nod yes . edith greensly I do . I definitely know that . edith nod put a hand on he face . edith greensly ( cont 'd ) I be sorry we do not have to go dance . we can go have coffee or talk or something . richie dimaso no , I need this . please , I need to go dance with you . richie reach down and squeeze she hand . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) please . 103 edith smile . 103 edith greensly ok baby , let 's go dance . int . DISCO - night 67 . richie and edith dance and dance and sweat to donna summer 's " I feel Love " -- dance -- riding a high . edith excuse herself to go to bathroom -- break away through crowd -- leave richie on dance floor -- then suddenly break away -- rush through the crowd -- 104 get to the lady room just as sydney doe -- he push her 104 from behind into a stall -- she put her hand on the top of the stall wall as richie run he hand up her legs from her ankle and under her dress - she leans her ass back into it arch her back -- suddenly richie stop , throw himself back against the other stall wall , out of breath . edith look over her shoulder -- richie dimaso I really fuck like you . edith greensly I like you too . I want to live , alright . for real . no more fake shit . alright ? she get 's real close to he face , almost about to kiss . edith greensly ( cont 'd ) we be go to wait until we decide to go for love richie . for real . that 's when we fuck . not till then , ok ? richie dimaso ok . girl outside stall ( o.s. ) be you gonna fuck for real or get out of the stall for real ? edith greensly no more fake shit . richie dimaso no more fake shit . edith greensly no more fake shit ! girl outside stall fuck I I gotta piss ! the girl outside the stall bang on the door . 68 . she hold he mouth in one hand and lean in and kiss he - they get lose -- edith greensly get out ! she shove he out of the stall , lock it . richie dimaso ( outside stall ) I want to be fuck real ! richie laugh manically excite as he stand amid many women who shove he out the door . in the stall syd sit exhilarantly and throws her head back laughing hysterically - giddy . edith greensly ahhhhhhh ! smash to : 105 int . baron be back room - camden social club - night 105 irv and carmine joyously sing Tom Jones ' " delilah " with a raunchously happy group of local . smash to : int . baron' back room - camden social club - night - later carmine put down glass of bourbon as he address everyone emotionally as he look at Irving . carmine polito ( to julius ) this guy right here , Irving rosenfeld ? you know what he 's gonna do ? he 's gonna bring the Sheik to Atlantic City , where we can rebuild all that resort there , put everybody back to work . Irving stare and be move by this . tear come to he eye , he feel bad about it all suddenly . carmine polito ( cont 'd ) he 's gonna get this community -- he 's gonna get this state -- back on its foot where it belong . be not that right ? ( more ) 69 . carmine polito ( cont 'd ) he 's gonna grow we tax base and create thousand and thousand of job for everyone . you understand that ? you know what that mean ? julius to Irving . girl to Irving ! carmine sit down on the couch next to Irving . carmine polito this guy right here . he 's get a big heart . irving rosenfeld ( quietly ) I would just hate it if it do not work out . carmine polito what do you mean ? of course it 's go to work out . guy like you and I ? we dream and we build . we never give up . we never quit . smash to : 106 egg , pancakes , and bacon cook on a diner griddle . 106 107 quiet -- int . diner - morning 107 irv and carmine eat breakfast . carmine polito can I ask you a question . irving rosenfeld sure . carmine polito be the sheik black ? Irving look flummox . irving rosenfeld he 's a arab . they look at each other . 70 . carmine polito that 's black , be not it ? irv be not sure what to say . irving rosenfeld why you ask ? carmine polito maybe it 's a dumb question , but I be just wonder -- I would like to arrange for the Sheik to see camden . to see the people of camden . the people I serve . the people I love . who be mostly black and Puerto rican . I really want he to see how good this be go to be for the community , how ready we be for this opportunity , and he can see how far he dollar will go . you know what I mean ? what do you think ? irving rosenfeld yeah we can do that . he can see camden . carmine polito ( relieved ) hey , I get something I wanna give to you . irving rosenfeld for I ? carmine polito I get you a gift . let 's get out of here . the girl be go to kill we I be sure . CUT to : 108 ext . diner parking lot - morning 108 they walk in the morning sun to carmine 's lincoln where he open the trunk and they stare at what be inside . irving rosenfeld what be it ? 71 . carmine polito it 's a microwave . it heat up everything . pasta , lasagna , meatball , whatever . irving rosenfeld really ? carmine polito it 's science , yeah . that 's how it heat up the food . it 's scientific . irving rosenfeld and you specifically buy this science oven for I . carmine polito ( carmine stare meaningfully at irv ) yes . a new friend . irv be touch . he see it be a sincere gift from carmine , because carmine like he ; not cynical in any way . irving rosenfeld thank you . carmine polito do not put metal in it . come on , let 's get out of here . smash to : ext . FBI build - day richie dimaso ( o.s. ) I need a jet at teeterboro . 109 int . FBI office , federal office build , NY - day 109 richie dimaso I need a jet at teeterboro for the sheik . stoddard thorsen you do not need a jet . let he walk to the curb at JFK . 72 . richie dimaso stoddard , that 's not how it work . you get to do it from the foot up . stoddard thorsen that do not mean anything . what 's that mean ? richie dimaso it mean you gotta be commit ! it mean you gotta be commit to something in you life , for Christ 's sake . I want a jet at Teterboro for the Sheik . it can be a small jet . it do not even have to take off , cause I know you be so worried about how much money the Bureau 's gonna fuck spend . it can take off and land on the tarmac , okay ? stoddard thorsen alright , you can have a jet for a hour , but it take off and land at Teterboro . richie dimaso I get the jet ? stoddard thorsen you get the jet . richie dimaso 110 thank you . 110 richie go to walk out of stoddard 's office but stop at the door . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) so tell I the rest of the ice fishing story . stoddard thorsen where be I ? richie dimaso you father wake you up , it be a blizzard , it be Lake canoga . come on ! 73. stoddard thorsen okay , well , my brother and I be on the ice and my father come out of the house and I could see he come . he be hold a lantern , and it be in the blizzard and I know he be gonna be angry . so I go to intercept my father because I know if he see what my brother be do he be go to kill he . richie cut he off . richie dimaso so you try to protect you brother , but you could not and that 's why you feel bad , because you be try to protect I and you be worried about I . be that what the story 's about ? about protection ? stoddard thorsen no , it 's not about protection . richie dimaso it 's not about protection ? stoddard thorsen no . richie dimaso alright , fine . richie walk out the door . 111 int . rosalyn's kitchen - day 111 ros talk to herself carry tin foil cover tray of lasagna . rosalyn rosenfeld ( to herself ) " do not put metal in the science oven , do not put metal in the science oven , rosalyn " ... always treat I like a fuck child . I will do whatever I want . she put the tin foil lasagna into microwave . after a few moment it spark , explode into flame . danny run in . 74 . danny ( run in ) another fire ! rosalyn rosenfeld ( grab a fire extinguisher ) no , Danny , not that one ! that one 's empty ! we gotta use the big one ! smash to : irving rosenfeld I tell you not to put metal in the science oven . why do you do that for ? rosalyn rosenfeld do not make such a big deal . just get another one . irving rosenfeld I do not want another one . I want the one that carmine give I . rosalyn rosenfeld " I want the one carmine give I ! " carmine , carmine , why do not you just marry carmine , get a little gold microwave and put it on a chain around you neck . you want to be more like carmine ? why do not you build something like he do , instead of all you empty deal that be just like you fuck science oven . you know I read that it take all of the nutrition out of we food . it 's empty , just like you deal . empty , empty ! irving rosenfeld that 's bullshit . rosalyn rosenfeld it 's not bullshit . I read it in a article . look , by Paul brodeur . 75 . she hand he the magazine . rosalyn rosenfeld bring something into this house that 's gonna take all the nutrition out of we food and then light we house on fire ? thank God for I . ros stare defiantly , click she nail on the counter . pre - lap jet roar , irving stare at ROS and burned oven and look at the magazine article . 112 ext . teeterboro airport tarmac , new jersey - day 112 jet roar landing . a small airport . irv stand alone , stare at edith and richie kissing . richie , in long full length fleece line suede coat , walk over towards where carmine stand . CUT to : 113 irv and sydney walking across tarmac . 113 irving rosenfeld I do not think you should come to carmine 's party tonight . you look beautiful by the way . edith greensly do not look at I . do not look at my leg , do not look at my hair , do not smell my hair , do not ask I how I be , do not talk to I outside of this role , ' cause we be do . irving rosenfeld what be you do ? get under the umbrella . it 's just that carmine want rosalyn to come . edith greensly I do not care . you be not listen . I do not care if rosalyn come . just do you job , okay ? you be nothing to I until you be everything . I be not rosalyn . I be not gonna put up with that shit . they arrive at richie as the jet arrive on the tarmac . richie dimaso now that 's a fuck jet right ? 76 . irving rosenfeld it 's good . richie dimaso that 's the kinda move you need to make . they walk towards the jet and walk on leave carmine and edith wait outside . int . private jet - continuous irv and richie step aboard to find FBI agent paco hernandez put on a regal look white arab keffyeh headdress and robe -- he look noble . two agent pose as body guard . richie dimaso paco , richie dimaso , good to meet you in person [ shake paco 's hand ] - this be Irving rosenfeld . irv nod to paco and the other agent . paco hernandez paco hernandez . Nice to meet you . irving rosenfeld paco ? he 's - - wait , he 's not a real arab . paco hernandez no. I be mexican . from tuscon . irving rosenfeld wait , where 's my guy ? where 's Al from queen ? richie dimaso who ? irving rosenfeld my friend from queen . where be he ? what be you do ? richie dimaso I gotta hire a f.b.i. guy . irving rosenfeld what be you -- ( to paco ) you speak any Arabic ? paco hernandez yeah . Abdullah Ahmed . 77 . irving rosenfeld that 's it ? that 's all you get ? paco hernandez no , I have a couple phrase . Irving be not sure , look paco up and down . irving rosenfeld ( to richie ) from the foot up , you motherfucker . what be you do ? ( to paco ) Act normal . that 's it . like you can barely understand English . you can not speak it . you say as little as possible . you follow my lead . alright ? paco hernandez ( to richie ) who 's run this ? I think you be run it . richie dimaso I be run this but you have gotta listen to he . he 's the guy with the vision . irving rosenfeld I have get the vision ? you know what vision I have ? you just kissing my girl outside . that 's what vision I have . richie dimaso ( stare at Irving ) I think you guy break up . I be give you a compliment . paco hernandez what 's go on ? richie dimaso do not worry about it . Irving take a expensive look ceremonial knife out of he jacket pocket and hold it out to paco . irving rosenfeld you get a knife . this be for the Mayor . you have get to present it to he . look I in the eye . this mean a lot to you . right ? that knife . paco hernandez ok . 78 . irving rosenfeld play it . you present it . " friendship for life , " alright ? you gotta feel it . Sacred . can you do it ? paco hernandez right. Sacred . irving rosenfeld you gotta sell it . richie dimaso sell it . irving rosenfeld if you believe it 's sacred , it 's sacred . richie dimaso listen to what he 's say . irving rosenfeld can you do it ? richie dimaso it 's the detail . that 's what make this guy a genius . irving rosenfeld again ? you compliment I again . what be this , rub salt in the wound ? Irving stare incredulously . richie dimaso I be compliment you . ( to paco ) any other question ? paco hernandez yeah , I think the name of this operation be offensive . richie dimaso what ? paco hernandez abscam . " arab scam ? " it 's racist . irving rosenfeld be you fuck kid ? what do you care ? you be mexican . 79 . 115 ext . teterboro airport tarmac - day 115 elo 's " 10538 overture " kick on . irv and richie exit the plane walk slightly behind the " sheik " and he " bodyguard " - the sheik in the front . the Sheik hand the ceremonial knife to carmine and bow he head -- carmine polito hello Sheik , my friend . welcome . on behalf of the great state of New Jersey I want to welcome you to New Jersey . I know that be redundant . I be sorry . I be just very nervous . 116 carmine take the knife and look to the other excitedly . 116 carmine polito ( cont 'd ) ( to " shiek " ) we have a great party plan for you this evening . 118 int . irv and rosalyn's house - night 118 rosalyn rosenfeld ( half dress ) but what be you talk about , I can not go ? I just do my hair and makeup and everything ! irving rosenfeld the Sheik 's very particular . it 's international cultural protocol . rosalyn rosenfeld International protocol ? what the fuck be you talk about ? phone ring -- irving rosenfeld do not answer that ! rosalyn rosenfeld ( answer phone ) hello -- Robert Spencer ? I do not know a Robert Spencer . what do you want ? irving rosenfeld ( take phone ) give it to I . 80 . rosalyn rosenfeld who be that ? irving rosenfeld ( into the phone ) look , I tell you , for God 's sake , I tell you not to call here . rosalyn rosenfeld what be that about ? richie dimaso ( on phone ) two more federal agent tonight , ok ? ros leave the room . irving rosenfeld no way . richie dimaso yes . they be bodyguard for the Sheik . irving rosenfeld that 's too many people for I to control , no . richie dimaso look . I be in charge here , alright ? just do it . irving rosenfeld rosalyn , get off the extension ! pan to : reveal rosalyn in kitchen listening on the phone . rosalyn rosenfeld ( hang up ) I be not on it ! but she be on it . she hear . irving rosenfeld look , do not call here again , alright ? do not call at home . richie dimaso alright ? 81 . irving rosenfeld ok . richie dimaso good night . he hang up and walk into the kitchen . rosalyn look at he . rosalyn rosenfeld Federal agent ? irving rosenfeld it 's bodyguard for the visit dignitary , that 's all . rosalyn rosenfeld what be it , a i.r.s. thing ? like a tax investigation ? irving rosenfeld why you gotta say that ? I mean , that 's why I can not invite you . it 's too complicated . listen , come on . rosalyn rosenfeld be you in trouble ? irving rosenfeld look , stop be so nosy . Irving open the fridge which be a mess . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) look at this shit . rosalyn rosenfeld I be only nosy cause you never tell I anything . irving rosenfeld can we clean up this fridge ? I mean , what be you cause trouble for all the time ? phone ring again . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) do not answer that -- rosalyn rosenfeld ( pick up phone ) hel -lo - oh , hi , carmine . we be just talk about you . ( more ) 82. rosalyn rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) Irving 's be a mean , boring man say that he do not want I to come tonight . carmine polito ( on phone ) tell he he 's crazy ! rosalyn rosenfeld well , I agree . want to tell he yourself ? irving rosenfeld gimme the phone , come on . carmine polito it would not be a party without you ! rosalyn rosenfeld can you imagine ? tell he yourself . she hand the phone to a very exasperate , anxious , irv. irving rosenfeld ( into telephone ) hey , carmie . carmine polito Irving , you be crazy ! you wife be come , you kid I ? she 's the life of the party ! everybody love she . rosalyn rosenfeld I be the life of the party ! irving rosenfeld ( confidential into phone ) look , you know what she 's like . she 's unpredictable . she 's just always -- rosalyn rosenfeld hey , do not talk about I like that ! what 's carmine say ? irving rosenfeld I can not hear what he 's say . carmine polito listen , Irving , it 's very important that she come , you understand ? rosalyn rosenfeld carmine love I . 83. carmine polito ( on phone ) this be a really big night for we , you understand ? come on , you gotta bring you wife . and dolly 's get something ' special for she . dolly be get dress for the party in the background . dolly polito tell she I get the nail polish for she . carmine polito see ? listen ! dolly polito ( raise she voice to phone ) I get you nail polish for you , sweetie ! carmine polito you see ? somethin ' special for you . what be it ? tell I . I mean , ( lower he voice , conspiratorial ) what be it , you get a girlfriend come ? come on , I think we be friend . you be not gonna tell I you get a girlfriend ? this be ridiculous . irving rosenfeld no , it 's just rosaly n 's unpredictable . carmine polito look , we be gonna handle this like man , you understand ? you be bring you wife . we be gonna have a good time . that 's a order from the Mayor . good-bye . irving rosenfeld ( to rosalyn ) alright , you happy ? go get ready . irv hang up and exit the kitchen . rosalyn rosenfeld yes , I be happy . 84 . 119 int . irv' cadillac - dusk 119 elton John 's " Goodbye yellow Brick Road " play on the soundtrack as irv drive : tinted glass , large comb over , blue crush velvet suit , dark tie -- pan to : visor mirror -- where rosalyn apply mascara -- smash to : 120 ext . grand old atlantic CITY HOTEL - night 120 elton John continue as carmine light a cigarette in a two - tone gray and black tuxedo , at the center of a haphazard red carpet situation in front of a have -been beach resort -- large old movie premiere spotlight rotate onto the facade in a assort crowd of local some dress up - julius , carmine , tito , melora ( carmine 's steadfast aide ) son dominic , daughter lucille , wife dolly , assort cop , firemen in formal uniform white glove , union guy in suit , fringe the area . carmine 's family be dress up . irv' car pull up and a fat valet in red open door . rosalyn get out in her white dress -- dolly hand rosalyn a tiny shopping bag with swiss nail product . rosalyn open a little bottle of nail finish and shriek in ecstacy . greet everyone . limo pull up : flashbulb go off -- suddenly the spot light jam with grinding SOUND , lamp explode in smoke -- through the smoke from the FIRE step : richie in a white suit , edith stun silver metallic Halston dress , white fur coat -- the sheik step out of he limo , in a black formal arab dress , with a arabic or hispanic looking FBI agent we saw on the plane dressed as he body guard in black with black sunglass . across the red carpet -- rosalyn and sydney see each other for one of the first time -- lock eye . rosalyn hug irv be arm -- rosalyn rosenfeld ( to edith , glaring ) I know who you be . 85 . irv try to turn rosalyn away , but she keep turn back give edith the hairy eyeball , as edith give it right back . rosalyn rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) I know who that be Irving . off to the side , richie steel himself with bump of cocaine before walk inside the old resort , he eye dilate . 121 int . lobby of grand old seaside HOTEL - night 121 the entourage walk through the ornate lobby as edith and rosalyn continue to eyeball each other with irv uncomfortably in the middle as carmine enthusiastically continue he presentation for the sheik . carmine polito so this be the lobby . now mind you , a week ago this place be a mess , but what exist be this plasterwork . look at the detail . this be beautiful . my son be craftsman . ( to son , dominic ) please , tell they what you do . dolly polito tell they everything you know . the trompe l'oeil . dominic polito bird , sky , cloud , wood . trompe l'oeil -- " trick of the eye . " carmine polito we can restore all of this , you see ? you save 50 million -- look at I -- fifty million right off the bat -- I waive the law I help write . it say casino construction must be ground up new , we do not do new . we renovate . dolly polito we do not do new . we renovate . carmine lead all of they through the very crowded lobby as he talk . Irving listen intently , move . 86 . 122 int . downstair casino - continuous 122 200 people be gathere around blackjack , roulette , and crap table , play and have a good time . carmine polito we put in some temporary fun -- some game table , some play money for people to have a good time . for charity -- the boy and Girls Club and some art program . rosalyn walk with Irving , continue to stare dagger at edith , who stay close to richie . carmine , julius , melora , continue to lead everyone into 123 int . the ocean room -- continuous 123 carmine continue to walk -- carmine polito this be the Ocean room -- he push open double upholster old door -- they enter the large crowded yet intimate bemelman style bar the bar -- like the bemelman bar at the carlyle HOTEL in manhattan - be large yet intimate -- there be 50 dressed up citizen there drinking -- and a crowded long bar -- and another smaller bar on the far side of the room --- carmine pause to stare at the men at the far bar -- five men in suit , 40 to 60 , slightly mob - looking . as irv be pulled aside confidentially by carmine -- richie and edith watch -- rosalyn stand to the side -- carmine put he arm around irv 's shoulder -- carmine polito there be some gentleman over there at the bar . that 's a hundred and thirty year sit there -- that 's how much time 's between they . they run the biggest casinos in the United States . we have to work with they . irving rosenfeld right . 87 . carmine polito the good news be they know how it 's do . they get it do . you do not have to worry . everyone make they money . irving rosenfeld you mean the mob ? carmine polito yes , but they be businessman , okay ? now , spend as much or as little time with they as you like , but we do have to deal with they . all we have get to do be go say hello . we just gotta say hi , that 's all . edith look on , calm , as richie -- wild eyed with cocaine and adrenaline -- irving rosenfeld carmine , maybe -- I be not sure that 's such a good idea . we gotta confer before we talk to this guy . richie dimaso ( interrupt , hop up ) confer ? what be there to confer about ? they be casino guy . carmine polito they be businessman . richie dimaso we come all this way , Irving . we should be here . what 's everybody scared of ? there 's nothing to be scared of . richie stare down irv , edith pull richie back -- rosalyn be start to go down a spiral of depression as she look increasingly uncomfortable . rosalyn rosenfeld ( be : the mob guy ) that be the guy you be all scared of ? that guy over there ? they do not scare I . she glare at edith and irv and pivot to walk to the bar . irving rosenfeld rosalyn ! 88. but she 's already on she way over to the mafia men at the bar who greet her warmly as irv , edith , richie , and carmine watch . richie dimaso I love this ! rosalyn walk up to pete musane , charismatic , 30 and sit down in between all the mafia guy .. the other three salt and pepper mafia guy laugh and talk with rosalyn - who gulp a glass of prosecco and be refilled by pete musane . rosalyn rosenfeld hi. can I sit here ? carmine whisper to irv as he watch rosalyn talk to the mafia guy . carmine polito Irving , this be not a good idea . rosalyn rosenfeld how you guy do ? everybody over there be really scared of you guy , you know that ? she knock back the prosecco . she seem relieved . dolly usher she kid to the door . dolly polito kid , I want you to go up and get some pizza and soda , please . Irving and edith watch in horror at rosalyn . edith greensly it 's a disaster . rosalyn rosenfeld I think they have this room all wrong . pete musane yeah ? what would you do ? rosalyn rosenfeld I would do it in all black and gold and I would do this bar like a big , warm golden mirror . dick helsing sound beautiful . 89 . rosalyn rosenfeld thank you . rosalyn 's smitten by the mobster . pete musane but you expect that from she because she 's so beautiful -- rosalyn rosenfeld oh stop . dick helsing gorgeous . pete musane I love she hair , so I know I be gonna love how she would do the room -- he touch the front of she huge farrah overhang bang . richie , Irving , carmine , and the Sheik walk up to they . richie dimaso how do you do ? pete musane ( to richie ) I be sorry be she you wife ? irving rosenfeld no , she 's my wife . she 's my wife . carmine polito look at this fine gentleman . pete musane carmine , there you be . carmine polito how you do ? Irving take the glass of prosecco out of rosalyn 's hand and put it on table . pete musane and guy ohhhh , heyyyyy ! come onnn ! rosalyn it 's because he 's a party pooper . he 's so boring . Irving stare fume at rosalyn and the guy , he nod and force a smile good naturedly as they put prosecco glass in he hand . he know how to fake it . 90 . pete musane you have a very beautiful wife . dick helsing , rosalyn rosenfeld , other guy salud . the made guy laugh . syd roll her eye . irving , carmine stare with tension . they all laugh . richie guide sheik with one body guard . richie dimaso May I present Sheik Abdullah , gentleman , from Abu dhabi . Sheik , this man be professional , they run the best casinos in the United States . the Sheik acknowledge they with a nod . irv be extremely uncomfortable . pete musane Mr. Sheik , as a sign of we seriousness , Mr. tallegio come from Miami to meet you tonight . heavy pause . carmine polito Mr. tallegio ? why do not you tell I Mr. tallegio be here ? pete musane he 's in the back room . irving rosenfeld it 's a sign of disrespect to do business on the first meeting . richie dimaso that 's not true . I do not know what you talk about . ( to musane ) he 's get it all wrong . dick helsing well , do not leave he back there in the back room wait . come on , let 's go . rosalyn reach to have she glass refill by Dick helsing when one of the other guy nudge she hip in she tight dress and she drop into Pete musane 's lap . 91 . rosalyn rosenfeld hey Irving , I be go to be have fun . maybe it will be contagious . Irving turn and head with dread towards the back door with carmine , richie , and the Sheik . Sydney , worried about rosalyn with musane , decide to hang back . 125 int . casino back room -- night 125 slow push in on powerful looking : bald man in sunglass , light gray suit , dark tie -- stand by himself . carmine , richie , sheik , irving enter a half finished back room . push in on irving . victor tellegio carmine ! irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) Victor tellegio be from Miami . he be meyer lansky 's right -hand man . in he prior reputation as a enforcer from twenty year ago , he be know to never bury a body because he feel it send a stronger message to leave it in the street . flash back to : 125a ext . STREET - night 125a younger tellegio walk laughing with a colleague , lets colleague get ahead and tellegio suddenly pull pistol , fire three bullet with muzzle flash into man' head , man goe to ground , tellegio fire once more , drop clip from gun and spit on body , walk directly to camera menacing . now back to : irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) this be the guy we now have to deal with . 125b int . casino back room - continuous 125b resume push in on tellegio as a couple of busboys set up a impromptu table and chair . carmine greet he . 92 . carmine polito you sure you do not want to go into the Ocean bar ? it 's really , it 's beautiful in there . victor tellegio I be very happy I do not have to go there . I like it here . there 's a exit . I be like a ghost . nobody know I be here . busboy whip open a white table cloth for the table . everyone sit down . tellegio look at the Sheik , then over to richie . victor tellegio ( cont 'd ) tell he I speak for we friend in Florida . we be very excited . it 's be we lifelong dream to build casino resort on the East Coast . richie pretend to translate in the Sheik 's ear . victor tellegio ( cont 'd ) you tell he that ? they do not want the Jews to make money , they do not want the italian to make money , definitely do not want the black to make money . after the oil embargo -- the gasoline crisis -- the hijacking , the Olympic , they do not want to see Arabs make money , trust I , not on we soil . you can tell he this in you own way : I have be in the casino business forty year . it 's scrutinize more carefully than any other business . carmine make this legal , but we must be careful or they will take it away . carmine polito so , mister tellegio , how do you think we should approach this ? what do you want to do ? victor tellegio if you want to get the game license and keep it we have to make we principal investor here , the Sheik , a american citizen . 93. Irving and richie both look at Victor intensely not sure where this be go . carmine polito to expedite citizenship -- well , that require very special treatment . victor tellegio you would know the right people to do that , carmine . richie dimaso carmine know everybody . irving rosenfeld what be we talk about ? carmine polito U.S. Senators . congressman . richie dimaso wow , that 's fantastic . irving rosenfeld I say stay away from that . that 's bad . that 's trouble . no , that 's not good . richie dimaso Irving please . irving rosenfeld that 's trouble . victor tellegio who be this guy ? ( to Irving ) what be you , a farmer ? richie and tellegio both laugh . carmine polito Mr. tellegio , I be sorry , this be Irving . New York businessman . Irving rosenfeld . victor tellegio Irving , Irving . what 's the matter , Irving ? what 's the problem ? irving rosenfeld nothing . no problem . 94 . victor tellegio do not get you ball in a uproar . everything 's fine , everything 's good . it 's all good . it 's all good . I just hope the other part of this be all good . and real . because we be real . you know that . you deal with we . we be a real organization . we deal with you , we do not know what we be deal with . everyone stare increasingly tense at tellegio in silence . this could go wrong at any minute . tellegio look over to richie and point to the Sheik . Irving watch in horror as -- victor tallegio where 's he from ? richie dimaso ( wing it ) Abu dhabi . victor tellegio oh , he 's from the emirate . richie dimaso yeah . victor tellegio ( in subtitle Arabic ) ( can I count on you ? you gotta be honest about this . do you understand I ? good mean good . no bullshit . ) push in on irv and carmine feeling this immense pressure . what the fuck be go on here ? victor tellegio ( cont 'd ) ( to Sheik ) ( do you hear what I say ? do you want I to repeat it ? ) Irving look ill , as do everyone else at the table . victor tellegio ( cont 'd ) ( what do you think now ? tell I . tell I . ) richie dimaso uh , I think , I think what he 's -- 95 . victor tellegio no , let he speak for himself . Sheik swallow hard and look to richie . it 's a very tense moment for everyone at the table . tellegio stare . everyone hang on this . Irving and richie share a look -- what be he do ? a drunk , al kowalski , a work man , friend of the Mayor barrel into into the table , spilling drink . tellegio 's guy jump in and grab he and start to pull he away . carmine polito no , I know he . al kowalski you guy be way too serious for a party ! ( to tellegio ) hey , what be you drink ? you get a drink ? tellegio glare back at the intrusion . carmine ( to Al ) we be in a very serious meeting . ( to tellegio ) I apologize . tellegio doe not look amuse . al kalowski I understand , you be in conference . you gotta come with I now . you get a speech to give . everyone 's wait for you . carmine polito Al , I will be right behind you , okay ? trust I . paco hernandez / Sheik stand up and reach over to tellegio to shake he hand . Irving panic . the menacing deep bass intro of " white rabbit " fade up on the soundtrack . sheik abdullah ( in Arabic ) it be great do business with you . the investment be real . it be a pleasure to meet you . Irving exhales in relief that paco manage to say anything passable in Arabic . 96 . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) what be the odd of a italian guy from Miami know Arabic ? but it turn out he 's get casino investment in the Mideast and he spend two year learn it to keep the upper hand . Victor lean over to talk to carmine . victor tellegio listen to I carefully . if you be real , you put ten million in the bank of we choice in the next two week . carmine nod . victor tellegio ( cont 'd ) carmine , listen to I carefully , if you be real , you put ten million in the bank of we choice in the next two week or not only will the Sheik feel insulted , but we friend in Florida will feel deeply disrespect and so will I . Irving look at Victor , who stare back at he . this be bad . at the bar -- " white rabbit " continue . rosalyn continue to flirt with pete musane -- sydney watch out of control rosalyn , stand and walk over to her . edith greensly rosalyn , you need to come with I alright ? rosalyn rosenfeld I do not need to come with you . edith greensly you need to come with I . this need to stop . come on . rosalyn rosenfeld oh , you think I should come with you ? 97 . edith greensly yeah , you need to come with I right now . rosalyn take she wrist out of Sydney 's grasp . rosalyn rosenfeld why do not you get you fuck hand off I , you fuck whore ! pete musane hey ! rosalyn rosenfeld you be a whore . ( to everyone ) this be my husband 's whore ! edith greensly that 's real nice . dolly polito we be not go to do this in the Ocean room tonight . not tonight . please . rosalyn rosenfeld this be my husband whore ! dolly escort edith over to one side of the room away from rosalyn . dolly polito you stay over here with I . everybody just calm down . I do not know what 's go on . Pete look over to rosalyn . pete musane you alright ? take it easy . this thing happen . whatever 's mean to be will be . rosalyn smile at Pete . rosalyn rosenfeld that 's what I always say . pete musane you say that ? rosalyn rosenfeld yeah . 98 . pete musane see ? kindre spirit . rosalyn rosenfeld whatever 's mean to be will be . pete musane whatever 's mean to be will be . CUT to : int . women' powder room hallway - casino rosalyn storm down the hall toward the bathroom as " white rabbit " build to its climax . 126 int . women' powder room - casino 126 rosalyn look in mirror : sadness , anger , fear . edith rush in . edith greensly what the hell do you think you be do ? rosalyn rosenfeld what the hell do I think I be do ?! what the fuck do you think you be do ? you really gonna come in here and judge I for flirt with somebody after you have be fuck my husband for how many year ?! edith greensly you do not have any fuck clue what 's go on ! rosalyn hold she hand , with wedding ring to Sydney 's face . rosalyn rosenfeld I get a ring on my finger . we have a child together . edith greensly he do not love you rosalyn he love I . and you know it and I know it and he know it . and it might be do now , but it be beautiful and it be real . 99 . rosalyn rosenfeld stop . edith greensly and we love each other . rosalyn rosenfeld shut up . rosalyn start to tear up . edith greensly you scare he , and you manipulate he , and you use you son ! rosalyn rosenfeld well , he must like it on some level . he must want it because he keep come back for it . it 's like that perfume that you love that you can not stop smell , even when there 's something sour in it . you can not get enough of it . but guess what , he 's never gonna leave I . he 's always go to want I , and I will make you so sorry , edith . I will make you so sorry for what you have do to my family , mark my word . edith greensly that be fuck up ! I would never say anything that fuck up to anybody , but you do because you be gross inside , you be so fuck up and gross . rosalyn rosenfeld oh , I be gross inside ? edith greensly yeah . rosalyn rosenfeld maybe you be gross inside , with robbing people and all that shit that you do ? maybe we be both gross inside , that 's what Irving love about we . at least he 's consistent with he woman . you know , sometimes in life all you have be fuck up , poisonous choice . rosalyn reach over , grab Sydney 's face and kiss she . 100 . rosalyn laugh a toxic , tough front dark laugh and walk out . the bee gee " how can you mend a broken heart ? " start . Sydney look into the mirror and wipe the lipstick off she lip as rosalyn storm out of the powder room . smash to : 129 rosalyn walk out shaky -- suddenly from behind a row of 129 wooden payphone a hand grab rosalyn's and pull her behind they - its pete musane - they stare at each other - silent - intense -- rosalyn be shaking and crying as she fall apart in he arm . sydney come storming out of the powder room and walk right past rosalyn and pete . push in on : sydney looking back , stop , sees rosalyn embracing pete as she cry . smash to : 130 sydney run into back room , urgently join irv and richie at 130 the table . edith greensly we need to talk ! this be serious . smash to : carmine and dolly climb the stair to the MAIN ballroom filled excitedly with optimism as the song swell . they kiss in silhouette into a hard backlight . carmine climb reach the stage and the crowd roar . al kalowski lady and gentleman , you friend , the work man 's friend , my friend , Mayor carmine polito ! on stage : carmine take mic Irving stand off to the side of the stage as he world close in around he . pull he heart pill out of he pocket and take one . Sydney see this as she stand nearby with richie . irv , edith , richie watch near stage , jostle . rosalyn enter the ball room look dishevel as she be guide by Pete musane look to stage . 101 . carmine polito ( on mic ) hello , camden ! hello , New Jersey ! hello , Atlantic City ! [ crowd roar ] a lot of my friend be out of work [ crowd whistle - boos ] a lot of good hard work family just wanna work and live . ( crowd cheer ) there 's no money nowhere . you gotta be kid I ! -- do not they remember who build this country ? [ cheer ] the one thing we can all agree about in the State of New Jersey be that we never , ever give up ! do we ? carmine dominate the crowd and you can see the emotion in he face as he say this . he raise he glass to the crowd . carmine polito ( cont 'd ) please , raise a glass with I to a new era that begin tonight . from I and my family , we thank you . for all the hard work that you have give we in the community . look what you have do . this be beautiful ! thank you ! crowd roar wildly . irv watch , move and destroyed . dissolve to : shot of empty ball room , trashed hallway , atlantic CITY STREET to ocean -- ocean sound smash to : 132 int . irving' dry cleaners - early morning 132 Irving walk in with he key , same clothes from night before , as ocean sound continue , take a gun from the safe , and he stand look lose and lonely , he turn on the electric dry clean rack , where he and sydney stood together , in love . he look heartsick . he step inside the swirling electric dry cleaning rack of plastic wrapped clothes , and stand alone , where syd used to be , and be heartbroken . ext . third avenue - day - continuous richie storm down the STREET in same night clothes . 102 . 134 int . hallway to sydney's apartment - day 134 bang bang bang -- richie pound on sydney's door -- sydney , hair in curler , answer the door . richie dimaso can I use you phone ? 135 int . sydney's apartment day - as she watch -- he pace 135 intense , phone in hand , shirt sleeve , a mess . he dial . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) ( to Sydney ) last night be insane . I get it all figure out . stoddard thorsen ( on phone ) stoddard thorsen . richie dimaso ( into phone ) listen , I need the sherman suite at the Plaza Hotel , okay ? stoddard thorsen ( on phone ) that 's a whole floor of the hotel . richie dimaso I need a whole floor . I need it for my operation int . FBI field office - day - continuous stoddard thorsen ( on phone ) stop call it you operation , Richard . it 's not you operation . and I be not give you a whole floor of the Plaza Hotel . int . sydney's apartment - day richie dimaso I have member of Congress that be gonna come in right now to try to give the Sheik citizenship . they be take bribe . this be happen right now . that 's what 's happen right now . 103 . int . FBI field office - day stoddard thorsen ( on phone ) bribe member of Congress be you out of you fuck mind ? int . sydney's apartment - day richie dimaso stoddard . stoddard ! shut up ! listen ! do you know who Victor tellegio be ? Victor . tellegio . Works for meyer lansky . you know who that be ? stoddard thorsen I know who Victor tellegio be . richie dimaso resort International ! he want ten million dollar . I have two week ! stoddard thorsen you be not get ten million dollar . richie dimaso ( scream ) just listen to I ! you be not listen to I ! I have two week ! I have two week to put this thing together and I need you to get I the sherman suite at the Plaza Hotel . and you go to fuck do it ! stoddard thorsen lower you voice . you do not get to yell at I . richie slam down the phone . edith ( hair in curler ) stare at he . richie dimaso calm I down baby . you gotta calm I down . he handle she hip and neck and waist and ass . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) baby let 's do this . let 's do this right now . -- 104 . edith greensly no , no . richie dimaso I want to do this . you be fuck skin be glow baby . you skin be glow . edith greensly I be not do this with you . we be not go to do this unless we do it for real , alright ? richie dimaso I want to do this now ! edith greensly that 's what we agree on so we be not go to do that alright ? alright ? where be you ? you be act all scary . she grab he by the head to calm he down . edith greensly ( cont 'd ) be you here with I ? he tries a gentler seduction . richie dimaso ( lean down to she eye ) I love you . I love you . look at I . ( slowly ) I be in love with you . it be real now . I just say it so now 's the time . he handle she , nuzzle she neck , start to turn she on . edith greensly ( kissing he ) you want the truth ? you want real ? richie dimaso I be ready for real . something click inside her -- she drop her british accent -- sydney prosser ( drop her british accent ) ok , this be real . do you hear my voice ? this be real . this be real . what you hear be real . 105 . richie step back quickly and grab Sydney . richie dimaso what ? sydney prosser this be I . richie dimaso what do you mean ? what be you do a accent ? a american accent ? edith greensly no . there be no English . there 's only american . there be no English . richie look at she and continue to hold she look very confuse and flustered . richie dimaso what be you talk about ? stop it . you be edith . you be edith greensly . I check you record . sydney prosser I falsify my record back to birth . I falsify they . sydney prosser ( cont 'd ) my name be Sydney prosser , and I be from albuquerque , New Mexico . I be not edith greensly . there be no edith greensly . richie step back . he stare at she darkly . richie dimaso you be -- freaking -- I -- out . no , you say in the stall that we be go to be real and that we be not go to fake it . sydney prosser I be be real now . this be who I be . I be Sydney prosser . ok ? richie dimaso so -- why -- do you do a English accent after that ? sydney prosser I be sorry I do not tell you in the stall . ( more ) 106 . sydney prosser ( cont 'd ) I create edith because I need she to survive , okay ? but I be do with that now . I be so fuck do with that . like you do what you need to survive , right ? you do it . you know , you live with you mom -- you have a fiance you do not even acknowledge , right ? that 's what you do . and you curl you hair in little fuck curler , which be -- no , it 's okay , you look good with it , but you know -- you have straight hair , so that 's what you do to survive . you do all sort of thing , you know . we all do . richie dimaso ( whisper tensely ) please do not talk about that . I be confuse . I be confuse and -- sydney prosser I be fuck confuse too , alright ? richie dimaso -- I think we should fuck , and then we will feel it and we will not be confuse anymore . he embrace her -- sydney prosser no -- I want to talk . I do not want to fuck . richie dimaso ( embrace she ) yes ! come on . sydney prosser no ! I be not fuck you . I be not fuck fuck you ! red face like he may hit her , a vein stand out in he neck . she flinch . he scream like a animal in confusion and frustration . richie dimaso ahhh ! suddenly sydney grab a glass picture frame from a table , smashes it across richie' forehead and face with a shatter of glass . 107 . richie in pain hold he cut forehead and eyebrow . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) ( in pain and dismay ) shit ! they hear a door open off screen , someone approach . Irving appear from around the corner of the wall point he handgun at richie . irving rosenfeld will you please step away from edith . I be ask you nicely please step away from edith right now . richie dimaso what the fuck -- irving rosenfeld step away from she . please . richie dimaso you mean Sydney ? Irving look over to Sydney very confuse . sydney prosser I tell he . I be sorry . I just do not give a fuck anymore , I do not give a fuck . I do not fuck care . richie dimaso Irving have a gun . irving rosenfeld what richie 's get we into be worse then jail . I tell you last night , do not sit down with that goons . and what ? now what ? no one 's get ten million for tellegio . it 's over . richie dimaso I do not think so . Irving and Sydney stare . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) ( slowly ) because when tellegio find out what happen , do you think he 's gonna go after I ? I do not think so . someone from the Bureau ? ( more ) 108 . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) think he 's gonna go after a politician ? he 's gonna kill you . then he 's go to go after you son . and Sydney . richie pick up phone as they watch -- he dial . intercut : stoddard thorsen ( on phone ) stoddard thorsen . richie dimaso ( slowly , intensely ) you be go to give I the sherman suite . the whole floor . he nose and forehead be CUT from the glass . stoddard thorsen that 's a no . I say no wacko . richie dimaso and you be go to tell I the point of that fucking fishing story . stoddard thorsen not the way you be behave . richie dimaso ( fuming ) what 's the matter with you ? where be you right now ? stoddard thorsen what do that make a difference ? richie dimaso just tell I where the fuck you be . stoddard thorsen the field office on 61st street . richie dimaso I be come to 61st Street . right now . stoddard thorsen you be go to do what ? richie dimaso to beat -- you ass . 109 . stoddard thorsen you be go to what ? richie slam the phone down , storm out the apartment . 140 int . sydney's apartment - day 140 irving rosenfeld you be right . we should have go away . Irving sit in the corner of the room a dishevel mess . Sydney sit on the bed drink a fresca . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) I should have go away with you . sydney prosser we be suppose to do it from the foot up like you always say . that 's how we be mean to do it but you do not do it like that . you do not do it like that . you play it safe so there be always a danger you be go to end up with rosalyn in the dead space , float on some dead spaceship with the furniture and the curtain . and I be you life line out and you be mine and that be ok . irving rosenfeld ( Irving stare at she , emotional ) I wish I could get you back . he walk across the room and sit down on the bed next to Sydney . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) you know I can not do it without you . you know that . come on . I , you and Danny . like we say . sydney prosser like I say . you never say that . I say that . we gotta get over on all this guy . that 's what we need to be think about right now . Irving take off he glass and rub he eye . 110 . irving rosenfeld that 's big . that 's crazy . whatever it be , it 's get to be the best we have ever do . Sydney nod she head yes , stare intensely at Irving as the camera tilt down to reveal : they hand clasped together . 141 ext . old federal build - downtown - day 141 High ceiling , old office . Close on a tape recorder . as camera pull back - see stoddard , bandage on he bruise face and a white eye patch on he injured eye , sitting opposite prosecutor , amado - - the tape recorder and microphone sit on the desk in front of stoddard as he record a statement for a report . stoddard thorsen ( slow midwest monotone ) agent dimaso call I late at night on the 21st . I believe that he be intoxicate . he threaten I and I tell he this be inappropriate . I tell he procedure exist for reason we must respect . this be the third such call I receive from agent dimaso . he call I again the night of the 5th and he threaten to kill I . subsequently he demand that I allow he to use the sherman suite at the Plaza hotel for purpose of bribe member of congress . camera pull - back reveal : the chastened richie sit listening , in a suit and tie . he 's in trouble with they boss , the prosecutor . richie dimaso I be so sorry . stoddard thorsen I be not finish . there 's a lot more . richie get up and pull up a chair next to stoddard . stoddard flinch and move away like he 's go to get hit again . 111 . richie dimaso I have nothing but the utmost respect for you as my mentor . ( he reach down and turn the tape recorder off ) and as my -- stoddard thorsen ( be : the recorder ) what be you do ? richie dimaso I just want to talk from my heart . I do not want it on record . I want to get vulnerable . stoddard thorsen can I finish ? can I finish my statement ? richie dimaso of course . I respect you . stoddard thorsen I think you do other thing besides respect I . smash to : 139 int . stoddard field office - flashback 139 stoddard pace while on the phone , hold up a finger to richie to wait , richie pick up stoddard 's phone -- rip the cord out and smashes stoddard across the face with the base . do not stop till stoddard fall to the ground , knock over desk chair and bookcase behind . back to : int . old federal build - down town they stare at each other . richie dimaso it 's just hard for I to control my passion . I be a very passionate person . ( look to amado ) you be from New York . you understand this . he go ice fishing in the midwest . stoddard thorsen that be tell to you in confidence . 112 . richie dimaso he 's a ice fishing guy . look at he . smash back to : int . FBI field office - day - flashback where we leave off . stoddard reach with bloody hand across -- what be he reach for ? oh , on a small table , a gun and a clip . richie dimaso what be you do pull out you gun ? stop it . that 's not you . stoddard thorsen no , it 's I . this be I . it 's I . richie dimaso do not do something that you do not know anything about . alright ? richie grab he gun and start to load it . stoddard thorsen do not load that gun . you drop that gun . richie dimaso I will show you how it 's do . I be not even go to hit you . he point the gun at stoddard . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) watch this fucko . CUT to : int . old federal build - downtown richie and stoddard stare at each other in silence . ANTHONY amado so , you want to use the sherman suite ? the entire floor ? stoddard throw he head back , look at ceiling in exasperation . 113. stoddard thorsen oh GOD . richie dimaso yes ! at the Plaza Hotel . ANTHONY amado what happen to the mafia ? I think you be -- richie dimaso this be where they intersect ! this be where the two thing intersect . the politician and the mafia . Victor tellegio 's people who run resort international -- ANTHONY amado Victor tellegio show he face ? richie dimaso yes . I sit with he . I sit with Victor tellegio . I hang out with he . we can get he . we can get he whole organization as well as get any number of congressman . I mean , that 's just peel the first layer of the onion . ANTHONY amado wow . how you go to do that ? richie dimaso we would get ten million dollar and put it into a account -- stoddard thorsen ten million dollar ?! ten million dollar ? richie dimaso and that 's how we just let they know we be for real . ANTHONY amado what do he say he 's gonna do for the ten million dollar ? how be we trapping he ? richie dimaso he promise to build casinos , handle the skim , do the licence - - 114 . stoddard thorsen and you have he on tape say this . you have that right ? no . ANTHONY amado ( to richie ) I want you to find a safer way to get Victor tellegio on a wire . no ten million dollar -- that 's crazy . stoddard thorsen thank you . richie look down , defeat . ANTHONY amado even to entrap tellegio it 's crazy . but you can have the sherman suite - - stoddard thorsen no . ANTHONY amado -- stoddard , please -- to go and get I some congressman . go get some congressman take bribe . I want to pinch we some congressman , ok ? you come back to I . I be proud of you . richie dimaso thank you . ( then as a afterthought ) and stoddard . 143 int . corridor - old federal court build - continuous 143 richie and stoddard walk down large , echoey Federal building corridor . stoddard walk ten foot ahead turn and point at richie . stoddard thorsen ( shout bitterly ) good luck keep you job , by the way , and stay out of jail -- and not be kill by the mob. but other than that you be do a great job . stoddard turn and storm off . 115 . richie dimaso ( as stoddard walk away ) what 's the end of the ice fishing story ? stoddard thorsen I be not tell you the end of the ice fishing story . richie dimaso I be go to call you fuck brother and find out from he . stoddard thorsen my brother 's dead . richie dimaso that 's how it end . he fall through the fuck ice . stoddard thorsen ( shout bitterly ) no it 's not . he die a different way , many year later . he storm off and leave richie stare in the hallway . ext . plaza HOTEL -- day establish . 145 int . plaza HOTEL - general sherman suite hallway - continuous 145 richie walk out of a surveillance room and down the hallway to where irv and Sydney wait . richie dimaso listen I know it 's awkward and I just want to say I be sorry , alright ? I think we can stick together and still fulfill we goal . I mean , we get the sherman suite . irving rosenfeld you get the whole floor ? richie dimaso we get the whole floor , yeah . edith greensly that 's good . 116 . richie dimaso yeah , you ok ? sydney prosser yeah . you ? richie gesture to he eye that Sydney smashed with the picture frame . he 's get a few little scab . richie dimaso it 's alright . I get hit a little bit . my eye . it 's a little blurry but I get drop at the pharmacy . richie look over to Irving . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) hey , you ok ? irving rosenfeld yeah , I be good -- richie look back over to Sydney richie dimaso listen , I be sorry . sydney prosser I be sorry . richie dimaso ( to Irving ) I be sorry Irving . Irving do not know what to say , start to say something twice , stop , can not think of what to say . leave richie hang . int . plaza HOTEL - general sherman suite - day richie direct where camera should be conceal . agent schmidt and stock follow making note in pad . richie dimaso you can put a camera here . and we get it all on film . you like it ? edith greensly I do . richie dimaso ( to Schmidt ) give I that flower . ( more ) 117 . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) if we put the flower base here and put a camera in there we can get a clear shot of the couch there where we can put the congressman . Irving , sit on the couch , look kind of disturb by this . irving rosenfeld that 's right . that 's the idea . 146 int . mayor carmine polito' office - day 146 richie dimaso ( o.s. ) and carmine will go to jail after he deliver we the congressman soon to be felon . carmine 's aid melora answer a ringing phone as carmine sit at he desk . melora Congressman O'Connell be on the phone -- push in on carmine polito I get to take this you guy everyone out please . dolly polito , check the unwater plant in she husband office with she coat on , she have just stop by . turn and hold up a parched and die houseplant . dolly polito this be sad . it 's just sad . carmine polito dolly please , I gotta take this . dolly polito ok , sorry . everyone out . go out . carmine polito ( pick up phone ) Congressman , how you do ? it 's carmine . tell I you be gonna be in trenton this week . we have a amazing investment opportunity I would like to discuss with you . smash to : 118. int . plaza HOTEL - general sherman suite - day richie on a black and white surveillance camera as he show the briefcase full of money . richie dimaso I be federal agent Richard dimaso . I have place seventy - five thousand dollar into this briefcase for Representative John O'Connell of the ninth District . smash to : 148 ext . state capitol - trenton , new jersey - day 148 carmine shake hand with rep . JOHN o'connell -- carmine polito Congressman , thank you for come by , John -- richie dimaso ( v.o. ) Representative O'Connell be contact by carmine polito to ask if he could obtain rapid citizenship through a act of Congress for one Sheik Abdullah , investor . they walk up the capitol step . carmine polito you wanna talk job , investment , construction , if we can expedite a very wealthy man 's citizenship -- 149 int . sherman suite , plaza HOTEL - night 149 150 camera pan to hole in corner and camera lens -- 150 152 152 richie dimaso how you do congressman ? JOHN o'connell I be excited to be here . carmine polito this bring the state back . I mean , how long we know each other ? ( more ) 119 . carmine polito ( cont 'd ) you know what this be gonna do for we ? this be huge for the state of New Jersey . it stabilize we economy . irving rosenfeld hotel . restaurant . it 's wait to happen . carmine see it , this fuck thing be wait to happen . carmine polito the goddamn banker . keeping they money on the sideline . how we suppose to get anything do ? JOHN o'connell banker only put money in the game when they can reap insane profit . richie stare , mesmerize by this trap . richie dimaso the only problem be this citizenship situation . I mean , we get to expedite it as soon as possible . JOHN o'connell yeah , well I will tell you , you come to the right place . everyone look tense and on edge before . JOHN o'connell ( cont 'd ) I will make it happen . carmine polito hey , this be go to happen . richie slide the briefcase in John 's direction . carmine polito ( cont 'd ) this be real . you understand ? this be real . on my family . on my kid . on my life . on my work . JOHN o'connell I know that , carmine . you be a good man this hurt Irving to see he friend sincerity . 120 . 153 another day - on grainy monitor 153 richie dimaso ( on grainy black and white ) I be federal agent Richard dimaso . I be place 75 thousand dollar in this brief case for one Representative Gerald Sanders of the 3rd district . smash to : 154 - hand shake - rep . sander sit looking warily at briefcase 154 rep . sander I do not want to do anything illegal - carmine polito please Gerry . use it as a campaign donation . whatever you want to do . richie slide the briefcase to he . 155 another day 155 richie dimaso ( on grainy monitor ) I be place g $ 60,000 into a this brief case for one Congressman Eric keshoygan of the 4th district -- eric keshoygan I be go to do what I can to help carmine . irv watch in pain as he sit with they . smash to : 156 another day 156 richie dimaso a $ 100,000 into this briefcase for two term United States Senator Horton Mitchell of New Jersey . a distinguished silver haire Senator , older . horton mitchell Atlantic City . all the way down the shore . a mecca by the sea . 121. richie slide over the briefcase . horton mitchell ( cont 'd ) carmine you be beloved by you people . you constituency be not even you constituency it 's you family . that 's what you represent , family . carmine polito one small thing we do for this man be a huge thing we do for the people of New Jersey . this be what we can leave behind . Irving can not stand how hopeful he friend carmine be be because Irving know carmine be be set up . he get up -- carmine polito ( cont 'd ) Irving what be you do ? richie dimaso where you go ? irving rosenfeld ( excuse himself uncomfortably ) I just gotta go see a man about a dog . 158 irving walk down the hall very distorted . he goe into the 158 video room where stoddard watch the surveillance monitor intensely as carmine continue to stand behind he sincere pledge . carmine polito ( on grainy monitor ) I appreciate this . on my family . on my kid . this need to happen . it 's gotta happen . you have get my word Irving walk out of the room -- 159 int . hallway of sherman suite , plaza -- continuous 159 -- into another room where Sydney on elegant gold couch , sit alone . surveillance equipment and room service trays be on the coffee table . 160 int . another room of sherman suite - continuous 160 she watch Irving who be pace anxiously and very wound up . 122. irving rosenfeld ( pace ) I want to save we . I want to save carmine . it 's fuck kill I . sydney prosser you know the only way to help carmine be through the tellegio thing . irving rosenfeld it 's dangerous . we gotta get a wire in there . we gotta make he feel safe . sydney prosser there 's only one thing that can really fuck this up and that 's you wife . irving rosenfeld ( pace ) yep . 161 ext . danny's elementary school -- day 161 rosalyn fix Danny 's coat , hand he he lunch and send he off towards the school 's front door -- close up : rosalyn stare into lens . emotional , a mixture of sadness and hope . she hold a close bottle of she favorite nail finish and smell it nostalgically . a black sedan pull into the frame , she open the door and get in . it be pete musane , tellegio' mobster she flirt with at the casino . 162 int . pete musane's cadillac - day 162 he gently put a hand on she knee . she leave it there for a moment before push it away . they stare at each other . 163 int . maison d'luc - huntington , long island - day 163 a nice restaurant overlooking the long island SOUND , light coral colored tablecloth ; the place filled with daylight -- rosalyn and pete sit very close . quiet . together . in silence . few beat . content . 123. pete musane I do not like you husband . you be no good together . he do not appreciate you . hey , it happen . it happen in my marriage . that 's why I go to Miami . sometimes you just gotta be tough . you gotta stand up and you gotta leave , you know ? rosalyn look at Pete smitten . pete musane ( cont 'd ) sometimes you gotta let something die to let something live . you be too beautiful to be unhappy . rosalyn rosenfeld I know . I mean , I do not want to badmouth my husband , but let I badmouth my husband for a second . he just think that he know everything and he 's so full of shit . he 's such a liar . he think that I be stupid , but I be not stupid . I hear he on the phone argue . he love carmine , but he hate that other guy , that curly - head i.r.s. guy , or whatever who 's carting around my husband 's ex - lover , that redhead whore . pete musane IRS ? rosalyn rosenfeld anyway . you can see that it drive he crazy . pete musane you say IRS . what IRS guy ? what be you talk bout ? rosalyn rosenfeld I hear they on the phone . I think that he 's get irv in some sort of bind or something and he 's make he do all of this stuff and so irv and carmine right now be at the Plaza Hotel throw away all this money at like Congress or whatever . they be give money to congress or something . I do not really know but I overhear it on the phone . 124 . Pete 's brow furrow - this be serious . pete musane you know I hate to do this to you but I have to go talk to you husband . my boss be already angry . you stay here I be go to give you some money for a taxi home . he put cash in she hand . pete musane ( cont 'd ) you stay here . get yourself some dessert . finish the bottle of prosecco . I be sorry . rosalyn and Pete hold hand as rosalyn stare into he eye . very emotional . pete musane ( cont 'd ) you alright ? rosalyn rosenfeld ( open , vulnerable ) I do not like change . it 's really hard for I . sometimes I think that I will die before I change . he kiss she . pete musane it 's gonna be okay . you be gonna come live with I in Miami . Pete get up and walk . as he do : rosalyn rosenfeld 164 do not hurt he too bad . he 's still 164 Danny 's father . back to : 165 rosalyn at table alone , emotional , vulnerable , her life be 165 changing . 166 ext . plaza HOTEL -- day 166 irv and carmine down sidewalk leave from the Plaza Hotel -- Pete musane stand next to a open passenger side door , -- irv and carmine do not move , they stare at the open door . 125 . paul mccartney and wing " live and let die " start ominously . int . irv and rosalyn's house - live room - night 170 rosalyn in full muumuu , wear clean glove and hold a 170 vacuum sing to live and let die while Danny sit on the couch watch she . very intense . 171 int . pete musane's cadillac - " live and let die " continuous 171 Irving and carmine sit up front with Pete drive and Dick helsing sit in the back seat look angry . int . irv and rosalyn's house - live room - " live and let die " continuous rosalyn continue to sing and get more intense as the music pick up . int . pete musane's cadillac - " live and let die " continuous Irving look over to Pete nervously . unsure of what 's go to happen . int . irv and rosalyn's house - live room - " live and let die " continuous rosalyn whip she head up and down , dance manically through the house . int . irv and rosalyn's house - bedroom - night rosalyn sit on the bed with Danny with clothes all over the place while smoking a cigarette . rosalyn rosenfeld life be ridiculous and I would never say anything bad about you father in front of you but you father be a sick son of a bitch . danny daddy 's a sick son of a bitch ? rosalyn rosenfeld do not repeat that . but yes . 126 . ext . irv and rosalyn's house - night Irving 's caddy come screeching up to the house and park in the driveway . irv get 's out and race inside . int . irv and rosalyn's house - bedroom - night rosalyn be still sit on the bed with Danny . irving rosenfeld ( o.s. ) ( shout ) rosalyn ! rosalyn ! rosalyn look scared . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) this be a real low in we relationship ! you know where I be recently ? I be in you boyfriend 's fuck car ! I see you nail polish . smash to : int . pete musane's cadillac - flashback irving look down and sees the bottle of rosalyn's nail finish on the car seat -- he pick it up , look ahead through windshield smell it , worried . carmine glance over he shoulder anxiously at Dick helsing in the back seat . pete musane what 's this I hear about you curly haire friend work for the government ? carmine polito what ?! who say that ? irving rosenfeld that 's bullshit ! pete musane you wife . Irving be surprised to hear this . irving rosenfeld that 's bullshit . carmine polito rosalyn ? 127 . int . irv and rosalyn's house - bedroom - continuous irving rosenfeld ( scream ) he put a canvas bag over my head ! smash to : int . pete musane's cadillac - flashback a white canvas bag garrote over irving be head , from helsing in the back seat . carmine polito hey , what the fuck ?! -- pete musane shut up . shut the fuck up . dick hold a gun to the back of irving' bagged head . int . irv and rosalyn's house - bedroom - continuous irving rosenfeld be you happy now ? because he be try to kill I ! rosalyn what be you talk about ?! irving rosenfeld what be you do ? what do you think you're do ? rosalyn rosenfeld get out of here ! I be not do anything ! irving rosenfeld why be you talking so much ? you 're go to get US all kill ! Irving look down to see Danny sit there on the bed . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) Danny . come here buddy alright ? go draw a picture or something . Irving usher Danny out of the room . 128. rosalyn rosenfeld you be a real sick son of a bitch for scream at I like that in front of Danny . irving rosenfeld I 'm a sick son of a bitch ? you 're try to get I fucking kill . oh my GOD !! you drive I so fucking crazy . what be you do ?! you 're boyfriend -- you fucking boyfriend will kill I , he'll kill danny , and he'll kill you . rosalyn rosenfeld stop talking like that ! irving rosenfeld he 's a mobster alright ? that 's who you be deal with . rosalyn rosenfeld alright fine ! yes , I want to hurt you but how do you think that I feel all day when you leave I alone all day ? and all I have ever want be for you to love I . that 's all I ever want . and stay marry and for you to love I . and that 's why I be go to Miami ! irving rosenfeld you be not go to Miami . rosalyn rosenfeld that 's why I be go to Miami with Pete ! Irving pick up rosalyn 's clothes from the bed where there be a open suitcase , throw they back in the closet . irving rosenfeld you be not go to Miami . rosalyn rosenfeld I finally find somebody who love I just like you always want . irving rosenfeld too dangerous . Miami ? not now . too dangerous . irv continue to throw clothes back into the closet . 129 . rosalyn rosenfeld he like I just the way I be . irving rosenfeld not now . everything have to stay normal right now . and you be go to shut you mouth ! rosalyn rosenfeld you tell I that you want I to find a nice quiet man ! irving rosenfeld oh and what a doozy you pick ! rosalyn rosenfeld he 's the one . irving rosenfeld he 's the most dangerous guy ever . rosalyn rosenfeld well what do you expect irving ?! I know everybody through you ! why can't you just be happy for I ?! Irving reach for he heart pill but they fall out of he hand and scatter on the floor . he bend down to grab they and almost fall . rosalyn help he up . rosalyn rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) why be not you take you heart pill ? Irving , what 's go on ? what kind of trouble be you in ?! what 's happen ? irving rosenfeld ( out of breath ) I have get a plan . rosalyn rosenfeld what 's happen ? Irving cough and step back . out of breath and very wind . irving rosenfeld I have get a plan . rosalyn rosenfeld you have get a plan ? when do you get it ? 130 . irving rosenfeld it really fuck come to I when I be inside of that canvas bag with you boyfriend 's hand around my throat . that 's when it really come to I . int . pete musane's cadillac - flashback carmine polito take it off ! take the bag off he head ! Dick pull the bag off Irving 's head , he comb over be all mess up . irving gasp . Pete and Dick laugh -- irving rosenfeld we have get two million come this week ! pete musane what do you think this be ? you think this be a fuck down payment plan ? like be sear of chevrolet ? irving rosenfeld you ask Victor if he want two million this week . that 's real money . two million . pete musane two million ? how ? irving rosenfeld wire in . 172 ext . madison avenue - flashback - continuous 172 they laugh , Irving 's hair be all mess up . Pete patch out . Irving and carmine be a mess , shirt rip open , no button , they look at each other very shaken . carmine polito be it true ? be it true what he say about you wife ? irving rosenfeld it 's not fuck true . that 's not true . 131 . int . irv and rosalyn's house - bedroom - continuous irving rosenfeld I can save all of we , and we can save money . I can take care of you and Danny . ok ? but you gotta close you mouth . rosalyn look satisfied and point she finger at Irving . rosalyn rosenfeld I know it . I have always say , Irving , that you be very , very hard to motivate properly . and I know that Pete be gonna go over there and knock some sense into you . I have be read this book , Irving . it 's by Wayne dyer , about the power of intention . Irving can not believe what he 's hearing right now . rosalyn , very satisfied , reach over the bed and grab a book . rosalyn rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) and my intention in send Pete over to you be so that you could come up with this plan . so , you be welcome . Irving incredulous , think to himself how to respond . force himself to say gently -- irving rosenfeld ok . thank you , rosalyn . thank you for the plan . rosalyn rosenfeld you be welcome . irving rosenfeld I appreciate that . so , I think that we should be partner on this . rosalyn rosenfeld I be a good partner . almost better than edith . you ever think about that ? you ever think about how you might have underestimate I ? irving rosenfeld so what be we plan ? tell I the plan . what be you gonna do ? 132 . rosalyn rosenfeld I be go to keep my mouth shut and I be not go to say anything but what do I do if Pete call I ? what be I suppose to say ? irving rosenfeld you gotta stop talk about you government agency and you i.r.s. and you tax and you conspiracy and all of that . you be gonna say how you be wrong , you be wrong about that . rosalyn rosenfeld I will tell Pete that I be wrong but you know that in real life , I be right for say all that stuff because then that spur on the action that make you come up with this plan . so I will tell Pete . irving rosenfeld ( hold he head ) ok . rosalyn rosenfeld ( point with cigarette between finger ) the power of intention Irving . the power of intention . irv be do everything he can to hold it together . irving rosenfeld ok . you be right . rosalyn get up from the bed and walk over to Irving . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) you be so smart . good job , peach . rosalyn rosenfeld Irving , I have be do a lot of think and -- you need to grow up . and you need to face the fact . and I think that both of we will be a lot happier if we get a divorce . as he listen to word he have be say himself for month , now speak as rosalyn 's idea . 133. irving rosenfeld ok . rosalyn rosenfeld just think about it . ( kiss he ) this thing be never easy . Irving start walk away towards the door . irving rosenfeld alright . rosalyn rosenfeld Irving . good luck with you plan . ext . FBI office , federal office build , NY - day the spare rhythmic intro of Jeff lynne 's " Long Black Road " play as richie look back over he shoulder and walk towards the building with intensity . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) necessity truly be the mother of invention . the f.b.i. be willing to wire the two million dollar if it mean take down tellegio and he entire organization . int . FBI office , federal office build , NY Brenda in she office . amado look very pleased on the telephone . 178a ext . lexington avenue - day 178a Irving walk with richie and Sydney up to a office building . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) a mobster like tellegio would never meet at the Plaza Hotel , but only at the office of he attorney , alfonse Simone . they walk into mob lawyer Simone 's building . 178b int . lobby of build - day 178b on a old fade directory : 7th floor : alfonse simone # 701 134 . 178c int . elevator - continuous 178c they stand tense in elevator not speak . 178d int . reception area - simone law office - day 178d they open door to large , spare reception area of alfonse Simone 's law office . middle aged secretary look up and pick up the phone . 178e int . hallway of alfonse simone's office - continuous 178e nearby at a SMALL table sydney be frisked by a black man in a suit , she sustains eye contact with irving and richie as they be also frisked by another man in a suit across the room . -- the content of sydney's purse be emptied and examined along with her purse . it be tense . sydney stare at a nervous richie ; there microphone have gone undetected . " long black road " continue as camera follows the back of the thick neck of the man in the suit as he lead they down a winding narrow office corridor . in one shot the door open , jeff lynne be song shift to a lighter than AIR piano break . 178f int . alfonse simone's office - continuous 178f alfonse simone - 64 , bronx , seasoned lawyer . alfonse Simone rise from behind he desk . a silent secretary sit at he side in a white dress stare at we heros as Simone step forward to introduce himself . alfonse simone alfonse Simone . edith walk up to he to shake hand . he shake hand with Irving and richie as well . man in the suit close the door behind they . edith greensly edith greensly . irving rosenfeld Irving rosenfeld . richie dimaso good afternoon . alfonse simone please , be seat . 135 . they sit in three chair face Simone 's desk : Sydney / edith , richie , Irving . Simone sit behind he desk , the silent secretary sit just behind he slightly to the side , stare at edith , richie , Irving . alfonse simone ( cont 'd ) I appreciate the fact that you all come in person , but the trip be really unnecessary because this whole thing could have be do with a simple wire transfer . as a matter of fact this be the number of we wire right here . Simone slide a small pink piece of paper across the desk to they . richie stare at the paper , but do not touch it . richie dimaso where be Mr. tellegio ? alfonse simone Mr. tellegio unfortunately be call out of town on business . richie dimaso that 's not good . we be willing to come here today , in person , to see Mr. tellegio , as a sign of respect to give two million dollar -- alfonse simone I can assure you that I have the power of attorney -- richie dimaso Excuse I . if you will let I finish , we be willing to give two million dollar today of the ten . but without Mr. tellegio here -- irving rosenfeld ( to Simone ) we can not , we can not make that decision . it 's not the right thing . it 's not the right time . it 's just not good . edith greensly ( to Irving across richie ) you do not have the authorization to make this kind of choice so do not be hasty , alright ? 136 . irving rosenfeld I be not be hasty . it 's just , let 's be smart about it . this be not how we do business . ( to Simone ) I be sorry . I apologize . richie motion with he hand to edith that he agree with Irving . richie dimaso he 's right , we can not . edith greensly I think you should hang in there . richie dimaso for what ? the guy 's not here . irving rosenfeld he be not . richie dimaso that 's it . he stand , go to the door . irving rosenfeld this be a surprise . the Sheik do not like surprise . edith turn in she chair to face they in the doorway . edith greensly do not leave . irving rosenfeld ( in doorway with richie ) edith , this be not you decision to make . edith greensly I understand but maybe we can call the Sheik . let 's call the Sheik . irving rosenfeld that 's not the plan . that 's not the -- edith lock eye with richie . richie stare at edith , wave Irving off with he hand . richie dimaso no , let 's -- I will call the Sheik . ( to Simone ) can I use you phone ? 137 . alfonse simone please do . richie dimaso ( to alfonse Simone ) I do not know if he 's in , I will call the Sheik . but before I do , I would like to go over specifically what this money will be use for . alfonse simone what we will do be we guarantee all proper license and construction permit for any hotel casino that plan to open before the end of the year . richie glance down at edith and she handbag . push in on a tiny microphone we now see cleverly built into the handle of edith's gucci bag . alfonse simone ( cont 'd ) and we will throw in the customary privilege and protection . richie dimaso what if there be obstacle , what will you do ? alfonse simone obstacles ? we be prepare to overcome any obstacle . richie dimaso this be a big enterprise . alfonse simone if we have to pay somebody off , we will pay somebody off . if we have to lean on somebody , intimidate somebody , we will intimidate somebody . we be experience . this be we business . richie stare at simone . richie dimaso that 's powerful stuff . thank you . irving stare and sydney look at richie . 138. alfonse simone and I will tell you something else . at the end of this we will teach you how to skim and how to cut it up and make some money on the side . because we invent skim . we have be do it for thirty year . a smile creep across richie 's face . richie dimaso thank you . thank you for clarify that . richie pick up the phone to dial . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) I think that will be ok for the Sheik . int . brenda's FBI wire office - continuous amado , stoddard , brenda . ANTHONY amado this be the Sheik . richie dimaso ( on phone ) Mr. tellegio be not here . it 's just Mr. alfonse Simone , he lawyer . be we still ok to wire the money ? alfonse simone Simone can take the money . what 's the number ? richie dimaso 5317ap amado write it down and hand it to Brenda to call in . brenda the fund have be transfer . ANTHONY amado ( on phone to richie ) the fund have be transfer . amado nod : victory . back to : 139 . int . alfonse simone's office - day - continuous richie hang up . richie dimaso the money 's be wire . alfonse simone I think we have a deal . richie dimaso yes we do sir . alfonse simone pleasure do business with you . richie dimaso okay , well , thank you very much , Mr. Simone . richie smile , sydney look at irving , who look preoccupied . push in on irving . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) the Sheik 's very excited . alfonse simone I be sure that we will be see each other . richie and team start to walk out . richie dimaso ( grin ) oh I be sure we will be see each other very soon . you may even get sick of I , like this two . alfonse simone I do not think I will get sick of you . Nice meeting you . richie , edith , and Irving walk down the hall after leave he office . richie smile as the open of bowie 's " the Jean genie " momentously start . edith smile as she walk down the hall follow by Irving . richie put he hand on the door knob to exit the hallway . 178h int . amado' office , federal office build - day 178h the door open in a timecut , richie in sunglass , he jacket be off , he beam and celebrate and exhort a room full of FBI agent , administrator , secretary . 140 . the jean genie plays energetically as richie celebrate with everyone , like in a locker room , he fist in the AIR . richie dimaso finally ! finally we get some respect ! amado sit in he chair with cigar in one hand and drink in the other . very excite and laughing as he point at richie . ANTHONY amado ( shout through clamor ) we be ambitious , that 's why ! richie suddenly move to the reel to reel surveillance tape and quiet the room , the music momentarily stop as we hear alfonse Simone on the surveillance tape . richie dimaso shh , shh , shh ! alfonse simone ( on surveillance tape ) if we have to pay somebody off , we will pay somebody off . if we have to lean on somebody , intimidate somebody , we will intimidate somebody . richie joyfully lip synch to the rhythm of Simone 's incriminate word on tape . richie dimaso ( in unison with Simone on tape ) -- if we have to lean on somebody , intimate somebody , we will intimidate somebody !! richie throws he fist in the AIR and cheer , joined by everyone in the room . bowie " the jene genie " come back loud . 179 richie turn and twirl a white haire FBI agent in 179 celebration , laughing with joy . then goe over to a sulking stoddard and hump he like at a frat party , laughing with everybody at stoddard stiffness . stoddard get up and richie smack he ass as he leave the room . richie imitate stoddard to roaring laughter -- twice . the music crescendo to a abrupt stop . 141 . 180 ext . carmine polito' camden NJ clapboard home - day 180 Irving 's big blue car pull up to the lens . Irving and Sydney look a little uneasy . Irving stare at the house . irving rosenfeld I gotta do it . 181 int . carmine's live room - day 181 carmine polito what do you mean , there 's no sheik ? what do that mean , " there 's no sheik " ? what do that mean ? carmine stare at Irving . irving rosenfeld I want to face you like a man because I want to be real now . carmine polito who be " they " ? Irving look distress . he 's a wreck . irving rosenfeld it 's the fed . carmine polito the fed ? irving rosenfeld yeah . carmine polito Irving -- I be a good person irving rosenfeld you be ! carmine stand up and look around the room , disorient , he life pass before he eye . carmine polito I have be do this for a long time , for twenty year . do you think I woulda take that money if it be not the right thing to do ? 142. irving rosenfeld hey look , you be a good person I know that but in all honesty -- carmine polito ( scream ) you say that be the only way , irv . you chase I , remember ? irving rosenfeld they fuckin ' make I do it . what be I suppose to do ? they have syd in jail . carmine polito you make I go back to the Plaza to take that money , you piece of shit ! I be go ! you fuck prick ! carmine beat irving down on the couch . carmine polito ( cont 'd ) I be go , I leave ! dolly walk in . dolly polito be everything alright ? can I have a word with you ? carmine polito ( very upset ) no , please , dolly , just go upstairs . take the kid and go upstairs ! dolly polito alright , alright . irving rosenfeld I want to make this right . I come here because I want to make it right . Irving be in tear . very upset . carmine polito look at my face . you tell I that I be lie to you when I say that everything I do be for the good of the people of New Jersey . everything I do be for they . be I lie to you ? 143. irving rosenfeld I never have a friend like you before . carmine polito I use that money for the goddamn casino . irving rosenfeld I get some leverage , alright ? I can help you out . carmine polito this be all shit . it 's all bullshit . carmine pick up the knife the Sheik give he . carmine polito ( cont 'd ) look at this thing . look at this . ceremonial fuck knife . what be this bullshit ? some toy ? he drop it on the table . Irving stare at he friend , remove he glass . irving rosenfeld carmine , syd and I get a plan for you . we can help you out . carmine polito please get out of my house , Irving . will you please leave ? I be ask you nicely , please leave . Irving get up to go and be push towards the door by carmine . dolly join carmine in tear . carmine 's kid stand on the stair . dolly polito get out of we house ! irving rosenfeld I do not want to -- ( see kid ) I be sorry . I do not mean for this to happen . carmine polito ( to kid ) this be not we friend ! irving rosenfeld truly , I do not mean for this to happen . 144 . carmine point to he family . carmine polito this be what matter to I most and you be crush it ! you be go to take I away from they you fuck son of a bitch ? get the fuck out ! 183 carmine lunge at Irving and punch he in the face . Irving 183 go down to the ground and he glass fly off he face . carmine kick he one last time . irving rosenfeld ( beat , bloody on floor ) I just want to make it right . carmine polito get out of my house . look what you make I do ! irving rosenfeld ( stumbling out the door ) I be sorry carmine , I be sorry . 184 ext . carmine's house - day 184 Irving stagger out of the house in a emotional daze , one hand to he heart , fall to sidewalk with bloody nose and break glass -- sydney across the STREET burst out of the car . sydney prosser Irving ! run to he in her high heel -- help he sit up on the sidewalk . sydney prosser ( cont 'd ) you heart pill . where be you heart pill ? she dig through he pocket , find the pill , and feed one to he . Sydney struggle to help Irving to he foot and together , a embattle but survive couple , they cross the street arm and arm . she open the door and help he into the car . irving rosenfeld I have get to lay down . 145 . sydney prosser just rest . she get in and close the door . 185 int . irving' cadillac - day 185 they both slump down on the seat , stare at each other , emotional , humble . Sydney gently remove Irving 's break glass . they stare at each other , it be quiet . sydney prosser ( emotional , quiet ) be you ready ? irving rosenfeld yes . they stare at each other . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I love you . she squeeze he hand , raise it to she lip and kiss it . 206 int . amado' office - day 206 tilt up from the floor of the office to richie , amado , and stoddard intensely staring at the door for a confrontation , like in a western . the door open as irving and sydney enter and stare back at they . ANTHONY amado please . come in . sit down . they all sit . ANTHONY amado ( cont 'd ) do you know where we two million dollar be ? irving rosenfeld two million ? ( Irving push he new glass up the bridge of he nose ) it 's with Victor tellegio and alfonse Simone . ANTHONY amado no , actually it 's not with Victor tellegio or alfonse Simone . 146 . richie stand by the window , stare angrily at Irving . richie dimaso he fuck know about it . ANTHONY amado it 's go miss . do you know that ? irving rosenfeld where 's it go ? ANTHONY amado that 's interesting that you say that because while you be on you way over here , we get a anonymous phone call from someone who say that in exchange for immunity for the two of you and a reduce sentence for carmine polito we get we two million dollar back . irving rosenfeld that 's interesting . that 's very interesting . I have no idea . ANTHONY amado no idea ? irving rosenfeld no idea what you be talk about . Irving look at Sydney who look back at he and shake she head . she do not know either . ANTHONY amado I get it . I understand how this deal be make . see , someone have leverage . richie dimaso Anthony , fuck they . it 's over . we get they for wire fraud , it 's over . ( to Irving and Sydney ) you be do . you be both do . irving rosenfeld I do not think so . richie dimaso oh , you do not think so ? 147 . irving rosenfeld Richard , think about it , you request the two million . and you give Brenda the account number . we do not do any of that . none of it . ( turn dramatically to face richie ) how do we know that you do not have the money ? richie dimaso ( richie look from Irving to Sydney ) be I live in a fuck nightmare right now ? amado and stoddard stare incriminatingly at richie . irving rosenfeld I find this a little offensive . really , I find this a little offensive and I do not see that you get any sort of solid case against -- richie dimaso ( to amado and stoddard ) do not let he get in you head . listen to I , we be deal with a very clever individual . irving rosenfeld Richard , think about it . you get some big arrest . you get U.S. congressman . you look good . you be gonna be all over the news . you know what do not look good ? a story about gross incompetence 205 smash to : 205 flashback -- richie kick OPEN the door of lawyer alfonse simone's office with a warrant in he hand and two agent behind he . richie dimaso I have a warrant for -- richie look around disorient , we cannot see what he see yet . richie dimaso ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , do I have the wrong office ? ( check number on the door ) be this 701 ? alfonse Simone ? 148. man' voice ( o.s. ) this be 701 . -- we reveal the voice belong to a black attorney -- two black client across from he -- seated at what previously appear to be the desk of lawyer alfonse simone . black divorce lawyer my name be Roger thigpen . I have have this office for 25 year . I be a divorce attorney . richie be stunned . int . amado' office - day - back to present sydney prosser you lose two million dollar of taxpayer money because you be confuse about the location and the identity of Victor tellegio 's attorney ? CUT to : int . pool party - long island house - day - flashback where we first see Irving at the pool party . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) the role of tellegio 's attorney , alfonse Simone , be play by we friend Ed malone -- camera pan from Irving to Ed malone : irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) the " cold cut King of Long Island " -- Ed malone hold up two package of cold cut . also hold the cold cut be the two that frisk everyone at Simone 's office . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) whose party we be at when Sydney and I first meet . cut to Irving first meeting Sydney . CUT to : 149 . int . alfonse simone's office - day - flashback Ed malone , dress as alfonse Simone , step to camera to shake richie 's hand . ed malone alfonse Simone . CUT to : int . ANTHONY amado' office - day - back to present edith greensly people believe what they want to believe richie . richie dimaso that 's because you con I ! you both fuck con I . you both get under I . you do ! irving rosenfeld well that do not sound so good , either . I mean -- and I do not know what you be talk about , but -- let 's just assume you want to go with that story . really ? that 's the story you want to go with ? that 's what you want the New York Times to hear ? that you get con by the very con man who you force to entrap the member of Congress in the first place . that 's what you want to go with ? that do not sound so good for you whole thing . richie look like he 's go to be sick . irving rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) and how ironic that the most creative mind , the one who be work hardest to get the economy of New Jersey go , that be the one that you round up . and why ? because what , they be the easiest to go after ? and what about the real bullshit artist ? you do not even come close to the big league . that big guy . the money man . richie dimaso that 's what I be try to go after . 150 . irving rosenfeld I be sorry to tell you , you get none of them . stoddard thorsen you know , Richard , I think we may call you as a witness , but otherwise you be do . I think you better go home . richie disorient , appeal to stoddard . richie dimaso stoddard -- stoddard thorsen go on home , Richard . elo 's " 10538 overture " reprise on the soundtrack . ext . FBI office , federal office build , NY - day camera tilt down from the Federal Building to find richie come down the stair , emotional . richie walk wiping he eye , he innocence and edith , lose . CUT to : irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) we take down some very big guy . -rep . sander swarmed by photographer walking out of build , escorted by FBI agent . -rep . simmon escorted out of CITY hall . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) some of whom be just do business as usual help they community or they state . -rep . keshoygan be grabbed as he approach he car in a grocery store parking lot with a bag full of groceries . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) but some of they know they have larceny in they blood -- -rep . o'connell cover he face as photographer swarm he as he's arrested outside he house as wife and daughter look on . 151 . carl elway be chelsea HOTEL office in he bathrobe with he secretary in tear . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) and they even admit it . grey haire senator horton mitchell , wife by he side , deny any wrongdo and be photograph and humiliate as he then sit with she in a Federal car . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) but in all it be six congressman , one United States Senator , and my friend , carmine polito . the door to carmine's clapboard house open , carmine stand in the door , stare at the agent , he wife and child in tear stand behind he as he serve a warrant . carmine be handcuffed . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) we give the two million back so carmine get the reduce sentence . 18 month . the loss of he friendship would haunt I for the rest of my life . crowded federal build PRESS conference - many flashbulb as stoddard stand next to amado who make the announcement . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) and when the story be write , Richard dimaso 's name be never mention . camera pan through crowd to find richie in the way back , leaning against a pillar . fade to white on he sobered face . 209 ext . long island elementary school - day 209 fade in from white , pan down from white sky to schoolyard , child leaving elementary school . irving and sydney walk up to the school to pick up danny . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) syd and I move in together . and rosalyn -- rosalyn in a neck brace and off white trench coat and sunglass - 152 . rosalyn rosenfeld the car be a little dinge up and I be a little stiff but I do not want to talk about it . Irving stare at rosalyn . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) she would always be interesting . rosalyn get in to a car , revealing Pete musane in the driver 's seat . Irving lean in . pete musane ( to Irving ) you know my boss know you do he a solid . irving rosenfeld yes I do . he never take a nickle so they can not get he for nothing . I be never go to let that happen . Irving start to leave -- rosalyn rosenfeld irv. he stop and look at she . with red lacquer nail rosalyn place she favorite nail finish in he hand . rosalyn rosenfeld ( cont 'd ) I be do with this nail finish . bye for now . I will see you next weekend . Irving nod . rosalyn drive off with Pete . Sydney stand with Danny . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) we con day be behind we . Irving and Sydney walk hand and hand with Danny down the street . irv drop the nail finish into a trashcan . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) you can fool yourself for just so long and then you next reinvention better have you damn foot on the ground . 153 . 210 int . art gallery - day 210 Irving and Sydney admire a piece of art on the wall . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) we get a loan from a bank and be able to go gallery legitimate . int . SMALL bank - day Irving and Sydney sit in front of a banker ask for a loan . irving rosenfeld ( v.o. ) the art of survival be a story that never end . int . sydney's apartment - day sydney place the needle on the record playing on a turntable : duke ellington' jeep blue , begin . she stare across the room at irving . irving stare back her . CUT to black