american ultra bravo Charlie Delta echo foxtrot golf Hotel India written by juliet kilo lima Max landis November oscar papa Quebec Romeo Sierra tango uniform Victor Whisky X - Ray Zulu 4/15/13 int . interrogation room 1 the room be spotlessly clean and empty , save for a steel table and two chair . in one of they be a slump figure . we see he bloody , slightly burnt finger tip drum away on the table , but other than that , he 's motionless . the door open , and a young CIA analyst , in a suit and look very official , come in carry a file , and sit down across from the figure . analyst normally we would do this digitally , but as you know , I be not permit to bring in any kind of blunt or point object . ( glance through the file ) I be sure you have notice the seat be bolt to the floor ... the figure do not move or speak . analyst ( cont 'd ) so we be go to do this the old - fashioned way . he open the file , and spill out a number of very high definition photograph , and begin sorting and separate they , slide they around on the smooth metal surface . he stare down at the order photo . among other , we see : a bloody iphone . a bloody ring of car key . a completely demolish kitchen , swiss cheese with bullethole . a body hang from a resistance training machine . a bloody spoon . a teddy bear with a explode head and a shotgun shove up its ass . a burn Wal - Mart . his face be blank , stare at they , and then he allow a small expression of '' hm , what the fuck '' to peek out . analyst ( cont 'd ) okay . where do you want to begin ? startling slam in on a 737 take off ! whoa ! shit ! loud ! 2 int . portland INTERNATIONAL airport - departure gate 3 sitting alone , silently cry , be phoebe Larson , 28 , petite , strange and beautiful in she knit monkey cap and tomboyish , defeminize stoner - garb , look very small in she big puffy thermal winter coat . gate attendant ( intercom ) this be the final board call for Flight 1204 , depart for oahu , Hawaii . she sit there in silence , turn she unused board pass over and over again in she hand . she wipe a tear . phoebe .-- goddamnit , Mike . int . portland INTERNATIONAL airport - men' room 4 sitting alone in a stall , panting in quick , panicked breath , lean over a toilet , be mike howell , 29 , unkempt and scruffy all over , look like a lot of a mess . he come across as kind of a smudge of a person ; a charcoal sketch of the american slacker . he grunt , and then bang the wall of the stall in frustration . ext . liman , oregon - country road 5 Phoebe be drive she 1998 Civic up the snowy country road , Mike sit shotgun , he head press against the window . she look pale and heartbroken . Mike dare a look at she . mike I really be sorry , pheebs . phoebe ( quickly ) s’okay . Mike look back out the window , but then summon up courage . mike it 's not okay - phoebe s'fine . mike no it 's not , because I - this be something , we want , right , and I ruin it , and now - phoebe - do not ruin it - mike I do , it 's my fault , and you can , you should be , y’know - mad at I , or punish I - phoebe - not go to punish you - mike well - ugh , like why not ? phoebe because you can not help it . mike yeah - I - but when you say it like that it just make I sound retarded , Phoebe , I want - phoebe you want I to shout at you mike ? mike ah - no fuck no - phoebe then maybe you should leave I alone , maybe I ’m just processing this okay ? maybe I ’m — there 's the whoop of a police siren , and Phoebe see police headlight in she rearview . phoebe ( cont 'd ) oh come onnnnnnn ( to Mike ) be you hold ? mike no , hell no , we be go on a plane - phoebe be you hold ? mike I - maybe in the trunk , yeah - phoebe fuck . Mike . fuck . Phoebe pull over . mike I be sorry . phoebe stop apologize . behind they , sheriff bernie watt , 44 , who look exactly as you would expect a 44 year old man name bernie watt to look , get out of he car , and slowly sidle up to the Honda . watt hi phoebe. ( beat , lean in ) hi Mike . they be both silent . Mike wave awkwardly . watt ( cont 'd ) Heard you two be go on vacation ? ha -wai-ee . Mike shift self - consciously . watt ( cont 'd ) you have another one of you little episode , Mike ? ( laugh ) you know Phoebe I once have to drive you boy home cause he be have one of they ep -i-sode out on the freeway tryna leave town . be not that right , mikey ? phoebe be there a reason you pull we over ? watt easy on the tone there , miss Larson . Phoebe look down , silent . phoebe sorry . watt I would hate to search this car . get to the point that you boyfriend here should start leave a toothbrush over at the overnight down at the station . ( beat ) ai not that right Mike ? mike ...- that 's right , sheriff watt . watt stand up and stretch , look around the empty , snowy road , then sigh . watt welcome back to town , hope you enjoy you vacation , all three hour of it , ha ! just kiddin’ . just checkin on you . you know I like to keep you safe . slam to : moment later . watt be go ; they be drive into town . Phoebe be clearly still furious , silent . mike ( imitate watt ) oh I be just checkin on you , try to fuck you life up just a bit , hope you do not mind while I fuck up you whole deal - phoebe I be not gonna do this . mike ... what ? phoebe I be not gonna make fun of he with you , I be mad at you . I be not on you side right now . Mike 's quiet as they pull into the driveway of Phoebe 's little one- bedroom . mike but if you be not on my side ... then my side be just I . phoebe you want to be punish . so there it be . Phoebe get out , and slam she car door . Mike gingerly close he , and follow she into the house . int . phoebe 's house - kitchen - later 7 night have fall on the town of liman , Oregon . Phoebe 's kitchen be a complete fuck mess , clearly due to Mike ; there be half empty beer bottle and can everywhere , as well as wrapper and box from quickie-meals . Phoebe be furiously wash dish , fully focus on she task . Mike stick a quickie-meal in the microwave ( with a fork ) , press on , and then go and sit down on the ruddy couch in the live room . mike ( quietly ) Home sweet home . he take out he bong , light it , and take a hit . he look at Phoebe in the kitchen . she look piss . he reach into he pocket , and pull out a small ringbox . he open it , look at the classy , single stone engagement ring inside . he take another hit on he bong , and then turn to Phoebe . mike ( cont 'd ) Phoebe ? phoebe ( not look up ) what . there 's a flash from inside the microwave . Mike notice , Phoebe do not . he clumsily hop over the couch , go to the microwave . mike hey , you think it 's true what they say about microwave ? phoebe ( not look up ) what do they say about microwave ? there 's another flash from inside the microwave . mike you know that if you put metal in , it - ... cancer or something ? phoebe why , do you - shit Mike ! Mike - Phoebe rush across the kitchen and yank open the microwave ; the fork be sparking , and billow black smoke . mike shit I be sorry I be sorry - phoebe what the hell be you do , dude ! Phoebe pick up a rotting beer and throw it into the microwave to put out the fire . Mike stand helplessly by , mutter apology . phoebe ( cont 'd ) it 's break , man , you break my microwave . you break my - mike I be sorry - I do not - I - Phoebe groan , throw up she hand . phoebe stop fucking up ! for ten second , just stop fucking up , okay ? mike I be sorry - phoebe and stop apologizing ! later Phoebe be sit on the couch , now in she sweatpant , 8 watch tv ; some Discovery channel show . she pick up the bong , and take the biggest rip off of it you have ever see . she notice boo - boo bear seat on a barcolounger opposite she . it 's a stuff carnival bear ; ugly and stupid look . sharp eye might recognize that we have see this bear before . with its head blow off and a shotgun shove up its ass . Mike begin rub Phoebe 's shoulder from behind the couch . phoebe ( cont 'd ) that feel nice . mike yeah ? Mike climb over the couch to sit next to she . phoebe no you do not get to cuddle I now I be mad at you . mike oh no ? Mike lean in , kissing she neck . mike ( cont 'd ) I be seduce you . phoebe no I be mad at you . Mike push the kissing up she neck , and they start to make - out . Phoebe begin feebly bashing at mike head with she fist as they continue kissing . phoebe ( cont 'd ) see , I be hit you because I be mad at you . Mike begin hit she too . mike I be hit you now too - phoebe we be mad at each other - we be hit each other Mike roll over on top of she . mike how be we ever go to work through all of this aggression ? the make out get much heavier . Mike lift she pajama top and start kissing down the length of she body , till he head be at she crotch . phoebe this be not go to make I less mad . mike yeah , well . give it a minute . slam to : int . the pentagon - lasseter 's office 9 Diane lasseter , 47 , sit alone in she office . she look like someone who 's be alone in they office for most of they life , although there 's something strike about she presence that say '' the office I be alone in be not normally this small , buster . '' she 's review different file on she computer , as well as a few hard document , large portion of they black - out . she look at one page , on which the only not black out word be '' car , '' '' melon '' and '' Harry Potter . '' lasseter ( muttere ) the fuck be I suppose to read this ? this be retarded . she sigh in frustration , and someone knock on she doorframe . it 's petey douglas , 34 , latino , energetic and babyface , look sharp in he CIA suit . douglas you still here , lasseter ? lasseter til the break of dawn , that 's how we be run it . you be not my assistant anymore , what be you do down here ? douglas I just miss you . you know , you be not on the big desk now , you can let some thing slide - lasseter thanks for remind I about the size of my desk , petey , you can go . douglas I be sorry , I just - lasseter enough , agent Douglas . 10 . Douglas stand there awkwardly . douglas I just - you son call , and he say that he be stay at he girlfriend 's house , so - do you want I to feed mister timothy , tonight ? lasseter I be sorry , he girlfriend 's house ? and you say that be okay ? douglas I do not know , if you know , you say it be okay - lasseter Jesus christ . he 's - shit . okay , fuck , mister timothy . God , yes , feed he , thank you petey . douglas okay , I get it miss lasseter . Douglas head out . lasseter sigh , look at she file , and then take out she cell phone , the background of which be a adorable picture of she cat , mister timothy . she dial '' Scott . '' her son , scott lasseter , 15 , pick up in he girlfriend 's room , push he amorous girlfriend away from he ; they be clearly mid hook up . we CUT back and forth between they . sscottt hey mom - lasseter sharp move there pass the bill off on my Douglas hot shot - sscottt Mom it be not a '' move '' I think you would be okay with it - lasseter I be sick of people make play behind my back - 11 . sscottt I be upfront I swear I think you have be cool - lasseter well I be not '' cool , '' Scott - sscottt obviously not . lasseter oh yeah very clever - sscottt ( winking at he girlfriend ) I think so . lasseter we be gonna see who 's clever tomorrow morning bucko , I - there 's a buzz from inside lasseter 's desk . sscottt ..- Mom ? be you okay ? the buzz come again . lasseter gasp . lasseter i- Scott , I ’1ll call you back . I love you . scottt Mom what 's go on - she stop dead . lasseter hang up . she unlock she desk , and take out a cell that 's be plugge into she hard - drive from inside . she press a button on she desk ; she door shut , then lock . the mood have completely change . lasseter be clearly on the edge of she seat , she mind racing , as she raise the phone to she ear . lasseter lasseter . distorted voice ( on phone ) toughguy be active . initiative base be wiseman . think you should know . 10 11 12 12 . lasseter what ? there 's silence on the other end . lasseter , shift in she seat , frantically try to find something to do , but be clearly already out of idea . lasseter ( cont ’d ) but that 's american soil , that 's treason , who be it , yate , he can not - distorted voice ( 0.s. ) toughguy be active . initiative base be wiseman . it 's already happen . that be all . the Voice hang up . lasseter sit alone in she office , stare straight ahead . everyone else have go home , and she 's there , alone , she heart pound in she chest . int . phoebe 's house 10 Mike snort awake on the couch as Phoebe 's car start in the driveway . she 's head to work . we move into a montage set to inx 's '' disappear '' as we watch Mike 's morning routine . he shower , eat eggo waffle with he hand while smoking weed , get dress , hop in he car , a yellow 1977 chevy chevette , and head to stop and shop the grocery market where he work . we watch Mike work the register , stock item , do little dance as the day go by , generally be a mediocre to shitty employee . once the store be close , he walk through , '' clean up , '' which Mike simply translate to '' walk around , eat fresh produce , '' until it 's night and he 's gather the cart in the dark parking lot . he 12 look around to make sure no one 's watch , and then fire up a blunt from he pocket ... but we zoom out and up 13 14 15 16 13. into a computerize grid , cover in data read-out and information , Mike stand at the center of it - up higher to cloud level , more data scrolling in every direction ; thrice black troop transport helicopter blow past , descend towards the town - into space where a spy satellite pass , the world neatly separate iritto a million different coordinate on a massive grid , data read - out blur the screen until- slam back to Mike , cough up some smoke from he joint . mike ack - ckkk - ugh that 's nasty , that be some nasty shit . ( toss away the joint ) yipe . Mike turn , and start push the cart inside . 15 slam to title : american ultra int . house party - night 16 it 's a youngish , hipstery house party ; it 's as hipstery as liman , Oregon get , anyway . people be drink , smoking , play beerpong . Phoebe be talk to she friend , gretchen and hooper . phoebe no , we be gonna go , but Mike - you know , have one of he thing - gretchen he should get help , that 's not normal - hooper wait , I be behind , what thing - phoebe it 's nothing , he - 17 14 . gretchen ohmafugahd , how do you not know about this ? Mike can not leave town . phoebe gretchen - gretchen it 's like a super serious thing , he can not leave it ever , he have like , nervous breakdown and throw up - phoebe it 's not - he 's not - gretchen that 's why he never go to any concert or anything , because he can not leave liman , like , ever , do not you wonder about that ? hooper I just sorta think that he be - y'know , lazy , or whatever - gretchen no , it 's like a serious , super serious mental disorder . gretchen and hooper keep talk , but Phoebe look over to where Mike be stand uncomfortably in the corner . Mike notice Phoebe look , and try to fake enjoy himself and dance . Phoebe laugh , and Mike start do impression of various people at the party , make Phoebe laugh harder . one of the guy notice Mike make fun of he , and turn around and shove he into a shelf full of stuff , which break and come apart . phoebe oh shit Mike ! ext . liman , oregon - dark road - night 17 Mike and Phoebe be sit in Phoebe 's car , park on the side of the road , smoking weed . up on a hillside far ahead of they , there 's be a bad car accident . a porsche have go off the road and hit a tree , send the driver through the windshield . 15 . emergency vehicle be tend to the scene , lighting the area in flash red and yellow . Mike nod , mike so then rocket monkey and chip the Brick be both like , '' what the heck just happen , '' right ? and it turn out spicy tomato be in charge the whole time , and they have be dupe , so in the next book they have to go after he . phoebe be you ever gonna write this stuff down ? mike I - yeah , man , soon , I just gotta finish the drawing . I just - I just like talk about it , and think about it , rocket monkey and he adventure - phoebe no I like when you talk about it too , but I mean ... there 's gonna be a point where you could maybe make money off this or whatever . tell you storey to other people than I ... and all that . think , listless , look out at the accident . mike you know what skeeb I out ? phoebe ( cough ) what ? mike like , that car have move so much . it be build in a factory , okay , on a production line , then it get ship - phoebe right and then the guy be drive it - 16 . mike right , but all this time , for like year , for decade , this one tree have be sit in this one place do nothing . and then , tonight , it stop this car . Phoebe 's into it . phoebe right , okay , yeah ... mike so it 's like this car be always go , right , but this tree be always ... stop ? like it 's just be stop there for year and then tonight it meet something that 's go and it 's like no . stopping . and then suddenly this tree that 's never do anything be fuckin’ destroy this beautiful , fast thing - phoebe be you cry ? Mike quickly try to cover this up , and Phoebe reach across to he , give he a awkward front - seat hug . phoebe ( cont 'd ) no , no , why be you cry - mike because , like ... be I that tree ? phoebe what , no , no - mike be I that tree and you be that car and I be just stop you and the guy go through the windshield - phoebe no , Mike , stop - Mike 's cry way harder now , he look fresh retarded . mike my root , you be tangle in my root — 17 . phoebe no Mike you be not a tree ! mike ( wail ) I ama tree ! I be a bad tree ! ahhhh ! wahhhhhh ! 18 int . phoebe 's house - bedroom 18 Mike and Phoebe lay in bed , Mike hold she . they be both almost asleep . phoebe I love you . you feel good . you make I feel good . mike Phoebe I be so sorry Hawaii - phoebe hey , it 's okay . it really be , it 's okay . I know you be go to beat this , I know you be go to get through it . you be the kindest , sweetest person I have ever meet . I believe in you , I have faith in you . I love you . I can wait . he hold she tight , and then blow a raspberry into the back of she neck , and Phoebe laugh . phoebe ( cont 'd ) you be a fuckin’ mess , man . mike I know . abrupt slam to : 19 int . the pentagon - meeting room - night 19 a meeting room full of people be clear out ; among they be adrian yate , 29 , a young hot - shot if you have ever see one . he 's straight top -gun , square - away , half poli-sci geek and half fratboy douche , with a haircut that make you want to shoot he three time in the chest . lasseter intercept he , and they talk as she pester he up the hallway . 18 . lasseter yate ! yate oh for christsake - yes , Diane ? lasseter I get word toughguy be move on the old wiseman asset ? yate where have you hear that ? lasseter be it true ? yate it do not concern you - lasseter wiseman be my baby - yate yes , and it be stillborn , so what be you cry about ? lasseter you be come after my stillborn baby - yate can we take this into my office ? they go into he office 20 much nicer than lasseter 's . 20 yate ( cont 'd ) wiseman be dead as a doornail , you do not even have op on any of the asset - lasseter that 's not true , selburg - yate fuck selburg , selburg 's go native . why be you so upset , you be the one who close the program down - 19 . lasseter because it be a flaw model , I do not know you yuppie ass be go to ride in on a vulture and pick the bone of my operation - yate I be make supervisor fair and square - lasseter temporary supervisor , because you kiss the right ass - — yate no because I be the best guy for the job - lasseter accord to who , daffy duck !? yate accord to krueger , and I be clearly doin somethin’ right cause it 's be two year - — lasseter and it be suppose to be two month ! i- look I do not care how long you have be here , you do not have the experience nor the intelligence to run a operation like this - yate ( conversation - ender ) we be clear the portfolio . lasseter clear the- but they be human being - — yate they be asset - lasseter - they be american citizen - yate - they be government property - lasseter - you can not argue semantics - 20 . yate I can and will , you want to go in on semantics we can talk all day and all of wiseman will still be dead by midnight tomorrow . lasseter I - but - ( frantic ) what about selburg ? yate selburg 's part of the portfolio , vis -a-vis - lasseter you be not clear a embed asset in the field , there be no way you could get a go- ahead on that , that 's insanity , let I call it in - yate call it in to who , exactly ? krueger ? he have laugh in you face . how many op on homesoil actually ever get fully clear ? it do not stop they from happen , the wheel be in motion - lasseter be you fuck insane ? yate Language please . lasseter listen to I , King idiot , you be riding a very thin line of legality - yate no you listen to I , you snipey , overbearing cunt . lasseter falter , shocked . yate ( cont 'd ) we be nine down as of right now . lasseter I - nine !? 21 22 21. yate yes , and you can not do shit . what be you go to do , go over I ? you even have this information be a massive security breach . you will be detain and torture to reveal you source , indite as a traitor and lock away forever , even if you find out I do not have proper sanction or protocol you would still be ina bureaucratic catch 22 where you be the bad guy . you be my fuck dog here , I could walk you , behave . my program work , yours do not , my security clearance be go , yours be stop , my direction be up , yours be down and fall , you be gonna come in my fuckin’ office and shout at I ? be you fuck kid ? you only stand to screw yourself over royally . so essentially you be fuck , you be better off not know , and there be absolutely no move you can make without put yourself deep , deep , deep in the red . get that ? lasseter stare at he , quaking with anger . yate ( cont 'd ) get the fuck . out of my . off-eez . lasseter stand up , and march straight out of the office . yate ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) boom . int . phoebe 's house - bedroom - morning 21 Phoebe 's car start in the driveway , waking Mike up . ext . 7 - 11 - out back - midmorning 22 Mike 's car be park , and he 's wait . after a moment , a lift - truck , candy - paint green with pink stripe like a watermelon from hell , roll up blast terrible rap . Mike get out of the car , to greet 22 . rose , early 30 , a frightening dealer - type with tattoo cover he neck and face . they slap hand . mike Rose , hey man ! rose Mike , sup nigga . get that for I ? mike yeah , here . Mike fumble in he coat , draw out a folio . mike ( cont 'd ) I really appreciate you do this for I , man . Rose open the folio , and look at the picture inside ; it 's a illustration of Rose , smoking a huge joint , riding a dragon that have the lower body of a motorcycle , kill a bunch of police officer as he fly through space . rose aw man . aw shit man . this be siiiiiiiick ! Rose slap hand with Mike , who smile , but seem to be wait for something - rose ( cont ’d ) aw here man it 's cool I get you , I get you nigga-nogga . Rose go to the back of he truck , pull down a big box . rose ( cont 'd ) this be more illegal than the shit you usual get , feel I ? possession of this shit be serious shit up in a bitch , yeah ? bitch shit to be shit bitching all over this shit , fuck , you know what I mean nigga ? Mike have open the box , and be look down at a two dozen high - explosive illegal mortar firework . mike perfect . Rose , they be perfect . rose you gonna make it real romantic for that pussy . ( more ) 23 23. rose ( cont 'd ) that 's some serious proposal engagement wedding type life changer shit . mike that 's the plan . rose you one sensitive nigga , bitch . that 's gonna be cute . Mike laugh and hug Rose . int . stop and shop - night - continuous 23 Mike be ringing out the last couple customer . he 's quietly sketching a picture of he two character , rocket monkey and chip the brick , dance around a engagement ring , as the next customer come up . he smile down at he two creation , and then look up to see - lasseter chariot progressive . listen . finally , we thread intersect . Mike 's head jerk oddly ; he stare at she across the counter , completely blank . lasseter , look harry and dishevel , stand across the counter from he . lasseter ( cont ’d ) mandelbrot set be in motion . echo choir have be breach , we be field the ball . Mike blink , confuse . mike be that - what be that , be that a lyric from something - lasseter fuck . no. chariot progressive , listen . mandelbrot set be in motion - mike yeah man be you gonna get anything , or - lasseter Mike you be not listen to I - 24 24 . mike Cause you be buy a carton of milk and a cup 'a ’noodle , what 's that suppose to be about - lasseter chariot progressive - mike Lady , enough with the ... stuff , okay ? I be suppose to be close up , I can not ... what 's wrong ? lasseter be stare at he helplessly , tear stream down she face . mike ( cont 'd ) you be cry . lasseter ( break down ) I be sorry Mike . I be so sorry , I try . I try . lasseter leave , Mike look after she , bewilder . mike ( notice ) do not you want you soup ? moment later Mike be clean up , walk through the store , eat produce . he seem distract and fidgety ; he 's play with the engagement ring again , while he eat the cup ’o ’noodle . ext . shop and stop —- parking lot - moment later 24 Mike exit the store , lock it up , and then notice something odd . under the one light in the parking lot , he 1976 chevy chevette be be accost by two men in all black . they look fairly scary . Mike stare at they , eat the Cup 'a ’noodle and then start walk towards they , casually . mike hey. 25 . they do not notice he . they be too busy do something to the underside of he car . mike ( cont 'd ) h - Mike notice that the man have pistol in shoulder holster . Holy shit . what 's this about ? but Mike be not stop he forward progress . he seem almost trancelike , drop the hand hold the spoon down to he side . mike ( cont 'd ) ( quietly , mutter ) get gun . .. smy soup . he 's still walk , calmly , flipping the spoon . he 's almost to the car now . one of the two man look up , see he , and signal to the other . they advance on Mike . mike ( cont 'd ) hey , stop do shit to my car - one of the man lunge at mike - the flash of a tactical knife in the street light - Mike fade back , dodging three swipe of the knife easily , before throw the steaming cup 'a ' noodle into the man 's face , grab he arm and knee the elbow - the arm break , and Mike bring the spoon around hard into the side of the man 's head , break he jaw - the other man lunge , but Mike lurch towards he , knock he arm away and slamm the spoon down into the bridge of the man 's nose , break it - he spin , and as the man with the break jaw stand , raise a pistol - Mike kick the pistol out of he hand , palm the man 's jaw and jab the spoon into he neck , crush he windpipe . the man stagger back , gag , and Mike turn - the man with the break nose be back up , also raise a gun - Mike stab the spoon into he eye , then into he ear , then shove the man away , casually snatching the gun and fire a single round into the man 's head . 25 26 . he drop , dead . the other man lay on the ground , choke , and then die . Mike stand alone , hold the spoon . mike ( cont 'd ) ( long beat ) what the fuck just happen !? int . 24 hour bail bond 25 Phoebe sit at she desk at the front counter . she 's look down at the oahu board pass , stare at it . she sigh , and then slide it off she desk , into the garbage . her cell phone ring . '' mike so cute . '' she answer it . phoebe hey honey - mike I just kill two dude ! phoebe ( laugh ) ...- what ? we CUT back and forth between Phoebe , and mike sitting in he car . the two dead dude be visible in the background . mike two dude be try to get into my car at work , and they have knife and gun and deadly shit , and this weird old chick , not super old , fuckable old but she be weird - and then I take a spoon and shove it through this two dude - phoebe slow down , okay , you need to slow down for a second - mike I can't slow down I just kill mad dude in this parking lot - phoebe do you call the police ? 27 . mike no man cause I be the kill - guy , I be the murder ... i've got mushroom and weed and shit in my car and I just kill two dude with a spoon , I need you to come here right now or i'm just gonna start pissing man , i'm gonna piss my fucking pant -— slam to : Phoebe be in the parking lot , stare at the two dead dude . Mike , head in hand , stand behind she , lean on he car . phoebe ( long beat ) how the fuck do this happen ? mike one dude I shot in the head and the other guy I just , I do not know , spoon he in the neck and he shit ended - phoebe no I mean who the fuck be this two guy , Mike , like who the shit be they actually - mike I don't know phoebe you just kill two guy man ! mike they be gonna stab my shit , pheeb -— phoebe why be people try to stab you !? mike I don ’t know , I ’m freaking out babe i'm all over the fuckin ’... place ! there 's the whoop of a police siren . phoebe oh fuck I . a police car slowly roll into the parking lot . a spotlight hit each of the dead guy , then settles on Mike and Phoebe . 28 . mike I ’m sorry . 26 int . the pentagon - yate 's office 26 yate be freaking out via videochat with otis , 30 , a stern - face military type . yate two casualty . what do you mean two casualty . OoTis we lose two asset attempt to neutralize wiseman designate howl . yate .-- how be that possible ? OoTis howl engage toughguy asset diesel and Potter outside of callsign sigma - yate '' engage , '' clarify please - OoTis he be armed with a spoon sir . he engage and neutralize - yate a CA - a fucking spoon ? ... what ? OoTis we be not sure yet the exact nature of the confrontation - yate he 's be fuck activate , do you not see that ? this be lasseter , it have to be . she 's in the town . lock it down and find she , now ! OoTis Sir yes sir . the whole town ? yate yes the whole town . liman be as of right now , a hot zone . contain it . I be send you a fake - out , use it . 27 29 . otis - Sir yes sir - yate where 's asset howl now ? OoTis he 's be arrest , sir . yate arrested - I - you - okay . we go in , and we take he out . employ asset crane and laugher . otis the station be under watch by civilian police officer , sir - yate civilian ? who give a f- bulldoze the place . we can not have a code orange rogue wiseman asset , that be outside mission parameter . OoTis Sir yes sir . yate close he laptop , fidget . yate what the fuck . what the fuck . ( beat ) no , you know what , no . yate open and then re-slam close he laptop , turn off he computer , unplug he cell ... yate ( cont 'd ) nuhnuhnuh no no . yate grab he coat and head out the door . int . liman sheriff 's station - holding cell - night 27 Phoebe be lay out on one of the cot in one of the sparse hold cell , look miserable . Mike be pace rapidly back and forth . deputy krantz , 20 , portly , be keep watch on they . Mike , face away from Phoebe , be play with the engagement ring box . 30 . mike ( mutter to himself ) this - ( glance at Phoebe , quietly ) this be the wrong moment . 28 ext . liman sheriff station - continuous 28 deputy jordan , 20 , and labutte , 40s , be stand next to a ambulance . sheriff watt drive up in he station wagon , clearly wake up , drink coffee from a thermos as he get out . watt okay , jesus , I be awake , what 's the big emergency . deputy jordan we get - deputy labutte we have get two body in there . no id , no nothin . we be run the print now , but - watt body ? what , you mean , corpse ? Dead human being ? slam to : 29 watt be in the ambulance , look at the two dead guy . # 9 poke one of they . watt ( cont 'd ) Christ . this guy be huge . deputy labutte they be both armed , we get the gun in evidence . glock , lookin 's factory fresh . watt pull down one of the guy 's collar , see a huge red splotch on the neck . watt what do this ? 31 . deputy labutte we do not know , sir . no weapon on scene but two knife and the two glock . watt and you say mikey howell do this ? labutte and Jordan be both quiet . back in the cell 30 Mike be kneel in front of Phoebe , talk to she quiet1yg0 phoebe tell I one more time , Mike - mike I hit he with a spoon and he lung explode . phoebe it be not he lung - mike that 's what happen , he could not breathe , I get he in the neck - phoebe you lung be not in you neck they be in you chest . mike okay that do not even make any sense to I right now ! phoebe you say a old lady say something to you , what do she say ? mike I do not - I do not even remember , just some like blahblah nothing - phoebe Mike we be in jail right now , okay ? I be in jail . you need to focus for I , okay ? please just remember what the lady say . mike ( think ) she say . ( rapidly ) ( more ) 31 32 . mike ( cont 'd ) mandelbrot set be in motion . echo choir have be breach , we be field the ball . phoebe ( beat ) what the fuck do that mean ? mike I do not know , but that be crazy , I like - I remember the whole thing like it - wait , holy shit , I like remember everything , like every single thing that happen in the last ninety four minute - ninety four minute , how do I know that exact number , that 's crazy - phoebe Mike , slow down . watt yeah Mike . they turn to see watt stand at the bar . watt ( cont 'd ) you slow waaaaaaaaay down . ext . liman sheriff 's station - shortly thereafter 31 the night be cold , snowy , windy and dark . there 's a faint sound ; '' thukathukathuka . '' if that 's a helicopter , it 's whisper quiet . and then , two figure step into frame ; dark outline against the light of the station . the first of they carry a massive saw Machine gun . he move sort of jerkily , like he joint ache . this be crane . the second figure , closer to we , appear empty hand , nothing more than a silohuette . he make a horrible cough sound , then stop , motionless , and throw back he head ... ...- letting out a bizarrely quavering , trill laugh , that echoe out against the wind ; it 's unnerve , seizure - like , a noise this man clearly can not control . it could only come from a true lunatic . 32 33. this be laugher . the laughter get louder and louder and then slam to : int . liman sheriff station - interrogation room 32 Mike and Phoebe be sit across from sheriff watt , who look deeply troubled . Mike , handcuff , take Phoebe 's hand under the table . she pull away . Mike hang he head . watt how many time you be in this station , Mike . since you be twenty two , how many time you think . Mike 's silent . watt ( cont 'd ) would you believe thirty ? would you believe that ? ( beat ) I have you in here on trespasp . I have you in here on public intoxication . I have you in here on disorderly conduct , and possession , holy hell , possession . ( beat ) now you and I both know you be the luckiest man alive . you probation officer must be the Michael Jordan of bullshitter , because I never see you go for more than four day before you be back at that market , back toolin around town ... ( long beat ) tell I you do not kill this people , Mike . Mike 's silent . phoebe they attack he . watt Excuse I ? 33 34 . phoebe they attack Mike , it be self defense - watt you be he girlfriend , he mother , he may , he landlord and now you be he lawyer ? Phoebe , let the man speak for himself . mike do not be a dick . it be just a thing , it be a thing that happen - watt a thing ? Mike two man be dead - there 's a knock , and deputy krantz lean in . watt ( cont 'd ) what ? deputy krantz we have get a problem . watt we get plenty of problem - deputy krantz Nah man we get a big weird problem out here . watt think for a moment . watt okay , take ’em back to the cell . this be not over . out in the station Phoebe and Mike be be lead by krantz . they reach the 33 cell , krantz open it ; he start to uncuff Mike , but then get a text . mike hey man , come on . deputy krantz huh . somethin 's up with my phone . the iphone screen be scramble and malfunction . 35 . phoebe what the hell , that 's not normal . deputy krantz --- it be not ? in the front of the station 34 labutte , Jordan and watt be huddle over a computer . 34 watt I do not get it . deputy jordan every line out of the station be down , radio , internet , the phone line - deputy labutte we try cell , too , nothin work , not even the computer - deputy jordan yeah I say the internet be down - deputy labutte yeah but the computer 's mail be down too . watt be it a power shortage or - all of the light in the station shut off . back at the cell krantz , light by the screen of he iphone , look around , confuse , when he neck be abruptly snapped - Mike catch he cellphone before it hit the ground - Phoebe scream , and Mike step in front of she , hold up the iphone for light . there 's silence in the darkness . Mike frantically move the light around ... ... there 's nobody . mike ( whisper ) Phoebe get the key , the key for the handcuffs . 35 36 36 . Phoebe kneel , get krantz 's flashlight as Mike swing around the iphone . she begin yanking on the key . phoebe shit - shit - and then , from the darkness ... laugher eeeheheheheheheeheeahhahahahaha back at the front watt , labutte and Jordan , they flashlight out , spin at tite horrible sound . watt what in the fuck be go - holy shit , crane be in the room ! he begins to FIRE the machine gun , instantly killing jordan , bullet shredd he ! watt and labutte drop behind desk , draw gun . back at the cell Phoebe and Mike turn at the sound of the gunfire , and laugher pounce onto mike - oh shit krav maga close quarter exchange ! laugher and Mike go back and forth impossibly fast - attack , block , counter , attack , counter , attack - phoebe Mike ! mike ! as the back - up generator to the police station hum to life , casting everything in flim - flash flicker of light , Phoebe frantically unholster krantz 's revolver , as laugher grab Mike into a deadly headlock - but laugher 's distract by Phoebe , and he turn and kick the gun out of she hand - but Mike twist he way free , turn and bring up krantz 's iphone , quickly put it up against laugher 's front tooth , and then slam he palm into the back of it - -knocking laugher' teeth down he throat ! whoa ! ew ! laugher stagger backwards , but Mike catch he head and slam it against the bar repeatedly - 37 38 39 37 . laugher scream and break free , elbow Mike in the throat , then the nose , wham - and Mike kick he into the jail cell ! Phoebe pop up and slam the door ! hah ! gotcha ! mike ha! nice ! Mike notice krantz 's gun be in the cell . mike ( cont 'd ) ( point ) the gun , the gun ! laugher dive for it , grab it , but Mike roll , grab Phoebe and pull she out of the way down the hall just as laugher open FIRE . he pull she out to the MAIN 37 room where crane immediately turn and open fire on they with the machine gun ! we see 38 outside the station , bullet blow out through the window and wall ! back inside 39 Mike and Phoebe dive behind a partition , scramble as crane continue fire , decimate the station . the gun run out of ammunition , and crane frown at it . they lay flat , as labutte pop up and take a shot at crane - - who duck it , and then swing the gun like a baseball bat , smashing labutte in the face ! labutte go down , and watt pop up , fire twice - crane tilt dodge both shot draw a pistol and shoot watt twice in the chest - watt go down , and crane start slowly approach watt . phoebe ( pull at mike ) c’'mon - c’mon - 40 38 . crane turn at the sound , and fire three time at the desk Phoebe and Mike hide behind . there 's dead silence . crane shift , and again we see the odd , jerky way he move as he pop every joint in he body , shaking himself out . crane .»+- bonjour . jambo. hello . hola . salut . mike ( whisper ) what the hell be he - crane toss aside he gun and charge the desk , moving way too fast - but Mike , hearing he approach , pop up , grab a laptop off the desk and fling it like a frisbee , catch crane flush in the chest ! crane be knock off he foot , landing flat on he back , ow ! mike ( cont 'd ) shit ! phoebe come on ! Phoebe grab Mike and pull he towards the front door . ext . liman sheriff station - continuous 40 Mike and Phoebe burst out , run , and second later crane come crashing through the glass door . crane ( loudly ) wait . Mike instinctively stop and turn , look at crane . mike what ? crane fling a grenade at Mike - who catch it and throw it back - crane catch it and throw it back - mike flip and spike kick the grenade back at crane , who duck , it pass he and go into the police station - boom the grenade goe off , knocking crane down ! 4l 39 . Mike hurry to he foot to see crane charging at he , move herky - jerky , bloody from cut from the explosion . mike ( cont 'd ) oh no no no - crane begin beat the snot out of Mike , huge haymaker bam bam bam , but Mike recover , throw a handful of snow in he face and knock he away , counter a few punch - crane knock he down , and Mike grab krantz 's key out of he pocket , ball they in between he finger to give himself claw and then slashes crane repeatedly - no crane come back , counter strike , counter , reversal , counter - this make bourne Identity look like power ranger - Mike weave through another barrage of big hit , then bring up the loose handcuff still lock on he wrist , and , use it like a pair of brass - knuckle , bash crane in the face ! crane stumble backwards , and then fall dead . Mike stare at he , and then look up at the police station : the front office be on fire from the grenade , smoke leak out of the shattered glass door . Mike turn and grab Phoebe . we hear laugher , distant , cackle from inside the station . mike ( cont 'd ) come on ! phoebe Mike , wait - mike nah man , no waiting , let 's go , now . int . CIA jet 41 yate sit on a CIA private jet , in flight . he 's sit calmly , look out the window and sip a rum and coke . his satellite phone ring , and he take it out . his eye widen , and he smile , answer . yate hello darling . CUT to : 42 40 . lasseter , on she own satellite phone , be at the edge of 42 town where we can see white truck with orange flash light , and man in Disease containment suit set up a checkpoint . lasseter be pull over in shadow at the edge of the road . lasseter why be I look at fema truck . why be there man in haz - Mat suit walk around like extraterrestrials . what in the shit be you do . yate a dog with raby get loose . a real old bitch - lasseter you prick - yate I be a prick ? thanks to you action , two CIA asset be dead , you be try to blow my whole operation - lasseter you '' operation '' be murder ! yate oh cry I a fuck river why do not you ! this be the last time you and I talk . there 's a reckoning come for you , Diane - lasseter this be about I ? yate '' this be about I '' yes it 's about you . you think I be stupid , you think I do not think I know what you be do , you be try to make I look like a asshole - lasseter you be do a fine job of that yourself - 43 yate I try to play nice about this , back in my office - lasseter what , when you call I a cunt ? yate splutter , flustered . lasseter ( cont ’d ) I be take you down , yate . I be bring this whole thing crash through the floor do you hear I ? yate '' bring it through the floor " , really , that 's big talk for a fortysomething year old woman with what , a cell phone , you can not touch I , you can not - — ( beat ) do you hang up ? tell I you do not hang up . 41 . yate fling the phone away from he in anger . he then wait a beat , grab he rum and coke , and fling that , too . ext . stop and shop - night 43 Phoebe and Mike rapidly approach the stop and shop parking lot , head towards Mike 's car , Mike pull Phoebe along by the arm . phoebe where be we go ? mike we will get my car , and we will go to Rose 's house - Phoebe pull away from he . phoebe Rose !? that 's you plan ? mike Rose have gun and shit , plus maybe he can get we out of the town - phoebe out of the town - Mike you can not do that , you know you will not be able to - 42 . mike well I do not have people try to kill I before , Phoebe - phoebe you be not - you be not ina position to be make plan - mike then who be ? I have kill three people tonight , man , the cop be dead , who 's qualified to handle shit right now ? Phoebe take a breath . Mike shrug . Phoebe 's tone change . phoebe ..- if the guy 's in the thing , in the cell , and he do not see the gun , do not point at the gun and say '' gun ! gun ! '' mike I know - phoebe and if someone who just try to kill you say '' wait , '' you don't stop to see what they want to talk about -— mike stop yelling at I ! phoebe I ’m scare mike ! mike no , you're fine ! you 're fine , okay ? Mike grab Phoebe and pull she to he . mike ( cont 'd ) listen to I , you be fine , it 's do , we make it out of there , okay ? there 's a strong wind , and Mike hold Phoebe close . the wind rattles a shopping cart in the parking lot , and it roll forward , gently bump Mike 's car - 44 43. it explode into a massive fireball , knock innc both phoebe and mike flat on there asse . I guess that thing the guy be do to the car be ...uh... a bomb . daze , they stare at the burn wreckage . phoebe ... let 's take my car . int . WASHINGTON DC nightclub —- concurrent 44 the music be too loud , the club be too dark and the light that be on be too damn bright , laser and strobe blotting out all the sense . petey Douglas , lasseter 's erstwhile assistant , be dance . Dancing crazy . night of he life . a really sexy girl approach . really sexy girl hey ! douglas hi ! really sexy girl my friend and I be talk about you dance ! douglas yeah man , I be a machine tonight ! really sexy girl do you want to come sit with we ? petey look . it 's a whole table of super hot women . douglas yeah man , maybe I can teach you some move . I ’ma hit the bathroom and I 'il be over in a jiffy . really sexy girl jiffy , huh ? douglas yeah man , I be the jiff-master tonight ! 45 46 47 int . WASHINGTON DC nightclub - the bathroom Douglas be pee at a urinal , when he phone ring . answer it without look . douglas this be the jiff-master , how can I help you . ext . liman sheriff station - continuous 44 , 45 he 46 lasseter stand over crane 's dead body , in front of the burn police station . lasseter be somewhere you can talk . now . douglas ( quietly ) shit . ext . WASHINGTON DC nightclub - alley - moment later Douglas come out into the alley behind the nightclub . douglas okay Diane , what 's - 47 we intercut lasseter I be in liman . douglas - say what now - lasseter yate be use the toughguy asset to eliminate the wiseman asset . I be try to save asset howl and derail the operation but now yate have get the town quarantine by the cpc and I be look at the town 's sheriff Station , which be on fire with the entire civilian police force dead inside it . Douglas take a beat , and actually pull he phone away from he face , stare at it in shock . 45 . douglas I do not understand , why would you - I should not be talk to you if you be there , that 's - lasseter I need a weapon . and I need to know where yate be pull the subject for toughguy . this behavior do not make sense . Douglas be quiet . lasseter ( cont ’d ) there be no reason for that police station to be on FIRE , okay ? do you see what I be say ? if they be train asset they should be do this quickly and quietly - douglas I have to hang up , I be sorry - lasseter do not hang up do not hang up do not hang up - Douglas groan , see the hot girl group depart from the front of the club . lasseter ( cont ’d ) he 's box I into this town and he 's go to trap I like a rat and kill I , Pete , do you understand that ? I will be murder and he will be protect by we own secrecy law for murdering I . firetruck siren begin rapidly approach the burn sheriff 's station , and lasseter quickly go around to the side of the station , hide from the arrive truck . douglas ( long beat ) you should not have go . lasseter no , wrong response . ( beat ) there be a machine at work here , Douglas . ( more ) 46 . lasseter ( cont 'd ) a big , bad machine , and it 's go off the rail , you be witness the wrong guy in charge , that 's what 's happen , madness of King George do you understand - douglas yes shakespeare sure - lasseter no , actually happen right now , tonight , now ! helicopter blow past overhead . the firefighter who have congregate around crane 's dead body , and look up , confuse . lasseter ( cont ’d ) this be fire and brimstone , this be sinister lunacy sanction by arbitrary nothing , I need you on my side , the side of good and order and not death and chaos , fuck the chain of command . on my side , right now , understand ? Douglas be silent . he look around the alley . there 's a couple hook up by a dumpster . he glance again , and realize they be full on fuck . whoa , gross . he sigh , muster he courage , look up at the sky ... lasseter ( cont ’d ) do you hang - douglas you have get I . lasseter what ? douglas .-.- I be with the side of good and order . lasseter breathes hard , processing this . lasseter okay . okay . 48 ext . rose 's house - night Mike and Phoebe pull up to Rose 's house , which be a two -story deal out in the wood , isolate , a little bit hood but a little swanky too , in its way . they park on a landbridge over a ruddy little ravine . look over to Mike , who look totally miserable . phoebe you seem like ... spooky quiet - mike I be spooky quiet . I be in the ... anaphalactic shock - phoebe - that 's not what it 's call - mike like , I be try to think of stuff , and I can not think of anything , Phoebe . like I never even - I can not remember where I go to school , or my parent ... phoebe what ? you can not remember you parent ? what be you talk about , you sound crazy , dude - mike I be like overwhelm ! pheebs ... do we even ever talk about my parent ? phoebe I mean ... no I guess but - mike shit , what if I be like ... ( beat ) a robot ? do you think that 's possible that I be a robot ? with the- gigabyte of memory recall , and the karate programming where I use house hold object to kill asshole - — oh shit I be freaking out again - phoebe okay stay calm . mike. listen . you be not a robot . mike be you sure ? 49 50 48. phoebe I be sure , you be not a robot . mike how can you know that ? phoebe ...- because that be obviously retarded . mike ..- right , yes , you be right . shit - a gas masked figure pop up next to the car with a shotgun pointed in . phoebe mike ahh ! fuck ! two more guy pop up on either side of the car with a cougar magnum and a uzi . rose ( under gas mask ) yo freeze mothafuckaaa - oh hi mike ! Rose lift he gas mask , smile . phoebe ( freak out ) jesus christ . ext . government field ops CENTER - night 49 the field op center be set up in a Wal - Mart parking lot , in a big tent . it 's clearly still in the process of be set up ; computer and government operator everywhere . several teenager be hang out , smoking cigarettes nearby . yate rapidly walk up . yate what the fuck be this ? int . government field ops CENTER - moment later 50 yate burst in , and immediately several officer stand and salute . among they be otis . otis Mr. yate sir - 49 . yate I say subtle , I say covert , not pitch a tent in a parking lot . otis Sir the tent be cover by fema protocol , the tent be covert as a disease control tent sir - yate it be a big white tent . it 's covert as a fuck elephant ! OoTis Sir civilian will not recognize the big white tent as a government operation , they 's 1ll - mistake it for - yate I get the concept , but there be - yate pop out of the tent into the parking lot and reference the teenager . yate ( cont 'd ) hipster hanging out ten feet from the op CENTER ! otis look out . OoTis they be punk sir . yate ... what ? OoTis they be not hipster , sir , they look to I like skate punk sir , possibly grunge - yate ohmigod . one of the kid take a camera phone picture of they . yate ( cont 'd ) get that phone . now . thank you . immediately several soldier take a run start at the teenager , who be like '' oh shit . '' 50 . yate ( cont 'd ) where be the asset ? slam to : 51 int . eighteen wheeler - second later 51 it 's dark , and then the door open , revealing fifteen man sit in darkness , completely motionless . yate peer in , otis behind he . yate just a truck ? we have get they all sit in a truck ? OoTis this be the best we could get for the available money sir . you say as barebone as possible , this - yate shit , shit . right . he see laugher , who 's cover in soot and slightly burn . yate ( cont 'd ) laugher . what happen to you , I hear you be kia ? laugher no sir . laugher let out a weird giggle which he try to stifle . OoTis we recover he from the police station thirty minute ago . yate climb up into the truck , sit across from laugher . yate you see he . howl . '' Mike . '' what be it like ? laugher just stare . yate ( cont 'd ) I mean , be he ... how be he , be he protocol all ... I mean be he kick ass out there ? laugher giggle , but then stifles it . 52 51 . laugher hit I with a phone . he take my tooth . laugher hold up two bloody crack tooth . laugher ( cont 'd ) but I get they back . yate stare at he . yate okay , good . okay that ’s... good . you still wanna take this guy down ? laugher painfully stifles a laugh . moment later 52 yate hop out of the truck . he stare down at he shoe for a moment . yate ( cont 'd ) do we have a location on howl ? OoTis Sir yes sir , he 's at he friend 's home . yate we roll in wave , yeah ? activate Newton , laugher and bourbon . be the press package ready ? OoTis yes sir . yate alright , activate it . and ... and I be clear use of bugspray . OoTis yes sir . yate take a moment , look in the sky . be the situation out of control ? no , no of course not . he have this . yate we be pull this together and end it in a hour . clean sweep . clean . sweep . 53 52 . int . rose 's house - live room 53 Rose 's house be fill with hip - hop and porn poster , but actually kind of nice , in a ghetto way . there be three big screen tvs play the news , CNN and local , a emergency broadcast with a fema scroll run along the bottom , and a third play music video . Rose lead Mike and Phoebe inside , he two lacky with the revolver and the uzi follow . rose this be Big harold and quinzin . niggas this be Mike and Phoebe . quinzin mike I and Mike know each other - I know quinzin - mike oh haha jinx - quinzin we do fantasy football together . rose what ? and you be not tell I ? Mike you do not even like football . phoebe he like to do fantasy . rose oh doe everyone know ? everybody got a fantasy football league team but rose be what you 're sayin , rose just sit alone I guess big harold I do not know about fantasy football - rose that do not make I feel better , nobody tell you shit ! big harold ...s ’hurtful . rose it 's all conspiracy tonight , baby ... 53 . phoebe what be you talk about ? why be you wear that gas mask , what 's go on ? Rose lift up the gas mask a little bit . rose do not you hear , man , the town be under government wildfire outer - space shit , straight andromeda strain disease bacteria shit - phoebe Rose , slow down - rose you have not see , fuckin’ look at the tv man ! Phoebe and Mike turn to the tvs . mike bruno Mars . how be he involved ? phoebe the other tvs Mike . mike oh , of course . on CNN , they be show shot of cdc and fema roadblock and safety helicopter fly over the town . CNN reporter - report continue to come in of a full - on level six quarantine around the town of liman , Oregon , where a break out of what be be describe as '' Super malaria '' begin earlier this evening . all road out of the town have be block , and media access to the town have be suspend . phoebe it 's not real . it can not be real - mike look . us. indeed ; mugshot of Mike and Phoebe be be display on the local channel . Phoebe just look at he : '' holy fuck . '' 54 . CNN reporter - believe the beginning of the outbreak can be trace back to this two individual . phoebe it 's some kind of - fake thing , fake freaky thing make up by the people who be after you , Mike - mike hey , that 's the lady . on tv , they be show a picture of lasseter . rose which lady ? why the fuck ya will on tv ? phoebe the woman from the grocery store ? who say that stuff to you ? Rose be start to get heighten , give Big harold and quinzin a look . reporter -describe by fema representative as a '' mad scientist , '' this woman , Diane lasseter be responsible for the outbreak . it be believe this act of terrorism be trigger by lasseter 's illicit love affair with several doom test monkey - mike yeah dude that 's definitely she . rose why do you know that monkeyfuckin motherfucker ? what ain't you tellin I nigga ? phoebe Rose just calm down - rose fuck a calm down ! Rose and he lacky raise they gun on Mike and Phoebe . phoebe whoa ! whoa ! 54 55 55 . rose I want answer , now ! Mike and Phoebe exchange a look . mike I be sorry Rose , but we do not have any . Rose do not expect this , and be now in the awkward position of hold gun on he friend . rose okay . okay . then for the moment , you two gotta go into quarantine . int . rose 's house - workout room 54 Mike and Phoebe be roughly push into Rose 's workout room , trip over the gym equipment . mike please Rose , let 's just talk about this - rose nuh uh mike . nerh urh . Rose slam the door , and the light turn off , activate blacklight , revealing dozen of elaborate drawing of naked lady on the wall . mike ...- it 's okay . we will - he turn to see Phoebe stand on a piece of workout machinery , punch loose one of the ceiling tile . phoebe no , Mike . it 's not okay . we be get the hell out of here . int . lasseter 's house - night 55 all the light be off , but we can faintly see the outline and shadow of a tasteful , if somewhat messy home . the door unlock , and Scott , lasseter 's son , try to sneak in , but the alarm immediately go off . sscottt shit shit shit - 56 57 56 . Scott hurriedly punch in a code , deactivate it , and then turn around , apologize already . scott ( cont 'd ) Mom I know I say I have make it home tonight , but thing get really complex , and I promise if you just give I a chance and listen you will ... Scott realize no one be challenging he . the house be silent . mister timothy , lasseter 's cat , step out of the darkness and meow hungrily . scott ( cont 'd ) . . Mom ? ext . liman , oregon - the wood - moment later 56 lasseter clumsily make she way through the dark wood , follow a gps device in she hand . it lead she to a blink package . she take out a knife and cut away the little parachute . lasseter ... Fucking mud . there be mud in my hair ... she open it . it 's a heckler and koch Mark 23 pistol . she take it out , load it , and we watch in a series of quick cut as she quickly attaches a weapon light , laser sight , silencer , gunner grip ... the gun end up look completely awesome . she go deeper , pull out a mossberg 500 shotgun . she attaches a strap , and throw it over she shoulder . she see a paper at the bottom of the package . lasseter lift it , and read it . lasseter ( cont ’d ) «.. oh my god . int . the pentagon - cubicle 57 Douglas sit alone at he desk in the cubicle . he 's still clearly a little drunk ; the office be empty , and a janitor be vacuume loudly behind he . 57 . janitor work late , petey ? douglas I guess that 's right . janitor you boy work hard to keep we country safe . douglas yeah , I - his phone ring , and he pick it up . we intercut between yate , who 's in the Wal - Mart parking lot , and Douglas in he office . yate why be I hearing that there be a supply drop make over liman ? douglas I - uh - yate do you use my authorization code to send something to lasseter . say yes or say no . douglas ... yes . yate do you understand that you be assist the effort of a rogue CIA operative act against national security ? do you know what they call that , when someone be actively work against the interest of they own country ? Douglas be silent . yate ( cont 'd ) and what 's the punishment for treason ? we shoot you in the head , do not we petey . Douglas , alone in the office , be terrify . despite how silly yate be , there 's a odd , compellingly homicidal edge we have see glimpsis of before , and it 's on full display now . 58 . the janitor 's vacuum seem deafeningly loud . yate ( cont 'd ) now I know , I be sharply aware that you have a degree of loyalty to lasseter . but you be not to help she again . douglas I - yate no , you nothing . she 's try to put I over a barrel , here - douglas a barrel ? yate put you over a barrel , it 's a idiom , it mean you fuck someone over , someone bent over a barrel , they ass be in the air , they get fuck in the ass . that 's what she 's try to do be fuck my ass . douglas I - yes sir - yate well no , fuck she . you make a report to central for insubordination , you have they search she office , yeah , we find out she source , and we fuck her in the ass . she think she can put I over a barrel , no , fuck she , bigger barrel , I be take it up the line , I get barrel for fuckin day ! we be in a full - on hardcore barrel escalation situation , Douglas , do not you forget it ! yate hang up , and then do a little fist pump . back with douglas Douglas sit in mortify silence , and then he phone ring . he stare at it , not want to answer , but then pick it up . 58 59 . lasseter I have get a lead on howl from selburg 's tracking device , I be go to pursue it , but in the meantime we have to go public . call krueger , tell he - douglas Public - like how public ? lasseter like all the way . Douglas sit in silence . lasseter ( cont ’d ) Pete ? Peter be you there - douglas yate just officially put you on the watch list . it be my duty to inform you that should you go public with this operation - lasseter you duty , what the fuck be you say right now - douglas if you go public with this operation you be commit treason and will be treat as a traitor to the United States of America . ( beat ) I be sorry . I can not help you any more . lasseter petey wait peter - Douglas quickly hang up . then , after a short beat , unplug he phone , and cradle he head in he hand . with lasseter lasseter , stand along in the wood , stare numbly at hes8 phone . after a moment , she regains she composure , and begin walk with fast , hard purpose . 59 60 61 60 . int . rose 's house - gym 59 Phoebe be up in the ceiling , she leg dangle out , try to get further in , while Mike keep watch . mike we should not be doin’ this . we should just wait , Rose 'il come around , he 's a good guy , you will see - phoebe no , Mike , we be not wait around here on the judgment of you drug dealer . mike well what be you gonna do ? phoebe I be gonna crawl - unh - further in and see if I can get to the next room , and then - mike shh . phoebe what ? mike do you hear that ? int . rose 's house - live room 60 Rose , harold and quinzin turn , watch as some sort of curtain drop down over all the window to the outside . rose ... the fuck be this ? ext . rose 's house - continuous 61 the entire house have be tent , like for fumigation . bourbon , a asset with marine - style red mohawk , stand outside of Rose 's tent house . he 's activate some sort of fumigator , which be pour a green fog into the house bourbon puff , the magic dragon , live by the sea ... 62 63 64 61 . a second figure step into frame . int . rose 's house - live room - continuous 62 the fog be start to come in . rose what the fuck be go on ... Rose stand , and there 's a noise at the door - all three men OPEN FIRE on the door , blasting it to piece as the GREEN fog begins to roll in - in the gym Phoebe 's almost all the way up in the ceiling as the sounds3 of gunfire blare out from the live room . mike oh no . not again man , not again ! in the live room Rose , harold and quinzin be out of ammunition , frantically 4 reloading they gun . quinzin be we shoot at nothing - rose Nah , hell nah , there 's something , there 's - the light cut off for a moment . when they come back up , a new figure stand in the room . it 's a skinny , muscular man wear a sleeveless bullet proof vest . his skin be cover in do - it- yourself tattoo , the scribbling of a insane person , but he hair be short , military cropped . this be newton . he raise a saw off shotgun . rose ( cont 'd ) ... now who 's this freaky motherfu - newton blast rose . 65 62. Rose be knock violently backwards by the blast , Big harold raise the magnum , and Newton dodge three shot , sharply tilting and lean he body as he swiftly cross the room to Big harold , hopping over furniture and strike he once in the face , kill he , then tuck roll and somersault up to strike quinzin , who 's still try to reload once in the side of the head , kill he as well . Newton kill everyone in the room in roughly four second . he pull on a gas mask , and turn to the gym door as green fog rise all around he . int . rose 's house - gym - continuous 65 Phoebe pull herself all the way up into the ceiling as the door burst OPEN and Newton come into the blacklight . he raise quinzin 's magnum , and Mike dodge two blast as they both move towards each -other ; again bam bam bam krav maga exchange of hit before Newton kick mike to the ground ! Phoebe , in the ceiling above he , pull a amazing '' oh shit '' face . her flinching make enough noise for Newton to notice , and he look up and start shoot into the ceiling . phoebe fuck ! fuck ! mike phoebe no ! Mike attack Newton again , and again there 's a incredible rapidfire sequence of hit and counter , which end with Newton fling Mike into the mirrore wall , shatter it . Mike land next to the free-weight . Newton advance on Mike when suddenly Phoebe plunge out of the ceiling behind he in a cloud of dust and plaster . she turn and see the green fog pour into the room . newtown turn but - phoebe his mask , Mike get he mask ! mike hey ! newtown turn back to Mike - Mike smashes Newton in the sternum with the free weight , then immediately jerk it up into the bottom of he chin , crack he jaw ! Mike yank off he mask ! 66 63. Newton stagger backward , cough and spitting out blood and tooth , and Mike fling the freeweight into he face , smash - he fall backwards , cover in blood , and Mike quickly grab the pull- hook of the bench press machine , and slam it into newton 's throat ; the weight drop , rip out Newton 's throat and lynching he on the machine ! mike ( cont 'd ) ha ! fuck ! you ! in yell this , Mike inhale the green gas , and stagger , gag . Phoebe catch he , have put on the gas mask . ext . rose 's house - moment later 66 bourbon be stand out front , wait . Phoebe burst out of the front of the tent , hold Mike , who 's vomit , tear run out of he eye . bourbon laugh , draw a knife . bourbon oh dear I . look at you , octopus - — Phoebe fire the shotgun from in between Mike 's leg , blow bourbon away . Phoebe lean Mike against the house , and pat down bourbon ' 's corpse , grab something . Phoebe hurriedly pull the staggering Mike up the driveway towards where they car be park , next to the ravine , but Mike be staggering too badly , and collapse . Phoebe drop down next to he , throw aside the gas mask , and then inject Mike with the thing she grab from bourbon . phoebe stay awake baby please okay stay awake . that gas be riofloxin k I give you something that 'il help but you just have to stay awake , look at I , look at I baby - Mike be pallid and sweaty . mike I feel sleepy - 64 . phoebe no Mike if you sleep you die , if you sleep you die , that 's the way it work be it shut down you sense one by one , eye open - Mike be lose it . phoebe ( cont 'd ) Mike please stay awake , okay ? please ? listen if you die , what about rocket monkey , Mike ? what about chip the Brick ? if you die what happen to all you storey they disappear , right ? you do not want that , you never even get to write they down ! you want to stay awake because if you die , rocket monkey die - please Mike I love you oh please please stay awake , I love rocket monkey I do not want he to go away , please I love you I love you if you just stay awake for ten more second — Mike turn suddenly and vomit . he lay there heaving on the edge of the ravine . Phoebe try to comfort he , but he swat she away . mike why . the fuck . bo you know what that gas be ? Phoebe be silent . mike ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be go on , phoebe . Phoebe bite she lip , tear welling in she eye . phoebe Mike - mike what the fuck be go on ahhhhh phoebe Mike ... I be CIA , okay , I - mike ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 67 65 . phoebe I be you handler , I be assign to you five year ago , and I - mike fuck ! fuckkkkk ! what be you fucking saying right now ! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! Mike storm back to the car , get in . phoebe Mike wait , wait - — she get into the passenger side . in the car Mike 's sit there in silence . Phoebe look at he , and 67 then , hesitantly ... phoebe ( cont 'd ) Mike just listen to I , I think I can explain everything that 's happen right now - mike why should I believe anything you say , you be full of fuckin ' - garbage , you be a garbage liar piece of shit person - phoebe I know , I know - mike you do not know ! you do not care about I , you be a fuckin ' bitch , man , you be a asshole - phoebe ( hard ) just let I explain . mike no do not use you fuckin’ grow up voice with I fuck CIA douchebag liar , you do not get to like debrief I or whatever ! I be in love with you , you be my whole life ! you be the whole reason I do anything , just to spend more time with you , you be the only reason I even ever leave the house - 66 . phoebe ( weaker ) Mike , stop - mike so you be just sit there fuck laugh at I , take order , and I always wonder how the fuck could someone so wonderful and perfect come into my life , I think there 's no way I could ever deserve someone like you , and you know what , you have I go , you have I think that I could do shit , man , for you , and with you , but that 's all bullshit be not it ? phoebe Mike - mike I do not even know who the fuck you be , I probably do not know you fuck real name ! ugh I want to fuck vomit just think about you , and shit ! shit ! you fuck I so many time , be that you job too , you be just a fuck like government nanny prostitute ... Mike trail off , see that Phoebe be overcome with emotion , silently weep , stare at he . Mike stare back , unsure of what to do , then shake he head violently and repeatedly punch the steering wheel . mike ( cont 'd ) no ! no no no ! you do not get to just fuck fake cry , okay - I know how this work , I know they fuck train you to do this shit and play with my emotion , so stop . just stop . stop. Phoebe continue cry in silence stare at he . mike ( cont 'd ) stop . phoebe selburg . 68 67 . mike ... what ? phoebe my last name be selburg , Phoebe be my real name , but my last name be selburg , Phoebe selburg - mike get out . phoebe mike Mike , no - get out of my car ! phoebe it 's my car - mike get out of the car ! Phoebe be completely break down now in tear . phoebe no no you have to listen to I it 's not like you think it be - mike phoebe get out ! no I do not care ! ( sobbing ) stop talking and get out of please Mike just please - no the car ! i'm do with you you have to listen - listen just fuck off ! please - Phoebe go silent . they sit there stare at each other . crash . car impact they from behind and send phoebe 's car careening off the road . slam to black . second later . the car be upside - down on the edge of the ravine , off the 68 road , next to a rusty tin-waterpass pipe . Mike snap awake , daze ; he turn to see that Phoebe be be drag out the passenger side window , kick and scream . she 's go . suddenly , a assault rifle poke through the window , accompany by a crazy laugh - Mike dive out of the car 69 68. as bullet spark all around he , Mike plummet down into to mucky ravine water . he scramble up to see laugher stand atop the upside - down car , raise a m - 16 . he open fire , force Mike to scramble headfirst into the cramped pipe , which slant diagonally down . it 's extremely claustrophobic , but Mike see light at the end of the tunnel , and crawl towards it ... and get stick midway , he arm stick out of the tunnel on the other side . mike shit ! fuck ! what be this winnie the pooh shit ! laugher walk up , and squat down , look into the pipe , at Mike 's leg . Mike , hearing he approach , go quiet , squeezing he eye shut and put a finger to he own lip . laugher 's face be oddly serious as he stare down at Mike . laugher I do not really understand who you be . ( beat ) they show I ... they show I how to do so many thing . I be so lose . I think the government be my friend ? I do not know . they tell I they be doctor ? show I how to do karate . I do so much training , they show I how to use all different gun ... I see a swan earlier ... I do not know . I think we have to take the Easter egg to ... someone , but - — mike dude what the fuck be you talk about . laugher go quiet , look at Mike 's leg . laugher I be go to do something very bad . laugher trudge off . Mike immediately begin struggle but it 's funny and pathetic instead of be helpful . from above he , he can hear laugher move around , and then , softly : phoebe ( 0.s. ) Mike , I be sorry . I be sorry . 69 . mike «+- you're a dick . phoebe ( 0.s. ) I do not want this to happen , I - there 's the abrupt sound of a brutal impact ; Phoebe go silent . mike Phoebe ? there 's a distant laugh . mike ( cont 'd ) be you there , what 's - what smell like gas ? laugher Gas . laugher be stand up on the road , pour out a can of gasoline into the ravine , which pour down into the pipe onto Mike 's leg . mike no way man what the shit - laugher throw back he head and let 's out that trill , lunatic 's laugh . laugher I be gonna burn you in a shithole ! mike no ! do not ! laugher I am ! I will ! mike no stop don 's T laugher no I will I will laugher light a flare . mike ahhh I fuckin hate you man ! laugher toss the flare down into the ravine , which ignite the gasoline , the fire rapidly spread down into the pipe , pour straight towards Mike 's helpless leg and groin ! 70 71 70 . lasseter suddenly appear , reach up - - and pull out Mike - - who come crash down on top of she , send they both splash into the gross pond ! Mike struggle up , shove she away , and she quickly make the shh motion and pull he to cover as burn gas pour out of the pipe . Mike stare at lasseter , who keep she finger up . above they , we can here laugher 's car screech away . Mike run up to the road ; laugher 's already far go . Phoebe 's nowhere to be see . mike ( cont 'd ) shit . in the car Phoebe sit in the back seat , she face cover in blood , 70 hold she break nose . llaugher , in the front seat , chuckle and start whistling . with mike lasseter come up on the road behind he , approach he 71 slowly as he look after the disappear tail light . lasseter '' do you know who I be ? do you recognize I ? Mike turn , look at she . mike you - you - ( remember , long beat ) you be that woman who fuck that monkey ! lasseter I - you - ... what . mike on tv , they say you give the town malaria because you want to fuck the disease test monkey ! lasseter ..- yate you little - 72 71 . int . government field ops CENTER - shortly thereafter 72 laugher push Phoebe through the door into who 's at a computer , hurriedly stand up and give he the finger . yate laugh , quickly toss she a roll of paper towel , which she yate ha ! hello Phoebe selburg . phoebe hello dickless . yate wha - wow , that 's not polite - phoebe you asset be unreliable . where do you find this guy ? yate do not respond . yate laugher , where 's howl ? laugher Dead . phoebe the tent . otis , salute ; Phoebe approach , swat away . yeah , where 's you confirm on that ? with the two dead asset we leave at the house ? I do not see a body . the clown here pour a bunch of gasoline down a hole and light it on fire . do he look in the hole , no . but you know that , do not you . ( beat ) do not you ? yate stand there chew gum . phoebe ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) be you not even in audio contact with you asset during op ? yate we can not risk be overhear - phoebe via what , why not use secure channel - 73 72 . yate because we do not have - we do not have full satellite support - phoebe what ? who authorize this ? where 's krueger , why the fuck be Diane lasseter on television - some of the tech work at computer be look up . some of the soldier too . yate stand there chew gum for a moment , regard Phoebe . yate you be gonna ask I about my authorization ? Phoebe fuck selburg , she who have rather suck some stoner 's cock than turn herself back in for debrief be go to question my authority ? ( approach she ) oh you think I do not know ? this be not the fuck notebook , I have read you file , you have no secret I . oh I be sorry the lab-rat retard make you cum a bunch of time in the back of a Taco Bell , that 's worth throw away the most promise CIA undercover in my class ? look at where I be now , I be in charge of a major operation , look where you be , under departmental arrest for insubordination await trial as of right now where you 's 1ll be find guilty and shot by a fire squad , and you nose be break , and I be gonna fuck get the comp on the kill , you boyfriend have be burn alive , and if he have not , guess what , I be next leveling . you want to see my authorization ? here , measure my dick . yate reach into he pants ... and pull out he phone . int . the pentagon - douglas 's desk — continuous 73 Douglas have he head down on he desk . the phone ring , and he scramble up , answer it . 74 75 73. yate I need a mq- 9 in the sky in one hour . can you get I that ? the answer be yes , thank you . call I when it 's enter my airspace . yate hang up . Douglas stare at the phone . int . government field ops CENTER - continuous 74 ( same ) yate boom , drone on its way . I will clear this town the fuck out , we be already six civvy down you think if I give a fuck we lose ten more ? this have go past a training exercise , you have get you out there now , a rogue agent , you have get you boy - toy kill government asset , and you have get lasseter , ha , fuck lasseter 's menopause ride ass betray this country at the highest level . this be it . the kid glove be off . Phoebe , look at yate , realize he 's insane . she look to otis , like '' can you believe this ? '' otis look at she hard , emotionless , and Phoebe realize just how fuck she be . mike ( v.o. ) so what the dick be go on . ext . gas station parking lot 75 lasseter and Mike be sit in the parking lot of a gas station , around by the dumpster . Mike be drying off he hair with a old McDonalds wrapper , as lasseter pace nervously . lasseter you name ... be not Mike howell . mike oooohhhh shiiiiiiiit . fuckin ...twist . twist . in real life . lasseter falter . he look at lasseter , deadly serious . 74 . mike ( cont 'd ) do you - do I like ghost protocol ? lasseter ghost - what ? mike you do I a ghost protocol and now I be alone on the mission - lasseter no , what 's - there be no mission , just stop talk and listen - mike lasseter am I a robot , be that what wh- no , Mike , stop . this be about - mike okay , sorry , okay , I be go through a lot right now - lasseter do you remember when you be arrest ? mike when - which time - lasseter when you be eighteen . the acid . mike oh , yeah . lasseter that be you third strike . now I know you do not remember this , but that be when we first meet . I be recruiting people for a Program call wiseman - mike a computer program ? lasseter no , how could you possibly - no . it be a program design to take third strike misdemeanor offender and - listen , Mike , have you familiar with MK ultra ? mike the videogame ? 75 . lasseter no not the - there 's a ? - no . ( beat ) MK ultra be a classified government research operation throughout the 1950s , the objective be the perfection of behavioral engineering . mike Behavioral enginee - lasseter train brain function , physical strength and stamina , strategic think , language , sharpen reflex , response time and memory to a degree that would seem , to a normal person ... super human . mike how ? lasseter a variety ... a variety of way . chemical ... drug , along with hypnosis , sensory deprivation , isolation , and various ... various procedure that could be describe as ... torture - — mike you do this to I ? this be I , one of the super-soldiers ? lasseter you be in the program for four year . the directive of my program , Project wiseman , be to take third strike offender who volunteer and - gas station attendant hey ! lasseter and Mike look up . lasseter what ? gas station attendant you're the lady from tv ! 76 77 76 . lasseter what ? no ? gas station attendant .-- you fuck monkey ! lasseter reach down into she coat and draw she pistol , fire it at he foot ; the bullet plink off the asphalt , and he run back inside . gas station attendant ( cont ’d ) shit ! you're crazy ! the gas station attendant run inside . lasseter turn back to Mike . lasseter you be by far the stand out of the program ; most of the asset be failure , but you , you test result be off the chart . but one success simply be not enough . the program be cancel , and all the agent be wipe . mike ...- you erase my memory . fucked with my head and leave I here as mayor of idiotville , with a fake ass girlfriend to watch over I . lasseter why do you think you never go to court ? why do you think you have never even think of contact you parent , why do you think you be afraid to leave the town ? you have be live half a life . Mike look straight ahead , miserable . int . gas station - continuous 76 the gas station attendant be on the phone . gas station attendant no , I guarantee you , it 's the lady from tv ! ext . gas station parking lot - continuous 77 lasseter lean in , concerned . 77 . lasseter ( try to comfort he ) this be not you , you know ? this be not always you . the anxiety , the phobias , we do that to you , to protect you . you understand ? to protect not just we investment , but you life . there 's a long beat . mike turned I into boner T. moron , cuz you be do with I . boner T. moron , the Mayor of idiotville . lasseter no , you be ... you be always sort of like this , but - mike why be they try to kill I now ? lasseter ... after my program be deem a failure , it be hand to a man name adrian yate to be dismantle ; it be mean to be a temporary assignment , he be only suppose to help shut the program down , but yate develop a new system , around my guideline - mike what ? lasseter there be very little oversight at this level of top secret , especially on a cancel program . yate restructure , he cut corner ; he want to make a big impression - ( off Mike 's blank look ) he 's use my old wipe agent as training target for he new one - mike what !? they be just murdering people who have no idea what 's go on ? lasseter .-.- that 's right . yate be - 78 79 78. mike but that guy , they shot police , they murder Rose - lasseter that 's because they be unpredictable . the new asset be not first strike offender . and they be not military volunteer . ( beat ) to get around regulation , yate be pull from a different criminal pool . ... o0 ffender deem unfit to stand trial . mike so you be say ... mental patient ? lasseter yes ... schizophrenics , severe bipolar , clinical psychotics - mike crazy people ? this dude be give high tech ninja matrix training to fucking crazy people ? lasseter reluctantly nod . mike ( cont 'd ) what the fu - ext . krueger 's home - dawn 78 the sun be just start to come up over the home of Raymond krueger . we can faintly hear music . int . krueger 's home - kitchen 79 '' teach I how to dougie '' be play very loud on a ipod speaker . buggy krueger and adriana krueger , respectively 9 and 15 , black , be dance in the kitchen while eat breakfast . Raymond krueger , 62 , white , paunchy and broad , the quintessential CIA higher - up , be dance with they , be teach how to do the dougie . he 's actually a pretty good dancer . 79 . buggy you gotta put more lean into it dad - krueger ( more lean ) like this ? buggy yeah that 's right . krueger I put some hip into it like this - — adriana oh no , you get sex appeal now - krueger adriana see , I get the hand too - ah yeah , boom boom - hand - elbow - boom boom - buggy dad you be a good dancer ! krueger well I - there 's a odd , loud tone from the landline . krueger 's expression change , the smile drop from he face as he stare at it . in fact , the smile do not just disappear , it 's replace . replaced by a otherworldly chill , a look so intense and frightening it could only come from a cold , harden killer . krueger ( cont 'd ) wake up you mother . tell she she 's go to have to drive you to school today . the two child go quiet . they know he mean business . he walk into the study and close , then lock the door , before finally pick up the beep landline . krueger ( cont 'd ) kilo baritone polo . this be krueger . hardcut to : 80 81 80 . Douglas sit in he cubicle , clearly shitting he pants . 80 after a long beat : douglas Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii . int . government field ops CENTER 81 yate be sit and look at a picture of Mike on a laptop , drum he finger . he notice Phoebe , who 's seat over to the right of he , be watch by laugher . yate stare at she and she stare back . phoebe what be the number , now ? yate be quiet . phoebe ( cont 'd ) what be the number on this op ? do you even know ? one of the tech , at a computer , speak up . tech Sir , we have get a sighting . both subject , head east on perryman way . phoebe look like he 's still alive after all . yate flinch , and then throw a pen at laugher ; it plink off he face . yate ( after a beat ) they be go back to the house . phoebe he would not go back to the house . he 's stupid , not retarded . yate ( ignore she ) otis , we still have beedle on the house right ? OoTis that 's right . 81. yate you go . you go yourself and oversee the capture or termination of lasseter and asset howl . otis yate now thank you , now . OoTis Sir yes sir . otis head out . yate , straighten he hair , and then light a cigarette . he look up to see Phoebe stare at he . yate the fuck be you look at ? Phoebe do not react . yate look around , and see all the tech be look at he too . there 's a beep , and a tech speak up . tech mq-9 just enter liman 's airspace . yate can we call it from here ? tech no sir , only central can call it . yate but I have get the authorization , right ? tech yes sir . yate right . tell they to ready a strike on asset Hotel Hotel . phoebe you're ... you be go to blow up my house . yate smirk , tapping he forehead . 82. 82 ext . phoebe 's house - dawn 82 Mike approach , lasseter follow he , angry . the sun be just start to rise . lasseter I be begging you , begging you not to go in there , he could have sniper take aim at we right now - mike then let they shoot we , who care - lasseter I care , I do not want to die , and I do not want you to die either - mike I be go home , I be go to sleep - lasseter what be you talking about ? Mike you can not do that , we have to keep you alive until someone at the Pentagon can see what 's happen , can rectify - mike wait ? that 's you plan ? you be as stupid as the other guy ! do you call anyone ? be anyone even listen to you ? have you ever be on like , mission and shit , be you a secret agent or just like , a desk person ? do the people at the Pentagon even know you be here ? do anyone even care ? lasseter be silent . mike ( cont 'd ) you be both fuckin crazy , crazy people . I have accept that I be go to die , okay ? I be not even the person I think I be , and my whole life be total bullshit , so who care , right ? who care ? if I die , I be gonna die stone , in my bed , you can go or you can stay . Mike unlock he front door , and lasseter step back , raise she shotgun . 83 84 83. but he enter without incident . lasseter look around , helpless , and then follow he inside . ext . the sky - continuous 83 the mq-9 strike drine bank and turn around in the sky . at the pentagon yate sit with a laptop , communicate with airforce commatd via video chat . airforce command repeat , confirm target coordinate 58 - 91 - 10 local . douglas confirm . airforce command targeting in progress , await confirmation to strike . Douglas 's cell phone ring , and he lift it , answer it without look . scottt hey Pete , it 's Scott . Douglas 's face freeze , realize he make a mistake answer . intercut with Scott at home . scott ( cont 'd ) do you know where my mom be ? she do not come home last night - Douglas hurriedly hang up , and then chuck the phone across the office ; a young CIA woman be come in , and it smack she in the face ; she spill she coffee and fall on the ground . Douglas instinctively duck behind he desk . airforce command Douglas ? agent Douglas ? Douglas peek up over the desk . douglas still here . 85 84 . int . phoebe 's house - bedroom 85 Mike pick up the horrible stuff bear , and go into the bedroom . he sit down on the bed , hugging it . he stare at he foot . after a moment he begin cry . in the live room lasseter be stand awkwardly with she shotgun , look around , nervous . she notice all the picture of rocket monkey and chip the Brick on the ground . lasseter who 's rocket monkey ? Mike , still cry in the other room , shout back a response . mike he 's a monkey astronaut , I make he up . he go on adventure . lasseter look down , ashamed , sad . lasseter you know , selburg be suppose to come back in . Mike blink , annoyed . lasseter ( cont ’d ) when you be in the program , she be you number one . as all the other asset in the program fail out , you just keep suceed ... she have so much faith in you . she believe in you , and you show she kindness , warmth , even then . Phoebe do not have a lot of that , grow up ... we become subtly aware that there be another person in the room with she ; a very musclebound military asset , who have camouflage himself into the mess . this be beedle . as lasseter speak , beedle slowly extract himself from the camouflage . lasseter ( cont ’d ) she be just suppose to help you get set up in the town , and then she be go to leave you . over time , she faith in you , the nature of it have ... change . ( more ) 86 87 88 85 . lasseter ( cont ’d ) we be go to fake she death and give she a promotion , but she ... I have actually never see this in undercover work , she decide to stay with you . she give up everything , she whole ' real life . 's Mike sit up , listen , wiping he tear . lasseter ( cont ’d ) I think you should know that . I do not suppose it mean much now but - beedle silently strike lasseter from behind - in the bedroom Mike perk up , even though there 's barely a sound . 86 mike miss lasseter ? in the live room beedle slam lasseter against the wall , and begin beat 87 the holy hell out of she - it 's terrifying . we be witness a super agent toy with a forty five year old woman like a cat torture a lizard , it 's horrible to watch , wham wham wham wham ! Mike be suddenly in the room next to beedle , hurl a lamp at he ! beedle dodge , and Mike fling the playstation at he , then beer bottle after beer bottle , rotten microwave meal ; the mess state of the kitchen give Mike a lot of stuff to throw . beedle suddenly advance , and land some huge , bone -jarring hit on Mike , but Mike grab the ratty rug under , he , and pull it out - mike ( cont 'd ) ha fuck you beedle stagger , and Mike grab he arm - ext . phoebe 's house - continuous 88 otis drive up in a jeep , just as beedle come crashing out the front window . Mike appear in the window , wield the shotgun , and fire at otis three time . 89 90 91 92 86 . otis drop out of the jeep , take cover and unsling a ar - 10 assault rifle . he return fire , and Mike drop , ducking out of sight , as beedle start to stand . otis raise he walkie-talkie . otis asset howl confirmed on sight , I am engaged now . int . government field ops CENTER - continuous 89 yate nod . yate copy that . ( set down he walkie- talkie ) drone strike be a go , call it . tech but what about - yate strike be a go , call it now . tech we be go for strike . at the pentagon Douglas , slump behind he desk , moan nervously . 90 douglas go for strike . airforce command move into attack position . in the sky the drine bank , and swoops low , zoom in over the suburk# in neighborhood in phoebe 's house Mike flip lasseter she over , drag she to the bedroom 92 door , grab she pistol out of she holster , hop over she and toss she the shotgun as the front door fly off the hinge . lasseter hide into bedroom , as Mike dive for cover in the kitchen . 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 87 . otis begin shredd the kitchen with gunfire , as Mike hug the ground , destroy garbage fall all around he . in the bedroom beedle come crash through the bedroom window , and 93 lasseter roll under she the bed . beedle hop over the bed , and go to the doorframe , not see she , but Mike , pin down by otis , take a shot at he . in the kitchen otis , see that he have Mike pin on both side , smile 94 slightly and continue swiss - cheese the kitchen . pot and pan fall all around he . at the 95 government command CENTER yate Fire . in the pentagon Douglas sit with he head in he hand . 96 yate ( cont 'd ) I say FIRE . in the bedroom lasseter come up on the other side of the bed , unseen by 97 otis , shove the shotgun up horrible bear 's ass , swing it up one hand into beedle 's face just as he turn - in the kitchen there 's a soft '' whud '' from the bedroom . 98 OoTis ( confuse ) beedle ? Mike pop up and turn on the break microwave - which explode into flame , starling otis , who start fire blindly - Mike close he eye , take a deep breath , and then grab a saucepan and throw it straight up into the air - we go into slow 99 motion as 100 101 102 88 . it arc up , flipping and turn ; otis look at it confuse , and then , we launch back into100 normal speed as Mike fire a single shot up into the airborne pan , and it ricochet off , striking otis in the chest . what . that be so awesome . the pot clatter to the ground , and otis fall . Mike sit there motionless , then peek out , see otis lay on the floor .. mike whoa-ho-ho . hooooo0 . hoooococof . int . government field ops CENTER - continuous 101 yate , have hear the gunshot , lift he communicator . yate ( on phone ) Drop it now , the fuck be you wait for you idiot !? drop it now . in the pentagon Douglas slump stare into the distance . airforce command please confirm deployment . Douglas slam close he laptop , and then hang up the phone . douglas ( quietly to himself ) no. fuck you . ext . portland INTERNATIONAL airport - tarmac - sunrise 102 krueger be stand alone in cold light of the Oregon sunrise . he check he watch . krueger okay . he click he watch , start a timer . 103 89 . int . phoebe 's house - kitchen 103 Mike be stand in he kitchen , smoking a bowl . he survey the destruction of the live room , and sigh . mike whoa , this room 's fuuuuucked up . lasseter limp out of the bedroom . mike ( cont 'd ) do you kill the big jack guy ? lasseter give a pain nod , and then slump against the wall , fall to the floor . she see otis , who 's die . lasseter otis . how would you get tie up into this ? otis ( weak , die ) they tell I the call come in . they tell I it be the new wiseman . lasseter but you must have know . all this insanity , you must have know - otis it 's not my job to '' know , '' you know that . who be I gonna call , miss lasseter ? ... top secret ... who be I gonna...call ... otis die . the kitchen landline start ringing . lasseter , pain , roll over . lasseter do not answer that . mike what if it 's the mean government people ? lasseter it definitely be . mike ( long beat ) what about Phoebe ? 90 . lasseter selburg will be fine , but you can not - Mike awkwardly put a finger to she lip , silencing she . mike you have be a good mom to I . I do not really remember my mom and I assume that 's kind of you fault but I want you to know if I hada mom that I remember I have hope she fight jack dude and be a top secret bad - ass just like you , except do not fuck I over and replace my memory and make my life all fake too . I be proud of you , fake - mom . you be a real stupid idiot . lasseter Mike wait - Mike answer the phone . yate ( on phone ) ... hello ? mike hello ? yate ( on phone ) who 's this ? mike you first ? we CUT back and forth between yate at the command center and Mike . yate ( on phone ) .-.- aw shit . aw ... fuuuck . it 's you , be not it , it 's Mike howell - mike yes . be this ... the bad guy ?... speak ? lasseter facepalm . yate be the house not all ... on fire ? Big crater ? gl . mike uhhh ... no man , the house be basically normal . yate occ e rec ee ee nancae okay .... mike so ... what be you do ? yate what ? mike what 's the plan now ? yate I be sorry what ? mike like do you wanna ... be friend , or - yate no I don't wanna fucking be friend . do you understand - can you comprehend the scale of fuck - up you be cause !? this be all you fault , you be the goddamn fart in the machine - mike do not call I a fart you 's re a fart - yate I am not mike yes you be you be a dickfart - yate no you mike no you yate okay what fuck , stop , shit , jesus . look , okay , let 's be friend . you want to be friend , we can be friend . okay . this be retarded , oh my god . okay . ( beat ) you wanna come visit we , we be at the Wal -mart . 92 . mike on Wilson ? yate yes . mike why , I mean , what would we do ? yate eye Phoebe . yate you wanna talk to Phoebe ? mike no , fuck she . yate draw he pistol , and point it at Phoebe 's head . yate fuck she ? so if I shot she in the head right now , you be chill , you be chill with that , it 's all chill , ooh shaggy - doo , it 's all cool dude ? mike ( long , conflict beat ) no , that would not be cool . yate laugh , and toss Phoebe the phone . she catch it , and stare at it . yate go on . say something . Phoebe steel herself . 104 105 93. phoebe Mike , Mike just listen okay . I be sorry I lie to you , I be so sorry but listen , do not let they win , do not let they kill you , and I know you will not but they be go to kill I if you do not come get I , and if you hate I then I will understand , and if you come get I you be walk into a trap , and I know you be scared but Mike , if you think you can do this , you can , okay , you be better than this guy , and I believe in you Mike , I always do , I believe in you and i_ love you and you can come or not come either way just please forgive I I love you I love you I - yate take the phone , and hang up . Phoebe sit sobbing , and breathe hard . he stand watch she . yate be he come or not ? slam to : Mike stand in he bullet riddled kitchen , tear streamind04 down he face . he set down the phone , stare at it . he mutter something , inaudible , then straighten himself , pull he shit together . lasseter Mike ? what be you do ? mike do not fuck ... ( beat ) do not fuck with my girlfriend . int . the pentagon - office 105 Douglas be sit in a meeting room , lay on the desk . he 's take off he shoe , and lay stare at the ceiling , repeatedly toss and catch a koosh ball . the koosh ball be snatched out of the AIR . the room be filled with government agent , hold gun on he . douglas okay . great . this be just perfect . what a shitty night . 94 . 106 ext . wal-mart 106 yate stand look out at the dawn light , smoking a cigarette . yate this suck . this truly suck . but you be okay , you be gonna get it do . there 's winner and there 's loser . you be a winner . you be gonna get it do . that 's what winner do , we get it do , we - tech begin walk past he , haul equipment . they be dismantle the base . yate ( cont 'd ) what be this ? where be you go ? tech they pull the operation , they be say anyone who do not report back to debrief be act against interest of potus . yate potus ? how the fuck be the President involved , he 's not - tech he be now , sir . yate stand there , flummox , and then turn and hurry to the big eighteen wheeler , open the door . yate all asset out , now , you be all code three , on I . the remain thirteen man begin unload from the truck , swarm around yate ; they all look like what they be , highly train psychotic supersoldier . yate turn , and see otis 's jeep come up the street , very quickly . yate ( cont 'd ) otis 's jeep ? what the fuck be - illegal firework begin launching from the edge of the parking lot , at ground level . lasseter be firing they from cover . 107 95 . yate ( cont 'd ) fuck ! what ? no shit fuck ! yate turn , and start back towards the tent , which be struck by a firework and explode , flooring yate as the jeep , drive by Mike , come skid into the lot . Fire work start streaking in all over the place , explode at ground level ; the chaos of light and sound this cause be incredible . the tent collapse , tech run everywhere in panic . yate ( cont 'd ) laugher ! bring selburg ! with I , now ! yate shoot out the front door of the Wal - Mart . laugher , drag Phoebe , approach , with the rest of the asset follow . the jeep be drive straight toward they , firework firing off from inside it ! yate ( cont 'd ) shit , shit , fall back , fall back ! form a defensive line , we ’1ll take he out inside ! int . wal -mart - continuous 107 the Wal - Mart be dark as yate and the asset enter . yate , with laugher drag Phoebe in tow , hurry towards the back as the rest of the asset follow loosely and then - the jeep come crash through the front door of the Wal - Mart , firework exploding indoors . the asset be daze . Mike hop out , and we enter a the most epic tracking shot you ever did see : Mike encounter a asset immediately at check - out ; he hop the counter , throw a magazine in the guy 's face , and then smashes he with the digital cash register - Mike move into the first aisle , cosmetics , a asset rush up to he - Mike fight he for a moment before knock he away , grab hairspray off the shelf , raise a lighter - boom the guy on FIRE - Mike grab eyeliner pencil and slam it into the asset eye - he duck around the corner - 96 . a asset attack - Mike fight he before grab dish soap off the shelf and spraying he in the face , then nabbing a dustpan-dustbrush combo - another asset rush he and after a few block Mike slam the dustpan into he neck , slice it , then turn and drive the dustbrush into the side of the blind agent 's face - he grab some lemon pledge off the shelf , and a mop and move to the next aisle , nearly catch up to yate - yate holy fucking shit ! holy shit ! yate shove three asset at he , and Mike face they all with the lemon pledge , and then begin beat they with the mop before realize he 's in kitchenware , and grab a set of kitchen knife , dump it out onto the floor - everyone scramble to pick up the knife and Mike quickly grab knive , pinning two of the asset hand to the floor , then stand -— and be slashed three time by the remain asset . Mike stagger back , then pop up and slam a meat cleaver into the asset 's head , before curbstomping one of the down asset and punting the other - mike rahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! Mike charge into the next aisle , grab a teapot as he go , and yate take a shot at he ; he duck to cover and be attacked by a asset , punch and kick before mike jam the teapot straight into the guy 's face , killing he . wow , this be a lot of action to write out , let 's hope you be have more fun read it than if I just write '' Mike go ape on this motherfucker . '' phoebe you can not stop he yate , just let I go ! he do not care about you , he just - yate punch phoebe in the face . yate come on , we be go out the back ! you two , stop he please . laugher drag she along . back with Mike , he 's confront by three asset - — 108 97 . he 's in the garden aisle . everyone realize where they be , and immediately go to grab weapon - mike charge they with a pitchfork . one go down , but the other two pincher Mike , repeatedly kick and punch he - he grab a can of raid of the shelf and get they both in the face , then pick up a garden sheer and stab a dude in the heart . the other asset , he spray with more raid and then bashes he with the can before jump over he into the hardware aisle , where he 's confront by the remain four asset - mike draw out one of the illegal firework and light it - kaboom ! when the smoke clear , noise be go , replace by a pierce ringing , and everything be colorfully on fire . Mike stand up , grab a rubber mallet off a burn shelf , and walk through the asset , smashing there head like whackamole as they start to recover . yate , see Mike approach look like the mother - fucker terminator , grab Phoebe by the hair and yank she to she foot . mike ( to laugher ) for fucksake , kill he . laugher yeah okay . laugher start towards Mike , as yate retreat back into a employee only hallway . ...- but Mike be suddenly go . laugher look around , confuse . laugher ( cont 'd ) -..- do not hide . come out . do not hide . I want to talk to you . int . wal - mart - employees only hallway - continuous 108 yate hurl Phoebe into the hallway , she hit the wall hard , she head bang off , leave a smear of blood . yate slam the door behind he , lock it . phoebe oww - ow --— yate try to grab she and she swat he hand away . 98 . phoebe ( cont 'd ) I fucking hate you ! yate what ? phoebe you be the worst fuck - christ do you see how stupid you be ? you can not even see it you be still sure that you be go to come out on top , well you 're not , adrian . you 're go to fucking die . be that real to you yet , do you see the FIRE , do you smell the fucking smoke , you're go to die - yate grab Phoebe 's head , and smashes it against the wall , splat , and she drop to she knee . yate look at you . pathetic , and you '' hate I ? '' what be you , fuck fourteen year old - yate try to grab she head again and Phoebe block and go for the throat . yate jump backwards , startle . Phoebe look at he through bang of bloody hair . yate ( cont 'd ) fuck . what 's that about , fuck you - yate try to smash she head again , and again phoebe block and goe for the throat - shit man , fuck ! yate leap back . yate ( cont 'd ) man , fuck this . and fuck you , selburg . they 's 1ll be fuck laugh at you dead pothead ass tomorrow morning in the debrief . tarzan , you can fuck burn with you ape . yate spit on she , and start to walk away . Phoebe , on she knee , concuss and bloody , let 's out a weird low laugh . phoebe ( sing song ) you be gonna diiiiieeeeee ( laugh ) adriiiiannnn , you be gonna diiieee - 99 . 109 int . wal - mart - continuous 109 laugher be look around the burn Wal - Mart . laugher be you crazy too ? be you a person who be exceptional like I or be you a different type of exceptional , do you ... can you move I ? will you move I ? I feel like I need to be move , you know , please move I - mike attack - laugher block -— listen , I have write a lot of action here . you know it , I know it , and I want this script to be under 110 page because , c’mon , it 's stoner bourne , not kafka . this be not kafka , okay ? they have guy ... there be like , fight coordinator , guy who can make this look awesome . this be not a comic book . we all know ultimately it 's go to come down to what we can shoot on the day anyway , right ? so just take my word for it that the fight between Mike and laugher make any of the action in the new James bond film look like fuck 1960s batman . it 's violent , it 's incredible , they beat the live shit out of each other , and it end with they repeatedly stabbing each other with screwdrivers before Mike bury a claw hammer into laugher' forehead , and then collapse , seemingly dead . 110 ext . back of wal - mart - continuous 110 yate be run , frantic . he get about twenty foot , repeatedly look behind he , spin and run straight into krueger . krueger hello adrian . 111 int . wal -mart - continuous 111 Phoebe slowly move through the back of the burn Wal - Mart , discover Mike lay face down on the ground . phoebe Mike . Mike . hey . 112 100 . mike hey Phoebe . phoebe do you want to ... leave Wal -mart ? mike ... yeah ... I guess , yeah . ext . wal - mart - moment later 112 Phoebe , support Mike , exit Wal - Mart , and be immediately hit by multiple spotlight . she squint against the light , and turn , see krueger , nearby , surround by seal team 6 , with lasseter and yate handcuff on they knee in front of he . Phoebe look around , daze . the Wal - Mart burn behind they , Black Hawk chopper in the air overhead , dozen of military vehicle and cop car be park into the lot , it 's crazy . they be ready to take down God himself out here . phoebe I want you to break you training . you know that right ? I want you to come to Hawaii with I , I hope you would be able to get through it , I believe in you - mike I know . lasseter tell I . phoebe what ? lasseter , you see lasseter - Mike drop to one knee , clearly about to pass out . phoebe ( cont 'd ) Mike , be you - he produce the ring box . mike be you want to ... marry I ? Phoebe look around , breathe hard , and immediately begin to cry , wiping blood off she face . 113 114 101 . mike ( cont 'd ) do not cry . it 's perfect . this be all just ... this be perfect . phoebe I be sorry ... mike do not say sorry . just say yes . phoebe ... yes . then a symphony of clicking gun . mike ( thrilled ) hey ! she say yes ! wwooo - Mike be hit with a bout a million tayer , dropped instantly . hardcut to : int . interrogation room 113 the room be spotlessly clean and empty , save for a stainless steel table and two chair . in one of they be Mike . he 's be clean up and bandage , but he 's still a total mess . bloody , slightly burnt finger tip drum away on the steel , but other than that , he 's motionless . the door open , and a young CIA analyst , in a suit and look very official , come in carry a file , and sit down across from the Mike . hardcut to : int . government car - backseat 114 yate and lasseter , still all fuck up , be be drive somewhere . they be let out ina snowy field in the middle of the wood . it 's about noon on a cold , gray day . both of they be shiver . they stand there with one another in silence . krueger clear he throat , startling they . 102 . krueger Diane lasseter . adrian yate . yate lasseter hello sir - good morning - krueger ( cont 'd ) shhhhhhhh . krueger regards they both , shiver there in the cold , while he himself be dress warmly , and look comfortable . krueger ( cont 'd ) all right . he check he watch . the timer be at 3 hour 40 minute . krueger ( cont 'd ) let 's wrap this up . lasseter can not hide a involuntary chill . lasseter I just want to say , sir , that Peter Douglas should not have he action in the past twenty four hour hold against he . I manipulate Douglas - krueger to betray the United States and the direct order of he commanding officer ? lasseter krueger Douglas will be deal with when he 's deal with . you , on the other hand directly interfered in a government operation . unsanction , without notification , without authorization , you kill a american government operative , and share indirect accountability for the death of seven civilian and seventeen government asset . be that correct ? lasseter yes , but sir , I feel yate be - — krueger shhh. 103 . yate thanks to lasseter alert asset '' howl , '' seven american citizen be kill in the - krueger - operation you create and spearhead , without any direct authorization - yate yes sir , but you have to understand , I be self start . you see opportunity , you take they ; what be I suppose to do other than take opportunity ? you be not gonna authorize some multibillion dollar test in Europe , Asia , so I start here , with people we already have deem expendable . yes , maybe I take shortcut , maybe I make mistake , but in the end , I be do what I understand that I need to do to create a cost - efficient exploit of a system already put in place . I know maybe I do not have '' permission '' or whatever , but if I would pull this off , you would be thanking I . you would be fuck thanking I , right ? be I right ? after a beat , krueger nod . CIA be shady like that . yate ( cont 'd ) this be what the problem be , be that somebody create a environment where I be make to look foolish . it be a unpredictable environment ; I do not account for Diane lasseter and Phoebe selburg betray they country , they ideal , and this agency in defense of a wash - out stone nonfunctional asset , I act to the best of my ability and in the best interest of national security - 104 . krueger and be this before or after you create a fake malaria panic , attempt to order a drine strike on a american soil and wipe out a entire small town police force ? yate well sir , it 's complicated . krueger no it be not . yate with all due respect , yes it be . with all due respect , you be not fuck there . you have not read the file , there be no file yet , you have not read the log , you have no fuck clue the kind of bullshit I have be deal with from this two psycho bitch , and I - krueger draw a pistol and shoot yate three time in the chest . lasseter stifles a scream . yate drop , fall onto he back . yate lay in the snow , shocked , bleed , die , and krueger go and stand over he . krueger you be fucking stupid . you go behind the back of the director and authorize a clandestine operation using murderer and lunatics to kill american agent ? that's high treason , moron . what the fuck be we coming to that a psychopath like you be put in charge of anything ! ? you cost the taxpayer money , and worse than that , you kill taxpayer , and then you be go to tell I I do not have a clue ? I be so happy and relieved that I just kill you , because now there 's no paperwork , you just fucking die , and in do so , become less of a fucking problem . yate die . krueger straighten himself , and turn to lasseter , who 's shaking . 105 . lasseter Sir . I do not know if this be appropriate to say , but please , please , please do not kill I . krueger you know there 's a strong chance that 's exactly what 's go to happen . lasseter yes sir . there 's a beat , krueger stare yate 's body . krueger I be you source . lasseter widely hide any kind of reaction . krueger ( cont 'd ) ( long beat ) when I call you to notify you the sweep be happen , I do it out respect and courtesy . you have make I regret that now . ( beat ) there be a universe where this be all my fault . but since no one know that be I be you source , and no one will ever know that I be you source , we be not live in that universe , understand ? lasseter - yes sir - krueger my intention be not for you to act like fool child moron and try to save you puppy , the puppy be be put down , I be notify you of the puppy 's death , not ask you to save the puppy , nor imply that I have vindicate you save the puppy . well the puppy just shit all over everything and light a Wal - Mart on fire . you have a crazy , scary , rabid puppy that murder people . it 's a bad puppy , and will still need to be put down . you understand that , correct ? 106 . lasseter ..- yes sir - krueger Douglas , hell , Douglas might be okay . he call I . you better pray you can find a way to turn this into a win . you better pray and sweat and pull a miracle out of you ass , a fuck bethlehem make I believe shock the world miracle , because if you can not ... ( indicate yate ) that 's you . that 's you . krueger turn , get ready to walk away , trudging up the hill . lasseter steel herself . lasseter you already have you miracle , sir . krueger stop dead , and turn back to lasseter . lasseter ( cont ’d ) my project work . wiseman return on its investment , even if it be not in the way we expect . Mike howell dismantle the entire toughguy program singlehandedly . that make he the most effective asset any of the ultra program have ever see . in sixty year . ( krueger be listen ) pardon I for say this sir , but that be a puppy worth save . that be a two hundred million dollar puppy . ( beat ) and you have he sit in a hold cell right now . krueger just stare at she . yate lay dead between they . the wind howl on the snowy field . yate reach down , and click off the timer on he wristwatch . int . lasseter 's house - later 115 Scott be sit up on the couch , watch the news , which be debunk the '' false malaria panic '' create by a '' disgruntled cdc employee . '' he 's clearly be up all night . the door open , and the alarm go off , startling he . Scott rush over the foyer , and see lasseter come in . 107 . scott Mom ? lasseter turn , clearly exhaust , and Scott rush and hug she tight . lasseter hug he back , and begin cry , more exhaust than emotional . she laugh , repeatedly kissing the top of scott head . fade to black . ext . belize - beach - month later 116 it 's a stunningly beautiful beach in belize . Mike and Phoebe be sit out on the beach , hold hand , drink bellinis . Mike and Phoebe look great . healthy , rest . Mike 's hair be a little longer . Mike get up , and Phoebe wave to he as he walk up to the bathroom . Mike give she thumb up , and go inside , only to be snatched by goons - — hardcut to : int . industrial kitchen 117 it 's all clean steel surface , and white ; we be in a very high end industrial kitchen . Mike , on he knee , have a bag pull off he head , and find himself face a INTERNATIONAL criminal , impeccably dress , look like one of Ocean 's eleven . goons flank he on all side . one of they approach the boss . goon all he have on he be this . the goon show the International criminal a napkin with a picture of rocket monkey draw on it that say '' fuck you . '' INTERNATIONAL criminal this be it ? this be he ? how far have the CIA fall , that they send one man . who be you ? be you James bond ? do they really think they could sneak up on I ? I be robertito lazaniafrespasda . and what do they send ? a tourist . 108 . the goons laugh . Mike look around the room ; knife on the counter , skewer in a cupboard , pan hang , sausage hang , open flame on the grill , a tray of dirty fork knife and spoon , a pile of plate . INTERNATIONAL criminal ( cont ’d ) one man . one unarmed man . Mike laugh to himself weirdly . INTERNATIONAL criminal ( cont ’d ) something funny ? mike I be sorry . ( beat ) I be just so fuck high right now . the criminal react : '' what ? '' and then mike suddenly lunge forward -— slam to black . cue : '' extreme way '' by moby the end . after credit ... int . the maury povitch show 118 maury povitch be interview Rose , who 's seat next to a big fat chinese woman who look mad . up on a big screen there 's a image of a half - chinese baby . maury well , the test result be in . Rose , do you still deny you be the father ? rose that 's right , it be unfeasible that that baby could be mine . maury unfeasible , really ? 109 . rose yes sir . yes sir maury , I be involved in a incident , a violent incident ten month ago , clandestine and swear to secrecy , but it have leave I unfertile . maury unfertile ? rose yes sir unfertile and barren . maury okay . in the case of one month old baby dim dom kwang ... ( open folder ) you be not the father ! heavy music come on , the camera move all around as Rose jump up and start dance . slam to black .