american bullshit by Eric Warren Singer 9/2/10 the follow be a true story base on a whole lot of bullshit ... ext . STREET - outskirt of atlantic CITY - night high angle over a dark street line with industrial building and warehouse . behind the street , the Jersey Turnpike --- we can see billboard advertising Atlantic City . a silver cadillac deville appear , roll down the street , turn into the lot of the " ally amusement " warehouse and honk . super : " December 29 , 1979 - Atlantic City " int . cadillac deville - continuous mel weinberg in the back seat stuff in between two large ginzo bonebreakers . immaculately dress in a Pierre cardin suit and overcoat , mel 's wear ing a pair of gold cazal eyeglass with just enough tint to hide the fear in he eye . sonny blitz , a nattily dress wiseguy , be behind the wheel . Riding shotgun be the capo of this crew , dominick casale , a stalwart man with the jovial facade of a grandfather . we see five mob goons emerge from the warehouse and approach . blitz get out , confer with the lead soldier and nod to the bonebreaker on mel 's leave who then open the door and exit . look to dom , mel make a silent appeal to he with he eye but be ignore --- so he get out . ext . parking lot - allied amusement - continuous blitz flash mel a vicious grin as the goons take custody of he and escort he towards the warehouse . int . allied amusement - second later moving with mel as the goons manhandle he through the dark warehouse fill with slot machine and arcade game --- down a flight of stair --- through a door and into ... int . rumpus room - allied amusement - continuous a formica wood - panele rumpus room . mel be ushere over to a card table seat at which be a little switchblade of a man , nicky scarfo . he 's read the Wall Street Journal and mark he stock pick with a mechanical pencil . on the table : a plate of italian cheese , a bottle of barolo glass and the milton Bradley game of operation ready to play . scarfo you know who I be ? mel nod . gesture he to take a seat , scarfo pour a glass of wine and slide it towards he . mel decline . scarfo ( cont 'd ) well then try some of this belicino --- mel how about you just tell I what I be do here , scarfo ? scarfo come on mel , I insist . try the goat cheese . it 's world famous . ( slide plate towards mel ) come from my family 's farm in Sicily 's belice Valley ... feign disgust , mel slide the plate back . scarfo ( cont 'd ) what 's the problem ? mel I know a guy , a fuckin’ cheesemonger --- he tell I all about the goat cheese from that part of Sicily . he say he will not touch it . say it 's taint ... scarfo fuck do you mean it 's taint ? mel tainted with that , uh , that animal disease , you know --- Anthrax ... scarfo what !? mel yeah . the cheesemonger say they get serious anthrax problem in that area of Sicily , like a epidemic , cause all the tarmer there --- after they assfuck they i 9uat they all assfuc each other . 's like a vicious circle . scarfo flash a lethal grin and eat a piece of cheese . scarfo you like to play game mel ? from the darken , far corner of the room a lighter be ignite and a cigarette light --- in the brief illumination mel catch a glimpse of the dim outline of a shadow man seat in a chair scarfo ( cont 'd ) friend of mine down in Florida -- you know the guy you be into some business with -- he call I the other day , say that you like to play game . this revelation hit mel like a fuck sledgehammer --- and the fear that be contain begin to seep out . mel bullshit --- why would the guy in Florida say that you ? scarfo Cause he know that I be a avid gamesman myself and he think that I would enjoy play with you . Monopoly , clue , parcheesi , ( more ) s| and fuck scarfo ( cont 'd ) ladder --- I love ‘em all --- but the game I love the most be this one right here , operation . ( beat ) so whaddya say mel , wanna play ? mel I do not think so ... scarfo mel , what do I do for a live ? mel --- you paint house . scarfo that 's right --- ( slide he ' Doctor 's card ) now pick a fuckin’ card . mel hesitantly pick the card : ' wishbone , $ 300 . 's scarfo ( cont 'd ) tough break . wishbone 's a bitch . on edge , mel take the tweezers connect to the wire and pluck the wishbone out without touch the metal . scarfo ( cont 'd ) bravo --- scarfo pick he own card , ' charlie horse 's and then masterfully pluck the piece from the gameboard . he gesture to mel who pick another card : ' writer 's cramp , $ 200 's with a illustration of a pencil in someone 's arm . scarfo ( cont 'd ) lucky prick , that 's a fuckin’ gimme . struggle for the pencil , mel 's finger twitches , he hit the metal -- the patient 's nose flash red as the buzzer sound . and like a cobra striking --- scarfo pin mel 's leave arm to the table and piledrive he metal pencil through mel 's wrist like a icepick . mel scream in agony as blood spurt from the wound . scarfo 's goons hold mel down , keep he arm pin . mel whaddya do ?! scarfo whaddya mean ? we be play the game . mel you do not need to tune I up . whatever you want --- we can talk --- scarfo my friend in Florida , he 's through talk mel . he never get the arab 's money --- mel ( scream at shadow man ) there be nothing I could do ---- scarfo who you talk to , mel ? there 's nobody there . it 's just you and I . mel scream as scarfo grind the pencil into the wound . mel whaddya want ?! scarfo whaddya think I want ? the truth . mel the truth ? ( beat ) the truth ... close on mel 's face as scarfo punch he in the skull mel ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ( calm , meditative the truth be bullshit . match CUT to : close on the terrorized face of mel' father , nathan weinberg : Nathan scream a millisecond before a thick pane of clear glass be savagely smashed and break over he face --- mel ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I learn this lesson at a very early age from the most honest man I ever know , my father Nathan ... pull back to reveal : int . glass installation shop - bronx - day super : " 1954 - bronx , New York " a warehouse fill with pane of glass glazier 's tool , etc . Nathan be splay out on the floor ; help ess to stop lucky barretti from stomping he ass out . mel ( v.0 . ) nate have a successful glass business in the bronx --- that be until lucky barretti decide to start a local glazier union --- and then everything just go to shit ... barretti smatter with you weinberg ? ( stomp he in the ball ) why will not you just fall in line like everyone else !? camera continue pull back through warehouse as barretti 's crew of five union goons destroy everything in sight . mel ( v.0 . ) my father would not get in line cause even though join the union would have insure he business , barretti_was gonna take a piece of every dollar he clocked --- make it so that the only way he could earn for himself would be to cheat he customer --- which be something Nathan weinberg would never do ... the camera finally pull back into : int . truck - glass installation shop - continuous a eleven year old melvin weinberg hide behind the steering wheel and cry -- watch the violence in helpless terror mel ( v.0 . ) and so they tune he ass up --- wreck he shop --- try to knock he outta of the box ... int . weinberg apartment - kitchen - bronx - night mel be seat at the kitchen table , a birthday cake in front of he , he face cast aglow by the twelve candle . he 's flanke by he sister and mother , everyone sing '' happy birthday '' . mel blow out the candle and with excited anticipation look across the table with at he batter and bandage father . nathan mel , I know I promise you a bike for you birthday but business be --- ( start to choke up ) I be sorry mel --- the heartbroken expression on mel 's face be too much for he father who break down and start to cry . mel ( v.0 . ) it be a terrifying thing for I to see my father like that . but more than fear , there be the anger . I mean just look at this poor schmuck . here he be on verge of lose he livelihood , security for he family , the respect of he son --- int . weinberg apartment - live room - later that night it 's late , all the light be out and everyone be asleep . mel ( v.0 . ) ... and for what ? we see mel slink out of the shadow and sneak out the front door , fully dress to brave the cold winter night . ext . neighborhood STREET - bronx - minute later a winter - sweep street line with row house ... we see mel approach the rear cab of he father 's work - truck . mel ( v.0 . ) what 's the point of have integrity ? close on truck : mel unlock a storage chest , take two box of bolt and stuff they into a shoulder - sling bag . mel v.0 . ( cont ’d ) integrity be not gonna get you what you want outta this world . ext . classic new york CITY storefront window - bronx - later close on a old school store front window : manny 's meat . mel ( v.0 . ) why pledge allegiance to the truth ? mel 's reflection suddenly appear in the glass . only a few foot away from the window we can see that mel have a slingshot in he hand . he load it with a bolt , take aim and fire --- the huge glass window shatter with a terrible violence ... mel v.0 . ( cont ’d ) the truth can not save you ... ext . webb ave . - bronx - second later high angle over webb Avenue as mel roll down the street ; use he slingshot and bolt to break every window in sight . mel ( v.0 . ) that night , I musta break every window in my neighborhood . I break so many fuckin ' window they have to import glass in from Jersey to replace they all ... and I keep on break glass until business get better --- and I get my bike ... fuck the square life . fuck integrity . fuck the truth . ( beat ) the truth be bullshit . CUT to black : over the blackness we hear the shrill descending whistle and explosion of 4th of July firework go off ... role title : Big , bullshit letter ... '' american bullshit '' int . JFK airport - eastern airline concourse - morning following closely behind the ball -crushingly rapturous figure of a woman tightly wrap in a chic chanel skirt - suit --- stride down the middle of the bustling flight concourse . superimpose over ass : '' September , 1978 --- New York City '' reverse angle : in she late twenty , maxine gardner be a ravenous beauty whose scorching blue eye give she a visceral , blow - torch appeal . Ann Margaret meet dorothy parker . Max approach the gate of a arrive flight as passengers flow into the terminal . harold piedmont , a craggy blue-blood step off the jetway , see the orchid broach pin to Max 's lapel and greet she with a unctuous grin . piedmont Ms. gardner --- ? max ( finish school accent ) please harold , it 's Max ... so good to finally meet you in person --- ( take he by the arm ) now come along , the car be wait .. ext . / int . limo - a little later stretch limo make its way into the city . piedmont and Max be seat directly across from each other . piedmont I must confess , I be not comfortable deal with loan broker like yourself . I have hear storey , unseemly storey about the kind of capital you people represent --- max please , harold , there 's really no need to be so vituperative e shop we be meeting with only deal with the most reputable lender --- piedmont look out the window as they cin a gas station and see a long line of car wait to fill someone have spray - paint the word : '' fuck OPEC '' over the station 's sign . piedmont that god damn peanut farmer in the White House be run this economy into the void ! stagflation , inflation --- credit market be all lock up --- ( eye return to Max ) I mean when institutional banker like chase Manhattan will not lend to a piedmont , you know this country 's in serious trouble . max ( clever grin ) and yet despite all of this I be still confident that you luck be about to change . ext . skyscraper - mid town manhattan - later that morning Max and piedmont enter a stun , fifth Ave. skyscraper . int . 10 th floor - skyscraper - minute later Max and piedmont approach a door : '' london investor - New York London , Zurich '' . we move with they as they enter ... int . london investor - skyscraper - continuous . the sumptuously appoint reception area of a very smart look establishment that exude a air of success and reputability . Max can see that piedmont be impressed . int . mel 's office - london investor - second later the receptionist usher piedmont and Max into a handsomely decorate office whose wall be gild with fine art , picture of mel weinberg with prominent luminary and award from various civic and business organization . clad in a beautiful banker suit , mel greet piedmont with a earnest smile and handshake . mel mel weinberg ... mel then give Max a cordial peck on the cheek . mel ( cont 'd ) hi ya Max ... how be thing ? max Lovely --- and you ? mel Capital . mel direct Max and piedmont to sit --- and as she move to the couch mel tilt he head slightly to the right and admire the swing of Max 's ass . he then sit across from piedmont . mel ( cont 'd ) not to be rude but I have get a back to back day as I be sure you do as well --- so if we could just cap to the climax --- max well have you look at the setup ? mel yeah , fantastic deal . top shelf property . perfect location for a shopping center ---. {takes out cigarette ) now , I do not know what Max has_told you about London investor so let I just give you the quick of it --- ( light up , take a drag ) I work very closely with a consortium of off shore bank that be expand they loan portfolio . on they end I help they find worthy deal that the mainline lender have miss . on you end I help you put a_ loan package together and hand -hold the deal through the process --- use all my weight to get the loan approve --- piedmont can you guarantee a approval ? mel of course not . that be say you should know I never take on deal I can not close . piedmont how much be all this go to cost I ? mel six point on the backend , after you get yours . only thing I ask be that you cover my cost with processing you package , which in you case will e about twenty - five thousand --- piedmont if you do not get I the financing do I get the twenty - five thousand back ? mel flash Max a '' the fuck 's wrong with this guy ? '' look . mel no . the twenty five be non-refundable , just like my time ... with a anxious sigh piedmont give mel a desperate glare . piedmont I just need to know that you can get I the money --- mel look , I be not willy loman . I be not here to sell you --- that be say --- ( lean forward earnestly ) you should know that I believe in cash and happy ending . I mean when a businessman need money , he need money --- not a aspirin and a fuckin ' prayer . that 's how I make my live --- ( get up from chair ) anyway , think it over . I hope we can do some business together . if not best of luck down the block . piedmont and Max stand , mel usher they towards the door . mel give Max a peck on the cheek and then shake piedmont 's hand . ext . skyscraper - mid town manhattan - later that day we see mel behind the wheel of a forest green , lincoln Mark - V as it exit the garage and head down the street . ext . street - manhattan - continuous various angle of mel drive --- sultry late afternoon . we see he pull up to the valet of the pierre HOTEL and exit ... int . suite - pierre HOTEL - minute later mel enter the elegant residential suite . late afternoon sunlight be flooding in through the huge window which overlook the par there be a shirley Temple wait for he on the bar . he grab — it , sit on the couch and sip as he gaze out . the room darken as the sun set behind the skyline of building across the park --- and mel suddenly see the reflection of a 10 . woman in the window 's glass . the woman be stand in the doorway of the bathroom behind he . mel what 's up , pussycat . be he hook ? max heavy as lead . walk towards mel , the woman reveal herself to be Max . she hand mel a check from ' harold piedmont 's make out to London investor for ' $ 25,000 . 's --- and give he a sensual kiss . pull up a armchair , Max position it directly in front of mel and sit down provocatively , she skirt hike up to she anty . kick off she heel , she perches she foot on mel 's nees and lazily spread she leg wide open . max ( cont 'd ) ( foxy grin ) I also get he to front I three point on_ that Bank of sark CD I have be hold . mel what be it with you Max ? always want . I mean we talk about this . you never send a guy to the river --- max oh please . do not show I the move if you do not want I to make they . mel I just want you to make they smartly --- max life be short and so be money --- Max recline into the chair ; totally relaxed , completely uninhibit . then beckon mel with a pleasure seek grin . max ( cont 'd ) so why not go out on a limb ? I mean --- ( slide hand over crotch ) ... be not that where the fruit be ? mel move in but Max shove he back with she foot . max . ( cont 'd ) ( off mel 's look ) you know , it occur to I earlier today --- that once I walk into you office I be just a spectator ... mel whaddya mean ? over the shoulder of Max ; keeping mel pin back with one leg , she slide she underwear off the other 11 . max I always have to just sit there with my mouth shut and watch you get yourself off as you close the deal . ( begin play with herself ) well , now it 's you turn to watch I -- Max 's leg contort , foot bend and flex . her body slowly twist and turn like a corkscrew as she get herself off . mel 's grin swell into a stupefy , life affirm smile . ext. / int . stella's supper club - fifty seventh STREET - later a fully pack and incredibly noisy but chic restaurant fill with a mixture of wiseguy , hustler and celeb . like the copa but without the show . clearly the place to be see . angle close on two hustler stand at the end of the bar ; sy lentz ( very gay ) and ronny damone . ronny get out . guy be chief of staff to Nixon . fuckin NATO Supreme Commander . sy and man of he stature can not be faggot ? Cause I be tell you , they can , they be and thank God for it . mel carry a attaché , approach and greet they with a nod . mel fellas ... what 's up ? ronny sy say that Al haig 's a shitstabber . sy oh , haig do not engage in sodomy . no , he 's strictly into helmeting --- mel the fuck be helmeting ? sy he get off from have bald man try to stick they head up he ass . mel laugh --- ronny be horrify . ronny that 's the worst thing I ever hear --- mel ( rub ronny 's head ) do not knock it till you try it , ron. ( to sy you get anything tasty for I ? sy setup on the package we be bring in through artie kessler in Pittsburgh --- 12 . sy hand mel some file which he put into he attache . mel just keep feed I the action fella --- and spread the word , cause I be hungry . sonny blitz suddenly roll up next to mel . sonny well , if it be not the golden hebe mel so sonny ---_i guess that make you the nickel plate ginzo ? sonny do not get smart with I jagoff --- mel Zip you fly , sonny --- sonny look like he 's about to stab mel but be stop by the sight of he boss , dominick casale . blitz quickly back down . dom hey , there he be --- how be ya mel --- take mel by the arm , dom usher he towards the back door mel what be it with you fuck crew --- always break my ball --- dom whaddya expect ? you be a compulsive earner -- ya make them look bad . ext . parking lot - alley - back of stella's - minute later dom and mel lean up against dom 's cadillac . dom anything you need I to take care of ? problem , beef , whatever --- mel nothing --- mel take a cash stuff envelope out of he attaché , hand it to dom . mel ( cont 'd ) July . dom ( smile , impressed ) heavy . mel this thing come in streak . and it 's be seven come eleven for I lately . 13 . dom luck be the residue of design , mel . ( light a cigarette ) while everyone else be out there scramble for the big score --- you --- you figure out that the real money 's in small score at a high volume . you take the front end scam off the street open up a front office where you mark be deliver to you by you own network of feeder --- you be like the McDonald 's of con merchant . a real innovator --- mel thanks dom --- dom I just do not get how you keep it all go . thirty -forty mark a week none of they be get they loan and no one 's make a beef ? mel almost all of this asshole apply for a loan cook the number on they financial statement --- give I the perfect blow off : '' hey douchebag , you do not get the loan cause you financial be bullshit " . dom but what if they be legit ? mel keep the fee low and for most people it be not worth the time or headache to go to court or the cop --- ( smile at dom but on_ the rare occasion that I have a problem , I always get you --- ext . mel 's house - long island , NY - later that night driving down a upper-middle class street of ranch house , mel pull into he driveway , park next to a station wagon . we can see the name weinberg on the mailbox . int . mel 's house - long island , NY - minute later the house be in the midst of a remodel . walk into he home , mel navigate he way through a maze of construction material and into the live room where he find he wife , estelle weinberg , asleep on the couch in front of the tv . clad ina lightweight nightgown , estelle be a petite and attractive woman in she late thirty . mel turn the tv off and scoops she up in he arm and we move with they as he carry she to the bedroom . estelle ( sleepy , eye close ) Long day at the office ---? 14 . mel braindead . be lock in a room crunching number with my accountant since this afternoon . estelle sorry . hey , nobody ever '' Said a life in finance be gonna be exciting . estelle ( tired smile but it beat install glass ... mel ( affectionately ) yeah ... int . bedroom - mel 's house - continuous he gently lay she down on the bed ... estelle dinner 's in the fridge and please look over the bid for the pool --- mel go back to sleep , we will talk in the morning . int . kitchen - mel 's house - minute later mel open the fridge , see the sandwich and a child - scrawle note : '' yankee 8 - oreo 5 . you owe I five buck , willie '' . smiling at the note , mel grab the sandwich and be about to sit when_the backdoor suddenly open --- and in shuffles little willie weinberg , age 12 il mel light vp like a pinball machine when he see he son --- he eye fill with pure adoration and joy . mel hey boychick -- willie ie 's wear nothing but boxer . ( groggy I be sleep in the hammock . too hot to be inside . Mom say it 's okay . mel okay . willie I gotta pee . Willie sleepily march over to the bathroom off the kitchen . mel watch he lift up the seat and pull down he boxer . mel how be camp today ? 15 . willie do not talk to I . you know I can not go if you talk to I . mel shut he mouth and smile inwardly . Willie finally pee flush , wash he hand --- and shuffles out . willie ( cont 'd ) you get my note ? mel yeah . I get you note . what happen ? willie top of the eighth , Reggie Jackson take it downtown off a high and hard one . Willie hold out he hand with a grin which mel return as he hand he the cash . mel willie-boy , if you be purple then purple would be my favorite color . willie likewise , pop . ext . fifth ave . - midtown manhattan - day reverse track on jimmy boyle as he stride up fifth Ave. clad in a suit and tie , carry a briefcase . in he early thirty boyle have hard boil good look of a book -smart boxer and exude the edgy , allure intensity of a man on the make . a attractive woman in front of he suddenly get she high heel catch in a ventilation grill . boyle smoothly swoops in to help she , effortlessly pull the heel out and then flash the woman a self - assure smile --- before move on and enter the skyscraper mel 's office be in . int . london investor - skyscraper - twenty minute later boyle be wait in the reception area . the cute receptionist get up from she desk and nod to boyle . boyle do you mind if I use you phone for a second ? the receptionist turn she phone around --- boyle dial and then flash the receptionist a flirtatious smile which she can not help but return . boyle ( phone ) ( cont ’d ) it 's I . let she call in five . hanging up , boyle follows the receptionist though a door and into mel 's office and close the door behind he ... int . mel 's office - london investor - skyscraper mel give boyle a hearty handshake . 16 . boyle James boyle --- mel ( gesture boyle to sit ) mel weinberg ... boyle take a seat and mel sit across from he . mel . ( cont 'd ) so who be you come to I through ? boyle maxine gardner --- boyle hand mel Max 's business card and survey the office . mel funny , Max never mention you name --- boyle I do not see the point in give she a fee for just walk I in --- mel the point be that I know she and I do not know you . boyle I be strapped for cash , mel --- mel eye boyle with a subtle wariness , size he up . mel well as Max might of mention I have a strong relationship with a consortium of offshore bank that be expand they loan portfolio --- boyle ( interrupt ) how do I know you bank be real ? mel Real ? this be all legally charter reputable , second tier lender . boyle just because they be charter do not mean they have money . for all I know you bank be just some guy in the Bahamas with nothing more than a phone , telex , and a box of stationary . mel lean back and tense up --- upset by boyle 's comment . boyle ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to be rude . it 's just that I know people who have be burn by scam artist pose as money broker --- guy who take front end fee by promise loan from bank that do not exist ... 17 . mel if you have question about my lender I can get you financial , counter party reference , whatever --- and if ave concern about I --- take a ook around , do it look like I be some five and dime hustler deal out of my hat ? boyle ( look around ) no , i’ vd to to hand it to yoy " mel . this really be a unbelievabl convincing setup . it 's the detail work , the little thing -- ( gesture ) like the picture of you with spiro agnew . that 's what pull it al together . make everything feel so legit --- and safe ( lock eye with mel ) you have get a real gift . mel sit back . a uneasy silence as they stare each other down . mel who you with ? the phone on the table next to mel suddenly ring . mel do not pick it up , just sit there glaring at boyle boyle you be go to want to take that call . mel ( into phone ( finally pick up phone yeah , okay put she through ... what 's up , Max ? --- when ? ( give boyle a glare no , do not say anything . i’1l take care of it . where have they get you ? --- alright , just sit tight ... mel hang up the phone , light a cigarette , take a drag . boyle special agent Jimmy boyle --- FBI --- mel so what 's on you warrant for I ? boyle Bank fraud , wire fraud , security fraud , criminal conspiracy . ( beat ) but whether or not I execute it , that all depend . mel yeah okay , whatever , kid --- you mind if I call my lawyer now ? 18 . boyle sure , but how about you let I buy you a drink first ? | ( off mel 's silence ) C ’mon mel . you lawyer up then I have to arrest you . why not at least hear I out ? I know a place right around the corner . ext . STREET - midtown manhattan - a little later moving with mel and boyle as they stroll down fifth Avenue . boyle take off he tie and unbutton he shirt . boyle this goddamn heat be oppressive --- mel so then why the fuck be we out here ? boyle Cause I want you to feel it . mel ( annoyed ) Jesus ... whaddya wanna talk to I about , boyle ? boyle Love . mel Love ? boyle yeah , right , love . ( beat ) you see the bitch of it for I be that you do it all so smart . I mean try to build up enough evidence to make a case on you , it 's like try to pick up mercury with a fork . but then I realize ._--- {uittze smile at mel ) who need evidence when you have get love ? mel what be this ? do you wanna to fuck I or arrest I ? boyle I have be watch you for the past few month --- you wife estelle , you son Willie --- I know that you amily have no idea who and what you really be . they think you be a completely legit guy --- a loyal husband --- adoring father --- pillar of the community , right ? they hit 42nd Street and boyle steer mel to the right , towards Bryant Park . 19 . boyle ( cont 'd ) I do not know how you do it , mel . I mean the energy it must take to sustain the lie . Day % , day out . ( beat ) and it tell I thing --- like how much you want to protect they --- how much ou care about what they think --- ow much you love they --- they roll up to a hot dog stand on the outskirt of the park . boyle ( cont 'd ) you want anything ? mel lemme have a tab . boyle ( to vendor ) gimme a tab and a yoohoo . the hot dog vendor pull out the drink out from the cooler , give they to boyle , who pay and then hand mel he soda . move to a bench in the park , boyle and mel sit . boyle ( cont 'd ) and then there 's maxine gardner . ( take a swig of yoohoo ) when I watch you two together you know what I see ? I see a man that 's head over heel . and who could blame you ? she 's a phenomenal woman . reaching into he pocket , boyle pull out and hand mel a justice Department indictment summary that , point by point , lay out they case against Max . boyle ( cont 'd ) unfortunately she 's greedy --- and not as careful as you be . as he review the document , we can see mel 's cool facade begin to melt into one of restrain anxiety . boyle ( cont 'd ) now you might be able to beat you rap down to a banker 's bit , maybe even probation -- but as you can see we case against Max be a lock . ( take summary , from mel ) she 's go away and I mean for at least a nickel --- and there 's no fix dominic casale can put in that 's gonna make this go away . mel ( after long hard beat ) whaddya want ? boyle five high - line white collar bust --- mel you talk confidential boyle no , you have be a_cooperatin that way I could use you Broad stroke ; you close you_and Max plead out on we will get the judge to su execution of the sentence after you help I close for you and Max can skate on mel ( dubious ) just like that ? boyle right , just like th ( off mel 's doubt ) come on mel , what 's the a Max be be a stand up now but what do you thin happen after she 's do a attica ? what do you think happen to you wife when slap she with a warrant , house , ask she all kind and show she picture --- Max suck face all over and what about you son happen when he read abo the papers and learn tha i ? nothing but a eeou shoo , yeah , inis you do not take the deal , everything that you love mel ( after a long hard I gotta think about it . boyle I 'il give you until noon 20 . informant ? g witness , at the trial . up you shop , all count --- spend the --- and ive case probation . at . ternative ? irl right 's go to year at 's go to my agent toss you of question of you and the city . mel ? what ut you in t he father 's burp ) you lose the most . beat ) tomorrow . mel just sit there stewing in the nightmare . boyle get up and hand mel he card . boyle ( cont 'd ) you call I and let I ko go to fuck or fight . ow if you be mel give boyle a nod and watch he leave . ext . met correctional CENTER - downtown - waiting area - later mel sit impatiently on a bench in the bustlin the city 's federal remand center . he have a pin moishe 's 2nd Ave. bake shop on he lap . we hear the electric buzz of the door be unlock --- Max be escort out by a fat bail bondsman . she look like hell . wait room of bakery BOX from 21 . mel and Max lock eye --- both relieved to see each other . mel approach and can see that she 's shake up . Max see the bakery box in mel 's hand and she face brighten up slightly . max chocolate rugelach from moishe 's ? mel you favorite . deeply touch by the gesture , Max throw she arm around mel and give he a soulful and tender hug . mel ( cont 'd ) you okay ? max I be now . ext . mel' lincoln - a little later we be gaze through the lincoln 's windshield at mel and Max . mel 's drive and Max be riding shotgun , eat the rugelach . max you should reach out to dom --- mel I can not . I get this anywhere near dom and suddenly this thing have predicate --- feds will try to fold it into a rico statute --- max then call bernie meyerson , you always say he 's the best defense in town --- mel whaddya think bernie 's gonna do except take he fee ? he can not fix this --- max how do we know until we talk to he ? mel Cause that snot - nose little feeb show I they summary against you -- it 's open and shut . tape of you close over the phone . sign letter of commitment that you send through the mail . you print on the sark paper . I mean I could not believe it --- ( disappointed look at Max ) and the worst part about it be that you know better . I teach you better ... max what do you want I to say ? you be right ? I be sorry ? we all know better despite do worse . mel do not get all fuck abstract on I . I be talk here and now --- 22 . max so be I . this be my calamity , I will deal with the consequence --- mel can you deal with do five year in shit city ?! ( beat ) one week inside you will be ready to talk --- a enraged Max punch mel in the mouth hard enough to draw blood . mel slam on the brake and the car screech to a halt . mel ( cont 'd ) the fuck be wrong with you ?! Max get out of the car and start march up Broadway barefoot . as she walk away mel dab he lip , look at the blood on he finger and then gaze out at Max --- tilting he head slightly to the right to admire the swing of she ass . he pull the car over , get out . we see he catch up to she ext . west broadway - tribeca - continuous mel try to grab she but she swat he hand away . mel I do not mean how that sound --- max yes you do . you be so fuck scared that I would rat you out you would become a rat yourself just to stop I --- mel that 's how it work with the fed they come after the thing you care about the most and turn ‘em on you --- max which be why you can not take this deal mel . you can not trust they . mel so what be I suppose to do Max ? just let this fuck put you away ? let they out I to my family ? max take this deal will not stop that -- it just postpone the inevitable . once you make you case for they it 's all gonna come out at the trial ! mel no , not everything . not you and I . and this will buy I some space between now and then . max the only thing this be gonna buy you be more trouble . ( more ) 23 . max ( cont 'd ) lock eye with mel tell estelle the truth , tell the feebs to fuck off --- let 's go to court and fight this thing together . mel 's silent , overwhelm by the terrible choice he 's gotta make ... mel I do not know ... ext . mel 's house - long island , NY - later that morning mel pull in he driveway , park and get out of the car sport a fat lip --- look totally strung out . int . mel 's house - kitchen - continuous estelle be in the kitchen 's laundry alcove load the washer . Willie 's at the table , eat cereal and watch cartoon . mel move to the kitchen cabinet , grab a bottle of j&b and a glass --- and then sit . willie hey pop . mel hey --- estelle what be you do home ? I think you be stay in the city --- no response . estelle come out , see the sorry state of mel and the booze . tensing up with concern , she turn the tv off . mel shoot the glass of whiskey , then look up at estelle . estelle ( cont 'd ) what be it ? what 's wrong ? the weight in he eye make it clear that mel 's on the verge of confess everything to she --- but then he pull back ... mel I be shutting down London investor . estelle what ?! why !? mel financing i_was count on pull out at the last minute and some very big deal fall through . the only way I can avoid a chapter 11 be to fold the company up . estelle Jesus , mel --- I mean --- four year you spend building a business and it 's over in one day ? mel say nothing and have another drink . 24 . estelle ( cont 'd ) what about the vacation to the Bahamas ? what about the remodel ? mel we be gonna have to tighten we belt . put everything on hold for a little while --- estelle on hold ?! mel , look around --- how can we live like this ? mel I be sorry , estelle . I just need a little time to figure thing out . Beyond upset , estelle blow out of the kitchen . not want to look vulnerable in front Willie , mel put on a brave face and gesture 's Willie to come over to he . mel then reassur ingly put he hand on he son 's shoulder and lock eye wit im . ; mel ( cont 'd ) . everything 's gonna be all right . I promise --- okay ? willie sure pop --- mel go get dress . Willie exit kitchen . mel take boyle 's business card out and stare at it for a long beat . he then finish he drink get up , move to the kitchen 's phone and dial . mel ( cont 'd ) okay boyle ---- let 's fuck . CUT to black : ext . graveyard - the bronx - day a light drizzle fall over a overcast expanse of tombstone and tree . in the distance we see mel 's lincoln cut along a road towards the center of the screen and park . super : '' November , 1978 '' close on the gravestone of nathan weinberg : stand solemnly at the tombstone of he father , mel notice that he father 's grave be dirty with grime and leave -- but the grave next to it be immaculate . mel then see that there 's a small '' perpetual Care '' plaque affix to the bottom of the clean gravestone . jump CUT to : second later - angle close on opened trunk_of mel 's car : | reaching into a tool box , mel pull out a flat-head screwdriver hammer and tube of super glue . jump CUT to : 25 . minute later - angle on grave next to mel 's father : mel use the screwdriver and hammer to chisel off the perpetual Care plaque . he then squeeze out the entire tube of super - glue on the back of the plaque and affix it to he father 's stone . mel from I to you pop ... _ man' voice ( 0.s. ) ( grate New England accent ) put it back --- spin around , mel see a stiff : clad in a raincoat , suit and tie ; march towards he . in he late forty , the stiff have a face like a foot --- and exude the tight -ass , awkward energy of a man who be so painfully ill at ease with himself he make everyone around he uncomfortable . stiff I see what you do . now put it back . mel put what back ? I do not know what you be talk about . stiff empty you pocket . mel fuck you , jaggoff --- the stiff suddenly make a aggressive move to reach for one of mel 's pocket --- and mel shove he back so hard the stiff slip on the slick grass and fall on he ass . boyle ( 0.s. ) ( holler ) what the hell be this ? both man look and see boyle get out he Crown Vic and storm towards they . the stiff scramble to he foot , embarrassed . boyle be be follow by two man : special agent burt grosswald and special agent alvin ackerman . stiff I observe the 2 - 0 - 9 as he remove a perpetual care marker from this grave and put it on that grave and when I order he to put it back he deny everything and assault I . mel assaulted you ? this asshole try to stick he hand in my pocket and --- boyle I do not want to hear it , weinberg ... ( get into mel 's face ) if a FBI agent tell you to do something , anything --- tell you to pour gasoline on you cock and ball ight they on fire so he can warm he ( more ) 26 . boyle ( cont 'd ) hand around it --- you do it , or you be do . mel this hump be with you ? boyle ( gesture to stiff ) that 's special agent Bob polk. ( to grosswald ) special agent brut grosswald ... ( to ackerman and special agent Alvin ackerman --- mel ( chuckle to ackerman ) Holy 's shit ! I do not believe it ! a fuckin' jew_in the Bureau !? ( smile , offer hand ) hey , nighpokheh --- mazel tov , babe --- ackerman I be not jewish ... mel ( chuckle ) yeah , sure you be not ... boyle this agent along with myself will be handle you . mel terrific --- so what now ? boyle tony denato . mel tony the nutcracker --- ? boyle ( nod ) he 's one of the city 's biggest butterfly dealer --- steal counterfeit security , funny paper --- mel fuck that . the deal be for I to help you make case against con merchant like I --- not a mobbed up maniac like denato . grosswald maniac !? guy 's a lawyer for chrissake . mel yeah , he 's a lawyer who work he way through law school by do hit for the bino 's . get he nickname by puttin’ guy 's ball in a nutcracker and squeezing they till they pop --- 27 . boyle this be the target mel -- - and you be go to deliver he --- mel you will not put I on salary --- how do you expect I to deliver anything when I gotta put food on the table ? ackerman you must have make three million last year . where have it all go ? mel my overhead be murder --- boyle bullshit . mel I wanna get pay . boyle until you produce denato we have get nothing to talk about . | ( start back to he car ) Thanksgiving 's in a couple of week --- I want to hear some idea for a approach the follow Monday . mel stand there with a_ '' fuck I '' expression on he face . as ackerman and grosswald follow boyle back to the car . after a beat , mel see that Polk be stare at he . mel what the fuck 's with you ? polk the marker --- put it back . mel just walk off . ext . chelsea HOTEL - manhattan - late that afternoon the venerable old hotel for artist and stoner of the day ... int . room - chelsea HOTEL - a little later the wear , bohemian charm chelsea be a stark contrast to the elegance of the Pierre ... mel 's fully dress and lie on the bed , smoking a cigarette --- clearly strung out with high anxiety . in the full - size mirror affix to the open bathroom door we can see the reflection of Max soaking naked in the tub , smoking a joint . max ( lament ) I miss the Pierre . I miss the day that i_ could just reach under my bed and pull out forty thousand dollar in cash . 28 . mel for chrissake , it 's be a_coupla month and you be talk like it be ten year ago . max well it feel like it be . ( beat , take a long drag ) I have get no action , can not make any move --- run out of cash . I do not know what to do with myself ... mel ( snap ) spare I , Max . I get bigger problem to deal with right now than you inertia . in the mirror , we see Max get up out of the tub --- and without toweling herself off , she slink out of the bathroom towards mel . her eye fill with sexy resolve , she straddle he . mel ( cont 'd ) hey -- you be all wet ! max ( grab mel 's dick ) I know --- mel ( shove Max off what the fuck be you do ? the pain and humiliation of mel 's rejection cut across Max 's face --- the intensity of its sting shock she . not want mel to see she vulnerability , she storm into the bathroom --- slamm the door shut behind she . mel shut he eye with dread --- get up and walk over to the door only to find that it 's lock . mel ( cont 'd ) come on Max --- open the door --- max ( 0.s. ) fuck off , mel --- mel I be sorry , okay ? it 's just I be tense --- max ( 0.s . ) yeah , I know . which be why I be try to help you , shitbag --- mel if you really wanna help , then help I figure out this denato thing . max ( 0.s. ) help you help the fed ? I think not . mel hey , you 's be the one that get I into this 29 . max ( 0.s. ) I tell you not to take the deal . I know that they would screw you --- mel ( lock eye with himself in the mirror ) | . no matter what happen in life there 's always some asshole who know it would --- max ( 0.s. whatever , mel . if you have any ball or brain you have stop waste you time think of way to help they and start think of way to help yourself ! now leave ! mel grab he jacket and leave . ext . chelsea bar - a little later gazing through the window of a local pub , we see mel sit at the bar next to a couple of barflies . mike wallace ( v.o. ) tonight on 60 minute , the shadowy world of arab oil and the fabulous wealth it 's create in the Middle East --- int . chelsea bar - continuous mel nurse he drink , lose in he thought while kind of watch the tv behind the bar at the same time . on the tv Mike wallace present a_60 minute intro to a segment about the arab sheik that control OPEC . image be intercut of white - robe Arabs , roll royce , gas field in Saudi Arabia and gas line in the United States , etc ... mike wallace ( onscreen ) --- from they extravagant home , they opulent yacht , they incredible lifestyle ... all of it power by the world 's most valuable commodit Petroleum . be the man that contro OPEC get filthy rich at the expense of the rest of the world ? tonight on 60 Minutes ! the show cut to a commercial and mel sit up as if stung by a inspire notion . his wheel begin to turn ... barfly one Fucking Arabs keep get richer and I gotta wait forty five minute just to fill up my goddamn tank !? barfly two they get all the money in the world , whadda they need more for ? 30 . the exchange between the barflies triggers something in mel and we suddenly see he face light up with a inward smile as he inspire notion bloom into a ingenious scheme . man 's voice ( over speakerphone ) you have such a good thing go with London . it 's a fuckin’ shame --- int . mel 's house - office - day moving across mel 's desk which be cover with a mosaic of library book , note-filled legal pad , xerox have news storey , magazine article , etc . --- and all of it about Middle East oil , OPEC , the man who control it , etc . mel ( into speakerphone ) hey , when God close one door , he open a window --- the phone on the desk be hook to a speaker - phone . man' voice ( over speakerphone ) what 's up ? mel I be into some new deal with a arab sheik --- man' voice ( over speakerphone ) a arab sheik !? mel yeah , from the emirate --- camera pan up to reveal mel seat at he desk , glance at a volume of '' the middle east economic digest '' as he chat . unbeknownst to he estelle be stand in the door behind mel --- listen to he talk ... man' voice ( over speakerphone ) come on mel , you be serious ? ; _ mel serious as prick cancer --- man' voice ( over speakerphone ) anything for I ? mel you gotta line on any paper ? CD 's security , b-bonds , note , whatever --- man' voice ( over speakerphone ) maybe . why ? mel the Sheik can not earn interest on the money he 's get in he country 's bank cause of the arab law against usury --- and he 's scared that the shitstorm they get in Iran be come he way . he want to get all he cash out now , before it 's too late . 31 . man' voice ( over speakerphone ) but how do funny paper help he do at ? mel if the sheik sign over a million dollar CD to he bank --- they 'il allow he to withdraw the cas equivalent --- ya see , cause as far as the bank 's 's concerned , the sheik 's money be not really leave they vault . get it ? man' voice ( over speakerphone ) yeah , yeah . how much you lookin for ? mel as much as you can get you hand on . man' voice ( over speakerphone ) yeah , okay --- lemme get back at you --- mel you do that Mick , and spread the word cause I be hungry . ext . / int . mel 's MARK v_- steinway ST - astoria - day mel slowly cruise down steinway Street in the Little Egypt section of astoria , queen . mel scan both side of this small neighborhood thoroughfare line with arab shop and restaurant --- clearly look for something . ext . basir 's tobacco shop - steinway STREET - continuous the tobacco shop proprietor , a stately fook egyptian in he sixty , play 's backgammon on a card table with another egyptian man . they be surround by they five respective son . everyone speak Arabic . we see mel 's lincoln roll down the street . mel lock eye on the man , quickly size they up , pull over and park . the chatter go quiet as the wary - eye egyptian watch mel get out of he car and approach . mel salam wa aleikum , fella . proprietor aleikum ah salam . can I help you ? mel well , if eyouere interested in make a few she el , then yeah ... ext . stella 's supper club - night a black roll royce phantom pull up in front of stella 's . a chauffeur get out and open the door . don he best suit , mel step out and stand aside as _ the tobacco shop proprietor exit the car iy 's fol a beautiful white thobe and kingly headdress . he is_ quickly follow by he entourage of three son who be also clad in arab garb . 32 . int . stella 's supper club - little later mel and the egyptian be seat at the best table in the house --- a private corner booth at the far end of the room . it 's obvious that everyone be check they out . mel occasionally wave or nod to people he know -- carefully and respectfully keep everyone at bay and away from he " Sheik " close on table ; the proprietor 's son be chat in Arabic and have a good time but all in deference to they father who sit back with a reserve and regal posture . Son # 2 accidentally spill some red sauce on he robe ... mel ( scream whisper ) hey , shmuck , careful will ya . costume shop 's gonna jam I on the dry clean --- mel be abruptly interrupt by the sight of boyle walk into stella 's . he approach the booth and sit down next to mel , lean in close . the two man talk in hushed but angry tone . mel ( cont 'd ) the fuck you do here ?!!! boyle let I ask you a question mel --- do I look like some bog-trott , shanty asswipe from hackensack ? mel what ? boyle suddenly and stealthily give mel a quick but savage sucker punch in the groin . mel do he best to maintain he composure ut be obviously in pain --- tobacco shop proprietor be alarmed and confuse ... boyle answer the question mel . do I look like some bog-trott , shanty asswipe from hackensack ? mel what the hell be you talk about !? boyle give mel another even_harder tightening fast dick -punch . he keel forward and boyle , like a concerned friend , pat he on the back as if he 's have digestion trouble . boyle I be talk about it have not even be two week since we start up and you be already back into business for yourself !? ( off look on mel 's face ) yeah , I know about you and the arab . everyone know . it 's all over the street ! the freak out tobacco shop proprietor start to get up to leave but mel force he to sit back down . 33 . mel the fuck you go ? proprietor I do not want a problem --- mel then sit you ass down and keep you mouth shut --- boyle what the hell be you into here ? mel how do you think this work boyle ? you think I just call up a wiseguy like denato and say let 's make a deal ? no . you gotta put out the honey - pot and let the fly come to you --- ( smile nod to proprietor ) .. and what better honey - pot be there than a oil-rich Sheik ? you get some jack painting ? yeah , sure , the Sheik 's a fuckin ' art lover ! 's stolen security , bullshit CD 's ? just what the camel - jockey order ! you see where this be go ? the Sheik can be all thing to all hustler --- a scam for all season ... boyle ( incredulous ) the bullshit with you be so constant it get to be a kind of a truth . mel whatever boyle , I be lining thing up . just say the word and I can deliver twelve buy-bust for you by the end of the day --- all cock solid case . reeling , boyle shake he head in furious disbelief . boyle be you out of you be fuck mind !? everything you do , everything have to be authorize before you do it --- mel you say you want five case , I get you twelve . boyle this be not the mel weinberg show . you do not decide what case we run with . I do . mel do not get badge heavy with I . I produce . boyle produce what ? I say I want denato --- 34 . mel ( gesture to the bar ) and there he be , sit p pretty three hundred mile in bullshit to ? 5 --- follow mel 's line of sight to the bar boyle see tony denato , a hefty , hatchet - face fuck with a wander leave eye . boyle you be approach he here , now ? mel I be until you walk in --- boyle well then I be go with you . mel C ’mon , boyle , that 's retarded . guy 's gonna take one look at you choirboy ace and know --- boyle know what ? he know only what you tell he , fuckstick --- ( off mel 's look ) look , weinberg , this be not the first time I have be under . I know how to handle my shit --- mel here 's how yong handle you shit , boyle . you say not follow my lead and let I do all the talk . but if you gotta speak only three thing should e come out of you mouth : yes , no , or none of you fuckin ' business . mel take out a pair of sunglass and put they on boyle . mel ( cont 'd ) and leave this on no matter what . ( to proprietor ) i’ li be back , ; just keep doin ' what you be doin ' mel and boyle get up and we move with they as they cut across the restaurant to the bar --- near but not next to denato ... mel ( cont 'd ) ( shout to bartender ) pack of pall mall --- after a few beat denato cut over and nudge up to mel . denato mel --- mel hey --- tony D --- how be you ? denato yeah , okay --- ( more ) 35 . denato ( cont 'd ) ( gesture to table ) so do I get to meet the arab ? mel no tony --- the Sheik do not wanna talk to anyone --- that 's what he 's pay I for --- denato ( turn to eyefuck boyle ) you never say anything about bring company --- mel yeah , well , this be , uh , James hoyle , a special advisor to the sheik --- denato give boyle the once over while hustling he ball --- and then throw mel a suspicious glare . mel ( cont 'd ) hey , you do not like it ? I can take the Sheik 's money down the block . but this guy 's gotta have eye on everything I do . h denato why ? mel whaddya mean why ? Fucking Arabs do not trust Jews . denato well I guess that 's one thing the Sheik and I have in common --- ( turn back to boyle ) too bright in here for you , Mr. hoyle ? boyle none of you fuck business . mel cringe --- but denato chuckle . ext . parking lot in back of stellas - minute later we move with mel and boyle as they emerge from stella 's back door and follow denato through the maze of car park in the alley . they approach denato 's brown Seville --- when suddenly --- a savage , rabid -ey , scar- ravage pitbull hurl itself up against the caddie 's backseat window , in full - attack mode . scare the shit out mel and boyle --- but denato do not flinch . denato my bride and joy . Fifteen bout and still undefeate --- there 's a blood - like substance drip from the dog 's mouth and he stain the window with it as he try to bite he way through the glass . 36 . mel what be that shit --- blood !? denato uh uuh . it 's my own little cocktail of hot sauce , gravy and gunpowder . help maintain he heighten sense of rage --- ( gesture to dog ) that steel trap jaw of he can deliver over two thousand pound of pressure per square inch and once he ock they into some flesh , there 's only one way to unlock they . ( motion with index finger ) you gotta stick you finger all the way up he ass and press on he prostate . ( eye - fuck mel ) you ever stick you finger up a rabid pit bull 's ass ? mel uh ... no . tony I have not . denato neither have I . denato open he trunk , pull out a pair of plastic glove and hand they to mel who put they on . unlock a steel briefcase , denato take out a certificate of deposit from the bank of scotland . the CD be seal in a clear plastic sleeve --- he hand it to mel who take the CD out of its sleeve and carefully inspect every aspect of it . he 's impressed . mel ( hand CD back ) beautiful , tony --- really . denato I get one hundred security back unit at a half a mila pop --- all vouchable through bobbie allenwood 's new shop in the bahama 's --- ( grin with pride ) stuff be so clean you 'il have at least a six month lead before anyone figure they be bullshit --- mel whaddya want ? denato nine and a half on the dollar , cash . mel I will give you four million --- for all of it . when can you deliver they ? denato ( in a state of shock&awe ) uh , couple of week --- 37 . mel call I when they be ready and we will arrange the meet ... mel and boyle begin to head back when denato hurriedly close everything up in he trunk and scurries after they . denato hey , mel --- mel --- lemme ask you -- if the arab 's really get that kind of money , where 's he gonna put it all once he get it out of the desert ? mel someplace where it can earn for he --- denato Atlantic City , mel ... you know they just legalize gambling there --- mel yeah --- I spend my birthday lose my ass at the table at resort ... denato you along with every other hump in the tri-state area . resort be project they first year drop to e over two hundred mile . that 's more than any joint 's ever make anywhere 1 in the story of the world . mel that 's 11 change once some other joint open up --- denato no , you see as thing stand there be not go to be any other casinos open up . mel how be that possible ? denato Jersey game law require a joint be approve twice by the casino Control Commission --- the first license before they start construction and only after they be do , a permanent license to operate . so here you have get the bank be ask to invest 80 mile in construction without know if the casino 's gonna ' get they permanent license --- and that 's all she write . no one 's willing to put up the money cause of the risk of a default if the permanent license be deny . boyle what about the teamster ? mel and denato turn to boyle , both surprised by he sudden leap into the discussion . 38 . denato uh uuh . Department of Labor stripped the trustee of they control over the pension --- ( beat ) everyone 's scramble to find a white knight and they be witling to do whatever it take to hire he money . you could whack up the interest rate , take a stake in the joint , a piece of the skim , whatever --- boyle interesting ... mel ( glaring at boyle ) no . it be not --- cause the Sheik be not a schmuck and there 's no way he 's gonna risk he cash without _the guarantee of the permanent license --- denato and what I be tell you be that I can get he that guarantee --- mel bullshit --- boyle take off he sunglass , he eye wide with excitement as he try to read denato . boyle how ? denato I gotta guy who own three of the key vote on the casino Control Commission . mel look , we be get way ahead of ourselves . we come here for the paper --- I do not have the authority to get into anything like Atlantic City --- boyle but I do . mel flash boyle a " what the fuck be you do " look --- which boyle ignore . boyle ( cont 'd ) ( to denato ) who 's you guy ? denato kiss my sweaty wop ass , that 's my guy . boyle I will not take this to the Sheik without a name ... denato stare at boyle for a beat , hustle he ball and wince . 39 . denato errichetti . Mayor angelo errichetti. int . hallway - federal courthouse - manhattan - early evening boyle wait on a bench across the hall from a close courtroom door . the door suddenly open and boyle stand as people start to roll out --- among they , assistant US attorney joseph '' tooch '' tuccio . head of the organize crime Strike Force for NYC 's Southern District , tuccio be a bald and stocky man in he late thirty surprise to see boyle --- the two man approach each other when suddenly a defense attorney get to tuccio first . defense attorney Joe , can not we work something out ?--- tuccio ( Jersey accent ) sure . you client either testify , or he 's on the bus to marion where he 'il be spend he day eat th the crust out of he cellmate 's shithol defense attorney c’mon , my guy 's just a accountant --- tuccio so what ? i’1l ask for the max , get it , eat a ham sandwich and then come back and do the same thing to the next asshole I catch wash cash for the colombos --- and it will not mean a goddamn thing to I cause I have get more important stuff to do with my time , like get my hair cut . on that note , tuccio walk over to boyle who 's smile . boyle Nice . tuccio it 's seven-thirty on a Friday night . do not you have a life , boyle ? a girlfriend ? something ? boyle I do not want the load right now . how be thing with you ? tuccio just a never-end river of crap --- boyle ( point just below eye know what this be ? the world 's smallest fuck tear weep for you . thirty five and already head of a organize crime Strike Force for justice --- everyone should have you problem . 40 . tuccio give boyle and smile nod . moving with the two man as they walk ... tuccio what be you do here ? boyle angelo errichetti , the Mayor of camden --- tuccio what about he ? boyle you tell I . tuccio errichetti 's about as heavy as they come in Jersey --- boyle guy 's the fuck mayor of camden --- how much weight can he possibly carry ? tuccio factor in that he 's also the most owerful senator in the state egislature and the backroom boss of the Jersey Democratic machine ... and I have say a lot ... boyle what about errichetti 's connection in Atlantic City ? tuccio he 's resort International 's velvet steamroller --- one of the ke legislator that get the gambhing referendum pass in Jersey --- boyle you think he help resort get they casino license ? tuccio somebody do . boyle why do you say that ? tuccio everyone know resort be start by meyer lansky 's group --- shit , as we speak the bahamian government be try to expropriate resort ' paradise islan Hotel for everything from money - launder to tigging game . and yet in spite of all of the overwhelming evidence against they , resort not only get a casino license , they get it before anyone --- ? tuccio can see boyle 's wheel turn ... 41. boy get any old Jersey ' suddy that can give we the inside and out on errichetti ? tuccio sure , I know a guy in the a.g. 's office --- but what 's go on Jimmy ? what be you into ? boyle ( flip tuccio a quarter ) give he a call -- find out what you can -- and then I 'il buy you that ham sandwich and tell you all about it . int . seafood restaurant - long island - day mel ( restrain rage ) you guy be un-fuck - believeable ! close on mel at a_table in a upscale restaurant , eat shrimp cocktail as he talk . also present be boyle , tuccio , grosswald , ackerman and Polk , but they be not eat . mel ( cont 'd ) I put myself out on the line , spend my own money set up a scam that get you denato --- and now you wanna piss it all away !? boyle we be not pissin ' it away , we be just double down on denato for errichetti --- mel well then denato should count as one of my bust . what 's right be right , boyle . boyle look to tuccio who nod --- then boyle nod to mel . mel ( cont 'd ) ( gesture to tuccio ) who the fuck be you again ? tuccio Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph tuccio --- I run the organize crime Strike Force , Southern District . boyle just think of he as my lawyer --- this discussion be interrupt by a ruckus at the next table where a douchebag berate he wife . this continue throughout the scene . they be all annoyed , but do nothing . boyle ( cont 'd ) I want errichetti , mel --- 42 . mel yeah ? I wanna tit-bang racquel Welch while eatin a porterhouse steak -- still do not mean it 's ever gonna happen . a waiter arrive with mel 's main course and put the dish in front of he --- it 's a lobster miss its right claw . mel ( cont 'd ) hey , what happen to the other claw ? waiter maybe he lose it in a fight with another lobster ... mel ( hand waiter the plate ) well then bring I the fuck winner . tuccio denato say he have set up the errichetti meeting --- mel we be suppose to give the guy four mile for he paper end of next week he be not gonna set up anything till he see he . grosswald for mon , we all know you could stall im --- mel even if I could , still would not matter . boyle why not ? mel Cause errichetti 's be play he game and win since you be shittin’ yellow . ( off boyle 's look ) first thing he 's gonna do be check you out . wi addya think 's gonna happen when it come back that James hoyle do not exist ? ackerman I could call Bill tager in undercover safeguard . see if he can rush a full package job for we . backstop onafide , cred ... the work . mel you guy just do not get it ? only way to bag a elephant like errichetti be to give he the big show --- grosswald for that of we that do not speak fuck mutt , you wanna translate ? 43. mel a con 's nothing more than a big Broadway show . I be talk about live theater with set and prop , costume actor , special effect . I mean boyle you see it for yourself when you come to my shop . polk it do not take a Broadway show to nait you , just some good old hard work . mel Polk , better to keep you mouth shut and just look stupid than open it and remove all doubt . polk hey , up yours mister --- mel just laugh and shake he head ... boyle will you stop with he and stay on point . I if you get the meet with errichetti , where be you gonna have it ? ackerman what difference do it make ? mel you be suppose to be repping a billionaire Sheik . errichetti 's gonna expect the presidential suite at the ritz or a swank office . he 's gonna wanna experience the Sheik 's wealth and through it the magnitude of he own impending good fortune --- and for that you need a stage . boyle say we could figure something out --- mel Fine . now where be you gonna get the money to convince he ? tuccio the bribe money will not be a problem --- mel I be not talk about the bribe money , I talk about the convincer . ( off everyone 's clueléssness ) for errichetti to be convinced that the Sheik 's real enough to bankroll casino construction you gotta show he that the arab 's sittin_on hundred of million in cash . actual cash . 44 . boyle could not we mock - up some bank account statement ---? mel fuckin ' account statement ? whaddya in the second grade ? before he ever agree to get in a room you gotta assume errichetti 's gonna call the bank , verify the Sheik 's deposit . ackerman ( after a beat good friend of mine from college be now the senior vp at chase Manhattan --- boyle can you trust he ? ackerman nod . the man exchange a look of resolve and then turn to mel for a sign of encouragement -- but get none . boyle ( cont 'd ) come on mel , this can work ... the wife of the douchebag at the table next to they succumb to she husband 's abuse and egan to cry hysterically --- just as the waiter deliver mel 's lobster overload by the insanity , mel look over to the cry wife , look at the lobster , look up at the agent -- disgust . mel all my life I be lookin ' over my shoulder worried about the fed , and for what ? if I know how fuckin’ stupid you guy really be I woulda steal the world . and with that , mel stand up and as he do , he accidentally - on - purpose knock he drink , spilling it on the douchebag . douchebag what the hell !?--- mel oh , I be so sorry . total accident . I feel terrible . listen , I ’1ll tell ya what , let I buy lunch -- ( mel cut douche off ) no , I insist --- I be take care of everything . what 's you name ? douchebag Ted . mel okay , Ted , I be gonna talk to the maitre have . so when you see I point you out to he just wave you hand so e know who I be pay for . ok ? douchebag yeah okay sure , thanks . 45 . we move with mel and the other as they cut to the front of the restaurant . mel quickly flash a look at the maitre 'd 's nametag as he approach --- mel hey Michael , you see that guy sit there --- my good friend Ted ? ( point to douche ) Ted lose a little bet so he 's pick up my tab for lunch today , okay ? when mel and the maitre 'd look at the douche , he wave back at they --- smile and nodd he head . maitre ’d no problem . mel give the maitre 'd a smile and exit . boyle and tuccio stand in the doorway , have witness the whole thing . boyle hey , you can not do that --- mel no , you can not do that . and that 's why this will never work . mel blow past they and head for he car ... ext . parking lot - seafood restaurant - long island - continuous we move with boyle and tuccio as they head for theirs ... tuccio he 's get a point , Jimmy --- Bureau 's experiment with this kind of thing before , it 's always end in disaster . boyle stop and square off with tuccio . boyle I be well aware of the risk on this one . but I mean , you yourself say that errichetti 's corrupt as fuck --- a king 's man to resort and the lansky roup --- and we both know that the amily be move into Atlantic City . this could be we backdoor into all of it . tuccio maybe --- but that 's swinging for the bleacher --- and right now , you have get tony denato set up for a buy bust that will put he away for a dime . make you look like a_ superstar . you really want to risk all that for the " what - if " of errichetti ? boyle you do not think I can handle it . tuccio it 's not that --- 46 . boyle ( angry ) . . then why be you come at I like this ?! tuccio because I be you friend . ( beat ) there be consequence to take a shot at a heavy like errichetti and miss . now I , I be not afraid to do it . I be a lawyer . I have get option beyond my tour at justice --- but the Bureau be you life Jimmy --- boyle so what ? tuccio so you be thirty year old and already on you way . in ten year you have a good shot of become a big swinging Bureau dick --- ( nod to grosswald by car ) now you see grosswald over there ? he 's the same age as you --- and in ten year he 's get a chance to be forty . ( lock eye with boyle ) I do not want you to end up be the guy with a great future behind hile ext . plaza HOTEL - manhattan - night we gaze across 5th Ave. , at the elegant Plaza Hotel . super : '' March 10th , 1979 '' int . room - command post - plaza HOTEL - continuous the small hotel room have be convert into the operation 's makeshift command center . ackerman and grosswald be quietly confer in the corner behind they , tuccio and a FBI techie be at a table on top of which be two tv monitor connect to two video recorder . on each of the monitor : a crude , low resolution , black & white image be telecast via a pinhole camera secretly lace in the suite adjoin this hotel room . we can see boyle , Polk and a few FBI techies move about . tuccio ( anxious , to techie ) can you brighten up this image so we can use this tape at the trial ? ( look back to grosswald ) what 's the eta on errichetti ? grosswald thirty -forty minute ... tuccio put on headphone connect to monitor , nudge techie . 47 . tuccio I can not hear anything ... techie adjust volume and we suddenly hear mel 's voice over the headphone . mel ( headphone ) --- fuckin ' joke ! I ask for champagne and caviar and you gimmee chop - liver , shlitz , and the shittiest suite in the joint . int . suite - plaza HOTEL - continuous the live room area of this shoe - box suite be so small and awkwardly shape it 's laughable . mel best thing I can say about you guy be that you be cheap --- mel suddenly catch sight of something --- grab a small stack of paper off the desk and angrily hold it up . mel ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be this !? polk it 's the sheik 's stationary ... mel you think a billionaire Sheik be gonna have he stationary print on xerox paper ?! shit no ! egyptian cotton ! two pound , four ply , ivory monarch . emboss , motherfucker ! boyle will you calm down ? it 's nothing --- mel no , it 's everything boyle . get it through you thick fuck skull --- it 's all in the detail ! mel drop the stack of paper on on the desk and storm out of the room . boyle flash Polk a look boyle lose the paper . int . room - command post - plaza HOTEL - a little later everyone in a pregame huddle . tuccio alright , mel , the rule of entrapment --- mel ( roll he eye ) Jesus , how many time you gonna break my ball about this ? 48 . boyle just shut up and give it to he will you ? mel ( annoyed , recite by rote ) it 's okay to put out the honey pot by tellin trric etti we be gonna pay he off for certain favor . but I can not induce he to commit specific illegal act . the fly gotta come to the honey pot outta they own volition . tuccio exactly --- without a clean admission we have get nothing . so before any money get hand to denato , errichetti need to make it clear that he 's the one ultimately get the payort in exchange for the casino license . polk uh --- the payoff be not be make directly to errichetti ? mel lemme explain Bob , cause it 's obvious that you be dumber than a box of fuckin ' hair --- denato 's the Mayor 's bagman , he insulation --- ( off Polk 's cluelessness ) if we try to give the money directly to the errichetti we 'il blow the whole show . suddenly , we hear a agent over a walkie - talkie --- FBI agent ( over walkie talkie ) Control , the package be in the lobby . the room explode with frantic activity , everyone rush into position . tuccio hustle boyle , Polk and mel to the door . int . suite - plaza HOTEL - minute later mel be anxiously pace --- boyle and Polk be sit ona couch together . there be a knock at the door and everyone stiffen up as mel answer it revealing : tony denato and mayor angelo errichetti . with he handsome , Sinatra -esque appeal , errichetti exude the kind of raw , unapologetic bravado and power reserve exclusively for a backroom boss . mel ( shake with denato ) tony --- how be ya ? ( shake with errichetti ) pleasure to finally meet you in person Mr. Mayor --- mel weinberg . errichetti it 's Angie , mel --- please . 49 . mel usher the man into the room , and by the look on they face it become very clear to everyone that they be not onl unimpress by the chickenshit set up , but put off by it . boyle and Polk approach --- greeting denato and the Mayor with smile and handshake . a denato ; and this be James hoyle , special advisor to the Sheik . erichetti James , beltway buddy of mine speak very highly of you . West Point into military Intelligence --- then dia . impressive resume for such a young man . boyle thank you , Sir --- int . room - command post - plaza HOTEL - continuous everyone crowded around the monitor --- headphone on . boyle ( on monitor ) ( gesture to Polk ) and this be Bob dolk , President of Abdul enterprise , the Sheik 's investment company . errichetti ( on monitor ) Bob , I understand you be a alum of HBS ? on monitor : Polk hesitates , unsure of what he 's talk about . tuccio ( under breath ) Harvard Business School . Harvard Business School ... errichetti ( on monitor ) ( off Polk 's silence ) Harvard Business School . polk ( on monitor ) oh , yes . of course . class of 63 . int . suite - plaza HOTEL - continuous as the man take they seat , Polk retrieve a attache case and gracelessly place it on the coffee table in front of errichetti --- and then sit himself . mel restrain he irritation at Polk . mel can see errichetti 's not sure what to make of any of it , he face a mixture of bewilderment and discomfort . mel so I assume tony 's explain what the Sheik 's intention be here . 50 . errichetti he have , mel . and let I just say that I welcome and appreciate the Sheik 's interest in Atlantic City ; which I believe be one of the great investment opportunity in the world today . beat ) , wanna know why ? off mel 's nod ) Cause life for Americans be always become , never be . Al Einstein say that , he be a fuck genius . and because it 's only a_short piece from Philly , New York , Boston , Baltimore --- ac give more gambler a chance to become somebody than any other place on Earth . boyle the Sheik could not agree with you more , and be eager to get involved . mel provide that he can overcome certain obstacle --- errichetti if the Sheik do the right thing , there will not be any obstacle , only opportunity ... mel ( gesture to attache ) he 's ready and willing to put he consideration for you on the table , Angie . but we have like to know how it 's gonna work for he --- denato fellas , we have discuss this in detail --- polk ( stiffly interrupt ) Mr. denato , if you please , we have only discuss this with you . now we have a hundred thousand dollar for Mayor errichetti and we need to hear from the Mayor exactly how he intend to guarantee we the casino license --- denato no , you please . I think ya do hear and if you do not , ya should have , cause we have be over it enough time --- in a calming gesture , the Mayor put he hand on denato . errichetti look , Bob , first rule in politics be never make a promise you can not keep . now I have be in public office for over thirty year because I always abide by that rule --- and I give ( more ) 51 . errichetti ( cont 'd ) you my word --- the Sheik will get . everything that he need in Atlantic City . alright ? int . room - command post - plaza HOTEL - continuous everyone 's eye glue to the tv monitor --- when suddenly Polk for no apparent rhyme or reason , stand up ... tuccio the hell be he do ?! int . suite - plaza HOTEL - continuous Polk awkwardly grab the attache case , lean forward --- but instead of hand it to denato , he attempt to hand it directly to errichetti --- who sit there motionless , refuse to even acknowledge the existence of the case . denato ( try to take case ) that 's suppose to go to I . ... but Polk will not let he have it --- and once again attempt to hand it to errichetti , who be visibly put off . mel Bob , whaddya do ? give tony the case . polk but this money 's for the Mayor . denato ( still grab for case ) I 'il make sure it get to the right place . refuse to relinquish the money to denato , Polk jerk the case back towards himself at which point errichetti 's have enough . disturb and piss , he stand up , grab he coat . errichetti I think everyone here have a understanding . clearly you do not . and with that , errichetti walk out of the room ... int . room - command post - plaza HOTEL - continuous everyone freeze in horror . tuccio have he hand on he head --- if he have any hair , he have be pull it out right now . tuccio this be not happen . denato ( on monitor ) what the hell be wrong with you people ? we have a agreement --- 52 . mel ( on monitor ) get up . . lemmee go talk to Angie --- I ’1ll fix everything . sit tight . on monitor : mel rush out of the room . denato ( on monitor ) . ( to Polk ) this how they teach you to do deal at Harvard ? ext . entrance - plaza HOTEL - minute later mel exit the hotel and catch up to errichetti who be about to hail a cab . mel hey , Angie --- I be sorry about how that go down . it be a total misunderstanding --- errichetti misunder stand ? I can not afford to do business with people that do not know how to do business . mel yeah , yeah , I know . but you gotta realize dolk and hoyle , this guy be square , alright ? barefoot pilgrim --- and dolk be just follow order from up on high . errichetti the Sheik tell he to do that ? mel yeah . ragheads do not like to deal with middlemen . everything 's direct . errichetti well we be not in the Middle East --- mel Angie , do not be a shmuck . I know you call chase about the Sheik 's deposit . so you know the arab 's get over four hundred million friend in the bank there . you really wanna turn you back on that kind of money ? ( off errichetti 's silence ) look , I be not suppose to tell you this , okay ? but the Sheik 's get big plan for Atlantic City . much bigger than simply financing one joint . errichetti whaddya mean ? 53 . mel he want to own the entire town : buy all the choice casino site and then offer would - be owner prepackage deal at whacked up price . everything wrap up in a bow : the land , the financing , and the gambling license . mel see errichetti 's harden face soften with greed --- and move in close for the kill . mel ( cont 'd ) all the deal would flow through you and you would get a piece , a serious piece , at both end . ( lock eye ) but first we gotta grease you , and then you casino commissioner directly . no middle man , no builshit . it 's the arab way , Angie errichetti ( after a beat ) what about denato ? mel up to you . he 's you guy , come out of you pocket ---- or not . errichetti stand in silence , not sure what he 's go to do . int . suite - plaza HOTEL - minute later denato , Polk and boyle sit in a uneasy silence . mel enter the Study and break the anxious trance . mel rony , I try talk to he . he would not listen . maybe you can get he back in the room ? denato where be he ? mel I think he catch a cab to Penn Station --- denato Jesus Christ . ( get up gesture ) gimme the case , I 11 '' see what I can oo . mel get he back in here , lemme make sure everything 's okay , and the case be yours . you get my word on that . denato storm out of the room , slamm the door behind he . collapsing into a chair , boyle deflate in " fuck I " defeat . mel ( cont 'd ) I swear to God Polk , if it be raining pussy you have get hit by a cock ... 54 . int . room - command post - plaza HOTEL - continuous __ mel ( on monitor ) --- I mean , if you know nine more thing , you would be a fuckin ' idiot --- boyle ( on monitor ) shut up , mel --- tuccio angrily turn off the volume on the monitor . tuccio Fucking disaster . unmitigate disaster --- int . suite - plaza HOTEL - continuous mel --- you be a double threat --- can not hold you tongue or you booze --- polk you do not know what you be talk about mister ! mel oh no ? you think eat onion be enough to cover that stink come outta you mouth ---? Polk finally snap with anger and lunge for mel --- but boyle be already there to stop he . polk I be sorry Jimmy - -- I do not --- we do not have the admission --- mel we have a deal ! have you just stick to it and give the case to denato , I woulda get you the admission --- boyle will you back off ? mel he have no business be on stage . with we and you know it . I want he out --- boyle out of what ?! we hand 's be play , we blow it . it 's over . mel I be glad you feel that way boyle --- mel light a cigarette , take a drag and flash boyle a grin --- mel ( cont 'd ) Cause as soon as you can accept the possibility of lose philosophically , you automatically improve you chance of win . 55 . boyle look at mel quizzically . suddenly there be a knock at the door . boyle seize up . int . room - command post - plaza HOTEL - continuous a deject tuccio quietly confer with ackerman and grosswald . grosswald look over at the monitor and see errichetti walk back into the room . grosswald ( scream whisper ) look --- errichetti 's back ---!!!! everyone recoil back into action --- rush over , put headphone on --- as errichetti march back into the room , take the attache case and sit down with a broad smile . errichetti ( over headhone ) Bob , James ... mel 's explain everything to I . so I be gonna tell you in no uncertain term , here , now --- I be in . int . suite - plaza HOTEL - continuous errichetti i’1l_ deliver the casino commissioner the license , zone variance , union concession --- everything the Sheik need will be he cause I be gonna be he fuck rabbi . I tell you --- without any bit of imagination or whatever have you --- Atlantic city ; the fuck town be ours . mel so what 's the next step ? errichetti ( get up to leave ) just sit tight --- I will have thing roll in a week . a amaze boyle flash mel a subtle grin --- he eye fill with rekindle excitement and deep gratitude . int . room - command post - plaza HOTEL - continuous everyone stare at the screen with dumbstruck smile --- like they just witness some incredible magic trick . ackerman have we give this op a name yet ? tuccio yeah . abscam . int . NYC metropolitan museum - king tut exhibition - day long shot of a egyptian pharaoh 's tomb : this massive museum gallery have be do up like a set from cleopatra --- the artifact from King tut 's tomb on display . a river of museum patron flow down the gallery 's concourse towards we --- everyone stop to look at the treasure . 56 . although we can not see they yet ... the voice of mel and max can be heard over the din of the crowd . max ( 0.s. ) you be really sick , you know that ? mel ( 0.s . ) sick how ? max ( 0.s. ) do not really matter if you be hustling for yourself or the fed , do it ? you just love the action like a junkie love he dope . mel ( 0.s. ) hey , if I have get action , it 's like anything 's possible . we suddenly see mel and Max emerge from the crowd --- they stroll down the gallery and peruse the artifact ... max just because they be force you to play do not mean you have to win . mel only the existentially terrify play reak even , Max --- and besides --- I be tell you , this thing be like '' springtime or Hitler . '' it should not have work but it do . ckling ) when he take the cash and declare , even I could not believe it . max oh no ? mel to hook a gmar tly like errichetti with the p ay we make --- ? ' cht ling ) boyle go crazy . thinks I be Harry - fuck - houdini . kid be so happy he take I out for a porterhouse at Peter luger ' S everything on he . you believe that ? max ( stop to confront mel so that 's why you never show up last night ? because you be bounce with you new playmate ? mel guy invite I out to dinner ... what be I suppose to do ? max tell he to fuck off and die ! this be the prick that ruin we life ! 57 . mel the kid 's just doin ' he job . it 's not personal . max yes it be . it could not be more personal . Max resume she stride , she face fill with anger ... mel gently grab she by the arm and stop she . mel what be it with you ? you have be act crazy for the last few month and it 's just get worse . max I do not want to do this here . mel you do not wanna do what ? ( off she silence ) come on Max . talk to I . mel see that Max 's eye be fill with a intense fear . mel ( cont 'd ) what be it ? max ( after a beat , look away ) I need some space --- away from you . mel be catch completely off guard by this revelation and it take a few beat for it to fully register .. mel so I be out here on the wire doin ' what I be doin ' cause of you --- max ( angrily interrupt ) oh do not even go there mel ! you be do this for yourself ! and with that , Max storm off and out of the gallery . ext . front step - metropolitan art museum - minute later Max emerge onto the museum step . mel chase she down . mel Max , please . you be the only erson I can be myself with --- the only one I can talk to without have to think about what I be gonna say first --- max you can pay a shrink fifty buck a hour to do that ... mel come on . you know what I mean . 58 . max no , I do not . ( lock eye with mel ) what be we without the scam ? what be I to you ? a great fuck ? a shoulder to cry on ? ( beat ) seriously mel , what be I to you ? we can see the intense fear in Max 's eye spread to mel 's . mel ( flustered ) I do not know . I mean , what be I to you ? max I ask you first . tear well up in Max 's eye as she wait for mel to answer . but he can not . leave mel on the step , Max get into a cab and disappear . ext . hilton HOTEL - JFK airport - night gazing at a massive hotel locate next to the airport . man' voice ( v.0 . ) ... as vice chair of the casino Commission , I have tremendous sway over every aspect of the license process --- int . suite - hilton HOTEL - JFK airport - continuous boyle , Polk , mel , errichetti --- and kenneth macdonald , vice chair of n.j. casino commission --- sit around a coffee table ... errichetti and he 's here to help we ... mel we be glad to hear that --- boyle ( hand bag of cash to _ macdonald ) phe Sheik appreciate people that can elp . macdonald i’1l talk to two of my fellow commissioner . you 'il be able to make the same arrangement with they --- which give you all the vote you need . errichetti and the first package I have like we to bring to the Sheik be a deal to buy and revamp the old shelburne Hotel --- ( more ) 59 . errichetti ( cont 'd ) ( hand mel picture and setup of property ) we can turn it into the swankiest joint in a.c. and do it for half the cost than anyone else . mel how ? errichetti I have give Harrison rand a piece of the action to fix thing ... boyle and mel flash each other a quick look of astonishment ... boyle do you mean Senator Harrison rand ? errichetti nod . boyle and mel 's astonishment quickly shift to restrain excitement ... errichetti Harry 's gonna push some button and get a declaratory ruling that 'il allow we to renovate the property instead of tear it down and start over . that will save forty mile right of the top . mel no shit ? match CUT to : close on tv playing surveillance video from suite : the timecode on the tape : '' May 18 , 1979 . '' errichetti ( on monitor ) yeah . Harry can do thing for we in trenton and d.c . --- he 's lifestyle . he 's beautiful . he 's with we , okay ? --- and he 's easy to handle . boyle ( on monitor ) what do you mean by that ? camera pull back to reveal : int . director' office - FBI hq - WASHINGTON , d.c . - day boyle and tuccio be seat at a conference table watch the tv monitor with lawrence houseman , the director of the FBI . super : " May 23 , 1979 - FBI headquarters , Washington d.c . " errichetti ( on monitor ) guy 's a lush and a whoremaster . Harry have fuck a snake if you hold its head for he . he 's good people --- 60 . houseman ( disgust ) just turn it off . I have read the transcript --- tuccio stop the tape . a uneasy silence overtake the table . we can see that tuccio and boyle be both very nervous in the presence of houseman and look a little out of they depth . houseman light a cigarette , take a anxious drag . houseman ( cont 'd ) errichetti 's claim about rand ...? boyle yes sir . we think they be credible . there 's too much money at stake for he to lie to we . houseman you know rand 's not only the fourth - rank Democrat in the Senate , he 's the co-chair of cjs Appropriations ... ( off they blank look ) that 's the Subcommittee that control we budget . tuccio if rand 's involved in influence peddle , it 's a federal crime --- houseman I be well aware .. but I also have to be mindful that Congress be a vengeful institution and will see this investigation as a attack . boyle this be not the first time we have target political corruption . houseman it 's the first time we have use such a radical approach ... ( get up and pace ) you be talk about push the envelope of inducement with the man that control we purse string --- and the guy who you have position to run point be a criminal whose stock and trade be bullshit ! boyle all due respect , but Mr. weinberg 's gift for bullshit be precisely why we have be so successful . houseman be you tell I that you actually trust weinberg ? boyle a tell you that I can control im . 61 . stare boyle down , houseman let that hang in the air fora few beat . he then take a seat at he desk and review a file . houseman so rand have agree to take a payoff ? boyle that 's what we have be tell --- but the caveat be that the Senator will not take until he meet the sheik face to ace . tuccio we find a agent out of the Chicago office of Saudi descent who we think can play the part . houseman when and where will the meet take place ? tuccio well , what 's be discuss be not exactly a meeting , sir . ( beat ) Mayor errichetti want to throw a come - out party for the sheik in Atlantic City . houseman ( incredulous ) a come out party ? boyle along with the Senator , all the key player would be there ; casino owner union leader , politician , organize crime element --- tuccio ; it could be a intelligence jackpot for we --- houseman lean back in he chair , anxiously run he hand through he hair . houseman what kind of resource would you need ? boyle we would need you to designate abscam a " Bureau special " houseman ( after a consider beat ) you will coordinate everything through my office --- and I want to see al . of you intel as it become available --- ( look at tuccio ) but I trust you will be circumspect about what it be you be show I . be we clear ? ; tuccio yes sir . 62 . houseman Fine . now go to work . tuccio and boyle stand up to leave . boyle Sir , there be one more thing . Mayor errichetti have request that the sheik deposit two million dollar in a account at he friend 's bank --- tuccio it would be a personal favor to the Mayor . if do this , the bank will give he a sweetheart loan on a house he want to buy in boca raton , Florida . houseman be this a ask or a demand ? boyle it 's a ask . but we think the gesture could buy we a tremendous amount of goodwill and credibility . houseman table it until after the party . I want to see what the Mayor do for we before we do for he . int . live room - mel 's house - afternoon it 's pour rain outside . the house be still completely unfinish . birthday decoration in the live room . mel 's drink a beer and set up a brand new atari 2600 videogame system . we can see that he 's put on about fifteen pound --- and the accumulate stress of the past few month --- it 's all in he face . hear a car pull into the driveway , mel rush to turn the tv and game on . estelle , Willie and he two best friend come in through the front door . mel smile with anticipation as Willie , he friend and estelle enter the room . they be all surprised to see he . Willie flip out over the atari . willie aww man , no way ! I think my present be the knick game ? mel yeah well , that too . happy birthday boychick . willie ( give mel a big hug ) thanks pop. estelle glare at mel . the tension between they be heavy . 63 . int . kitchen - mel 's house - minute later estelle 's make sandwich . mel come in , open the fridge , grab another beer . estelle I wish you would not drink in front of he friend . EL come on , you don " t think they have see they father drink a beer ? mel crack open the beer , take a sip . _ estelle I think we do not have money for extras --- like videogame . mel we do not . but it 's he birthday --- estelle some birthday --- we can not even have a proper party for we son --- because I be too embarrassed for he friend ' arent to see how we be live --- ike a bunch of shlump --- mel you really wanna start ? the phone on the kitchen counter start to ring . she answer . estelle ( into phone ) hello ? yeah , just a moment --- estelle hand the phone to mel. mel ( into phone ) yeah --- ( suddenly tense up ) tony ? --- yeah --- why y you call I at ome ? --- whaddya to king about ? --- I can not , it 's my kid 's birthday why can not this wait until tomorrow ? --- tony , you need to calm down . we hear denato scream over the phone line and see mel 's face tighten with fear . mel ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) no --- I 'il meet you someplace halfway --- there 's a bowl joint outside Freeport , Victory lane , right off the 27 --- 5:30 --- tony , you be lay this on I at the last minute . I do not know if I can get hoyle there , he 's a busy guy --- mel hang up the phone , a worried look on he face . he look over to estelle , who have hear everything and be furious . estelle I do not believe you --- 64 . you really think . fh d be do this if it be not that important ? estelle more important than you son ? you family ? mel I gotta serious problem . I gotta meet this guy --- estelle what problem ?! what guy ? what be you do , mel ? mel oh , so now you suddenly care ? estelle I have always care --- mel do not hand I that . my comin ' and goin ' never bother you before --- as long as the money be rollin ' in --- but now that time be a little rough you wanna know everything !? mel move towards the door to exit the kitchen --- but estelle step in front of he , prevent he from leave . estelle I just wanna know when it 's gonna get better , mel . when can we finish the house ? ( lock eye with mel ) when be thing gonna be like they be ? mel estelle , please --- it 's all gonna be okay --- but you just gotta trust I --- estelle trust you ? ever since you close London investor , it 's like you be not even you anymore . ; / mel you be be crazy . estelle you do not think I hear you in you office lie to that people you talk to on the phone ? talk about the sheik 's private jet --- go to geneva , London ? it 's all lie . you be not in business with some zillionaire arab Sheik . mel you do not know what you be talk about --- 65 . estelle I do not ? well then how come we be live like we be on the edge ? I mean where 's all the Sheik 's hundred of million ? mel it 's lock up in the bank in he country ! I be helpin ' he get it --- estelle ( cut he off , gesture ) just stop . there 's a devastating silence between they . estelle ( cont 'd ) look , mel , what you and I get , I know it 's not some big love affair --- it 's a respect for each other --- that 's what 's make we marriage work for the past fifteen year . ( tear in she eye ) but you can not have respect without trust . we can see mel want to confess but just can not do it . mel everything that I be do right now , I be do for we family . estelle how be I suppose to know that when I have get no idea what you be do ? mel it 's complicated . estelle then explain it to I . give I something . mel ( angry frustration ) I can not . not right now . estelle stand aside to allow mel to walk out of the room . ext . victory lane bowling alley - long island - later high angle over a bowl alley situate along a two - lane highway . it 's still raining . we see mel pull into the lot , park get out of the car and enter the bowl alley . moment later , a brown cadillac El dorado roll into the parking lot and park next to mel 's car int . cadillac EL dorado - parking lot - continuous we can see that Polk be strung out with anxiety . reaching into he glovebox , he grab a small bottle of whiskey and take a few big swig . Polk then pull a onion out of a brown bag , bite into it , and chew . 66 . int . bar - victory lane bowling alley - minute later a empty shot - to-shit bar overlook the vacant lane . mel take a seat across from denato at a table in the back . both man glare at each other unhappily . denato be hoyle come ? mel he 's in DC on business _but dolk should be here . and I can tell you right now he 's not happy about the shit you be pull . denato the shit that I be pull ?! first you fuck blow I off_on my CD ... now I find out you deal directly with errichetti , cut I out of the thing that I set up --- and I be the asshole ? mel no one 's cut you out of anything , tony . you just gotta understand that --- denato no , you gotta understand , weinberg ... denato lean back to hustle he ball and reveal a belly - holster revolver . denato ( cont 'd ) . that I be a guy best leave unfucked with . mel Jesus . no one 's gonna fuck with you . now put that away will ya ? they see Polk enter the far side of the lounge and approach . denato put the gun in he jacket pocket . polk gentlemen --- ( take off raincoat ) I 'il be right back , I just need to use the john . hanging he coat on the chair , Polk head for the bathroom . mel look , tony , we be all businessman here . we be gonna get this thing straighten out --- Polk 's coat suddenly slide off the chair and drop to the ground . mel ( cont 'd ) ... but you gotta gear down . I mean dolk 's a civilian , a square - -- 67 . close on denato : he lean down under the table , out of mel 's line of sight and grab the tail of the coat --- roughly pick it up --- cause a wallet to fall out of a pocket . mel ( 0.s. ) ( cont would you try to put the fear on he a flash you piece ? he will flip out -- mel see denato rise back up and lock eye with he --- a homicidal expression on he face . denato you know I know where you hang you hat , right mel ? where you wife and kid sleep ? mel what the fuck tony ? why would you say something like that ? denato answer he question by hold up a open wallet and revealing --- polk 's FBI badge and id --- he other hand be on the gun inside he pocket and he 's point it at mel. denato get up . we be leave . mel 's initial shock and horror be quickly overpower by a all - consume rage -- he suddenly erupt to he foot but instead of head for the exit , he march towards the bathroom . denato ( cont 'd ) mel --- 2 ?! --- mel !!! int . bathroom - victory lane bowling alley - moment later close on polk : at a urinal stall in the midst of flush --- oo when mel suddenly and savagely smashes he face first in the steel piping above the urinal . blood spurt out of Polk 's nose as he drop to the floor ina shellshocked daze . mel continue he brutal beat down as he viciously stomp Polk in the stomach and solar plexus . denato enter and be stunne , confuse and alarmed to find mel whaling on the bloody , semi-conscious FBI agent ... denato the fuck you do !? mel the fuck do it look like ? ( stomp Polk ) whatever he 's get , it 's shit without he testimony . now gimme you piece . denato you_ can not whack a fuck feeb ! not while I be around ! mel help I or not tony --- I be gonna tell everyone that you do . 68 . mel drop down to he knee , get Polk in a strangle - hold and begin choke he out . in a panic , denato rush over , grab from behind and pull he off Polk --- use denato 's momentum , mel drive the bastard backwards hammer he into the sink counter --- then grab denato 's ankle and sweep he off he foot --- denato 's head smack the counter - top as he and mel fall to the floor mel flip over and try to pin denato down while reach for he pockete gun . denato counter the attack by grab mel 's ball and squeezing --- mel scream --- look over to Polk who be come to --- mel ( cont 'd ) Bob --- he 's gotta gun ... denato 's eye go wide with shock and fury as he suddenly realize that mel 's attack on Polk be bullshit . Polk move to help --- and mel use the distraction to grab the gun out of denato 's pocket ... denato smack the gun out of mel 's hand --- the revolver slide across the bathroom floor --- out of reach of everyone . as Polk go for the gun , denato brutally hammer he elbow into mel 's esophagus --- sputter off of denato , mel struggle to breathe --- denato scramble to he foot and bolt out of bathroom --- just as Polk grab hold of the gun --- mel ( cont 'd ) ( wheeze to Polk ) he 's get you badge - -- Polk explode out of the bathroom in pursuit of denato . ext . parking lot - victory lane bowling alley - second later Polk blow out the backdoor , see denato make a mad dash for he black Seville --- about sixty yard ahead of Polk -- and be almost there --- Polk point the gun at denato 's back and scream --- polk stop !! ignoring the warning , Polk watch as denato reach he car and be about to grab the door --- Polk squeeze off two quick shot --- bam --- bam --- the bullet whizzing by denato --- too close for comfort --- he freeze , put he hand up in a surrender gesture . polk ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) get on you knee ! lock you hand behind you head ! denato drop to he knee and lock he hand behind he head . 69 . as Polk begin to carefully approach denato , mel suddenly come barrel out of the bowl alley 's back door . look ahead , he see Polk slowly move in on denato --- and out of the corner of mel 's eye , he also see grosswald and ackerman rush towards they from a cover car park across the highway , they gun in hand . moving with polk : he 's draw closer to denato --- when suddenly denato reach for the handle of the Seville 's back door --- open it --- denato' pitbull explode out of the car like a bullet froma gun --- and make a rabid blitz straight for Polk --- completely unprepare , Polk be only able to squeeze off one shot at the charge dog --- which miss --- before the beast pitch into he --- ramming Polk to the ground with so much Force it cause he to drop the gun . the pit begin to viciously maul he --- jumping into the Seville , denato start the engine and kick up a spitstorm of mud as he spin he car around and head for the ighway . mel , grosswald and ackerman rush to help Polk --- int . denato' seville - continuous denato peel out of the parking lot and just before hit the highway , take a quick glance into he rear-view mirror he see he pit bull go berserk on Polk --- denato cut a grin of pride --- just as --- the thundering blast of a approach truck 's airhorn overtake the moment --- look out he driver 's side window with horror , denato see a kenworth semi barreling toward he full bore --- and that 's all she write --- there 's no time for denato to do anything but close he eye before the cataclysmic impact ... ext . parking lot - victory lane bowling alley - continuous as mel , grosswald and ackerman continue to rush towards Polk --- behind they we see the kenworth ram into denato' seville with devastating violence --- Polk 's scream of agony overtaken by the sound of screeching brake --- exploding glass --- crumping , shear metal --- all three man stop to look as the semi wade deep into the driver 's side of the Seville , finally flipping it over on its roof and send it slide down the rain-slicked highway ... until both vehicle finally come to a stop --- at which point --- Polk 's scream regain they attention and the man resume they dash towards he ... angle close on polk : he and the pit bull be wildly thrashing about in the mud --- Polk punch and claw the pit bull 70 . which have its jaw lock deep into he leave thigh --- blood gush out --- grosswald and ackerman be the first to arrive on the scene , quickly follow by mel . polk get it off I ! grosswald try to get a clean shot on the dog and be about to take it --- but ackerman suddenly stop he --- ackerman a forty - five slug will go right through the dog and into Bob . grosswald what do we do ? mel you gotta stick you finger up its ass , press on its prostate . grosswald what ! ? mel only way to get it to unlock its jaw ! stick you finger up its ass --- overwhelm by the suggestion , the agent hesitate --- and so mel act . jumping down on top of Polk and the dog he cringe with disgust as he jam he finger up the pit bu i's ass and press as hard as he can . the pit bull 's eye go wide with alarm , the abrupt anal intrusion cause the dog to release its grip on Polk 's thigh --- as Polk roll out of the way , the pit bull lash back and move to attack mel --- but be stop dead in its track by a bullet from grosswald 's gun --- a quick beat of silence and inaction as the dust settles . ackerman take he belt off , and tighten it around Polk 's thigh use it as a tourniquet . | ackerman just hang tight , Bob . help 's on the way . mel get up and head for denato 's car . grosswald follow . angle on highway crash site : the shake truck driver be approach the Seville . mel and grosswald overtake he . grosswald ( to trucker ) just sit down on the side of the road till the paramedics get here . angle close on the decimate seville : mel and grosswald lean down , look inside , and see denato 's crumpled , mutilate body lie there motionless . grosswald reach in , pull denato through the shattered window , then check for a pulse . 71 . see the grim expression on grosswald 's face , mel know that denato be dead . he shut he eye in dread and shake he head . grosswald ( cont 'd ) what the fuck happen in there ? mel reach into denato 's pocket , pull out polk FBI badge and hand it to grosswald . cover in a cold sweat and green with nausea , mel get up stagger towards he car . grosswald ( cont 'd ) mel , where you go !? mel do not answer , just get into he car and peel away . ext . chelsea HOTEL - manhattan - later that night gazing down the street , we see mel walk down the block and enter the chelsea . int . lobby - chelsea HOTEL - continuous mel hold he jacket close , hide he bloodstain shirt . High anxiety in he eye , like he 's on the verge of a breakdown . he approach the front desk manager . mel can you ring room 708 --- miss gardner ? the desk manager , clearly put off by the state mel 's in , give he a suspicious glare and then look at he guest log . manager I be sorry but miss gardner be no longer stay with we . this revelation hit mel like a sledgehammer to the gut . mel whaddya mean she 's not here ?! when do she check out ? manager I be sorry sir , but we be not allow to divulge that information . mel angrily pull out a C - note , and slip it to the manager mel when ? | manager five week ago . mel do she leave a forward address ? manager ( after check ) no , she do not . mel stagger away from the desk in shell - shocked despair . 72 . ext . burnside bathhouse - long island - later that night boyle pull _in behind a grey crown VIC which be park behind mel 's lincoln . get out , boyle walk over to the Vic inside of which be two FBI agent . boyle how long have he be in there ? driver agent Bout a hour --- int . steambath - burside bathhouse - minute later clad in a towel , mel sit hunch forward on a bench --- sweat it out in the Russian banya style steambath . boyle enter , also wear a towel . he spot mel through the wet haze and take a seat next to he . boyle you okay ? mel look up at boyle before return to he hunch position . boyle ( cont 'd ) look , before we get into everything , I just want to say --- ( lock eye with mel ) what you do , for Polk , the operation --- you really show we something and I just --- J ( offer he hand , sincere ) thanks mel ... really ... mel do not shake . turn on the cold water tap next to he , he fill a bucket and dunk the water over himself . mel I do what I do for I and my family --- end of story . boyle really ? what would you pull the pit off Polk have to do with you family ? ( off mel 's silence ) look_man , what go down tonight be completely fuck up --- should have never happen --- mel tonight be pre-ordained ! how many time do I tell you about Polk ? boyle and I be take he out of the game , effective immediately --- mel Point be , he should not have be play in the first place and you fuck know it --- 73 . boyle Polk 's get almost twenty year on the job and I be suppose to back you against he !? mel spare I this bound by allegiance crap cause I be out here in the real world . this be life and death and you guy could fuck up a cup of coffee . ( dunk himself with another water bucket ) freak accident --- fuckin ' mack truck , that 's all that stop thing from go from bad to worse . ( beat ) what appen the next time ? boyle we have be do the best we can with what we have get , but that 's all go to change now . mel how ? boyle let 's get dress --- I want to show you something --- ext . vesco townhouse - a little later boyle park across the street from a elegant , four story townhouse locate on 69th between fifth Ave . and madison . the two man exit the car . mel follow boyle to the townhouse 's front door . mel what be this place ? boyle ( unlock front door ) use to belong to Robert vesco --- Bureau seize all he asset when he fle the country --- int . vesco townhouse - foyer - continuous although the place be dormant , both man be wow by the size and grandeur of the sumptuous ly decorate townhouse ... mel what be we do here ? boyle this be we new home , the Sheik 's new home --- ( off mel 's stunne glare ) we hit the major , mel. abscam have be make a " bureau special . " mel that suppose to mean something to I ? 74 . boyle it mean anything we want , we get . this op be now_a top priority . Fucking director himself be oversee . boyle take out a envelope , hand it to mel . mel open it and pull out a check for $ 5,000 . boyle ( cont 'd ) you monthly salary --- at first mel be stunne --- but then he just shake he head with dismay . boyle ( cont 'd ) hey , do not tell I it 's not enough cause that 's more than twice what I get pay ... mel you just do not get it , do you ? the money be not the issue . boyle then what ? mel ( after a beat ) I be a con merchant for over two decade --- tonight be the close I have ever come to gettin ' clipped first time I ever saw a guy get kill . thirteen year of marriage and never once have estelle ever suspect that I be into anything shady --- not until I start up with you . I mean here I be work with the good guy and now she think I be up to no good . and then hey '' beat Max break thang off --- boyle ( interrupt ) you and Max split up ? mel she skip town without even n let I know where she be go . boyle why do not you say something ? mel Cause fuck you . that 's why you_could give a shit about the problem I get . boyle that 's not true --- mel so you 's be my new best friend , be that it , le ? my compadre ? I do not even know W io you be ! 75 . boyle and what do you want to know ? that I come from a family of drunk ? that my hobby be beat off , tegestology and take long walk on the fuck beach ? that I get nobody and nothing except for the job ? a awkward beat between the man ... mel what the hell be tegestology ? boyle coaster . I collect beer coaster . mel ( amusingly disturb ) you be right boyle , the less I know about you the better --- boyle will you stop break my ball !? this thing be turn into the Bureau 's biggest investigation but I can not do it without you ... mel Bet that must drive you fuckin ' crazy . boyle you have no idea . mel look , I appreciate you come through on the case - dough but --- boyle ( cut mel off ) but what ? come on man --- what do I need to do to make thing right ? mel flash boyle a pregnant look ext . mel 's house - long island , NY - day a black limo , pull up to mel 's house . a chauffeur get out and open the door for boyle who be clad in a sport coat and slack . as boyle approach the front door , it open and Willie be the first to come out dress in a sport coat and slack . boyle ( shake hand ) I be Jimmy . willie Willie weinberg . ( notice the limo ) wow . be that you car ? 76 . mel ( step out the door ) no , it 's the sheik 's limo . but Mr. hoyle here get to use it . willie cool ! never be in a sheik 's limo before . mel why do not you go check it out ... Willie run over and disappear into the limo . mel ( cont 'd ) glad you could make it , Jimmy . estelle step out the front door look prettier than we have ever see she and greet boyle with a warm smile . boyle hello --- I be James hoyle --- estelle ( eagerly shaking hand estelle . it 's really such a pleasure to finally meet you in person --- mel yeah , estelle be beginning to think you do not exist . estelle ( embarrassed smile ) stop it . a awkward beat , boyle clearly uncomfortable with the charade . mel ( head towards limo ) come on , we be gonna be late --- estelle ( follow with boyle ) do you enjoy horse racing ? mel 's just crazy about the pony . never miss open day at belmont since I have know hile ext . belmont racetrack - day various angle of open day at belmont racetrack --- the ringing of the open bell ! horse erupting from the gate --- hoove mashing through dirt --- scramble and fight for position on the one- mile oval --- int . belmont room - belmont racetrack - continuous a elegant , member only club / bar / restaurant --- with huge glass window which overlook the finish line . mel_ and Willie be stand at the window , watch the horse roll into the final stretc behind they , estelle and boyle be seat at a table watch father and son as they horse come 77 . in_ --- and they both go crazy --- we can see this pure joy on mel 's face to be with he son --- a ebullient mel and Willie come back to the table . mel can my boy pick them or can my boy pick ‘em ? willie how much do we win ? mel well , he be a false favorite at 6 - 1 , and we bet a hundred buck ... so how you gonna figure that out , champ ? Willie try to figure it out the math on a napkin - -- willie six hundred buck ! mel you wanna collect ? or you wanna lay ? willie I roll with you pop . mel ( smile wink at estelle ) we will be back in a little while . boyle and estelle watch they walk towards the betting window . boyle it 's nice to see this side of you husband . estelle nod ) this be the side I marry . boyle he really seem like a wonderful father . estelle he be , when he 's around --- ( point at boyle ) which have not be much lately --- boyle yes , well I be sorry about that --- mel 's be work very hard --- estelle do what , exactly ? boyle uh --- mel help we find worthy business opportunity to invest in . he 's a tremendous asset to we organization --- ( more ) 78 . boyle ( cont 'd ) ( lock eye with estelle ) I be sure you would be very proud of the work he 's do . int . cashier' window - belmont racetrack - minute later mel 's wait in line at the cashier 's window with Willie . mel ( show the racing form ) this be my pick for the fifth --- whaddya think ? willie I like daddy longleg . mel he 's a roughy ! look at the stat on he . willie yeah , but he name be cool . mel laugh when suddenly a hand come down on mel 's shoulder . mel spin around and see dominic casele and sonny blitz . dom hey , there he be --- openin ' day at belmont --- I know you be gonna be here --- how be ya , mel ? mel okay , dom --- dom okay 's okay . you be a tough man to get a_hold of mel . I be reachin ' out , leave a few message . mel yeah , and I --- dom when I call , it 's for a reason . we need to talk . mel look , dom , I get my kid and the wife with I . it 's almost post time . how bout I come down tomorrow . dom no , now. ( grab mel by the arm ) this will not take long . bring the kid . int . paddock - horse staging area - minute later a wide green open lawn area where the horse be saddle and keep before post time . as dom pace in front of mel --- mel watch anxiously as sonny blitz chaperone 's Willie amongst the jockey and horse . 79 . dom have not see you_in a_long time , mel . never call back let alone call --- stop kickin ' up . mel I think you understand . I mean I shut down London cause the heat be all over I . last thing I want to do be get any of it near you . so I stay away , be lay low . dom so this thing you get go with the arab . you call that layin ' low ? mel no , no , dom . you get it all wrong . dom do I ? Cause I will tell you , mel -- few month back when I hear about you showin ' up at stella 's with this fuckin ' sheik , whoever -- I think for sure you be runnin ' a ringer on a new scam . I do not know what , but something ' --- mel it 's not like that --- dom so you be go on record with I , this deal with the arab be legit ? mel due respect , but what do any of it gotta do with you ? dom I will tell you what . I gotta call from somebody -- in my fuckin ' life -- I never think I would hear from . okay ? never want to hear from . and this somebody be askin ' I ' bout you , mel . mel who ? dom far_as you be concerned , might as well be Satan himself ! might as well be fuckin' God almighty ! that 's who and how heavy -- and he want to know if this deal with the arab be for real . mel dom - - - 80 . dom ( cut he off ) before you open you mouth I want you to listen . if you be into something ' you should not be , workin ' one of you " special " . this be you one fuckin ' chance to get out clean . just tell I and that will be that . the gravity of the situation weigh on mel as he gaze out and see sonny blitz with he son . after a long beat .. mel no misunderstanding dom . I mean , we be buy , not sell --- dom so you be goin ' on record with I ? mel yeah , the Sheik be for real . dom okay , mel. well , then there be some friend of ours that wanna have a sit down with he when he come in for the Atlantic City party next month . mel what friend ? dom the guy that call I about you --- be the guy that run the table --- in Vegas , in a.c . --- everywhere ... the realization of who dom be talk about seize mel like a vice . mel the Little man ? dom ( nodd ) lansky 's send he heir apparent , Arthur Zelnick to sit down with the Sheik --- mel I do not know if he will deal directly with this guy --- dom well then you need to explain how thing work to he mel . if the Sheik want to play in a.c. , he 's gotta meet with Zelnick and they gotta come to a understanding . . ( whistle at blitz , wave he over ) . you hear what I be say ? mel yeah . 81 . dom they ' 11 be in touch . dom leave and blitz join he . Willie come over to he father and can see that he 's shake . willie who be that guy pop ? mel nothing , nobody . but let 's keep this between we . ext . mel' house - long island , NY - later that night the limo be in front of mel 's house . everyone 's out of the car Willie shake hand with boyle and head for the house . boyle estelle , it be a pleasure meeting you . thanks for a wonderful afternoon . estelle I be so glad you could join we --- and I hope we can do this again soon . estelle give gammy a hug and kiss and then trail after Willie , let he into the house . then boyle angrily snap on mel . boyle can not believe I let you drag I into you bullshit . one of the worst thing I have ever do --- like I wanna go home and take a shower . you have a beautiful family --- you have to tell they mel ... mel I be . boyle when ? ; ; mel tonight , right now --- cause I be do boyle . boyle done with what ? mel . you , the operation , this whole thing --- I be out . boyle eye mel for a beat , and see that he 's dead serious --- and suddenly he indignation shift to alarm . boyle be this cause of what I just say ? mel dominic casale cornere I at the track today --- this be cause of what he say --- 82 . ext . FBI headquarters - WASHINGTON DC - day hard rain be fall over the DC and the FBI building . int . conference room - FBI headquarters - continuous boyle , mel and tuccio sit silently at the table , wait ... mel look about as comfortable as a priest in a pussyhouse . on the wall behind boyle and tuccio be a large FBI insignia under which be the word : " fidelity , bravery , and integrity . " the door suddenly swing open and in march FBI director houseman --- all business , no time to waste . both boyle and tuccio stand , mel do not . houseman good morning gentleman --- waving the man to sit , houseman take a seat next to mel . houseman ( cont 'd ) I have to be on the Hill in thirty so let 's get to it , shall we ? mel absolutely --- no. fuck no . houseman Excuse I ? mel the answer be no --- as in I be do . houseman mister weinberg , I understand that you have some trepidation in continue this operation but the work you have be do be important --- and give this latest development it 's become even more vital --- mel ey , you wanna continue , I be all for t -- so long as it be not with I . houseman abscam do not work without you , mel --- and with it we have a rare opportunity t c bex of make a last impact on organize rime and political corruption . surely this must mean something to you . mel give houseman a " not really " shrug . houseman ( cont 'd what if we be to offer you a fifteen thousand dollar bonus for every case you make from here on out --- plus a additional one hundred thousand once the trial be do --- 83 . mel there 's no amount of money you can ay I to line up against a emperor e meyer lansky or he people --- you be talkin ' suicide . houseman the Bureau can protect you and you family --- mel yeah , okay --- I will pass . houseman lean back in he chair and eye mel like a butcher size up a piece of uncut meat . houseman you plea agreement specifies five case . you have only make four mel you be right --- and if you wanna send I to shit city , so be it --- I will do the three year . houseman Three year ? well , when all be say and do I think it 's go to be considerably longer than that mel --- boyle and tuccio flash each other a look , troubled by this turn . mel whaddya talkin ' about ? --- my sentence stipulation be sign off on by a Federal judge . it 's permanent . houseman it 's permanent , for now . mel yeah , okay , you wanna try to fuck with my deal ? Fine . I will see you in court . houseman I have no intention of " fuck " with you deal " , but what I be go to do be out you to every 2 - 0 - 9 on the East coast , and make sure the street know that you have be cooperate with the Bureau on several high profile 0.c. op . then I be go to contact the editor of every major paper in the country --- and have they run a story about you on the front page of they business section which will describe in detail you criminal exploit and accomplice --- like miss gardner --- and urge anyone that 's be defraud by one of you scam to contact the justice depar tmemoney 84 . houseman ( cont 'd ) ( lean forward ) give you talent I have no doubt the phone will be ringing off the hook . one month and we will have enough case and evidence to put you and you confederate away for life --- ( hardcore ) although I doubt dominic casale will ever let you get to trial . tuccio and boyle be stunne and appal by houseman 's tactic . / _ boyle Sir , please , be this really necessary ? houseman ( snap at boyle ) yes it be agent boyle , but you most definitely be not . mel chortle cynically and gesture to the word on the wall --- mel fidelit bravery , integrity , huh ? buncha bullshit . ~-- 's houseman it 's up to you --- either continue with abscam and play to the best of you ability or do not and suffer the consequence --- mel I do not know what make you such a hateful fuck , Larry --- but whatever it be , it really work ... houseman I understand this be difficult , mel --- and I do not blame you for be upset --- but when it come to protect the foundation of we democracy --- ( dry , almost empathetic smile ) be ... sometimes you need to take it in the ass for the team . and with that houseman get up and exit --- jeave mel sit there look like he 's on the edge of a full - on meltdown . tuccio mel --- mel ( mutter to himself ) I gotta get outta here --- mel get up and start staggering towards the door . boyle jump out of he chair and cut mel off . mel ( cont 'd ) outta my fuckin ' way or I will lay you out right here and now ! 85 . boyle mel , you gotta believe that Joe and I have no idea this be come . mel the fuck 's the difference ? it come . mel try to get past boyle and boyle push he back . mel ( cont 'd ) ( desperate ) boyle , please , I gotta get outta here . boyle where you gonna go ? mel anywhere . somewhere . just away from you douchebag . boyle ( after a heavy beat ) Max be at the beverly Hills Hotel . mel what ---? how do you know ? boyle I make some call . reached out to a few people . mel you do that for I ? boyle yeah . ( beat ) take the rest of the week but you get to be back on Monday . mel do not say anything , just blow out the door ext . beverly hill HOTEL - early morning we see a cab pull up to the front of the big pink hotel . a valet open the door and mel get out . int . FOURTH floor hallway - bh HOTEL - minute later as mel stroll down the hall , look for the right room number he approach a_housekeep cart , see a key ring hang from a hook and deftly swipe it . finally find the room , mel unlocks the door and we move with he as he enter ... int . HOTEL suite - bh HOTEL - continuous mel step into the dimly light diving room area of the suite . a few shaft of early morning sunlight illuminate this disaster area_strewn with the rubble of a all night party . Champagne bottle , dirty dish , cigarette butt , a mirror dust with blow on 's the coffee table . look round , mel suddenly become aware of the sicken , gargly snore of a man emanating from the bedroom . 86 . we move with he as he follow the snore into ... the bedroom : where mel be stupefy and disgust by the grisly sight of max in bed with wayne newton . both be splay on either side of the bed , crash out cold and completely naked . and let I just say this before we continue ... Wayne Newton have the most disgusting bitch - titte body you have ever see in you life . just fuck revolting . gazing at Max for a few beat , the party fatigue and depression be evident on she face . mel walk over to Newton and nudge he to wake up but get no response . so mel smack he on the cheek . guy sti 1 will not wake up --- but the smack rouse Max , who lean up and be shocked and mortify to find mel there . mel hiya , pussycat . max this be not what it look like . mel ( bittersweet chuckle ) it never be for we , be it Max ? max what be you do here ? mel well , I have be thinkin' . thinkin ' bout that question you ask I before you leave --- max mel --- mel ( cut she off you be my anchor . and I do not know it till you be go but without you --- I be adrift . ae max . this be insane , you be insane --- I mean I appreciate you tell I , but --- mel but what ? look at yourself , you be just as lose without I as I be without you . max I be fine --- mel come on Max . there 's one mark you can never beat --- that 's the mark inside . mel can see Max 's facade begin to break ... 87 . mel ( cont 'd ) you be right about the feebs --- about everything --- max ( bittersweet ) well , no matter what happen in life there 's always some asshole who know it would --- huh mel ? mel I need you max. ( beat ) and I need you help . max with what ? mel ( sly grin , raise eyebrow ) gettin ' back to my root . ( beat ) come back to New York with I . a beat as mel and Max stare at each other , silently try to find reconciliation in each other 's eye --- when suddenly --- Newton , with a sickening snarl , inexplicably convulse back into consciousness and recoil into a upright position --- terrify and confuse to see mel stand in front of he . mel ( cont 'd ) Wayne fuckin' Newton . man just gotta say . you seriously have the most disgusting body I have ever see . wayne newton who be you ? mel you arch - fuckin' - enemy . fturaing to Max ) so whaddya say , pussycat ? you hook ? max ( ebullient smile ) heavy as lead . ext . atlantic CITY airport - atlantic CITY , NJ - day a stately , black mercede limo with diplomatic flag wait on the tarmac --- park in the middle of a presidential - look motorcade complete with police escort . super : " July 8 , 1979 - Atlantic City " mel , boyle , errichetti and four FBI Agents pose as the Sheik 's personal bodyguard stand outside the limo watch as a lear jet land and begin to taxi towards they ... errichetti the two mile I be ask you to deposit in the boardwalk Bank , have you clear it with the Sheik yet ? 88 . ; boyle we be work on it , Angie errichetti you keep tellin ' I that but nothin 's happen I mean what 's at issue ? all I be talkin ' about be just parking some money in a account . boyle dolk be the issue but now that he 's be transfer to the London , thing be gonna be different . errichetti well thank God for that . it 's not that I be try to be pushy --- but for I to do certain thing for you --- mel we be gonna get the two mile for you , Angie . you can bank on that . errichetti good ... so , uh , what --- how do I address he ? you eminence ? boyle they call he shake , we call he Sheik . mel Sheik --- call he Sheik --- errichetti I be gonna say my friend , hello my friend ... the jet pull up to the motorcade , kill its engine , open its door and the stair drop out . boyle and mel enter the jet . int . lear jet - continuous they find the FBI agent who be play the part of the Sheik --- special agent SAM shaddabi , a 30 - something arab whose proud bear give he a noble appeal . shaddabi be wear a regal - look keffiyeh headdress and white thobe ( for the purpose of clarity , agent shaddabi will be refer to in the script as_ " FBI sheik " ) agent ackerman and three other FBI Agents be also on the plane . boyle _ ( shake with fbi Sheik ) Sam , Jimmy boyle . it 's good to meet you in person . you look terrific . ( gesture to mel ) this be mel weinberg , we 2- 0 - 9 .. the two man acknowledge each other with a nod but do not shake . ackerman any word on the meeting with lansky 's guy Zelnick ? 89 . mel it 's gonna go down sometime tonight or tomorrow but we be still wait on specifics . one of they people be suppose to reach out to we ... ackerman what about Senator rand ? mel errichetti 's say he will be there ... boyle ( to FBI Sheik ) ackerman get you all up to speed ? . FBI sheik ( Chicago accent ) yeah , I have be fully brief . mel well you role be real simple . Act stupid like you understand English but can not speak it . say as little as possible and follow my lead . FBI sheik ( insulted , to boyle ) be you run this operation or be e? boyle forget about it . he do not mean to be a asshole , he be just bear that way , okay ? ( off FBI sheik 's nod ) alright , it 's showtime --- once we step out that door , so --- anything you would like to go over ? FBI sheik yeah , I would just like to say that I think the name and premise of you operation be fuck offensive , play into the worst kind of stereotype --- mel hey --- stereotype would not be a stereotype unless it be true . FBI sheik yeah ? so how would you feel about a FBI op call jewscam where ackerman pose as a greedy , connive israeli ? ackerman ( piss ) my father be jewish but my mother be not . which means I am not jewish ! mel he 's right --- technically speak . 90 . boyle will you both shut the fuck up !? ( turn to fbi Sheik ) look , Sam , I see you point but if this be a problem , you should have tell we before now --- FBI sheik you do not have to worry about I , okay ? I will do the job --- but I just want you to know that I be not happy about it --- mel join the club . ext . tarmac - atlantic CITY airport - moment later errichetti excitedly watch as the fbi Sheik and he entourage of fed pose as bodyguard and advisor approach . he greet the FBI Sheik with a retarded bow as if he be a king . errichetti Sheik , my friend . it be such a superior honor and what have you . on behalf of all Americans and the great Garden state of New Jersey , I welcome you to Atlantic City , my friend . slip into character , the fbi Sheik put he hand over he heart and speak break English with a thick arab accent . FBI sheik salam wa aleikum , my friend . yes . yes . thank you . please . ext . outskirt of atlantic CITY - a little later various angle of the Sheik 's motorcade make its way into the ghetto shithole that be Atlantic City . a absurd contrast between the procession 's pomp and circumstance and the dire poverty that surround it --- burn out , board up building . vacant lot . trash - litter street . impoverish resident . ext . resort casino & HOTEL - atlantic CITY - a little later the entrance to the hotel have be roped off like a movie premiere in anticipation of the sheik 's arrival . a High School marching band play " hail to the Chief . " local newspaper photographer and tv crews . big-titted showgirl dress as glittery peacock ...etc ... and at the center of it all , a reception line consist of atlantic city's mayor , the president of resort INTERNATIONAL , other prominent local politician . the motorcade roll up . the limo stop in front of the welcome party , the door be open and out step the Sheik follow by errichetti . int . limo - resort casino - continuous boyle exit the limo but mel hold back a beat . 91 . reaching into he pocket , mel pull out a prescription bottle of dexedrine amphetamine , pop it open , shake out five --- and swallow they dry before get out of the car . the first groovy open note of Eddie Fisher sing the classic " I be a bear World shaker " can be hear as we watch mel follow the Sheik , boyle , and errichetti down the reception line . int . party - HOTEL suite - resort casino - later that night a_ swank , 4000 square foot suite on the top floor of resort with massive window that overlook the boardwalk and water . the place have be fully trick - out for the occasion and be pack with a motley assortment of politician , mover and shaker , hooker and the biggest player in the casino business . everyone either talk shop or rock out to eddie fisher on a small stage erect in the back of the room . angle on errichetti and mel : watch the action from the corner . errichetti be clearly a little shitface . mel this be fantastic , Angie . the party , the spread --- everything ... errichetti ( wistfully joyous ) mel , I be fifty year old , see a lotta thing , dream a lotta thing ; but this be the most un - fuckin-believable thing I have ever be into my whole life --- and it just keep come up --- ( put he arm around mel ) you and I be gonna do beautiful thing together --- mel how bout a toast to the guy that bring we together ? they raise they glass of champagne together . errichetti hey -- to tony denato . May the poor bastard rest in peace . just then , a scantily clad cocktail waitress strut on by . errichetti reach out and pinch she on the ass . she angrily whip around and confront errichetti . waitress do you do that ? errichetti hey , I love you baby . I write you oem ; rose be red . violet be ue . I like spaghetti . let 's fuck . the shocked and offended waitress storm off , leave mel and errichetti laughing hysterically . angle on : the band onstage suddenly shift into a tamped - down royal fanfare and drumroll ... 92 . eddie fisher lady and gentleman ... come in_all the way from the emirate , may I lay onto you , a_great man and humanitarian --- I feel humble in he presence --- jonignt | 's guest of honor , Sheik kambir Abdul Rahman ! a portable spotlight swing from the stage to the FBI Sheik and he procession who enter the party . everyone clap as the FBI Sheik move through the crowd , wave as if he be a rock star . rapid FIRE flash -cut montage of surveillance photo : grip and grin snapshot of the FBI Sheik with : teamster boss , n.j. assemblymen , mayor of union CITY , president of caesar' world , penthouse's bob guccione . each photo be label with the name of the subject . den - later : this small , intimate de be brightly light compare to the dim nightclub atmosphere of the party . although the de be connect to the main room , it have be roped off . errichetti , the FBI Sheik , mel and boyle be all seat on couch . they a be ' talk to bucky roach , manager of the tropicana in vega : roach I have be runnin the tropicana for ten year so I know whereof I speak --- and I never lie to my friend . you bring I and my crew in to run you new joint at the shelburne --- we break bread ? you will never have a problem . if you be a point holder --- you be golden ... FBI sheik ( monitor ) Point holder ? yes . please what do it mean ? roach ( monitor ) every casino have one hundred secret ownership point , each of which represent a percentage of the skim --- camera pan from the sheik toward the wall behind mel and then zoom in on the wall ... surveillance closet - continuous : the utility closet abutte the de have be convert into a makeshift observation post . Three monitor observe three different angle : one of the main room and two other dedicated to the de / meeting room . the tiny closet have be heavily soundproofed and as a result , be like a sweatbox . grosswald and the FBI techie watch the meeting on the monitor . they be in t-shirt and short --- wear headphone . mel ( monitor ) if you be the majority point holder of a joint , you name will not appear anywhere , but you be a owner --- 93 . roach ( monitor that 's right ... and my boy and I , we get we system down to a science . we can clip the drop seven way from Sunday '' you come to I and say you need tiv six hundred thousand take off ? it will be there . Cash . tax free --- grosswald ( crack a excited smile ) fuck , this be great shit --- party - later : in another part of the room , errichetti introduce the FBI Sheik to Eddie Fisher . errichetti Sheik , this be a very famous entertainer . sold million of record . have he own tv show . Mr. Eddie Fisher . fisher a honor to meet you , sir --- mel quickly jump in to shake Fisher 's hand himself . mel hey Eddie , mel weinberg . I just_had to shake the hand that get to play with Liz Taylor 's pussy . everyone except for Fisher start to laugh . even the Sheik . rapid FIRE flash -cut montage of surveillance photo : grip and grin snapshot of FBI Sheik with : a.c. councilmen , president of bally , mayor of newark , n.j. state senator , playboy' hugh hefner . den - later : mel and errichetti sit with the senior U.S. senator from new jersey , harrison rand . mel ( cont 'd ) --- the Sheik 's really be look forward to this sit down with you Senator rand --- senator rand as have I , mel --- mel he 's not gonna say much . he 's ashamed of he English but he understand everything --- errichetti and it 's important you understand what he want to hear from you --- senator rand about the shelburne deal ? surveillance closet - continuous : grosswald and FBI techie intently watch the meeting on the monitor ... 94 . mel ( monitor ) no . do not go into specifics about the casino . all you have to do be tell he how powerful you be --- errichetti ( monitor ) in no uncertain term , Harry --- mel ( monitor ) fourth rank Democrat in the Senate ear of the President , Chairman of whatever committee , who you know --- mention name --- what you can do --- errichetti ( monitor ) come on as strong as possible . you will not offend he , it 's the arab way --- den - continuous : mel right , without you there be no casino . explain to he that because you gotta stake in the deal you be gonna use all you power and influence to get he everything he need : declaratory ruling to renovate instead of build , special tax incentive --- errichetti whatever he need . you be the fuckin ' man ... senator rand I understand --- not a problem ... boyle escort the FBI Sheik into the de and all three man stand -- we can see that boyle be carry a briefcase fill with cash . errichetti Sheik , my friend . I would like to introduce you to the senior U.S. Senator from New Jersey -- Harrison ri senator rand it 's a pleasure to meet you . FBI sheik ( shaking hand with rand ) yes . you be welcome . high angle over HOTEL suite - party - later : we see mel , errichetti , boyle , the FBI Sheik and rand emerge from the de --- everyone smile . rand be holding the briefcase of cash . they all shake hand and rand leave . errichetti walk the Sheik over to another group of people and begin introduction . angle close on boyle and mel as they get a drink at the bar boyle it should not be this easy . 95 . mel it be not that it 's that easy , it 's that we be that good --- mel and boyle be suddenly approach by howard criden . at age fifty -six , cride be a swollen seer of a man who wear thick rimmed glass with coke- bottle lense --- and carefully examine everything he touch : plate , handshake , doorknob , everything . criden good evening , I be Howard cride . I believe you have be expect I . ( off they blank look ) I be Mr. Zelnick 's attorney . mel and boyle stiffen up and shake hand with he . mel be Mr. Zelnick here ? criden no . if you could please get the Sheik there 's a helicopter wait for we on the roof . both mel and boyle be shocked by this revelation . boyle no one ever tell we that we be go to be leave the premise . criden I be tell you now . boyle well I be tell you , there 's no way the Sheik 's gonna get on a chopper and fly off for point unknown --- mel Sheik 's a paranoid guy . he do not like surprise and he do not like powerplay --- criden this step be take to ensure you employer 's safety , not imperil it . boyle and we be suppose to just take you word for that ? criden not my word . Mr. Zelnick 's . ( glance at he watch ) vou have twenty minute before I take off . cride smile and leave . boyle and mel exchange a extremely anxious look . ext. / int . helicopter - off the coast of atlantic CITY - later a helicopter fly over the ocean . 96 . cride , mel , boyle , the FBI Sheik and two FBI agent posing as bodyguard be seat in the back of the copter . they aze out the window and the see the dimly light outline of a large 150ft yacht anchore about a mile off the Atlantic City coast . there 's a ring of brig ht light illuminate a landing pad situate on the yacht® 's stern deck . the man exchange a tense look as the helicopter begin its descent ... ext . yacht - off the coast of atlantic CITY - continuous the moment the helicopter touch down and kill its engine the landing pad light be turn off . while two deckhand quickly lock down the copter 's skid to the pad --- a third hand open the door for the FBI Sheik and he entourage --- and usher they toward arthur zelnick . Zelnick 's a _power - player whose causal elegance mask the cold intensity of he bottom - line demeanor . with a practice refinement , Zelnick greet the ap pproaching FBI Sheik by touch the tip of he right finger to he forehead while bow the head slightly . the FBI sheik respond with the same gesture . zelnick shake kambir Abdul Rahman --- ahlan wa -sahlan . FBI sheik ahlan beek . zelnick esmee Arthur Zelnick . motasharefon . FBI sheik anta lateef . the two man finally stop shaking hand and Zelnick immediately place the palm of he right hand over he chest . zelnick kaifa haloka ? FBI sheik Al hamdu lillah , bi khair . wa ant ? zelnick Ana bekhair , shokran . the FBI Sheik be startle and a little freak by Zelnick 's fluency . mel and boyle be gravely concerned . FBI sheik you speak Arabic very well assay Zelnick . Zelnick thanks the Sheik with a nod --- gently take he by the arm and usher he along the starboard deck . we move with cride , boyle and mel as they follow --- zelnick I understand that you be from the United arab emirate ? 97 . FBI sheik yes . zelnick which emirate ? FBI sheik why should you ask ? zelnick I would like to get to know you better --- especially in lieu of the fact that none of my contact at the State Department have any record of a shake kambir Abdul Rahman from the uae ... the atmosphere suddenly go from tense to severe . boyle and mel flash each other a ‘oh fuck ' look : be the jig up ? FBI sheik I be not surprised . the american intelligence apparatus in my part of the world be pathetic at best --- zelnick well then please enlighten I --- mel the Sheik do not come here to be interrogate --- Zelnick stop and give mel a vicious glare . zelnick be I talk to you , Mr. weinberg ? ( off mel 's silence ) when I want you opinion , I will ask for it --- the FBI Sheik give mel a patronize , diminutive hand - gesture to stand down . FBI sheik I hardly call ask someone where they be from a interrogation . turn back to Zelnick ) my blood , the blood of my father 's run from the bani bakhit tribal region of ras al - khaimah --- zelnick ras al - khaimah --- that sit in the East , yes ? along the Gulf of oman ? the FBI Sheik stop and glare at Zelnick who stand steadfast . FBI sheik laa . it be in the North , and sit along the Persian Gulf . but then you know this --- 98 . zelnick forgive I shake , I hope you understand a man in my position can not be too careful --- FBI sheik yes -- but for the sake of we discussion thing would go much smoother if you could dispense with the , how do you say ..? bullshit --- int . live room - zelnick's yacht - a little later a sprawling and elegant live room with window overlook the water . the Sheik , mel and boyle sit across a large coffee table from Zelnick and cride . the table be cover with a traditional arab feast : kabasa , flat bread , fruit , etc ... mel , the FBI Sheik and boyle notice that in the far corner of the room , there be a shadow man sit in a chair , watch from the dark . zelnick shake , as I be sure you be aware , the casino business be control by a consortium of hide interest --- ( off Sheik 's nod ) well , I help oversee the organization which manage this consortium , as well as almost every other aspect of we industry . we be the one that make sure that nobody cheat or steal . we keep track of everyone 's secret point . we handle the weekly skim from each casino and distribute it to the point holder . we take care of the credit , set the odd , operate the cage and the pit , run the union , political protection --- everything . hal tafham ? FBI sheik afham . zelnick good --- because Atlantic City be the product of a considerable investment of time and money by the group I represent --- and we have no objection to you profiting from the fruit of we labor so long as you be willing to do it we way --- FBI sheik please explain --- zelnick if you want to become a casino owner and member of we group --- you must first become a U.S. citizen . FBI sheik and why must I do this ? 99 . criden the Gas crisis have create a enormous amount of anti- arab sentiment . as soon as you apply for a license , they will legislate against it . ; zelnick ; but , if you be a U.S. citizen , it give we the political cover we need . we suddenly hear the metallic SNAP of _a Zippo lighter be open and ignite as the shadow man light a cigarette . boyle ( interrupt ) Excuse I ... ( gesture to shadow man ) who 's that person ? zelnick nobody you need to concern yourself with . | ( back to Sheik ) mister cride will handle everything through we friend in Congress , who will introduce a private bill provide you and you family political asylum . criden the process will be no different than it 's be for you in Atlantic City with the local and state official . do the right thing with the right the people , be will not be any problem . FBI sheik and in exchange for you political contact and influence --- what be it that I must do for you ? zelnick we would like you to assume twenty one million in teamster mortgage on various resort property in Atlantic City , the poconos and Miami . FBI sheik I be confuse . I come here to discuss project in Atlantic City -- not Miami or this other place he speak of . zelnick shake , what you need to understand be that New Jersey be only the beginning of we plan . statistic show that the vast majority of gambler reside on the east coast ... and so we be in the process of take the Atlantic City model and transplant it along the entire Eastern seaboard ; the poconos . Miami . New Orleans . Savannah . we be currently arete campaign for 100 . zelnick ( cont 'd ) legalize gambling referendum in six different state , acquire all the political support we need --- tie up all the best property in the area we be look to exploit --- FBI sheik ( cut he off ) this is_all very interesting . but again , I be here to discuss opportunity in Atlantic City . mel can see that Zelnick be put off by the FBI Sheik 's closemindedness . zelnick ( sternly ) do thing we way mean invest in we whole vision . not part of it . FBI sheik be that as it may , I would rather start with Atlantic City and see how thing progress . zelnick ( irritate and suspicious ) why be it you be so fixate on Atlantic City when there 's so much more money to be make elsewhere ? mel flash the FBI Sheik a glare , try to signal he to just play along with Zelnick --- but the FBI Sheik do not get it . FBI sheik because I only invest in what be . not what might be --- mel ( cut in ) money be like manure , Sheik . if you spread it around , it can do a lot of good . make thing grow . but if you pile it all up in one place and let it sit there sta panty it will not do anythin ut sme ike shi y ygesture to sereteky all Mr. Zelnick here be say be that the smart move be to spread it around --- and I could not agree with he more . FBI sheik ah yes , I see . thank you for that mel --- once again you eloquence illuminate the path of my understanding ... zelnick shake , I know you be new to this country and my business . but please believe I when I tell you that my ( more ) 101 . zelnick ( cont 'd ) organization be perhaps the most trustworthy and dependable operate in the world today . we always honor we agreement and we always make money for we partner --- and you can be sure that this be true because if it be not --- I would be dead . _ FBI sheik ( nodd ) Ana fahim --- zelnick good . then should you decide to move forward with we , we cannot formally engage until you citizenship have be secure --- but I would like you to pledge the twenty - one million in a escrow account as a sign of good faith --- FBI sheik and if I do not agree to this term ? zelnick you can either be at the table , or you can be on the menu . the choice be yours . we hear clapping and cheering as we CUT to : int . basement command CENTER - vesco townhouse - next day the small group of feds make up the abscam team clap and cheer --- give mel , boyle , and the FBI Sheik pat on the back as they walk into a large basement which have be convert into the investigation 's off-site Command Center . beer be pass out as everyone celebrate the success of the Atlantic City party . a jubilant grosswald throw he hand around both boyle and mel --- give they a simultaneous bear hug . grosswald Holy shit !!! you guy do it ! I mean you really do it !!! boyle and grosswald start to laugh with excited glee . ackerman ( raise he beer to toast ) everyone shut up ! I want to say something he room quiet down ) from thdy very beginning I be convinced that this whole op be go to be a goddamn train wreck . boyle , I think you be crazy . and mel , I knew_you be nothin ut full of shit . I remember tell grosswald that this be go to be the end of we career -- 102 . a hi grosswald augnin he do --- ke aed , ackerman now here we be , the day after what have get to be one of the most insane episode in FBI history --- but also one of the most successful . last night be a smash hit in every way . and I just a --- jus get fa ag up he beer ) you guy make a believer out of I ! everyone join in toasting and cheering mel , boyle , and the FBI Sheik --- but the good vibe be quickly extinguish when ... tuccio storm into the room and angrily slam the door , glaring at mel like he want to eat he . unfaze , mel begin to take a sip from he beer . before it reach he lip tuccio angrily smack it out of he hand . mel the fuck 's with you ? tuccio like you do not know . mel whaddya talk about ? boyle what 's up , Joe ? tuccio hand boyle a highlighted transcript . tuccio it 's from last night . mel 's little pep talk with the Senator . read the ighlight . as boyle read , he face contort into a mixture of rage and anxiety ... mel what the hell be everyone 's problem ? boyle ( look up at mel , explode ) you ! you be the fuck problem ! how many time have we be over the rule of entrapment ?! chapter and verse - -- how many time ?! and then you go and fuck do this ? | . ( read from transcript ) " explain to he that because you gotta stake in the deal you be gonna use all you power and influence to get he everything he need " ! !?? boyle angrily hurl the transcript at mel. 103 . mel what ?! I be just try to make sure you guy get what you need . tuccio you be coach he , put word into he mouth --- mel I do not force the Senator to take the money or say what he say ! boyle ( pick up transcript what 's the potential impact of this ? tuccio there 's nothing potential about it . the impact be actual , systemic and toxic . mel 's pep talk not only undermine the case against rand , it cripple virtually every case connect to this operation because every single defense attorney will use this transcript as evidence that mel do the same with they client . a heavy silence overtake the room . boyle it 's bad . but it 's not fatal . we can fix this . we just need anothersmeet where we can get a clean , unsolicite admission from Senator rand . tuccio ( after a thoughtful beat ) it do not solve the problem , but it might minimize it to a acceptable evel --- mel and how we suppose to_get another meeting when the guy already take ? boyle you fuck this up , mel . you be go to figure it out . tuccio houseman 's office have be call all morning . he want the transcript . boyle the director see this --- and that 's it ! we be over . tuccio ( after a long , hard beat ) look , houseman be not ask for the warm - up with rand . he 's aski for the transcript from the actual game --- hard look at boyle ) so let 's give it to he . 104 . ackerman wait a minute . be you suggest we bury mel 's pep talk tuccio no. I be suggest that we show it to houseman after we get a clean admission from the Senator . ackerman I do not know if I be comfortable with that . you be talk about knowingly withhold vital information from the director of the FBI . boyle come on , Al . there 's too much at stake here to let this stop we from serve the great good . ackerman stand there with everyone in the room stare at he wait for he to protest --- but he do not . tuccio ( look at everyone ) if anyone else here have a problem , speak now or forever hold you shit . no one say anything . after a beat , mel speak up . mel what about Zelnick ? he 's expect a answer from the Sheik . tuccio reach out tomorrow and let cride know the Sheik want to move forward --- and get he to start set meeting with they politician --- mel how you gonna do that without puttin ' up the twenty one mile Zelnick 's askin ' or ? tuccio Cause we be gonna stall he for as long as we can --- and see how deep we can get before he call we bluff . ext . lexington ave . - midtown manhattan - early evening mel cut across early morning traffic on lex Ave . he 's carry another one of that pink bakery BOX be from moishe 's . we see he enter a low rent , run-down office building . int . seventh floor - lex ave . office build - moment later mel exit the elevator and we move with he as he walk down the hallway . he reach a nondescript office door and we follow he as he enter . 105 . int . office - seventh floor - continuous mel enter a small , cluttere temporary office . reclining behind a desk in the middle of the room sit Max . she 's on the phone , but give mel a huge smile when she see he . mel catch a few fleeting glimpsis of the wall which be cover with a array of info --- as he come over to the desk put the bakery box in front of Max and give she a quick but sensuous kiss on the lip . max ( into phone ) yeah , teddy , do what you have to do , but just make sure the truck be there on time --- as maxine wrap up she call , mel reach into he pocket and take out he bottle of dexedrine , pop out a couple of pill , swallow . Max hang up and rise to embrace and kiss mel . max ( cont 'd ) thanks for the rugelach --- but you really should not be here . the phone start ringing again . mel need to answer that ? --- max I will let the service get it . how do everything go ? mel so far so good . how 's everything goin ' with you ? max it would be go a lot better if I have a hard date . mel I be workin ' on it , pussycat . I be workin ' on it . Max reach into mel 's pocket and pull out the bottle of dexedrine and hold it up . max since when do you start use speed ? mel you know how many plate I be spinnin right now . I let any of they drop a we be fuck to forevermore . max you need to take better care of yourself . I mean you look really strung out . 106 . mel hey , strung out come with the territory . ( give she a tender grin ) but it 's nice to know you give a shit . ext . vesco townhouse - manhattan - day late afternoon sunlight wash over the elegant townhouse . boyle v.o . uh , you ready --- be we taping ? ackerman ( over walkie - talkie ) yeah , wait , okay --- go ahead Jimmy ... int . study - vesco townhouse - continuous boyle sit behind a desk situate in a elegant mahogany panele study . in front of he be ten packet of cash . look directly into a hide camera , boyle speak stiffly , self consciously . boyle ( clear he throat ) this be special agent James boyle . Federal Bureau of investigation . the date be August 19th , 1979 . time , 5:16 pm . location , a townhouse in New York City . in a short while , I be expect a meeting with attorney Howard cride and U.S. Congressman , " ozzie " myer . also participate in this meetin will be mel weinberg . ( and can ing oo gash ) I have in front of I fifty thousand dollar in five packet of one hundred dollar bill . . ( put cash in desk drawer ) I be now place the money in this drawer where it will remain until it be give to Representative meyer . ackerman ( over walkie - talkie ) okay --- we get it --- mel ( 0.s. ) you sound like the spawn of frankenstein and fuckin' Howard cosell . loosen up , will ya ? we hear a big brassy , bombastic orchestra begin to play franz von suppe 's " bellman March " --- as the ... the bullshit montage begins : Music play over montage . close on typewriter : we can see the table of content of a top - secret FBI memo be type out ... the memo be entitle : " operation abscam : special report to the director of the federal bureau of investigation ... " surveillance video from townhouse study : timecode : '' August 19 , 1979 . '' present in the video be boyle , weinberg , cride and U.S. congressman michael " ozzie " myer . 107 . meyer lemmee tell you what you be get for what you " be give --- I control the whole bloc of Congressman from Philly and will make sure they all back a asylum bill for the Sheik . with I in he corner , he chance be a 100 % --- boyle I be really glad to hear that Congressman , because this be a lot of money --- boyle take out the fifty thousand in packet of cash and hand they to meyer with a envelope . myer you be go about this the right way ... money talk and bullshit walk and it 's the same way down in D.C. boyle ( nod , smile ) spend it well . myer try to stuff the cash into the envelope . it will not fit . myer I be gonna need a bigger envelope . close on typewriter : the table of content of the top-secret memo continue to be type out . we see a list of name --- U.S. Congressman Michael " ozzie meyer , 1st District , ( d-pa . ) --- U.S. Congressman Raymond lederer , 3rd District ( d- PA . ) --- surveillance video from townhouse : timecode : September 7 , 1979 . we see cride introduce U.S. congressman richard kelly to boyle and mel . criden ( on monitor ) this be Richard Kelly . Representative from the 5th District in Florida --- camera pull back to reveal basement command CENTER : tuccio , ackerman , boyle sit around a table in the command center watch the Kelly video over beer and burger . we can see mel in the background , talk on the phone . after hang up , mel pop a few dexedrine and then approach . ; tuccio so what do Angie say ? mel he just have trouble understanding why we need another meeting with rand . tuccio well then give he some of you bullshit and make he understand ! 108 . mel ( savagely bark back ) hey , I be dancin 's as fast I can mot erfucker --- but errichetti say he will not do shit unless we make good on we word and deposit that two mile in he friend 's bank . boyle so if houseman green-lights this and we make the deposit --- Angie will set up the meet ? mel yeah . no question . boyle ( off tuccio 's reticence ) there 's zero risk for we , Joe --- it 's we account . money 's just gonna be sit there , earning interest . tuccio I will ask , but it 's houseman 's call . close on typewriter : the name currently be type out --- U.S. Congressman John Wilson jenrette , Jr. , 6th District ( d-s.c . ) int . basement command CENTER - vesco townhouse - day : tuccio , ackerman and grosswald be crowded around the tv monitor watch the meeting between boyle , mel , cride and U.S. congressman JOHN W. jenrette JR . timecode : '' November 11 , 1979 . '' congressman jenrette - if you invest in my district it will give I the cover I need with my people --- explain why I be help Sheik kaboom or Sheik kabaam --- boyle so you would rather we commit to invest in you district than take the cash ? congressman jenrette you kid ? I get larceny in my blood . tuccio and the rest be all shocked and disgust as they watch jenrette scoop the packet of cash off the desk and stuff they in he jacket and pant pocket . surveillance video from townhouse : timecode : November 20th 1979 . cride introduce U.S. congressman frank thompson to boyle and mel . criden Representative Frank Thompson from New Jersey 's 4th District --- close on typewriter : the list of name on the memo 's table of content continue grow . the name currently bein type ) be : U.S. Congressman John M. Murphy , 16th district , yo-n int - HOTEL suite - JFK airport hilton - day : boyle , het and cride sit in the live room of the suite . boyle 's on the phone . 109 . criden ( cont 'd ) it 's already the end of November --- Zelnick want to know when he can expect the money from the Sheik --- mel do not answer . he look to boyle . boyle uh , soon --- very soon --- criden Jimmy , we have be follow through on we end . he want a hard date --- boyle how about the end of December --- the latest . criden why do not we just say , December 29th . mel why the 29th ? criden it 's Zelnick 's birthday . boyle give cride a nod . we can see the high impact of this hard date agreement on mel 's face . there 's a knock at the door . mel get up , answer it and usher congressman JOHN murphy into the suite . as mel and Congressman Murphy shake hand in the background , we see cride take out a list of type name and hand it to boyle . criden ( cont 'd ) here 's what I be try to line up over the next month . put the list in he pocket , boyle and cride rise to greet the Congressman as he approach . int . basement command CENTER - vesco townhouse - day : mel , boyle , tuccio , ackerman and grosswald . boyle ( read from cride 's list ) John murtha , co-chair of the House ethic Committee . Pete rodino , Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee . speaker of the House , tip o'neil --- grosswald tip o'neil ?! boyle yup . but I save the best for last . ( beat ) the President 's Chief of staff Hamilton Jordan ... tuccio get the fuck out ! ( more ) 110 . tuccio ( cont 'd ) ( take list and read ) how deep do this thing go ? mel greed 's a bottomless pit . always have be . boyle , tuccio and grosswald be definitely thunderstruck --- but the expression on ackerman 's face be one of abject fear close on typewriter : the table of content of the memo be complete --- the memo be sealed into a top - secret folder --- int - director houseman' office - FBI hq - WASHINGTON : FBI director houseman sit behind he desk , read from the open abscam special report . he have a profoundly disturb look on he face as he read the list of potential new target . houseman ( mutter , horrify ) Jesus Christ . houseman pull out a cigarette and light it , take a deep and anxious drag . cring with fear and dismay as if he would just be punch in the face by some unseen hand , houseman gaze out he window at the illuminate dome of the Capitol Building . end music and bullshit montage . CUT to : ext . boardwalk - atlantic CITY - morning super : " December 27 , 1979 - Atlantic City " a epic shot of the morning sun rase over the ramshackle majesty of the Atlantic City boardwal ext . / int . limo - STREET - atlantic CITY - continuous grosswald 's behind the wheel --- look at the address on building as he pass they . boyle and mel be in the backseat . mel ( to boyle ) Zelnick 's have cride call I every day now --- grosswald ( holler back at mel ) the bank 's address --- ? mel ( look at a piece of paper fifty -six twenty - four --- suppose to be on a corner . ext . boardwalk bank - atlantic CITY - a little later situated on the corner of St. James and Broadway , the boardwalk Bank be just you average local bank . we see the limo pull up to_the front of the bank . mel and boyle exit the car . boyle have a large suitcase handcuff to he wrist . 141 . mel ... I do not know what to tell he any more --- I get no stall leave to give this guy . and even if I do , they be not hearin ' they --- boyle who be we meeting with ? mel ( look at paper ) marvin Donaldson , bank 's President . boyle and he know we be come ? mel yeah , yeah , Angie set it all up --- we move with boyle and mel as they enter ... int . boardwalk bank - atlantic CITY - continuous the inside of the bank be just as bland as the outside . phone be ringing . customer line up at the teller window . you not typical we sday morning . mel and boyle speak in hushed tone . boyle I get that Zelnick 's on a short fuse --- mel short fuse ? that be yesterday . today they be ready to blow --- boyle look over to a account manager at he desk . boyle where 's marvin Donaldson 's office ? the account manager point to a back corner office and we continue to move with mel and boyle as they make they way towards Donaldson 's office . a secretary sit at she desk next to the door . mel Zelnick 's deadline be only a few day away . you gotta bring down the curtain on this show ! boyle and we will . mel when ? boyle ( to secretary please tell Mr. Donaldson that James hoyle and mel weinberg from Abdul enterprise be here to see he . secretary of course . just one moment . 112. she disappear into the office . mel when , boyle ? boyle as soon as we get we meeting with rand , we be do . it 's over . tooch wild move on the indictment the next ay . the Secretary come back out , follow by marvin donaldson : a fat , bald , forty - something man in a brook Brothers suit . Donaldson greet they both with a hearty smile and handshake . donaldson gentlemen , marvin Donaldson . a real pleasure to meet you both . ( ushere they inside ) please come in . int . donaldson' office - boardwalk bank - a little later Donaldson 's secretary sit at_a conference table , watch as the last packet of hundred dollar bill be process through a cash counting machine . the two million in cash sit next to the machine in a neat stack . behind she , we see Donaldson at he desk with boyle , walk he through a series of signature . donaldson James , if I could just have three more signature --- right here , here , and here --- and date the last one --- boyle sign the last document . the Secretary nod at Donaldson affirm that all the money be there . donaldson ( cont 'd ) please take it to the vault . as the Secretary leave the office with the money , Donaldson gather up all the document . donaldson ( cont 'd ) I be just go to make copy of this . I will be right back . Donaldson quickly exit the office . mel Jimmy , I vouch for you guy . I go on record with dom who go on record with lansky . now you know what that mean . if we do not end this before the 29th , I be a dead man on the street . boyle ( lock eye with mel ) mel , mark my word : I be not go to let anything happen to you or you family . 113 . mel Mark ‘em yourself --- cause the only thing that will protect I be if arrest be make and indictment hand down . Donaldson return to the office and hand the document over donaldson here be you copy of the account documentation --- you receipt for . you deposit --- temporary check if you wish to draw on the account --- _ boyle / / we be not go to be draw on this account . donaldson well , in any case , you will be receive a checkbook by the end of next week . boyle so that 's it ? donaldson ( broad smile ) that 's it . I would like to thank you both and the Sheik , for do business with we here at boardwalk Bank . and as a token of we appreciation , I would like to present you with this gift . Donaldson hand boyle a box . boyle open it and see a cheap gold - plate pen and a mechanical pencil with the bank 's name engrave on the side of they . mel laugh . mel we just deposit two mile in cash and this be what we get ? boyle I would rather have the toaster boyle give the pen set back to Donaldson . ext . boardwalk bank - atlantic CITY - minute later they exit the bank and walk towards the limo . boyle so when be you go to tell estelle ? mel I dunno . I gotta find the right moment . boyle along with the bad , you have do some good mel . when this break it 's go to change thing for the better . and you can be proud of that . mel proud of what ? whaddya think it be we have do , boyle ? 114 . boyle we have roote out organize crime and political corruption at the high evel --- mel ( shaking he head ) we have be shoveling smoke --- nothing 's gonna change . not really . boyle how can you say that ? mel not believe in bullshit be like not believe in gravity --- it 's part of who we be in this country --- and it will always be there --- cause Americans , they do not want the bad truth . they want the good lie . ext . alibi club - WASHINGTON , DC - late afternoon a light snow fall over a townhouse that be home to the most exclusive and oldest social club for Washington 's power elite . behind the townhouse loom the illuminate dome of the Capitol uild . we see a cab pull up in front of the club and tuccio get out and enter the club . int . library - alibi club - WASHINGTON , DC - continuous we follow tuccio into a large and handsome panell library . small group of man have quiet conversation throughout . stop for a beat to look around , tuccio see FBI director houseman in the far corner of the room seat in front of a crackle fireplace . someone be sit in the chair opposite the director , but tuccio can not see who it be . houseman wave tuccio over and we move with he as he approach . houseman Joseph . I appreciate you come on such short notice . but I be afraid this face to face simply could not wait . tuccio of course sir -- what 's the problem ? houseman pull out a transcript and hold it out to tuccio . houseman Mr. weinberg 's pep-talk with Senator rand ---- this revelation drop on tuccio like a fuck bomb . houseman ( cont 'd ) I know you have you reason for withhold this more ) I --- but now 115 . houseman ( cont 'd ) that I have be make aware , I have get to do something about it . tuccio how would you get it ? ackerman ( 0.s. ) I give it to he , Joe . we pan with tuccio as he whip around and be shocked to discover that the person seat across from houseman be agent Alvin ackerman . rage welling up in tuccio like lava ... houseman do not hold it against he . agent ackerman be simply respond to the unfortunate circumstance create by a out of control informant , a over - ambitious U.S. attorney and a inexperienced supervise agent . int . mel' bedroom - vesco townhouse - manhattan - night mel 's lie on the bed , watch television --- a segment on the presidential campaign trail and the run -up to the election dovetail into a segment about President Carter attend new year eve fund raiser celebration in New York . he glance at he watch : 1:30 am . turn off the tv , mel get out of bed and pop a few dexedrine . he then open the door , and peer out into the hallway . int . upstair hall - vesco townhouse - continuous we move with mel as he slip through the darken hallway --- approach the upstairs de where he hear a group of man kibitzing and laughing . stealing a peek into the room , mel can see that boyle , grosswald and three other agent be have a late- night poker game . mel tiptoe past they without anyone notice and disappear down the back stair to the kitchen . int . basement command CENTER - vesco townhouse - a minute later close the basement door behind he , mel creep down the step move to a huge steel shelf in the back of the room line wit row and row of label and date videotape . he scan the tape until he find the one he ' '' book for --- " congressman myer -- August 19 , 1979 " --- pull it --- move to two half - inch video recorder connect to each other mel put the label tape into one machine , a blank tape into the other , and begin duping the myer tape . mel then cut across the room to a portable refrigerator , reach around to its back , and unhook a hide key ring . he use one of the key to open up a lock filing cabinet . 116 . mel rifle through the file until he find the one he 's look for --- " operation abscam : special report to the UNITED states attorney general ... " int . second floor den - vesco townhouse - continuous you typical ballbreak banter and bullshit . tuccio suddenly appear at the door , look fuck up and far from home . tuccio ( to boyle ) I need to talk to you . int . basement command CENTER - vesco townhouse - minute later mel be xeroxing off the report when he hear the muffle sound of man arguing in the townhouse 's study right above he . curious , mel stop xerox , move to the video monitor , flip they on and see the crude , hide camera image of boyle and tuccio have it out in the study . mel put on the headphone . boyle how could ackerman do this to we !? tuccio he pussie out --- could not handle it . so he decide to save himself . boyle ( on monitor ) so that 's it ? houseman will not even approve another meeting with Senator rand ? tuccio ( on monitor ) you be not hearing I , Jimmy . houseman 's go to pull the plug on the whole thing -- and he 's positioning we to take the fall . boyle ( on monitor ) and so errichetti , casino commissioner , six congressman , the fuckin' Senator --- Zelnick and lansky ? . tuccio ( on monitor ) they be go to dump it all . int . study - vesco townhouse - continuous boyle rub he head and pace , try to get a grip on it all . boyle and this be all because of what ? --- mel 's pep-talk with rand ? tuccio it 's not just that . everything about this operation scare houseman --- boyle oh , but he 's not scared about the fact that Atlantic City 's corrupt to ( more ) 117 . boyle ( cont 'd ) the core --- or alarmed that U.S. congressman and Senators can be so easily buy off ?! he 's not shitting he pants over how many politician Zelnick and lansky might have lock up in they pocket and why ? tuccio he 's play politics Jimmy . it 's a election year --- boyle ( thunder ) bullshit ! this have nothing to do with politics and everything to do with the worst kind of cowardice --- cowardice in the face of absolute guilt . tuccio stand there in devastate silence . boyle ( cont 'd ) what about mel ? without the arrest and indictment he 's out there naked on the street . tuccio as far as houseman 's concerned , mel 's a fuck Dixie Cup , a throwaway . boyle we can not just leave he out there . / tuccio pimmy we be go to have enough trouble cover we own ass . boyle ( after a long beat I do not know if I can swallow it . tuccio you have get no other choice . ; boyle i_can pick up a whistle and start to blow --- to the Times , the Post --- tuccio houseman will crucify you and he will force I to help he . boyle then fuck he and fuck you . tuccio Jimmy --- you of all people know if there 's one thing the Bureau 's good at , I mean really good at , it 's character assassination . 118 . move to one of the armchair in front of the massive mahogany partner 's desk , boyle grab the top of the chair and lean down as if he 's overwhelm with nausea . tuccio ( cont 'd ) it would be like run into a machine gun . we see and hear boyle 's grip tighten intensely on the wood . and then in a sudden and visceral explosion of towering frustration and rage , he swing the chair above he head and begin smashing it against the partner desk int . basement command CENTER - vesco townhouse - continuous mel be mesmerize by the si ht of boyle wield the chair like a battlehammer --- use at of he strength to try to destroy the desk , but the only thing he end up destroy be the chair . mel turn the tv off ... ext . mel' STREET - long island - day mel pull into the driveway of he house , get out of he car carry a briefcase . super : " December 29 , 1979 " int . live room - mel' house - continuous mel walk in and find Willie on the floor play video game . mel how you do boychick ? willie ( preoccupy with videogame ) hey pop. mel where 's Mom ? willie I think she 's in the bedroom . int . office - mel' house - minute later mel place he briefcase on he desk , remove the dupe tape and the copy of " operation abscam : special report . " he then unlock a filing cabinet and pull out a large parcel banker' BOX . Inside the box be even more dupe videotape , audiotape , and document that mel have apparently accumulate over the course of the investigation . mel put the videotape into the box and then place the special report on top of everything , as if it 's to be read first . grabbing some package tape out of he desk , he seal the box , then appiic a address sticker to it . typed on that sticker : " confidential ; leslie maitland , new york time ... before leave he office , mel shake out a handful of dexedrine and wash they down with a swig of whiskey . 119 . int . bedroom - mel' house - minute later estelle 's on the bed , read people Magazine . mel walk in . mel hey -- estelle I do not know you be here --- I yeah , I be in and out . I just come home to change for a important meeting ... but I will be back in a few hour ... estelle okay . I any chance you a 1 I could go out to dinner tonight , alone ? estelle can see the tension in mel 's face . estelle what 's wrong ? mel nothing . I just wanna talk . get some thing off my chest . estelle I will see if I can get the sitter ext . mel' house - minute later mel come out dress in he best suit and coat . he have the abscam banker' BOX in he arm . he lock the box in the trunk of he car and walk towards the driver 's side door ... a silver cadillac deville suddenly pull up in front of he driveway and stop . sonny blitz be the first to get out of the car . he throw mel a vicious smile as dominic casele emerge from the caddie along with two of he bonebreaker . mel hey --- dom --- whaddya do here ? ( h ) dom eav what I be fold , ext . mel' STREET - continuous from down the STREET we see mel get into the back seat of the deville , bonebreaker on either side of he . the car peel away from the curb and disappear around a corner . ext . allied amusement - outskirt of atlantic CITY - later the same dark and dingy street of industrial warehouse we begin the film with . 120 . mel ( v.0 . ) whaddya want ?! scarfo ( v.0 . ) whaddya think I want ? the truth . the camera slowly zoom on the ally amusement 's warehouse --- as we pick up the scene where we last leave it ... mel ( v.0 . ) the truth ? ( beat ) the truth ... the truth be bullshit !! int . rumpus room - allied amusement - continuous scarfo 's savage skull punch send mel hurl to the floor . scarfo the truth 's bullshit ? you be bullshit ! ( stomp mel in the gut ) commitment be make base on the deal with the arab . Financial commitment --- that the man in Florida be now on the hook for . scarfo take out a gun , crouch down to mel , and put the muzzle on he leave knee --- scarfo ( cont 'd ) what kind of game be the sheik play , mel ? why do not he get the money up ? mel because there be no sheik --- without miss a beat , scarfo pull the trigger --- and boooom --- blows mel' knee to shit --- mel shriek --- the mind -numbing agony overload he circuit and he begin to go into shock . scarfo I do not want he tapping out . two goons peel mel off the floor , sit he in the chair and hold he up . the third goon take out a glass pellet of smellin salt , snap it open and wave it under mel 's nose . mel take one whiff and recoil back into consciousness . scarfo ( cont 'd ) it 's gonna be like this all night --- piece by piece . until you gimme a straight answer . scarfo put the muzzle of he gun to mel 's other kneecap . scarfo ( cont 'd ) the truth , mel . mel hyperventilating he way through the pain ... mel I be tryin ' to tell you . the sheik --- everyone surround he --- they be all feebs. 121 . scarfo ( pull gun hammer back ) keep fuck with I --- mel I swear on the soul of my son , the whole thing 's a FBI sting operation . scarfo I do not believe it . no way the feebs coulda pull something like this off . mel no , not unless they have someone show they how --- scarfo you crazy rat motherfucker . ( put gun to mel 's mouth ) you shoulda walk away when dom give you the chance . mel you be right --- ( tear welling up ) but the fed have @ get nothing on Zelnick or any be key people , except for arden and the politician --- and they be not gonna move against they either . scarfo you be full of shit , weinberg . that do not even make any sense . mel it 's politics . sense do not enter into the equation . mel lean forward as if he be about to throw up --- shadow man ( 0.s. ) ( gruff yiddish accent ) how do I know you be tell we the truth ? mel ( cackle ) that 's all I get leave --- the shadow man suddenly emerge from the darkness . we can only see he from behind as he walk up to mel and examine he face . shadow man know what , mel ? I believe you . mel start to laugh deliriously . feverish with pain from he knee and arm , he suddenly seize up and grab he left chest as if he be just stab there with a icepick -- and then collapse to the floor -- overwhelm by the onset of a massive heart attack . 122 . scarfo the fuck be this ..? goon look 's like he 's have a heart attack . scarfo you gotta be shittin I . mel' Pov : look at the shadow man 's shoe ... scarfo ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) whaddya wanna do ? shadow man ( 0.s. ) take care of he . darkness overtake mel 's vision as we ... fade to black : close on black televiston screen : the tv be switched on . a stupid 70 's commercial play , before the channel be switch to the CBS even News . dan rather break the abscam story --- camera slowly pull back to reveal : int . hospital waiting room - atlantic CITY hospital - night seat in the room be boyle , estelle and Willie . boyle 's jacket be off and the FBI badge clipped to he belt be in plain view . although they be all watch the tv , the tension between estelle and boyle be so extreme you can cut it with you finger a doctor suddenly appear . everyone get up . doctor agent boyle --- he would like to speak with you first . boyle follow Doctor to a icu room be guard by two cop . int . icu room - atlantic CITY hospital - continuous boyle find mel in bed , he leg in a cast , elevate by a sling . his wrist be bandage . there 's a gruesome stitch wound run vertically through the center of he chest from open heart surgery . he 's hook up to all manner of monitoring machine . mel what happen ? this stiff will not tell I anything . boyle you be dumped at emergency in critical condition . they have to crack you open --- do a bypass . mel how long I be out ? 123. boyle be touch and go for the last five day . . ( move close to the bed ) mel , who tune you up ? mel I tune myself up --- boyle that 's not good enough . mel ( hard look ) it 's all you ever go to get . boyle ( after a heavy beat ) this be all my fault ... I break my promise --- I be sorry --- mel I know --- and I will get over it as long as my family be okay --- boyle everyone 's fine . estelle and Willie be right outside ... maxine want to come , but ... mel what do estelle know ? boyle that I be a FBI agent --- that you be work for we , not some Sheik --- and now that the story 's leak to the press , she know why --- mel somebody leak the story --- ? boyle yeah it 's all over the news . CBS even get video of the some of the payoff . Washington 's go batshit --- like it be fuck watergate --- they all think you do it . mel yeah , well they be only half wrong . I be gonna do it but get pick up before I could finish the job --- ( with a raise eyebrow ) have to of be someone else --- boyle ( blow off mel 's look ) well in any case it all work out . arrest have be make , indictment be in the work , grand jury should be conven in a couple of week . 124 . mel grin , close he eye with relief . mel blow the whistle take a lot of leave tit Jimmy -- ( open he eye and lock with boyle 's ) I be proud of you --- boyle what make you so sure I be the one that do it ? mel Cause you be the only bog-trott , shanty asswipe I know that 's noble enough to run into a machine gun . boyle 's smile be he silent admission --- which mel acknowledge with a grateful nod . after the share moment ... boyle you ready for estelle and Willie ? mel the fuck be I go to tell they ? boyle that 's the good thing about the truth mel . you do not have to think about it . it just be . the expression on mel 's face go fragile with fear . mel I do not want to lose they , Jimmy . boyle if you do not do this , you will . mel shut he eye in dread and nod . boyle disappear . a few second later , estelle and Willie come into the room . estelle be overwhelm by a storm of conflict emotion --- Willie see the state he father be in and start to cry . mel reach out for he , take he hand , pull he in close and tenderly console he . mel it 's okay boychick , I be okay . but I gotta tell you something --- h willie what ? mel gently lift up Willie 's chin to look he in the eye . mel this be the hardest thing I have ever have to say cause it 's gonna be the hardest thing you have ever have to hear --- but you need to know that I -- I -- you father --- ( more ) 125 . mel ( cont 'd ) ( deep breath ) all that I have , all that I know , I steal . ( beat ) if I see you hold a cigarette a certain way , and I ed it , I would steal it . I be nota businessman , never have be . I 'ma bullshit artist , a hustler , a thief --- and that 's the truth of I . it 's all a lie , my whole life --- everything --- except 1h hokey willie . there 's ( oching truer in this world than my love for you . you be the only honest thing I have ever do . mel break down and start to cry . Willie hug he father . mel look over at estelle --- they exchange a soulful , heartbreaking glance before she leave the room . dissolve to : ext . justice department - manhattan - late afternoon it 's a cold and windy day in New York super : " Three month later " int . tuccio' office - justice department - continuous the floor of tuccio 's office be awash in a ocean of stack of file --- the wall be cover by chart , time - line , etc . -- everything pertain to the upcoming abscam trial . boyle , tuccio and mel be seat around a small table cover with transcript . although not fully recover , mel look well on he way -- in a wheel chair , leg still in a cast . tuccio look mel , the defense be go to try to nail we on this , so when they ask you if boyle specifically authorize you to make the approach on tony denato at stella 's --- you need to answer in the affirmative . mel ( chuckle ) in the affirmative ... so you want I to bullshit . tuccio no . we do not lie . we never lie . we just put we own interpretation on the truth . mel I like that , that 's good . I shoulda use that line with estelle . boyle how 's she do ? 126 . mel okay --- consider --- I dunno , I think somehow everything finally 's come out , it freed she up . tuccio and your sure she 's go to wait until after the trial to serve you with the divorce papers ? mel yeah --- I give she everything anyway . suddenly , the door to the office burst OPEN and in storm FBI director houseman look like a man out for blood . boyle and tuccio be surprised and disturb to see he in this state . houseman 's hold a file in he hand --- focus all of he barely control fury on mel . tuccio open he mouth to say i something , but be immediately silence by houseman 's stone cold , " shut the fuck up " glare . houseman where 's the money , mel ? mel money ? ( he look around the table ) what money ? houseman the two million . mel two million ? houseman the two million dollar that I authorize --- that you be suppose to have deposit in ythe boardwalk Bank --- where be it ? mel whaddya mean where be it ? it 's ina bank account --- houseman no , mel , I do not think so --- boyle ( interrupt ) Sir , excuse I , but I personally deposit the money in the bank . houseman what bank ! there be no fucking bank !!! boyle and tuccio be freak and totally confuse . boyle I do not understand --- houseman angrily throw a paper-clipped stack of photo at boyle . 127 . houseman that be take early this morning when agent from the Atlantic City office go to close the abscam account . angle close on a series of photo as tuccio and boyle flip through they . the snapshot reveal that where there be once the boardwalk Bank , there be now just a empty , unoccupied shell of a build . boyle and tuccio be mortify and speechless . boyle do you do this ? houseman of course he do ! that 's who he be ! that 's what he do ! mel look , I wanna be very clear right now . I have absolutely no idea what you be talk about . ( raise eyebrow ) but let 's just say for argument 's sake --- hypothetically speak --- that I do take you fuckin ' money . ( beat ) whaddya you gonna do about it ? houseman I be go to prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law ! mel you be onty a few week out from the start of the trial . Seven congressman . one Senator . biggest case in FBI history --- and you wanna go after you linchpin witness ? hey , I be not a awyer but would not do that play right into the defense 's strategy ? i 2 under ming vey agar ete to think about it Larry . I be you Golden hebe . without my credibility everything fall apart . so I dunno , maybe the smartly move here be to just pretend like this never happen ? --- mel slide the photo towards houseman . mel ( cont'd Cause if you fuck I , you fuck yourself --- hypothetically speak . houseman stand there palpitate with rage , the desperation of he predicament like a scar disfigure he face . houseman I wish the heart attack kill you . 128. mel I understand that this be difficult , and I do not blame you for be upset . but it 's like you say , Larry , when it come to protect 's the foundation of we democracy . ( cut a grin ) sometimes you need to take it in the ass for the team . int . bathroom - marriot HOTEL - manhattan - day mel 's cast be off and he 's completely recover . he stand in front of a mirror in the bathroom --- adjust he tie and primp himself like a actor about to go on stage . Max appear in the mirror in a open robe , nothing under it . she come up behind mel and give he a hug . max it 's gonna be a helluva show . mel yeah . she hand mel a small , thin BOX which have be wrap . mel ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? max it 's that thing you want I to wrap for Jimmy . mel oh right , thanks . ( smile , gesture to box ) hey -- this be a beautiful touch to the play , Max . one of that genius little detail I never woulda come up with on my own . max it be not that big of a deal . mel no , I be there --- it be a moment . ( lock eye in mirror ) I could not have pull this off without you . mel turn around to face Max --- lock eye with she . mel ( cont 'd ) I love you Max . a vulnerable , soul-stirring expression crack across Max 's face --- and she give mel a deep , sensuous kiss . we suddenly hear a banging on the door . grosswald ( 0.s. ) come on , mel ! we be gonna be late . 129 . give Max a final kiss , mel begin to head out of the bathroom --- but be stop my she voice ... max I love you too . they exchange a terrify smile before mel be out the door . ext . federal courthouse - manhattan - day the courtroom step be a media circus --- Reporters , tv crews , photographer all cover the first abscam trial . a_blue van pull up . the door open . grosswald , Polk , and boyle all get out and form a human shield around mel . mel use a cane to walk as they cut they way through the ocean of flashbulb , microphone and insanity . int . hallway - federal courthouse - manhattan - a little later as mel be ushere down the hall he suddenly catch sight of estelle , Willie and frank , estelle 's boyfriend , wait by the door to the witness chamber . mel and Willie see each other and huge smile crack across both they face ... mel hey boychick , glad you make it --- willie I too pop --- mel so grosswald here have get some prime seat for you --- you be gonna be sit with all the FBI agent --- willie cool --- mel why do not you go with he now --- I will catch up with you later ... grosswald usher Willie down the hall and into the courtroom --- leave mel stand there with estelle , boyle and Frank ... after a awkward beat , mel look to Frank and boyle . mel ( cont 'd ) could you guy give we a second ? boyle and Frank step away give they some privacy . mel take a oo. beat to admire estelle --- she ok fabulous , better than we have ever see she --- as though she 's bloom . mel ( cont 'd ) you look fantastic . really --- estelle thanks , I feel good --- mel you know I really appreciate you bring Willie down here --- so he can see I like this --- 130 . estelle he 's you son --- mel nod ... and then gesture to Frank ... mel so how be you and Frank do ? estelle thing be good --- this be better for I --- you know ? mel I be happy for you --- estelle you will drop Willie off at school tomorrow morning ? mel yeah . estelle break a leg up there ... with that , estelle walk to Frank and they exit the courthouse together . boyle come over and give mel a anxious look ... boyle you ready ? mel yeah . mel hand boyle the gift box . boyle what 's this ? mel a little souvenir . nothing fancy . but I think you would appreciate it . mel give boyle a smile and wink and disappear into the Witness chamber , the bailiff close the door behind he . int . courtroom - federal courthouse - manhattan - later the gallery 's pack . tension be thick . Congressman ozzie myer and he Defense team quietly confer on one side of the aisle . tuccio and he staff be in a pregame huddle . angle close on boyle , who 's sit in the last aisle open the gift . first he take off the bow , then tear the paper revealing a velvet pen BOX --- when suddenly --- a solemn look judge appear behind the high bench . court bailiff all rise ! this court be now in session the honorable judge Henry Pratt reside . the court settles down , everyone take they seat . 131. judge ; _ ( to bailiff ) bring in the jury . the jury file in and take they seat . judge ( cont 'd ) good morning , lady and gentleman . Mr. tuccio , do the people wish to call they next witness ? tuccio yes , you honor . the people call melvin weinberg . as the bailiff lead mel into the courtroom and usher he towards the witness stand , boyle open the BOX in he hand . revealing ; a cheap , gold - plate pen and mechanical pencil with " boardwalk bank " engrave onto the side . boyle rub he head --- like he do not want to smile --- he do not want to laugh --- but he can not help it . he look up at mel , shaking he head in reluctant awe and affection --- angle close on mel stand in the witness stand . bailiff raise you right hand . ( mel raise right hand ) do you swear to tell the truth , nothing but the truth , so help you God ? mel turn , look straight into the camera and cut a razor- thin almost imperceptible smile --- like a knife gleam briefly from concealment . we CUT to black . american bullshit the abscam operation ultimately result in a unprecedented number of arrest , but it be the indictment and conviction of six U.S congressman and one U.S Senator that come to define its legacy as one biggest political scandal in american history . in almost every case the accuse claim they be entrap by the FBI and use the tape of mel 's '' pep talk '' with the Senator to support this allegation . nevertheless , the defense be not able to overcome the power of the video evidence of the defendant take bribe money . abscam marre the public 's trust of Congress and its effect on the Democratic Party be especially severe . the scandal be one of the key factor that help deliver the 1980 presidential election to Ronald Reagan , which launch a quarter - century long period of Republican rule in America . abscam 's impact on organize crime be no less significant in that it help undermine the mafia 's master plan to expand and control the gambling industry . after the scandal break every single ballot measure to legalize gambling be defeat by the voter -- six different campaign in six different state . as a result , the mob lose hundred of million of dollar and the secret point holder be eventually force to sell they interest in Atlantic City casinos to the same conglomerate who muscle they out of Las Vegas . today mel weinberg and maxine gardner reside in Florida .