amour written by Michael haneke scene 1 - int . apartment - day the hallway be a mess . a window open onto a light well be open . the door to the apartment be suddenly break open . a plain - clothes detective , two uniform police officer and several firemen - also in uniform - enter and look around . they all wear glove and mask that cover they mouth and nose . behind they , the superintendent and he wife also push they way in . they be both hold they nose . in he free hand , the superintendent hold a pile of mail and promotional flyer . behind he , come a female neighbor . plain -clothes detective ( to the superintendent and the neighbor ) wait outside please . he signal to a police officer who herd the curious onlooker back out through the door . police officer ( to the superintendent , point to a pile of mail ) what 's the date of the last letter ? superintendent ( verifying ) the 16th from what I can see ... wait ... the plain-clothes detective have try in vain to open the door on the leave . it have be seal up with adhesive tape . plain -clothes detective ( to the fire officer ) can you try ? while the firemen go to work on the door , the plain- clothes detective go into the adjoin dining room . he open the window quickly and turn to go into the room to the leave via the double door . they be lock and the gap be also tape up . he turn to the right and go into the live room , where he also open up the window ... fireman ( o.s. ) the door be open . ... and come back into the hallway , pass by the wait firemen . once again , we hear snatch of dialogue between the police officer and the janitor . 2 . janitor ... no as far as I know . during the whole time , they have a nurse , but it 's be a while since I last see she . my wife have be ... the plain-clothes detective enter the bedroom which be now accessible . its window be open and the draft make the curtain billow into the room . plain -clothes detective ( to the firemen who be now curious enough to come and stand by the door ) do you open the window ? the firemen shake they head . the plain -clothes detective turn toward the big double bed place against the back wall of the bedroom . on the right - hand bed , there 's only the bare mattress . on the left-hand bed lie the partly decompose body of a old woman . where once there be eye , now there be only gape hole . the corpse have be neatly dress and be adorn with flower that have already dry out a little . on she chest be a crucifix . scene 2 - White letter on a black background : the credit scene 3 - int . concert hall - night all we see be the audience pour into the hall . george and anne , both be around eighty , be part of this crowd . they go to they seat in one of the row near the front . once everybody be seat , we hear the usual announcement ask people to turn off they mobile phone . some people , catch with they phone switch on , hasten to comply . then the light go out . applause . off-screen , we hear the soloist make he entrance . throat be cleare here and there . finally , the music begin . scene 4 - int . artist dressing room - night the music from scene 3 continue . the soloist be surround by admirer who congratulate he . now Georges and Anne push they way into the room . ( if the soloist be female , they will be carry flower , like most of the other ) . 3. when the soloist notice they presence , he leave he group of fan , head towards they and greet they very warmly , visibly glad to see they . scene 5 - int . bus - night continuation of the music from scene 3 . Georges and Anne be seat side by side in the half empty bus . Anne talk enthusiastically , Georges say something from time to time , and smile now and then . they be both relaxed and happy . scene 6 - int . apartment - hallway - night the door to the apartment be unlock and open from the outside . the music end . Georges come in , turn on the light . he and Anne observe the open door . around the lock , one can see the trace of a attempt force entry . Georges bend down and run he finger over the deep groove . george they use a screwdriver or something like that ... it do not look very professional ... anne but who would do something like that ? george no idea . why do people break in ? because they want to steal something . anne from we ? george ( laugh briefly out loud ) hey , why not ? if I think about it , I could come up with at least three or four people we know who have be burgle . after have examine the outside of the second leaf of the double door , he come in , close the door behind he . 4. anne what time be it ? can not we call the superintendent ? george I will do that tomorrow morning . anyway , they do not see anything . he unbutton he overcoat and head toward the large closet in the hallway . george ( cont 'd ) do not let it spoil you good mood now . anne or the police ? george come on , give I you coat . she go toward he , he take she coat off and hang it with he in the closet . anne imagine if we be here , in we bed , and someone break in . george why should I imagine that ? anne but it 's terrible ! I think I would die of fright . george ( laughing ) so would I . he undoe he shoe . george ( cont 'd ) shall we have a drink ? anne I be tired . george I still fancy a drink . he put away he shoe with the other and slip on he slipper . Anne have go into the bathroom . 5 . anne ( o.s. ) go ahead then . mathilde tell I that in she building , the attic apartment be burgle from the loft . they just knock a hole in the wall , cut out all of the valuable picture from they frame and disappear without a trace . he go toward the kitchen . george they must have be professional . as he pass in front of the bathroom , he stop and appear to be look at Anne . george ( cont 'd ) do I tell you , you look good tonight ? short pause . then : anne ( o.s. ) ( flattered ) what 's get into you ? with a gentle laugh , Georges disappear into the kitchen , where he turn on the light . we hear he fiddling around , apparently get a glass and some wine . after a short pause : anne ( cont 'd ) be not that semiquaver in the presto incredible ? what staccato ! do not you agree ? short pause . george ( o.s. ) you be proud of he , huh ? scene 7 - int . bedroom - night Georges wake up . he look with amazement beside he , then raise he eye . Anne be sit upright , she back against the headboard . george ( cont 'd ) something wrong ? anne no . 6. after a while , the ringing of a kitchen egg-timer lead we to the next scene . scene 8 - int . kitchen - day the egg timer in the kitchen ring . Georges be seat in front of the window , at a table which be half set for breakfast . he have mobile phone raise to he ear and a phone book open in front of he . Anne be get up from the table . she go toward the stove , turn off the gas , take the egg out of the pan with a spoon and run it under cold water . like Georges , she be still in she robe . george ( on the phone ) what about next week ? no but still , it would make sense to get it do soon . it might give people silly idea . and anyway , it 's too ugly to look at ... Wednesday ? what time ? ok ... will you bring the paint with you too , to paint over it ? but at least some primer ... yes , ok . thank you . he hang up . george ( cont 'd ) ( to anne ) you can depend on that guy . anne ( who come back to the table with the egg ) I hope so . the last time , he keep we wait for age , if you remember . george ( laugh while acquiescing ) yes , that 's true . ( reacting when she place the egg in he egg cup ) thanks . if I call a regular professional , we will still be wait two month time . anne ( more to herself ) really ? she have sit down . look straight ahead . he crack open he egg , put salt on it , eat . 7. george the frodon wait three day when they toilet be block . not exactly pleasant . he eat . want to put on more salt , but the saltcellar be empty . george ( cont 'd ) the saltcellar be empty . he look up for a instant , as if he expect she to deal with it . as she do not react , he realize the inappropriateness of such a expectation , get up himself , head for the kitchen cupboard and fill the salt cellar . george ( cont 'd ) I do not know if he 's go to bring we the CD . maybe he will not come at all . in any case , he do not mention it . I would like to buy it . it be really good and I do not want to wait long for it . we could go to virgin this afternoon and buy it . what do you say ? he come back to the table and sit down again . george ( cont 'd ) hmmm ? Anne ? what 's the matter ? she look at he and do not answer . george ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? what 's the matter ? he wave he hand in front of she eye and laugh nervously . george ( cont 'd ) helllloooo !!! cuckoo !!! I be here ! she continue to look at he without reacting . george ( cont 'd ) ( serious now ) Anne ! what 's go on ? he wait , look at she . no reaction . he stand up slightly , lean over the table to sit beside she . tries to make she turn toward he . george ( cont 'd ) Anne , what 's the matter ? 8. he manage to get she torso to turn halfway toward he , but she eye look through he . george ( cont 'd ) Anne ... what 's ... he take she face in both hand and turn toward he . george ( cont 'd ) Anne ... she stare into the void . he drop he hand . then sit beside she , for quite awhile . silence finally he get up , head for the sink , turn on the tap , wet a tea towel , wring it out a little , come back and place it on Anne 's face . wait for a reaction that do not come . then he pull up she hair in the nape of she neck and apply the cloth there . then sit down and look at she imploringly . george ( cont 'd ) ( close to tear ) Anne ... darling ... please ! once again they both remain seat . in the background , we hear the gushing of the tap that in he panic he have forget to turn it off . make a sudden decision , he get up , rapidly crossing the hallway , he go into the bedroom where he start to dress agitatedly , which take he quite a lot of time . suddenly , the gushing of the tap stop , which have accompany we as far as the bedroom . George do not notice it immediately , then he stop short . george ( cont 'd ) Anne ? finally he return , half dress , into the kitchen . Anne be seat in the same place and look at he . anne what be you do ? she turn toward the breakfast . anne ( cont 'd ) you leave the water run . 9. Georges stare at she . george ( both aghast and furious ) hey , what 's go on ? be you completely crazy ? be this suppose to be a joke , or what 's go on ? she look at he with amazement . anne what do you say ? george ( seriously ) be this a joke ? be this mean to be a joke ? anne what joke ? I do not get it ! why be you talk to I like that ? what 's get into you ? Georges come from the door to the table . george Anne ! please ! stop this game . it 's not funny . anne ( getting irritate ) what game , for Christ 's sake ? what on earth 's the matter ?!! Georges be about to answer in a similarly irritate tone , but gradually begin to suspect that he could be mistaken . he try to calm down , take he chair that have remain beside Anne , sit down and look at he wife . she do not know how to react . george what 's the matter ? why do not you react ? anne to what ? george to what ? to I , to everything . anne when ? 10 . george just now . a moment ago . anne please tell I what 's wrong . what be I suppose to have do ? Georges first look away reluctantly , then look at Anne . he do not want to believe that its serious . george I do not know what to say . do you really not know what just happen ? anne but what did happen ? george ( almost reluctantly bow he head as he speak ) you be sit there , stare at I . you do not answer I when I ask you what the matter be . he pick up the wet tea towel from the table . george ( cont 'd ) I put this tea towel on you face , and you do not react . Anne look at the towel , then at Georges , and shake she head , perturb that she can not understand . Georges look at she . he see the damp mark on the collar of she robe . george ( cont 'd ) look ... there 's still dampness on you collar . Anne follow he gesture , tug on she collar and see the damp mark . she slowly grasp that something be awry . anne when ... when be it ? george just now , a few minute ago . anne so ...?? george there 's no " so " . I go into the bedroom to get dress . I want to get help . 11 . anne help ? george yes , and then you turn off the tap . anne yes . because you leave it on . silence anne ( cont 'd ) I do not understand . george neither do I . pause . george ( cont 'd ) do not you think it 's best if I call Dr. bertier ? anne why ? what can he do ? george I do not know . examine you . anne I be fine . there 's nothing wrong with I . george Anne , please !! that 's absurd . we can not pretend that nothing happen . anne but what did happen ? pause . anne ( cont 'd ) I be here . I be have my breakfast , and you be tell I thing happen that I do not understand . george can you explain how the tea towel get there ? 12 . anne ( irritate ) no , I can not ! george who turn on the tap ? anne you do ! george can you remember that ? anne ( more and more desperate , close to tear ) no I can not ! do you want to torture I ? leave I in peace ! Georges look at she . george do not you think it would be better to fetch Dr. bertier ? anne no ! she take she cup of tea , as if to show how well she be , and drink it up . when she want to re-fill she cup , she completely miss she aim . she notice it , put down she cup and burst into tear . scene 9 - int . apartment - night silence we see wide shot of the apartment . the hallway . the bedroom . the live room . the dining room . the kitchen . nobody in sight . scene 10 - int . live room - day eva , around 50 , have come to pay a visit . Anne be not there . eva you know how he be . once he 's get something into he head , he have to go through with it . in the end , everybody be delighted . and besides , it do not hurt we financial situation . we be play until the 28th . ( more ) 13 . eva ( cont 'd ) then we have 10 day to rest , then we go to stockholm for four day , and then to kumo in Finland . Heaven know where that be . at the North pole . but geoff 's already be there few time , and he love it . we be play the " dowland transcription " there and then we be back in London . george what about the child ? eva Liz be at board school and John be live he own life . he 's twenty - six year old . george what do he do ? eva he 's a student . we rarely see he . he 's get he own idea . life geoff . they do not really get along . geoff want to advise he on everything , and John do not like that at all . george be he good ? eva I think so . he 's less impulsive . very industrious . george that sound rather derogatory . eva no !! he 's not like geoff . quiet , but stubborn . I think he will do all right . at the last conservatory concert , he play the solo part in the haydn concerto . it be very good . geoff be there and congratulate he at the end . brief pause . george and you ? eva what do you mean ? 14 . george do you both make up ? eva ( with a little laugh ) my God , you know he , do not you ? over the winter , he suddenly discover he passion for a viola player who would be in we ensemble for year . what can I tell you ? it be a huge drama , and the poor little darling wound up try to commit suicide . that scared he and he come back to I in full remorse . I have get use to it now . what 's a bit embarrassing be that the ensemble , you can not keep any secret from anyone . george do you love he ? eva yes , I think so . brief pause . eva ( cont 'd ) what 's aphasia ? Georges gesture that it 's too complicated . george what can I say ? the carotid artery be block . they do a ultrasound scan , two in fact , and they say they have to operate on she . she be scared . she be confuse and scared . you know she have always be afraid of doctor . they say the risk be very low and that if they do not operate , she would be certain to have a serious stroke . eva and what do they say now ? george just that it do not go well . it 's one of the 5 % that go wrong . he yawn . 15 . george ( cont 'd ) it 's pretty upsetting . he look at he watch . george ( cont 'd ) usually at this time , I take a nap . my blood sugar be somewhere down in my sock . pause . eva I be so sorry . george yeah . pause . eva what can I do for you ? george nothing . it be nice of you to come despite all of you stress . brief pause . she do not know what to say . george ( cont 'd ) no , really . there 's nothing you can do . we will see how thing go when she 's back here in the apartment . we will manage . maybe I will get a caretaker in , or maybe I will manage on my own . we will see . we have be through quite a lot in we time , you mother and I . ( little laugh ) all this be still a bit new . pause . eva ( with a little laugh ) it 's funny . I do not know if I should say it . maybe it will embarrass you . but when I come here a short while ago , I suddenly remember how I always use to listen to the two of you make love when I be little . ( more ) 16 . eva ( cont 'd ) for I , at the time , it be reassure . it give I a feel that you love each other , and that we would always be together . scene 11 - int . bedroom - day a carpenter and he assistant be raise the base of the double bed . Georges watch . scene 12 - int . hallway - live room - day the door of the apartment be open . Georges come in . behind he be Anne in a wheelchair , push by a paramedic . a second paramedic ( as young as the first ) follow with a suitcase and a large bag . behind they , the superintendent . Georges try to rid of the three as quickly as possible . he stuff a twenty euro note into the hand of the first paramedic . george here . thank you very much . it 's for both of you . you can just put the thing down here . there , beside the window , right . we will be okay on we own . thanks a lot . the two paramedics exchange a brief glance , say thanks , and leave the apartment , pass the superintendent as they go . george ( cont 'd ) ( to the superintendent ) thank you , Mr. mery . superintendent if you need anything , just call downstairs . if we can help at all ... george right now everything 's fine . I will let you wife know as soon as we need anything . superintendent ( to anne ) it 's nice to have you back , Mrs. Laurent . anne yes . thank you , Mr. mery . thank you . 17 . the superintendent hesitates another moment . anne ( cont 'd ) yes , thanks . superintendent yes ... so ... Goodbye then , mar 'am . welcome home again . Goodbye , sir. george Goodbye , Mr. mery . superintendent Goodbye . he leave the apartment . there be a brief moment of perplexity . then Georges say : george ( with a nervous smile ) where do you want ... anne in the live room . Georges push she toward the live room door , walk around the wheelchair , open the door , come back behind the wheelchair and push Anne into the live room . the doorway be narrow . the wheelchair only just pass through it . Georges push Anne toward the sofa and the armchair and then step in front of she . george shall I make some tea ? anne ( with a faint smile ) first come sit with I . George register she smile ; he know he 's behave in a clumsy way . he sit down in one of the two arm chair . anne ( cont 'd ) can you help I into the chair ? Georges stand back up . george ( eagerly ) of course . 18. he extend he hand . she put on the wheelchair brake , lift the footrest with she leave foot , raise she right leg from the footrest with she leave hand and then extend she leave arm to Georges . anne it 's best if you put my arm around you neck and you right arm around I , that way it will be easy . he do as he be tell , pull she up as they hobble together the short distance to the second arm chair . cautiously , he lower she down and help she sit herself straight . because they be not use to it , the whole process appear awkward and clumsy . anne ( cont 'd ) thanks . he smile because it seem silly to he to answer " do not mention it " . then he sit down opposite she . long pause . at first they be both ill at ease , but then they accept the fact that word do not come easily . after a long while , during which we hear the intermittent sound of the traffic below . george ( softly almost to himself ) I be glad you be back . anne ( in a voice just as soft ) I too . another pause . then Anne say : anne ( cont 'd ) promise I one thing . george what ? anne please never take I back to the hospital . george what ? pause . 19 . she look at he . he have understand . anne you promise ? george Anne ... anne you promise ? pause . george Anne , I ... anne do not talk right now . and do not give I any lecture . please . brief pause . george what can I say , it 's ... anne ( interrupting he ) nothing . just do not say anything . ok ?! pause . scene 13 - int . bedroom - night he help she into bed , then throw the blanket over she . george there . anne thank you . thank you , darling . george everything ok ? anne ( smiling ) everything 's fine . he hesitates . 20 . anne ( cont 'd ) you do not have to hold my hand all the time now . I can look after myself , you know . he nod . anne ( cont 'd ) and do not feel guilty . that would be pointless . and a drag . for I too . george I do not feel guilty . anne that 's good . she smile . anne ( cont 'd ) go over there now . I be not a cripple . you can easily leave I alone for two minute . I will not collapse . george ( with a slight smile ) ok . anne do you buy the new book on harnoncourt ? george I have already read it . anne and ? george do you want it ? I will get it for you . anne sure . he go out of the room to fetch the book . she remain lie there , wait , and run she healthy leave hand through she hair to make herself look prettier , then smooth out the blanket that have slip out of place a little . after a while , we hear Georges shouting . 21 . george ( o.s. ) I do not know where I put it . anne do not worry . it be not that important . george ( o.s. ) yes , it be . hold on , maybe it 's in the ... just a moment ! Viola ! here you be ! nothing like a infallible memory ! she smile , look in he direction . he enter with the book in he hand . george ( cont 'd ) I think I would leave it over there in the other room , but I would already put it away . tidy people just can not help be tidy . anne ( take the book ) thanks . she put the book on she stomach . look at Georges . anne ( cont 'd ) right now , take care of yourself . and do not wait to see how I hold the book in my hand , ok ? george ok . he look at she for a moment longer , then leave the bedroom . she wait till he 's outside . tries to relax . then she remember the book . she take it in she leave hand and try to open it . it 's not easy for she . then she notice that she 's forget she glass . she rest the book back on the bed cover and fish for she glass on the night stand . in the end , she manage it . then she open the book again , and try to read . scene 14 - int . kitchen - day the superintendent 's wife put the fill supermarket bag on the counter . take the stack of mail that she have put on top of one of the bag and put it down beside they . then she take out the receipt and the change . 22. superintendant's wife unfortunately the strawberry be already moldy . I will go and get you some fresh one tomorrow from the market . my husband will bring you the bottled water this afternoon . I be not suppose to carry anything heavy : my back , you know ... george sure , no problem . superintendent's wife it come to 76 euros and 40 cent . there 's the till receipt and here 's you change : 23 euros 60 . george thank you very much . keep the change . thanks . superintendent's wife thank you , sir . short embarrassed pause . superintendent's wife ( cont 'd ) well , I will be off . call I if you need anything else . george yes . I will . superintendent's wife be you wife well ? ... george yes , she 's ok . she 's recover . superintendent's wife Fine . give she my regards . my husband and I be very glad she 's back . george yes , we be too . bye , Mrs. méry , thanks so much . superintendent's wife Goodbye , sir . she head toward the front door of the apartment , turn around again toward Georges . 23. superintendent's wife ( cont 'd ) I will bring you the strawberry tomorrow around noon , if that suit you . he nod , she close the door as she leave . scene 15 - int . hallway - toilet - day he stand in front of the close door of the toilet , wait . after a while , we hear the noise of flush . after a while longer , we hear anne ( o.s. ) there . can you come in , please ? he open the toilet door , go around Anne , pull she up , she put she leave arm around he neck , keep herself upright that way , he pull up she pants under she skirt . then they slowly hobble out of the toilet and he sit she back down in the wheelchair . scene 16 - int . bedroom - night they be both lie in they bed . Anne sleep , breathing noisily . Georges lie with he eye open , listen attentively to she breathe . scene 17 - int . kitchen - day the sun shine in . Georges have cook something simple . they be both in a good mood , eat and drink . george ... some banal romance or other about a nobleman and a lower middle - class girl who could not have each other and who then , out of sheer magnanimity , decide to renounce they love - in fact I do not quite remember it any more . in any case , afterwards I be thoroughly distraught , and it take I a bit of time to calm down . in the courtyard of the house where grandma live , there be a young guy at the window who ask I where I would be . he be a couple of year older than I , a braggart who of course really impressed I . " to the movie " , I say , because I be proud that my grandma have give I the money to go all alone to the cinema . ( more ) 24 . george ( cont 'd ) " what do you see ? " I start to tell he the story of the movie , and as I do , all the emotion come back . I do not want to cry in front of the boy , but it be impossible ; there I be , cry out loud in the courtyard , and I tell he the whole drama to the bitter end . anne so ? how do he react ? george no idea . he probably find it amusing . I do not remember . I do not remember the film either . but I remember the feel . that I be ashamed of cry , but that tell he the story make all my feeling and tear come back , almost more powerfully than when I be actually watch the film , and that I just could not stop . she look at he , smile , then turn back to she food . anne that 's cute . why do not you ever tell I before ? george there be still a few storey you do not know . anne aha ...? do not tell I you be go to ruin you image in you old age ? george ( grinning ) you bet I will not . but what be my image ? she take a mouthful , eat ponderously . then she look at he . anne ( tenderly ) sometimes you be a rotter . but you be nice . george ( embarrassed grin ) can I take you for a drink ? 25 . she laugh . scene 18 - int . hallway - day he do physiotherapy exercise with she . count the repetitive movement of the exercise . scene 19 - int . live room - day she 's lie on the sofa . he 's seat in the armchair . they be both read the newspaper . after a while : anne listen to this ! my horoscope . motto : you have lot of verve , but need to be more serious ! Love : High -class conversation be what you need . work : you be motivate again . but proceed with care . Health : loosen up by do exercise . it will give you renew pizzazz . pause . then george ( good - humored ) you have only yourself to blame if you read stuff like that . brief pause . then : george ( cont 'd ) tomorrow afternoon be Pierre 's funeral . anne you have to go . george I fear I must . I do not want to go at all . anne who do like go to funeral ? george oh , I know a few people who do . annette can never wait to get all dolled up again . and François have ... 26 . anne you be mean . what would you say if no one come to you funeral ? george ( dryly ) nothing , presumably . she shoot he a glance , smile at he irony . then she say : anne have you talk to Jeanne since I be in the hospital ? I mean , do she know I can not come ? george of course . anne what do she say ? george she be shocked . anne how ? george ( a bit irritate ) my God , what be people like when they be shocked ? she could not believe it , she be speechless . I do not remember any more . in any case , not exactly . I have speak to a lot of people since . pause . anne sorry . george no , I be sorry . I do not mean to be unkind , but I just do not see the point of talk about it all the time . short pause . anne do I talk about it all the time ? 27 . george no. sorry . anne do not worry . scene 20 - int . hallway - live room - day the front door be unlock from the outside , and Georges enter . he 's back from the funeral , dress for the occasion . he turn on the light . he 's wet . clearly , it 's be raining . as he close the door again , he eye fall on Anne . with she back to he , she be sit on the floor in front of the open window of the light well , half propped against she wheelchair . george what ... ?! shaken , he head toward she , pick she up and seat she in the wheelchair . outside , in the light well , it be raining . pause . anne ( once she 's seat in the wheelchair ) why be you back already ? what time be it ? pause . Georges have understand immediately . he close the window noiselessly . then just stand there , at a loss . silence . then anne ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) forgive I , I be too slow . george Anne ... anne can you wheel I into the live room ? pause . george yes . 28 . he turn toward she , push the wheelchair into the live room between the two armchair . turn on the light . stop beside the switch . they both look exhaust . george ( cont 'd ) you be always good at surprise . anne yes . why be you home earlier ? george I do not come home earlier . I take a taxi . in August , there be not a lot of traffic . anne that 's true . how be the funeral ? george Anne ...! anne how be it , go on , tell I ! he think a instant , then go and sit down face she in a armchair . look at she . she raise she head and return he look . he understand that he can not insist right now . Long pause . then he begin : george it be rather bizarre . the priest be a idiot . then one of Pierre 's co - worker make a speech that be embarrassingly emotional . his old secretary come with a radio - cassette player and after the speech she put on " yesterday " by the Beatles . you can not imagine . everybody turn round to look at she . apparently , it be not plan . his grandchild be there . of course they giggle as soon as the music begin . then the urn be put on a huge stretcher that be obviously design for a coffin , and out we go into the rain . they place the urn on a small electric cart that crawle along for what seem like a eternity to the tiny hole they have dig . a lot of people have to stifle they laughter . it must have be terrible for Jeanne . I have ... 29 . anne ( interrupting he ) there 's just no point in go on live . I know it can only get worse . why should I inflict it on we ? on you and I . george you be not inflict anything on I . anne you do not have to lie , Georges . pause . george imagine you be I . do not you ever think something like this could happen to one of we ? anne of course I do . but imagination and reality have little in common . george but thing be get better every day . we will ... anne ( interrupting he ) Georges , I do not want to carry on . you be make such effort to make everything easier for I . but I do not want to go on . for my own sake . not yours . george I do not believe you . I know you . you think you be a burden on I . but what if thing be the other way around ? what would you do then ? anne I do not know . I can not be bother to think about be you . I be tired . you tire I . everything tire I . I can not talk . I want to go to bed . he look at she . finally he get up and push she wheelchair out of frame . scene 21 - int . bedroom - night 30 . she be lie in bed . the bedside lamp be on . we hear the radio come from the live room : a program about the fauna and flora of the South Seas , or something similar . scene 22 - int . hallway - live room - day Georges come out of the kitchen and open the front door . on the doorstep stand the soloist ( male or female ) from scene 3 and 4. george ( somewhat perplex , but pleased ) oh hello ! Nice to see you . soloist forgive I for drop in on you like this , Professor . I try to reach you by phone a couple of time , but no luck . george I be sorry . I only pick up the phone when I have store the caller 's number and I can see who 's call . why do not you leave a message ? anyway , do come in ... he close the door behind he guest . soloist I just could not manage to come by after the concert . I be so sorry , because I be so pleased you come along . george come with I . while they pass into the live room , they continue to speak : soloist ... and now , a unexpected opportunity have arisen because François mitry call I - you know he , he 's my agent - to say he would arrange for I to meet the boss of the Théâtre des champ -elysé tonight to talk about they new concert series . ( more ) 31 . soloist ( cont 'd ) so I fly to Paris this morning , and while I be in my hotel , I think , I will just give it a try and drop in . after all , it 's virtually just around the corner . sorry , this be for you wife . he take the bouquet of flower from its wrapping paper and hand it to Georges . soloist ( cont 'd ) be not she at home ? george yes , she be . I will go and get she in a minute . have a seat . soloist I hope I be not disturbing you too much . george no , not at all . I be happy that you come . we be so thrilled by you concert . we hope we would see you again soon . please do have a seat . can I can get you something ? a cup of tea ? soloist no , no , thank you very much . george hold on , I will just freshen up the flower ; in this heat they will so fast ... soloist I have only just buy they . they should keep quite ... but Georges have already leave the room with the bouquet and close the door behind he . the soloist look around he . after a few moment we hear the voice of Anne and Georges in the distance , without understanding what they be say . it last a while . finally Georges open the door and push Anne , in she wheelchair , into the live room . 32 . anne Martin ! what a delight . how lovely to see you ! the ( male or female ) soloist have get up and do not quite know how to handle the situation . soloist Mrs. Laurent ! Lovely to see you too . anne do not get up . come on , sit yourself down and do not look so shocked . the soloist sit down hesitantly , Georges push the wheelchair between the two armchair and also sit down . brief embarrassed pause . anne ( cont 'd ) I be so proud of you . we be both in rapture after you concert . Georges want to buy you new CD the very next morning . soloist oh God ! I want to bring you the CD , but I leave in such a hurry that I forget it . I be so sorry . I will get one today and drop it by . anne ( smiling ) no , no , do not worry . we want to make a contribution to you success . even if it 's only twenty euros . soloist you have already contribute so much . I owe you so much , Madame . anne you owe it to you hard work and you talent . soloist ( shaking he head a little ) do you remember , when you first give I the bagatelles to play ? I be twelve at the time , and in my youthful arrogance I say : " but why the bagatelles ? " and you really give I a piece of you mind . 33. they both smile . pause . then he go on : soloist ( cont 'd ) so what happen ? anne my right side be paralyze , that 's all . it can happen when you get older . soloist and how ...? anne let 's talk about something else , shall we ? soloist ( disconcerted ) sure ... anne do not be offended . but I want to enjoy the lovely interlude you have give we with you visit . soloist ( disarmed ) of course . brief pause . george you have not tell we yet what 's be go on since the Paris concert . the soloist be a bit throw by the couple 's behavior . soloist well , actually I have spend most of the time in London study . then I go to Copenhagen for two performance , that be schubert too . my whole life revolve around schubert at the moment . the concert with the impromptus and the moment musicaux , and for my bread- and - butter work I be develop the sonatas . not the late one , I think I still need a couple more year for that . 34 . ( the dialogue concern music will be modify accord to the performer choose . ) anne could you do I a favor ? soloist ( surprised ) really ? anne would you play für elise ? soloist ( embarrassed ) um , I do not know if I remember it very well . Beethoven , it 's be a long time since I have ... but if you want ... anne give it a try . soloist ( hesitantly ) ok . he look at Georges , then at Anne again , get up , go to the grand piano and play . scene 23 - int . hallway - day Georges be lean against the chest , and watch Anne , who be practice maneuver she new electric wheelchair . forward , backward , turn . in the end , she go round and round in circle several time . he laugh , so do she . scene 24 - int . bedroom - live room - night Anne be lie in bed . a book rest on she stomach . she listen to the piano play come from the live room . after a while the music stop . anne what 's the matter ? live room Georges be seat in front of the open piano . his hand in he lap , he look straight ahead . scene 25 - int . live room - day 35 . the superintendent 's wife run the vacuum cleaner over a carpet . scene 26 - int . bathroom - night Anne be seat on a stool . Georges wash she . scene 27 - int . kitchen - hallway - bedroom - twilight Georges have cook himself a steak and be eat . on the radio , we hear the evening news . suddenly , come from the neighbor room , a loud crash and the SOUND of crockery break . stifled cry from Anne . Georges get up , irritate , cross the hallway and enter the bedroom . Anne lie on the floor , beside the overturn night stand , in the midst of the crockery and remain of a meal . george ( shocked , and hence furious ) good God , what be you do ? he hurry toward she and pull she up rather roughly into the bed . george ( cont 'd ) have you lose you sense ?! I do not believe it ! how stupid ! he point to the break object . george ( cont 'd ) look at that ! do you need to do that ? can not you call I when you need something ? anne ( meekly ) I be sorry . george ( still furious ) yes , so be I . anne ( softly ) sorry . Georges bend down , and begin to gather up the scattered object . george the lamp be break too . scene 28 - int . bathroom - hallway - annex - day 36 . bathroom . Georges , in pajama pants , naked torso , brushes he tooth . the doorbell ring . Georges spit out , wipe he mouth , go into the hallway and over to the front door . george ( cont 'd ) yes ? who 's there ? no answer . Georges be very irritate . o.s. , Anne call to he : anne Georges ? what 's go on ? who be it ? Georges open the door . outside , however , instead of the usual landing , we see a empty room light a giorno but without a window , about as large as the room in the apartment . it look like a unpaint room in a new apartment . a couple of ladder be propped against the opposite wall . at the other end of the room , to the side , be a small door . Georges be stunne , and do not understand what have happen . hesitate , he cross the room toward the door . o.s. , in the distance , Anne 's worried voice : anne ( cont 'd ) Georges ? what 's go on ? Georges open the small door . behind it be a narrow , windowless corridor , as brightly light as the room . at the end of the corridor , a door . Georges head toward this door and open it too . behind it be a tiny windowless room , equally bright as the other . everything be very quiet . Georges enter , turn round , then go back along the corridor , cross the room , come through the apartment door into the hallway of the apartment . but it too be now empty and bright , with bare unpaint wall , no door ; only the door to the bedroom be open . behind that too , it appear to be empty and bright . Georges go toward it . at the same time , we hear george ' voice . at first he groan , but then begin inarticulately holler , louder and louder . shortly after , we also hear : anne's voice : Georges , what 's go on ? scene 29 - int . bedroom - night darkness . george hollers 37 . anne's voice calm down will you ! there 's nothing there . it 's nothing . she manage to switch on the bedside lamp . Georges be sit up in he bed , have just awoken , wide - eye with terror . his breathe be labor . Anne extend she good hand toward he , caress he back to calm he . he slowly calm down and flop back on he pillow . anne what be it ? he do not answer . continue breathe heavily . she caress he . george ( still with labor breathe ) I do not understand ... I think I would go mad ... it be something impossible ... anne what be ? scene 30 - int . bedroom - day Close shot on the screen of a cell phone . we read on it : come to Paris on 12th . plan to stop by in afternoon . hope all well . so look forward to see you . Love eva. we hear o.s. the voice of george Eva . they be come on the 12th . he crouch down in front of Anne who be seat on the bed , put he mobile phone back in he pocket and continue to put on she sock and she shoe . anne why ? george no idea . apparently she 's come with geoff . anne when be it ? 38 . george I do not know exactly . what day be it today ? I will go and look . short pause . anne I do not want that . george what ? anne geoff do not need to come . pause . Georges do not agree , but continue to dress Anne . anne ( cont 'd ) I do not need any comment on my predicament . I can only take he british humor in small dose . scene 31 - int . hallway - day once more the set of physiotherapy exercise . thing be go better . Georges smile encouragingly at Anne , notice she improvement . she react like someone duty -bound , but without conviction . scene 32 - int . live room - day Close shot : a CD be insert into a player . as the music begin ( the concert hear in scene 3 ) , Georges take a card out of the envelope that contain the CD and read it to anne : george dear Madame Laurent , dear monsieur Laurent , it be beautiful and yet sad to see you . my heartfelt wish that thing will get better . with deep gratitude , you former pupil , Martin . the music make they silence less awkward . then , after a long while , Anne say : anne stop the CD . he hesitates , look at she , then stop the music . they remain silent . 39 . scene 33 - int . kitchen - adjoining room - day they eat . suddenly , Anne say : anne ( cont 'd ) where be the family album ? george the family album ? I do not know , there , in the other room . why ? anne can you get they for I ? george what , now ? Anne nod . george ( cont 'd ) why , Anne ? anne I would like to look at they . Georges hesitates , and do not understand the suddenness of this request . anne ( cont 'd ) please ! he finally get up and go into the adjoin room . he come back after a few moment with a stack of album , push away the remain of Anne 's meal and set down the first album in front of she . anne ( cont 'd ) thanks . george ( a bit irritate ) you be welcome . with she able hand , Anne open the album , look at the photo , turn the page , look . anne that 's nice . george ( self - consciously , softly ) what ? 40 . anne life ... so long ... what a long life ... Georges look at she . she continue to thumb through the page . after a while she turn toward he . anne ( cont 'd ) stop watch I . george ( catch in the act ) I be not watch you . anne of course you be . I be not that dumb yet . scene 24 - int . bedroom - night they be both lie in bed . Georges read the day 's news to Anne from the newspaper . when he look over to she , she have fall asleep . he then put the newspaper on the night stand and turn out the light . scene 35 - int . bedroom - hallway - bathroom - day bedroom . it 's morning . Georges be help Anne to get out of bed into she wheelchair . as he do it , he notice that the bed and she nightgown be wet . george you be soak through . anne what do you mean ? brief pause . george hold on . he sit she back on the bed and go out of the room . george ( cont 'd ) I will be right back . during this time , she remain seat , feel embarrassed , and wait . he come back with a towel and put it on the seat of the wheelchair . 41 . george ( cont 'd ) it 's no big deal . come on . he lift she out of the bed into the wheelchair and push she through the hallway into the bathroom . he lift she out of the wheelchair , sit she on the stool and take off she wet nightgown , pull it over she head . she start to sob inconsolably . he caress she face . george ( cont 'd ) come on , darling . it 's nothing serious . thing like that happen .. anne ( sobbing ) I can not ... take it any more . he hold she tightly against he , stroke she hair , feel helpless . george my love . my darling . scene 36 - int . bedroom - day Anne be in bed . she 's on a drip . Eva be seat on a chair beside the bed . eva ... think about whether it would not be better to invest the money in a apartment block . if inflation get go again , property be the only sure thing . right now , savings account pay 1.75 % at best . four year ago , geoff buy some stock with a small sum of money and the whole thing collapse . so now we be obviously worried . unfortunately , in the meantime , other people have have the same idea , and property price be go through the roof . since we come back from scandinavia , I spend all my spare time look through newspaper ad . to put a end to the pause that follow , she add : eva ( cont 'd ) it take time , that 's all . we will find something in the end . 42 . another oppressive pause . anne ( slowly ) yes yes I have ... I have ... the grandmother ... woman with house ... not ... the house then ... money eva I do not understand you , I be afraid . anne ... yes ... now ... it 's all ... house sel ... sel ... sel ... be ... in two stroke of ... so quickly ... god it 's hard ... to say ... sell ... money go ... leave ... there too ... pause . Eva have tear in she eye . scene 37 - int . live room - day Georges and Eva 's husband , geoff , around fifty . he speak with a british accent . george ... three time a week ... I be not experience enough . we will see if that 's enough . geoff how much be she ask ? george it 's pay by the hour . we will see . geoff and she ? george Anne ? geoff nod . Georges shrug . george ( cont 'd ) it 's hard to say . sometimes I get the feel she 's totally unaware of the state she 's in . and then I feel the opposite . it 's ... I do not know . geoff and what about the doctor ? what do he say ? 43. george he 's ... Eva come in through the door . she 's in flood of tear . eva ( crying ) she only talk gibberish . I do not know what ... geoff get up , hesitantly . geoff hey , dear ... he go toward she and lead she to the armchair where he be sit . geoff ( cont 'd ) ... come here , sit down , it 's ok . she shake he off , irritate , and sit down . eva nothing be ok . at first he 's vex by she brusque response , but then go to sit down on the sofa . meanwhile , Eva turn to Georges : eva ( cont 'd ) what 's go on , actually ? you can not just leave she lie on she bed like that ! she 's unrecognizable ! it 's ridiculous ! george we can not do anything for the moment . calm down , darling . she 's get medical treatment , they give she the necessary medication , and there be no other option right now . eva what do that mean , " no other option " ? why be not she in a hospital ? george she have a second stroke . bertier examine she and feel we could spare she all the hospital inpatient procedure . ( more ) 44 . george ( cont 'd ) anyway , they would not keep she , they would send she to a care home . what they do in that place , we can do here . Eva look at he , amaze . george ( cont 'd ) and she will not be put in a care home . I promise she that . geoff do not you think you be take on too much ? george have you get a better idea ? geoff do not know what to say . Eva have compose herself somewhat and blow she nose . eva I can not believe that this day there 's no way of handle this efficiently . george ( curtly ) no one 's stop you from find out . Eva get up , furious , and go to the window . Georges follow she with he eye . george ( cont 'd ) ( peaceably ) believe I , I love you mother as much as you do . so please , do not treat I as if I be a total idiot incapable of do the obvious . eva I do not say that . I be simply question whether what I see go on here be the answer to everything ! geoff ( to george ) do not you want to get a second opinion ? 45 . george now you two have better stop , ok ? another doctor do come . he say bertier be right . from Monday , a nurse will come three time a week . now can we talk about something else ? eva like what ? scene 38 - int . kitchen - night Georges wash the tea cup that he use for Eva and geoff . on the radio , the evening news . scene 39 - int . bedroom - day with expert gesture , a nurse show Georges how to lie Anne down and put a incontinence pad on she . she 's now almost incapable of move , and have to be turn over like a object , as tear flow silently down she face . scene 40 - int . live room - day Anne be at the piano and play the piece from the scene 3 . we watch she and listen to she for a while . Georges be seat in he armchair and look at the piano . finally he lean over toward the CD player and stop it . the music suddenly stop . Georges remain silently seat . scene 41 - int . kitchen - hallway - bedroom - day he prepare a bowl of muesli , fill a sip cup with water and bring both into the bedroom . sit down on the bed close to Anne to feed she she food . george there , my love , I hope you like it . anne ok ... he begin to feed she . george I add a little orange juice . I find it taste quite good . she can only swallow slowly , and so something keep run back out of she mouth . he wipe it with a tea towel , continue to feed she . finally , after a few mouthful , she keep she mouth shut . 46 . george ( cont 'd ) come on , Anne , you have to eat some more . you have only swallow three mouthful . Anne continue to keep she lip seal . george ( cont 'd ) please , darling . a bit more . Anne do not move . he put the muesli on the night stand and hold the sip cup to she lip . she drink slowly , one sip after the other . he pull the cup back between each sip , to give she more time . suddenly she say : anne ... Mom to the concert ... george yes ? anne ... Mom to the concert ... no dress ... george Mom have no dress for the concert ? anne ... Mom to concert ... no ... uuu ... no ... george yes ? Long pause . Georges wait . scene 42 - int . bathroom - day Georges and the nurse install Anne on a metal armchair in the shower . as she do so , the nurse keep talk reassuringly to Anne . finally , she turn on the tap . anne ( in a monotone ) help ! help ! help ! help ! help ! help !... without be phase , the nurse continue to speak reassuringly . Georges remain stand there , helpless . scene 43 - int . kitchen - hallway - bedroom - day 47 . Kitchen . Georges and the nurse be seat at the table with a cup of coffee . in front of the nurse , on the table , be a sum of money . as they speak , we hear , come from the room , Anne 's call for help . nurse ... we could take turn . she would come from 8 till 12 and I would do 2 until 6 , or 3 to 7 . that would certainly relieve the pressure on you . george I will think about it . nurse she just have to know in time so she can arrange it in she schedule . george yes , of course , I will let you know in the next few day . nurse very well . I have to go now ... she take the money on the table , pocket it and get up . nurse ( cont 'd ) thanks for the coffee . george my pleasure . I will see you out . they both leave the kitchen . as the nurse , in the hallway , take she jacket off the hook in the closet and put it on , she comment on Anne 's continue call for help . nurse you must not take it too seriously . usually they always say something . she might just as well say " Mom , Mom , Mom " . it 's just mechanical . george ( nodd , softly ) I know . they have reach the door . nurse Goodbye , sir . 48 . george Goodbye . he close the door behind she . remains motionless a moment , then go into the bedroom , where Anne 's call for help , unalter , continue . Georges sit down beside Anne on the bed , take she hand , hold she . after a while , Anne calm down , she call for help become quieter and finally stop altogether . after a long pause : george ( cont 'd ) ( slowly , softly ) I would like to hire a second nurse . the two could take turn . that would make everything a bit simpler . what do you think ? Long pause . then : anne ( softly ) ... help ... help ... scene 44 - int . bedroom - night they be both lie in bed . Georges snore noisily . Anne 's eye be open . scene 45 - int . hallway - kitchen - day the front door . we hear the key in the lock . Georges enter with a shopping bag , and behind he be the superintendent . he carry bigger and heavier bag . Georges hold the door open for he . george would you mind put they in the kitchen . the superintendent precede he into the kitchen with the bag . Georges call toward the bedroom : george ( cont 'd ) I be ba-aack ! he then follow the superintendent into the kitchen . the superintendent have put the bag on the work surface . george ( cont 'd ) thanks very much . 49 . superintendent can I do anything else for you , sir ? george no , thanks , Mr. méry . you have be a big help . superintendent oh , it 's nothing , sir . Georges have already take out he wallet and give some money to the superintendent . superintendent ( cont 'd ) thanks a lot , sir . george I will let you know if I need you again . superintendent with pleasure , sir . he get ready to leave . he stop again in the doorway and turn around . superintendent ( cont 'd ) May I say something , sir ? george what be it ? superintendent my wife and I , we be very impressed by the way you be manage everything . I take my hat off to you . as he speak , Georges ' mobile phone have start to ring . george ( take the mobile phone from the pocket of he jacket ) that 's very kind of you . thanks . see you soon . superintendent give my regards to you wife . george I certainly will . thanks . 50 . as the superintendent leave the apartment , Georges look at the display on he mobile phone and make a call . george ( cont 'd ) hello Eva , how be you ?... thing be fine . scene 46 - int . bedroom - day Georges , stand at the foot of the bed , face Anne and start sing . george ( cont 'd ) ( insistently ) ... sur le pont ... anne ... ssssur ... george ... sur le pont ... anne po ... pont ... sss george ... sur le pont ... sur le pont ... anne ... ssssur le pont ... george ( smile to encourage she ) : ... sur le pont d' Avignon ... anne ... ssur ... le .. george ... pont ... sur le pont d' Avignon ... ( he begin to sing ) : sur le pont d' Avignon on y danse , on y danse , sur le pont d' Avignon tout le monde y danse en rond ... he encourage she to sing with he . start sing again : george ( cont 'd ) sur le pont d' Avignon , on y danse , on y danse ... Anne try to sing too , she have a hint of a smile on she face , but she produce only isolate sound . 51 . george ( cont 'd ) ( sing to encourage Anne , accompany by the sound that she produce ) : sur le pont d' Avignon on y danse , on y danse ... sur le pont d' Avignon tout le monde y danse en rond ... scene 47 - int . bedroom - day a second nurse be do Anne 's hair roughly . the brush stick in she tangle hair . second nurse ( " cheery " ) ... there we be ... now we be all beautiful again ... so everybody will admire we ... there ... you see ... wait ... she take a mirror that she have place within reach . hold it in front of Anne 's face . second nurse ( cont 'd ) well ?... what do we say to that ? be not we a pretty sight ? Anne , sicken , avert she eye . emit a muffle SOUND . the nurse ignore it . second nurse ( cont 'd ) you will see , monsieur will be dazzle by you ... furious SOUND from Anne . scene 48 - int . hallway - night the window open onto the light well be open . a pigeon have land on the window ledge . it walk to and for , then finally dare to jump down inside , onto the floor . it start to explore the surroundings . we hear the toilet flush . Georges come out of the toilet . the door open frighten the pigeon . alarm , flap its wing , it flutter about the room . after a moment of surprise , Georges try to shoo it back toward the window . but the bird escape in the opposite direction . George follow it . he close the door of the other room . come from the bedroom , we faintly hear anne's voice . 52 . Georges fetch a towel from the bathroom . he chase the bird . he hit out at the bird for so long that it escape back out through the window . Georges , visibly exhaust , have to sit down on the chest in the hallway . scene 49 - int . live room - day Georges and the second nurse . nurse ... as you wish , sir . I do not know what you be expect . I give up another job to come and work here . you should have think it over before decide whether you want a second nurse or not . george but I have only just find out how incompetent you be . nurse ( furious ) what 's that suppose to mean ? george I do not want to discuss it with you . anyway , you would not understand . nurse no one have ever complain . george good for you . ( to get rid of she ) how much do I owe you ? nurse ( after a brief calculation ) Seven hundred and eighty euros . Georges take he wallet from he jacket hang on the armchair and take out eight one- hundred euro bill . the nurse be hopping mad . nurse ( cont 'd ) I have never have anything like this happen to I before . who do you think you be ?! I have be do this job for ten year . I do not need you to teach I how to do it . george do you have twenty euros ? 53. the nurse take out she purse angrily , look inside . nurse no . george then take the eight hundred euros . you can go now . the nurse pocket the money . nurse you be a nasty old man . I feel sorry for you . Georges have put back he wallet , turn to she again and look at she . george I hope from the bottom of my heart that one day someone treat you the way you treat you patient , and that you too will have no way of defend yourself . now get out . she look at he , at first do not know what to answer , then : nurse go fuck yourself , you old fart ! she leave , slamm the door behind she . a few second later , we hear the front door of the apartment fall shut . Georges sit down in he armchair , look straight ahead . then he light a cigarette , he hand shake , he smoke . scene 50 - int . bedroom - night he try to pour some tea into she mouth with the sip cup . she will not loosen she lip . george ... please , open you mouth ... go on ... open it ... Anne ! please !... come on ... stop that !... he sit upright . george ( cont 'd ) if you do not drink , you will die . indecipherable SOUND from anne . george ( cont 'd ) be that what you want ? 54 . pause . she look at he . he bend over she again , present the cup in front of she seal lip . george ( cont 'd ) come on , Anne , please . she do not react . he open she lip with he finger and try carefully , but use some force , to separate she tooth . pour a little tea in . the liquid run out of she mouth . george ( cont 'd ) ( angrily ) goddammit ! he put down the cup , take a towel and wipe the liquid , some of which have run down onto the pillow . he try to mop it up . she watch he the whole time . finally he put the towel down beside the cup and look at she . tries not to show he helplessness and he anger . george ( cont 'd ) Anne ! ... you can not force I to let you die of thirst . if you persist , I will call bertier and he will put you in hospital . they can force - feed you there . be that what you want ? brief pause . george ( cont 'd ) I promise to spare you that . but you must help I . I be out of my depth . he take the cup again and put it against she lip . george ( cont 'd ) please , Anne ! her lip remain seal . he press the cup hard against they . george ( cont 'd ) drink that , now ! it hurt she , so she open she mouth and let in a little liquid . george ( cont 'd ) there ! she close she mouth again and he put down the cup . 55 . george ( cont 'd ) good . then she spit it all out like a fountain . after a moment of bewilderment , he slap she . silence . he 's frighten by he own gesture . then he put down the cup and sit on the chair beside the bed . they do not look at each other . long pause . anne ( softly ) help ... help ... pause . george ( softly ) please , forgive I . pause . anne ( softly ) help ... help ... help ... help ... scene 51 - int . apartment - day the various painting hang in the apartment . without they frame . like view on various reality . silence . sometimes , the remote sound of traffic in the distance . scene 52 - int . hallway - live room - dine room - day live room . Georges be drink tea and read the newspaper . silence . suddenly , the doorbell ring . Georges , annoyed , put down he newspaper , get up , go into the hallway and go to the front door . george who 's there ? eva' voice it 's I . 56 . george Eva ? eva' voice ( a bit irritate ) yes . Georges , panicked , think for a few second . george just a minute . he go toward the bedroom door , lock it and put the key in he pocket . he go into the dining room , also close the door lead to the bedroom . he come back . he be about to go toward the front door , but remain motionless a instant , open the door of the toilet that be locate just nearby , flush the toilet , close the toilet door again and open the front door . george ( cont 'd ) hello . a brief kiss hello . eva hello . what be go on ? george I be in the toilet . sorry . he close the front door behind Eva , indicate the direction of the live room . george ( cont 'd ) come in . Eva point to the bedroom with a question look . he shake he head as if to play down the question , and indicate back in the direction of the live room , as if to say : " you understand , huh ? " . Eva be slightly irritate , but follow he into the live room . he close the door . george ( cont 'd ) why this unannounced visit ? where have you come from ? eva what 's go on with Mom ? george nothing . what should be go on ? 57 . eva well ... ( gesture toward the bedroom ) george do not you want to sit down first ? Eva want to answer , but finally give in and sit down . Georges do the same . george ( cont 'd ) so why be you in Paris ? eva what 's go on with Mom ? why do not you answer the phone ? after we last conversation , I leave four message on you answer machine . why do not you call back ? george sorry . I do not listen to it . forgive I . eva do not you realize we be worried ? george you worry be no use to I . Eva glare at he . george ( cont 'd ) no , do not get I wrong . I be not criticize you . I just do not have the time to deal with you worry , that 's all . eva dad ... george no. let 's stop this conversation right there . I be take care of you mother . it 's a full - time job . and I be not say that to complain , just to explain why I do not answer you phone call and why I do not want to have any pointless discussion on the subject . you mother be just as could have be expect : bad the whole time . ( more ) 58 . george ( cont 'd ) she be turn more and more into a helpless child , and it 's sad and humiliate , for she and for I . and she do not want to be see in that state either . even the last time you visit , she do not want you to come . you two have you own life . nothing wrong with that . but let we have we life too . even though it 's a lousy one . ok ? eva dad , what 's the matter ? george nothing 's the matter ; you visit catch I by surprise . and I be annoyed that you show up here to check that everything 's ok . who do you think you be ? pause . Eva be speechless . eva I ... then she get up and make to go to the door . george stay here , will you ! she stop short , look at he . george ( cont 'd ) ( softly , but insistently ) please ! she hesitates a moment , but wind up leave the live room . we hear her pass in the hallway to go into the bedroom and her vain attempt to OPEN the door . eva ( o.s. ) Mom ? ... Mom ?? Georges remain seat , motionless , until she come back . she seem upset by the situation , as one would expect . eva ( cont 'd ) tell I , what 's go on ? have you go crazy ? george please , sit down . 59 . eva I do not want to sit down . what 's go on here ? george ( quietly ) nothing 's go on . I want to spare we all a pointless drama . I presume you mother be asleep . she mostly sleep the whole day . and then she wake up at night . if you really want to , we will go and see she in a little while . now , sit down . ok ? they look at each other . reluctantly , Eva head toward she armchair and sit down . pause . then Georges go on in a quiet voice : george ( cont 'd ) we do we speech exercise every day , or we sing together . most of the time , I wake up around 5 . at that time , she 's still awake . then we change she incontinence pad . I rub cream on she to avoid sore . then , around 7 , I try to persuade she to eat and drink . sometimes it work , sometimes not . sometimes she tell I thing from she childhood , then for hour she call for help , and then a instant later she 's giggle away to herself , or cry . nothing of any of that be worth show to anyone . silence . Eva look down . finally , she say : eva ( softly ) you can not stop I from see she . george ( also softly ) no . they remain seat for a moment , finally Eva get up . Georges follow she into the hallway . he unlock the door and they enter the bedroom . the bright light from outside filter through the blind . 60 . Eva go over to the bed , look at Anne . finally , she caress she face , shyly and clumsily . Anne open she eye . look at she . no movement . eva it 's I , Mom . Anne emit a furious SOUND . eva ( cont 'd ) ( helpless ) can I do something for you ? Mom ... anne Mom ... Mom ... Mom ... Mom ... Mom ... silence . Georges have remain by the door . after a while , they both leave the bedroom , cross the hallway to come back in the live room . Georges close the door . for a instant he put a consol hand on Eva 's shoulder . then he sit down . Eva , try to compose herself , go toward the window and look outside . suddenly she start sobbing . after a while , Georges get up and go out of the room . Eva , vex , blow she nose . shortly after , Georges come back . he have another teacup in he hand , put it down beside he on the table and sit down . george the tea be not very hot any more . Eva turn toward he . george ( cont 'd ) but it do make you feel better . after a short pause , Eva come toward the table . sit down . he fill she cup . eva thanks . she take the cup , drink . replace it . still can not bring herself to look at he . 61 . george it be silly of I to lock the door . I be sorry . you take I by surprise , that 's all . I be sorry . she nod she head , indicate she understand . finally she look at he : eva what 's go to happen now ? george ( with a little ironic laugh ) what 's go to happen now ? the nurse come twice a week , and every two week Dr. bertier and the hairdresser come . that 's what you want to know , right ? thing will go on as they have do up until now . they will go from bad to worse . thing will go on , and then one day it will all be over . brief pause . eva you can not go on like this , dad . george can not I ? what do you suggest ? eva can not we have a serious talk , you and I ? george what do you call " a serious talk " ? what do you want to suggest ? do you want to have Mom live with you ? do you want to pack she off to a care home ? do you ? what do you want ? go on , talk to I " seriously " ! Eva look at he . scene 53 - int . bedroom - day Georges be seat on the bed beside Anne , who be still bedrid . 62 . anne ( in a rush ) ... short ... short dress ... only I ... only I ... all long ... it be ... ( with a small gesture to imitate a bell ) : ding ... do ... george ( smiling ) yes , it swing to and for . anne ( still rush ) ... yes ... to ... for ... you ... very serious ... like that ... ( she imitate a serious countenance , continue in a low voice ) : like that ... serious ... george ( unable to keep from laugh a little ) yes . I think I be pretty uptight . anne ( smile ) yes ... up ... tight ... pause . Anne put she hand on Georges ' . anne ( cont 'd ) ... it be n...nice ... silence . scene 54 - int . bathroom - hallway - bedroom - day bathroom Georges be shave . suddenly we hear , come from the bedroom , anne's voice ( loud ) help ... help ... help ... help ... help ... Georges wipe he face and , to the sound of Anne 's cry , cross the hallway and enter the bedroom . Anne continue to cry out in a monotone to herself . Georges go over to she bed . george ( try to calm she like a sick child ) what be it ?.. ( more ) 63. george ( cont 'd ) be you in pain ?... what 's the matter ?... be you pad full ? he raise she blanket for a instant and sniff , then replace it . george ( cont 'd ) no ... so what 's hurt you ? he sit down beside she on the bed . take she hand . george ( cont 'd ) it 's all right ... it 's all right ... I be here ... everything 's fine ... we will ... hold on , I will tell you a story ... but you must be quiet , I can not talk too loud , it wear I out ... here we go : when I be little ... well , I be not as little as all that ... it be toward the end of primary school , so I be about ten , dad and Mom send I to a holiday camp . they think it would do I good to spend the summer with kid my own age ... we be lodge in a old castle in the midst of a magnificent wood landscape ... I think it be in the auvergne ... I do not know ... in any case it be the opposite of what I would expect ... we have to get up at 6 and go for a morning swim . not far from the castle , there be a pond feed by a icy mountain stream . we enter it run , in a double file . you know , I be never very sporty . they have a program to keep we on the go all day , probably to nip any potential pubescent impulse in the bud ... but the worst thing be the food . the third day after we arrival , there be rice pudding for lunch . I hate rice pudding . we sit at long table in a huge hall . I do not want to eat the stuff and the housemaster say to I : you will not get up until you have clear you plate . so after the meal everybody leave the room , and I remain seat , in tear . I have make a secret pact with Mom . I be to send she a postcard every week . ( more ) 64 . george ( cont 'd ) if I be pleased with the place I be to draw some flower on it , or if not , some star . she keep the card ; it be cover all over in star . after three hour , I be allow to leave the table . I go up to my room , get into bed and have a fever of 42 degree . it be diphtheria . they take I to the nearest hospital where I be put in a isolation ward , which mean that Mom , when she come to visit I , could only wave at I through a window . at some point I lose that postcard . it 's a pity . Anne have become ever calmer during Georges ' story . he still hold she hand . long silence . then Georges reach across Anne 's body to get hold of he pillow and press it over she face . stifle sound from Anne . everything that can still move in she body start to move . Georges press down heavily on the pillow , lie on it with he whole weight , for a long time , until all Anne 's movement stop . then he sit up , exhaust , and without remove the pillow from she face , remain seat beside she . silence . scene 55 - int . hallway - kitchen - day hallway . the front door of the apartment be unlock . Georges , in city clothes , enter with two big shopping bag full of cut flower . he put down the bag , take off he coat , hang it in the closet . the telephone ring . Georges take the bag and carry they in the kitchen , put they in the sink , fill it with water . he start to cut the stem and put the flower in the water . we watch he do so for a while . meanwhile , the telephone have stop ringing . scene 56 - int . hallway - day Georges have open one of the section of the large wall closet . he be look for a specific dress . he take some out , put they back inside . one of the dress slip off its hanger and fall to the floor . he pick it up , hang it up again . he end up find the one he be look for . he take it out on its hanger . close the closet again . 65 . look at the dress . then he lower he arm a little and be about to leave the bedroom . he catch he foot in the dress . he just save himself from trip up by grab on to the wheelchair that be park there . exhausted , he flop down into it . scene 57 - int . hallway - night with wide adhesive tape , Georges seal up the door frame of the bedroom . scene 58 - int . kitchen - adjoining bedroom - hallway - day Georges be seat at the kitchen table where he have breakfast with Anne in scene 8 , and write a letter . pause for reflection . gentle cooing of pigeon , scarcely audible . suddenly , Georges start . at the far end of the long kitchen , beside the door between the kitchen unit , a pigeon be walk . Georges stare at it . for a long time . then he get up slowly and , via the door locate beside the kitchen table , he go into the adjoin room . on the sofa there , he have set up he new bed . he take the wool blanket from the bed and come back into the kitchen , carefully approach the pigeon that then run off in alarm . Georges carefully open up the blanket and finally throw it over the pigeon . but it manage to escape into the hallway . Georges follow it . this action be repeat several time . the pigeon be more and more panicky , start to fly up , flutter about in all direction . Georges close the light - well window to cut off its escape route . this last a exhaust amount of time , but he end up capture it . he cuddle it against he , roll up in the blanket , lean against a wall , then hold it as if it be a baby . scene 59 - int . adjoining room - kitchen - night from the adjoin room , we see Georges seat at the kitchen table , write . finally we see what he be write : ... you will not believe it . a pigeon come in , for the second time already , through the light well . this time I catch it . in fact it be not difficult at all . but I set it free again . I be go to ... scene 60 - int . adjoining room - kitchen - hallway - day 66 . Georges be lie on he bed in the adjoin room , stare at the ceiling . o.s. , we faintly hear the SOUND of run water , and from time to time the clatter of dish . after a while , Georges get up and go into the kitchen . he remain in the doorway and watch Anne who , do the dish , at first do not pay attention to he , then notice he presence and shoot he a quick glance , say casually : anne I be almost do . Georges continue to look at she unwaveringly . anne's voice you can put you shoe on if you want . Georges look at she a instant longer , pass beside she , go into the hallway , sit down on a stool beside the closet and put on he shoe . o.s. we hear Anne finish she work . she come out , hang up she apron in the closet , disappear for a few moment into the bathroom . meanwhile , Georges have get up , and look in the bathroom where , clearly , Anne be tidy she hair and spruce herself up . when she come out again , he take she coat from the closet and help she put it on . anne thanks . they head for the front door . anne ( cont 'd ) be not you take a coat ? Georges think a few second , then take he trench - coat from the hook and they leave the apartment . scene 61 - int . hallway - bedroom - dine room - live room - day four long shot : all the window be open . the sun be shine . it be fairly bright . hallway . silence . then the SOUND of a lock be opened . Eva come into the apartment . remains a long time beside the door . look around she , ill at ease . finally she hesitantly go into the bedroom . 67 . Anne 's twin bed be not there any more . on Georges ' bed lie only the bare mattress . Eva remain there a moment , then go through the partition door into the dining room . there , everything be as usual . Eva continue into the live room . there too , everything be as usual . Eva stop by the piano stool . look out of the window , feel at a loss . then she head toward the sofa and armchair in the corner . on the table lie the remain of a snack . Eva look at the table , turn again toward the open window , through which we hear STREET noise . then she sit down , exhaust , in one of the armchair . her diminutive frame seem lose in the big room . end credit ( white on a black background )