a american werewolf in London script by John landis fade in 1 man' footprint on the moon . ext . moon camera begin to pull back slowly , straight up - the song " Moon shadow " by cat Stevens begin . once we be high enough to see the entire moon , the main title be superimpose . a american werewolf in London we continue to retreat from the moon , look on as it grow farther from we , continue credit until the full moon be the size it appear to we from earth . 2 ext . crossroad on the moor - night Tree branch enter into the frame , the camera pan down and we see a truck approach . we be at a crossroad in the moor , look sinister enough to have earn they literary reputation . the truck stop at the crossroad , the driver , mustach and wear tweed , boot , and a muffler , climb down . " Moon shadow " end . CUT to : loud bang of the back grate on the truck as it slam down . revealed among the sheep be two rudely - awaken young american boy . they look exhaust . they both carry backpack , two american kid on a jaunt in Europe . they be both in they late twenty . it be very cold and they clamber out of the truck none too happily . push sheep aside they step out and stretch . jack goodman and david kessler they have be cramped for hour . truck driver here , lad , East proctor and all about be the moor . I go east here . jack yes , well thank you very much for the ride , sir . you have lovely sheep . truck driver ( as he clamber back up on he truck ) boy , keep off the moor . stay on the road . good luck to you . david thanks again ! he drive off . long shot of the two boy as the lorry pull away . surround they be the moor . they put on they pack , David point to the signpost point towards East proctor . ext . road on the moor - night as they walk , they breath visible : jack be you cold ? david yes . jack good . they walk on , finally : david Jack . jack David . david you be not have a good time be you ? jack oh , I do not know . I mean look around . be not this a fun place ? the camera show we the moor - desolate , cold , forebode . david well , I like it here . jack I be sorry . Northern England first , Italy later . david right . they walk on . jack do you think she will meet I in Rome ? david I think Debbie klein be a mediocre person with a good body . jack Debbie be not mediocre and she have one of the great body of all time . david she 's a jerk . jack you be talk about the woman I love . david I be talk about a girl you want to fuck , so give I a break . jack well , anyway , do you think she will be there ? david I do not know . jack ( like a announcer ) rendezvous in Rome star Jack goodman and Debbie klein . the love affair that shocked Europe ! see torrid lovemake at its most explicit ! see Jack and Debbie expose they lust in the sacred hall of the vatican ! never have the screen dare .... david if you do not stop , I be go to kill you . jack I have to make love to she . it 's very simple . she have no choice really . david it just fascinate I that you can spend so much energy on someone so dull . jack it be impossible for a body like that to be dull . david we have know Debbie what , since the eighth grade ? how many year of foreplay be that ? jack she say she vlike I too much ' . David just laugh and laugh and laugh . dissolve to : 3 ext . east proctor MAIN STREET - night David and Jack enter East proctor . it be brightly moonlit . East proctor consist of a few shop , all close , a petrol pump and a pub . East proctor have a very small population and the place look empty . David and Jack enter the middle of town and look about . the camera see what they see . a few shop , dark and shutter . Light and laughter come from the pub . 4 ext . the slaughtered lamb - night its traditional shingle show a ferocious wolf 's bloody head on a pike , and tell we the pub 's name , " the slaughter Lamb " . jack the slaughter Lamb ? david of course , the slaughter Lamb . why else would they have a severe fox head on a spear as they symbol ? jack that 's a wolf 's head . david of course , the slaughter Lamb . why else would they have a severe wolf 's head on a spear as they symbol ? jack that 's not a spear . it 's a pike . david a severe wolf 's head on a pike as they symbol . jack David , before we go in there I want you to know that - no matter what happen to we - it 's you fault . david I assume full responsibility . jack okay . david shall we ? 5 int . the slaughtered lamb - night the pub be apparently " modernize " sometime in the mid- fifty . its traditional englishness combine with greasy stainless steel and glass . it be populate by mostly pale young man with longish hair . several older man be ruddy complexion and sport large mustaches . four or five be watch a chess game . two man be play dart . the conversation be loud and there be often laughter . but there be something unsavory about this people . a look of leanness and poverty . they seem inbred and somehow sullen . we establish the type and the general level of noise in the room . the door open revealing David and Jack . there be dead silence and all be stare in a not friendly way at the two boy who be make uncomfortable by all the strange attention . they give each other a " what ? " look , then turn to the assemble populace . david hello . jack Nice to see you . face Silent and stare . CUT to : david and jack david ( smile ) it 's very cold outside . May we come in ? the woman barkeep nod . the boy walk carefully over to a table and very self - consciously remove they pack , place they on the floor , and sit down at the table . there be a long , awkward wait . the woman finally come over to they . jack do you have any hot soup ? woman no . david well , do you have any coffee ? woman no . jack hot chocolate ? woman we have get spirit and beer . if it 's something hot you want , you can have tea . jack then you have some hot tea ? woman no . jack oh. woman but I can heat some up for you if you would like . david & jack yes , please . as the woman turn to prepare the tea , everyone resume what they be do ; talk , drink , play chess and dart , and the boy breathe easier . jack Nice look group . david listen , at least it 's warm in here . jack look at that . CUT to : jack p.o.v. on the wall be paint a red pentangle ( a five - point star ) and on either side burn a yellow candle . david what about it ? jack it 's a five- point star . david maybe the owner be from Texas . the woman bring they they tea . jack ( to woman ) remember the alamo ? woman I beg you pardon ? david he be joke . thank you . woman joke ? I remember the alamo . I see it once in London , in Leicester Square . Jack and David look startle . one of the chess player explain : chess player she mean in the cinema , that film with John Wayne . ( turn to board ) checkmate . david oh , yes , of course . jack right , with laurence harvey and everybody die in it . it be very bloody . chess player bloody awful if you ask I ! this send everyone into gale of laughter . Jack and David smile politely . chess player here , gladys , Tom . do you hear the one about the crash plane ? woman no , but we be about to . laughter . chess player you be quiet , woman , and let I speak . woman ( heavy sarcasm ) quiet , everyone ! hush ! shhh ! uproarious laughter . chess player all right , laugh then . I sha not tell it . woman oh , come on , tell we . chess player no . you have have you chance . the man all coax he to tell the joke . jack ( to David ) ask they what the candle be for . david ( to Jack ) you ask they . jack ( to David ) listen , that 's a pentangle , a five - point star . it 's use in witchcraft . lon chaney , Jr. and universal studios maintain it 's the mark of the wolf man . david ( to Jack ) I see . you want I to ask this people if they be burn candle to ward off monster . jack ( to David ) right . david ( to Jack ) wrong . the drinker have get the chess player to tell the joke as everyone know he would . chess player oh , all right . there be this airplane over the Atlantic on its way to New York . it be full of man from the United Nations . woman that 's very funny , that be . uproarious laughter . jack ( to David ) go on , ask they . david ( to Jack ) you ask they . chess player here now , let I finish ! so halfway over the ocean the engine run low on petrol so they have to lighten the plane . so they heave out all the baggage , but it 's still too heavy . so they chuck out the seat , but it 's still too heavy ! finally this froggy step up and shout " Viva la France " and leap out . then a englishman .... dart player hear ! hear ! chess player ( undaunted ) ... step up and shout ` God save the Queen ! ' and leap out . but the plane be still too heavy . so the yank delegate from Texas step up , shout , ` remember the alamo ! ' and chuck out the mexican . this be apparently the funniest joke the inhabitant of East proctor have ever hear . the laughter be uproarious , choke , knee -slapping , incredible . as the chess player go to take a drink of beer , the dart player gasp out ... dart player remember the alamo ! ... cause the chess player to spit out he beer cause even harder laughter . complete hilarity . jack Excuse I , but what 's that star on the wall for ? Dead silence . a dart land in the wall . David and Jack be understandably bewilder . the villager look hard indeed . dart player ( angry ) you have make I miss . jack I be sorry . dart player I have never miss the board before . david Jack , we would better go . jack what do you mean ? I be starve . dart player there 's no food here . the villager look threaten and David 's voice be a bit urgent . david come on , Jack , shall we go ?!! jack apparently so . the boy pick up they backpack and move uncertainly for the door . woman ( to I n ) you can not let they go . david ( worried ) how much do we owe you ? chess player nothing , lad . go , God be with you . david uh , thank you . woman wait ! you just can not let they go ! dart player go ! and stay on the road . keep clear of the moor . david yes , well , thanks again . chess player beware the moon , lad ! David push Jack out . 6 ext . the slaughtered lamb - night it be very cold . jack what the hell be that all about ? david I do not know . let 's see if there 's a inn or something up the road . jack beware the moon ? david come on , I be freezing . they start up the road into the night . 7 int . the slaughtered lamb - night it be quiet . woman you can not let they go . dart player ( angry ) should the world know we business ?! chess player it 's murder then . dart player then murder it be ! it 's in God 's hand now . the wax drip from the pentangle 's candle onto the floor . dissolve to : 8 ext . a road on the moor - night - david and jack walk on the road surround by darkness . david that be weird . I guess leave be the best idea . jack I do not know . now that we be out here and it 's three degree , I be not so sure I would not rather face a blood - thirsty mob . david well , not quite a blood - thirsty mob . they keep walk . jack what do you think be wrong ? david I have no idea . jack maybe that pentangle be for something supernatural . david I see and they be too embarrassed to talk about it , because they feel so silly . there be a flash of lightning that send a ghostly illuminate sheet of light over the boy ' face . the clap of thunder follow loud and rumbling . david please do not rain . downpour . the boy be walk in a deluge . david of course . they walk get soak . jack say , David .... david I be well aware of how pleasant the weather be in Rome at the present time thank you . Jack spread he arm and sing . jack Santa Lucia ... Santa Lucia . 9 int . the slaughtered lamb - night the rain be loud on the roof and beat on the window . the gather continue to drink , play chess and dart , but all be silent and contemplative . woman perhaps they will be safe in the rain . the chess player slam he hand on the table . shout : chess player no one bring they here ! no one want they here ! woman you could have tell they ! dart player be you daft ? what do you think they would say ? they would think we mad . woman listen ! the rain be subside . there be a very faint howl . woman do you hear it ? we must go to they . dart player I hear nothing . chess player nor i. the camera linger as the chess player 's hard face show the man 's struggle . another howl . the chess player turn suddenly . 10 ext . roadside on the moor - night David and Jack be now completely out of sight from East proctor surround by darkness and wet . there be a light drizzle . they be stand , listen . the drizzle stop . jack do you hear that ? david I hear that . jack what be it ? David begin to walk , Jack with he . david could be a lot of thing . jack yeah ? david a coyote . jack there be not any coyote in England . david the hound of the baskervill . jack peco Bill . david heathcliffe . jack heathcliffe do not howl . david no , but he be on the moor . jack it 's a full moon , `beware the moo n ' . another howl , this one long and loud . it be a very inhuman noise , terrifying , and closer this time . jack I vote we go back to the slaughter Lamb . david yeah . they be both visibly worried and walk briskly back from where they just come . although after a bit of fast walk they be get nowhere . they stop out of breath . david we be lose . another bloodcurdle howl . jack shit ! David , what be that ? david I do not know . come on . jack come on , where ? david anywhere ! I think we should just keep move . a growl . a low guttural growl come from out of the darkness . we stay on the boy , but we hear something out there . it start to walk . david it 's move . jack it 's circle we . and indeed it be . the boy strain to hear its four footfalls and they turn slowly , follow it . a snarl . jack fuck . we hear the wolf - monster stop ( for that 's what it be - we know it 's there even though we have not see it ) . it sit breathe heavily . david what 's the plan ? jack ( nervously ) plan ? david ( not too relaxed himself ) let 's just keep walk . they do and David keep talk as they walk . david that 's right , a lovely stroll in the moor . tra-la- la , be not this fun ? the thing stalking they seem to speed up . the boy hesitate as they sense it run past they . it stop . david it 's in front of we . jack do you think it 's a dog ? Jack and David strain to see what wait ahead of they . boy ' p.o.v. something be wait in the darkness . its hulk shape be barely discernible , but its eye glow eerily and its breath be visible . jack oh shit . what be that ? david a sheep dog or something . turn slowly and let 's walk away . the boy keep talk as they move faster and faster . jack Nice doggie . good boy . david walk away , Jack . jack walk away , yes , sir . here we be walk away . they be in a full - out run by now . after a few minute flight they stop , panting . david see anything ? jack no . a moment of quiet , then a howl . david it sound far away . jack not far enough . come on . they walk briskly . david Jack ? jack yeah . david where be we go ? jack I will tell you when we get there . david well . I be glad we ... whoaa !! David shout as he slip suddenly in the mud , scare Jack , and we , and himself a great deal . he lay startle on the wet ground for a moment , then he and Jack laugh . jack you really scared I , you shithead . david be you go to help I up ? Jack take David 's extend hand to help he up when the wolf monster spring ! ext . moor - night the lung beast bring Jack down in one fall swoop . David fall back on he ass . Jack be scream and struggle as he be tear to shred . David scramble to he foot and run in complete panic . Jack 's scream and the wolf 's roar combine . jack Jesus fuck ! David ! please help I ! please ! David ! shit ! help I ! oh God ! ext . roadside on the moor - night David run and run . finally he fall , out of breath . david Jack ? oh my God , Jack ! he get up and run back to find Jack a tear and bloody mess on the ground . he stare in horror . david Jack .... ext . night - various flash cut the wolf spring ! the camera adopt David 's p.o.v. as he fight the dark savage shape on top of he . fang clamp down on he shoulder when shot ring out and the hulk form roll off of he . ext . roadside on the moor - night David , daze and bloody , look and see the man from the slaughter Lamb armed with shotgun and torch run towards he . look over at he attacker , instead of a wolf he see a very old , naked man lay in the mud riddled with bullet hole . as the villager crowd around , David fall back and faint . fade out fade in 11 int . hospital room - day David be in a small , clean and very white hospital room . he lay on he back in bed , he shoulder bandage and he arm plugge into a bottle of plasma . there be several cut and abrasion on he arm and face , but he really do not look too bad . he open he eye slowly , blink , and try to sit up and look around , but be unable to because of the pain . he call out .... david Jack ?! ... and pass out . however he shout have fetch a nurse . she be alex price , very English , very beautiful . she go to the bed . alex Mr. kessler ? she look into he eye , lift the lid with she thumb , and then check he chart at the end of the bed . alex Mr. kessler ? David remain unconscious . another young nurse , miss gallagher , come in . miss gallagher he all right ? alex yes , I should think . he call out just now . miss gallagher he 's a american , you know . Dr. Hirsch be go to fetch round one of that embassy fellow to see he . alex chart say he 's from New York . miss gallagher I think he 's a Jew . alex why on earth do you say that ? miss gallagher I look . alex ( smile ) really , Susan , I do not think that be very proper , and besides , it 's common practice now . a voice startles the girl . dr . hirsch yes , miss gallagher , miss price be quite right . dr . hirsch enter . he be a older man wear the customary lab coat . a very commanding and reassure presence . the girl be embarrassed . alex Dr. Hirsch , Mr. kessler cry out a minute ago . dr . hirsch miss gallagher , surely you must perform some function here at the hospital . miss gallagher yes , Doctor . dr . hirsch then get on with it . miss gallagher yes , Doctor . she exit . Dr. Hirsch begin to examine David . Alex watch . Dr. Hirsch turn to Alex . dr . hirsch can I be of service , miss price ? alex Dr. Hirsch ? dr . hirsch go about you duty . alex yes , Doctor . she start to exit . dr . hirsch oh , miss price ? alex yes , Doctor ? dr . hirsch what exactly do he call out ? alex he say ` Jack ' . dr . hirsch that would be Jack goodman , the boy who be kill . alex what happen to they ? dr . hirsch the police report say a escape lunatic attack they . he must have be a very powerful man . although I really do not see that it be any of you concern , miss price . alex no , sir . of course , sir . good day , Doctor . she exit as Dr. Hirsch continue he examination , look into David 's eye . 12 ext . dense forest - day the camera be handheld , run furiously through the almost dense greenery . on the soundtrack be the footfalls and heavy breathe of the runner . the camera abruptly stop and turn , sharply look about , the panting continue . the breathe get louder and harder , then too loud when we : CUT to : 13 int . hospital room - day David open he eye quickly , the silence and whiteness contrast sharply with the precede fantasy . stand beside the bed be Dr. Hirsch and mr. collin . Mr. Collins wear a bow tie and be hold a briefcase . dr . hirsch hello , David . I be Dr. Hirsch and this be a countryman of yours , Mr. Collins . david where be I ? dr . hirsch you be in a hospital in London . david London ? where 's Jack ? I have a strange dream . dr . hirsch I should think so after you recent traumatic experience . david the guy I be with . be he all right ? how do I get to London ? dr . hirsch ( quietly ) now , David , I want you to prepare yourself ; you friend be dead . David jolt up in bed and shout . david what ? the sudden exertion and strain hurt . david ow , shit ! he sink back down . david Jack 's dead ? mr. collin Mr. kessler , I be Mr. Collins of the american embassy here in grosvenor Square . both Mr. goodman 's parent and you parent have be notify of you injury and everything 's in order . david everything 's in order ? what be you talk about ? mr. collin Mr. goodman 's body have be air-freight back to New York for burial and you parent have wire fund for you stay in the hospital until you be well enough to fly home . david ( control tear ) you do not crate and ship Jack like some side of beef . ( approach hysteria ) who the hell be you people ? what 's go on here ? where be Jack ? I demand to see he ! dr . hirsch ( hold David down , call out ) miss price ! miss price , please ! david ( shouting ) get you fuck hand off I ! what the hell be go on here ? Alex enter amidst David 's shouting and confusion . mr. collin ( distraught , clutching he briefcase ) I realize how upsetting this must be for you , Mr. kessler , but please try to refrain from hysterics . David continue shouting and struggle . dr . hirsch prepare a hypodermic , please , miss price . the shot be administer and David be hold down by Dr. Hirsch and Alex until he breathe become more normal . mr. collin now , Mr. kessler , try not to excite yourself . everything have be arrange . I shall come back to check on you progress and send a report to you parent . the police have request to interview you and I have give they permission to do so . Dr. Hirsch walk Mr. Collins to the door . dr . hirsch thank you very much , Mr. Collins . he will rest now and I be sure everything will be fine once he 's adjust . he 's have quite a shock . mr. collin this dumb-ass kid never appreciate anything you do for they . Mr. Collins exit . Dr. Hirsch cross back to the bed . david how long have I be here ? dr . hirsch you have be unconscious since you be bring in two week ago . david two week ? dr . hirsch you have suffer some rather severe cut and bruise , lose a bit of blood , but nothing too serious ; black and blue for a while . you will have some dueling scar to boast of . that lunatic must have be a very fierce fellow . they say a mad man have the strength of ten . david ( softly , as the drug take hold ) lunatic ? dr . hirsch now we have just give you a pretty strong sedative , so try to get some rest now . miss price will see to you need . Rest now . Dr. Hirsch watch as Alex straighten David 's cover . david ( softly ) it be not a lunatic . alex ( puzzle ) I beg you pardon ? david it be a wolf . alex ( bend down close to hear ) what ? david a wolf . David pass out . Alex look to Dr. Hirsch . dr . hirsch do he say a wolf ? alex yes , I believe he do . Dr. Hirsch regards David thoughtfully . 14 int . dr . hirscha' office - day Dr. Hirsch be on the phone , he be refer to a desk calendar . dr . hirsch but Roger be so terribly boring . yes , dear , but could not we ... I see . ( he make a note ) Thursday at eight , dinner with boring Roger . yes , I be sure I will ; if I survive rommel , I suppose I will survive another excruciate evening with Roger mathison . be a good girl . bye . he hang up very disgruntled . the intercom buzze . dr . hirsch yes ? secretary ( v.o . ) Lt. villier and sgt. McManus be here to see you , Doctor . dr . hirsch send they in . he rise to greet the two police officer , one tall , the other rather pudgy . lo. villier Dr. Hirsch ? dr . hirsch come in , come in . please sit . some tea ? the cop sit down , Lt. villier immediately produce a small notebook . lo. villier no , thank you . sgt . mcmanus I would like some tea , please . Lt. villier shoot the sergeant a wither look . sgt . mcmanus maybe not . no thanks . maybe later . dr . hirsch it 's no problem . lo. villier no , thank you , Doctor . dr . hirsch well , then , what can I do for Scotland yard ? sgt . mcmanus we understand the kessler boy have regain consciousness . Lt. villier glare at McManus . sgt . mcmanus sorry . lo. villier have Mr. kessler say anything regard the attack on the moor ? the intercom buzze . dr . hirsch Excuse I . yes ? secretary ( v.o . ) Roger mathison , Doctor . dr . hirsch what here ? secretary ( v.o . ) he 's on the telephone . dr . hirsch tell he I be out . no , tell he I have pass away . a old war wound or something . tell he I be dead . and no more call ! he turn from the intercom back to the cop . dr . hirsch you be say ? lo. villier have David kessler anything to say concern the attack on the moor ? dr . hirsch why do not we ask he ? 15 int . hospital room - day David sit up in bed . Lt. villier and sgt. McManus stand by he side . Dr. Hirsch sit observe . david I be sorry if I conflict with you report , but Jack and I be not attack by a man . lo. villier so you have say . sgt . mcmanus he may have a point , Lieutenant . two strong boy would be able to defend themselves against one man . lo. villier sgt. McManus , be you suggest that David and Jack be , in fact , attack by some animal and that the officialdom of East proctor have conspire to keep it a secret ? we have a autopsy report on the murderer who be shot in the act by the local police . we have two witness to the crime . you will forgive I , Mr. kessler , if I consider you testimony as come from someone who have go through a terrible shock . sgt . mcmanus Lieutenant , the boy seem pretty lucid to I and .... lo. villier and what , sergeant ? sgt . mcmanus ( defeat ) I do not rightly know , sir . lo. villier that be precisely my point . David , as far as we be concerned , the matter be close . we will not trouble you any further . good day . the lieutenant go for the door . the sergeant smile at David and follow . lo. villier Doctor . the cop exit . Dr. Hirsch cross to David 's bed . david there be witness ? dr . hirsch so they say . david how could there have be witness ? it be so dark . we be run and I fall and Jack go to help I up and this thing come from nowhere ... I do not understand what they be talk about . dr . hirsch in time I be sure it will all come back to you . david Doctor , my memory be fine . it 's my sanity I be beginning to worry about . CUT to : 16 ext . dense forest - day again the handheld camera be run furiously through the wood . heavy breathe and the sound of the runner crash through the foliage . the camera run for a while then suddenly stop short near a tree . David abruptly enter frame , animal - like , the tenseness of a startle cat . his head make sudden movement , look about . closeup of he flare nostril and perk up ear accent he animalness . david take off and now we run with he . he run fast and gracefully , take long stride and leap . we run with he faster and faster share in he exhilaration . we see he completely as the animal , study he movement and grace as if watch a gazelle . suddenly he stop again , alert , listen . he move with stealth , slowly he push some leave aside . closeup of he eye . david be p.o.v. several deer in the forest ; they sense something and freeze , the camera note a fawn next to a doe . the buck turn he head , feel the danger . CUT to : david Shots show the muscle in he leg and shoulder tensing . closeup of David 's eye . closeup of the frighten deer . CUT back to : closeup of David 's eye . CUT back to : the fawn as it be leapt upon , its terrify face leave frame as David force it down . David 's head reenter frame , he mouth full of flesh , he face and hand cover with blood . he howl in triumph . 17 int . hospital room - night the light be subdued and David 's asleep . the door open , a shaft of light penetrate the room . miss gallagher enter with a small tray . she cross to David , turn on the bed light and touch he . miss gallagher Mr. kessler ? wake up , please . david ( awaken ) I be have a nightmare . miss gallagher be very efficient in administer the pill and pour a glass of water . miss gallagher yes , well this should help that . that 's right , drink up . David take the pill . miss gallagher now go back to sleep so you ' will be fresh for Dr. Hirsch in the morning . david what time be it ? miss gallagher it 's nearly eight . I be off duty shortly , then I be off to the film with Alex . david Alex ? miss gallagher miss price , the other nurse that attend you . david what be you go to see ? miss gallagher a american film about the mafia call ` see you next Wednesday ' , and I want to see it badly , so you give I no problem and go to sleep . david ( drop off ) do you have bad dream , too ? miss gallagher some , everyone do . david yes , but do everyone kill bambi ? miss gallagher bambi ? David have fall asleep . miss gallagher turn off the light , pick up she tray and pause in the doorway . miss gallagher kill bambi ? she exit , close the door plunging the room into darkness . 18 int . hospital nurse ' station - day the corridor be busy with orderly push gurney about , doctor , visitor , and patient all perform appropriate background action . behind the nurse ' counter , Alex be type some form and a older , obviously senior nurse be fill some paper cup with different size and color of pill she be take from the drug cabinet . she be mrs . hobb , the chief nurse . mrs . hobb miss price . alex yes , Mrs. hobb . mrs . hobb take this round now , will you please ? the american boy in twenty - one be only to have this after he 's eat . will you be sure of that ? alex have he be refuse food ? mrs . hobb nothing quite as dramatic as that , miss price . he just do not eat enough of what be put before he . he suffer from nightmare . I would think he just need a hand to hold . alex yes , Mrs. hobb . Alex take the cup hand to she and make she way down the hallway , pause a moment to straighten she appearance . she enter . 19 int . child be ward - day a ward with seven or eight bed in it , all occupy . she go to a little pakistani boy name benjamin . alex hello , Benjamin . benjamin no . alex no what ? benjamin no . alex well , all right then , be that way . here , swallow this . benjamin no . Alex pour a glass of water , give the pill to Benjamin who promptly take it and then drink the water , hand Alex back the glass . alex feeling better ? benjamin no . alex the doctor will be round later . would you like a picture book to look at ? we have some lovely funny beanos . benjamin no . alex right . she exit , pause in the hall to speak to a black jamaican orderly push a cart of lunch trays into Benjamin 's ward . 20 int . hospital corridor - day alex have the patient in twenty - one get he tray yet ? orderly the american ? yes , duck . alex how do he look ? orderly what do you mean , `how do he look ' ? alex you know , do he seem depressed ? do you think he will eat the food ? orderly ( annoyed ) I be a orderly , not a bleed psychiatrist ! I push thing about , but I have little say what happen to they . alex thank you . Alex hold up she head and proceed to David 's room . she hesitates , then peek in . 21 int . hospital room - day the curtain be draw and David 's lunch wait patiently on its tray alongside of the bed . David be apparently asleep . Alex enter softly . alex ( softly ) Mr. kessler ? david ( lifeless ) yes ? alex you have not eat you lunch . david I be not very hungry , thank you . alex I be afraid you have to eat something . david please , really . I be not hungry . alex you put I in a awkward position , Mr. kessler . david how be that ? alex ( she shake the paper cup ) well , you be to take this after you have eat . now what kind of nurse would I be if I fail in so simple a task as give out some pill ? david leave the pill . I will take they later . alex sorry . she open the curtain , daylight fill the room . david aw come on , miss price ! alex call I Alex . david aw come on , Alex ! alex shall I be force to feed you , Mr. kessler ? David be get interested . david call I David . alex shall I be force to feed you , David ? david this be absurd . I be not hungry . I do not want any food . alex right . Alex efficiently remove the cover from the dish and sit on the edge of the bed . take knife and fork in hand , she neatly cut David 's food into piece . David watch all this amused . she place a napkin under David 's chin and hold up he first bite on he fork . David fold he arm and refuse to open he mouth . alex let 's try a little harder , shall we ? david will you give I a break ? Alex grab David 's nose force he mouth open quickly , shove the fork in it . David be startle , but amused and chew he food slowly and swallow it . Alex hold up another bite . alex will I have to take such drastic action again , David ? David open he mouth obediently . Alex almost smile . she feed he for a while ; they be both size each other up . finally : david May I have a glass of milk ? Alex smile . fade out fade in 22 ext . dense forest - day again we be run fast and faster . David again run naked , fly through the green forest . he stop suddenly , ear perk , he look about and then we hear Jack 's o.s. scream . the voice of Jack scream : jack ( o.s. ) David ! David ! please help I ! oh God ! David ! oh my God ! David turn in blind panic , he run ( and we run with he ) desperately try to find the source of Jack 's scream . he come to a clear in the wood , light stream through the tall tree . Jack 's scream halt in mid- word . David look in disbelief at the clear . there be a hospital bed with someone in it . it be the same as David 's . David walk toward it slowly . the figure in the bed lay still . it grow dark , very dark , and David look up at the full moon . there be a howl identical to the one hear earlier back on the moor . David approach the bed slowly , fearfully . we hear ocean noise on the soundtrack , the sound of crash surf . David reach out to pull back the cover , lightning and thunder cause he to hesitate for a second . silence . the camera remain on David as he pull off the cover . his face register total disbelief and increase horror . we cut to the bed to find - david . he lie there , pale white with purple lip and death pallor . the camera begin to move in on the corpse of David . cut back to the stand David 's terrify face ; then continue until David 's death mask fill the screen . the face remain still for several beat , then suddenly open its bright yellow eye and red mouth revealing fang in a bloodcurdle wail which carry over in the .... CUT to : 23 int . hospital nurse ' station - night Mrs. hobb hear David 's scream and efficiently call out .... mrs . hobb orderly ! miss gallagher ! miss gallagher and a orderly appear at once . mrs . hobb orderly , go at once to twenty - one and restrain the patient . the orderly exit . mrs . hobb miss gallagher , remain here at the desk . I will be in twenty - one . she exit . 24 int . hospital room - day it be bright , daylight , and Dr. Hirsch gaze thoughtfully out the window . dr . hirsch you have never have bad dream before ? david ( upset ) sure , as a kid . but never so real . never so bizarre . Dr. Hirsch cross over and sit on a chair by the bed . dr . hirsch do you get a good look at the man who attack you ? david I have tell you , it be not a man . it be a animal . a big wolf or something . a rabid dog . dr . hirsch ( chew on he glass ) yes . david look , Dr. Hirsch , I know I have be traumatize , but Jack be tear apart . I see he . a man can not do that to someone with he bare hand . dr . hirsch you would be surprised what horror a man be capable of . david do you see Jack ? dr . hirsch no . in fact , you wound be clean and dress before you arrive here . david do you talk to the police in East proctor ? do the cop go to the slaughter Lamb ? dr . hirsch I really do not know . david then why the hell be you so quick to disbelieve I ? you yourself say it must have take incredible strength to tear apart a person like that . dr . hirsch ( rub he forehead ) David , please . the police be satisfied . I be certain that if a monster be out roam northern England we would have see it on the telly . david you really think I be crazy , do not you ? dr . hirsch believe I . the hound of the baskervill be a invention of Sir Arthur conan doyle 's . and if you would read the bloody book , you would find that holme discover you house of hell a fraud , a fake . there be a awkward silence as David sit and Dr. Hirsch be embarrassed at raise he voice . dr . hirsch now really , David . you be far too intelligent to go on this way . when you return to America I want you to seek out a competent psychiatrist or psychologist or something and stop this nonsense . you will be leave this hospital in three or four day , please remain sane . at least until you be no longer we responsibility . Dr. Hirsch go to the door . david Dr. Hirsch ? ( pause ) I would rather not be by myself . dr . hirsch of course not , David . I will fetch in young miss price . dissolve to : 25 int . hospital room - night Alex sit next to David 's bed . her shoe be off and she have she foot tuck up under she leg on the chair . the room be dark except for the lamp by which she read . she be read a Connecticut yankee in King Arthur 's Court by Mark twain . David be asleep . Alex read for a bit , then put down the book and yawn . she get up and stretch , a big spread arm and foot , finger and toe stretch . david ( quietly ) you be a very beautiful girl . alex ( embarrassed ) I think you be asleep . david I be . what be you read ? alex `a Connecticut yankee in King Arthur 's Court ' by Mark twain . david do you like it ? alex I have just start it . my friend give it to I . they look at each other . alex what do you dream about ? david I dream of death mostly . alex I be sorry . I should not have ask you . david it 's okay . I want to talk to you . they sit and look at each other for a while longer . david how old be you ? alex that 's not really a very proper question . david how old be you ? alex twenty -eight . david I be twenty - seven . alex I know . david now what do you want to talk about ? alex be Jack goodman you good friend ? david ( seriously ) my best friend . my very best friend . alex ( embarrassed ) shall I read to you ? david what ? oh , yes , please . alex ( open book ) a Connecticut yankee in King Arthur 's Court by Samuel L. clemen . this be after the preface but before chapter one : a Word of explanation . you all right ? david ( settles back ) yes , go on . alex ( clear she throat ) ahem , a Word of explanation . it be in Warwick Castle that I come across the curious stranger whom I be go to talk about . he attract I by three thing : he candid simplicity , he marvelous familiarity with ancient armor , and the restfulness of he company - for he do all the talk . we fall together as modest people will in the tail of the herd .... dissolve to : 26 int . kessler home - new york - night we be at David 's parent ' house in New York . his father sit read the paper in the live room as he young brother and sister watch " the muppet show " on television . we can see past the small dining nook where David sit do homework and into the kitchen where he mother be wash the dish . a peaceful lower , middle class set . all be tranquil and secure . there be a loud pound on the front door . father I will get it . the pound continue . father all right , all right ! hold you horse . ( the follow happen with shocking speed . ) when he open the door , four being open fire with machine gun , blow he away . the sudden burst of violence be terrifying and unrelent . the four rush into the room and the family look at they in fearsome surprise for this man be not human at all , but loathsome , bestial demon dress as Storm trooper . one kick in the television and fire into the kitchen , blast David 's mother . David rise but be force back into he chair by one of the thing and hold there . david stop ! he watch in horror as he little brother and sister scream in terror before they be brutally murder . the monstrous Storm trooper then set fire to the room . the one hold David pull a knife and quickly slit David 's throat . CUT to : 27 int . hospital room - night David bolt upright in bed and look around , try desperately to gain he bearing . he see that Alex be asleep in the chair by he bed , Connecticut yankee fold on she lap . he make a deliberate effort to calm himself . he consider waking she , then decide against it . he turn on the lamp by he bed and reach over to take the book from Alex 's lap . David take the book as gently as possible , but Alex wake up anyway . alex ( yawn , smile ) hello . you all right ? david I be sorry I wake you up . alex do not be silly . can I get you something ? david no , thank you . just keep I company for a while . alex that 's easy enough . david I keep have this really terrible dream . they be get worse and I can not seem to stop they . alex David , you dream will stop . you will leave England and you bad memory ; and then this will all fade away . david will you come with I ? alex ( take aback ) what ? david ( smile ) I be serious . you do not know I and I know nothing about you . we have a perfect relationship . alex now , David , I say I would keep you company , but I mean right here and now . david will you think about it ? alex how do we get from you bad dream to my take a holiday with a patient ? david ( big grin ) not just a patient -- I . alex you be be awfully forward , be not you ? david forgive I , I be try to cheer myself up and a affair with a beautiful nurse seem like just the thing to do it . alex ( smile ) all I be to you be a sex fantasy then ? david now I be embarrassed . alex good . I think for a moment I be the only embarrassed one in the room . there be a awkward pause . david where be we in the book ? Alex be relieved for something to break the tension . alex ( look through the book ) let I see here . fade out fade in 28 int . hospital room - morning the black orderly hustle in with David 's breakfast tray , busily set up the tray on the table over the bed . he awaken the sleep David with he activity . orderly ah you be up . good morning and a good day to you . we have quite a meal for you here this morning . Bacon , oatmeal , orange juice , and toast with jam . good stuff there . now eat it up and I will be back for the dish when you have finish . the orderly exit . the drowsy David , who have be try to fully wake up during the orderly 's speech , notice he exit . david good morning . he look at he food none too happily . he stick a spoon into the bowl of oatmeal and taste be gingerly . david ( in mock English accent ) please , sir , I want some more . he settles down to eat , reach over to butter he toast and drink he juice . while he eat , we hear Jack 's o.s. voice . jack ( o.s. ) can I have a piece of toast ? David look over to the o.s. Jack . Jack , behave relaxed and normal , sit in the chair last occupy by Alex . however , Jack 's appearance make he casual manner all the more surreal . he be as we leave he butcher on the moor . he be cover with dry mud and open wound . huge glisten gashes abound on he body . his face be scratch , he throat be badly tear , and he hair be matte with blood . in several spot he have already begin to rot . he be a remarkably gruesome sight , but he physical state seem not to affect he at all . jack ( pleasantly ) Nice to see you . david ( unbely ) get the fuck out of here , Jack . jack thanks a lot . david ( horrify ) this be too much . I can not handle this . jack I be aware that I do not look so great , but I think you would be glad to see I . Jack get up and take a piece of toast from David 's tray as David watch amaze . Jack return to he seat and take a bite out of he toast . David stare at Jack horrify . jack David ! you be hurt my feeling . david ( astound ) hurting you feeling ? have it occur to you that it may be unsettle to have you rise from you grave to visit I ? listen to I , I be talk to a hamburger ! jack I be sorry to be upsetting you , David , but I have to come . david ( aghast ) be not you suppose to be bury in New York someplace ? jack yeah . you parent come to my funeral . I be surprised at how many people come . david ( resign ) why should you be surprised ? you be a very well - like person . jack Debbie klein cry a lot . david I can not stand it . jack so you know what she do ? she 's so grief stricken she run to find solace in rudy Levine 's bed . david rudy Levine the shmuck ? jack life mock I even in death . Jack take another bite of toast . david ( to himself ) I be go completely crazy . jack ( loud ) David ! david ( louder ) what ?! jack David , now I know this may be hard for you , but I have to warn you . david ( shouting ) warn I ? will you get out of here , you meat loaf ? jack I be a grisly sight , it 's true ; but I love you and that 's why I be here . you have get to know . david if you love I so much , Jack , you will realize how disconcert it be to share one 's breakfast with the live dead ! jack we be attack by a werewolf . david ( cover he ear ) I be not listen ! jack on the moor , we be attack by a lycanthrope , a werewolf . david shut up , you zombie ! jack I be murder , a unnatural death , and now I walk the earth in limbo until the werewolf 's curse be lift . david ( incredulous , furious ) what 's wrong with you ? shut up ! jack the wolf 's bloodline must be severe . the last remain werewolf must be destroy . david will you be quiet ?! Jack rise and come closer to David . jack it 's you , David . david what ?! jack you survive and now you shall continue the curse . david what be you talk about ? I will not accept this ! get out ! God damit ! jack remember what that guy at the slaughter Lamb say ? ` beware the moon . ' david ( quietly ) stop it , Jack . jack beware the moon . the full moon , David . you have get two day . david ( quietly ) Jack , please go away . please go away . jack you will stalk the street of London a creature of the night . david ( flare up ) you be talk like boris karloff ! it 's movie dialogue ! jack David , please believe I . you will kill people , David . you have get to stop the bloodsh before it begin . david ( yell ) nurse ! jack listen to I ! take you own life , David . it 's we only chance . david nurse ! jack the supernatural ! the power of darkness ! it 's all true . take you own life ! suicide , David . join I . david ( lose it ) nurse ! oh God ! Alex ! jack it 's cold , David , and I be so alone . the undead surround I . have you ever talk to a corpse ? it 's boring ! I be lonely ! kill yourself , David , before you kill other . 29 int . hospital - nurse ' station - day Alex rush down the hospital corridor . 30 int . hospital room - day David rock back and forth weep . jack do not cry , David . 31 int . hospital corridor - day Alex rush down hospital corridor . 32 int . hospital room - day jack please do not cry . 33 int . hospital corridor - day Alex rush to the door . 34 int . hospital room - day - closeup jack ( softly in loom closeup ) beware the moon , David . CUT to : alex as she burst into the room . CUT to : david lay in bed rock from side to side , cry softly . he be alone . Alex rush over , remove the tray , sit on the bed and hug David . alex David ? David ! David pull away sharply , he head jerk about wildly until he focus on Alex 's face and begin to breathe easier . alex David , what 's wrong ? David smile and kiss she , a real kiss . david ( quietly ) I be a werewolf . alex a werewolf ? Alex hold David a moment then realize where she be and back off a little . David compose himself . alex be you better now ? david I will let you know the next full moon . alex you be to be discharge tomorrow . will you be all right ? David take Alex 's hand . david my friend Jack be just here . alex you dead friend Jack ? david yeah . he say that I will become a monster in two day . what do you think ? alex what do I think ? you mean about the possibility of you become a monster in two day or about visit from dead friend ? david I be dream again ? alex I would think so . david ( resign ) yeah , I would think so , too . Alex consider for a while , finally .... alex do you have a place to stay in London ? CUT to : 35 ext . apartment build - day David and Alex walk down the street . Alex point out she flat and lead David up the front step . she give he a conspiratorial look and unlock the door . 36 int . alex be flat - day Alex enter and David follow . a small , utilitarian apartment , she flick on the kitchen light . David put he backpack on the floor . alex the kitchen . david very nice . she proceed to give the tour . alex closet . david charm . alex bathroom . david Lovely . alex the bedroom . david there be only one bed . alex ( make a face ) David , perhaps you would like to watch the telly while I take a shower . Alex enter the room and David whistle softly , rock on he heel . 37 int . bathroom - day David and Alex stand face each other under the stream of water in the shower . david it 's nice to see you . alex it 's nice to see you . montage in shower - day a sequence of soap and flesh . Van morrison 's " moondance " play . a montage of soapy hand on slippery skin . thighs rub thigh , arm and shoulder . David and Alex kiss again and again and .... 38 int . alex' bedroom - day David and Alex in a passionate , orgasmic kiss in Alex 's bed . David pull out and they lay hold each other . after a moment .... david Alex ? alex yes ? david will you be here in about fifteen minute ? alex of course . david ( leer ) good . Alex prop herself up on one elbow . alex David , you do not honestly believe that in reality you friend Jack rise from the grave to breakfast with you ? do you really ? david I be awake and he be in my room . alex but , David . david ( firm ) I be not hallucinate . pause . alex ( smile ) tomorrow be the full moon . david that 's good , Alex . reassure I . Alex begin kissing David 's neck . david it 's all right , I know I be be insane . she kiss he shoulder , then he chest . david okay , okay . I be properly reassure ! Alex be now kissing he stomach , she head gradually lower from frame . David reach back over he head to hold onto the headboard of the bed . david ( close he eye ) this be very reassure . I be feel very reassure . dissolve to : int . alex' bedroom - night Alex be asleep hold David . David carefully lift she arm and get out of bed . he be naked . he tiptoe out of the room and go to the bathroom . 39 int . alex' bathroom - night David lift the toilet seat and pee . he wince , hope the steady stream do not awaken Alex . when he 's finish pee he go to the sink . the medicine cabinet door over the sink be open . when David close it he ( and the audience ) be terrify to see Jack reflect stand behind he . ( note : this be a big scare . ) bloodie and horrible , Jack have continue to rot and look even worse than when we last see he . David choke out a strangle cry , close he eye tightly and then reopen they . Jack be still there in the mirror . when David turn around Jack be stand in the doorway . david ( point a tremble finger ) you be not real . jack do not be a asshole , David . come here . David , clearly troubled , follow Jack into the live room . 40 int . alex' live room Jack sit down and motion for David to sit also . he do . David 's conversation be in whisper , so as not to wake up Alex . david what be you do here ? jack I want to see you . david okay , you have see I . now go away . jack David , I be sorry I upset you yesterday , but you must understand what be go on . david I understand all right . you be one of the undead and I be a werewolf . jack yes . david get out of here , Jack ! jack David , tomorrow night be the full moon . you will change , you will become .... david ( interrupt ) a monster . I know , I know . jack you must take you own life now , David , before it 's too late . david Jack , be you really dead ? jack what do you think ? david I think I have lose my mind . I think you be not real . I think I be asleep and you be a part of another bad dream . jack you must believe I . david what , Jack ? that tomorrow night beneath the full moon I will sprout hair and fang and eat people ? bullshit ! jack the canine will be real . you will taste real blood ! God damit , David , please believe I ! you will kill and make other like I ! I be not have a nice time , David ! do not allow this to happen again ! you must take you own life ! david ( shout ) I will not accept this ! now go away ! 41 int . alex' bedroom - night Alex wake up from the shouting . alex David ? 42 int . live room - night jack ( quietly ) this be not pretend , David . david ( righteous ) I will not be threaten by a walk meat loaf ! Alex enter the room . alex David , what 's wrong ? I hear voice . David turn and see that Jack be go . david ( triumphant ) it be just I , Alex . it be just I . 43 ext . east proctor - day Dr. Hirsch be drive down the main street in he red m.g . he park in front of the slaughter Lamb . 44 int . the slaughtered lamb - day the pub be less crowded than when we be here last . the dart player be behind the bar clean glass , the chess player be still at the chessboard . Dr. Hirsch enter and cross to the bar . as he remove he glove : dr . hirsch a drink for a very cold man ? the woman come in from the back . woman hello , there . what can I get you ? dr . hirsch campari and soda would do nicely . woman sorry , love . dr . hirsch I suppose guinness will suffice . she serve he he beer . as he lay down he money ... dr . hirsch a thousand thanks . after a few sip . dr . hirsch nasty bit of business with that two young american boy . the dart player stop he wiping . dart player I be afraid I do not know what you mean , sir . dr . hirsch yes , I be sure that 's right . a few week ago , the last full moon be not it ? the chess player turn in he chair to get a good look at Dr. Hirsch . dr . hirsch I mean that escape lunatic . the one that kill the boy . be not that near here ? chess player ( concerned ) and where be you from , sir ? Dr. Hirsch cross and join the chess player at he table . dr . hirsch London . knight take pawn . chess player what ? see that Dr. Hirsch be talk about he game .... chess player oh , yes , yes . Dr. Hirsch point to the pentangle on the wall . dr . hirsch what 's that ? woman ( nervously ) oh , that 's be there for two hundred year . we be go to paint it out , but it 's traditional , so we leave it . dr . hirsch I see . you have hear nothing about the incident ? dart player incident ? dr . hirsch the murder ? chess player be you a police officer ? dr . hirsch ( smile ) no , no , hardly . I work in the hospital where the kessler boy be bring . the dart player and chess player exchange a look . dr . hirsch he be talk about werewolve and monster and as I be near here I think .... dart player you think what ? dr . hirsch I think I would look into the boy 's story . chess player ( scoff ) a story about werewolve - now really , sir . Dr. Hirsch eye the chess player . dr . hirsch would you like a game of chess ? 45 int . alex be flat - day we find Alex and David in a embrace by the front door . Alex be dress in she nurse 's uniform and David have jeans and a T-shirt on . he be shoeless and obviously not go out . Alex pull away . alex let I go now , you will make I late . david do I a enormous favor ? alex anything . david tell I that it 's silly of I to be apprehensive . alex it 's silly of you to be apprehensive . david Werewolves simply do not exist . alex ( serious ) David , do you want I to stay here tonight ? david yeah , I do , but go to work . he open the door and they both go outside . 46 ext . apartment build - late afternoon - alex and david walk to the sidewalk . it be rather chilly . alex listen , if you get too anxious , call I at the hospital , okay ? david okay . alex I have leave that pill for you . david a doper werewolf . they kiss again . alex I be off . there 's food in the fridge . david see you later . Alex go off , turn for a last wave . David stand look after she when a little girl walk a dog pass by . the dog , on see David , begin to growl and snarl . david ( to dog ) what do I do ? the dog begin bark ferociously , the little girl tug on he leash . david thanks a lot , dog . he realize just how cold he be outside and run back up the step to find the door lock . david wonderful . cut to shot of David 's bare foot on the cold stone . he mutter to himself , imitate a newscaster . david a american werewolf be find freeze to death today in the heart of London , England . he look around and see that there be a small window ajar on the side of the flat about eleven foot off the ground , which can be reach by climb a brick wall , which he do but not without damage to he bare toe . at the top of the wall be a cat that begin to hiss on see David . the hair stand up on its arched back and it glare at David , hiss and spitting . David be disturb by the cat 's hostile behavior . david what do I do , cat ? the cat be really act fierce . when David go to pat it cautiously , it screech and run away . David be , by this time , not amused . David manage to pull himself into the window . 47 int . alex' bathroom - dusk David awkwardly enter the bathroom through the tiny window . finally get both foot on the ground , he step to the sink and regards himself in the mirror . david ( weakly ) snarl . growl . grrrr. he examine he mouth , touch he canine carefully . after a while he sigh and go into the kitchen . 48 int . alex' kitchen - dusk David go straight to the fridge and open it . he close the fridge and walk into the bedroom . 49 int . alex' bedroom - dusk he lay down on the bed . after a few beat of stare at the ceiling , he rise and go back into the kitchen . 50 int . alex' kitchen - dusk he reopen the fridge . david I be not hungry . he close the fridge and walk into the live room . 51 int . alex' live room - dusk David turn on the television . on Thames be a soccer match . on BBC 1 be some truly insipid child 's program , and on BBC 2 be a soccer match . David switch off the television . he sit on the chair nervously , drum he finger and hum . david ( sing ) ` Moon River , wider than a mile I be crossing you in style , someday .... ' David get up , go to the front door , and fling it open . it be get dark . David view this fearfully , but still not completely convinced . he go back inside and we note that the front door be not completely close . he go back into the bathroom and look into the mirror . david fee fi of fum , I smell the blood of a englishman . he go back into the live room and pace round and round the room like a cage animal . 52 int . child be ward - night Alex be back with Benjamin , the little pakistani . alex how be we feel tonight ? benjamin no . alex no what ? benjamin no ! alex ( smile ) Benjamin , have you ever be severely beat about the face and neck ? benjamin no . alex I think not . she tuck he in . alex you sleep now and have sweet dream . benjamin & alex no ! for the first time , Benjamin smile . as Alex tuck he in , we can clearly see the full moon outside through the window . 53 int . alex be flat - night David sit read Connecticut yankee when he suddenly clutches he head in pain . david Jesus Christ ! he stand in agony , the book fall to the floor . david ( scream ) what ? Christ ! what ? he begin sweat profusely , cling to the side of he head . he tremble violently . david I be burn up ! Jesus ! he rip at he shirt , tear it off . his body be drip wet . david ( shout out in pain and fear ) Jack !? where be you now , you fucker !?! as a new spasm of pain wrack he body , he cry out in anguish . david help I ! somebody help I , please ! Jack !! David 's hair be wring wet . he scream and grab at he leg . david ( plead , whimper ) I be sorry I call you a meat loaf , Jack . New bolt of agonizing pain wrack through David 's body . he grab at he pants , pull they off as if they be burn he . stand naked in the center of the room , David gasp for air . he fall to he knee and then forward on he hand . he remain on he hand and knee , try to master he torment ; but it 's no use . on all four he give himself over to the excruciate hurt and slowly begin to change . the metamorphosis from man into beast be not a easy one . as bone and muscle bend and reform themselves , the body suffer lacerate pain . we can actually see David 's flesh move , the rearranging tissue . his mouth bleed as fang emerge . his whole face distort as he jaw extend , he skull literally change shape before we eye . his hand gnarl and he finger curl back as claw burst forward . the camera pan up to show the full moon outside through the window . David 's moan change slowly into low guttural growl . we hear the four footfalls as the wolf begin to walk . as the camera pan back over the room , we see the front door push open and hear the Wolf pad off into the darkness . 54 ext . residential STREET - night a taxi pull up in front of a block of flat . a attractive couple get out . the man pay the driver and the cab drive off . woman which one , Harry ? man number thirty - nine , but let 's go `round the back . woman why ? man come on , we will give Sean a scare . woman you be crazy , Harry . harry come on . Harry take she hand and lead she around the side of the flat . the apartment back up to a park and the two walk around to the rear . the park be dark and quiet . 55 ext . park - night woman do you hear something ? harry just now ? woman yes . harry no . here we be , Sean 's be the one .... the wolf spring ! before the woman can scream , the Wolf whirl around and go for she throat . we can not see clearly , but we see enough to realize how large the Wolf be and that its wolfen feature be twisted and demonic . the Wolf savagely devour its two victim . 56 int . sean be flat - night Sean 's wife be look through they french window out onto the park - a middle - age couple . wife Sean , that hooligan be in the park again . sean be not you ready yet ? they will be here any minute . wife something 's go on out there . 57 int . hospital - nurse ' station - night miss gallagher be help Mrs. hobb dispense medication into paper cup when Dr. Hirsch approach . he be still wear he overcoat . dr . hirsch be miss price on duty this evening ? mrs . hobb yes , Doctor . dr . hirsch miss gallagher , do you know if miss price have see the kessler boy since he release ? miss gallagher be not sure how to answer . miss gallagher uh , I do not know if .... Alex have walk up and overhear the last . alex it 's all right , Susan . yes , Doctor , I have . dr . hirsch come to my office , miss price . Alex and Susan exchange glance as she obediently follow Dr. Hirsch down the hallway . 58 ext . park - night Sean have exite the back of he flat to investigate he wife 's complaint . she hang by the door . he walk deeper into the park . sean ( call out ) be anyone there ? 59 int . dr . hirscha' office - night Dr. Hirsch hang up he overcoat . dr . hirsch sit down , Alex . Alex sit and Dr. Hirsch lean against he desk . dr . hirsch I be in East proctor today . Alex look confuse . Dr. Hirsch realize the cause of she concern . dr . hirsch oh dear girl , you extracurricular activity be of no consequence to I . I do not give a damn who you sleep with . I be concerned about David . alex yes , sir . dr . hirsch it 's a full moon . where be he ? alex at my flat . I be off at midnight and .... Dr. Hirsch pick up the phone . dr . hirsch the number , Alex . you number ! 60 ext . park - night Sean carefully approach something near the tree . he step on something and look down to see what it be . it be a arm . 61 int . alex be flat - night - extreme closeup - the telephone ring loudly . ( this be a scare . ) it continue to ring unanswer . 62 int . dr . hirscha' office - night Dr. Hirsch wait on the phone , finally hang up . dr . hirsch he 's not there . Alex grow worried . alex he 's not ? dr . hirsch Alex , have David persist in he werewolf fantasy ? alex well , yes , but he seem to be more upset by the death of he friend . dr . hirsch have he friend appear to he again ? alex yes . dr . hirsch what do he say ? alex David say Jack come to warn he . dr . hirsch warn he ? alex Dr. Hirsch , what 's wrong ? be this more serious than I know ? dr . hirsch I try to investigate the attack . there be no record . the case be close and now they have vmisplace ' the file . David 's laceration be clean and dress when he arrive here and yet supposedly no doctor examine he before I do . the goodman boy be already in the ground so he 's no good to we . so I go to the pub in East proctor where I be convinced of two thing . alex yes . dr . hirsch they be lie . there be no witness , no escape lunatic . the whole community be hide the truth of what actually happen up there . alex and what else ? dr . hirsch I think the village of East proctor be hide some dark and terrible secret . I be convinced that , like David , they believe in this werewolf . Alex be flabbergasted . dr . hirsch you have absolutely no idea where David might be ? alex no . he know no one in London , besides I . I should not have leave he alone . suddenly . alex surely you be not suggest .... dr . hirsch David have suffer a severe trauma . I myself witness some form of mass neurosis in East proctor . if all the villager believe that Jack goodman be kill by a werewolf , why should not David ? and then it follow that if he survive a attack by a werewolf , would not he himself become a werewolf the next full moon ? alex ( bewilder ) Dr. Hirsch ? dr . hirsch oh , I do not mean run about on all four and howling at the moon . but in such a derange state he could harm himself , or perhaps other . alex what shall we do ? dr . hirsch let 's call the police and see if they can help we find we wander boy . 63 ext . brick lane - night the bomb - out ruin of this unsavory part of London be stark and uninvite in the moonlight . Three old derelict be huddle around a trash can fire try to keep warm . a skinny dog be tie up beside they . its ear perk up and he growl in warning . derelict # 1 Old Winston smell something . derelict # 2 ( call out ) who 's there ? the dog begin to whine . derelict # 2 let `im go . derelict # 1 unty Winston who take off run in terror . derelict # 3 brave dog that . derelict # 1 ( worried ) here - who 's there ? a unearthly howl shatter the night . we have hear this sound on the moor . derelict # 2 that 's not Winston . derelict # 3 look there . he point out into the night . they strain they eye - something be approach they . they can just make out its size . derelict # 1 mother Mary of god. 64 int . subway station - night a train screech to a halt . ( a scare . ) we be in the tube of London . only one passenger disembark and the train go off , leave he alone in the cavernous hallway . the passenger be a young man , rather well - dress . he look about the platform , then at he watch . he walk up to a vend machine to buy a cadbury chocolate bar. CUT to : int . subway station - long shot as the passenger put he coin in the vend machine . the camera be on ground level and as we watch the passenger , the Wolf 's leg flash by we . CUT to : closeup of the passenger eat he chocolate bar . he turn thoughtfully , wonder if he have hear something . satisfied that he be alone , he begin he walk down one of the long serpentine tunnel that make up London 's tube . he feel he 's be follow and turn slowly to look . there be no one and he continue , concerned about he imagination . CUT to : closeup - wolf eye watch in the darkness . back to scene we passenger approach the first escalator , pause , then get on go swiftly and silently up the move stairway . CUT to : closeup - wolf snout in profile we can see its rag , razor - sharp fang and black tongue . it wait , panting , drool fall from its mouth . back to scene the passenger reach the landing and walk briskly down the long tunnel mark " escalator to Street level " . he be be follow . he hear it and we hear it . he stop , frighten . passenger hello ? CUT to : tunnel Long and empty . the passenger passenger be there someone there ? we hear the Wolf 's heavy breathe . the passenger be beginning to panic . passenger I can assure you that this be not in the least bit amusing ! he look around wildly . passenger I shall report this ! passenger's p.o.v. we see the Wolf at a great distance trot down the tunnel towards we . passenger good Lord . the passenger turn to flee , he jog become a run . he be terrify . wolf - closeup of the Wolf 's run step . the passenger frantically run , fall to the ground hard bloody he nose . he scramble to he foot cry out in fear . reaching the escalator , he begin to run up the move stair , fall several time . he sit , panting and defeat , the blood trickle from he nose . CUT to : wolf p.o.v. as it begin to climb the stair . the camera track slowly in on the increasingly horrify passenger until we be in a extreme closeup of he eye , when we : CUT to : 65 closeup - a TIGER roaring ( a scare . ) the tiger pace in its cage and roar again . we be at : ext . london zoo - day it be early morning and all the animal be arouse . we cut around to roaring cat , screeching monkey , and panicky bird , etc. , until we come to the wolf ' cage where we find David , naked and curl up on the ground by the cage , asleep . David wake up slowly . he be completely naked , he body dirty , with several scratch on he torso and leg . he yawn and stretch , make a face , and with he finger pick something distasteful from he tooth . he also notice something under he fingernails and as he go to clean they , he suddenly do a complete Stan Laurel discover where he be . he put he hand over he eye . david wake I up , Alex . he slowly peak through he finger ; he 's still there . he stand up and look around . the zoo open and woman with pram and child hustle about . David see they come towards he , note he lack of clothes , and decide it would be better for all concerned if they do not meet . he look around for a suitable hide place and dash behind some bush . he crouch down so that he can not be see , scratch himself on a thorn . david ouch ! 66 int . alex be flat - day Alex sit hold David 's tear T-shirt . she be try to read she book , but be just too distract . the phone ring and she run for it . alex ( excited , then disappointed ) hello ? no , Dr. Hirsch , he have not come back yet . yes , I will , doctor , but I just feel so helpless sit here do nothing . thank you , yes , goodbye . she hang up and look around the empty flat . she be now more worried than ever . 67 ext . london zoo - day David be still behind the bush . he look to see if the coast be clear , then stand up and part the bush . he step out to confront a dowager lady . david hello . CUT to : dowager's face dumbfound . david Excuse I , will not you ? he return to the bush . CUT to : closeup - a gorilla eating a little boy with four helium balloon on a string be stare intently at the gorilla . the Little Boy leave the monkey house and we travel with he as he look at several other animal . eventually he come to the Wolf cage . david ( o.s. ) pssst ! the Little Boy look around . david ( o.s. ) hey , kid ! pssst . Little boy with the balloon . the Little Boy pantomime , " who I ? " CUT to : the bushes David can not be see . david ( o.s. ) come over here . the Little Boy shake he head . the bush reply : david ( o.s. ) if you come over here , I will give you a pound . the Little Boy shake he head . the bush plead . david ( o.s. ) two pound ? the Little Boy shake he head . the bush reason : david ( o.s. ) listen , two pound be a lot of money . it 's almost five dollar . little boy ( very English ) I do not know who you be . david ( o.s. ) I be the famous balloon thief . little boy why would a thief want to give I two pound ? david ( o.s. ) ( lose patience ) come here and I will show you . the Little Boy start cautiously towards the shrubbery , but stop a few foot away . david ( o.s. ) ( plead ) come on ! the Little Boy edge forward . david ( o.s. ) a little closer . when the Little Boy get within reach , David grab he balloon and use they to cover he crotch . david thank you . David run off through the zoo , naked but for he balloon , startling several animal lover . 68 ext . park - day a elderly couple sit feed bird , they coat fold nearly over the park bench . a naked blur dart by , grab the top coat as it pass , scare off the bird . 69 ext . london zoo - day the Little Boy tug at he mother be coat . mother yes , love ? little boy a naked , american man steal my balloon . mother what ? little boy a naked , american man -- the famous balloon thief . 70 ext . newsstand - day the sign they always have on London newsttand proclaim " man or monster ? " Dr. Hirsch pick up a newspaper with its headline , " London murder victim found partially devour " . dr . hirsch I will have one of that , too . he pay for the papers . the second one 's headline , " death toll up to six - New Jack the ripper ? " 71 ext . london STREET - day - bus stop in another part of town . the camera be on the crowd of fifteen or twenty people wait for the bus . when the bus pull up , they all crowd in . the camera go to floor level and slowly examine the footwear of the crowded bus . passenger be stand in the aisle and the camera slowly pan on they galoshes , boot , high heel , rubber , etc. , until it come to rest on a conspicuous pair of bare foot . we pan up to find David clad only in a woman 's rain coat with a fur collar try to look as nonchalant as possible . a man look at he oddly . david ( cheerfully ) a lot of weather we have be have lately . the man study David carefully . 72 int . alex be flat - day Alex sit in the kitchen drink tea and read . there be loud knock on the door . Alex rush to open it and David enter quickly , close the door behind he . he be still wear the woman 's coat . alex David ! where on earth have you be !?! david I be freezing . he go into the bedroom and take off the coat and get dress as Alex watch in amazement . David be excited , even euphoric . david Alex , I have lose my mind . I wake up at the zoo ! but you know what ? I feel terrific ! alex the zoo ? david waking up at the zoo , that 's not so insane . have no clothes on ? that 's insane . what do I do last night , Alex ? alex do not you remember ? david I say goodbye to you . I be lock out of the flat . I climb the wall and come in through the bathroom window . I start to read and then I be naked at the zoo ! ( big smile ) I guess I be out of my fuck mind . Alex sit next to he and put she arm around he shoulder . alex I worried about you . we do not know where you be . David kiss she , a desperate kiss , and she kiss back with equal passion . alex where do you get that coat ? David laugh . 73 int . dr . hirscha' office Dr. Hirsch be dial the phone . 74 int . alex' flat the phone ring . alex I will get it . Alex go to the phone . alex hello ? the telephone conversation be intercut between Alex and Dr. Hirsch . dr . hirsch Alex , have you hear anything ? Alex speak softly so that David will not hear she . alex he 's here . dr . hirsch ( excited ) be he all right ? why do not you call I ? where be he ? alex he do not remember . he wake up at the zoo . dr . hirsch the zoo ? be he rational ? alex yes , he be . he 's very excited and confuse , but he 's not crazy , if that 's what you mean . dr . hirsch have you read the papers today ? have you listen to the radio or television ? alex no , why ? dr . hirsch be David act strangely ? alex no , not really . Dr. Hirsch consider . dr . hirsch could you get here without any trouble ? alex yes , I should think so . dr . hirsch right . now listen carefully . I want you to bring David here . I want he in my care . I will notify the police that we have find he . it be imperative that you bring he straight to the hospital . do you understand ? alex yes , Doctor . dr . hirsch you be certain he 's lucid ? you will not need any help ? alex he 's fine . we will come right over . dr . hirsch shall I send a car ? alex no , a cab will be faster . dr . hirsch I expect you shortly . Dr. Hirsch hang up , check a piece of paper , and then dial again . dr . hirsch yes , Scotland yard ? 75 ext . london STREET - day Alex and David be walk . alex the next corner we can get a cab . david ( grin ) I should be commit . alex Dr. Hirsch will know what to do . david ( stretch ) I do not know why I feel so good . I have not feel this good in a long time . Alex be signal for a taxi . david my body feel alive , alert . I feel like a athlete . a taxi pull up ; Alex open the door . alex get in . 76 int . taxi - day alex Saint Martin 's Hospital . driver right . as they drive . driver it 's like the day of the mad barber of fleet Street , be not it ? alex I beg you pardon ? driver the murder . david ( concerned ) what murder ? driver last night . have not you hear ? six people in different part of the city mutilate . a real maniac this one . david pull over . alex but .... david ( adamant ) pull over . 77 ext . london STREET - day the cab pull to the sidewalk . david pay the man . David get out of the cab . alex David , wait ! she hurriedly hand the Driver some money and take off after David . alex David , what be you do ? david six people mutilate ? it have to be I , Alex . alex David , stop ! he turn and face she . david I be go to the cop . there 's a full moon tonight . Jack be right . I .... alex ( angry ) Jack be dead ! david Jack be dead . look , six people have be kill . I be go to the police . David take off walk briskly down the street . Alex have to jog to keep up with he . alex David , please be rational . let 's go to Dr. Hirsch . david rational !?! I be a fuck werewolf , for Christ 's sake ! he stride up to a bobbie on the corner . david Officer , I kill that people last night . bobbie ( interested ) you do , do you ? Alex run up . alex he 's play a stupid joke , sir . david ( dumbfounded ) what ? alex we have a argument . he 's be silly . david ( desperate ) I swear , I do not know this girl . bobbie all right , you two , move along . david hey , you asshole ! I want you to arrest I ! bobbie there 's no call for that kind of language . david ( shout ) Queen Elizabeth be a man ! Prince Charles be a faggot ! Winston churchill be full of shit ! bobbie ( lose patience ) now see here young man . david Shakespeare be french ! the Queen mother suck cock in hell ! shit ! fuck ! piss ! the bobbie take David 's arm roughly as pedestrian start to gather . bobbie that 's quite enough ! alex ( plead ) David , please ! david who be this girl ? bobbie you be go to have to stop this disturbance or I shall arrest you . david ( frustrated , yell ) that 's what I want you to do , you moron ! alex ( to bobbie ) Sir , he 's very upset . his friend be kill and .... david will you shut up !?!! bobbie ( lose he temper ) that 's enough ! now go about you business . alex yes , David , let 's go . david ( disbelief ) you be not go to arrest I ? David approach one of the onlooker . david do not you think he should arrest I ? onlooker well , I be not sure . how do he know this be not a prank ? david ( despair ) a prank ? alex ( urgently ) David .... the bobbie have lose all patience . bobbie I have no time for this foolishness . ( to onlooker ) nothing to look at . move along . the bobbie walk away . David be beside himself . david hopeless . it 's hopeless . alex ( softly ) David , let 's go now . David turn in a rage . david leave I alone , dammit ! you people be crazy ! I have get to get away from here ! I have get to do something ! alex ( worried ) David , do not lose control . david ( approach , hysteria ) Control !?! what control !?! get away from I ! he begin to cry . david leave I alone ! he run out into the street . Cars slam on they brake , just miss he . alex David , wait ! it 's too late . he 's lose in traffic . Alex stand for a moment not know which way to turn . 78 ext . alley - day David be run in panic . he finally come to rest in a alley . he sit down and sob uncontrollably . 79 int . dr . hirscha' office - day Alex sit distraught in the chair opposite the desk . Dr. Hirsch be talk to Lt. villier and sgt. McManus . lo. villier the forensic lad seem to feel that some sort of animal be involved , that 's true , but I hardly think .... dr . hirsch ( interrupt ) regardless of what you think , Lieutenant , the fact remain that David be miss and that we must find he . sgt . mcmanus before nightfall . dr . hirsch precisely . lo. villier ( harry ) gentlemen , please . we shall find Mr. kessler as quickly as we be able . alex he try to have himself arrest . he .... lo. villier ( interrupt ) get arrest be not all that difficult , miss price . alex he want help . he .... dr . hirsch ( interrupt ) what can we do to assist you ? lo. villier ( rise ) stay here . if we need you , we will know where to reach you . he and sgt. McManus pause by the door . lo. villier I can not accept a connection between David kessler and last night 's murder . we will find he , however . I can assure you of that . sgt . mcmanus we will find he , not to worry . the two policeman exit . Dr. Hirsch look at Alex . alex ( distraught ) what shall we do ? dr . hirsch ( comforting ) tea would be nice . 80 ext . leicester square - day David be in a telephone booth . david yes , operator . I would like to call the United States and reverse the charge . David kessler for anyone . yes , I will wait . hello ? yes , area code 315/472-3402 . thank you . ( pause ) hello ? Rachel ? just say yes , you will accept the charge . just say yes , Rachel . be Mom or dad home ? where be they ? where 's Max ? you be all alone ? Mom and dad would not leave I alone when I be ten . no , not ten and a half either . I be still in London . I be all better . look , would you tell Mom and dad that I love they ? I do not care , Rachel , just do it for I . okay ? good . and , Rachel , do not fight with Max . well , try . look , kid , please do not forget to tell Mom and dad I love they . I love Max and you , too . well , I do . no , I be not be weird , you little creep . you promise ? okay . be a good girl . I love you . bye . he hang up in profound depression . leave the booth he see a outdoor clock . it be 4:15 . he sigh , then catch sight of something . 81 ext . cinema - day - david be p.o.v. there stand Jack , now truly rotted and ghastly . he 's pretty much dry out , a third of he face go revealing the grin skull . he wave to David . Jack point inside the theater and go in . David smile , walk across the intersection , and up to the box office . ticket lady two and a half quid , please . David reach in he pocket . all he have be traveler 's check . david will you take a traveler 's check ? ticket lady no , sorry . David sign a $ 100 check and hand it to she . david keep the change . ticket lady well , thank you , sir ! she give he a ticket . David go in . 82 int . cinema - day a film ( to be determine ) play on screen . the small theater be mostly empty . a few snore bum and wide - eye child be scattered about . Jack sit in the last row in the shadow . he wave to David . David go and sit next to he . david hi , Jack . jack hi , David . they sit for a while watch the screen . david what can I say , Jack ? jack you do not have to say anything . david be not you go to say , `I tell you so ' ? jack if I be still alive , I probably would . david you look awful . jack thank you . david ( apologize quickly ) I do not mean it . I do not know what I be say . I be not even sure it be I who kill that people . I do not remember do it . jack what about the zoo ? david well , even if I be not the wolfman , I be crazy enough to do something like that . I mean , here I sit in Leicester Square talk to a corpse . I be glad to see you , Jack . jack I want you to meet some people . sitting down the row from Jack be a man , gerald bringsly , completely in the shadow . jack David kessler , this be Gerald bringsly . david hello . jack Gerald be the man you murder in the subway . we think it best you do not see he as he 's a fresh kill and still pretty messy . bringsly ( in shadow ; very English ) yes , I do look most unpleasant . the camera pan down to show the blood drip from the seat to a puddle on the floor . david ( horrify ) why be you do this to I , Jack ? bringsly this be not Mr. goodman 's idea . he be you good friend , whereas I be a victim of you carnivorous lunar activity . david ( appal ) Mr. bringsly , I be sorry . I have absolutely no idea what to say to you . bringsly you have leave my wife a widow and my child fatherless . and I understand that I be to walk the earth one of the live dead until the wolf 's bloodline be severe and the curse lift . bringlsy lean forward almost into the light , he glisten . bringsly you must die , David kessler . jack David , this be Harry berman and he fiancee judith Browns . the two victim lean forward from they seat next to Mr. bringsly . we can just make out that Harry have one arm miss . jack and this gentleman be alf , Ted , and Joseph . the Three derelict sit next to Harry and judith . all be slick in the darkness , the light from the screen illuminate they gore . derelict # 2 can not say we be pleased to meet you , Mr. kessler . david ( defeat ) what shall I do ? jack suicide . harry ( adamantly ) you must take you own life ! david that 's easy for you to say - you be already dead . bringsly no , David . Harry and I and everyone you murder be not dead . the undead . david ( to Jack ) why be you do this to I ? jack because this must be stop . david how shall I do it ? judith sleep pill ? derelict # 1 not sure enough . david I could hang myself . jack if you do it wrong , it would be painful . you would choke to death . derelict # 3 so what ? let `im choke . jack do you mind ? the man 's a friend of mine . derelict # 3 well he be not no friend of mine . bringsly gentlemen , please . harry a gun . derelict # 1 I know where he can get a gun . david do not I need a silver bullet or something ? jack be serious , would you ? David put he head in he hand . david madness . I have go totally mad . harry a gun be good . judith you just put the gun to you forehead and pull the trigger . bringsly if you put it in you mouth , then you would be sure not to miss . david thank you , you be all so thoughtful . as the conversation continue , the camera pull back from the grisly tableau . David grab he head suddenly . CUT to : 83 ext . big BEN - night the clock strike eleven . the full moon be up . 84 int . cinema - night David be drip wet and shaking violently . Three small child , the oldest nine , stand in the aisle stare at he . david ( gasp out in anguish ) go away ! please ! go away ! the child watch , fascinate as David 's seizure grow more severe . david ( he face contort ) run! please ...run. his hand clutch the arm of he chair . coarse thick hair split he skin . the child 's eye widen in fascination . 85 ext . cinema - night roar and scream come from inside the theater . the ticket taker at the door say to the ticket Lady : ticket taker I will check on the house . he go inside the theater . 86 int . cinema - night the ticket taker enter the theater . the movie continue on screen , but all else be quiet . he cautiously continue down the aisle . he see something and make he way towards it . he look down in horror . the wolf spring ! CUT to : 87 ext . leicester square - night from way up high we look down on the sidewalk and single out two bobbies run furiously to the cinema through the busy traffic . 88 ext . cinema - night the two cop run up , the ticket Lady be hysterical . ticket lady it 's horrible , horrible ! there 's a beast ! a mad dog ! it 's kill people in there ! one cop stay with the lady , the other rush inside . 89 int . cinema - night the cop enter a side door to find several bloody corpse . he hear something , look over to see the Wolf hunch over a victim . the Wolf turn , eye blaze , mouth drip with blood . we see it clearly for the first time . it be truly a hound from hell , its wolfen feature a hideous sight . its eye fierce , burn green . the Wolf roar and start for the cop . the cop rush out and slam the door behind he . 90 ext . cinema as the cop bolt the door shut . cop # 1 for God 's sake , Tom , there 's a monster in there ! the door shudder as the Wolf begin to batter they down . the cop strain to keep they shut . cop # 1 call for assistance and tell they to bring gun . pedestrian start milling around . the door be bulg . the Wolf 's roar continue . cop # 2 keep move ! will you people get out of the way ! 91 int . dr . hirscha' office - night Alex be asleep . Dr. Hirsch wake she . dr . hirsch nurse hobb say there 's a disturbance in Leicester Square involve some sort of mad dog . alex David ? dr . hirsch I doubt it . but it 's something to do . 92 int . police station - night a officer unlock a rack of rifle which be distribute to uniform man . 93 int . cinema - night Police car arrive , siren blaring . officer be push the crowd back as other man help hold the door close against the Wolf 's batter . another police car pull up and out step Lt. villier and sgt. McManus . lo. villier what the hell be go on here ? cop it 's some kind of animal , sir . we .... suddenly the door splinter apart and there stand the Wolf , eye blaze . it leap on Lt. villier , savaging he . the crowd fall back in panic . the Wolf run into traffic , a cab swerve to avoid hit it and plow into flee pedestrian hurl one through a shop window . mass confusion as order be shout and the police pursue the Wolf . it run down a alleyway into a cul de sac . it stop in the darkness , block by a brick wall . the Wolf whirl around , defiant , roaring . the cop quickly barricade the entrance to the alley . 94 int . taxi - night the taxi be halt by the traffic jam in Leicester Square . Police vehicle roar past . alex David ! it 's David ! she jump from the car before Dr. Hirsch can stop she . 95 ext . cul do sac - night the police arrive with weapon and efficiently ring the alley . Alex run to they . alex let I through ! cop stand clear , miss ! alex I must get through ! Alex dodge the cop and run into the alley . the officer shout after she . Dr. Hirsch reach the police line . dr . hirsch Alex ! Alex walk towards the dark end of the alley . alex David ? be it you ? be it true , David ? she 's almost to the end . the Wolf lay in wait in the shadow . the police raise they weapon . alex David ? the wolf rear up . in that brief instant , Alex realize it will kill she . officer Fire ! the gun blaze . the Wolf fall dead . Alex lean on the wall , numb . the cop , Dr. Hirsch , and sgt. McManus run to the dead Wolf only to find David , naked and riddled with bullet . Alex begin to weep . fade to : black end credit over black song : the fifty rock version of " Blue Moon " . the end