html { max-width:1024px;overflow:auto ;} if ( window == top ) { //document.write ( '< div style= " height :30 px ; " ></ div> < div id= " content " style= " max - width:1022px;overflow:auto " >' ) ; } else {document .write ( '< div id= " content " style= " max - width:804px;overflow:auto " >' ) ; } a american tragedy memo from David o. selznick to : Mr. B. P. schulberg ( General manager , paramount ) October 8 , 1930 I have just finish read the eisenstein adaptation of [ Theodore dreiser 's novel ] a american tragedy . it be for I a memorable experience ; the most move script I have ever read . it be so effective , it be positively torture . when I have finish read it , I be so depressed that I want to reach for the bourbon bottle . as entertainment , I do not think it have one chance in a hundred . ... be it too late to persuade the enthusiast of the picture from make it ? even if the dialogue rights have be purchase , even if dreiser 's service have be arrange for , I think it a unexcusable gamble on the part of this department to put into a subject as depress as this one , anything like the cost that a eisenstein production must necessarily entail . if we want to make a american tragedy as a glorious experiment , and purely for the advancement of the art ( which I certainly do not think be the business of this organization ) , then let 's do it with a [ John ] cromwell direct , and chop three or four hundred thousand dollar off the loss . if the cry of " courage ! " be raise against this protest , I should like to suggest that we have the courage not to make the picture , but to take whatever rap be come to we for not support eisenstein the artist ( as he prove himself to be with this script ) , with a million or more of the stockholder ' cash . let 's try new thing , by all mean . but let 's keep this gamble within the bound of that that would be indulge by rational businessman ; and let 's not put more money than we have into any one picture for year into a subject that will appeal to we vanity through the critical acclaim that must necessarily attach to its production , but that cannot possibly offer anything but a most miserable two hour to million of happy -mind young Americans . David o. selznick a american tragedy reel 1 1 . darkness . the low inspire voice of a woman be hear rise and fall in the singsong of a chant sermon . gradually there mingle with the voice the sound of the city and the noise of the street . the siren of a ambulance -- the anxious ringing of a streetcar . the characteristic cry of newsboy . the toot of automobile . gruff music through radio horn . with the ever-increasing sound of the various noise , view of the city flash upon the screen . view that express a well - define contrast . the infinite contrast between the chant of the sermon and the life of the city . and the woman 's voice continue , exalt , speak of the harm of drink , of the horror of sin and of the love of Jesus Christ . a small thin chorus follow the voice of the woman as she start sing the 27th hymn : " how sweet be the love of Jesus . " as yet we see neither the woman whose voice be hear , nor that who sing with she . 2 . of the many indifferent passer - by , there be one or two who listen to the sound of the song .... person slow they walk and look in the direction of the hymn . 3 . a group of curiosity seeker gather at the corner of a narrow street , they be busy watch . 4 . the crowd watch pityingly . various of its member speak of they in vary way . some mock they -- " you would think they could find a better racket than this . " other pity they ... yet other patronise they .... 5 . finally -- the street missionary . a old man with thick grey hair ; a woman large , heavily build ; and they child , two little girl and a boy of about seven -- clyde griffith . it be they who be sing the psalm . 6 . one woman wish to know why they drag they child along with they . and a second woman clinch the comment by add : " better for they to be send to school . " the child , uninterested , listless , devoid of enthusiasm , they eye astray , sing they hymn of praise while they parent try to gather alm from the little group of curiosity seeker . no alm be give . 7 . the bystander disperse , and the missionary , fold up they music , pick up they small organ and move away into the cavernous darkness of the tower narrow street . 8 . Seven -year-old clyde -- sensitive and ashamed of he surroundings -- look no one directly in the eye . 9 . the family of missionary move slowly down the street . " I think they be kinder today , " say the mother . 10 . they approach a dingy low - build odd - fashioned building , over the door of which hang a sign bethel independent Mission . the rest of the family disappear within the small door of this building and only clyde remain on the threshold . he hang back because street urchin be make fun of he and he family -- because he irk to answer they and pay they out for they mockery . but no word come to he , and with a typical movement he shrink into himself . 11 . in sorrow , and hurt by the insult , he turn from the laugh child and run across a dark and dirty courtyard towards a old , steep iron fire staircase at the back of the mission ; like some small hunt animal he run up the staircase to a platform . by the platform , crouch on the step , be he sister , seat there motionless . 12 . esta , he elder sister , who play the harmonium on the street corner , be crouch on the step ; she peer through a stone gap between the house onto the street , alive , bath in light . clyde sit down beside she as though hypnotise ; as though enchant , the child stare at this tiny piece of noisy life , listen rapt to the sound of a odd waltz , the strain of which float up from a unseen restaurant . they look , listen and dream . fade out 13 . and again in the darkness the same feminine voice rise and fall in the cadence of a singsong sermon . now clyde 's mother be speak of the life of man -- the child that become a youth -- and the year that pass and the youth that become a man ; and again the darkness dissolves and we see the favourite nook of the child , but now in they place be sit a youth and a young girl . clyde be now about sixteen or seventeen year old , and the girl a year or so older , but the impression remain enchant as before . there be more light on the street , its noise be louder , its movement more bustling . from the restaurant we now hear the quick lively tune of a foxtrot , but the expression on the youth 's face have remain the same and there be the same weary sadness in the eye of the girl .... 14 . in the restaurant be be play the well - know dance the chorus of which be form from the hackneyed repetition of a cry of hallelujah , and from below , in the mission building , rise , interrupt the woman 's sermon , the same cry but with another intonation and another feel -- hallelujah . and as the same yet different cry of hallelujah clash , the tremendous contrast form a discordant dissonance that rouse esta and the boy clyde , who start at its sound . they descend the iron stair . 15 . open the yard door into the mission , they pause just within it .... the mother have finish she sermon and , with sincere exaltation and faith , bid she listener sing the last psalm : " if ye have faith -- as a grain of mustard seed , ye shall say unto this mountain ; remove hence to yonder place ; and it shall move ; and nothing shall be impossible unto you . " finish , she ask she follower to sing the chorus . 16 . clyde be miserable . he wish to leave . his sister press he hand and , though equally unhappy , she nevertheless go docilely towards the harmonium . the congregation get ready to sing .... they clear they throat -- ( cough ! ) .... they blow they nose and shuffle they foot . clyde , hatred in he eye , turn he head from the spectacle , and go into he own room , slamm the door behind he . his mother look up in concerned surprise . 17 . inharmoniously and out of tune the congregation begin to sing . 18 . clyde sit down on the bed , hide he face in he hand . 19 . the mother sing with deep faith and religious feel . sleepily , droningly sing the father .... the congregation sing hoarsely and out of tune . 20 . clyde jump off he bed , grab he hat , brushes the dust off it with he sleeve , and leave the room with decision .... with firm step he walk past the crowd of singer , and he anxious mother , continue to sing , follow he with surprised eye . esta at the harmonium be likewise startle by he behaviour . clyde go out into the street and move , firmly resolve , in the direction of life -- in the direction of light and movement ; and the further away he get from the mission the less clearly do he hear the discordant tune , and the stronger grow the sound of the street and the brighter grow its light . 21 . he pass the show window of a sport - goods store .... the window , and glass showcase set out into the street , crowded by dummy figure of the well - dress in white bathing suit , tennis dress , white golf suit -- brandish all manner of sport weapon . clyde drift amid the maze of this white society dummy . 22 . he pass a drug store , where , amidst dazzle shine of metal and white porcelain , the soda fountain be be manipulate by a youth of he own age clad in white cap , tunic and apron . clyde stop , as a group of young girl , laugh and joke , take all the seat at the counter . the youth joke with they as he mix he syrup and creams like a circus magician , flipping he glass and spoon like a juggler . clyde see that one of the place at the counter be empty . the young girl smile enticingly , but the fewness of the copper coin he have extract from he pocket make he turn and go in the opposite direction . now he pass close to a gasoline station , where boy of he own age , in white dungaree , be clean the windshield of magnificent car , fill the radiator with water and pour gasoline into the tank . 23 . his path lie past the bright entrance of a cinema . boy of he own age in usher ' uniform of white , trim with gold , like that of lion tamer , stand there seem to he more magnificent and splendid than general in uniform . past all this boy , so beautifully groom , so proud and self - assure , slink clyde in he little darn old suit , he haircut as of a day long past , he manner as of a crush , maim soul . 24 . suddenly the sad weariness leave he bear , and alert attention enter he expression .... at first a little cautious , then musingly uncertain , then resolute , he look at a sign glue to the glass pane of the door of a store . the sign read Boy want . clyde be undecided but at last he take hold of the doorknob to turn it . the door be lock , and now clyde see a postscript on the sign apply before 6 p.m . he look around he and see on the clock of the city hall -- 10 . 25 . out of the mission , straggling , the last remnant of the congregation be make they way onto the street . clyde enter the building , he pass through the hall , there be no one at the harmonium , the harmonium seat be empty , the mother be talk to a miserable group of person about to leave . 26 . the desert harmonium . 27 . the father prepare dinner . 28 . the desert harmonium . 29 . clyde enter he room . approach the chest of drawer he take out he money box and jingle it next he ear . it be of papier m�ch� , a wear child 's money box in the form of a pig ; it contain only a few penny . now he take out of he pocket the money that be insufficient to buy he a soda and thrust it , coin by coin , into the slot . as he restore the money box to the chest , he catch sight of himself in a mirror , approach it and scrutinise he reflection . 30 . from under the bed he pull out a old album with a collection of illustrate newspaper clipping on which be represent heroes of the world of sport -- of fashion -- dancer -- entertainment in which girl and boy of he own age participate . he look back into the mirror and compare himself with the picture . 31 . the mother , a coffee pot in one hand and a mug in the other , approach he door offer he he dinner . 32 . clyde start at she voice , hide the picture , and , have learn the object of she knock , refuse he dinner . when the step of he mother have die away , and the squeak of the close kitchen door have reach he , clyde proceed with he strange occupation . he comb he unruly hair , pour on it some oil out of a bottle , and then part it like that of one of the boy in the picture . he tie he tie into a bow , and , tear a little piece of material from the curtain , tuck it into he breast pocket . when he now survey himself again in the mirror , he smile in satisfaction at the marvellous change in he appearance . at this moment come a anxious knock at the door . clyde neither start nor shrink in the manner customary to he . with firm step he go to the door and he ask what be the matter without hesitation . from behind the door in a voice uneasy and tremble , unusual to she , he mother ask he to let she in . clyde half - open the door , and he mother look into the room over he arm , ask he whether he have see esta . clyde be surprised at she question and she manner . " we can not find she , " say he mother . at that moment enter the father , and , as though confirm the word of he wife , say that he have hunt through all the place outside , where she usually go and he can not think where she can have get to . 33 . the desert harmonium . 34 . clyde dash into the little room of he sister .... her thing be in disorder . the sign of a hasty pack . 35 . the parent be speak of ask help from the police . 36 . from out of the bed in the room next door peep the frighten young child . 37 . on the pillow of he sister 's bed be pin a small note . clyde find it . before he have time to unfold it , he mother stretch out she hand for it . have read it , she pale and say : " she 's run away with someone . I think she be happy here , but evidently I be wrong . " only now do the mother notice the change in she son . only now do she notice he change way of dress he hair , he tie , and he grow - up appearance . and clyde suddenly , in a unfamiliar voice , speak . a outburst full of bitterness . he speak of the futility of he existence . he say he wish to work , but he do not know how to do anything because he have not be teach anything . he say he parent have do nothing for he , not even write to he uncle Samuel who have a big collar factory and might have teach he to work . they have not even do that . he raise he voice and say that he will not go on live like this , that he want to work and he will work . 38 . while he be engage in this outburst the young child creep out of bed and approach they mother . she drop wearily into a armchair . clyde stop suddenly and run out of the room . the mother be quiet under the blow of this unexpected event . she notice the child , put she heavy arm around they , and tell they what they should say if anyone should ask where esta be . she have leave to visit relative in tonawanda . this will not be quite true but we may say it because we ourselves do not know the whole truth . go pray to the Lord and go to sleep . 39 . and in the yard , on the platform of the fire escape , tremble with emotion at the scene he have just go through , clyde -- now alone -- stand gaze out over the town , the mysterious town that have swallow up he sister , where one by one the light twinkle and go out . reel 2 1 . Dawn creep up over the city . 2 . and already clyde stand , in the pale light of the dawn , in front of the store with the notice Boy want . the store be not yet open . clyde wait and wait , until life begin slowly to waken on the street . at last the door of the store be open from within , and a youth appear , wear spectacle and clad in a white smock . clyde ask he : " be this where the boy 's want ? " the youth shake he head and grin . clyde , disappointed , point to the notice . the youth laugh , take it down from the glass doorpane and explain that he 's the boy that be want ; he get take on yesterday . the fortunate youth withdraw into the store close the door behind he and clyde , discourage , sit listlessly down upon the step . a angry -look individual open the door and come out : " what do you want ? " -- he ask of clyde . clyde explain again that he want work . crossly , the man reply that he have nothing for he . take a second glance at the boy , he notice he good look and offer he a hint : " you look a smart lad . why not try the hotel round the block ? " he give clyde the name -- squire -- of the staff manager , but warn he not to say who send he , and as clyde , he spirit soar , move away , the storekeeper call out : " but do not give they my name . " 3 . clyde stop at the corner to write down the name squire . as he do so we see that he make orthographical mistake indicate the imperfection of he education . 4 . across a yard into which the hotel garbage be be throw and where coal be be unladen for the heating of the building -- through the door where dirty linen be be check into a van and by scullery where dish be be wash , clyde pass into the office of Mr. squire . 5 . " we need good - look boy , " say Mr. squire to a redhead youth with freckle all over he face stand before he desk . " sorry , " say the boy . " next . " from Mr. squire . clyde , enter the private office , plunge into the midst of telephone call , the signing of cheque and form . Mr. squire ' every attention be wrap up in call and errand boy . he look up at clyde stand there and see in a glance all he desire to know about he . he tell he rapidly the condition of work , call a boy and send clyde with he to be fitte for he uniform . 6 . as clyde take off he shoe with they patch sole , he be ashamed of they and of he darn sock ashamed of he soile and mend underwear as they take he measurement . the youth who be he guide look superciliously at he , and keep he eye fix upon he , which tend only to increase clyde 's embarrassment . the name of the boy be ratterer . " you gotta be back ready to start at a quarter to eight this evening , " say the boy . fade out 7 . fade in clyde 's hand be see grasp the papier m�ch� money box and break it against the window sill -- the fragment tumble , and the hand pick up the coin from among the fragment . 8 . active hand , busy hand clean all manner of people in all manner of way . hand stropping , shave the razor blade down a soap - bury cheek , trimming the hair with great snip of the scissors -- hand busy polish boot with a boot brush , and the great hand of the city clock point to 7:35 . 9 . the basement where the hotel boy get dress , little elbowroom and plenty of noise . boy be busily slick they hair down -- scent themselves with a dash of eau-de - cologne -- give a extra shine to they shoe -- tilting they cap at a angle , just so -- and smoking cigarette after cigarette . in a corner sit clyde , uneasy and bashful . he be wash , he hair be cut , he be spick and span in he new uniform . he be terribly anxious , as a schoolboy before a examination -- as a soldier go into battle . ratterer enter towards he , look he over authoritatively with the air of a superior be -- fix clyde 's tie , pull at he uniform -- fix he cap at the right slant over he eyebrow and then start to give he instruction . have adjust clyde 's clothes , unconsciously notice he as clean and neat , ratterer become friendly . he sit there at he ease , he knee cross , flick the ash off he cigarette with a finger of the hand that hold it . clyde sit on the very edge of the bench , he knee apart , strive to control he anxiety . ratterer begin : " in the morning the blind have to be pull up -- at night they have to be let down -- at sundown switch on the small light and always put fresh water in the closet . " 10 . as ratterer speak we see on the screen the mechanical routine of a hotel boy 's duty . a day - boy pull up the blind . a night - boy let down the blind . ratterer continue : that when the room be ready one can stay by the door a few moment before leave , and if this procedure result in a tip it must be gratefully acknowledge -- and if it do not one must show no trace of disappointment and bow oneself out . and as he continue we continue to see the illustration of the routine . and ratterer continue : that no matter what happen , the guest be always right , and he add that , in a good day , if all go well , clyde may possibly make as much as six or seven dollar in tip . 11 . six or seven dollar ! clyde be speechless with joy . 12 . the signal bell , and clyde stand in single file with the other boy ready for duty .... a second bell and the boy go through a small door , through which as it open be hear penetrate a buzz of voice and the distant music of the hotel orchestra . the army of boy approach large gilt door and , as this be flung back , clyde be plunge into the maelstrom and dazzle of a gorgeous gilt and mirror hall decorate for a ball . 13. immediately by the door whence he have emerge be a cloakroom . pile of rich fur heap upon the counter . a woman beside he fling back she mantle and emerge from it , white and naked by contrast . the silk , the exquisite dress , the precious stone and elegance bewilder and increase the anxiety of clyde . 14 . on the highly polished floor of the vestibule of this hall stand the file of boy ready for order . 15 . to clyde , this be not boy on duty but almost the Guards at the change of the guard at Buckingham Palace . he feel that this be a parade , at which he will be promote general at least . 16 . the parade be finish , group of the boy disperse in they several direction , clyde be in a group that sit down on a long bench wait for call . 17 . barely have they sit down when a bell ring -- from out of a small window a order be give , and the first boy in the line run off to fulfil it . 18. Bell after bell , order after order , boy after boy -- the long line of boy keep move up as that at the head move up , return to sit at the tail when they task be complete . as , little by little , clyde see himself approach the head of the bench he anxiety grow stronger and stronger . his movement be more nervous and there be a bewilder expression in he eye . 19 . and on the background of the accompaniment -- of bell of order be cry out -- of the music from the restaurant and the laughter of the guest -- occasional fragment of ratterer 's continue instruction continue to penetrate to we : " you gotta use the employee ' elevator " -- " even number be on the leave of the corridor , odd number on the right . " 20 . and clyde approach nearer and ever nearer to the end of the bench -- and the bell ring ever more frequently and the tempo of everyone 's movement hasten and speed . it be he turn now . he tremble in he anxiety like a race horse at the " off " . a bell . a order ring out : " number 500 " -- clyde dash up the short flight of step to the gate of the elevator on the bel-�tage . 21. the employee ' elevator be full . 22. at the last moment he squeeze into a neighbour elevator . the door shut to , deaden the sound of the orchestra , the laughter and noise of the great hall . 23. the elevator be pack with man in evening dress . clyde be wedge into the midst of satin lapel and stiff white cuff . the elevator go up and up , leave behind it the sound of the ever recede music . the glitter of the evening dress suit and the polish of the man only increase the anxiety of clyde . the elevator stop . clyde squeeze aside to let someone in and then dart out himself . 24 . the door of the elevator swing to behind he , and clyde be leave , solitary , in the carpete silence of a long empty corridor . at first he run quickly , but then more slowly for it seem sacrilege to run on the soft sink pile of this carpet . 25 . he stop before the big double door of no. 500 , brushes he hand over he hair , give a twist to he tie , to he cuff , and knock . " come in , " be hear from behind the door . 26 . clyde open the door . it be dark in the room ; only one light shine from behind a screen . a man 's hand with money in it reach out from behind the screen and a masculine voice be hear tell he to go buy a pair of garter . " pink one , " add suddenly a woman 's voice from behind the screen . " yes , sir , " stammer clyde in he confusion and run down the corridor towards the elevator . 27 . a negro boy be in it , guide the elevator , and together they start go down . " New ? " enquire the negro . " you will soon get use to it , " and , learn he errand give he direction for find the hotel shop . 28. the door of the elevator slide open , clyde rush out . the door close behind he . 29 . clyde be in the shop . the woman behind the counter be finish wrapping the garter and hand clyde , together with the package , a bill and a ten-cent tip . notice he pleased surprise she tell he that every time he busy anything there he will receive 10 per cent commission . 30 . clyde rush out of the shop . he be lose in the series of great hall . through Morocco -- through Venice -- through room in Empire and in gothic style , through sample of all the world he hurry frantically . at last he be back in the main entrance hall , fill with guest in they gorgeous dress . he thread he way through the great crowd , and once again at the last moment manage to squeeze into the elevator . 31 . the elevator be crowded with lady . amidst the expensive dress and perfume and the nudity of the bare back stand the tremble clyde , he excitement have pass all bound . 32 . a bell . clyde dive through the bevy of lady and stop before no. 500 . the door open , and in front of the decorate screen stand a man in radiantly glitter dress gown . clyde bend and obsequiously hand he the package , the bill and the change . the man absent- mindedly take the package , put the change into he pocket , and screw up and throw away the bill -- then he look at the garter and then at clyde . exactly as instruct , clyde stand in the same place , shifting from foot to foot . the man throw open he dress gown with a gesture , take a fifty - cent piece out of he vest pocket and give it to clyde . clyde can not believe it . he be numb with astonishment . to look at the garter the man turn on the light , and with the click of the switch the room suffuse with brilliance , as the glow of happiness suffuse clyde 's face . " fifty cent . " a unknown voice be hear scream it and a smile almost of exaltation brighten the whole face of clyde . " fifty cent . " still louder scream the strange voice , and together with the cry the orchestra be hear play a wild , happy march . as though at High mass the music peal forth , and the hotel resemble a mighty cathedral . like a organ swell forth the huge proud volume of music and a tremendous chorus of human voice rend the air asunder behind the whole small be of the youthful clyde , clasp in he fist he fifty - cent piece . 33. and as the screen fade and grow darker , so the mighty note of the music grow fainter and they sound slowly fade -- 34 . and there rise the image of the poor mission hall and the sound of its congregation sing psalm . 35 . clyde run through the mission hall into he room , close the door behind he . 36 . he go to pick up he money box but it be there no longer . only the fragment of it be upon the sill . then he unclench he fist and in the palm of he hand be to be see silver coin to the amount of several dollar . and with the same gesture as that with which the man have throw back he dress gown and give clyde he first tip , clyde now throw back he coat and thrust the money into he vest pocket . then , slapping he pocket with he hand he look at himself in the mirror and smile he first smile . and together with this first smile be hear from behind the door the strain of a joyous song such as " everybody 's happy . " reel 3 1 . it be a morning , and boy be filing through the office of Mr. squire . Mr. squire sit at he desk and each as he pass lay a dollar on the table , to be greet sometimes by a nod . Mr. squire appear casual , but we can see from he glance that he be watch carefully to make sure of he tribute . the little dollar pile grow and clyde add he quota . " quite at home now , eh ! " -- greet squire as he pocket the money . " yes , sir , " reply clyde and go . 2 . clyde go into the dress room , smoke a cigarette , and in a carefree know way , don he hotel uniform . with a practise hand he smooth he hair , flip the ash off he cigarette , tie he tie and laugh at the crack of he colleague , among whom be ratterer . a bell be hear , and the boy get into line . 3 . as on the first day , they all go into the hall , but the hall now no longer seem as grand to clyde . a morning , businesslike atmosphere pervade it -- emptiness -- severity . the tempo of the successive bell - ringing be no longer frenzied , but slower , deliberate . and as bell follow bell , there pass before we , in glimpse after glimpse , the fragment of life as they pass before a bellhop , the moral face that society present to he . the boy seat on the bench be quietly yawn and bored . 4 . a bell . clyde jump up and run to the office . a happy and bright couple of newlywed ask for a room . the clerk tell they the number , and give clyde the key . clyde take they luggage and lead they to the elevator . 5 . in the room , obedient to ratterer 's instruction , clyde go through all the necessary operation . he open the blind in the window , check the electric bulb , see if there be ink in the inkpot , water in the pitcher , and go into the bathroom . Left alone , the couple kiss . obey ratterer 's instruction , clyde change the water in the carafe . at the sound of the run water , the newlywed start and look guiltily at clyde , stand in the doorway . he smile back in answer to they smile . 6 . a bell . a second boy on duty jump up . he carefully knock on the door of another room . " come in , " a voice be hear to call out . the boy enter . he be carry a large bundle of newspaper once in the room he see through the half - open door into the bathroom . in the bath , she back to he , sit a woman comb out she wet hair . " it 's we wedding day today , " say the woman . her husband grunt unintelligibly in answer , and start pick out the papers he want from the boy . the woman , see a youth , give a scream . the man laugh at she fright and hide himself behind the paper with the callous expression a one who think such modesty from she unnecessary at she age . 7 a third bell . a third boy on duty jump up . with a tray on which be bottle of soda water he enter the room . within it , all be in dreadful disorder . a gramophone -- empty bottle -- card -- and from behind the back of a armchair can be see the foot of a sleep man . a woman be lie in bed and abuse a second man who be pour a drink for himself out of a hip -flask . the woman , have say what she want to , turn she back on he . " behave yourself , " the man say , as he see the boy enter . the woman in irritation , to spite he , throw she blanket off she , sit up and chuck the boy under the chin . sense a quarrel , the man gesture for the boy to get out . 8. a fourth bell . a fourth boy on duty , handsome , sunburnt , close the door behind he . in the foreground of the room he have enter be basket of flower . he hear a woman 's voice , as if call out he name . he straighten up , and smile a know smile . sitting in a armchair , the woman motion with she hand . on it be numerous bracelet , ring , and she finger hold a long cigarette holder . the fourth boy on duty approach she . 9 . Three bell ring one after the other . Three boy jump up and run off . in a room stand a woman , who be sobbing in terrible distress . Mr. squire be annoyed , he be scolding she as she pack she thing into a trunk . the woman say : " what a fool I have be -- and he walk straight out like that and leave I , " and at that moment the three boy enter . the woman finish write out a telegram , and a boy take it , then wait for the money . the sobbing woman search in she purse and cannot find any money . Mr. squire take the money out of he own pocket and the boy run out into the corridor . 10 . the fourth boy circumspectly leave the room of the woman with the cigarette holder , and , fold a bundle of dollar , hide they in he pocket . 11 . " we can wait two or three day , but you will have to change you room , " squire motion to the other two boy to take away the sobbing woman 's luggage . in another part of the room two stout negro woman be pull the bedding and table cloth off the bed and table . 12 . clyde and ratterer be go down the stair carry trunk . " you have not forget , " say ratterer , " that we be go out tonight ? " " oh , no , " answer clyde . 13. from the room vacate by the desert woman we can hear the laughter of the negro maid , change the linen . one of the plump woman pinch a bellhop who have just come into the room . 14 . in the room where they undress , the boy , finish with they duty , be change they clothes , and laugh at one of they number who be imitate the sobbing woman . ratterer be bite he lip in anticipation of the night -out ; show a imitation of the " danse du ventre " to clyde , comically exaggerate the snake- like movement , as a sample of what he be to see that evening . " and gee , next week , clyde , that will be a time . I know a fellow who 's a gardener and the people there will be away . we can take they car easy , one of the fellow here can drive . and we will get some girl and we will have a time ! do not forget . " have divest themselves of uniform vest and cap , the boy be dress in smart evening dress , hat , fasten up the fancy bow of they tie , fix they silk pocket handkerchief , and fasten the lace of they shoe in extravagant bow . they powder , scent themselves with eau-de - cologne , oil they hair , put cigar into the pocket of they vest and , in such a costume , clyde look like a illustration for a fashion magazine . at the back of the huge hotel , with merry joke and a important stride , a group of the boy go but dress up like man . the group disappear in the darkness . 16 . the window of clyde 's room . Dawn behind the window . and in the room a lamp be burn and in a sit position on the bed , he mother have fall asleep wait for he . 17 . clyde , come in from the street , cautiously open the door to the mission building , over which hang a sign : how Long since you wrote to you mother ? 18. on tiptoe clyde walk through the big empty hall , past the empty harmonium . he quietly enter he room , go to the mirror and study he dishevel look consequent in the riotously spend evening . suddenly he notice the light lamp , turn to the bed and see he mother . her open eye seem to have be watch he . but they have be unsee , she have other thought . startle , he be confuse by awareness of he appearance , and quickly start to take out the bright link from he cuff . " clyde , " he hear he mother 's voice . the mother be sit on the bed , she look long at he with strange eye . clyde be worried . he hide the bright cuff link , but the mother remark nothing about he , she say : " clyde , could not you help I find some money ? " and she rough , big , coarse hand pass over she face . " you see -- esta -- have be leave by the man who ... by she husband .... she be in a terrible plight -- I will sell you father 's ring , then you know -- we have -- a silver jug and plate -- but it will not be enough . " clyde 's surprise and worry pass . he begin to feel the superiority of he position . he put he cuff link back , and with a intonation which be still humble but have a different ring in it , promise to find money for he mother . his mother ask he to add five dollar a week for the rent of he room , so that with this money she can pay back the money she have borrow . clyde agree half - heartedly and make a sour face . " you see , mother , I do not earn very much and then I want money rather specially next week , " he say . fade out 19 . a luxurious open Packard drive out of a garage . ratterer , dress in smart evening dress , close the garage door . at the wheel sit a boy of about sixteen or seventeen year , dress as elegantly as ratterer . look about they , they turn into a alley where two of they companion ( one of they clyde ) and four young girl , powder and dress up , be wait for they . they take they place in the car , and ratterer say to the boy at the wheel : " well , there -- no one see we -- I tell you it would be safe as house . " and , with a grind of gear , the Packard start off . 20 . a young girl be sit on clyde 's knee . she press close to he , and he derive from she contact a tremble sense of pleasure . but clyde be inexperienced , he be shy . the car go rush by pretty road , the girl squeal at every turn , press closer to the boy . time pass . they have go far . the sun be set , and the boy look at they watch . " we must be get back now , " say ratterer , " or we shall be late for work . " and with a risky movement the Packard be head round . look at he colleague , clyde slowly grow more certain of himself and , see how they press the girl closer to they and boldly kiss they , clyde embrace he companion who , help he , kiss he herself . the car stop at a railway crossing , let a long freight train pass by . ratterer be nervous and tell the driver : " step on it -- there will be a fearful bawling - out . " when the last freight wagon open up the road for they , the car at a mad speed dash through the evening darkness , along the wet road . 21. the first snow be fall . the wet flake cover the windshield and close the eye of that in the car . at a street crossing they cannot pass because of the steady traffic across . it be five minute to six on the watch . the boy no longer embrace the girl , they be anxious , nervous , beat they knee with they hand , twist they watch in they hand , stamp they foot on the board , and wait for the moment to get across the crossing . at the very first opportunity , at high speed , the car flash past and dash into a alley . at the turn , from out of a corner , a little girl come out , and the car knock she down . terrify , the driver , he face livid with fright , accelerate he speed , and the car , hum like a aeroplane , dash past . " stop that car " -- " he 's kill a child " -- " stop , stop ! " " stop they ! " cries and whistle be hear from the alley , and , hum ever louder , the Packard go ever quick with its terrify occupant . " switch off the light ! " cry ratterer , and the driver turn the switch to off . without light , through the dark alley , the car dash on . the siren of police motorcycle be hear behind they . hear this siren , the driver push the speed up to the very high the car can go . 22. the siren be hear ever nearer and a group of motorcyclist come dash into the camera . 23. skid at a turn , the Packard be throw against the pavement , jerk sideways , cut into a mound of stone and wooden board , and , crackle with a loud noise , it turn on its side . 24 . clyde jump to he foot , have be throw out through a open door , and , tremble with fear and forebode , look around he . the roar of the police siren approach nearer , become more and more terrifying . wiping the blood off he face , clyde run into a narrow alley between tall building , climb over a fence , over a mound of brick , run through a lot of dust and rubbish and reach the outskirt of the town , where the prairie begin . look back , he see , through the curtain of fall snow , the light of the city , hear the roar of the police siren , the whistle , the cry . he see behind he the ruin of he job , the scandal that cut he from he home . clyde tremble and , turn , go away into the field , hide in the thickly , fast fall snow . reel 4 1. the darkness lighten to disclose the anxious family of clyde intent upon a letter . the letter be the first news they have receive from he for a year . in it he have related something of he difficulty and fear follow the Packard accident , he scraping of a existence from town to town . now he be work in Chicago , a small job and he be sorry he cannot yet send money . the family be deeply move . the father stare in front of he . clyde 's mother pause , and put down the letter . she can not finish it . the little girl end the read of the letter . at the end of the letter be set Chicago , the date and the year . 2. the letter fade out and we see the city of Chicago and , resplendent on one of the building , be a electric sign . the sign outline a collar , a collar gorgeous , in apotheosis -- straight line of light , like a fiery star , like a halo , shoot out around it , burst and extinguish like the open and shutting of a fist . and ever and anon , beneath it , show the illuminate signature : Samuel griffith . 3. the camera pan down , and we see a man with a travel bag beside he on the pavement and a umbrella . his head strike the background of the light collar and over he shoulder burst out the illuminate sign : Samuel griffith . he be stand outside a sort of residential club , a hostelry much more sober of exterior than the hotel of previous reel . a porter run up to he , take he grip away from he , and follow he through the door of the club . 4 . have check - in for a room , he hand a visit card to the clerk . the name on it be : Samuel griffith . 5 . once in he room he ring down , ask that newspaper be bring he , and , while wait for they , he look out of the window , ponder upon the advertisement of he ware . a boy come in with the papers . he offer he a tip , but the boy , shifting as if embarrassedly on he foot , refuse to accept the money , say : " Excuse I , sir , but be you Mr. Samuel griffith ? " " yes , " answer the surprised guest . " well , excuse I , sir , my name be clyde griffith . my father be you brother . " " oh , indeed ! " exclaim Samuel griffith , glance at he shrewdly . clyde bear this inspection . he have be through a good deal . he be thin and more subdued , but still sensitive - look and handsome . 6. in the corridor a employee of the club , in the same uniform as clyde , be vacuume the carpet . on the stair , a second servant in uniform be polish the brass baluster . a third servant be wash a large windowpane , through which can be see the city , and the advertisement of the collar . 7 clyde be stand deferentially before Samuel griffith , who , patronise and seat , be bring a homily to a end : " if you want to get out of the rut and be somebody , and care to come down to we part of the world , I think I should be ready to give you a chance to show what you have in you and what you be capable of . " clyde , but still deferential , thanks he with warmth and then , hearing a bell in the corridor , hurry out of the room . 8. the interior of the griffith ' household . the family -- he wife , son Gilbert , and daughter Bella , be breakfast . " well , what be he do now , " Gilbert , displease , desire to know . " he serve in a club in the capacity of a messenger boy , " Mr. griffith answer . " but father say he be very , very much like you , and much handsomer than any of we other cousin . " " Bella ! " -- she mother stop she . " I still can not understand , " say Gilbert , who really have a strong resemblance to clyde , only look a little more sullen and less docile , " why father take on people when we have difficulty in keep that who already work for we . besides I can imagine what will be say when people know this messenger boy be a relative of ours . " " it be too late now to do anything , " say the mother . " he 's arrive , and you have better try to control you rudeness . " 9 . neatly , if inconspicuously dress , with a small grip in he hand , clyde approach the gate of the griffith factory . the watchman take he for Gilbert , open the gate for he , and greet he : " good day , Mr. Gilbert . " " Excuse I , my name be clyde . but I should like to see Mr. Gilbert , " clyde answer with a embarrassed smile . he pass through the gate . " well , what do you want ? " the secretary ask , without lift she head . " my name be clyde griffith . I have a letter with I from my uncle . " and the secretary , lift she head , do not know how to act , so surprised be she at the extraordinary likeness of clyde and Gilbert , whom she quickly ring on the telephone . have hear the answer , she say : " you may enter , " and lead he to a door , with the sign : Mr. Gilbert griffith . and have enter , clyde see himself as he like to imagine himself . it be Gilbert -- he cousin . both lose poise at the resemblance . 10 . telephone bell ring -- machine be work -- the collar run along endless band -- man and woman be busy with different kind of work -- smoke come out of the factory chimney -- the typewriter click in the griffith factory . 11 . the discomfort of Gilbert show itself in a icy coldness , the discomfort of clyde show itself in a nervousness and hesitation in speech . the gulf between they have grow wider with the advance of the conversation . in Gilbert 's office , the conversation continue . Gilbert : " Father tell I you have have no practical experience . you do not know accounting ? " clyde : " I be sorry to say I do not . " Gilbert : " you do not take down shorthand , or something like that ? " clyde : " no , sir , I do not . " Gilbert : " in that case it will perhaps be best for you to start work in the shrink room ; that be the department in which the first stage of the business take place . by this mean you will be able to learn we trade from the very beginning . " Gilbert press a button , and in answer to it a well - dress young woman with a scowl on she face enter . Gilbert : " and so , good - bye , clyde . Mrs. Bradley will tell you all you want to know , and tomorrow you must be at work by 7 a.m . " and without shaking hand , Gilbert bow officially to clyde . 12 . clyde come out of the factory gate and walk in leisurely fashion along the street . 13. and all at once he find himself before a impose mansion , with bronze deer in the garden and marble lion over the entrance gate . it attract he admiration . " can you tell I please -- whose house be this ? " he ask of a passer - by . " you do not know ? why that 's the home of Samuel griffith , one of we lead citizen . " " thank you , " answer clyde and , though render puny by the contrast , yield himself to the luxury of reflect on he connection , however humble , with this gorgeous family . the mansion slowly fade in the darkness . 14 . and in the darkness the factory loom roar , and the steam machinery hiss , and out of the cloud of steam appear work a perspire , wet , miserable - look clyde . he seem unable to get the hang of he work . the material boil in the kettle keep fall off he tong , and spraying he chest with boil water ; he be despair , lose , and helplessly look around he . the foreman come to he help . he emphasize the name " Mr. griffith , " sit by he and start to explain and show he how to handle he work . around clyde be work experience man , they movement be calm and sure . and , after see they , we realise how little suite clyde be to this work , how unhandy he be in character , how difficult he find it to be in this low-built , stuffy room , among red - hot kettle , cloud of steam and the roar of the machine . and when the factory whistle blow , clyde sigh deeply with relief . 15 . weary and exhaust he come into he room and sit down on the bed . the furnishings of he room express everything that be dingy and horrible in a boardinghouse existence . no more comfortable , in reality , than that of he room in the mission , they differ only in be more oppressive . a knock at the door , he landlady enter , ask he if there be anything he want . she accent he name " griffith " in snobbery . " there 's a letter for you , Mr. griffith , " she add , and hand it to he . the letter be a invitation . dear nephew , ever since you arrival , my husband have be away or busy . now , he be less occupy and we should be very glad to see you if you could come to dine tomorrow , Sunday . we will be quite alone , no guest . and there will be no need to dress . you aunt , Elizabeth griffith . 16 . once more clyde stand before the gate with the marble lion and the garden with the bronze deer . but now he feel as though possess of the magic key . he brushes he hair back , flick a speck of dust off he carefully press dark suit , fix he tie and ring . a may open the door and lead he to the draw room . the room -- fill with different kind of furniture , bronze , candelabra , little statuette , flower , cover in carpet , with beautiful drapery -- amaze clyde . he look about he , and hear the swish of a silk skirt . the swish approach . come down the wide staircase can be see a pair of foot , and the swish of the silk dress increase . Mrs. griffith be come down the stair , a thin , fade , sweet - tempere woman . " so you be my nephew , " she say , come up to clyde . " yes , " answer clyde . " I be very happy to meet you -- welcome , " Mrs. griffith greet he in formal manner . " how do you like we city ? we be very proud of we street . " -- begin Mrs. griffith to the embarrassed youth . she be interrupt by the arrival of griffith himself , who take clyde in with a penetrate look , and say : " well , it 's good you come . it mean you get fix up . everything be do for you without I ? " " yes , sir , " answer clyde . " well , that 's perfect . I be glad . sit down , sit down . " the rattle of foot fast descend the staircase , and Gilbert , in evening dress with a coat on , plunge into the hall . he speak to he parent , ignore clyde except for a nod . " well , I be go out now , mother , " he say in a even voice . " be you sure you have to go ? you know sondra finchley be come back with Bella and she want to see you . " " no , I have to go . " he give a quick side look at clyde as if to tell he mother : you know why I be dining out tonight , peck she forehead and hastily go out . the signal neither escape clyde nor increase he self - confidence . dinner be announce , and clyde walk with he aunt and uncle through several large room , all satin and mahogany , each stiffer than the last . dinner be not a success . conversation flag , and clyde be painfully uncertain in the various social grace such as bestowal of the napkin and correct selection of the fork . as unobtrusively as possible he endeavour to wait for the example of he relative , but he be conscious that they be conscious he be wait . dessert have be reach when there be the sound of a car draw up at the door , of the door be open and a burst of laughter and bark come into the room . gaily into the dining room come three girl , and pause in the doorway . they still wear they wrap , one of they be Bella , and one , in the centre , hold two wolfhound on a leash . the newcomer have check at the sight of the stranger , but Mr. and Mrs. griffith rise and welcome they . Mrs. griffith explain to the centre figure -- sondra finchley -- that Gilbert be not in , he have to go out , at which news sondra make a movement of annoyance . never have so gorgeous a be previously appear before clyde . her white dress , the orchid on she shoulder , the strain wolfhound make she appear as a be from another world . he of course have rise too , and hover , partly expectant that he would be introduce . but most certainly not . perhaps not consciously , but certainly inwardly relieved at escape for a moment from the need to entertain he , uncle and aunt have forget he existence . he be supremely conscious of he ostracism , of the gulf that yet separate he from such incomparable denizen of paradise , as he gaze at this girl , like a firework burst in the darkness , like a saint glow upon a altar . and she figure be cover in mist , grow thicker every moment , and whirling upwards in its movement . she be hide in white cloud , and this cloud expand . 17 . and now they be the cloudy bundle of hot steam come out of the factory kettle , and in this steam clyde be work , perspiration run down he , and frighten by the noise of the machine . Samuel griffith , surround by he manager and secretary , be come down the factory stair into the cellar . he make a wry face , as he see how one of the workmen , bent over the can , be stir small piece of material in the boil water . the workman have little strength leave , he face be burnt mercilessly as well as he hand , he groan from he effort and he pain . when the workman turn away from the can , and turn to Samuel griffith , he recognise the workman -- clyde . wet with perspiration , in a tear shirt , he chest bare , with hand swollen and red from the steam -- the nephew stand before the uncle . the uncle turn he head and see Gilbert , who look so like clyde , but crimp and elegant . 18. embarrass and not know how to act , the uncle go upstairs . enter the director 's office , he turn to Gilbert and say to he : " we must transfer clyde to another department . after all he be a relative of ours and we can not keep he there . Heaven know what people will be say about we . " Gilbert be abut to disagree . the uncle add : " besides , he look so much like you . " Gilbert no longer dissent , and take he hat and coat , Samuel leave the office . 19 . in the outer office the telephone ring . the secretary listen with the receiver , and say : " I understand . from the cellar department , workman 70 be to be transfer to you ? I understand . yes , Mr. Gilbert . " 20 . the foreman approach clyde and tell he to go to the director 's office . clyde take off he wooden shoe , he leather jacket : over he tear shirt he put on he coat , and then go up the stair . 21. he enter Gilbert 's office . Gilbert , more kindly than before , tell clyde that he have give permission to have he transfer to another department , as he feel he have gain enough experience in the cellar . " instead of fifteen dollar weekly -- you will now receive twenty - five dollar . my father , you uncle , wish it to be so . " clyde mop the perspiration off he forehead , and he face brighten . Gilbert , as distant as ever : " we have decide to give you a trial as manager of the stamp department . the work be easy and do not require any technical knowledge . but you must show quality of character . there be twenty - five girl work in that department and you be responsible for its moral tone . we rule absolutely forbid any relationship outside the factory with any female employee and we expect you to set a especially high example by you conduct owe to the fact that you be related to we . now you have get you chance , do not allow yourself to be disturb by work in the presence of so many girl . " at the very first word pronounce by Gilbert , he office disappear from the screen , and in its place we see girl stamp collar . slowly they all drop they work , and they head become turn in one direction . and as Gilbert 's word be hear , on the screen we see more and more of they , and the stronger grow they coquettishness , and the more concentrate they gaze -- and as the gaze of twenty - five pair of eye flirtatiously centre on one spot , we hear Gilbert 's voice -- " you must not get acquainted with this girl , and must never meet they after work hour . have you understand all I have tell you ? do you promise to do as you have be tell ? " and at that moment all the girl turn . " yes , sir , " answer clyde 's voice , and on the screen we see he figure , elegantly dress and severe . in a pose of expectation clyde stand face to face with twenty - five young girl . " how do you do ? " the chorus of young girl greet he . " how do you do , " answer clyde . reel 5 1. springtime . on the ledge of the factory window coo pigeon , through the pane a river be sparkling in the sun , and within the factory be the noise of loom and the hiss of steam machinery . 2. five and twenty girl of differ character , of differ type , be work behind long table stamp mountain of snow - white collar . one of the young girl throw open a window -- startle , the pigeon fly away flap they wing , and the mechanical noise of the loom have become softer as its sound lose itself through the open window in the spring - clad garden and field . 3. as a breath of sweet fresh spring air enter the room the girl breathe in deeply its freshness and sigh with relief ... they be all young , all in they own way be charming and pretty ... and the eye of all of they be constantly focuss in one direction . thither , where stand the head of the department . the twenty - year- old clyde griffith . 4 . he be dress in a well - cut suit with a smart modern tie . he be handsome , and that be why the girl ' eye be so often direct towards he . but clyde try not to look at the young girl . he remember Gilbert 's warning and with all he strength try to be indifferent and unapproachable . but the sweet spring breeze be come through the open window and fill the room . the pigeon return to the window ledge , joyously the loom work on , and because of the spring warmth the girl open up the collar of they blouse and turn up they sleeve , but clyde try to remain cold and severe . 5 . notice the light - heartedness of he worker he go to the window and shut it in order to emphasize he severity . his movement be clumsy and cramped for he feel upon himself the gaze of five and twenty pair of youthful eye . 6. one of the girl , roberta , while watch clyde , make a mistake , stamp the number on the wrong side of the collar . she nervously approach clyde with the spoil article in she hand and tell he of she error . clyde try to be serious and reserve . he dare not look into the young girl 's face -- he give she instruction with face avert -- but when the girl 's naked arm come forward in pass he the collar he cannot help but lift he head and meet the shy admire look of roberta . 7 . the factory whistle blow . the joyous crowd of girl come out of the factory gate , run up and down the stair . some of the girl be be meet by they sweetheart , but clyde , look out of the window , notice that roberta move down the street unaccompany , alone . 8. over the factory chimney in the evening mist a full moon rise . alone , clyde stroll along the boulevard . 9 . alone , roberta sit on the river bank . 10 . at the entrance to a cheap dance hall clyde stop , hesitate and think to enter , but at that moment the foreman of the shrink room greet he : " good evening , Mr. griffith . " the foreman go on he way but he respectful " Mr. griffith " still linger in clyde 's mind , and it bring before he the image of the wealthy house of he uncle with its bronze deer in the garden , and its marble lion on the gate .... and accordingly he do not enter the cheap dance hall , but , turn around , move off . 11 . roberta be in she room .... she turn off the light and look out of the window at the smile spring moon . 12 . and clyde be sit at he window sill and likewise look at the same moon as it gently hover over the chimney of the factory . 13. and again the machine beat . once again five and twenty young girl be busy stamp collar ... again the girlish eye embarrass clyde . it be hot in the building . from the heat and the sweat and the thickness of the air , everyone be fill with languor and weariness , languor be in the heat of the machine , languor fill the eye that grow more amorous and clyde with great difficulty hold himself in hand ; and when suddenly he gaze meet that of roberta he do not lower he eye but smile , in a sudden unexpected smile . and to he smile answer a smile of roberta . 14 . and the machine beat on . and in they work the girl ' hand flit to and for , and on the bench float mountain of snow - white collar , and more and more often clyde 's eye meet roberta 's . they meet in that moment when the other girl be not look . they steal second from the quick tempo of factory work and , accompany by the dull roar of the machine , the monotonous beat of the stamp , the hissing of the steam , they gaze speak a dumb language miming the sympathy reciprocate . 15 . the heat of the sun grow stronger . it be hot in the building .... the girl languidly speak of young clyde and build fantastic tale around he and he wealthy relative , tale of he imagine luxurious life , the while roberta listen , look with pride and affection at he handsome figure , and flash a happy smile at he at a convenient moment . 16 . and on the white ceiling , and on the whitewash wall of the factory the sunlight play in bright pool reflect from the river . this pool of light leap and dance to the sound of the machine in quick rhythm and fantastic composition , and then slowly the noise of the machine die and in the water we see the calm surface of a lake on which be reflect clyde as he come row in a skiff . 17 . and on this body of water the same exquisite ray of light dance they way . also on clyde 's face , and on the side of he little boat , just as they do on the wall and ceiling of the factory . 18. boat pass by with couple in they , with sing , with the strumm of a banjo , or guitar , and through this atmosphere of love clyde drift along alone and lonely . his boat drift slowly along through the tangle of water lily , quite near the shore . and on the shore , at the very brink of the water , stand a young girl ; she hat be off and she be admire flower . 19 . clyde stop row and watch she . and when the boat come abreast of she she lift she head and clyde see she smile face . " miss alden ! be that really you ? " " why , yes . it 's I , " smilingly answer roberta , but she be startle and seem a little afraid . " be you spend the day here ? " ask clyde . and notice that she be watch the water he add : " would you like some of this flower ? " " oh , yes , " answer the girl and look surprised . the dark hair of clyde be wind - blow , he wear a sport vest short -sleeve and open at the neck , and one of the oar be lift high above the water . all this make the girl inwardly tremble , and in order to cover she confusion she give he a charming smile . 20 . she look out onto the lake and see a boat pass by in which be sit a youth like clyde and a girl like herself .... and all over this lake similar boat drift by and in each one of they be just such identical couple . " oh , please take a seat in the boat , " she hear clyde invite she . " why yes , only I have a friend with I here and besides it might be better for I not to , it may not be quite safe . " " oh , but of course , it 's safer to sit on dry land , " laughingly clyde answer she . 21. Boat after boat ... couple after couple ... song after song float down the water past they . and , suddenly anxious , roberta cry out : " Grace , Grace . where be you ? " from the wood in the background a voice be hear answer : " hallo . what 's the matter ? " " come here , I want to tell you something . " " no , you would better come here . there be marvellous anemone over here . " " you know what we will do ? we will row down to where she be . what do you think of that ? " ask clyde . " why yes , certainly , " answer roberta , and suddenly bashful , in concern , once more ask he : " you be sure it 's safe ? " " quite safe . " 22. roberta jump into the boat and clyde help she so that she shall not fall . " do you know , I have just be think of you .... I have be think how nice it would be if we be row together on this lake . " " be that true , Mr. griffith ? " roberta want to know . and clyde , shyly reach forward , stroke she hair . " do not ! " roberta say , frighten , and become more reserve and colder towards he . 23. and , together with a crowd of other boat , they boat drift along among rush under the shade of thick - leave bough into nook by the shore . 24 . and along the water 's edge be hear youthful song the chord of guitar .... and the sun begin to set . evidently roberta feel cold for she have come to sit next to clyde .... evidently he have not notice how they boat have become tangle in the rush and that they be now leave alone .... and , as in the hotel , on the long bench of wait bellboy , clyde be fill with trepidation , so now once more he be fill with trepidation , from the fullness of he youth , from the presence of the young girl by he side , from the secluded nook ... and he kiss she . she tear herself away from he , frighten , say : " Mr. griffith . " but clyde , make happy by he dare , excited by he conquest , smile as he smile that day when he earn he first money , and hear that grand music , that majestic -- swell -- hymn in the hotel . and the echo of that music rise in the tune of a dance hall distant on the other side of the lake . 25 . and pay no attention to she exclamation , to she fright ... at the sound of that conquer march he turn he boat to the shore where roberta 's friend be wait . 26 . forgetting all , forget where he be and what he be ... he wander through the wood and across the field , through street and alley , walk to the tempo of the ever swell march .... 27 . and when he have shut the door of he room , he speak quietly but exaltedly : " to live ! to live ! how good that be . " reel 6 1. no longer do the river glisten behind the factory window . the long factory window be close -- to shut out the cold , whistling wind .... 2. silently the girl go about , stamp they endless train of collar . silently , with concentration , clyde be work in he little office . no longer do roberta 's eye and he meet in affectionate understanding -- they be like stranger -- at least as such they conduct themselves . 3. the factory whistle .... from out the gate , the hand make they way .... in the jostling crowd , clyde and roberta come face to face with each other , but they do not wish to acknowledge each other 's presence . they look past each other . and they separate , each go he and she separate way .... clyde to the right .... roberta to the leave .... 4 the gate of the factory close .... and its light be turn out .... 5 . the tower bell play in the evening air and the street lamp light up one after the other .... and when one of this lamp go on -- it throw its light on the shiver figure of clyde . he lower he hat over he eye , and walk into the mist . he be wait -- back and forth by the railing he walk , wrapping himself tighter in he coat to save himself from the severe gust of cold wind . 6. into the light of the lamp roberta enter . she carefully look around she . 7 . clyde call she by a tender intimate little name . 8. he give a peck of greeting on she cheek . not because he be indifferent but because he be still shy and respectful . he kiss she once more and whisper to she . when , across the pavement , the figure of some passer - by go past , they stop they love- make and press against the dark corner , remain motionless until the figure have disappear . " it 's get very cold , " clyde say . " I do not know what we be go to do . be not there some place where we could sit down ? " " could not we go to a movie or a cafe ? " ask roberta . clyde shake he head and answer : " they might see we . " 9 . another passer - by . once again they stand still in they dark corner . 10 . when the step of the stranger die away , a new gust of wind make roberta and clyde shiver from the could and he say : " what do you think ? could not we go to you room for a little while ? " " no , no , no , that would not be right . " shake she head and frighten , roberta answer he . clyde take out he watch and light a match -- 11.30 . " no , no , we might be see , " continue roberta . but clyde be excited and resolve . he link he arm through hers and together they go down the street towards she home . 11 . roberta beg he not to come near she house but clyde be insistent and stubbornly lead she towards it . " I can not see why we should not go in out of the cold . " " no , you ought not to come in , clyde . it may be all right in you set , but I know what 's right and what 's wrong , and I do not want it . " clyde 's face sombre and roberta look at he , scared at she own firmness . the tense minute- long pause be break by the hysterical bark of a little dog . clyde : " if you do not want to let I come in and sit down a few minute .... " roberta : " oh , it be not that , but I can not . I would like to but I can not . you know it 's not right , " and she put she hand on he shoulder . clyde shrug he shoulder , turn away and say " well , all right , let it be so , if that 's how you want it , " and he make a movement with he shoulder throw off she hand . " do not go away . I love you so clyde . I would do anything for you I could , " and she embrace he . " yes , yes , " roughly answer clyde , and tear himself from she embrace he go off into the darkness . and at that moment someone kick the little dog and it give out a long painful wail . 13. roberta , bewilder at he departure , cry out loudly to he in despair : " clyde , clyde ! " 14 . but he do not turn back . 15 . fill with despair the girl , not know what to do , remain stand stock -still in the same place . clyde have not stop . quietly the door of the house open and a woman look out inquisitively while she hand push the wail dog away . 16 . further and further away , fainter and fainter , clyde 's footstep be hear disappear . 17 . " do not leave I , " roberta cry out to he in a voice full of tear . then she run after he . but after run a few step she stop and , frighten , look around she . the footstep be no longer to be hear , nor the dog 's wail . roberta feel weak , she sit dawn , sobbing , upon the ground . one by one the street lamp fade and she sobbing grow weaker . 18. rain lash the factory window -- the loom beat harshly and unpleasantly -- heavily hiss the steam machinery -- and even and anxious in the hand of the girl be the sound of the stamp as it fall . 19 . pale , roberta be work nervously and uncertainly . motionless , clyde sit over he papers . it be no longer cosy in the stamp department . it be bare and empty .... not many hand remain .... Little merchandise .... empty table .... empty shelf .... and that be the reason why the sound of the machine be so unpleasantly grate . 20 . rain fall behind the window . 21. roberta try by every mean to catch clyde 's attention , but she herself do not look at he . there be a increase nervousness in she movement and a increase number of mistake in she work . she be nearer and nearer to complete despair , and suddenly she see -- clyde be smile to the other girl . clyde be flirt with she neighbour . her head be spin . the roar of the machine fill she ear . the beat of the motor be as fast as the beat of she heart . she be unable to hold out . she run off to the girl ' rest room , where , on a little piece of paper tear from off the table , she write a note : come . and they go to she home . 22. as they come in together , she switch on the light and it flood the dingy parlour that be she apartment . " oh , this be nice , " say clyde . " I never think it would be so cosy . " she take off she coat . " we will have a fire in a minute , " she say and kneel to adjust the coal before set light to it . he kneel on the mat to help she . they be close together . so close they elbow touch . she half turn . he let he head drop on she shoulder and raise he hand to stroke she hair . put she arm round he neck , she press she lip to he head and then speak : " dear .... " 23. and when in they embrace the two young body come into contact and the hand grope for one another in a sudden new desire , that majestic music that clyde hear in the happiest moment of he life burst forth once again . and when they stop they kiss for a moment , behold , the ceiling of she little room have open to the heaven and so have the wall . Marches of victory . hymn of happiness be rending the air asunder . and they no longer know where they be because fantastically beautiful but absolutely incomprehensible thing crowd in upon they , and they laugh a young and infectious happy laugh . and while the fantastical composition with the underline of music change from one to another , she voice , in a anxious whisper , be hear to say : " but never , never ! if anything should happen ... you will not leave I ? " and clyde likewise in a whisper , answer she : " never -- I will never leave you . " 24 . and again they be stand face each other at the door of she little room ; now they be say goodbye , and once again clyde repeat : " I will never , never leave you . " kiss she before he leave , he go out into the street . 25 . but still roberta 's face hold trace of anxiety as , through the window , she watch he disappear figure . 26 . and for the first time clyde walk off like " a real man . " his head be proudly hold up and he hand thrust deep into the pocket of he coat . 27 . he pass by a big luxurious automobile . " hallo ! be you walk ? " he hear a voice . " if you like I can give you a lift . " sondra finchley be say this word , look out of the window of the automobile . clyde turn away . sondra , astonished , say , " oh , excuse I . I think it be Gilbert . " " I beg you pardon , it be I , " he answer , take off he hat . " there 's no need for excuse , I be very glad to see you . please get in and let I take you wherever you be go . " he would like to leave and take a few step backwards , but sondra , desire to cover the mistake she have make , insist : " but do come , Mr. griffith . " embarrass he go to the car and sit beside she . 28. at that moment the chauffeur return with a package and she ask clyde where she can take he . 29 . the car make its way quickly along the road . " I do not realise that you be mistake I for my cousin , " clyde say in he embarrassment . " do not speak about that any more . tell I rather why do you never go any place ? " " I be work in the factory and have very little time , " answer clyde . sondra 's conversation , flirtatious and flippant , end in she promise clyde to get he a invitation to a dance that be to be attend by the very best society of the town . the beauty , charm , dress and manner of the rich girl overwhelm clyde with admiration and he cannot take he eye off she all the ride long . and sondra , look at he , notice he charm and good look . they smile at each other , but at that moment the car come to a stop at the corner of he street . 30 . the chauffeur open the door of the car and clyde step out . " till soon , " answer sondra in reply to he thanks . 31 . and the car disappear behind the bend . 32 . clyde remain stand still on the empty street and listen to the ever fainter noise of the car . " Mr. griffith , " he hear once again the name as she pronounce it . " griffith " , repeat clyde to himself , stand there freeze between embarrassment and a new pride . reel 7 1. hand be fasten the lace of patent leather shoe -- then the same hand lift higher , dusting a almost invisible speck off the crease of the trousers -- then higher still , as they button a black dinner vest . at last they give a final twist to the black bow tie , and in all the glory of he new tuxedo , draw to full height , we see the figure of proud clyde , polished , smarten and finish by roberta . now she be give a final comb to he hair . as she lay down the comb she say : " if I can not keep you all to myself , if I must share you with the griffith , I will make you as beautiful as I can . " she help he on with he coat and white silk muffler , hand he he brand - new silk hat , and escort he to the door . as she hug he in a kiss : " you will think of I tonight , will not you dear ? " she say . he be go . 2. the first snow of the year be fall , and clyde , to protect he new suit , open he umbrella . he pause beneath a lamp , take a card from he vest pocket and reread the text : the now and then Club will hold its first Winter dinner dance at the Home of Douglas trumbull 135 wykeagy Avenue on Thursday , November 4 . you be cordially invite will you kindly reply to miss Jill trumbull . it be to this address he be go , not to the griffith . turn it over , clyde reread a note write on its blank side : dear Mr. griffith : think you might like to come . it will be quite informal . and I be sure you will like it . if so , will you let Jill trumbull know ? sondra finchley . have read the note , clyde tuck it away carefully in the pocket of he vest and resume he way . past the amaze inhabitant of the poor quarter , clyde walk beneath he umbrella , fill with pride and self - satisfaction . 3. handsome-looking car stand before the entrance to Jill trumbull 's home . a group of chauffeur , chat among themselves , make room for clyde to pass through . he ring at the front door . behind it can be hear happy laughter and conversation . the door be open . the servant take he hat , coat and umbrella from he and , once inside , clyde find himself face to face with Jill trumbull . " I know you . you be Mr. griffith . I be Jill trumbull . " -- and on this they shake hand . " miss finchley have not arrive yet , but I will do my best as hostess until she come . " 4 . she lead clyde through several room , introduce he to various girl on she way . " this be Mr. clyde griffith , a cousin of Gilbert griffith , you know . " the girl , who be speak to attendant swain or otherwise engross , nod and smile politely with a -- " how do you do " -- " so pleased to meet you , " and turn back to they companion , completely uninterested . 5 . finally , guide by Jill , clyde arrive at a big fireplace at the end of the room where stand , resplendent in white waistcoat and tail , a group of unoccupy male . here , with another muttere introduction or two , a little laugh and a " excuse I " she leave he to return to she welcome of other newcomer . clyde stand on the rug in front of the fireplace . beside he on the rug stand the male , tall , wide - chest and stiff , they hand behind they back and they foot separate . they survey he dully , while he endeavour to control he nervousness . 6. into another room , adjoin at some distance by wide - open door , sondra enter in a dazzle white dress . her entry cause a stir , sondra be always a centre of movement . " be griffith here yet ? " she ask eagerly . through the intersect door clyde can be see on he rug . he shift about nervously , the stiff society young man be reminiscent of the maze of society dummy in the glass window case between which , earlier , he drift . sondra call Jill and she friend to she . " he 's presentable , be not he ? " she say . " he 's better-look than Gilbert . we must take he around a bit . Gilbert will be furious . oh , what a lark ! " a rustle of silk and satin , gay approval and the group start laugh forward . 7 . clyde look up . across the room he see sondra advance , more beautiful and resplendent than ever . he feel a thrill at she approach . sondra greet he and surround he with a bevy of girl , who have cross the room in she train . he be at once the centre of the whole group . all be eager to cultivate clyde , the idea of spite someone else through he appeal to they . " we shall have the first and the eighth dance , " say sondra with authority . " and I want you to dance with Jill , Betty , Clara .... " name several of that around . 8. the strain of the first foxtrot be hear come from the ballroom and sondra lead he to the floor for the first dance . the orchestra play rapidly ; embrace sondra , adoringly but gingerly , as if he hold something too precious to be real , clyde allow himself to be sweep into the dance among the crowd couple . rapt by the rhythm , he be beginning to stammer he appreciation to sondra , when she gently disengage herself and he be sweep up , first by one of the girl whom she lead to greet he -- then by another -- -- from one to the other he be sweep , dance with each a bare moment . snatch of they conversation reach we . his partner pretend a roguishness . one : " you be better - look than Gilbert . " another : " I see you go into the confectioner 's on Central yesterday . be you get something for you girl ? " ( this one alarm he . ) and another : " sondra think you be handsome . " ( clyde thrill . ) " she tell we she mean to see a lot of you . " 9 and once again sondra be with he . the jazz continue . 10 . the jazz diminish and die . in the factory rest room . a gust of giggle . roberta be take down she coat from a peg . the other girl , also prepare to leave , be laugh and gossipe . " no wonder Mr. griffith look tired . I will bet they stay up late at that party . Dancing night after night . " roberta start , and , conceal she interest , ask a question : " do not you never read the papers ? why that young society people all go to two dance last night , on from one to the other . and they have Mr. clyde 's name down , " be the answer . roberta , the gossip turn aside , glance at a note crumpled in she hand : dear , I have to dine with my uncle again tonight . you understand , do not you . her fist grip round it . she bite she lip , she face be white . and the music of the dance begin to rise again . 11 . clyde be still with sondra . the grow band music rise abruptly to sound ever faster and more gay , now fortissimo . to the fortissimo of the band , he whirl into a poem of the day that follow . a poem of dance , laughter , joy . a poem of loving glance , smile , hint caress . a poem of sondra 's gorgeous wardrobe . today she be clad in black silk , tomorrow in fluffy white , or again in glitter silver . and always clyde be dance with she . or they sit on a couch , or they stand in a glass winter garden , or they dance together in a light ballroom or in a intimate club . and as they poem of love progress , its rhythm become ever happier , with the happier tempo of the music and the increase brightness of the light . 12 . in he top hat , in he muffler , in company with a wealthy youth and girl , clyde be pass , in a luxurious car , through the street of the town . with a wave of laughter the car stop under a street lamp at a corner , and , excited , dishevel , clyde jump out . another burst of laughter and the car disappear . 13. clyde turn the corner and see a light in roberta 's room . 14 . sigh wearily , roberta drop onto the bed . 15 . clyde , stand on the porch , start to push the outer door , it open . 16 . quietly clyde enter roberta 's room . she turn a tear - stain face to he . " clyde , where have you be ? we have not be alone together for week . what have happen ? " clyde feel uncomfortable , so make a show of irritation . " I tell you , I have have to go to see my uncle . you know what it mean to I . you know I can not possibly refuse . " suddenly , unexpectedly , she jump up , grab a bundle of newspaper and turn towards he . " you be lie to I , clyde . " with difficulty keep back she sob , she show clyde the chronicle of he social life . one , two , three ball , more -- and in each among that present appear he name . scare lest they wake the family of the proprietor , they quarrel in whisper . whisper of passion , but now not of passionate love . " you be with miss finchley , " say the girl , and this drive clyde to lose he head . he run up to roberta , take hold of she shoulder and bring she face nearer to he , look straight into she eye . and , see he face , he dear face , so close to she own , roberta involuntarily forget he neglect , and the old joy and tenderness for he appear in she expression . and as the familiar charm reawaken , clyde , instead of strike she or scolding she as he have intend , kiss roberta . and when she throw back she head it seem to he as though he be be hold in the arm of sondra . his finger clench in she hair , with new strength and new passion he kiss roberta . 17 . from the street we see the light go out behind roberta 's window . nearby , from some source unknown , the laughter of a little child be hear in childish glee . fade out 18. fade in once more the noise of the loom in the factory , the hiss of the steam machine , and the sound of the stamp mark the collar . it be dark outside and the electric light be searing . it outline sharply unusual shadow on the face of that work . roberta at she worktable be pale , sad and anxious . she watch clyde , strive to catch he eye . but clyde will not look at she . roberta take a tear slip of paper and write upon it a note : clyde , I absolutely , absolutely must see you today . please come to see I after work or meet I somewhere . it be essential . roberta . take a basket of collar she pass by he desk and , unseen by the other , throw he she note . as clyde finish read the note he see roberta 's face , nervous and full of anxiety . with a slight nod of the head he agree to meet she . he glance at a memorandum pad on he table , inscribe : 10th January , dinner at the griffith , and once again nod to roberta . 19 . slowly the noise of the machine die and the jigging melody of a old - fashioned dance fill the air . 20 . clyde and sondra be dance one of that old - fashioned , rapid jig-time dance in which everyone have to take part together , and which consist of circle and pair . a Christmas tree and christmassy decoration be in evidence . to the sound of handclaps beat with the music , clyde -- now in tail -- and sondra advance , jigging , towards the centre of the room , and circle hand on hip and back to back in one of the figure of the dance . by the wall a group of old lady , make - up , powder , overdress , scrutinise clyde and criticise he manners and success in society . they say that the griffith have start receive he only because it become impossible for they not to do so when he be receive by everyone else . they smile at the griffith ' discomfiture be vinegar . to the merry , frantic child 's tune , clyde and sondra whirl round in the frenzied close figure of the dance . 21. the music stop with a burst of laughter . clyde and sondra run out into the hall and throw on they wrap and coat . 22. outside the snow be pour down and be slushy underfoot . Cars move away from the entrance . 23. sondra and clyde be in a car together . sondra be drive . the car pull up outside she house . she look at he through half - close lid and propose : " why do not you come in , clyde . I will fix you up a cup of hot chocolate before you go home . do you like chocolate ? " " oh , yes , " say clyde . 24 . the kitchen amaze clyde by its luxury , its cleanliness , the glitter of its copper dish and the large norman-style fireplace with bright log burn in it . and clyde say , spontaneously and sincerely : " what a marvellous kitchen ! " " do you think so ? be not all kitchen the same ? " sondra ask as she busy herself with the chocolate . she also look around the wall of the kitchen and bring she gaze to a stop before the close dresser . have think for a moment she go to the dresser and open wide its little door . a arsenal of crystal and silver service . tumbler and goblet that amaze clyde by they number and glitter . and sondra pick out the handsomest tumbler for chocolate , pour the chocolate out of a jug into the tumbler , she sit down beside clyde , near the fireplace , and say : " be not it cosy here ? " " it 's very lovely with you here , sondra , " say clyde . " I be pleased you be satisfied , " sondra answer smile tenderly , and each notice the good look of the other and both keep silent , not know what to say or what to do . " you have be very anxious to tell I something , " sondra ask in a very low voice . " I would like to tell you a lot , but you forbid I to . " " I know what you would like to tell I . " both get off the bench and he take she hand in both of he . clyde look at she as a faithful believer would look at a holy relic and under this gaze she lower she eye and clyde , who have never do so before , put he arm about she and kiss she . at the moment of this kiss the silver seem to glitter dazzlingly on the open dresser -- the burn log crash throw up spark like firework , and for a few second sondra allow herself to be embrace . then she gently push he away without any anger and smilingly say : " now you must leave , do you hear ? " " be you angry ? " ask clyde . smiling , she shake she head : " it be very late . " and clyde make a gesture with the hand , as do a sportsman answer the ovation of a many - thousand crowd . 25 . the handsome crystal tumbler stand on the table fill with the untouched chocolate . 26 . with a firm tread , hum the melody of that " hymn of happiness " , that same melody which pass as a theme motif through all he happy day , clyde walk down the street , already deep in snow , smile to passer - by . the snow be whirling down and pour , a frenzied whirling blizzard . 27 . he carefully enter the porch of roberta 's home and knock at the door . the door be immediately open and roberta , still dress in she day - dress , let he into she room . 28. her face be so very sad and frighten that it make clyde scrutinise she closely . " do you remember , clyde , you say that if ever a misfortune happen to I ... you would help I ? " " a misfortune ? " ask clyde , and he see how roberta sit down on the bed lift she hand to the waist of she dress . and again from some unknown source be hear the mock joyous laughter of a child . reel 8 1. a druggist 's sign . the show window of a drug store . in it , among the array of medicine and bottle , the cardboard cutout of nurse ' figure and happy feed child ; this be a advertisement for milk , that for purgative or candy . hanging over the glass of the drug store door , a bright illustrate sign of a naked little boy and he sympathetic father . look through the window be a nurse and she little charge , the child laugh , they attention catch by a gaily - coloured advertisement . and at the entrance to the drug store stand clyde , uncertain and embarrassed . he look through the glass , try to inspect the clerk behind the counter , and he see -- 2. -- a woman stand behind the counter , a saleslady . 3. clyde grit he tooth , look around he , and cross the road , stop at another drug store . look inside , he see a man . tremble with anxiety , he enter , and at the same time through the radio loudspeaker be hear a song sung by child in a treble . through the window we be able to see clyde approach the counter , take off he hat , and , embarrassed , ask something of the druggist . and as clyde 's embarrassment increase , so do the volume of the child 's voice increase in the song over the radio . the druggist have listen to clyde , shake he head , and clyde come out onto the street . and at that moment , as clyde open the door of the drug store , the radio child finish sing , and be hear laugh over something in sheer exuberance . 4 . with quick step , clyde cross past some little knot of child play on the street . he stop at yet another drug store , and look in through the window . 5 . a grey-haire , bewhisker man be sit there read the newspaper . next to the drug store be a phonograph shop . in its show window be cutout of child and dog listen to a record . and , within the shop , a record be be play of a child 's recitation , touch and yet at the same time slightly comical . turn away from the window , clyde enter the drug store and -- while the child 's voice from the radio shop continue declaim how it love its father and its mother , the sunshine and the forest , clyde once again take off he hat , bend over the counter , and he repeat he question to the elderly man . and we see the greyhaire man grow angry , wave he hand about and raise he voice at clyde ; what he say we can not hear through the glass of the window , but we do see clyde grow confuse , excuse himself and come out onto the street again . 6. with quick step clyde make he way through the noisy , busy street . the light be now light . gleam of light appear from the building , as lamp be turn on , illuminate the various sign , advertisement and illustration in the shop . in the background be a enormous advertisement for milk , the huge , laugh head of a child . clyde stop before it , think where to go . he look around he -- on the roof of a tall building a child 's jelly be be advertise . 7 . as though feel pursue by all this advertisement and sign , clyde retreat into a dark alley . he still walk slowly , not know where he should turn . he have to stop at the corner of the street to let a heavy truck pass by , and as the truck pass , he notice that he be face a obscure little drug store . something , perhaps a man-of - the-world air in the bear of the druggist , inspire he with confidence . a expression of resolution come into he face , and he enter .... 8. a ambulance with its red cross and long whining siren dash through the little street . the whine of the siren die away . clyde come out of the drug store ; as soon as he have pass from the view of the druggist he thrust a small packet that he be hold deep into he coat pocket . he look happier and he walk be firmer . he go back through the street he have pass , he hand firmly grip the package inside he pocket . it be late . the light fade , and in the grow darkness the laugh poster of the child be no longer visible . 9 . clyde go into roberta 's room . she be so frighten and worried over what have befallen she that she no longer pay any attention to she look . she be untidy , dress in a provincial - look dress gown and she movement be bewilder and absent-mind . clyde open up the package , and take out a bottle from it . roberta snatch it from he hand , lift it to the light , and read the instruction on it . " we must hope that it will all plan itself out , " clyde say . they arrange that the follow day , on he way to the factory , he will pass roberta 's house , and if everything work out well , she will raise the blind , if not , the blind will only be draw halfway . he kiss she , but he tender word be only mumble . " oh , clyde , clyde ! " roberta cry , as she be leave alone . 10 . a clyde who now appear much relieved enter he own room , to find wait for he on he table several small package from a smart shop . he read a accompany note from sondra , she good wish and greeting . this parcel she have send he in token of they friendship , and in they he find the smartest tie , and dainty handkerchief to be wear in the pocket . 11 . roberta be lie on the couch in she room . her cheek have fall in -- the pupil of she eye have grow immensely large -- she face be as white as linen -- there be deep blue circle under she eye and the lip be parched . suffer terrible pain , roberta lie there on the couch . 12 . the blind of roberta 's room be draw only halfway . 13. and clyde stand look at they on the other side of the street in horror and consternation . 14 . the blind be draw only halfway . 15 . clyde go down the street and stop at a man 's goods store . he stand for a few second before the door , obviously nerve himself for a terrific effort , and suddenly go in . 16 . he pleasantly greet the salesman , clearly a old acquaintance . absent-mindedly pick out a tie , he let drop , as though a matter of little importance -- " by the way -- I want to ask you about something . perhaps you could tell I . one of the workmen at the factory , a young fellow recently marry , be very much worried over the condition of he wife . " the salesman 's face have grow annoyed ; clyde go on , he nervousness , which he still endeavour to conceal , increase : " I do not know why they always come to I about such thing -- they seem to think I be very experience -- " but clyde 's laugh ring false . the salesman continue to smile with that smile that clearly cover annoyance , and he give a even great attention to clyde , who add : " I be new in this city , I do not know anyone , and so I can not help he . but you have be here a long time , so I think you might be able to put I in a position to advise he . " the salesman look around he , then come nearer to clyde and say : " of course , I will be glad to help you , Mr. griffith . continue , what be the matter ? " and they start to whisper in very low voice , too low for the word to be distinguishable . clyde be see take out a notebook , and write down a address . then he sigh with relief . " I will tell the man not to mention anyone 's name , " clyde say as he thanks the salesman and exit from the shop . Left alone , the salesman open he eye wide and whistle . he be in possession of a fine piece of gossip and he know it . 17 . stealthily , to avoid remark , clyde once more enter the house of roberta . a lamp be turn on in she room . from outside the window , we hear roberta 's voice speak : " no , clyde , I will not go alone . I be too afraid . I should not be able to explain anything to he . I should not know what to do , nor how to begin or anything . you must go with I and we will tell he everything together -- or I will not go at all . no matter what happen . " " hush ! hush ! " clyde be hear to say , and then the word grow indistinguishable . and indistinctly , maybe from one of the top floor , be hear the feeble cry of a sick child . the child moan pitifully . and against the light of the room lamp of roberta , clyde 's silhouette be see as he pull down the blind , and it grow dark all round . 18. roberta be half lie on the bed . clyde sit opposite she on the couch . pale , thin , roberta stare at the light of the lamp , and say slowly : " I will let you go . " but , have say this , she be unable longer to restrain herself and large tear trickle down she want face . in the painful pause that follow we hear that someone be walk down the corridor , shuffle in bedroom slipper . Doors creak and we hear that a attempt be be make to soothe the child . roberta turn off the light . a pause . in the darkness , they continue they conversation . she must not be a drag on he , roberta say , she be ready to face it and afterwards she will try to make she way alone in the world . not quite alone , say clyde , he will earn more money and be able to help she . no , say roberta , she know it will be alone and she be ready . but what if the doctor be unwilling ?... again they hear the wail of the sick child , a monotonous , low wail and sit silent , stare unsee . 19 . and they still stare unsee , but now they travel in a streetcar , and they stare be at the blank unreflect window , behind which lie the town in darkness . " do you find out where the streetcar stop -- we will not have to walk far ? " ask roberta . " it 's quite near . a quarter of a mile , not more , " answer clyde . a atmosphere of misery surround they as they sit in the streetcar . that cold and cut - off feel of be the only passenger in a streetcar pass through dark and isolate street . the hoarse clanging of the streetcar bell . " be he old or young -- do you know ? " ask roberta . clyde shake he head . " it would be easier for I if he be old . " they be silent again . again the coldness and the enervate clanging of the bell . " oh , " moan roberta , " if only the doctor be willing . " the streetcar pass into the darkness . 20 . roberta be seat in the depth of a huge armchair in the doctor 's room . through the half - open door of he consulting room the doctor and he family can be see finish a copious dinner . roberta be nervous . now the doctor be wash he hand in a adjoin room . roberta close she eye . the old doctor be in the room . he be absent- minded " what be you complaint , how can I help you ? " he ask . roberta open she eye . she make as if to answer , then , abash , drop she head . " calm yourself , child , " say the old doctor and , pass the table , he come and sit down beside she . " you name ? Mrs ... ? " she answer : " Howard . " " wife of mister ...? " 21. clyde , nervously walk up and down the pavement , before the doctor 's railing . he stop , bite he lip , rub he hand and nervously look up at the house . 22. the doctor stand in the centre of the room , and say to the confuse roberta : " to start with , my conscience will not permit I to comply with you request . secondly , such a operation be dangerous from a medical point of view , without even take into consideration that I should be break we State law as well as ethical law .... " with a effort roberta stand erect , she press she hand together in anguish . " you do not understand ! you do not understand ! " roberta say , try to keep she tear back . " I tell you a untruth , I have no husband ; it must be do , it must be do ! " 23. clyde feel as though he have be lash by a whip ; he slip behind some shrub with panicky , quick movement , as he see a automobile pass by . 24 . the doctor 's door slowly open , and roberta , break by he refusal , come out . mechanically she go out into the street and go past the shrub behind which clyde be conceal . he watch she , and from the way she be walk , and the expression of she face , he realise what have happen . but he dare not leave he hide place , because of the car pass down the street , and the pedestrian on the pavement . 25 . roberta , as though hypnotise , go further and further down the street , unseeingly , have forget about clyde . 26 . when the street empty , clyde run after she and join she at a desert spot . at he question , roberta only shake she head , and wipe the tear from she eye . completely bewilder and helpless , they both stand there . " you can leave I after , but now -- you have to help I -- you have to -- " and she start to cry again . clyde do not answer , and merely drop he head . roberta be wring she hand , she shake she head and continue pitifully : " oh , do not you see , I can not be alone with a child on my hand , and no husband ! " 27 . and around they , a new spring . over the factory chimney appear a soft , full May moon . 28. they reach roberta 's house . " you say yourself you do not know anything else we can do and every extra day be dangerous for I . there 's nothing leave for it , you must marry I -- right away . " cowardly , and in he anxiety really sorry for she , clyde nod he head in confirmation of she word . in agony of realisation he close he eye . his eye close , stand alone in another place , on another street , clyde nod he head . reel 9 1. in a ravine , near the road , a miserable , half - fall - in , poor farmer 's house . a old woman be wash the laundry by the porch of this house ; behind the open window roberta finish a hat she have be make . she try it on , and talk to the old woman : " what would you say , mother , if I suddenly get marry ? " continue with she wash , the woman laugh at roberta 's question , and shake she head . " oh , now I understand why you need a new dress . who be he ? " " I can not name he -- yet , mother . but I think it will be soon . " " oh ! " say the mother , surprised and pleased . 2. and at this moment a old , break - down cart to which a thin , bony horse be harness , come up to the house . " good day , Father , " say roberta . " hello , Bobby , " answer a tall thin man , he tired wear face smile up at he daughter . the mother leave she wash and go across the dirty yard towards she husband . and roberta , rest a piece of paper on the window sill , start a letter . 3. but when she begin to think , the happiness fade from she face , there be sorrow in she eye and for a long while she look through the window , she hand hold up she head . misery , dirt and poverty be to be see through the window . the letter : darling clyde -- it be hard for I to leave alone -- as you know . but I be try to calm myself , and now that we have decide everything , and you will come for I -- -- be write on the sheet of paper . along the dirty glass of the window , buzzing , crawl fly try to escape into freedom . but everything here be lovely -- green tree , everything be bloom . and again roberta look with sorrowful eye through the window of the poverty stricken house . among the darkness and the dirt of the yard one thin flowering plant be bloom . several weak little tree be visible behind the fence . I can hear the buzzing of bee in the garden under my window . roberta whisper to herself what she have write . 4 . " Bobby , you be want at the telephone , " she hear she mother 's voice from the street . she run out of the house , cross the road , run into the entrance of a post office . excite , gasp or breath , she ask over the telephone : " clyde , be it you ? oh , it 's terrible , terrible , clyde . I can not stand it any longer . " -- and , after hearing he answer , make in a voice of excuse , she continue the conversation : " oh , do not be angry . clyde , do not be angry . I do not know how to control myself . but whatever happen , you must , you must do what we plan , clyde . I will write you a long letter , because it help I when I write to you . clyde !... clyde !... " she hear no answer through the phone , call he several time , call out he name , then , disappointed at the unfinish conversation , hang up the receiver and close she eye , because the tear be roll down she cheek . 5 . slowly clyde hang up the receiver , and exit from the telephone booth onto the verandah of the restaurant of a summer resort . he be in white tennis kit , a flower in he buttonhole , well - comb and handsome . " hurry , hurry , clyde , " sondra cry out from a sport model stand in the road by the restaurant . clyde 's dark expression be replace by one of pleasure , and on the run he jump into the centre of the car , into a group of young girl , merry and bright . 6. roberta return , enter the door of the decaye farm . 7 . as the car drive , it drive into a new dream with sondra , this time a dream of the joy of sport and the bright outdoors . swim , dance , diving , racing , shoot , golf , tennis all be blend into a pictorial symphony that match with a symphony of music , laughter and the natural sound . and each be instinct with sondra , and the personality of sondra , and contribute to she grow charm for clyde . each scene , also , occasion some opportunity for intimacy . now , on a tennis court , 15 - love , 30 - love , 40 - love ring out , the syllable of " love " accentuate . now he be plead with she , on the crest of the wave , as they swim side by side , to run away with he , now immediately and , though she refuse , the coquetry of she refusal chase the gloom from he eye . ever the composition of the symphony rise , increase they intimacy , and at last , as final movement , they be once more in a car , and we see flash past a white roadster , in the front seat clyde and sondra . 8. in the back seat be a group of laugh young people . the car stop at a crossroad , and sondra ask clyde to find out the road from someone . 9 . clyde go down into the ravine , to a miserable , dilapidate house ; on the post in front of it he see the proprietor 's name write in print capital titus alden on a small board . clyde be scared , hesitates and be about to flee , but roberta 's father come up to he and ask he how he can be of help . " how can we get to twelfth Lake ? " clyde ask hurriedly , impatient to retreat . and the sickly old man start a long , slow , detailed explanation . and clyde , barely hearing he , see the pitiful ruin of the old house , and then , averting he head from it , he see at the crossroad the dazzle car , and the laugh sondra . 10 . without wait to hear the end from alden , he run back to the car , white and with compress lip . he be anxious , and he hand tremble as he point the way , and sondra surprised at he alarm quickly start up the car . 11 . the car , with a roaring of its powerful engine , fly past the house . the father stamp heavily in . roberta look up from she letter and ask casually : " Father , who be it ? " " I do not know , Bobby . some rich no - account who lose they road . " the sound of the engine fade as the car recede ever farther away . fade out 12 . clyde throw open the door of he room . he be still white , still worried , still distress . he go up to the table and see on it a letter , in roberta 's handwrite . annoy and without pleasure he open the envelope , and turn immediately to the last line : we must get marry . I insist on it . I have the right to . you have allow all this time to pass in silence and unless I hear from you before noon Friday all you friend shall know how you have treat I . but I will not wait and suffer one hour more . daze , he stare at the letter , then let he head drop forward onto it , he eye close . then he raise he head again . his hand pull the letter towards he . and as it move it disclose a newspaper that lay beneath it . immediately in front of he be the paragraph : accidental double tragedy at lake pass upturned canoe and floating hat reveal probable loss of two live . he read it at first mechanically , without comprehend . the girl 's body have be find but remain unidentified . the second victim have not yet be recover . Fifteen year ago in this spot a similar accident occur , but the body of the man be never find . 13. clyde finish read the article , throw the paper off the table , turn out the lamp , and sit wearily down on the couch . and suddenly he hear a whisper : " and what if roberta and you -- " and in the dark corner , he imagine he see a overset boat . jumping up , clyde turn on the light . he sit down on the couch again , nervous and shiver , he pick up the paper he have throw away and reread the article . and while he be reread it with wide - open eye , the whisper from afar gradually creep up till it form the word : " kill " . in a strange , gradual way the phrase speak by the whisper form and form until at last it pronounce and repeat the whole word : " kill ! kill ! " and from this moment the action begin to work along the line of the thought of a distract man , leaping from one fact to another , suddenly stop -- depart from sane logic , distorting the real union between thing and sound ; all on the background of the insistent and infinite repetition of scrap of the description in the newspaper . in this scene , in which the idea of murder be bear to clyde , he act separately from the background , which keep change after he , either dash in a mad tempo when the background be slow , then fall when there be no reason to fall , then unsteady on a rock , then transformed into stone - like motionlessness in the midst of a busy street . with the aid of the technical use of transparency this effect of a inharmony between the action of clyde and he surroundings can be attain . around he be first he room , then a street in busy movement , or the lake , or the mean dwelling of roberta , or the summer residence of sondra at twelfth Lake , or the machine in the factory , or run train , or the stormy sea , in each set of which he move , he movement be discordant with the scene . and the same with the sound . this be likewise distort , and a whisper become the whistle of a storm , and the storm cry out " kill " , or the whistle of the storm become the movement of the street , the wheel of a streetcar , the cry of a crowd , the horn of motorcar , and all beat out the word : " kill ! kill ! " and the street noise become the roar of the factory machine , and the machine also roar out " kill ! kill ! " or the roar of the machine descend to a low whisper and it whisper again : " kill ! kill ! " and at this moment a pleasant , unemotional voice slowly read the newspaper article : Fifteen year ago a similar accident occur , but the body of the man be never find . 14 . and at the climax of this symphony of madness clyde jump out of he nightmare , perspire , dishevel , excited . he run to a telephone booth and call up roberta . through the phone he speak to she in a hoarse voice . " this be clyde . " he try to put tenderness into he voice but in he effort there be too much affection . his voice , through the phone , sound loving and soft ; it seem unbelievable that a man in he state of frenzy could be so kind . " I will come to you , roberta darling . you must wait for I two day . the 3rd of July I will meet you at 15th Station at eleven o'clock , and we will go row on the lake , and we will get marry , we will get marry . " and with tremble hand clyde hang up the receiver , and he lean against the wall , so as not to fall , while roberta 's sorrowful face light up in trust and happiness . reel 10 1. on a small railway station , away from the crowd of people , roberta be sit on she trunk . 2. clyde be see come along a side street lead to the station . he be walk slowly , carefully , make himself inconspicuous behind the truck of baggage , pause behind large basket -- he see roberta and , conceal , watch she . 3. roberta be pale and thin . she look pathetic , and be dress in a new , homemade costume . her hat be also new . clyde 's face express both shame and dislike . nevertheless , he take a few step forward , so that she may catch sight of he . roberta see he . a happy look come into she face and she go to the ticket office to buy she ticket . and as she leave the office -- clyde approach it , and busy he own ticket . she watch he , notice he light - grey suit , he new straw hat , the highly polished shoe , he grip and he portable camera . and a feel of pride flood she at the sight of he . she smile , and turn she head away from he , pretend to be a stranger , as though she do not know he . clyde start , because it seem to he that a old man in a wear suit , with a bird cage wrap up in paper , be look at he with suspicion , not take he eye off he . clyde 's knee be weak , and he hand be tremble . while wait for the train he pace up and down the platform , start nervously at every engine whistle . 4 . with a great roar the train pull in . roberta get off she trunk , lift it . in she present condition it be heavy for she . besides , the day be very hot . clyde see this , but , turn away , he enter the first carriage . roberta get into the last carriage . 5 . clyde place he grip on the rack , hide its initial c.g. 6. roberta , smile happily , sit down by the window , in the sunlight . 7 . the piston on the engine wheel start to shadowbox in the shadow of the engine on the platform as the train start to move . it leave the station . 8. the wheel of the train beat out they usual rhythm , and to roberta they sing joyfully . she liken it to the rhythm of the wedding march . she smile up at the sun , the field , the rivulet that fly past . 9 . clyde be sit in a dark corner of the compartment . he be quite near the engine , and its roar , its hiss and the chime of its bell fill he with dread -- they sound appear dark and sinister to he -- and in they rhythm he can only hear the awful word " kill -- kill -- " 10 . the rhythm of the wedding march , the joyous beat , struggle with the rhythm of death . " kill -- kill -- " beat the engine to clyde . full of hope be the rhythm to roberta . the conflict rise , the tension grow faster , faster -- until , suddenly -- 11 . a long and pierce whistle of the engine . the rhythm cease and the train stop at a station . clyde get out of the first carriage . roberta get out of the last one . by different path they leave the station , and meet in a desert alley , where there be no passer - by . 12 . clyde smile , and the artificial , difficult smile make he face look like a mask . roberta be radiant , and trustingly she approach he . " we could get marry here . there 's a mission down the street . what do you think ? " ask roberta . and clyde listen to she , and in listen he hear the voice of the preacher at the mission . the cadence intone be as the singsong of the mission of he youth , and as he listen it change to the sing of a hymn , and the thin voice of bystander take it up as in he youth , and this fill he at once with a great shame and disgust and the desire to move further away . " no , let 's wait till Sharon , after we have be to the lake , " he answer . and roberta be so happy she do not think of oppose he , nor do he conduct seem peculiar to she , and she follow he . 13 a large bus be travel along a wood road , it slow down at the turn and enter second gear as it go up the hill . 14 . roberta and clyde be sit side by side in the bus . roberta be bright with joy and , even in she simple costume , look like a bride on she way to the altar . clyde 's face be also smile , but he knee tremble and he be unable to calm himself . the bus conductor approach with the ticket . clyde purchase two , exactly count he money . 15 . the bus plunge into a deep forest . its wheel cross the quick -run stream , its noise frighten the young rabbit and chipmunk as they run across the road , its horn echoe loud in the forest . 16 . the bus conductor ask he : " first time here ? " but clyde , in he nervousness , be unable to answer . " yes , we be here for the first time , " roberta answer for he . " go to the lake at Big bittern ? " ask the conductor . and suddenly clyde break into the conductor 's question , apparently for no reason at all . " tell I , be there many people there today ? " and , have ask this strange question , clyde , embarrassed , do not hear the conductor 's answer to it . 17 the surface of Big bittern . pool of the inky black surface of the silent water . the dark reflection of the pine . boat tremble on the motionless surface of the water . they gunwale against a rude landing stage at the foot of step rise to the small hotel . the beautiful panorama of the lake . 18. stand by the landing stage be clyde and roberta . they have just descend from the bus . " how pretty -- how beautiful it be ! " exclaim roberta . suddenly the hotel proprietor appear from behind the bus . sprung into view as if by magic , he busily praise the weather , greet he guest . clyde notice that there be few people about and none to be see upon the lake . too late , he notice that the proprietor , praise he kitchen , have take he grip from he and that roberta be follow the proprietor into the hotel . he make a movement as if to get the grip back , but think better of it , and with a strange , hypnotise step , follow they . 19 . open , the white page of the hotel register stare threateningly at he . clyde grow paler ; set himself , he sign a fictitious name -- Carl Golden -- keep he initial ( c.g. ) and add and wife . roberta , note this , feel a pang of joy that she hide before that in the hotel . " it 's very hot . I will leave my hat and jacket here -- we will be come back early , " say roberta and she leave both on a hanger in the hall . 20 . lose he head and ignore this incident , clyde take he grip from the surprised proprietor and go towards the boat stand . as he place the grip in a boat , he explain to the man : " we have we lunch in it . " too preoccupy to note a remark by the boatman , he help roberta in and , take hold of the oar , pull off from the shore . 21. thick pine forest line the shore , and behind they be to be see the top of the hill . the water of the lake be calm and dark . " what peace , what tranquillity " -- say roberta . rowing , then stop , clyde listen to this silence , look about he . there be no one around . 22. as the boat glide into the darkness of the lake , so clyde glide into the darkness of he thought . two voice struggle with he -- one : " kill -- kill ! " the echo of he dark resolve , the frantic cry of all he hope of sondra and society ; the other : " do not -- do not kill ! " the expression of he weakness and he fear , of he sadness for roberta and he shame before she . in the scene that follow , this voice ripple in the wave that lap from the oar against the boat ; they whisper in the beat of he heart ; they comment , underscore , upon the memory and alarum that pass through he mind ; each ever struggle with the other for mastery , first one dominate , then weaken before the onset of its rival . they murmur as he pause on he oar to ask : " do you speak to anyone in the hotel ? " " no . why do you ask ? " " nothing . I think maybe you might have meet someone . " 23. the voice shudder as roberta smile and shake she head in answer , playfully let she hand fall into the water . " it be not cold , " she say . clyde stop row and also feel the water . but he hand spring back as though it have receive a electric shock . 24 . as he photograph she , they preoccupy he . while they picnic , or pick water lily , they possess he . as he jump ashore a moment to put down he grip , they rise and torment he . 25 . " kill -- kill , " and roberta , happy , freshen by she faith in he , be radiant with the joy of live . " do not kill -- do not kill , " and as the boat drift almost soundlessly by the dark pine and clyde 's face be rack by the struggle within he , there rise the long - draw - out booming cry of a water bird . 26 . " kill -- kill " triumph and there pass through he mind the memory of he mother . " baby -- baby " come he childhood and as " do not kill -- do not kill " rise he hear " baby boy -- baby boy " in the so different voice of sondra , and at the image of sondra and the think of all that surround she " kill -- kill " grow harder and insistent , and with the think of roberta importunate it grow still harsh and shriller , and then the face of roberta now , aglow with faith in he and she great relief , and the sight of the hair he have so love to caress and " do not -- do not kill " grow and tenderly supplant the other and now be calm and firm and final . ending the conflict . sondra be lose forever . never , never now will he have the courage to kill roberta . 27 . and we see clyde as he sit in blank despair and the misery of renunciation . he raise he face from he hand . a oar drag in the water . in he leave hand he hold the camera . and clyde 's face be so wild with misery and so stricken by the struggle that have pass behind it that roberta crawl anxiously towards he and take he hand in hers . 28. clyde open he eye suddenly and see near he she anxious , tender face . with a involuntary movement of revulsion he pull back he hand and jump up quickly . as he do so the camera , quite accidentally , strike she in the face . roberta 's lip be cut ; she cry out and fall back in the stern of the boat . " I be sorry , roberta , I do not mean to , " and he make a natural movement towards she . roberta be afraid . she try to get up , lose she balance , and the boat overset . 29 . once more ring out the long -drawn booming cry of the bird . the overset boat float slowly on the surface of the water . roberta 's head appear above the surface . clyde come up . his face show terrible fright , he make a movement to help roberta . roberta , terrify by he face , give a pierce cry and , splash frantically , disappear under the water . clyde be about to dive down after she , but he stop , and hesitates . 30 . and a third time the long -drawn booming cry of the faraway bird . on the mirror-like calmness of the water float a straw hat . the wilderness of forest , the motionless hill . Dark water barely lap against the shore . 31 . a noise of water be hear and clyde be see swim to the shore . reaching it , he first lie down upon the earth , then slowly sit up , forget to lift one foot out of the water . gradually he begin to shiver , the shiver increase , he pale and make a familiar gesture , that gesture that he make when frighten or suffer . he shrink into himself and hide he head in he shoulder . he notice the foot in the water and lift it out . he begin to think , and with that , stop tremble . and the voice of he think : " well , roberta be go -- as you desire -- and you do not kill she -- a accident -- liberty -- life -- " and then very low , tenderly , as if whisper into he ear , the voice say : " sondra . " and clyde close he eye . and in the darkness : " sondra . " her laughter and she tender voice . " sondra . " 32 . clyde be feverishly clothing himself in the dry suit from he grip . into the grip he pack the soak suit , and then , get up from he knee , he stretch to he full height , stand in the ray of the set sun . 33. the sun hide behind the hill , behind the forest . the reflection vanish from the lake , and all become darker and darker . 34 . through the increase dread of the darkle forest , clyde be make he way , he grip in he hand . he start , alarmed by every noise , he be frighten by the cry of the night bird , he fear the moonlight penetrate between the thick branch of the tree , he fear he own shadow and the shadow of the fantastic forest . he desire to see the time on he watch in the moonlight , but , when the lid be open , water fall from it and he find out that it have stop . he plunge ever deeper into the thicken darkness of the forest , when , as he stumble from behind a massive tree trunk , he come suddenly upon three distort gigantic obscure figure of man . yet more suddenly a lantern flash out upon he . in its beam he face show the extremity of terror , fix with the horror of the damned . a boy 's voice call cheerily : " hello , " but , without give himself time to realise the lack of menace in it , he plunge frantically into the brushwood . the light be extinguish , but not before its movement have give we a fleeting glimpse of peaceful creel and fishing rod . while the trample of clyde 's foot , the crack of twig , hurriedly grow ever distant and more distant , as he vanish in the blackness of the night . slow fade out reel 11 1. the prow of motorboat . the prow of motorboat fill the screen as they dash past throw up cloud of spray . Bright sunlight -- glitter water -- happy song -- the sound of banjo and harmonica -- laughter , shouting and the sound of the engine of motorboat . a small fleet of motorboat , with bunt gaily fly , cut through the water . the boat leave behind they a foam track . in the boat be young people ; in bathing costume , sing , laugh , play . 2. on the deck of one of the boat sondra be lie . clyde , in white , sit by she side . sondra 's attitude be the incarnation of serene , carefree happiness . clyde be gloomy ; weigh down by terrible oppression , he be try to appear normal , but he thought be elsewhere . sondra sit up . for a moment she force herself to be serious . she say gently : " you have not be yourself , clyde . all yesterday and today . " then she bend forward and whisper : " I know why you be worried . you be embarrassed about money . please do not tell I about it . just take this . I have get it ready specially for you . " and she press into he hand a small fold roll of dollar bill . clyde categorically shake he head in refusal , but sondra stop he by kissing he , and , profiting by the moment , slip the money into he pocket . with a effort , clyde be try to take the opportunity to shake off he depression . they be engross in each other . 3. a young man playfully rock the motorboat from side to side , and water pour in over the gunwale . neither sondra nor clyde notice the water . a shrill girl 's voice scream out in mock fright : " you crazy fellow , do you want to drow we ? " this sudden scream startles clyde off he balance . he pale and try to keep he eye away from everyone . a young man call from another boat : " by the way , have anyone read yesterday 's papers ? " clyde become tense , he raise himself on one elbow . the two boat run parallel . the young man read out loud from the paper . his read fluctuate , as the relative level of the boat fluctuate . " two person row on the south side of Big bittern be drown yesterday . the body of the girl have be recover , but up to a late hour last night the body of the man have not be find . someone ask : " anyone we know ? " clyde 's head be spin , the sound around he grow chaotic and only the throb of the engine accompany the throbbing of he heart . he let himself fall back on a cushion by sondra 's side . " what have happen to my boy ? why be he so pale ? " sondra ask of he , as she stroke he hair . 4 . the two boat be join by other that try to outrace they . happy shout of excitement , and all aboard concentrate on the effort of the race . the first boat cut into the sandy shore , and everyone on board topple one into the other . noisily , with exaggerated complaint , they get into the shallow water and clamber ashore . Boat after boat land on the island . 5 . it be evening -- and on the sandy shore a camp have be build . tents have sprung up -- great fire have be light -- and the whole young crowd be merry and sentimental . the camp make one think of Indians and the flare of the fire be reflect in the night water . clyde and sondra be sit together on the shore . they be kissing each other and have forget all else in they own happiness . they be part of a group round a immense fire . the night be warm and this , combine with the warmth of the fire , have enable the party to keep on they bathing suit . at one end of the group a chorus of gay voice be sing a harmonious song , and the song re-echoe faraway along the lake and in the surround forest . and as on the occasion of they first intimacy , during the talk in sondra 's kitchen -- the burn log splutter , and numerous spark fly up into the air towards the star . the gloam , the flitter firelight , the nearness of sondra , combine to lull clyde into a sense of peace . the echoe of a new song float across the lake and off into the wood . sondra and clyde kiss again . keeping she head near to he , sondra whisper .... at last she have come to a decision : " I have make up my mind , dear . come what may , we shall run away , we will run away together . " 6. they stand up . of a sudden , all he fear be reawaken . realisation of what the morrow may bring flood back in full force . he stand cold , perplex . sondra lean on he shoulder , she arm in he , they walk over to the outside of she tent . " darling , say sondra , and they embrace . stand at the door of she tent , a long embrace , clasped in each other 's arm and mouth on mouth . clyde feel it be the last time he will ever kiss she . sondra detach herself and stoops into the tent . clyde stand still for a fraction of a moment , then turn and stumble frantically away , out of the firelight , into the further circle of the wood . his strength leave he , and he lower himself on the ground , rest rigid where he sit . 7 . Dawn . his back against a tree , in the selfsame position , sit clyde , sleep . he stir stiffly , he eye open . a few pace away , he back also against a tree , lean a tall bony man with enormous whisker and a large feel hat . his chin be rest on he chest . as clyde stir , the large man speak . his voice be slow and calm : " you name be clyde griffith , I suppose . " and as he speak he hold a enormous revolver gently dangle . clyde , rouse , look desperately about he , at the path , at the lake , at the revolver and , after a moment 's reflection , say : " yes , that 's my name . " the man raise the revolver and shoot in the air . clyde be still . the man be listen . faraway come the sound of a answer shot . 8. two young man , bathing in the water at this early hour , pause . one say : " hey , listen to the guy shoot game out of season . " 9 . " Fine , Mr. griffith . Excuse the revolver . my name be kraut -- deputy sheriff of cataraqui , " say the tall man . he put the revolver back in its holster and add : " I have a order to arrest you . " clyde , inwardly sick , do he best to assume a surprised and disinterested expression : " I do not understand , " he say . 10 . a boat touch the shore not far below where they be stand . a man jump out of it . a thick - set man who know what he be about . other follow he . 11 . clyde go on : " but of course , if you have a order to arrest I . I will follow you , but I -- I do not understand . " the thick - set , energetic man have approach , he seize on clyde 's remark : " you do not , eh ? and you do not know anything about a drown on Big bittern , do you , or miss roberta alden of biltz ? " " no no , " clyde answer nervously , terrify at the question . " my name be orville mason . I represent the law , " say the thick - set man , aggressively . in a barely audible voice , clyde reply : " you be suspect I of murder . I be not there .... " " and you never meet three people , Thursday night , come from Big bittern , go towards the harbour three mile away ? " say mason . " no , sir , I be not there . " the attorney take one of roberta 's letter from he pocket , flourish it in the air and wave it before clyde . " and you do not know anything about it , eh ? and this letter eh ? found in you trunk , among you belonging , in you room -- you do not deny it 's a letter from miss alden , eh ! " with a tremendous effort and outward calm , clyde reply : " yes , I know miss alden , I do not deny that . but I have nothing to do with the drown at Big bittern , I be not there . " at this , mason , irritate beyond measure , exclaim : " oh , very well then , you have decide not to talk , have you . " and to kraut : " take he away . " kraut take out a pair of handcuffs . " no , you do not need that . I will follow you , " say clyde hastily . 12 . kraut take a step down the path towards the camp . clyde make as if to follow he , but at the second step he pause , roote . mason look at clyde , then at the camp and size up the situation : " oho , so that 's how the wind blow , be it ? too thin -skin to be show up before he lady and gentleman friend . well , there 's nothing for it but to see if any of they know more about it than he do . take he to the camp . " kraut put he hand on clyde 's shoulder . clyde struggle and say , " no , no , you do not need to take I down there . " " bring he along , boy , " say mason . kraut grip clyde . mason approach and thrust he face towards clyde : " well then , suppose you answer some of my question -- come clean and quick , and at once , or down there you go ! " clyde wilt and , he lip tremble , nervously admit : " it be a accident , that 's all . I do not kill she . I do not turn the boat over . " mason put he hand on he hip and exclaim : " ah , now we be get somewhere , " and attack he with a new question . 13. a sheriff 's officer amid a group of young people in the camp . the young people be in various stage of early morning undress , some in sweater after bathing , a girl in pyjamas with hair uncomb , and so forth . steam rise from cooking utensil . the officer be explain that they have come for Mr. griffith . 14 . sondra peep out of she tent and overhear . she come nearer . 15 . the officer explain that the case be as clear as daylight , there 's absolutely no doubt about it . they have letter from the dead girl , and letter from another girl too , which give they the hint to follow he to the camp . 16 . sondra 's eye be open , she be freeze in horror . 17 . just beside the camp , not far from where they stand , mason , and kraut with he hand on clyde 's arm , be get into a boat . 18. sondra scream : " it 's not true -- it could not be -- oh , clyde -- " and , turn white , she faint . 19 . the cry reach clyde , where he sit in the boat between two officer , opposite mason . at the sound of it , he shut he eye and lower he head . 20 . there be a bustle of movement in the camp . a young man beside the unconscious sondra say : " well , that put the lid on we party . " 21. the boat with mason and clyde be small in the distance , speed across the lake . within it mason be still attack clyde with question . clyde be still stubborn . 22. the camp be be dismantle . tent peg be uproote , tent be come down . 23. a private apartment in the hand of the police . in a distant corner of the kitchen , which have be transformed into a temporary morgue , the presence of the body of roberta under a obscure linen sheet can be rather guess than distinguished . two doctor in black stand nearby it , have complete they postmortem . titus alden , the father of roberta , stand , in set and savage grief , against the wall . other be in the room . one doctor say to another : " the wound on she face be not of sufficient depth to be fatal . " then the first doctor turn to titus : " be you daughter marry , Mr. alden ? " " no , doctor , she be not -- why do you ask ? ... " and from the expression of the doctor everyone realise that she be about to become a mother . 24 . at this moment heavy footstep sound in the corridor , the door open and in come clyde , follow by the sheriff 's officer and mason , who go over to the table . a gasp . all that who be within the room : roberta 's father , the assistant , the doctor , the secretary turn and glare at clyde . a murmur . titus alden rush forward and raise he arm to strike clyde , he be restrain . " murderer ! " he cry out . mason be examine the evidence like a wolf upon a scent . at the sound , he half - turn , still intent upon he examination and call to the officer : " take he out of here . " the door shut behind clyde and he escort . 25 . titus alden step into the centre of the room towards mason and speak in a low voice , desperately . at first mason have he back turn to he , but as soon as he have hear a sentence he turn and listen with mark attention . the old man : " I want you , Mr. mason , to punish the scoundrel . I want to see he suffer as my poor child be make to suffer . he kill she . I have no money to help prove it . but I will work . I will sell my farm . " mason have rise and now stand majestically before the father ; speak to he but in reality address the crowd behind he , he pronounce : " go home , Mr. alden . I promise you , as the representative of the law in this country , that no time or money or energy on my part will be spare to bring this crime home to the murderer and to see that he reap he just reward . and you will not need to sell you farm , either . " a member of the crowd call enthusiastically : " you be right , Mr. Attorney . you be the kind of judge we all need . " and several person approach mason and shake he hand , say : " you must have great authority , Mr mason . we shall do all in we power to see you get it . " slap he on the back and encourage by mason 's smile , the people leave the room . 26 . mason be leave with he assistant and detective . they go to a cupboard and bring out milk and sandwich , talk among themselves as they do so . a assistant say to mason : " this case will be the make of you Mr. mason . you will walk away with the fall election for judge . " " you must not speak like that , Fred , " say mason . " we must not mix up politics with thing like this , but of course fate can be very convenient . " he wipe he mouth and put down the milk glass . " to work , " he say and go out of the room . 27 . only one of the detective now remain in the room . he be a thin man with a lugubrious countenance . he approach roberta , pull a corner of the sheet off she face and admire she beauty . he pass he hand over she hair , look long at it , and something like a tear seem to glisten in he eye . with one finger he play with a curl , then , he sever it with a knife and tuck it away reverently into he pocketbook . as he leave the room , he turn out the light . reel 12 1. Gilbert lift he head from the newspaper , curl he lip in a sneer and say : " I say so -- I say so . " 2. in the factory , the girl who work with clyde be read another newspaper , and in this paper be a portrait of clyde , and , in headline , the news of he arrest . 3. on the tennis court , friend of clyde 's be read a third newspaper , and in this one too there be a portrait of he , and the detail of he arrest . 4 . Gilbert , have read another article on the same subject , hand the paper to he mother . she glance at clyde 's portrait in it and hand it to she husband . he let the paper fall onto he knee and , turn to Mr. smillie , the advise attorney to he firm , say : " what can you do about it ? " smillie , a little old man , quiet with quick movement . next to he be katchuman , important look , in a frock suit , with a dull face , and brilliantine hair . the family conference of the griffith be take place in the hall of they luxurious home . pile of newspaper be heape about the place , on chair and on carpet , and on the first page of each be clyde 's portrait , the family name griffith and the dreadful word arrest . Samuel griffith speak , with he usual slight self - importance : " if he be innocent , he shall have every possible aid in prove himself so , but if he be guilty I have no wish to aid he in any way . " smillie talk : " as far as I have be able to find out , it will be very difficult to prove he innocence . all the circumstance be against he . " katchuman rise importantly and , with the expression of genius make a fundamental contribution to human knowledge , make a proposition : " there be one certain way of extricate he from this case . we must prove he insane -- " " you mean mad ? " ask the frighten Mrs. griffith look at Gilbert . katchuman answer : " yes , mad , if you like . " " no , I will never allow that . there have never be any madness in we family , and we do not desire that there should be ! " say Mr. griffith . katchuman helplessly gesture with he hand , as he sit down on he chair . a awkward pause . then smillie make a suggestion . he point out that the prosecute attorney be run for office in the next election and be sure to endeavour to use the case to advance he political career . if strong political opponent of he can be obtain , they can be relied on to spare no effort to discover the truth . and he know two such man . they be belknap and jephson . " and how much will that cost , " ask Gilbert ironically . and from the haughty , ironical face of Gilbert -- 5 . -- we turn to the bewilder , harass face of clyde -- a replica in feature but so different in expression -- with bar across it , in the prison . he sit in he cell and , as he sit , in some degree expose by the light of the window , a stream of curious visitor pass , stare from the great shadow of the corridor . different people look at he with different eye . some with pity , other sadly , other smile at he , other again ask he about he health , want to know he age , to know about he parent . some ask he what psalm he sing in the evening , do he go to church , do he think of God . all , all be selfish . Three girl titter and ask : " be there another girl in it ? " a psychologist tap the bar to make he jump and note the reaction in a notebook . this constant stare and question annoy clyde . he nervously and ungraciously give he answer , turn away from the pity look , and hide he head in he hand . by the opposite wall stand two man . they watch the visitor , listen to they question and , dissatisfied with clyde 's behaviour , shake they head .... they be belknap and jephson . presently the corridor grow desert , but the man do not come out of they hide place . clyde , see that he be alone , throw himself onto he bunk , and be shake with sob . now one of the man approach he cell , look at he , gesture to the guard to open the cell up for he . the man throw away he finish cigarette , and , take off he hat , enter the cell . he sit down on the edge of the bunk , and slapping clyde on the back , say kindly : " come , come now -- " clyde turn he surprised and tear-stain face to he . the man speak : " hello , clyde , my name be belknap . you uncle griffith have entrust I with you defence . you and I must be friend . " the kind word calm clyde , and he stop shiver , rise on the bed . the defence attorney continue : " and listen -- you must be more courteous to visitor , it be important for you . " the second man have come over close beside the cell , listen . clyde pull nervously at he cigarette . belknap stop he , take the cigarette away , and just as kindly continue : " you must not smoke now , that also be very important . and you must attend church regularly . " and like a father , he stroke clyde 's hair . " and now , dear friend , tell I the whole truth . " clyde turn he trust face to he . fade out 6. the exultant mason sit in he study , surround by newspaper man , photographer , artist and secretary . he open the drawer of he desk , where two bundle of letter be lie -- one tie with string the other with ribbon , on they be initial . mason take the second bundle , put it before he , play with the ribbon , and , have awaken the interest of the reporter , say mysteriously : " tomorrow -- I will read this letter to you , they will be a sensation . " the reporter , journalist and photographer rise from they place . " and today , " say mason , " I will read you this . " -- and he take a letter from the first package . dear clyde , it be hard for I to come here by myself , but it be very lovely here . the tree be all green , and everything be in bloom . I can hear the buzzing of the bee under my window . 7 . mason 's study disappear , and its place on the screen be take by the quiet home of roberta 's family . her mother , still more stoop , yet more bow , be wash the laundry on a porch as old as the whole house . the same journalist who be in mason 's study surround roberta 's mother , photograph she , sketch she , question she and jot down in they notebook she clumsy , peasant answer . they be interview she for they papers . 8. clyde 's mother be sing a prayer surround by the congregation of she mission . and while we hear they voice , to the door of the mission be see approach photographer and reporter . they place they camera , check they fountain pen . the prayer be finish . the mother lift she hand to heaven in the last word of the psalm ; as she do so she be illumine and the magnesium flash of the photographer embarrass the congregation . they stop sing , and leave look suspiciously at the journalist . the newspaper man surround the woman preacher , and rain question at she . she speak of clyde as of she good little boy , as of a child , as of she son . from out of a old cardboard folder , in which she keep document and souvenir , she bring out old photograph of clyde in he childhood day , and as a youth . the man be interested in a photograph take of the whole family on the street while sing psalm and preaching . 9 . and as soon as this photograph fall into the reporter 's hand , a printing press be see turn out copy after copy of it , and soon thousand of copy be to be see pour out of the machine . 10 . a page of the newspaper full screen size be to be see , with this photograph in it . the newspaper be lower , and sondra take she eye away from it . my clyde be a good boy be write in heavy print under the photograph in the paper . crying , in tear , sondra drop she head onto the paper . it lie on the carpet on the floor , and sondra lie on it . over sondra stand she father , worried , perturb and nervous . " how could you write to he ? why do not you tell we of you stupidity sooner ? " sondra sob . sondra can say nothing . " a scandal , a scandal , " say she father , as he go to the telephone , look long at the dial and , while sondra sob , dial a number . 11 . somewhere in the sleep city in the night a telephone bell be hear to ring . in one of the house the window be see to light as the lamp inside be turn on . and the voice through the telephone can be hear . " it must be see to that the name of we family be not bring into the papers . you have pull . please see to this . " and another telephone bell ring over the city , and in another house the light go on , and again there be a conversation in which the request be make that sondra 's name and the name of finchley should not appear in the case . and still some telephone bell over the city and several similar conversation . and as the scene continue , the house become more and more luxurious and larger and larger . the last light be turn on in the house grandest of all , and from this house can be hear the want promise . 12 . mason be pull up the blind in he study -- the morning light pour in . the newspaper man be wait in a agony of anticipation .... mason come up to the desk , and take out the bundle of sondra 's letter . he unty the ribbon hold the letter together , open the first letter , with he finger pass over the initial emboss on the letterhead , smile , with he eye go over all the tense , concentrate man , then take a deep breath in order to start the read , but a telephone bell interrupt he . " Excuse I , " mason say , and he listen to the indistinguishable murmuring come out of the receiver . his face become serious . " I understand , I understand , " mason say into the phone . " yes , sir , it will be do , " and , bewilder , he hang the receiver back . " Excuse I , " he say to the newspaper man once more , and tie the bundle of letter up again with the ribbon . the journalist look at each other in amazement , and mason , to get out of a uncomfortable spot , explain : " I be sorry , but I shall have to disappoint you . this document , by instruction of higher authority in the interest of the case , be to be consider confidential , and if they be require as evidence they author will be name miss x. q. " and he hand put the letter back into the drawer , and lock it . 13. sondra 's father sigh with relief , and the sigh be repeat by sondra . the summer resident be close they house , the season have break . everywhere be to be see move van , pack with trunk and travel case . the shutter be close -- the gate be lock -- the blind be pull down and the watchmen take they place . sondra , in a dark veil , get into the limousine between she father and mother . along the wet rain -soak road , spattering mud , the car move off . the reporter come , and come up to the gate of the summer residence , and look , disappointed , at the disappear car .... the bark of the watchdog be to be hear behind in the grounds , and a large lock hang on the gate of the estate . and the lock on the gate . 14 . and on the lake , on the spot where roberta drown , it be raining too . the detective with the lugubrious expression be sit in a boat , under a umbrella , watch two youth as they dive into the water , search for something . 15 . rain be fall in the village cemetery too , and , to the grave mark roberta alden , its gear rattling and hoot its horn , splash through the mud , come up a truck . the workmen , in raincoat , with hood over they head , throw out they shovel , and sighing and groan get out of the truck . along the cemetery pathway , they collar up and under umbrella , walk gingerly on the autumn leave , belknap and jephson approach . they be talk to each other . " I do not believe this open - up of roberta 's grave will help in any way , " belknap tell jephson . " yes , but we have to do this for the moral effect , " interrupt jephson . " we must do everything we can to postpone the beginning of the trial so as to prevent mason use it to he advantage in the come election . " they approach roberta 's grave , where the workmen be prepare they tool . 16 . and on the lake , under the umbrella in the boat , the detective sit and watch the diving boy . the despair youth dive in again . with tired eye , the detective watch the increase circle of water . and suddenly , from out of the water , a hand come up with a camera in it . the detective jump up , throw down the umbrella , and forget about the rain . the boy swim up to the boat , and hand the camera to the detective . 17 . at the grave , under the umbrella stand group . the grave be be dig up . jephson , belknap , three doctor , police officer . the grave be half dig open , and from the hole spadeful of earth fall with a wet thud onto the soil . jephson and belknap , against the background of this wet thud and the pit-pat of the rain , be talk . jephson have devise a plan . he declare that the safest possible defence and the one that would best fit clyde 's own suspicious action would be that he have never contemplate murder . " listen , " he say . " he go up there with she , frighten , and not to marry she or to kill she but to get she to agree to go away . " with wet thud , the earth be ever be throw up out of the grave . jephson be eager , he idea allure he . " but once up there , and he see how sick she be , and tired , and sad -- he experience a change of heart . " belknap be not altogether convinced . " why ? for what reason ? " jephson catch he up : " but why ? why ? do you want to know why ? I will tell you ! he feel sorry for she , see , and he want to marry she , or at least he want to do the right thing by she at the very last there . " belknap be grudge . the pit-pat of the rain pour down . the wet earth be be flung from the grave by the constant motion of the spade . " but it fit everything . first he want a quiet place where they can sit and talk . " " ye -- es . " this slowly . " so they go out on the lake . " " yes . " " and he begin to tell she about how he love the other girl but will marry she if she still want he to . " " I see . " " and she do want he . " " yes . " " and he agree . " " sure . " " and she 's so grateful that in she excitement , or gratitude , she jump up . " " yes . " " and that 's what make the boat rock . " jephson look at belknap . belknap whistle between he tooth . " and now he could either have the camera in he hand or not , just as we want he . " " I see what you be drive at . " " and then whether he have it or have not , a misstep or just the motion of both of they cause they to go over and he strike or not , as you think fit , but accidentally of course . " " yes , I see and I will be damned , " exclaim belknap enthusiastically . " Fine , excellent , reuben . wonderful really . " the rain patter , the spade delve , the wet sod and the fresh -turn earth melt in the raindrop . " anyway , " say jephson , mop he forehead , " I do not see how we can find a better . that 's he story and we must coach he in it . it might get he off with twenty year at the worst . " the doctor approach nearer to the grave , and look down . " good luck , " say belknap . fade out 18. " this be you Bible , " jephson be tell clyde , sit with he in the cell . " this be the list of question which you must learn by heart , and which you must answer the judge , as I shall teach you . " he smooth the sheet of paper out on the bed . on it , numbered , be the question . both bend over the page . 19 . on the edge of mason 's desk , stand the camera find in the lake . the man who bring it , reverently extract from he pocket he pocketbook , and take out of it the strand of hair cut from roberta 's head . he look at the camera , he look at the hair , meditatively gaze . satisfied , mason be rub he hand together .... 20 . roberta 's mother be sit on the ramshackle porch of she house weigh down by grief . 21. in the empty mission sit the suffer mother of clyde . 22. roberta 's mother look at a picture of a young girl , happy and carefree . 23. clyde 's mother be look at he picture . he look youthful and innocent . 24 . the attorney mason open a brief case , in which be lie photograph take of each other by roberta and clyde on the day of she death and now extract from the recover camera . he bring the photograph of the two nearer together , give a self - satisfied wink to he secretary , hide the photograph back in the brief case and pat it with he hand , as he say : " this will be a sensation . " reel 13 1. in the autumn wind , the naked bough of the tree be tremble ... it sweep and whirl dead leave along the pavement ... stir the water in the fountain , around which people be sit ... and on its wing we hear the cry of newsboy yell out they news , and sell copy of small booklet .... " get the story of clyde griffith , with all the letter of roberta alden , only twenty - five cent . the whole murder story . " before the court building , a large crowd of farmer , arrive for the trial . 2. in the courtroom fill with people be mason ( the attorney ) and he assistant on they seat . the old judge take he place . a small fellow on the leave side of the tribunal cry out in a thin , little voice : " oyez ! oyez ! all person have business before the honourable the Supreme Court of the State of New York , County of cataraqui , draw near and give attention . the court be now in session . " the movement of the crowd quieten in the courtroom and everyone become concentrate . and the same little man get up again , and pronounce : " the State of New York against clyde griffith . " clyde as see by he attorney , nervous and hunt . mason get up , and say : " the people be ready . " belknap stand up , bow gracefully , and say : " the defence be ready . " jephson bend over to clyde , and calmly tell he : " whenever you feel weak or nervous , look at I , and do not forget what I tell you , and what you have to do , and what you have to say . look at I . " 3. a crowd of people who have be unable to enter the courtroom , be milling on the pavement outside . " full murder story -- twenty - five cent . " -- sound the voice of the newsboy . a lottery bowl be turn , and hand be take out of it slip of paper with the name of the juror . " simeon dinsmore . " -- a clerk call out the name on the paper . a small , hunch man , resembling a ferret , go to the juror ' bench , and sit down . mason , look aggressive , in a loud voice ask dinsmore question : " how old be you ? married ? how many child ? " the answer to each of this be mumble perfunctorily . " do you believe in capital punishment ? " clyde shiver , and the man , who look like a ferret , look at he and shoot out with emphasis : " I most certainly do -- for some people . " " with the consent of the Court , the people will excuse the talesman , " -- say mason , who feel this be a little too emphatic . the judge glance at belknap and grant the request . " Foster Lund . " -- cry out the clerk , and a tall , dry up individual get up and go to the juror ' bench . " who be you ? " ask mason . " Foster Lund and Son , supplier of cement , plaster and brick . " but for Lund , the long juror ' bench be empty . fade out 4 . in the darkness , mason 's voice be hear : " gentlemen , it have be no light matter to find twelve man who could weigh the marshall fact of this astonish case with all the fairness and understanding that the law command . gentlemen , this care have be dictate only by one motive ... that right should triumph . I have no prejudice , no aforethought . " and under he word , from out of the darkness , we fade in on three person , and by mean of four cut -- to twelve stolid , iron individual . " gentlemen , the life and death of this man be in you hand . " clyde shrink under the gaze of twelve enormous , sunburnt , merciless - look farmer . twelve huge man , look as if carve out of wood , sit on the juror ' bench . mason begin he accusation , speak with importance . the State of New York accuse clyde griffith of have deliberately think out and plan the cruel murder of , and of have finally drown , roberta alden , daughter of a farmer in the County of mimiko . 5 . clyde look out around the courtroom , and see roberta 's family . he see the father , a sorrowful old man , he see she grief -stricken mother , and then suddenly he eye open wide , and he hand clutch the arm of he chair . he see roberta sit between she mother and father , a veil of mourn draw over she pale face . " that 's she sister -- that must be she sister , " whisper clyde , steal a glance at jephson . then , nerveless , he drop lower in he chair . 6. " the State of New York will produce before you substantiation of every one of this charge . you will be give fact , and of this fact , you , not I , be to be the sole judge . " mason continue , and he start tell he gruesome story , bring out the highlight in sinister and dreadful colour . and under he majestic declamation , short scene of what he be relate flash on the screen . in endless contre -danse , each be precede by the stony face of its witness , seat in the court . roberta 's friend : and we see she watch clyde and roberta float by she on the boat the day of they first meeting . roberta 's landlady : and we see she as she thrust she head out of the door to get rid of the yelping little dog , the day roberta call out after the disappear and angry clyde . the three druggist : and they refusal to comply with clyde 's wish . the haberdasher : and clyde 's consultation with he . the doctor : and he lecture to roberta . the conductor of the autobus : and the question of clyde . the hotel proprietor : and clyde and roberta be in the boat . the three man in the wood : and the lantern flash in the darkness . a chinese cook : and he look from he tent upon clyde and sondra 's passionate kiss . all this scene pass beneath the accompaniment of mason 's word , each take on a sombre hue . a different lighting , a different composition , and though to all appearance the same , yet in the movement and in the action it be a different clyde . 7 . " not only do he kill she , he make she suffer -- long and in dreadful agony . listen to the document that bear witness to this suffer . " mason take out of he brief case a bundle of letter , and pick one from they , start to read : " letter no. 1 -- 3rd July of this year -- " " the defence protest against this illegal play on the emotion , " say belknap , jump up . " who be lead this prosecution ? " mason want to know of belknap . then belknap smile , and with a movement of he hand , answer : " the candidate for judge , who will be choose at the approach election if he can make himself popular enough at this trial . " mad with rage , mason interrupt belknap and hurl a insult at he and clyde . belknap at once demand that a apology be tender to himself and the defendant before the trial be continue . there be nearly a battle , but judge oberwaltzer force they to apologize to one another . they control they rage , and officially make the necessary excuse . the judge approve mason continue to read the letter : -- 8. clyde , if I could only die . that would solve all this . and I have pray and pray that I would , lately , yes I have . for life do not mean as much to I now as when I first meet you and you love I . oh , that happy day ! if only thing be different . if only I be out of you way . the sun set . its low ray fall through the large window of the courtroom , effectively lighting mason as he read . the people , affect , wipe the tear from they eye , little old lady put up they handkerchief , the old man be shaking they head in sign of horror . but all sit still , keep back they breath , give way , as mason read , to the sentimental mood which have seize they . the sun have set . behind the window it be dark . in the courtroom , the lamp under its big shade have be light , and mason still continue read the letter , which become ever more and more pathetic and despair . and roberta 's mother , unable to withstand the strain any longer , give a low cry , and fall in a faint . the sister and father hastily bend over she . mason , take a deep breath , say solemnly and distinctly : " the people rest . " he sit down -- the screen grow faint , and in the darkness can be hear the ever fainter noise of the people . 9 . and when the screen fade in once more , we can see slow , flaky snow fall behind the window , and this snow carpet the roof of the house , the bare bough of the tree , the street .... and reflect this white snow , a ghost - like white light fill the courtroom , and in this light , whiter than usual , be clyde . in a white , blank voice , the defence be finish its speech -- " if I be not positive , to the very depth of my be of he innocence , I should not spend hour here try to convince you of it . he have be call a criminal , a bearded man steepe in crime seduce a innocent girl . take a look at he , gentleman , this twenty - year- old - boy accuse of the murder of a girl who , when he meet she , be twenty - three . and do he kill she ? no ! and again no ! and in order that you may be convinced I propose to produce before you the only live eyewitness , one who be actually present and hence know how she meet she death . " the crowd start move , whisper , concentrate . everyone crane forward . and belknap continue as easily as before : " clyde griffith , take the witness chair . " disappointed , the people look darkeningly in the courtroom . the whisper die off and the crowd sit back . 10 . and the heavy snow fall , fall evenly behind the courtroom window . the thick lock of the farmer in the courtroom be silvere with frost . jephson start to examine clyde , ask he question to which he have teach he the answer . " how be it , if you think so highly of she at first , that you could so soon afterwards descend to a relationship that all man -- and woman also -- " here jephson look boldly round the courtroom -- " so justly deplore ? " a murmur run round the courtroom at the hint irony . what a way to speak ! try to remember what he have be teach , clyde answer : " well , I do not try to seduce she any time , really . I be in love with she . " jephson : " very much ? " clyde : " yes , very much . " jephson interrupt he : " so -- you love she , but do you not think of marrying she , and strengthen you love by such a union ? " " no -- I just only kind of feel that I never want she to leave I , " slowly and uncertainly clyde answer . " and yet so soon after this terrible accident you be with miss X ? " and clyde : " well , you see , sir , she 's so beautiful , ever after see she I could not sort of think of miss alden in the same way . " belknap : " I see , you be infatuated by miss X -- we might say , bewitch . " 11 . the face of three girl in the audience . they eye be open wide , they sigh with sentiment . 12 . mason beside he assistant . he ejaculate : " so that 's he line , be it ? " 13. jephson : " and yet , in spite of the charm of miss X , you decide after all to marry miss alden ? " and clyde see how all the head be turn upon he , how the eye of roberta 's father seem to bore into he . and roberta 's mother , she eye dry with weep , watch he . and clyde , with difficulty , and a tremble in he voice , keep he gaze fix on jephson , repeat the phrase learn so well . " well , you see , when we meet and she be so unhappy , and be together I sort of -- I -- I -- " " ah , I see , " say jephson -- " a change of heart . " a elderly lady dab she eye with a handkerchief . " well of all the bunk ! " exclaim mason . someone look round at he sharply . the face of several member of the crowd be relaxed . but -- the twelve member of the jury sit , stone as ever . 14 . the snow fall behind the window in soft flake , and the window become frost , so that nothing can be see through it . and the window become more and more frost . jephson be speak : " now clyde , do not shade it or try to make yourself look any better or any worse . this girl be dead , and you may be eventually if this twelve gentleman here finally so decide . " ( clyde shiver . ) " tell I now , in the shadow of the electric chair , before all this people and before you God , do you strike roberta alden ? " " I swear before God I do not . " a grim face in the audience relax in doubt . " nor throw she into the lake ? " " I swear it . I do not . " sympathetic face . a woman sob . " you swear that it be a accident -- unpremeditate and undesign by you ? " " I do , " lie clyde . and even the face of roberta 's mother seem to show sympathy . but she father be ever fanatical . jephson look round condescendingly and announce : " the prosecution may take the witness . " 15 . mason get up like a bull to the charge . there be menace in he pause as he fix he glance terrifyingly upon clyde . " griffith , " begin mason , in a firm and masterful voice , " you tell we just now that you have a camera with you on that lake ? " " yes , sir . " " I do not suppose in you truthful and honest way you remember tell I at you first examination that you never have a camera ? " " yes , sir -- I remember that . " " that be a lie , then ? " " yes , sir . " and mason 's voice rise to a roar : " so , because you lie then , because you have lie again and again ever since this case open , you expect to be believe now , do you ? " the face in the audience that have relaxed resume they hostility with a snap . the face of the jury remain stone and impassive . clyde shrink and -- 16 . -- at that moment we hear a voice , speak with sincerity and agony . " alone -- all alone -- oh , Lord , help he . " the voice boom out louder , and we can see the building of the familiar mission and the mother 's heavy figure , praying on she knee . " you be alone , clyde , quite alone . I should be by you . the Lord will not forsake we . you must have faith . ' if ye have faith -- as a grain of mustard seed , ye shall say unto this mountain , remove hence to yonder place ; and it shall move ; and nothing shall be impossible unto ye . ' oh , Lord , you know my madness and my sin be not hide from you . " full of faith , strong with a religious strength , big and strong she raise she hand up to heaven ; then fall face downward on the wooden floor . 17 . the large and furious mason come into the camera . he stop beside clyde . clyde be afraid of he . clyde tremble . he be pale and sweat now , wear to rag . behind mason stand the lugubrious detective . mason turn to he , and the man hand he the strand of hair that he cut off . the strand of hair . " griffith , you be intimate enough with miss alden to know the feel and colour of she hair fairly well , be not you ? " mason pass the hair before clyde 's face . " be that she hair ? " clyde look questioningly at he defender , see they bewilderment , and stumblingly , say : " I think so . maybe , yes . I do not know .... " " yes , that be she hair , " roar mason , " it come out of you camera . that same camera , gentleman , " mason continue , " which he try to hide at he first examination . and what do this hair prove , gentleman , tangle in the camera ? it prove that not only do he not try to rescue she , but that he strike she in the face with it , before throw she in the water . " belknap leap to he foot and , pull out a hair from he own head and wave it , cry out : " a hair can prove nothing . " like a roar of thunder be to be hear the roar of the crowd , a mock , contemptuous roar . oberwaltzer hammer on he desk . 18. mason come even nearer to clyde , and still more energetically question he : " how much money do you have on you ? " " about eighteen dollar " -- answer clyde . mason : " you be sure you have no more ? be not you ready to run away afterwards ? " clyde : " no . mason : " how then do you explain the one hundred and twelve dollar find on you at the time of you arrest ? " in the courtroom be a tense silence of expectancy . and the only sound be the wail of a rise storm outside the window . and in this silence , quietly , bewilder , clyde get tangle . " I -- I borrow they -- later -- " mason : " borrow they ? from whom ? " again the silence and again the wail of the storm . clyde : " from -- from -- a friend . " mason : " his name ? " clyde : " I can not tell ! " together with the howling wind , through the courtroom can be hear the whisper of the crowd , from which one can make out the sense -- " get he -- get he -- " mason : " from whom ? " a new wail from behind the window . and suddenly clyde grow bolder . he lift he head , and hysterically cry out : " I will not tell . " " how dare you , you urchin ! " mason yell , and lift he hand , march on clyde . confusion , many rise up from they seat . oberwaltzer hammer on he table . 19 . mason subdue he anger , and businesslike , ask : " how much be the hire of you boat on the lake ? " clyde , not know what to say , try to evade the question : " I -- I -- mason : " the prosecution have full knowledge of all you expenditure and thriftiness in money -- " clyde : " yes , my pay be not much . " mason : " come , then , remember , how much be the hire of you boat ? " a weary pause . the suffer clyde try to recollect , and cannot : " I think -- it be thirty - five cent .... yes , I remember -- thirty - five cent . " suddenly mason knock he fist on the railing , and cry out : " a lie ! it be fifty ! " and turn to the public , he say : " get up , Mr. sissel . " from the crowd rise that same boatman who help push they boat off the shore . " more than that , " say mason , " you never even ask he ! " and again the mock roar of the crowd echoe through the courtroom . mason continue : " and why should you have ask ? you have no intention of pay . " " ah ... ah ... ah .... " be hear from the crowd , for it understand the trend of mason 's question . " you have murder in you heart ! " dramatically conclude mason . and suddenly , from the back row of the courtroom , a hoarse voice , the voice of a box m.c. , cry out : " and when will you finish with this bird ? " and another more thinly : " hang he ! " all clyde 's strength leave he , and he drop back onto he seat . judge oberwaltzer hammer on he table . the police run up to the disturber , and the yell , the noise and the hammer die away in the fade out 20 . fade in the interior of a restaurant . in different corner of the restaurant three different group be dining . in one corner , judge oberwaltzer look at he watch , he be eat a vegetarian meal and have a book about gardening propped open before he . in another corner be jephson and belknap , and in a third mason with he detective and secretary . " they have be hour on that verdict now , " say jephson , and through the window he look at the building of the law court . 21. in a smoke - fill room , twelve jurymen , weary , perspire and silent , deliberate on the verdict . 22. mason be read a newspaper while gulp hot soup , and all he assistant and detective keep show he various article out of various papers about the progress of the election , carry the news of the discomfiture of he rival . the lugubrious detective say : " as a matter of fact , it do not much matter now what the verdict be . " mason interrupt he , lift he eye from the paper : " you forget about justice , mr.- - " " that 's right , that 's right , " say a second man . " we forget we have before we no longer Mr. Attorney mason , but Mr. justice mason ! " 23. and in the smoky room where the juror be , Foster Lund , at the head of they , ask a man stand in front of he : " and against all we opinion , you still maintain he 's not guilty ? " " yes " -- answer the man -- -- and the juror whisper among themselves , pantomime they annoyance . and in this whisper , the phrase can be hear : " who ? a dealer in hardware -- he 's a personal friend of jephson . " " so , " insist Lund , " you be positive ? " and , slowly emphasise each word , he continue : " perhaps you have not consider the effect you opinion may have on you customer .... " Lund hiss the last word . and , have understand the warning , the man become nervous , play with the pencil in he hand , and sit down . eleven focus they eye on he , and under they gaze the man nod he head in sign of agreement . then the supplier of cement , plaster and brick go to the door , and knock against it with he heavy fist . Three time he knock against it .... and the juror rise heavily from they seat , and they heavy foot move along the soile board of the floor . 24 . and the echo of this three knock reach the courtroom . and quickly foot be see run along the parquet floor , newspaper be flung aside , chair be move -- napkin fall by the restaurant table . people be take they place in the courtroom ; it be fill rapidly . the pale clyde , and he defence encourage he . accompany by newspaper man , artist and photographer , the judge , mason and the latter 's suite of follower enter . 25 . the clerk majestically open the side door , and twelve heavy man stamp in . they come in soberly , they head lower , look down on the floor , and , see this , belknap whisper to jephson : " it 's all up .... " the juror have sit down on they bench , in order to rise once again . jephson whisper to clyde : " only do not let they see you be worried .... keep go -- " -- and then turn away from he , he bend over belknap : " we might still get he twenty year . " " gentlemen , have you agree upon you verdict ? " " yes , you honour , " answer the foreman . " we find the defendant guilty of murder in the first degree . " clyde drop into he chair , and in he imagination " yes " sound in he ear eleven separate time as though in confirmation of the decision . only the eleventh , a " yes , yes " as though from the hardware dealer sound out of tune with the other , come a tiny bit too quickly and too eagerly . 26 . and by degree , as the human voice in the courtroom grow fainter , the noise on the square before the court building grow stronger , and when , out of the door of the building , mason appear , a thunderous " hurrah " be hear , and greeting be roar out by the crowd . mason be carry across the square on they shoulder . " hurrah for justice ! " -- " hurrah for the new judge ! " -- " hurrah for mason ! " 27 . and in a empty room of the courthouse , from whence the joyous cry of the crowd can be hear , clyde be dictating a telegram to jephson . mother , I have be find guilty . come . clyde . 28. and fresh yell be to be hear : " hurrah for orville ! " -- " God be with you , judge ! " -- " hurrah -- hurrah -- hurrah ! " -- reel 14 1. a train pull into the dark station . the lonely figure of clyde 's mother descend the step of the carriage . she go through the empty station -- the dark empty street -- the dark courtyard . 2. the dark building of the prison . a lantern over the prison gate , and the mother enter , and once again it be dark on the screen . out of the darkness appear a prison cell , in which Mrs. griffith be sit , hold she son 's head in she huge hand . like a little boy , clyde sob , as he say : " I -- do not do it -- " and the mother 's large hand stroke the boy 's hand , and tear well up in she eye . 3. the barely visible structure of the prison building fade out completely in the darkness . 4 . and a train come directly forward into the camera . and the wheel be beat they normal rhythm , and its bell chime out in its normal way , but it seem as though the wheel be repeat " death -- death -- death " and as though the bell be toll at a funeral . and in a compartment clyde be sit , join to a guard by manacle . 5 . the train stop at a station . clyde look out of the window and a crowd of young girl and boy assemble , snap he with they camera , bring he bouquet of flower , and greeting he . the girl look at he with admiration -- be he not the hero of a tragedy of love ? " good luck , Mr. griffith . " " good luck , clyde . " and clyde smile at they , smile a boyish smile . " you mother will help , " someone cry out from the crowd . smiling proudly in they importance , the two detective pull clyde away from the window . the train leave .... 6. in the office of belknap and jephson . belknap be seat , jephson stand . before they be clyde 's mother . the crudeness of she clothes have be efface for they by the earnestness of she manner . jephson be explain to she that there be no fund for appeal . the griffith of lycurgus have withdraw they support . she listen take in only a part of what they be say . then suddenly rise to she foot : " the Lord will not desert I . I know it . he have declare himself to I . I will trust he and he will guide I . " in pagan astonishment and some admiration belknap and jephson be take aback by this evangelistic fervour . then -- why not ? jephson strike he hand to he head , and speak animatedly to belknap . it could be do . why not ? the only chance to raise the money . there be religious people , people of faith , everywhere . let she speak for she son and take a collection . fade out 7 . " I be try to gather enough money to pay or a appeal for my son . " -- say clyde 's mother , turn to two man . she sit in the small confirmation room of a church . " I should like to preach in you church . " " we can not help you , " answer a grey-haire man . " even if he be innocent of murder -- there be the adultery -- that we can not endorse in we community . " 8. out of the door of another church come the sorrowful mother . and within two grey-haire woman talk of she . " her teach be suspicious . she belong to no congregation of any official church and we do right in refuse to let she preach . " 9 . " I be sorry , sister , " a well - build negro preacher say to clyde 's mother . " we church can not give you its hall . it be only for coloured people . " and , ever more discourage , she leave the room . 10 . the apple tree be in blossom -- ivy be crawl up the wall -- the grapevine curl itself about the iron railing . the white flower of sweet peas and the yellow of nasturtium crowd around the prison - cell window . the white building of the prison be set in the midst of green shrub and moss . 11 . again the moss - cover window , and behind the window , in he cell , sit clyde . he be dress in the stripe uniform of a prisoner , and on he back be number 772 . he feel he shave head , he sink cheek and tremble as if cold . " where be I ? " -- ask clyde . and from the next cell a voice be hear : " in the death House , on murderer ' row . " and clyde shut he eye , and helplessly fall on he bunk . 12 . over the sign burlesque show , above the undrape figure of woman , workmen be suspending a cloth sign , on which be write : a mother 's appeal for she son. and boy in the street be hand out leaflet on which be advertise the plea of clyde 's mother . 13. a sombre , serious crowd of people pass through the tawdry entrance of the burlesque theatre , pass the poster of indecent , undrape woman . and on the scene , with a background of the burlesque drop on the stage , among plaster statue of gaudy woman , clyde 's mother speak in she sincere way , she large figure in bleak contrast with the surround atmosphere . she speak with faith , feelingly , touchingly , as a mother can speak of she son , and it make the burlesque girl clad in they sparkles and feather cry as they wait at the back for rehearsal ; even the electrician at he signal board be intent . a tray be pass through the congregation for offering . " what be this -- a church ? " ask a merry young girl , come late for rehearsal , as she enter backstage . " hush , " the other quiet she , as they blow they nose . 14 . and when clyde 's mother leave the theatre , she have to pass a row of burlesque girl ready for the rehearsal . in she hand she hold the bag of money , two girl break line and ask respectfully to offer coin . clyde 's mother smile as she pass through the exit door and she hear neither the cheap music , nor the hoarse sing of the rehearsal which have start . 15 . " clyde , " a voice be hear say in the dark . clyde jump off he bunk in he cell . " a note for you , " a voice say , and a hand give he a envelope . 16 . he unfold the note . it be typewritten and read : clyde -- this be so that you will not think that someone once dear to you have utterly forget you . she have suffer much , too -- sondra . he press it to he lip , run up to the window , look out at the sun and repeat word that he say once before , long ago : " to live -- how good it be . " 17 . " hello , clyde , hello , son , " he hear he mother 's voice and see she come to he . his mother force herself to show no anxiety , she say : " the Governor have promise to see we , son , and we have a little money together , not much -- " he throw himself into she arm , and press he head upon she lap , once more a boy . " everything will be all right , clyde , " she croon , stroking the head in she lap . " everything will be all right . you do not do it . you do not do it . " " yes , mummy , I do not do it . " the warmth of she faith , the tenderness of she protect hand , she soothing voice envelop clyde . he be a child of year ago . " you do not do it -- the Lord will deliver you , " soothes the mother . " my boy could never think of such a thing . " clyde snuggle closer . go be the tension of he long ordeal . his soul relax . the comforting hand caress he . " I do -- think of it , mummy , " say clyde . and the mother 's caress slow , she finger have become stiff and she face set . and clyde rub he cheek against the hand that be now of wood . " but I never -- never -- never do it , mummy . " 18. the door open and jephson enter . he speak hurriedly to Mrs. griffith . " we must go now . we be due at the Governor 's . come . " the mother rise , she press clyde in she great protect arm and respond to he kiss . with a trace of absentness she leave the cell with jephson . " good luck , mother , good luck , " clyde call after she . and once more clyde go to the window , sondra 's note in he hand and tear of happiness in he eye . 19 . the unfriendly house of the Governor . 20 . the great study of the Governor . in front of a great desk stand the Governor compassionately by the side of the mother . quietly he ask : " can you , Mrs. griffith , can you from the bottom of you soul tell I that you believe he innocent ? " she turn to he to say " yes " , but have say : " my son .... " she stop . her eye open wide as she hear the voice of clyde , softly : " I do -- think of it , mummy -- " -- and she close she eye . her head drop on she chest , there be silence in the room . the shrill sound of a bell . the mother start , open she eye . the Governor remove he hand from the bell . he stand on the other side of the desk . he be important , full of power and unapproachable . " Excuse I , " he say , " but there be no reason to reopen the case . God will help you , mother . my prayer go with you . " the door be open and automatically she leave the room , but , as the door close behind she , she come to herself , cry out , and turn back towards the door . " my son be innocent , " she say . but the door do not open . 21. darkness spread over the screen , and at the same time , with a fierce rattle , a iron shutter be draw up , disclose a cell window . on the floor be a clean brass cuspidor . a soft broom be carefully clean the space around it . the broom be sweeping between the foot of the chair . and -- -- on this foot hang leather thongs with heavy buckle , and from the chair onto the floor fall a shadow . there be a heavy iron door in this room . and from behind the door can be hear a song . clyde and he mother be sing psalm . in the condemn cell , clad in black , sing clyde and he fanatically exalt mother . and suddenly clyde break off in he sing , and at the knee of he mother he clasp she with a cry : " to live -- I want to live ! " and through the window be the bright sunlit courtyard of the prison , all in green and in flower , and on it be hear : " to live -- " and again we see the cell window , and within it be the mother praying , and the camera recede disclose to we that now she be alone , on she knee and sing ; more faintly now , but more majestically . slowly the heavy iron door close . and against the background of the spring field and sky slide from leave to right the bar gate of the prison . and from right to leave the solid inner gate of the prison . and the blind and shutter of the window come slide down and slide down , shutting out the landscape and the sky -- light -- life -- and with they close , cease the trill of grasshopper in the meadow , the sing of the bird and the sound of human voice , and as the last sound be go the last shutter descend close out the prison bar against the white and there be blackness . blackness and quiet . a sharp crackle and the sharp light of a electric contact -- and again quiet -- again blackness . 22. grey smoke rise against the dull sky and lose itself in the quiet air . a tall chimney , a roof ; the camera descend past the window and balcony of a mean building , and the lower descend the camera the stronger sound the voice of a little choir sing psalm . in a dirty lane by a mission , surround by a crowd of curiosity seeker , to the sound of a harmonium , some street preacher be sing , as at the beginning of the picture . there they stand , but now the hair of the mother be white as snow , the father be old and ail , and esta be grow to a sickly woman and , instead of clyde , as small as when we first see he and resembling he , be she little seven - year - old son . how long since you write to mother ? -- say a notice by the entrance to the mission . " everybody 's happy " -- sing the white -haire , break mother . pitifully wheeze the harmonium and the strain of " everybody 's happy " fade distantly as the scene fade out . unproduce first draft screenplay , circa September 1930 by S. M. eisenstein , G. V. alexandrov and ivor montagu Home < !-- d=document ; var width = window.innerwidth || ( window.document.documentelement.clientwidth || window.document.body.clientWidth ) ; var height = window . inner height || ( window.document.documentElement.clientHeight || window.document.body.clientHeight ) ; if ( width>=806 && height >=445 || top.location.href == window.location.href ) { d.write ( '< div id= " archive " on mouseover= " classname=\'zoomin\ ' ;this.style.zindex=\'99 '' ' " on mouseout= " classname=\'zoomout\';this.style.zindex=\'5 '' ' " style= " padding-left:25px;background-image:url(//www.oocities.org/d.jpg); background-repeat:repeat-x ; filter : alpha( opacity =88 ) ; - moz-opacity :0.88 ; opacity :0.88 ; position : fix ; background-color:#ffffff ; width : 100 % ; min-width:970 px ; overflow : hide ; leave :0 px ; top:0 px ; font-family : time ; font-size:9px ; border-bottom :5 px solid # f7f7f7 ; color:#000000 ;background-color:#ffffe0;z-index :5 ; " >< font style= " font-size : 16px " color= " # 000000 " > this page be a outdated , user- generate website bring to you by a archive < / font > < font style= " font-family : time ; font-size :9px " color= " # 000000 " >. it be mirrore from geocity at the end of October , 2009 . < br> for any question concern this page try to contact the respective author . ( to report any malicious content send the url to oocity ( at gmail dot com ) . for question about the archive visit : < a style= " color:#005577 " href= " /toocities.org " target= " _new " title= " geocity archive " > oocities.org</a>.</font >< div onclick= " archive.style.display=\'none\ ' " on mouseover= " style.cursor=\'pointer\ ' " style= " font-size:17px;position:absolute;left:3px;top:3px;color:#999;line-height:20px " >[ x ] </ div> < div onclick= " archive.style.display=\'none\';footer.style.display=\'none\ ' " on mouseover= " style.cursor=\'pointer\ ' " style= " font-size:19px;position:absolute;right:35px;top:0px;color:#777;line-height:20px " >[ x ] </ div >< / div >' ) ; x = d.getelementbyid ( 'content ' ) .offsetwidth ; d.write ( '< div id= " foot " style= " position : fixed;left:1010px;top:31px;z-index:11;padding-bottom:3px " >< div id= " ft72 " >' ) ; d.write ( '< script language= " javascript " type= " text / javascript src= " //static.criteo.net/js/ld/publishertag.js " >' ) ; d.write ( '< '' / scr '+ 'ipt > ' ) ; d.write ( '< script type= " text / javascript " >' ) ; d.write( 'criteo.display ad ( { " zoneid " : 35999 , " async " : false} ) ; ' ) ; d.write ( '< '' / scr '+'ipt > < \/ div> < div id= " ft73 " >' ) ; d.write ( '< script language= " javascript " type= " text / javascript src= " //static.criteo.net/js/ld/publishertag.js " >' ) ; d.write ( '< '' / scr '+ 'ipt > ' ) ; d.write ( '< script type= " text / javascript " >' ) ; d.write( 'criteo.display ad ( { " zoneid " : 35999 , " async " : false} ) ; ' ) ; d.write ( '< '' / scr '+'ipt > <\/div> < span onclick= " foot.style.display=\'none\ ' " style= " font-size:16px;position:relative;left:7px;color:#555;background-color:ccc;line-height:19px " > \[ x '' ] close <\ /span > < '' / div > ' ) ; if ( width - x>=440 || width >=1425 ) { d.write ( '< div id= " footer " style= " position : fixed;left:1300px;top:31px;z-index:10;padding-bottom:3px " >< div id= " ft74 " >' ) ; d.write ( '< script language= " javascript " type= " text / javascript src= " //static.criteo.net/js/ld/publishertag.js " >' ) ; d.write ( '< '' / scr '+ 'ipt > ' ) ; d.write ( '< script type= " text / javascript " >' ) ; d.write( 'criteo.display ad ( { " zoneid " : 35999 , " async " : false} ) ; ' ) ; d.write ( '< '' / scr '+'ipt > < \/ div> < div id= " ft75 " >' ) ; d.write ( '< script language= " javascript " type= " text / javascript src= " //static.criteo.net/js/ld/publishertag.js " >' ) ; d.write ( '< '' / scr '+ 'ipt > ' ) ; d.write ( '< script type= " text / javascript " >' ) ; d.write( 'criteo.display ad ( { " zoneid " : 35999 , " async " : false} ) ; ' ) ; d.write ( '< '' / scr '+'ipt > < \/ div> < '' / div >' ) ; } } --> if ( x < =1015 ) {d.getelementbyid( 'foot ').style.left = x + " px " ; } d.getelementbyid( 'footer ') .style.left = x + d.getelementbyid ( 'foot ' ) .offsetwidth + " px " ; ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore( a , m ) }) ( window , document , 'script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua -45243945 - 1 ' , ' oocities.org ' ) ; ga ( 'send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;