" a american werewolf in paris " by Anthony waller , Tim burn & Tom stern base on character create by John landis blackness . pink floyd 's " Dark side of the Moon ( Brain damage ) " play as white title appear over black . as the song crescendos at the first chorus , sunlight flare over the lunar horizon and a crescent sliver of the moon be illuminate - huge , fill the screen from top to bottom . we be in space , circle around from the dark side until a huge full moon fill the screen with whiteness - title continue as we pull back from the moon , into the earth 's atmosphere , through cloud , until we reveal paris at night we come to rest on a ancient , vaguely wolf - like gargoyle high atop a gothic cathedral in the Latin Quarter - a maze of narrow , twist street - desolate at this late hour . Cloud move over the moon . end title . the song fade . a thunder crack . rain drop spatter on the church 's metal roof . Water trickle out of the gargoyle 's mouth . we follow the stream of water down to street level where it fall onto a young couple wobble down the street , share a bottle of wine . they open a umbrella and stand underneath it , smooching and giggle . we follow the stream of water from they umbrella to the street , where it swirl into drain hole in the manhole cover that they be stand on . suddenly ... clang !! the manhole cover push up under they foot . he flinch - bite down on she lip , draw blood . she yelp . clang !! the cover thrust up again . they lose they balance , fall to the ground - the wine bottle smashes . the manhole cover flip off it 's hole . horrify , they scramble from it . then , out of it come ... terrence mcdermott a fiftyish college professor in a turtleneck and old tweed jacket , clutching a well wear leather shoulder bag and gasp for breath . he 's bald , with longish gray hair and intense eye . he climb out of the hole , replace the cover and dash off desperately through the rain , look back over he shoulder as he disappear into a narrow alley . the couple watch he go , befuddle . she touch she hand to she lip and look at the blood . she slap she boyfriend upside the head . girl idiot ! the guy shrug . then ... bam !! the manhole cover explode off the hole , sail twenty foot into the air and clatter to the ground some distance away . we cut to the couple 's horrify reaction as they watch something emerge from the hole . on a nearby STREET terrence , run , hear the couple 's horrible scream echo through the twist street . he come to a stone stairway and hurry down it , four step at a time . at the bottom he turn right and arrive at a star shape five way intersection . a low , muffle growl stop he in he track . he stand in the rain , panting , look around at the dark maze of street , try to pinpoint the source of the sound . terrence ( american accent - to himself ) where be you , you sick bastard ... a taxi appear a block away . he wave he arm and call out in a very good french accent . terrence taxi ! ici , s'il vous plait ! it turn and drive towards he . he start off towards it . he glance over he shoulder - see nothing . he 's twenty foot from the taxi . he smile . then - he 's jerk violently downward into a STORM drain . he scream . some monstrous force pull he down , he bone crush as he body be force through the too-small drain . the cabby get out and run up to the drain , where terrence 's thrashing upper body be quickly disappear into the hole . horrible growl and sound of rip flesh emanate from the sewer . blood spurt through the grate . terrence reach up to the cabby , scream for help . terrence my God ! help ! au secur ! the terror stricken cabby shake he head and start back up . terrence lunge forth and grab the cabby 's leg . the cabby scream and try to get loose . he fall to the ground and be drag towards the hole . he grab the bumper of he cab and strain to pull himself away , kick at terrence 's hand with he free foot . light come on in a adjacent building . a man in pajamas run out into the rain . the cabby lose he grip on the bumper and he and terrence be jerk closer to the sewer but the man grab the cabby 's hand and pull . some other resident gather on the sidewalk . a police car siren approach . something give and the man in pajamas fall backwards into a puddle . the small crowd look down and see terrence , pull free from the hole , moan semi-consciously . we move down he body , past the bleed stump where he leg use to be , and follow the blood as it swirl into eddie of rain water and flow into the blackness of the storm drain . CUT to : a fierce bull charge through the matador 's red muletta , snort blood . the crowd go wild . we be in a bull fight arena , under the blaze Spanish sun . the camera dolly past cheer spaniard and find a small group of american student , early twenty . gord man . I can not believe I pay good money to watch a guy in tight pants kill a cow . sherry disgusting . this make american gladiator look highbrow . the camera settles on andy mcdermott , 22 , as he join the crowd in a rouse cheer , wave a bottle of wine with native gusto . he 's good look in a scrappy sort of way , with shoulder length brown hair , grungy plaid shirt , khakis , and glass . andy whoo ! ole ! ( to he friend ) man , you guy be loser ! this be poetry ! death in the afternoon , a tragic dance of man and beast , just like hemingway say . God , Spain be it ! this people know how to live . sherry I still say we should have go to Paris . andy Paris !? ug ! if I want to be in a overpriced , overrate city full of obnoxious asshole I would have stay in New York ! please ! another friend , mike , join they . gord where have you be ? beatin ' off in you sombrero again ? Mike swat Steve in the head playfully and grab the wine from Andy . he hand he a crumpled telegram . mike McDermott , you dad send this to the pensione . suppose to be urgent . andy ( concerned ) what 's it about ? mike ( defensive ) I do not read it . Andy take the telegram . Mike lean in close to sherrie and whisper the gossip . mike his uncle be in the hospital . Andy read the message . his face fall . for a second , he 's silent . his friend see something 's wrong . gord hey , man . you okay ? what be it ? Andy grab the wine away from Mike and take a long swig . in the bullring - the matador plunge he sword between the bull 's shoulder blade and make the kill . CUT to : int . paris hospital emergency ward - early evening blood splatter on white paper . pull back to see a chef with a cut finger stand at the admit counter , drip blood on a form . the uptight parisian nurse scold he and pull out a new form . andy , lug he back pack , trudge through the slide glass door mark " St. Severin Hospital " . bleary eye , hang over , burden by a heavy backpack and carry the crumpled telegram , he approach another nurse at the counter . andy um , excuse I ... hello ... a stout woman with a poodle charge in front of Andy and launch into a loud french argument with the nurse over the hospital 's " human 's only " admission policy . woman ( french ) pitou need a real doctor ! he 's melancholy ! andy hey , wait a minute ... Andy try to push he way back in , but the shrill little dog yap at he . Andy grab he aching " hangover head " in agony . the bleed chef walk away , drip , leave the other nurse free . Andy approach she . she have she head down in some paperwork . andy pardon ... excusez moi . ' allo . without look up , she hold up a " please wait " finger . Andy sigh . the poodle yap at he again . he wince and try to get the nurse 's attention . andy ( to nurse ) umm ... she raise she finger sharply and glare at he . she go back to she paperwork . Andy start chat politely with she , pretend she 's respond . andy so , you ever be to Spain ? you would love it . it 's friendly , sunny , cheap ... and you would be the only rave bitch there instead of just one in the crowd up here . marcel boulard , a short middle age cop in a rumple coat approach . he tap Andy on the shoulder . marcel Andrew mc-dair-mo ? andy that 's McDermott , but yeah . marcel flash he badge . marcel detective boulard . we have be expect you . this be Inspector leduc . leduc , in he fifty , taller , heavy set , droopy mustache , nod gruffly and start towards the elevator , motion for they to follow . marcel he 's in charge but , uh , between you and I , my English be better . ( they hurry to catch up with leduc ) this way ... so you be from New York eh ? I love that Hill Street blue ... andy right . listen , my uncle , it 's not serious be it ? do he eat some bad snail ? slip on the bidet ? what ? they step into the elevator as leduc hold the door open . marcel and leduc trade uneasy glance . leduc sigh . leduc merde . marcel he say - andy yeah okay . my french be not that bad . int . hospital room terrence lie comatose under a clear plastic oxygen tent . a orderly change the dress on he bloody stump . a nurse fiddle with the vast array of bleep , burbling , suck , life support machinery . Andy , dumb strike , watch from a few pace away . marcel , pad in hand , ask he question . leduc stay in the background , listen and study Andy intently . andy Jesus ... marcel how well do , er , do you know he ? andy not too well . he teach at the sorbonne , right ? dad always call he he " hippie brother " . do some work with timothy leary I think , and - be he ... be he go to die ? marcel no . the doctor say the machine should keep he go a long time . but basically he be , how you say , a legume . andy legume ? you mean , a vegetable ? marcel vegetable , right . my mistake . it seem he be attack by a maniac , maybe two or three maniac , just after midnight . yesterday . they fle into the tunnel beneath Paris , that 's all we know ... andy what do you mean , maniac ? marcel well , here 's what I think happen . a chemistry professor go to a bad part of town late at night . why ? perhaps he 's make a few francs on the side . the psychedelic drug market be big this day . he get mix up with a bad crowd and , like they say , if you lie with dog , you get fleas . andy yeah , well , this fleas must have tooth like fuckin ' chain saw . beep beep ! something 's wrong with uncle terrence 's machinery . the iv bottle be sputtering and bubbling , the ekg monitor be flash . the orderly snap into action and pull the curtain shut , wave " no problem " to Andy and marcel . marcel lead Andy away , try to calm he down . marcel maybe we should go now . you must be very tired . we will call if any new - andy I can not believe this . why do not you go down in the tunnel and find the goddamn ... animal that attack my uncle ? marcel Andy , it 's not so easy . there be hundred of kilometer of tunnel under Paris . it 's a whole other city , crawl with drug addict , lunatic , skinhead ... it 's no man 's land . Andy 's about to protest when leduc step in and hand he uncle terrence 's leather bag . leduc here . marcel you uncle be carry this . the key to he apartment be in there . I talk to he assistant , Madame flocquet . you will be stay there a while ? andy yeah . I guess so . ( they walk he to the elevator ) do he say anything ? before the coma ? marcel just the name of this hospital , St. Severin . he repeat it a few time then he lose consciousness . andy why would he pick this one ? marcel I do not know . there be other much closer . he be religious ? andy not that I know . marcel well , when you be about to pop off , what have you get to lose ? thanks for you help . Andy 's dumfounded at marcel 's lack of tact . the elevator door start to close . leduc nod " good -bye " . marcel lean in and sneak in one last comment . marcel and remember Andy , let 's be careful out there . heh -heh ... ouch ! the elevator door knock he on the head as they close . Andy shake he head . andy ( to himself ) Inspector clouseau , on the case . great . CUT to : ext . terrence's apartment build - night Andy open the gate of this beautiful 19th century building and walk through the courtyard to the main entrance . a poodle yap at he . the dog be in the open doorway of the concierge 's apartment , which open into the courtyard . the nosy concierge , madame chretien call the dog , lulu , back in and shut the door . Andy enter the dark lobby , find the time auto shut - off light switch and turn it on . he board the old fashioned wire cage elevator and press the button for # 4 . McDermott . the elevator ascend painstakingly slowly . Andy resign himself to wait , thumb through he uncle 's date book . Andy turn to the day uncle terrence be attack . a circle , cryptic entry at the bottom of the page read " meet Claude , Medusa - 11:00 " . Andy wrinkle he brow . at this second , the light go out . Andy ascend the rest of the way in darkness . the door open on the fourth floor . he get out and find he way to the apartment . he try a key in the lock . it will not turn . he jiggle it . no luck . he go through this with two more key , grumble under he breath . finally he find the right one . he push the door open and gasp . he 's face to face with a scary tribal mask hang in the entrance way . it startles he for a second . andy this must be the place . int . terrence's apartment Andy walk in and set down he bag . a gun cock . a young woman 's voice scream at he in french . young woman ( in french ) who be you !? what do you want !? he turn to see serafine , a beautiful young woman , around 22 , casually dress and aim a pistol at he head . he drop the shoulder bag and reach for the ceiling . andy do not shoot ! Jesus ... uh ... je m'appelle Andy . McDermott . je suis le ... um , shit ... it dawns on she . she drop the gun to she side , embarrassed . serafine ( in English ) oh fuck , you be he nephew ... andy yeah , that 's the word . and you be ? serafine serafine flocquet . I work for you uncle . andy you ? you be Madame flocquet ? I picture a fat lady with a apron , not - I do not know - La femme nikita . serafine put the gun away in a drawer . serafine it sound like someone pick the lock . after what happen , I guess I be a little nervous . she light a cigarette . andy sure . I can follow that . serafine it 's a fuck nightmare , be not it ? andy yeah . true . the cop be not much help either . they theory be he be moonlight as a drug dealer or something . make sense to you ? serafine Police . they have they head in they asshole and they still can not find shit . andy well put . so , what exactly have uncle terrence be up to lately ? as he speak , he scan the apartment . it 's cluttere with a overwhelming assortment of anthropological oddity from around the globe , medieval illustration , molecular model , and a artsy periodic table that 's be use as a dart board . serafine he 's do a book with Professor roussel , about medieval chemistry . I be just transcribe he note onto the computer and - oh shit ! she race out of the room . Andy follow after she . int . terrence's study she run in and find the computer lock up . she smack it a few time , click the mouse , tap the keyboard . no response . serafine salot ! shitfucker ! andy ( react to she loose grasp of american slang ) what ? serafine if you leave it for more than a few minute it lock up . now I must reboot and type a dozen fuck password . he be security crazy . she flick a switch on the back of the computer , reboot it . Andy pause to look at some nearby photo of he uncle . andy I still can not get over it . the cop say it be a " maniac " , but he look like , I do not know , like he would go through a combine harvester or ... something . serafine get kind of emotional at the think ... serafine they would not let I see he . family only . I tell they , Terry be almost like a father to I , you know ? Andy react to she use of the informal " Terry " ... andy depend . be " Terry " a father like Ward cleaver or a father like Woody Allen ? a beat . she grasp he meaning . she 's offended . she start type on the computer , give he the cold shoulder . serafine you must not have know he very well . he 's not like that . andy hey , sorry if I be out of line . serafine you be . I have work to do . the publisher want the transcript by Monday . go. make yourself at home . andy Fine . my mistake . you know , I be gonna be a writer myself some day . serafine uh-huh . good for you . Andy see he 's sink . he head for the door , but something on the wall catch he eye . a small flyer on the bulletin board with a big draw of Medusa . he take it down . andy Medusa ... what 's this ? some kind of club ? serafine it 's nothing . a stupid party . not really a night club , it 's , uh ... andy like a underground club ? serafine yes . it 's a bad place . weird people . strange thing go on . andy and who 's Claude ? serafine look at he hard , question . andy I look through my uncle 's date book . writer 's curiosity . she point to a paperback on the desk . it 's french , with a psychedelic cover depict a man , half King Louis xiv , half witch doctor . the title , ( in french ) " History Inside out - psychic illumination through the Ages " by Dr. Claude roussel . a picture on the back show a academic look Claude in a tweed jacket , with gray hair . serafine Professor Claude rousel . the one you uncle be work with . he teach cultural history . andy in a underground club ? I would like to see that . he shove the book in he back pocket . serafine 's emphatic . serafine I be serious . there 's nothing for you down there . it 's dangerous . andy come on . I be from New York - the " shoot I " state . do not wait up . he start for the door , she spin he around by the sleeve . serafine ( suddenly quite angry ) what good can you do ? why be you be so fuck stupid ? andy ( get fire up ) maybe I do not know he like you do . but he 's my uncle . and I owe it to he to get some answer . it 's a quest like , uh , hemingway , the Old man and the Sea . except instead of a old man I be a young man , and instead of the sea , it 's a bunch of tunnel under Paris . and instead of a big fish it 's ... who know ? that 's what I be go to find out . au revoir . he walk out of the office . she call after he . serafine you be a fuck lunatic ! the front door slam . she look after he , incredulous . serafine ( french ) God damned Americans . CUT to : ext . rue d'enfer - night a medusa head be carve in the stone above the doorway of a crumble old facade in a rundown parisian neighborhood . Andy try the front door . it 's lock . there 's no sound or sign of life . andy ( to himself ) some party . Andy start off , then pause as three party goer approach the door . they be " modern-primitive " - tribal tattoo , pierce nose , and weird bead hair . one fish a key from the Medusa 's mouth , open the door , and let the group in . Andy slip in behind they . one guy in the group look Andy over and mutter something in french to he friend . they snigger amongst themselves and walk to a door across the foyer . Andy follow , a few pace behind , through the door , down some stair , into a dilapidated basement lit with a few candle . they walk past a old boiler , through another door , into a narrow stone spiral staircase they proceed down the ancient stairway , also light only by the occasional candle place on the step . they reach the bottom of the step and enter a dark , drippy stone tunnel , still light by candle . some rat scurry away through the puddle under Andy 's foot . candle lead the way through the maze of intersect tunnel . some graffiti scratch in the wall catch Andy 's eye : " Jean philippe 1803 " . he pause to look at it for and lose the group ahead of he . he follow the candle on he own , turn right , leave , and leave again . a loud , muffle bass beat get louder . he round the corner into the wild underground party space in a open cavern , light with torch and strobe light . two hundred people be gyrate to eerie techno-tribal dance music . it 's a weird crowd , mostly young modern primitive pierce and grungy raver , many wear day - glo tribal face paint . cluster of sullen , militant skinhead hang around the periphery . a attractive , bliss - out waif approach Andy with a paintbrush and a jar of day - glo face paint and a brush . she go to paint Andy 's face . he stop she . andy that 's alright . I will be a cowboy . she smile and push he hand down . he shrug and let she paint two day - glow red stripe on he cheek . andy alright . Fine ... ( with mock enthusiasm ) ooh . I can feel it tingling . Andy sniff and make a face - the paint have a weird smell . andy phew . what 's in this stuff , liquid plumber ? ( he pull the book out of he pocket and show she Claude 's picture ) do you know this guy ? Claude ? waif ah oui , le professeur . La bas . she point to a dark alcove off the main cavern . Andy nod and start off . we move in on a leather clad young man lean against the wall , watch Andy go . this be gaston dufaux , a self - style parisian thug , who seem to be cultivate a sort of " mickey rourke " look . he take a drag from he cigarette and we see he 's miss two finger . Andy make he way through the crowd . people be dance with wild abandon , and many carry torch . a skinny guy in a diaper and a paper mache skull mask run through the crowd , ranting and spraying fluorescent silly string . he do a weird dance around Andy and jabber at he in french . andy uh , lemme get back to ya on that . Andy approach the side room and peer in . a small group of young people be listen intently to claude , whose back be to we . he 's expound about something in a solemn tone . claude ( french , to group ) ... how ironic . a man who dedicated he life to open the door of the mind now lie trap behind they . lock behind a door without a key . we follow Andy as he step around the crowd and see Claude 's face . he look older than in the photo - he 's in he late fifty , with white hair and intense eye . andy excusez moi , I ... Claude notice the book in Andy 's hand . he speak fluent English . claude I be sorry my friend , I be not signing book right now . there 's be a tragedy . andy I know . I be Andy McDermott . terrence 's nephew . Claude be take by surprise . claude my God , I be sorry . but how do you find you way down here ? wait , let 's go talk ... he excuse himself from he " flock " and lead Andy to a quiet corner of the room . the kid disperse , several look sympathetically at Andy . claude it 's horrible . terrence be one of the most brilliant man I have know . andy yeah , well , why do he hang out here ? the cop say it 's dangerous - claude the cop . it 's they backward law that force all this underground in the first place , endangering people whose only crime be push the limit of perception , explore new state of psychic awareness . they be suddenly douse with day - glo silly string as the gibber idiot in the diaper pop in to deliver a rant at they . guy in diaper ( french ) the moon be bleed ! prepare for the downpour ! he duck back out . Andy pick the silly string out of he hair . andy psychic awareness . right . claude you think it 's silly . but do you realize that young man be actually in a deep sleep ? andy what ? claude he 's on a new drug call zbh , or " daydream " . it allow the user to be fully alert and mobile while he 's dream . he be literally conscious and unconscious at the same time . andy yeah well , that 's like really groovy and everything , but who hack my uncle 's leg off ? Claude frown . he look grave . claude Andy ... andy yeah ? claude terrence and I come down here to do serious work . for century this tunnel have be home to subculture mainstream society would not tolerate . he gesture to the main cavern , where people be far go into various state ... some in a trance , some gyrate lustily to the eerily hypnotic music . we intercut with this image as Claude speak . claude this people carry on tradition dating back to pagan time - the ancient quest for expand consciousness . at the same time they be pioneer a chemical revolution , powerful state - of - the - art compound ... but you know what I mean .... ( he gesture to Andy 's face paint ) a year ago who would have dream of topically apply hallucinogen like tmd ? except Terry of course ... Andy 's eye widen with comprehension . he touch he face . andy what !? hallucinogen ? oh shit ... he rub the face paint off with he shirt sleeve . claude you do not know ? but then why do you ... well , do not worry . it 's relatively mild . andy yeah , well if I claw my face off , just pack it in ice , okay ? Jesus ... the cop be probably right . my uncle be mess up with a bunch of fry brain and they go berserk on he . Claude lower he voice . he look grim . claude no ... we stumble on something else down here Andy . something horrible , almost unbelievable . but very real . it 's be go on for century , though most people would not believe it , or would not want to ... Andy 's somewhere between spook and incredulous . he glance at the book in he hand . andy wait a second , be you like the Steven King of France or something ... serafine ( o.s. ) Andy ! Andy turn and see serafine run up to he . she look worried . andy so you come after all . just in time , it 's get interesting . serafine you must get out of here . it 's not safe . she grab he by the arm . he resist . andy not you too - claude ( check he watch ) my God ! serafine 's right . it 's time to go . we will talk soon . serafine bon nuit Claude . ( to Andy ) come on . Claude dash off . serafine drag Andy into the main cavern . andy hey , chill out a second ! she lead he across the cavern towards the entrance . Andy stop short and pull away from she . it 's not easy - she have a strong grip . andy alright , hold on . I be not gonna get drag around like some kid in a shopping mall . I want you to answer some question . serafine see something over Andy 's shoulder . serafine merde . I know I should not have come here . Andy turn to see gaston approach . he leer at serafine . gaston ( french ) serafine , mon cher . I hear you boss look great in cut-off . serafine ( french ) get the fuck away from I , gaston . gaston ( french ) first you tell I where the adm be , eh ? he put he hand on she shoulder . Andy notice the miss finger . serafine ( french ) fuck you . she shove he hand away and pull Andy past he . gaston grab she and spin she around . this time Andy grab gaston 's hand and pull it off she . he hold up gaston 's three finger hand and glare at he . andy well , this explain the two finger they find in liberace 's asshole . gaston jerk he hand away . he stab he finger in Andy 's chest . gaston in Paris we have a expression for people like you : enculé d' americain . andy yeah ? in New York we get a expression too . go like this ... crack ! Andy haul off and belt gaston in the jaw as hard as he can . but gaston do not even lose he foot . he sneer with rage and hit Andy with a vicious combination . his glass fly off as he reel into the crowd , knock a few people into a group of nearby skinhead . the skinhead erupt into randomly direct violence - a full fledge brawl break out . it 's chaos . on the floor , Andy squirm away from the skinhead and retrieve he glass . he hear serafine call he name . he get up amidst the mayhem and see serafine be carry away by the crowd . andy serafine ! someone knock into Andy and he fall to the ground . he get back on he foot - serafine 's nowhere in sight . he push he way through the crowd , look for she . he catch sight of she white dress in a distant corner . it 's there for a second and then go again - apparently into a tunnel . he run over to it . Andy peer into the tunnel , which house some old pipe . it fade quickly into darkness . he grab a kerosene torch from the wall and run into the tunnel . about a hundred yard in he pass a alcove . he lean in with he torch and peer around . the cave like room be empty but something catch Andy 's eye . scratch into the stone wall , amidst various graffiti , be a pentagram . it look to be century old . Andy 's transfix by it . the sound of he own breathe suddenly become deafen and he vision begin to distort : the texture of the stone wall begin to churn and crawl , and the flame from he torch melt into different hue . the pentagram glow and seem to grow out of the wall ... the hallucinatory flash be over as fast as it begin . pant , stunne , Andy shake it off . he wipe he face , check for trace of paint . he try to reassure himself . andy whoa. c'mon . a woman 's scream echoe through the tunnel . he run towards it . andy serafine !? another scream - anguish , torture . Andy run faster . he arrive at a intersection with another tunnel , turn the corner and find ... a decrepit old wino hogging a bottle from he warty hag companion , provoking she to scream like she just lose she only son . they look up at Andy . the hag shut up . they fix Andy with a odd stare . andy sorry ... I , uh , do you see a girl , la femme , um , avec , la dress blanc ? they just stare at he . spook , he walk past they . they follow he with they creepy stare as he continue into the tunnel , which slope downhill . he come to a old stairway lead down into darkness . water pour out of a hole in the ceiling . the step be severely erode and slick with flow water and moss . Andy see something . it 's serafine's shoe , lay on a landing a few yard down the stair . he lean in further , lose he foot and slip . andy ahh ! Son of a bitch ! he shoot down the stair on he back , past the shoe which lie at the mouth of a intersect tunnel . his glass come off . the torch go out . he stop at the bottom of the stair on a gravel surface . he wince a bit as he sit up . it 's too dark to make much out . he feel around the gravel , find he glass - they be shattered . he scowl . he stand up and walk ahead , feel he way along the slick wall , peer into the darkness . andy serafine !? the echo sound different - like he 's in a larger space . the echo decay into a familiar low rumble . a reflection of light appear in a puddle on the floor . the light get brighter until Andy see the subway track at he foot . the rumble get suddenly louder as metro train barrel around the corner , flooding the tunnel with light and close on Andy fast . andy oh shit ! he turn and run for the stairway . he skid on the gravel and overshoot it . he scramble back and up into it just as the train whoosh past . Andy scurries a few foot up the slick step , use a rusty pipe for a handhold . as he look back at the sparking , rushing train wheel , he heart pound in he head , he have another hallucinatory -flash : the spark explode into streaking pattern of color and light . it pass quickly . the train go by and its rumble fade . Andy squeeze he temple and take a deep breath . before he finish exhaling , a unearthly howl echoe through the tunnel . the howl literally take he breath away - he 's freeze there , eye wide , not breathe for a long moment . quietly , carefully , he make he way back up the dark , wet stair . he come to the landing , pick up serafine 's shoe , and step into the intersecting tunnel . he squint into the darkness . without he glass , andy'' Pov be a bit blurry . he walk into the tunnel . another howl . Andy swallow hard . andy Jesus Christ ... he hurry along . water drip from the tunnel ceiling , down the wall , onto the cobblestone floor , flow into rivulet around Andy 's foot and join a stream that flow ahead of he , disappear into the blackness ahead . he approach another intersection . he stumble over something . he look down and make out a girl bare leg lie in a puddle in the dark intersect tunnel . he follow the leg up with he eye - it 's messily severe above the knee . he gasp . he look further into the tunnel and see a pair of glowing yellow eye stare back at he out of the darkness . Andy turn and run . with a horrible roar , the eye lunge after he and turn the corner . as it gain on Andy , we see the dim outline of the massive wolf - like beast . Andy dive for a SMALL conduit , barely big enough for he body , and wriggle into it . behind he the yellow eye appear at the mouth of the conduit - the beast snarl but can not fit in . Andy can see a dim light at the end of the conduit . he crawl along . he emerge into another tunnel . some thirty yard away , light and street noise come through a grate on the ceiling of a antechamber beyond a iron gate . relieved , Andy start off towards it . a snarl stop he in he track . the beast come tear around a corner fifty yard behind he . Andy break into a sprint towards the antechamber . he slip on the wet floor and land in a puddle , drench himself . the beast close in . Andy get up , run into the antechamber and slam the iron gate shut . there 's a rusty deadbolt lock on the gate , but no key . the beast be twenty five yard away and close fast - it 's massive silhouette fill the diameter of the tunnel . Andy whip out he swiss army knife , open the screw driver and try it in the old - fashioned keyhole - it do not work . the beast be twenty foot away . Andy try the can opener - no luck . ten foot . Andy jam the corkscrew into the hole . the beast leap . the corkscrew turn . the deadbolt slide . slam !! the beast ram the gate , shaking the anteroom . but it hold . flashes of claw and teeth thrash through the bar , but it 's still too dark to make the beast out clearly . Andy run across the anteroom , grab the steel sewer grate on the ceiling , and hoist himself up . through the bar , he see a busy boulevard in the pigalle ( the " Times Square " of Paris ) . there 's a cop a few pace away . Andy scream to he . andy help ! officer ! on the boulevard - over the roar of traffic and midnight reveler , the cop can barely pinpoint Andy 's scream . he look around , confuse . he see Andy and angrily shake he baton at he . cop ( french ) hey ! you should not be down there ! andy for god' sake , let I out !! the beast slam the gate , wrenching one of the iron bar loose - two more bar and it will fit through . Andy jump down , pick up the loose bar . it 's get a STAR shape spear tip . he rush at the gate and jam the spear through the gate , aim for the thrashing tooth and eye in the darkness . the beast duck and the spear sink a couple of inch into the back of it's neck and stop , apparently on bone . it recoil and roar with pain , shaking the spear free . on the STREET - the cop rap the bar with he nightstick and peer into the dark anteroom . cop ( in french ) you be not allow down there ! in the anteroom - the beast ram the gate - it 's rage redouble . Andy jump up and grab the grate . andy get I the fuck out of here !! on the STREET cop ( french ) " fuck " ? you think I do not know this word " fuck " ? be that how you talk to policeman in America ? enrage , the cop run to he car , mutter to himself . he open the trunk and rummages around for something . in the anteroom - the beast knock another bar off the gate . Andy watch in horror as it ram even harder , loosen the next bar . andy ( to the cop ) fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! on the STREET - the cop look over at Andy , incense . he take a crowbar from the trunk , run back cussing in french , and struggle with the grate . in the anteroom - the next bar on the gate give . the beast stick its head through the gap and focus it 's searing yellow eye on Andy . it rear back , ready to pounce ... the grate - come up . the cop grab Andy and pull ... in the anteroom - Andy 's leg dangle like bait . the beast lunge , tooth and claw bare . on the STREET - Andy scream as a bus roar by . the cop pull he up and out . Andy 's right pants leg be tear open and he 's bleed from a gouge in he ankle . cop ( french ) okay , what the hell be you up to ? andy it bit I ! my leg ! Jesus , it 's down there , shoot it ! shoot it for Christ 's sake ! he point frantically at the open hole . the cop aim he flashlight in the hole . it 's empty . he look Andy up and down . cop ( french ) you passport . shake , Andy take he passport out of he pocket . the cop take it and copy some information . Andy rave at he - a blur of English and break french . andy there 's something down there ! a bear or something ! a god damn monster ! Beau coup tooth ! huge , Grande , with yellow eye , all this hair , it kill serafine ! my God ... cop you on drug ? huh ? andy ( he falter ) no ... I ... he look disorient , half -craze . he definitely seem like he 's on drug . the cop shine he flashlight in Andy 's eye - he pupil be like saucer . andy'' Pov the cop 's flashlight spark another hallucinatory flash . the cop face melt like liquid , sound swirl together , the garish neon sign of the pigalle explode into streaking color and we burn into white . CUT to : ext . terrence's apartment build the cop car pull to a stop . the cop get out , open the back door , and pull Andy out . he push Andy towards the building . cop ( french ) stay off the street . the cop get in the car and drive away . Andy stagger to the gate in a daze and fumble with the key . int . apartment build Andy walk up to the apartment door . disorient and shaking , he manage to open the door and walk in . he lock the door , and switch on the light . he look out the small peephole . no sign of anyone or anything . he lean back against the door and rub he hand across he face . andy oh god . je suis seriously mess up ... there 's a dripping sound come from the kitchen . Andy look across the live room into the dark kitchen . the drip continue . he step forward cautiously . suddenly he feel something and look down sharply . uncle terrence , bloody stump and all , be clutching Andy 's leg and look up at he desperately . he 's try to speak but can not seem to make a sound . blood from he wound soak the white bear rug beneath they . Andy 's terror strike , he try to jump away but fall backwards to the floor . terrence crawl up and get close to Andy 's face . he croak out two word in a rasp - terrence Saint Severin ... int . terrence's hospital room - same time the ekg monitor show a flatline . alarm be beeping . terrence 's body lie motionless under the oxygen tent . a doctor and a nurse rush to the bed . the nurse rip the oxygen tent away and the doctor slam he fist down on terrence 's chest . the ekg show 's a tentative blip . the doctor slam again . a erratic heart beat start back up on the ekg . int . terrence's apartment - same time Andy lie pass out on the floor . terrence be go , and the rug be free from blood . fade to black : int . leduc' office - day marcel sit next to the patrol cop , perotin , who rescue Andy . they be hysterical with laughter . even leduc , sit behind he desk , be chuckle . leduc ( french ) what else do he say ? perotin ( french ) yellow eye ... big tooth ... ( he can barely choke out the word between laugh ) cover with hair ! ha-ha-ha ! perotin playfully growl at marcel . they laugh even harder . leduc ( french ) okay perotin . you can go . perotin nod , still laugh . marcel walk he to the door . before he step out , perotin bare he tooth , growl again , and crack up some more . marcel , laugh , clap he on the back and shut the door - then he and leduc go instantly stone face . they look at each other gravely . leduc ( french ) well ? marcel ( grim ) okay . so maybe you be right . leduc hmmph . at least now there 's one person around here who do not think I be crazy . leduc walk to a map of Paris on the wall cover with color push pin . he stick a blue pin in it . he point to a green pin on another part of the map . leduc ( french ) twelve thirty - six a.m. here . twelve forty a.m. here . there 's two of they . at least . marcel merde . leduc look at he calendar . four day be circle in red ink . leduc ( french ) two more night in this lunar cycle . marcel double merde . leduc open a tall cabinet , revealing a bookshelf stuff with dusty tome . he browse past dozen of title about black magic and demonology . leduc you better follow that McDermott kid . he 's go to wind up like he uncle if he 's not careful . marcel right . Little twerp think he 's Colombo . leduc select a old book and hand it to marcel . leduc and do some research , will you ? marcel take the book . he inspect the cover ( it 's in french ) - " Werewolves through the Ages : from St. Severin to the present " . marcel ( confuse ) Saint Severin ... leduc you never hear the story of Saint Severin drive the werewolve from Paris ? marcel you think that 's what McDermott be rave about in the ambulance ? leduc what , you think everyone 's as ignorant as you ? marcel consider this . marcel pretty much . leduc grunt , exasperate . marcel Inspector , you be not exactly typical . I mean c'mon ... ( hold up book ) this thing be not sit on a lot of coffee table . CUT to : int . terrence's apt . - late morning the same old book , sit on the coffee table . the page be stuff with notepaper place marker , many cover with scribbling , and chemical notation . in the background , on the floor , be Andy - fast asleep and snore where he collapse the night before . we hear a key in the lock . the door open , smack Andy in the head once , twice . andy aoww ! hey ! what the hell ...? he grab the door so it can not hit he again . serafine poke she head around and see he . she 's surprised , relieved , elate . Andy 's reaction be more disorient , stunne . serafine Andy ! Holy shit ! andy serafine ...? she kneel beside he and help he sit up . serafine thank God ! what a relief ! I think ... after you disappear ... I could not find you ... I think all sort of horrible thing ... andy yeah ... ditto . I see , er , I think I see you get munched ... like uncle terrence ... he look over at the clean bear rug . Andy rise to he foot groggily . he look down at the rip in he pant leg . he feel the tear fabric , try to remember . serafine what happen ? do you cut yourself ? andy um ... sort of ... maybe ... it 's all kind of blurry . we meet at the club , then ... damn , that be some weird shit . he go over to the window and part the curtain . it 's a brilliant sunny day . serafine that be fuck stupid , go down there . you could have be kill . I try to warn you , but you do not listen . just like you uncle . Andy 's only half listen . he open the window , and inhale deeply . across the court yard , a matronly woman lean out a window , hang she laundry . in the courtyard , lulu the obnoxious poodle yap at another resident , and Madame chretien call she back . Andy 's head be clear . his mood lift . serafine you have to be a hero . all Americans think they be cowboy . andy ( lean out window ) I be a indian , actually . man , that damn psycho paint ...! if that 's suppose to be mild , I do not want to know about medium . ( he look at the woman and smile , the sun on he face . to himself : ) the planet earth . it 's good to be back . serafine so ... you feel okay now ? he turn around and smile at she . andy yeah . actually , I feel fan-fuck - tastic . serafine laugh . she have not hear this expression before . he approach she . serafine fan-fuck -tastic ? andy hey , what more could I want ? I survive my first and last hallucinogenic hellride , and neither of we be dead . I would say I feel almost as great as you look . he make a grab for she , and she push he away . serafine hey ! calm down . he jump up on the sofa , unable to contain he energy . andy come on serafine . let 's go out . show I the real Paris , the part that be not overpriced and overrun with german tourist . serafine go to Jim morrison 's grave at pere lachaise . it 's overrun with american tourist . I have to work . andy I know ! let 's go hock loogy off the eiffel Tower ! she dig in she pocket and hand he some coin . serafine here . you go . " hock some loogy " for I . she turn and head off to the office . he run in front of she and block she path . andy what about food ? even beautiful woman have to eat . it 's true . I read it . please ? a half a hour ? ( pause . he see she 's tempt ) my treat ? ( she 's smile . he resort to begging ) pleez ! do not make go out there alone again ! I be begging you ! serafine okay . but I be back in half a hour . Andy clap he hand together in triumph and scramble to hold open the door for she . serafine what about you glass ? andy it 's okay . I can see fine . she gesture to he filthy clothes . serafine do not you want to change ? andy man ! we first date and already you be try to get I to change ! you french woman work quick ! she smile and push he back in the apartment . CUT to : ext . paris boulevard - day jerry lewis on a tv screen , dub with a zany french voice , undergoe a radical physical transformation in " the nutty Professor " . pull back to reveal Andy and serafine watch this scene on a dozen or so tv 's in a store window display . several parisian pedestrian watch Jerry with reverence . andy now this be Paris ! on screen , the nutty Professor 's alter ego , " buddy Love " launch into he swinging version of " that Old Black Magic " . to this accompaniment , we cut the follow - paris montage : - at a brasserie : Andy be about to escort serafine into the trendy eatery , but she stop he at the door and point to the menu , or more specifically the price . he make a horrify face , and they move on . - in a boulangerie : serafine busy cheese , Andy busy meat - the counterman show Andy how big a slice off the pate loaf he 's about to cut . Andy nod " yes " . the counterman cut it and offer the slice . Andy shake he head " no " and point to the much larger remainder of the loaf . - at a outdoor market : detective marcel , wear a lame " disguise " ( new wave sunglass ala " diva " ) , watch Andy and serafine shop from a distance . - in a patisserie : Andy point to a large baguette , say something suggestive and wink boastfully at serafine . she give he a " yeah , right " look and point at a small breadstick . - in a wine store : Andy look at each bottle closely , then " test " it by shaking vigorously . serafine 's amused . the owner 's baffle . - on the right bank : arm full of grocery , Andy and serafine pass the row of outdoor pet store near the river . Andy look longingly at the live duck in they cage . serafine pull he along . music fade out . ext . ile saint louis - sunset Andy and serafine sit on the river bank face a magnificent Paris vista . serafine unpack the food . serafine shit ! you buy enough pate for a fuck army ! andy so tell I , exactly which truck driver do you study English with ? she laugh and push he playfully . andy like I should talk . monsieur foot - in - the-mouth . I be really sorry about that whole Woody Allen thing ... serafine so 's Woody Allen . ( Andy laugh . she start uncork the wine . ) no , you uncle really help I . I be sort of mess up for a while . wasting my time just party and ... just stupid shit . he kind of wake I up , give I a job , get I take class . ( she uncork the wine and fill they plastic cup ) you know , he and Claude , they work be controversial , but they be serious about it . totally dedicated . andy that 's what count . if you be not passionate about it , do not waste you time . that 's why I quit college ... plus I be a lazy bastard . ( they raise they cup . Andy tap he forehead . ) wait , I know this ... a votre sante . serafine a la votre . they " clink " and drink . he notice she keychain lie on the ground . it 's a miniature replica of rodin 's famous sculpture , " the kiss " . he pick it up . andy this look familiar ... serafine ahh , rodin . mmm ! he 's the fuc- ( she catch herself and laugh ) I mean , he 's the best . you must go to the rodin sculpture garden , in the huitieme , it 's so beautiful . she gesture across the river . Andy look at the gorgeous panorama . andy yeah , I gotta admit , you french be pretty good at beautiful . he look at serafine . she look back at he . he hold up " the kiss " . andy I bet you be pretty good at this too . she smile playfully . serafine what , sculpting ? he shake he head " no " and move towards she . they kiss tenderly . they separate and share a deep , passionate look . they kiss again , hungrily , fall into a passionate embrace . they be really go for it . her nail dig into he back . he pull she body into he until they look like one form - just like rodin 's sculpture . applause and cheer break the moment . a tourist boat be glide by on the seine , it 's elderly passengers applaud the young couple . serafine pull away , blush a little , and turn to the boat . andy do not even notice the boat . he 's stare at Sera fine with a scary kind of intensity . she start to say something but he start kissing she again , cut she off . suddenly he 's out of control , paw at she ... it take a effort for she to pull back from he . serafine hey , calm down a second ... she look into he eye and freeze with fear . he stare be terrifying , totally predatory , inhuman . something 's ignite in he . she push he away and shake he . serafine what 's wrong with you !? Andy blink and seem to come a couple of step back to normality . andy what ? be not I a good kisser ? what 's the matter ? she fix he with a heavy , suspicious stare . she glance down at he ankle , where the bottom of he wound be visible . she seem to understand something . she fumble in she purse , take out a compact mirror , and check she face . serafine God , look at my lipstick . look , I be go to run into the bathroom at that cafe . stay here and watch the stuff , okay ? she get up and start off . he look after she . andy serafine ... serafine I will be right back . stay put . she run up the step to street level . Andy watch she go . he turn back to he glass of wine and chug it . he put the bottle to he lip and take a long belt . he pick up the big block of pate and bite into it like a piece of cake . he like it . he take another huge bite . he look after serafine . he get up . int . cafe serafine put she " telecarte " into the pay phone and dial . she look anxious , upset . we hear the phone ringing at the other end . behind she , Andy come into the cafe . he walk up to she , piss off . andy fix you makeup with a phone , huh ? who the fuck be you call ? serafine Professor roussel . there 's something wrong with you . I know it . andy roussel ? you mean Claude ? you be call Dr. demento so he can come paint my face again ? fuck that . Andy start back away . serafine Andy , stop ! I think he can help you - ( Claude pick up ) claude ( v.o. ) allo ? andy what , you think you be gonna catch fuck leprosy from I ? fuck that shit ! if I be not good enough for you I will find someone else ! he turn and storm out of the cafe . serafine 's flustered . serafine Andy ! claude ( v.o. ) ( french ) serafine ? be that you ? what 's go on ? serafine ( french ) Claude , it 's Andy , he 's act really weird , I think something happen last night ... claude ( v.o. ) God , well do not let he go ! catch he ! she drop the phone and run out of the cafe . on the sidewalk , she look in all direction . nothing . Andy 's go . serafine fuck ! int . claude' office - same time Claude 's sit at he desk , phone to he ear . the room be stuff with book . claude serafine ? allo ? he hang up . he stroke he chin and furrow he brow , sink deep into think . CUT to : ext . street of paris - night Music cue : " Wolf call " by elvis presley . Andy pay for a crepe at one of the roadside stand , and eat it as he walk along the narrow sidewalk , still brood about serafine . he stop to gawk at the pretty girl that pass by , and bump into a young french tough with a rottweiler . french tough idiot ! andy ah , bite I ! he glare at the tough and he growl dog . the dog suddenly shrink back in fear and decide it 's time to leave . he pull he owner along . Andy continue on he way . he ditch the half finish crepe . that 's not what he 's hungry for . Andy come upon a trendy little cafe with several table of diner eat in the open air . Andy notice a attractive young blond sit alone , thumbing through a " let 's go " guide . this be amy singleton . Andy approach confidently . andy ahem . do you know that , accord to the " let 's go " code of conduct , whenever two Americans meet in Paris , the one with the sexiest smile have to buy dinner ? Amy smile . she be indeed sexy , with remarkable , sparkling blue eye . andy damn ! you win !... waiter ! garcon ! he jump into the seat across from she . amy actually , I be wait for someone . andy what a coincidence , I be someone ! ( sniff ) mmm. calvin klein 's obsession . now it 's mine too . she laugh . the waiter arrive to take they order . Andy hand he the empty half bottle of wine from Amy 's table . andy hi. another , bigger bottle for this ravish blue eye goddess and myself . and , avez vous le Steak tartar ? CUT to : int . terrence's apartment build hallway - same time serafine unlock the door and enter the apartment . she 's stop cold by what she see . the place have be totally ransacke - drawer open , shelf clear , furniture overturn , the work . the window be open . serafine merde ! salot ! she walk across the room , kick at the debris in she path . she stand in the middle of the mess , absolutely furious . serafine aaaaah ! ext . STREET - continuous across the street from the apartment building , gaston pause to light a cigarette . he hear serafine 's distant scream , look towards the building , and walk away . CUT to : ext . cafe - night Three successive table of upscale parisian diner be gawk at something . at one table , Inspector marcel hide behind he menu , and shake he head in disdain . we follow they glance to Andy , greedily lick the last bit of Steak tartar off he plate . Amy giggle in amazement as she pour the last from the bottle of wine . she 's a bit drunk - enough to be amused by Andy 's antic . amy God . how can you eat like that ? andy it 's all in the tongue . another bottle ? Amy laugh and nod " yes " . jean - luc , 25 , a well dress , powerfully build frenchman enter . he kiss Amy on both cheek , all the while watch Andy uneasily . amy Jean -luc . you be kinda late sweetie . jean -luc I be busy . be this a friend of yours ? amy well , yeah , kinda ' , but - andy we be so much more than friend . we be soul mate , sex slave , pen pal , the whole nine yard . well , nine yard be a slight exaggeration , but believe I , for a white boy , I get nothing to be ashamed of . Amy laugh in mid gulp and wine come through she nose . Andy look at jean-luc , who be - of course - pretty steam . andy hey , I be kid ... it 's a joke ! here , maybe if I say it in metric . Jean -luc grab Andy by the collar and pull he to he foot . jean-luc think you be smart , huh ? Amy try to intervene . amy Jean -luc , do not be a jerk . she try to pull he hand off Andy , but Jean - luc send she reeling back with a firm shove . andy hey , look man , she - jean-luc bring he hand back and slap Andy in the mouth . jean -luc shut up . why be you Americans always so loud ? andy I do not know . maybe it 's so we can drow out the sound of you mother fuck the navy ? Jean -luc take a swing at Andy . with amazing reflex , he dodge it deftly . Jean - luc jab - again Andy avoid it easily . he smile , impressed with himself . Jean - luc be incense . he go for Andy 's throat , but Andy catch he by the arm and , with superhuman strength , flip he head over heel , through the air and - smash ! - onto a nearby table . Andy casually lean past the semi-conscious jean-luc and pluck a champagne bottle out of its ice bucket . the waiter be about to object , but think better of it . Andy take Amy by the arm , she grab the red wine bottle , and they start off away from the cafe . amy wow . you know kung fu or something ? andy ( amaze at himself ) yeah . apparently . in the background , marcel hurry to pay he tab and follow they . he slip on some of the break glassware spill by jean-luc 's fall , and almost go for a tumble himself . further down the STREET Amy and Andy walk together . she 's still giddy . amy ha ha . you be probably right about he mom . andy hope I do not hurt he too bad . amy who give a shit ? I have have it up to here with arrogant frenchmen . andy up to there ? really ? I bet I could beat that . amy ha ha ! yeah right , white boy ! ha ha ha. ( she hiccup ) I think maybe I drank too much . andy ah . the mate call of the blonde . the night be young , the moon be bright , whataya feel like do tonight ? amy I do not know ... surprise I . he think a moment , then put he arm around she and whisper in she ear . she squeal with delight . amy be you kid ?! I love Jim morrison !! Inspector marcel , who 's eavesdropp from around a nearby corner , roll he eye to heaven . oh brother . the Doors ' " backdoor man " kick loud as we CUT to : ext . pere lachaise - night marcel be hide behind a grave , spying . his passion for police work have be reborn , judge from he rapt , totally absorb stare . he 's watch ... andy and amy have extremely hot and primal sex on Jim morrison 's grave , light by dozen of flicker candle people have " leave for Jim " . he pour red wine into they mouth . sweat and wine drip off they naked body . the sex heat up to a intense , scream climax . Amy squeal with ecstasy . amy my God ! you be a animal ! but Andy 's still accelerate - transport to another plane . sweat pour from he brow . his face contort with each groan , but now it 's hard to tell if it 's from pleasure or pain . his body jerk violently and he skin suddenly blushes bright red . Amy wince . amy ahh ! Jesus ! you be burn hot ! what the hell - andy ahhhhhhh ! marcel be a little disconcert . marcel ( french , to himself ) alright already , you pass the audition for God 's sake . Andy 's skin literally glow red , turn he sweat to steam . he leap off Amy and disappear into the sprawling cemetery , scream in agony . Amy watch he go . amy hey , where be you go !? marcel start off after Andy , take the wide route around Amy . Andy 's scream echoe through the cemetery . Amy pull she dress on . amy creep . andy red hot ( literally ) , weave through the tomb , scream . he come to a small courtyard with a ornate fountain . he dive into the brackish water . Cloud of steam rise off the water as he thrashes about under the marble goddess in the center of the fountain . amy search through the graveyard . she 's get Andy 's clothes . amy I do not know what 's wrong with you , man , but I get you pants , so we better talk . the fountain Andy 's gurgle scream be change , become less human . we catch glimpsis of body part as they surface from the churn froth - grotesque , flailing limb somewhere in mid - transformation between human and beast . marcel step cautiously through the ancient , ornate tomb and mausoleum , listen to the distant splash and sporadic inhuman scream . he draw he gun and load a cartridge . suddenly a horrible grunt and loud smash pierce the air . marcel wheel around and smack nose first into a gravestone . marcel merde ! amy in another part of the graveyard , stop in she track , listen . another smash follow by crumble , and rush water . amy ( to herself ) he 's go psycho ballistic . this be bad . Amy feel something and look down . there 's a stream of water flow around she foot . she follow it towards its source and step into the courtyard the fountain have be smashed - the stone rim crack into bit and the center statue fall to the ground . there 's no sign of Andy . Amy walk up to the fountain . amy oh my God ... she notice something on the ground . it 's the stone goddess , smashed into several piece . we hear a low growl . Amy look up , terrify . she scan the grave around the perimeter of the courtyard . she take a few tentative step backward . suddenly a massive tombstone be wrench off its base ( most of the ancient stone marker be erode and crumble - many already fall over ) . it fall like a tree , revealing the familiar pair of pierce yellow eye behind it , frame by the dim outline of a massive beast . Amy emit a odd , primitive whine . amy unnnhh ... she run away from the beast , across the courtyard and disappear into the grave . in the dense forest of tall tombstone , Amy zig and zag through narrow space , barely wide enough for she slender body to fit through . the camera crane up . high angle thirty pace behind Amy , pair of tombstone split apart like jungle vegetation , crash thunderously to the ground . the unseen beast 's path be slowed by the monument , but still follow Amy . Amy look back as she run . she see the top of tombstone fall behind she . she come to a railing at the top of a fifteen foot wall separate a lower level of the cemetery . she hang over the edge and quietly drop . she run down a path come to a intersection where six path converge . she look down each of they , but can not see the outer wall of the cemetery - just a endless landscape of grave . she sprint down a path and duck behind a large crypt . up on the higher level , the beast howl . she look up and see its silhouette sniff the air , the full moon loom behind it . she look up at the iron door on the crypt . then she reach into she purse ... the beast' Pov its heavy breath dominate the soundtrack . it scan the sprawl of grave from its perch on the hill , sniff . it lock it 's stare on the large crypt . it sniff again . with a growl , it leap over the railing ( we stay with its Pov ) and hit the ground run . it run up a twist path , close in on the crypt . it arrive at the back of the crypt and circle it , sniff . it stop in front of the door . the beast' eye narrow and glow with intense predatory focus . inside the crypt we be look at the door . crash ! it fly open , revealing the snarling beast , backlit by the moon . it lunge in and stop . the beast' Pov scan back and forth - the crypt be empty . the beast sniff again and growl with rage . amy somewhere else in the graveyard , spray a long blast of perfume into another crypt , and sneak into the endless maze of tomb . we hear the enraged beast smash into another crypt a hundred yard away . Amy come to another fountain and slip into the water , quietly rinsing herself . the beast' Pov smashes into another crypt . nothing 's inside . it back up and run to another crypt . smash ! nothing . the growl grow more furious . it crash down another door . nothing . Amy , drip wet , pad down a row of ancient family mausoleum . she pause as the beast let loose a horrible howl and topple a monument some distance away . she try the heavy iron door on a SMALL gothic mausoleum . it open . she slip inside . in the mausoleum Amy crouch under the small portal and stained glass window , which depict the virgin Mary . she struggle to quiet she breathe , and listen ... she hear only the trickle water from the nearby fountain . then ... some crackle twig ... then a sniff ... another sniff , closer . tremble , Amy quietly raise herself , peer out the portal and see marcel stand a few pace away , sniffing and try to stem the flow from he bloody nose . marcel merde ... Amy breath a sigh of relief . then - the beast spring out of the darkness behind marcel - a blur of eye , claw , and tooth - and tackle he to the ground . in the mausoleum Amy drop down to the floor , huddle in terror . a gun shot hit the stained glass above Amy 's head , shatter the Holy virgin . another gun shot follow by a roar of pain from the beast . but the pain roar quickly become vicious snarling again . there be no more shot , just horrible snarl , scream , and rip flesh . blood splatter through the portal and drip down Amy 's face . she hunker down . then , the sound of step go away , and at last ... silence . Amy wait . we hear only the fountain and another , closer dripping . it 's Amy 's wet clothes , still drip into a puddle on the floor , which be drip under the iron door , into a small stream flow on the otherwise dry stone walkway , away from the mausoleum . in the mausoleum , Amy listen a bit more . satisfied the coast be clear , she quietly turn to the iron door , grasp the handle and slowly turn it . but before it click open - rrriip !! the iron door be wrench out of Amy 's hand and off it 's hinge , revealing the beast , up close and in clear view for the first time - it 's truly awesome - a huge leer mouth full of razor sharp tooth , a hulk body build like a wolf but as massive as a bear , and vaguely humanoid paw with big hook claw . there 's a bloody flesh wound in its right shoulder . it snarl savagely at Amy . she choke out a little cry . the beast lunge . outside the mausoleum - high angle the beast 's powerful hind section stick out of the mausoleum , kick a bit as it rip into its prey . the graveyard sprawl endlessly under the big moon , which hang low in the sky . fade to black : ext . terrence's apt . build courtyard - morning we hear lulu the poodle 's bell jingling behind a bush . Madame chretein poke she head out she door and whistle for lulu . the bell keep jingling , but lulu do not come . she call its name . it still will not come . she step out into the courtyard in she bathrobe and walk towards the bush , call for the dog , annoyed as its disobedience . she look behind the bush and see - a crow pick at the scant remain of lulu , ringing the collar bell with its beak . she scream . int . terrence's apt . - same time Andy wake up in a cold sweat , naked on he uncle 's couch . the phone be ringing . he look disorient , confuse . we hear Madame chretien scream in the background . andy Jesus ... he sit up to get the phone and become dizzy - he grab he head . he reach for the phone and wince - there 's a crust over flesh wound on he right shoulder . he pick up the phone . andy hello ? serafine ( o.s. ) ( anxious , concerned ) be you okay ? andy no , I do not think so ... I be have a nightmare . wait a second ... serafine ( o.s. ) where do you go last night ? what do you do ? andy I do not ... I ... I can not remember ... serafine ( o.s. ) listen , I be come over . do not go anywhere . stay right there . she hang up . Andy be very confuse . he see the front door - it 's ajar and the door frame have be splinter where the deadbolt sit . stun , he stand up , only to double over with a wave of nausea . he cover he mouth and run stoop over to the bathroom . he lean over the toilet and vomit . after a few heave he body relax and he catch he breath . he open he eye and look down in the bowl - horror and disbelief sweep over he face as he focus on : a human eyeball stare back at he from the bloody water . the iris be a familiar shade of sparkling blue ... andy oh no ... no ... the doorbell ring . he leap up , flush the toilet and run out of the bathroom , still naked , to find himself in full view of leduc and two uniformed cop stand in the open door . one of the cop be examine the splinter door frame . leduc look to be in a even worse mood than usual . his English be rough , but firm . leduc get dress . CUT to : int . police morgue - morning we be close on a metal body drawer . a technician pull it open , revealing a severe human foot , nothing else . leduc , Andy , and the technician stand by the drawer in this dreary room . leduc never take he eye off Andy 's face . leduc you recognize she ? andy what ?! leduc look down , see the foot , and bark at the technician . leduc ( french ) that 's the wrong one ! the technician check he clipboard and try another drawer . it contain a rotting arm . leduc curse under he breath . he and the technician start open drawer at random , peek in , then slamm they shut . andy ( nervous ) you , uh , you want to tell I what this be about ? leduc ignore he , continue to open drawer . the technician appear to have find the right one at the far end . techinican Inspector ! c'est le voici . a little exasperate , leduc and Andy go over to see what the technician have find . once again , leduc give he the nod . he open the drawer to reveal amy mangle corpse it 's badly lacerate . part of she throat and midriff be miss , and she have only one eye . Andy gasp in horror . leduc we know you be with she . andy oh shit ... no ... leduc that 's not all ... ( he reach for another drawer above Amy 's ) marcel - Officer boulard be follow you . andy oh no ... no .... he pull open the drawer to reveal marcel' mangle corpse . there 's a gape hole in he midsection . leduc he be a good man . now he wife be a widow . andy ( overcome ) this be ... it 's like a sick joke , I - leduc grab Andy by the collar and slam he against the wall leduc this be not a joke ! not a dream ! this people be dead and - tap tap ... through the small window in the door he see chief picard , he superior , try to get he attention . leduc merde ... wait here . when I return you tell I about last night , huh ? andy but ... I do not remember anything , I swear ... leduc ( sternly ) I leave this open . maybe something come back to you . he leave the room . the technician leave too . Andy 's alone , stare at the corpse . through the window , he can see leduc argue loudly with he superior ... Andy try to breath deeply , calm down . he turn back to look at Amy 's corpse . suddenly , she eye - well , she eye - snap open and look straight at he ! amy thanks for the lovely evening , shithead ! andy aaaaa ! Jesus ! this be not happen . I be still hallucinate . shit ! Andy storm around in a fit of disbelief . amy you really know how to show a girl a good time , do not you ? outside the room leduc and the Chief have stop they argument briefly to watch Andy stomping around , gesture wildly . they resume they argument . chief ( french ) okay . so he 's weird . maybe on drug . still , that 's not - leduc I be tell you . it 's not drug . it 's something more . someth - chief do not give I you black magic bullshit ! Seven mutilation in forty eight hour and all you find be a scrawny american boy ? do you have a motive ? ( leduc hesitates ) do you have a weapon ? or do you want I to believe he do it with he own two hand ? leduc ( exasperate ) I tell you . this murder be not normal . the Chief roll he eye , " here we go again " style . meanwhile , inside the room Andy be still pace the room madly . amy face it boyfriend . this be really happen . andy no it be not ! you be dead ! marcel come to life and peek over the top of he drawer . marcel I be afraid she 's not so lucky . she 's undead . and so be I . andy aaaaa !!! get the fuck away from I ! marcel what be you so damn angry about ? do somebody turn into a wild beast and rip you intestine out ? huh ? amy I spend four year on stairmaster for this bod and you rip through it like a pork chop . thanks . Andy blink hard . every time he open he eye , marcel and Amy be still there , hideous as ever , stare at he . andy okay ... dead or undead ... what do you want from I ? amy a-duh ... you be a werewolf . and we , as you victim , have to walk the earth until you curse be lift . andy uh huh ... and , suppose I believe that , what could I do about it ? amy / marcel ( together ) kill yourself . amy it 's the only way . marcel it 's not so hard . I use to think about it all the time . maybe you should meet my wife . Andy bury he head in he hand . outside the room chief enough . cut he loose . leduc I can not ! at midnight tonight , he will kill again . it 's crazy ! chief be you crazy ? we have nothing . let he go , then watch he . if you be right , you can pick he up at midnight . or maybe he will lead you to the other . just let he go . the chief leave . leduc scowl . he look in at Andy , still gesticulate wildly and talk to thin air . leduc reenter the room and look at Andy bitterly . leduc you be free to go . Andy look from leduc to the drawer and back again . andy I ? leduc give he a angry stare . CUT to : ext . ile do LA cite - day Andy walk past Notre Dame , flanke by marcel and Amy . marcel hanging be nice . never go out of style . what about hare - kare - a taste of the orient ? but no ! you be in Paris ! try the guillotine ! there 's one in the Louvre ! amy I would use pill . they be painless . marcel oh give I a break ! he could use pill back in America ! why not get a little culture ? Andy stop in he track - overwhelm , desperate . andy look , I do not mean to hurt anybody ... God , I do not mean to ... to ... amy rip my face off ? hey , we all make mistake . Hell , I do not mean to sleep with you on the first night , especially without a condom . but I do , and now I be pay the price . Andy slump over , beat . Amy put she arm around he . marcel pat he on the back . they start he walk along . marcel let 's face it . it 's a , how do you say ... mother -fucker . but we be all in it together . that 's why we be try to help you . amy exactly . hooooonnnnk !! Andy look up to see a speed bus about to flatten he . Amy and marcel have lead he into traffic . he jump back and the bus just graze he . of course , it pass right through Amy and marcel . they be still stand there when it 's go . marcel merde ! just miss ! amy ( to Andy ) uhh ! would you die already ! Andy 's adrenaline be pump . there 's still some fight in he . andy fuck you ! if I be gonna kill myself I will do it when I be good and ready ! you can go to hell ! marcel no we can not . that 's the problem . God know it would beat hang around with you ! Andy sock marcel and break he jaw - off . it skitter off into the street . he punch he in the gut - sklurch ! his fist get stick in the tangle of marcel 's abdominal organ . while Andy try to pull he hand free , Amy rear back and kick he in the ball . he wrench he hand loose and stagger back , clutching he groin . andy hey , you can not kick I ! you be a apparition ! amy what , all of a sudden you get a degree in supernatural law ? marcel fit he jaw back into place . marcel call it the power of suggestion . he sock Andy in the mouth . Andy shake it off , rip marcel 's arm off , bashes he in the face with it , then turn around and use it to beat Amy over the head . meanwhile ... in a unmarked police car parked a half block away rene and francois , the two cop who accompany leduc to Andy 's apartment , watch Andy whirl around the sidewalk , swinging wildly at the air , reacting to invisible blow , and cursing unseen enemy . rene ( french ) you know , in he own way , he 's probably happier than any of we . francois nod philosophically . meanwhile , back in Andy 's reality ... marcel have get he in a full Nelson and Amy be punch he in the stomach . he buck forward , wrenching both of marcel 's arm off and slam they together onto Amy 's head , knock she down . Andy wave marcel 's arm in triumph . andy ha-ha ! amy oh , big man . you can beat up a couple of cadaver . well let I make something real clear , asshole . if you do not kill yourself , at midnight tonight you be gonna transform and murder innocent people ! marcel what be you go to be , McDermott ? a coward and a murderer ? or a man , with gut enough to do the right thing ? the truth of this question hit home with Andy . a heavy expression fall over he face , one of grave sadness , but also inner dignity . he breathes deeply and exhales . andy alright . let I write a letter . marcel good man . now can I have my arm back ? CUT to : ext . news stand - day Music cue : thelonius monk 's " round Midnight " . the news stand man hand Andy some stamp . Andy stick they on a letter address to Mr. and Mrs. William McDermott . he start walk away but a postcard in the display rack catch he eye - it 's rodin 's " the kiss " . he look at it sadly . a mailbox Andy drop the letter in the box . he walk to a pay phone on the sidewalk . Amy and marcel lean on a nearby building , watch Andy dial . terrence 's answer machine pick up . terrence's machine ( o.s. ) ( french ) hey . this be terrence . please leave a message at the beep ... ( English ) in other word , this be terrence McDermott . please leave a message . ( it beeps ) andy hey , serafine , I hope you be check this . it 's Andy . so I guess you know what be wrong with I yesterday . unfortunately it take I until today to realize it , and because of that two people be dead . if you do not know , well , shit , it 's irrelevant now . I know what I have to do , but before I do it I just want to say ... I do not know what would have happen with we , but I be really glad I have the chance to know you even if it be only a couple of day and ... I do not know ... I probably would not have the nerve to say this if I be gonna see you again , but I think if I have the chance to kiss you one more time I would have fall totally in love with you . int . terrence's apt . - same time the door open , serafine enter and run to the machine . andy ( on machine ) oh well ... bye serafine . serafine snatch the phone off the receiver just as Andy hang up . she get a dial tone . she 's very upset . serafine merde ! on the sidewalk Amy and marcel watch Andy hang up in the phone booth . the emotion of the moment be get to Amy . amy geez , I feel bad for he . maybe we should have tell he about - marcel be you crazy !? you know that 's totally impractical . besides , like the Bible say ... ( he stick he finger in she empty eye socket ) a eye for a eye ... Amy nod . Andy exit the phone booth and approach they . " round Midnight " fade out . andy let 's do it . CUT to : ext . esplanade - day Andy drain the last of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's and wobble along , totally smashed and a bit wistful , with Amy and marcel in tow . andy what the hell , lot of my heroes kill themselves . hemingway , Van gogh ... um ... herve villachaise ... marcel but this be class kid , all the way . what a way to go . amy you get style , babe . that 's why I go for you in the first place . wide shot they be approach the eiffel tower . andy when they ask how I die , just tell them ... ei-ffel . the cop sit in they car , watch Andy buy he ticket and get into the elevator . francois ( french ) should we follow he up ? rene well , he 's gotta come down some time . fuck it , let 's grab a bite . francois good think . CUT to : int . patisserie - day it 's a typical parisian bakery , stuff to the ceiling with a unbelievable array of the finest , most delectable pastry . rene step to the counter . rene vous avez les doughnut ? CUT to : ext . eiffel tower observation deck - day we be look at the elevator door . they open . Andy stride out onto the deck , through the milling tourist , flanke by marcel and Amy . andy there 's only one thing certain in life - each of we owe God a death . proud , determine , Andy arrive at the six foot wire mesh fence and quickly scale it . Amy and marcel follow . nearby tourist be alarmed and a clamor of concern rise up . that with camcorder jockey for position . andy all we can do be make sure it 's a good one . Andy get over the fence and stand on the small ledge . Amy and marcel join he . the tourist gasp . Andy glance down at the precipitous drop . he turn suddenly pale . andy shit . I feel sick . marcel do not worry . in a few second you will not feel a thing . andy puke on yourself in midair be not a good death . amy look , the more you think about it , the harder it be . marcel just like sex with my wife . amy the key be do not look down . marcel also like sex with my wife . amy ( to marcel ) would you shut up ? Andy look woozy . tourist be try to dissuade he in italian , japanese , icelandic , etc . marcel try a new tack . marcel tell you what , we will jump together . amy ( pick up marcel 's lead ) sure . we would not ask you to do anything we would not do . now give I you hand ... that 's it ... Amy coax Andy 's hand off the fence . the crowd gasp . Andy grit he tooth and focus again . amy / marcel one ... two ... three ... jump ! they jump , but Andy stop short - gaston be lean over the fence and have Andy by he shirt . gaston you be not get off so easy . amy and marcel plummet through the air . they look back at Andy , annoyed . marcel merde ! I can not believe this ! amy you try to be a good sport , and look what happen . splat !! they body split into several piece and squirt out on the pavement into two radial pattern , each about ten foot in diameter . repair will take a while this time . marcel' head huh. Galileo be right . amy head who ? gaston have Andy by the arm and be try to pull up to " safety " . the tourist cheer he on . Andy be resisting . gaston where 's the adm ? where do you uncle put it ? andy man , I do not know what the fuck you be talk about . gaston bullshit ! you uncle tell you ! andy my uncle 's in a coma you moron ! gaston before the coma ! andy he do not tell I anything . all he say be Saint Severin ... Andy swallow the word " Severin " , remember something as he speak . suddenly wheel be turn in he head . gaston Saint Severin ? the church ? so you know all about the adm ! ( Andy react to the word " church ? " ) where be it ! tell I ! tell I or else ! andy or else what ? you will kill I ? gaston no . but I will kill you fuck girlfriend ! andy you will never get the chance . Andy pull backward as hard as he can , jerk gaston off balance . he 's try to pull they both to they death , but gaston grab a steel post with he free hand . Andy hang below the ledge , pull gaston 's arm down with all he new superhuman strength . but gaston pull back just as hard . Andy see the steel post start to bend . he look into gaston 's feral stare and understand ... andy it be you ! you son-of - a-bitch ! you get my uncle ! the post keep bend - its weld will not hold long . gaston do not be a idiot ! I be not the only one . if I die , serafine die ! andy bullshit ! you be bluff ! gaston what , you think Claude hang out underground cause he like to dance ? this give Andy pause . andy Claude ...? gaston and you call I a moron ... Andy stop pull . he look uncertain - maybe gaston be right ... but then - SNAP ! the post , which have bent all the way over into a " J " shape , snap its weld . gaston and Andy plummet towards the ground nine hundred foot below . the tourist gasp . use the bent pole as a hook , gaston snare a horizontal antenna which stick out of the tower about fifty foot under the observation deck . he stop short and dangle there , still grip Andy by the arm . the tourist cheer . meanwhile , nine hundred foot below ... rene and francois lean on they car , munch doughnut . the tower loom behind they , and we can just make out the dangle figure at the top . rene reach into the paper doughnut bag and come up short . rene ( french ) oh ! you eat the last jelly ! up on the antenna gaston 's grip be firm . they will have to climb up the iron cross beam to the observation deck . gaston the adm . let 's go . andy yeah , okay . just gimme a minute to freshen up . CUT to : on the observation deck Andy and gaston climb up onto the deck . the tourist applaud and cheer for gaston - the " hero " . tourist bravo ! magnifique ! wunderbah ! gaston can not resist pose as the camera flash - he suck in he cheek , purse he lip and do he best " mickey rourke " . Andy look at he , incredulous . andy I must be in Paris . even the werewolve be poseur . CUT to : int . terrence's apt . build gaston and Andy endure the elevator ride together . andy so , if you and the nutty professor be both werewolve , what do you want with drug ? you like see lot of pretty color when you be tear people 's throat out ? gaston if you know about the church , why ask such stupid question ? they step out of the elevator and up to the apartment door . Andy take he key ring out and try the lock . the key will not turn . Andy jiggle it . andy damn ... he try another key . it do not work . he jiggle it , rattling the door on its hinge . gaston what 's the problem ? andy hey , I be new here , what do you want ? Andy try a third key . no good . more jiggling . gaston Fucking cretin ... the fourth key work . Andy push the door open . gaston shove he in roughly and step in after he . int . terrence's apartment gaston shut the door behind he and walk over to Andy , who scan the room nervously , unsure of he next move . gaston where be it ? hurry up ! Andy 's eye come to rest on the end table drawer , where serafine have put the gun before ... he advance toward it . andy ( patronize ) okay , okay . I get you magic medicine right here , dogboy . just - gaston grab Andy 's hand before he open the drawer . gaston do you think I be a idiot ? andy ( beat ... incredulous ) sure . do not you ? he shove Andy away and open the drawer ... no gun . they hear a pistol cock behind they . serafine look for this ? gaston turn and see serafine aim the gun at he . with incredible speed he leap for the window as serafine fire . bang !! the bullet catch he in the arm as he dive through the glass . bang !! she fire again and miss . gaston land in the courtyard , three storey below , and run off with a slight limp . bang ! bang ! serafine fire blindly into the courtyard after he , overwrought with anger . Andy put a hand to she arm , and she lower the gun . they embrace tightly , desperately . serafine can not keep from cry . Andy comfort she . andy hey , hey ... shhh . it 's okay now ... La femme nikita strike again . he wipe away she tear and she smile at he joke . serafine Andy , I think ... I hear you message and ... thank God you be alright . she embrace he again , but Andy gently frees himself . andy I be not alright . we both know that . the only reason I be here now be to warn you . you be still in danger . gaston tell I that Claude have get the curse too . he 's a werewolf . serafine I know . he tell I . andy what ?! he tell you ? when ? Andy hear a familiar voice behind he . claude two week ago . Andy spin around to see Claude stand by the hallway to terrence 's office . Andy reach for the gun and point it at he . andy you two face bastard . I know you be full of shit . serafine Andy ! no ! she put herself between Claude and the gun barrel . Andy push she out of the way . andy serafine ! move ! do not you see , he 's just after the drug , that adm stuff . he 's use you to get to it , just like he use uncle terrence . Claude approach Andy , speak calmly . claude you be exactly right , Andy . I enlist both serafine and you uncle to obtain adm . and now I be count on you assistance too . andy why the fuck would I do that ? serafine because , Andy . it 's a cure . andy a cure ? claude a cure . with adm we can wipe out lycanthropy , the curse of the werewolf , forever . Andy be shocked , stunne , skeptical . he bluff with the only card he 's get . andy be that so ? maybe we should go to Saint Severin church and make sure , huh ? Claude 's face change . he 's surprised . claude ah , you have do you homework ... excellent . get you coat . leave the gun with serafine . she can keep search . we do not have much time . Andy and serafine share a heavy look . he hand she the gun . serafine Andy ... I should never have let you go underground . I be sorry ... andy ( shaking he head ) I have to be a damn hemingway hero . well I will tell ya , the old man and the sea do not go through half this shit . CUT to : ext . saint severin church - evening sheet of rain crash down over this ancient gothic church . share a umbrella , Andy and Claude walk inside . int . unmarked police car park across the street , rene and francois watch they enter the church . rene talk into a cellular phone . rene ( french ) he 's go into Saint Severin church with Professor Claude roussel . int . leduc' office - same time leduc ( on phone ) really ... okay , keep check in . leduc hang up and think a moment . he turn the page of the old book on he desk , revealing a old woodcut illustration of a policeman be attack by a werewolf . he frown . int . saint severin church - evening a evening mass be in progress . the boy 's choir fill the church with a solemn hymn . Andy follow Claude to a narrow staircase . a old woman give they the evil eye and cross herself as they pass . Claude and Andy go up the stair and arrive at a balcony under a magnificent wall of ancient stained glass . one of the panel catch Andy 's eye . andy whoa ... the panel show a weird medieval ritual - a man drain blood from another man' neck into a goblet . another panel feature a pentagram . another panel show a huge werewolf eat a monk under a frown sun . all the transcription be in Latin . Claude signal Andy to follow he . claude the panel that concern we be over here . ( he direct Andy to a group of panel ) I will translate the Latin . a panel show a different werewolf , tie down , be stab in the heart by a knight under a frown moon . claude " then Simon do slay the demon spirit , the same as have make he unclean , " the next panel - the knight now hold the beast 's heart aloft , impale on he dagger . where the beast be , a man lie bleed in the background . claude " and Simon do cut out the heart of the beast which once dead , regain the shape of a man " the next panel show the beast 's heart on a platter . the hero be sit at a table , cut into the heart with a knife , as if he 's about to eat it . claude " Simon eat of the heart of the beast and he soul be cleanse . " ( he turn to Andy ) this picture be not just myth , Andy . the scholar of the day use they to record fact and enlighten the public . this be the medieval version of a newspaper . andy ( skeptical ) yeah , well what if it 's the weekly World News ... amy no . it 's all true , Andy ... startle , Andy turn to see Amy and marcel , a little worse for wear , stand behind they . amy I mean , if by some miracle you can find the werewolf that bit you , and then manage to eat it 's heart , the curse be lift . I be gonna tell you but marcel would not let I . marcel oh sure , it be all mean old marcel 's idea . give I a break ! we do not tell you because it 's a wild goose chase ! not to mention disgusting . look ... marcel reach into he own chest cavity , rip out he own slimy purple heart , and thrust it in Andy 's face . marcel a little grey poupon and then bon appetite , eh ? Andy grimace and turn back to Claude . claude ( to Amy ) I do not believe we have be introduce . andy what ?... oh , right , you can see this guy too . Jesus ... ( he roll he eye ) amy ( smile and extend she hand ) Amy . Nice to meet you . Claude shake she hand - squish . some sort of body fluid ooze out of Amy 's hand . Claude frown and discreetly wipe he hand with a handkerchief . marcel smile and extend he hand . marcel marcel . ( Claude smile politely , decline marcel 's rotting hand ) my wife have all you book . Claude nod " thank you " . Andy 's have enough . andy great . later on we will have to get together for cocktail . right now I kinda have to hurry before I grow a lot of hair and eat people . ( to Claude ) say this heart thing work . what 's it get to do with adm ? claude it 's chemistry , Andy . nothing more . mutated antigen concentrate in the heart of the infector unlock a vaccine - like chain reaction in the infectee . there be not many bio-chemist work in the twelfth century , but with today 's technology it 's possible to synthesize any chemical imaginable . when I discover this ancient cure I know who to go to . andy uncle terrence . claude yes . I be able to decode the old text and give terrence the specification . it take a lot of trial and error , but finally he get it : adenine di-methyloxide . adm . I call it adam . but just before he be attack , he hide it ... andy because gaston be after it . claude yes , that sociopath . he 's give himself over to the evil of lycanthropy . to he , adam be just a threat to the terror he hold over other . to we , it 's salvation . marcel yeah , well I do not know much about chemistry , but even if this stuff work , you better find it by midnight . otherwise it 's - andy yeah , I know . back to the eiffel tower. ( to Claude ) and what about you ? claude believe I , I will not go through another night of that hell . I have my contingency plan right here . he remove a white pill from he coat pocket and hold it up . claude sodium cyanide . the church bell ring . the group listen tensely as the solemn bell sound eight time . andy eight o'clock . shit . you would think my uncle would have leave a clue , a note , something ... claude that 's what serafine be search for . without much luck , I be afraid . if only we could speak with he . but ala , he 's off in another realm , close to death . the wheel in Andy 's head be turn . he look over at Amy and marcel . he smile . he 's get a idea . marcel Andy , please . do not smile like that . you be scare I . CUT to : int . hospital - night Andy and serafine walk down the corridor of the Terminal Ward . Andy look determine . serafine look upset . serafine what make you so sure this will work ? andy I tell you . he already try to contact I once . if you see he face ... he be desperate to tell I something . I owe he this . serafine I do not know ... andy listen , either he waste away as a pathetic vegetable or he can give what 's leave of he life to save hundred of potential victim . he 's a McDermott . I know what he choice would be . serafine I suppose you be right . but I still do not like it . they stop at the door to terrence 's room . andy Fine . you do not have to watch . stay out here and stand guard . she nod . Andy go into terrence's hospital room the light be off . Andy approach terrence 's oxygen tent . in the dim light , he can barely make out terrence through the plastic , lie motionless , barely make a impression under the sheet . he look at the body wistfully and survey the array of machinery that 's keep he " alive " . most of the machine be plugge into a transformer BOX on the floor . andy hey . we meet again ... look , I know you understand what I be about to do here . I think . but I hope you forgive I anyway . Andy take a deep breath . he lean down to the transformer and open the safety cover , and flip the power switch . all the machine power down . suddenly the old man in the bed sit up , gasp , and claw at the wall of the oxygen tent . oh my God ! it 's not terrence !! Andy nearly soil himself , diving down to fumble with the transformer , suddenly all thumb . he switch the power on again . the nurse station the fat , sour look duty nurse see the alarm from the fail life support system . she 's about to call for help when the indicator stop flash . she watch it intently for a few second , nothing . she decide to dismiss it . terrence's room the old man be lie back down , asleep . he seem to be okay . his support machinery be function normally again . with a sigh of relief , Andy turn and pull back the curtain behind he . there 's terrence , san oxygen tent , hook up to another extensive support system . andy so. you move ... he pull the curtain close behind he , and move in close to he uncle . terrence 's expression look unmistakably morose . andy you do not look happy ... um , I do not usually go in for this stuff , but ... ( he cross himself , and say a silent prayer ) amen . Andy lean down , open the transformer box , and flip the power switch . the machine power down - all except the ekg monitor , which show a flat line and emit the familiar steady tone . Andy switch off the monitor . silence . terrence 's body be completely still , peaceful . he lean down over its face and speak in a soft voice . andy uncle terrence ? can you hear I ? terrence 's body remain motionless . at the nurse's station this time the nurse do not wait to respond . see the indicator from terrence 's room , she press the intercom . nurse chambre 411 . code bleu ! code bleu ! in terrence's room silence . Andy 's worried . he take he uncle by the shoulder . andy come on ... skip the undead orientation and get down here . nothing . he look at the door nervously . outside the door serafine see a squad of doctor and nurse push trolley of emergency equipment she way from the far end of the hall . she lean she head in the door to warn Andy . int . hospital room Andy be beside himself with stress . he shake terrence 's bed a little to rouse he . nothing . he try a little harder shake ... the door open . it 's serafine , also in a panic . serafine they be come ! andy shit . what have I do ? ( to serafine ) stall they ! I will meet you out back . she shut the door , just in time . the emergency team be right there . serafine ( feign hysterics ) stay away from he ! you butcher ! have not you do enough already ! they struggle to get past she . int . hospital room Andy can hear serafine argue outside the door . he look out the window to the three story drop into the alley below . outside the door serafine be finally shove aside . they push the door open . inside Andy rush to the door and push it shut . he crank the doorknob all the over and bend it down , jam it in the lock position . he step away . the door hold , but for how long ? he look at the old man in the oxygen tent . hmm . he push the old man' bed up against the door . Andy force the window open and step out onto the ledge . he look back at he uncle , and the old guy . he shrug apologetically , then take a deep breath , close he eye , and jump . outside the hospital room door the fat nurse be get impatient with the doctor , who be attempt to pick the lock " surgically " . she push they aside and heave she considerable heft against into the door . it open a crack . she back up and slam it again ... inside the room the nurse 's jolt shake the old guy 's bed , slide it forward . he doze happily like a baby rock in the cradle . ext . the back alley behind the hospital Andy run behind a nearby dumpster to avoid be see from the window above . he kick the wall in frustration . andy damn it !! a voice call out from behind Andy . terrence's voice whoa ! what a outrageous nightmare ! Andy spin around and see terrence , the undead version , perch atop some trash bag , scratch himself . andy uncle terrence ? terrence Andy ? Andy be that you ? andy yeah . look , uncle terrence - terrence mutter distractedly , excitedly , and quickly ... terrence Andy , I have to tell you about the dream I have - or that I be still have - it feel like a systemic , physio - tropic reaction to some drug , maybe a triptamine or phenethylamine derivative . but it be hyper-real . I would swear my leg have be cut off or ... wait a second ... I be get a strange meta-physical buzz . shit. I be , uh , dead , be not I ? andy sort of ... back in the hospital room the doctor have cluster around terrence 's corpse . the nurse be lubricate the electro-shock paddle for the doctor . serafine slip out the door into the hallway . someone's Pov , spying from behind a supply cart in the hallway ( we see a hand on the cart ) , watch serafine walk away , unnotice by the doctor . back in the alley terrence undead . right . sort of a ectocosmic manifestation . what a pisser . tell you one thing though , timothy leary will be jealous as hell . andy great , but listen , I need to know where you hide the adm ? terrence the adm ! be careful , Andy . it 's very powerful . how do you know about it ? andy I go to St. Severin church . ( terrence react " I see ... " ) now look - in terrence's room zap ! the doctor jolt terrence 's chest with the paddle . in the alley terrence 's zombie jerk with sudden pain . terrence oh shit ! no ! Andy , do not let they take I back there ! andy the adm ! quickly ! where be it ?! terrence's room zzt ! they zap he again . in the back alley andy where be it ! please ! terrence ahhh !! the wine cellar !! in a bottle of chateau margaux . a metal cylinder ... do not ... do not - aaaah ! another zap . the undead terrence twist he face in pain . in the background , serafine appear at the mouth of the alley . terrence croak out a few last word . terrence lies ! all lie ! ahhhh !!! Andy turn towards serafine , then back to he uncle , but terrence be go . int . hospital room terrence 's face be contort with pain . the ekg monitor show a weak but regular heartbeat . the doctor pull off he mask and wipe he brow . the other technician congratulate he . in the alley serafine approach . Andy run up to join she . andy I see he . just before that bastard zap he back . the adm be in the wine cellar , in a bottle of chateau margaux . serafine I do not know he have a wine cellar . andy guess that 's why he hide it there . let 's go . they run out of the alley and see gaston jump on he hop - up kawasaki enduro . serafine oh shit ! he must have hear we . gaston see they , give they the finger and tear off down the street . andy dammit ! c'mon ! they run to serafine 's vespa - the tire be slashed . enrage , she kick it over . serafine that bastard ! fuck ! Andy look around desperately . a guy pull he motorcycle out of its parking spot and start up the street towards Andy . Andy jump out in front of the accelerate bike and grab the handlebar , stop it short , send the rider tumble forward , over Andy . he land on he butt in the street and start yell at Andy , who climb on the bike . andy sorry ... I will bring it back . serafine hop on the back and they burn rubber down the street after gaston . Music cue : ccr 's " bad Moon on the rise " . they screech around the corner onto saint germain boulevard it 's red light as far as the eye can see . Andy grit he tooth and accelerate towards the cluster of traffic stop at the first light . serafine oh merde ! she shut she eye as Andy zoom between the row of stop car and roar through the red light . screech !! cross car slam on they brake and swerve to avoid the speed bike . Andy bear down on the next red light . serafine be you crazy !? andy before hemingway , there be starsky and hutch . Andy speed through more stop car and run the next red light . screech !! more swerving car . Andy have to swerve himself to avoid one . he bear down on the next light . meanwhile ... gaston be stop on he bike , casually talk on a cellular phone , two red light ahead of Andy and serafine . he hear they bike and turn to see they zoom through the intersection in back of he . gaston curse , put the phone in he pocket and twist he throttle , accelerate through the red light . andy and serafine gain on gaston . they be seventy five yard behind he . gaston pull a pistol and aim over he shoulder . bang ! he fire back at they . serafine pull she pistol out . both bike roar through another red light . a police car pull out onto the boulevard and turn on its flash light and siren and pursue the bike . the traffic light turn green . gaston lead by fifty yard . the cop car pull alongside Andy and serafine . she discreetly pocket she gun . the cop in the passenger seat aim he gun at Andy . cop ( french ) pull over ! now ! andy shit ! there 's no choice . they pull over . gaston speed safely away , look back at they and laugh . the cop car stop ahead of they and the cop get out , gun draw . first cop ( french ) hand in the air ! now ! Andy and serafine put up they hand . the first cop go back to check the police radio , which be beep . the second cop keep he gun aim at Andy 's head . he 's furious . second cop ( french ) hot shot huh ? you know how many officer die in high speed chase ? serafine ( french ) moron ! the guy ahead of we have a gun ! he 's the one you should stop ! second cop shut up ! I do not need you to tell I my job . it 's always " the other guy " ! serafine he 's go to kill people you ignorant shithead ! second cop okay ! that 's it ! you be under arrest ! maybe you will learn some respect in jail ! serafine curse again . Andy try to calm she down . the argue escalate ... in the car , the first cop be talk on the radio . first cop really ? he turn , look out he window and see rene and francois park in they unmark car . rene be talk with he on the radio . francois wave . the second cop be try to put handcuffs on serafine . she 's still scream at he . he 's incense . the first cop get out of the car and walk up to they . first cop ( to Andy and serafine ) you can go . his partner look at he , incredulous , red-face . second cop ( french - to first cop ) what !? first cop ( ignore 2nd cop ) drive safely . andy merci . serafine smile at the second cop . Andy peel out , race through the red light and disappear down the boulevard . the cop watch they go , then turn to each other . the second cop be apoplectic - about to explode . int . unmarked car rene and francois speed off to keep pace with Andy . rene be dial he cellular phone . as they pass the other police car , we glimpse the two cop in a angry shove match against the car . rene 's call go through . int . saint severin church leduc be on the balcony , study the stain glass panel and consulting a old book . the cellular phone in he coat pocket ring . a old priest nearby frown at he . leduc ( french - into phone ) hello . ( pause ) I will meet you there in ten minute . he hang up . the priest be still frown at he . leduc shrug gruffly - " what do you want from I ? " and turn back to the stain glass . as the church bell sound ten o'clock we cut to different panel : several scene of werewolve terrorize people . a scene where some people mix potion and dump a strange flower into a cauldron . another show a evil look man shaking he arm defiantly at a frown sun - though he be human he raise arm be the enlarge , hairy limb of a werewolf . another show a saint throw the strange flower into a fire in the town square . leduc ( french ) thank God for Saint Severin . the bell strike ten . leduc check he watch , close he book and hurry off . ext . terrence's apt . build Music cue : " evil " by howlin ' Wolf . gaston stop , jump off he bike , and run into the court yard . andy and serafine speed along on the bike , weaving through narrow side street . gaston riding the wire cage elevator in the apartment building down to the basement . he get out and walk down the dank hallway , past several padlock door . he stop at one with a mcdermott nameplate . he 's about to shoot it off , then look around , think again . he grab the lock and , grimace with the effort , twist it off with he bare hand . andy and serafine stick behind a garbage truck on a narrow street . Andy hop the curb and race down the sidewalk , scatter pedestrian . gaston flick on the light switch in the wine cellar . there be six large rack of wine bottle . he walk past they , scan the bottle . he stop at the third rack and remove a bottle . the label read " chateau margaux " . he try to peer inside , but it 's too hard to see . instead , he hurl it at the wall - smash !! wine spray everywhere , but no metal cylinder . he grab another bottle . smash !! just wine . he grab another ... andy and serafine arrive in front of the apartment and hop off they bike . serafine eye gaston' bike hatefully . Andy pull she along . serafine wait a second ... she pull out she gun . blam ! blam ! she blast the gas tank - woof ! the bike go up in a fireball . serafine nod , satisfied . Andy look at she like she 's nut . they rush into the courtyard . gaston throw another bottle . smash ! just wine . the floor be awash in the pricey burgundy . he throw another bottle . smash ! nothing . he lick he finger . he 's enjoy this ... serafine and andy in the elevator , go down , maddeningly slowly . through the window they can see the full moon in the sky . Andy check he watch . they look at each other nervously . gaston throw another - smash ! a small metal cylinder clink as it bounce on the floor . gaston pick it up and smile . bang ! a gunshot hit gaston in the arm - he drop the cylinder . serafine and Andy stand in the doorway . serafine dirty bastard ... serafine fire again - bang ! the shot miss as gaston hit the deck and draw he gun in one very fast motion , take aim at Andy who 's rush towards he . gaston that 's far enough ! Andy stop , gaston 's gun aim at he chest . serafine step slowly towards gaston , she gun aim at he . gaston ( to serafine ) another step and he 's dead ! andy go ahead serafine . blow he away . serafine stop . the three of they stand there in a close triangle , the metal cylinder on the floor between they . it 's a mexican standoff ... in Paris . then ... claude ( o.s. ) Drop the gun ! Claude be in the doorway hold a pistol . serafine see he and turn back to gaston , smile . serafine ( to gaston ) you hear he . do it ! gaston just smile back at she . Claude step forward and cock he gun against serafine 's head . claude I say drop the gun . serafine 's expression turn confuse , horrify . Andy be shocked . she drop the gun . Claude pick it up and pocket it , keep he gun on serafine , who stare at he , aghast . andy you bastard ! God ! I should have know . you want the cure all for yourself ! gaston cure !? ha-ha-ha ! Andy and serafine react with confusion to gaston 's outburst . Claude pick up the metal cylinder and unscrew its cap with he free hand . he slide out a vial fill with amber fluid and hold it to up to the light . he smile . claude no , it 's no cure . it 's something much more interesting . serafine you fuck liar ! claude ( with mock alarm ) oh , do I hurt the little girl 's feeling ? well excusez moi ... I confess my desire for adm be quite " intense " . so I deceive you and we poor friend Terry - a competent technician , but let 's face it , a bit naive . " the great cure for lycanthropy ! " hmph . he do not have the vision to grasp the potential of adam , until it be too late . and even then , he come rush down to tell I , as if I would be just as shocked ! ha . he pocket the vial , pull out the white " cyanide " tablet and pop it in he mouth . Andy react with shock . claude ( off Andy 's look , crunching up tablet in he mouth ) oh this ? rolaid . I have a midnight snack that ... disagree with I . serafine 's be do a slow burn . she explode and lunge at Claude , knock he gun out of he hand . serafine Fucking traitor ! she pick Claude up and hurl he across the room . crash !! Claude smashes into a rack of wine bottle . serafine jump after he and dive on top of he pummel he in a blind rage . Andy look at she , agog . andy wait a second ... he and gaston notice Claude 's gun at the same time . they both dive for it . Andy grab it but gaston step on he hand and aim he gun down at he . gaston you want to be cure ? he cock the gun . Andy let go of Claude 's gun . gaston pick it up and aim one gun at Andy and the other at serafine , who 's wrestle with Claude . Claude throw she off and she land on she butt next to Andy . Andy look at serafine . andy what the fuck !? you too !? serafine ( stammer ) I ... I do not think you would ... I be sorry ... I believe that son-of - a - bitch ... Claude get to he foot , drench with wine and smart from serafine 's punch . he walk over to serafine and kick she in the face . claude shut up , you foul mouth little cunt . I do not have time for you histrionics . gaston give I the adm old man . gaston be aim one of he gun at Claude . claude oh for Christ 's sake gaston . can not you rise above the level of common thug just this once ? gaston give it to I ! claude do not be a idiot . there be certain procedure one must - gaston now ! Claude sigh . he take the vial from he pocket and walk over to gaston . claude very well then ... gaston grab the vial , uncap it and drink it down greedily . he stand there , wait . nothing happen ... andy ha. some wonder drug ... gaston why be not it do anything !? claude I tell you . it 's not ready . Claude turn to the noise of footstep and a walkie-talkie in the hallway . four uniform officer plus rene and francois storm into the room , gun draw . cop ( french / English ) freeze ! Drop you weapon ! hand up ! Andy and serafine put up they hand . gaston brandish he gun at the cop , then see the six gun aim at he and drop it . leduc walk in . claude ( french - to leduc ) thank God ! this hoodlum try to rob I ! leduc ( french - to Claude ) put up you hand . claude ( french ) but surely - leduc cock he pistol and aim it at Claude . leduc ( french ) now ! Claude put he hand up . claude ( french ) what 's the charge ? leduc ( french ) there be no charge . ( English ) everybody come in for a few question . everything check out , you will go free . after midnight . Claude frown . gaston swear . Andy look at serafine , shocked and confuse . she look back at he , angry and sad . CUT to : ext . STREET - night the cop be herding the handcuff " questionee " into the back of a reinforce paddy wagon . leduc talk to the driver , and another cop in the passenger seat . leduc ( french ) godard be wait for you at rocherout jail . hurry ... and do not stop for anything . good luck . the driver nod . it roar off , light flash and siren wail . leduc and the other cop head for they respective car . leduc bark order to a aid who 's at the ready with the car radio . leduc I want four separate maximum security cell ready . get video camera , photographer , and doctor . the aid nod and get on the radio . leduc check he watch . it 's 10:47 . CUT to : int . paddy wagon serafine hang she head sullenly , in a quiet rage . she will not meet Andy 's gaze . he look over at Claude and gaston . gaston be restless , edgy . he grab Claude by the collar and shake he . gaston nothing 's happen ! andy look like he lie to you too . Claude break gaston 's grip and shove he back in he seat . claude ( calmly ) relax my friend . it 's still not ready . Andy look back at serafine . he shake he head in disbelief . andy now I remember why I do not want to come to Paris . everyone you meet be a goddam werewolf ! serafine stare bitterly at she foot . serafine I hope they fuck fry we all . andy yeah . french fries ... slam ! he 's interrupt by the sound of gaston 's head snap back against the wall . his eye bulge wide . he grin and start to laugh . first a little . then a lot . gaston yes ! yes ! ha ! haha hahaha ... he stand up , laugh , power -mad . suddenly he body be jerk by a spasm and he fall to the floor . he 's not laugh anymore . he flail about wildly , croaking out strangle cry , grip with a terrible seizure . in the front cab the two guard , the driver and he partner , hear the commotion . the guard look over to he partner , and chuckle . partner aaooooo !!! heh heh heh . they both laugh . the driver take a sharp turn at high speed . in the back compartment gaston flop around on the floor like a fish , grab by a flurry of convulsion . he bite off he tongue , spitting blood everywhere . finally , he go rigid with one last seizure , then fall totally limp . Andy study the very dead corpse . andy it kill he ... you coulda just use draino . it 's cheaper . claude I tell he it be not ready ... Claude take a fold paper cup from he jacket pocket . he blow into the cup to bring it back into shape . he then take a sharpened steel tube from he pocket , plunge it into gaston 's neck , and fill the cup with the blood that pour forth . Andy and serafine be horrify . Claude put the cup of blood to he lip and pause . claude now it 's ready . he swallow the cup of blood down in one gulp , and sit back to wait for the effect , smile dreamily . claude what be the curse of the werewolf ? I will tell you . the curse be to possess such awesome power and yet be completely unconscious of it . it may as well belong to someone else . but it be not always that way . a thousand year ago the gaul have a drug powerful enough to unlock the door to lycanthropic consciousness , to full control . it come from moonsbreath . a small white flower once find in the hill of this region , until the thick head crusade by we famous Saint Severin eradicate it for all eternity . but now , thanks to adam , the " curse " be over ... as he say this , he hold up he right arm . it begin to mutate and grow , reshaping he arm into the grotesque , powerful forelimb of the beast . plink ! his swell wrist pop the handcuff easily . serafine ( french ) Holy mother of God ... andy fuck I ... Claude rise to he foot , triumphant . he advance towards Andy and serafine , back they up against the rear door of the van . he gently trace the outline of serafine 's face with he werewolf hand . she bristle at he touch . claude all my life I have work to unlock the power of the unconscious mind . well this be it . this be power ! andy you sure it 's not just ' cause you jerk off too much ? Claude cock he werewolf fist and slam it into the back door , inch from Andy 's head . he leave a deep dent , and open the door just a crack . it 's a gesture that seem calculate to frighten they . it work . Claude hold up he left arm and transform it to match he right . it take some effort and a little pain , but he keep a smile on he face throughout the process . claude do not you see what this mean ? I have break through ! I be in total control ! not the moon ! I can do whatever the fuck I want ! smash !! Claude drive he leave arm into the back door , make another huge dent , and open the crack even wider . in the front cab the cop exchange worried look . the one on the passenger side slide open the view panel . Claude have he back to he . cop ( french ) hey ! what 's go on in - he stop short as Claude turn around , revealing he monstrous arm . mortify , the cop reach for the shot gun under the dash . Claude race up towards the view window . as the guard poke the muzzle through the window , Claude grab hold of it . blam ! the guard 's shot hit the side wall . Claude rip the gun from the guard angrily , and smashes it to piece against the wall , grin like the devil himself . meanwhile andy throw himself at the door , kick they , try in vain to break they open . he spot the shotgun barrel on the floor and grab it . claude reach through the window and grab the guard by the head . he repeatedly smashes the guard 's head against the back wall of the cab . claude ( as he smashes the guard ) do not you know ... the wolf ... be a protect ... species !? the driver freak out , see he partner get he head crush . the paddy wagon swerve all over the road . andy use the shotgun barrel to twist open the lock on the van door . as the vehicle swerve , he drop the barrel out the door , and fall over . he call to serafine . andy I need you help . come on . she join he and together they take a run at the back door . the door open a little , but the lock still hold . finish with the guard , Claude turn and see what Andy and serafine be up to . claude wait ! Andy and serafine take another run - it work . the door bust open , and Andy and serafine , still handcuff , go tumble out into the STREET , roll on the pavement . screech ! honk ! Cars swerve to avoid they , just barely . crash ! a minivan plow into a park car . Claude watch from the back of the van . he rear he head to the moon and smile . in the cab of the paddy wagon , the driver hear a unearthly howl . it 's hellish . without look away from the road , he point he pistol through the hole in the compartment . he adjust the mirror to see into the rear compartment - the back door be hang open . he steal a look over he shoulder - other than gaston 's corpse , it 's empty ... he breathes a sigh of relief and turn back to the road as - a huge werewolf - Claude fully transformed - burst through the windshield and rip into he . the paddy wagon be travel over the pont neuf bridge . a gasoline truck approach from the other direction . the werewolf leap off of the hood just as the paddy wagon , swerving all over the road , hit the gasoline truck head on . ka - boom !! both vehicle explode in a fireball , smash through the side wall of the bridge , and plunge into the river . int . squad car leduc , follow at a distance , be try in vain to get the paddy wagon driver on the radio . leduc allo ! Jean-Louis ! respond ! allo ! his partner slow the car . traffic ahead be snarl . it 's chaos . he tap leduc on the arm and point ... partner Inspector ... leduc see the column of black smoke in the distance . leduc merde ... merde , merde , merde . he slam he fist against the dash angrily . CUT to : ext . paris STREET , night Andy lie by the roadside , daze , bruise , handcuff , but conscious . he sit up unsteadily , and look for serafine . andy serafine ? he see a small crowd of people a little further up the road , outside a small bistro . he stagger up to they and push he way through . serafine be there on the ground by the curb , eye close . kneel beside she , he turn angrily on the onlooker . andy get out of here ! go on ! move it ! he shoos they away . of course , they just back up a bit , still gawk at the handcuff couple . andy serafine ... get up , come on ... Andy brushes away the hair from serafine 's face . he feel she neck for a pulse - she have one . but as he take he hand away , he notice a smudge of base make - up have rubbed off on he finger . he look at the back of serafine 's neck and see that the makeup have be cover a scar . it bear the unmistakable star shape of the wound Andy inflicted on the werewolf that bit he . horrify , he stand and back away a few foot . serafine open she eye , see he . serafine ( groggy ) Andy ?... what ? what be it ? ( she sit up , she head clear ) Andy ... be you okay ? andy it be you ... that night in the tunnel . you . you do this to I . serafine no I .... Andy , you can not be sure . andy that 's the scar where I stab you ! oh God ... you deliberately take I down there so you could ... God , I can not believe it ! serafine get to she foot , a little unsteadily at first . serafine you make I go there . I try to stop you ! you would not listen ! andy what be I ? you idea of a fuckin ' hor d'oeuvre ? huh ? serafine shut up ! you fuck shut up ! what do you want ? huh ? what the hell do you want ? she walk over , grab a steak knife from one of the outside table at the bistro , and charge at Andy , pull open she shirt ... she offer he the knife , and pound at she heart . serafine here ! come on ! do it ! go ahead . andy what ...? serafine you know what . kill I . cut out my fuck heart . go on ! do it ! enrage , Andy take the knife . he and serafine lock eye . for a second he 's tempt , he blood boil , heart pound . andy you be crazy . he throw the knife aside , turn and walk away . andy this be all crazy ! serafine retrieve the knife and chase after he . she get in front of he and block he path . she hold the knife point to she own chest . serafine the drug be a lie , but the legend in the church be true . ask the undead . Andy just stare back at she , not know what to say . it 's all too much to believe . he shake he head . he try to go , but she move in front of he . she 's determine . serafine we do not both have to die . andy ( soften ) I could not do it . not to you . he see she look up . he follow she gaze to the full moon . it 's get late . Andy shudder , wipe the sweat from he brow . he 's already start to feel the heat in he blood . serafine I can not go through another night . I will not . Andy take she hand and guide the knife away from she chest . andy I know ... I be already burn up ... look , I be not go to go through this another night either . but we still have some time to get Claude . he will just kill more people , and spread the curse . she 's desperate , tear welling up in she eye . serafine we can not stop he . not now . handcuffed , with no kind of weapon . please Andy ... andy no . we have to try . we will figure something out . and if midnight come before we can get to he , well , then we go together . deal ? ( he extend a cuffed hand ) shake a paw ? she laugh despite she tear , put she cuffed hand over he head and hug he tightly . serafine I know where he will go . andy where ? serafine somewhere where there be no police , and plenty to eat . Andy look at she . he know what she 's drive at . CUT to : ext . petit pont - night leduc and Napier stand on the bridge , which have be block off , watch the tow truck drag the char wreck of the paddy wagon from the river . ambulance wait nearby . firemen be still put out small pile of flame debris . napier ( french ) poor bazin and racine . at least they bring that monster down with they . leduc be not listen - he see something that make he face go slack : the paddy wagon emerge from the murky water revealing the open , bang - up back door with several large fist print in it . he check he watch - it 's 11:32 . leduc ( french - to himself ) impossible ... ( to Napier - urgent ) get headquarters on the radio . Napier be not pay to ask question . he hop to it . napier right away sir . CUT to : int . underground party - night Andy and serafine emerge from the tunnel , wear grim , determine expression . the party be in full swing - throbbing beat and sweaty dance body . they walk straight across the dance floor , push they way through the crowd . amongst the variety of freaky type here , no one raise a eyebrow at two people in handcuffs . serafine , who 's scan the room , be approach by a leather clad hipster guy . hipster guy serafine , mon belle ! can va ? he go to kiss she on both cheek . without break stride , she put she handcuff hand on he face and shove , send he reeling . serafine point out a gang of four militant skinhead off in a corner . Andy nod and smile . andy this could be fun . they make they way to the skinhead . Andy walk up to the skinhead leader , who 's get a swastika tattoo , a bad disposition , and a fifty pound advantage on Andy . andy I get something you want . follow I . Andy and serafine walk into a SMALL chamber off the main space . the skinhead signal he mate to come along , slip on some brass knuckle , and follow Andy into the chamber the skinhead surround Andy and serafine . there 's no one else in the room . the skinhead leader look at Andy 's handcuffs and snigger . skinhead what do you get , pervert ? andy I get Hitler 's dick in a jar . and the funny thing be it 's still in goerr 's mouth . the skinhead turn red with rage and throw a punch at Andy 's head . with lightning speed , Andy grab the skinhead 's fist , twist he arm around he back and hurl he across the room . he slam face first into the stone wall and collapse on the floor with a thud . simultaneously , the other three skinhead attack . serafine bash one across the face with both fist , send he to the floor . the other get she in a headlock from behind . she run backwards and - slam ! - crush he against the wall . the third skinhead try to kick Andy in the groin . Andy grab he boot and flip he over backwards - he actually do a full back flip and land on he face . the leader groggily pull a pistol and aim it at Andy . Andy snatch it out of he hand . andy do not even have to ask . serafine ( french ) all you weapon , on the floor ! now ! the skinhead slide out some lead pipe , a switchblade , another pistol , and a army surplus grenade . Andy and serafine scoop they up , except the lead pipe . andy Neo -nazis . ya gotta love them . ( to the skinhead ) merci beau coup , monsieur . CUT to : int . tunnel - night Music cue : " after Midnight ( we be gonna let it all hang out ) " . Andy 's gun be press against the chain on serafine 's handcuffs - bang ! the chain be break . bang ! she return the favor and he chain be break . they walk into the dripping , dank tunnel , away from the party , which fade away in the background . each carry a pistol and a flashlight . bead of sweat appear on they forehead . the tunnel tilt downhill . heavier dripping . they turn a corner and ... slam ! something barrel into they - it 's a hysterical girl . she 's about nineteen and splatter with blood . she scream uncontrollably . serafine hold she by the shoulder , try to calm she . girl ( french ) ahhhhhhhh ! a monster ! my God ! it get my boyfriend ! noooooo ! serafine ou !? ou est le monstre !? girl ahhhh ! let I go ! let I gooooo !! she 's off the deep end , flail at serafine , who keep try to calm she down . there 's no time for this . Andy press he gun to she temple . she shut up and stare at he with wide , terror stricken eye . andy ( calm , firm ) ou est le monstre ? she point back down the tunnel she come out of . girl ( french ) down the stair . andy merci . he let she go . she start scream again and continue on , disappear into darkness . Andy wince and hold he ear . serafine no wonder he let she go . andy really . they run in the direction she point . they arrive at the intersection with a stairway to the right . they start down it . they see something up ahead - someone's hand be stick out on the ground from a passage at a landing on the staircase . serafine her boyfriend . the hand move a bit , pull back and disappear into the crossing passage . andy he 's alive . c'mon . they hurry down to the landing , shine they light into the passage . the hand be severe , and a big rat be drag it along with some difficulty . a dozen or other rat munch on scrap of flesh scattered over a grisly mess of blood and body part . Andy and serafine stare at it for a moment . suddenly Andy look away . andy God . I can not believe it . serafine what ? andy ( disturb ) it 's make I hungry . a beast howl echoe through the tunnel . serafine shine he flashlight on some bloody beast foot / paw print lead down the stair . they follow the bloody print down the stair and come to a ancient arched doorway with a skull set in the arch and a chisele inscription . Andy point to the inscription . andy what do it say ? serafine ( read ) " stop ! Beyond this passage lie the catacomb of Paris : the exclusive domain of the dead . " Andy gesture back to the bloody remain . andy we will say we be with he . they walk through the gate and enter the catacomb Andy shine he flashlight around , illuminate two large tunnel which lead into a twist , intestinal maze , line from floor to ceiling with human skull and femur . the bone form the building block of the tunnel wall and be arrange in various pattern - from crucifix to masonic pyramid and even pentagram . Ground water seep from the ceiling and wall , dripping over the erode , crumble bone . despite the situation , Andy can not help but be dumb strike by the spectacular necropolis . andy whoa ... serafine after the revolution , the Paris cemetery overflow . they dig up all the old body and bring they here . Seven million people . mostly very poor . andy pretty stylish dig for a bunch of pauper . serafine well , they be french . andy right . another eerie howl echoe through the maze . Andy look down both main tunnel - the howl seem to come from each of they . andy this tunnel must loop around and connect . serafine let 's go from both end . we will cut he off . Andy consider this . andy okay . be careful . serafine you too . she kiss he . they be both sweat heavily now . she start off to the right . he watch she go for a moment and then walk down the other skull line tunnel . CUT to : ext . petit pont - night the charree body of gaston and the two cop lie on the river bank , near the wreck . leduc survey they with a few other cop . Napier lean out of a nearby car with a radio handset . the bell of nearby Notre Dame begin to ring . napier ( french ) it 's headquarters sir . they get a report . leduc rush over and grab the handset . leduc ( french - into radio ) what have you get ? desk officer ( v.o. ) just a crazy call from a girl , probably fuck up on drug . I would not bother you but you say call with anything unusual . leduc what do she say ? desk officer ( v.o. ) something about a monster , underground , in the catacomb under place denfert . leduc I need two tactical assault squad at place denfert immediately . you can tell the commissioner it 's a code red . desk officer ( v.o. ) but Inspector , this girl , I would not call she reliable . leduc now ! desk officer ( v.o. ) yes sir . leduc throw the handset back at Napier . the church bell strike twelve . CUT to : int . catacomb Andy walk along carefully , shine the flashlight ahead of he , he gun at the ready . his breathe get heavier . his face get redder . more sweat . his heart pound in he ear . the tunnel follow a serpentine path , with many smaller passage and anteroom off to the side . Andy see some flicker light reflect off the wet skull up ahead . he approach it . it 's come out of a antechamber . he hold he gun out in front of he and step quietly . he peer into the antechamber and find two half eaten body it 's the old hag and the wino he see in the tunnel at the first party . they have be kill very recently - blood still drip from they gape wound . he kneel over the wino 's body . there 's a big chunk miss from he neck . Andy stare at the bloody flesh , transfix . he shudder with a sudden spasm . his breathe get quick . more sweat . he reach towards the wound , he hand shaking , and touch the flesh . blood run down he finger . he slowly bring he hand back towards he mouth . terrence ( o.s. ) do not do it , Andy . fight it with everything you have get . Andy look up to see uncle terrence , stump and all , sit across from he . andy uncle terrence , you be ... terrence yeah , I finally " check out " , thank God . but there 's a bit of unfinish business . andy Claude . terrence I never think I would ask this of anyone , Andy , but do I a favor and kill the evil son-of - a- bitch , will you ? a snarl cut he off . Andy jump up , step out into the main tunnel and shine he light . the beast round a curve and come into view about thirty yard away . it 's run straight at Andy and close fast . Andy aim the gun . bang ! a miss - the bullet shatter a skull on the wall . bang ! another miss . bang ! the bullet hit the beast in the shoulder . it stumble but keep come . bang ! a miss . Andy aim carefully . andy c'mon you mother ... bang ! a direct hit in the chest . the beast fall . snarl in pain . bang ! Andy blast again , but the beast drag itself to the safety of a recess area off the tunnel , out of Andy 's line of fire . Andy walk forward , listen to the horrible wail of the beast , thrashing around in a puddle on the floor . Andy aim he gun and he flashlight as he near the corner of the recess . the wail and thrashing settles down . Andy proceed cautiously . he round the corner , and shine the light on serafine naked , bleed from bullet wound in the chest , shoulder , and neck . she lie still . Andy sigh with anguish . he drop to he knee . andy no! oh God ! he put down he gun and cradle she head in he hand . she 's breathe - just barely . she look into he eye . her voice be weak . andy oh god. shit ... serafine Andy ... she reach up feebly and manage to grab the switchblade from he back pocket . she click it open and hand it to Andy . serafine do it . Andy 's shaking , shudder - he breathe erratic . andy no . it 's over . he shakily press the gun to he own head . terrence ( o.s. ) do not , Andy . stop Claude . Andy look up . terrence , marcel , Amy , and a dozen other mutilate , rotting undead , presumably serafine 's victim , stand in the tunnel , look on solemnly . marcel ( o.s. ) either way work for we ... amy but you better hurry . Claude 's stentorian voice echo 's from beyond a curve in the tunnel . claude ( o.s. ) you can not turn back Andy . claude in human form , walk towards the glow from Andy 's flashlight around the bend . his naked body be taut and muscular - it look thirty year young than it should . his face be young too - he look the picture of a powerful young warrior . claude " man be something to be surpass ! a rope , stretch over the abyss between the animal and the superman " . neitzche be right , Andy . and now , I have cross that abyss . I be no longer man or beast , but man and beast . adam have live up to its name . I be the first new man , and my God it be fucking magnificent ! you be already half way there Andy . feel the power in you vein . with adam , you could harness it . master it . let it transform you into something more glorious than you wildest dream ! andy be shaking violently - on the brink of transform . serafine raise the blade to he again . she 's fade fast . serafine do not let I die for nothing ... Andy wince with pain - he brow bulge , he tooth enlarge , the transformation be start . uncle terrence be worried . terrence Andy ! claude still walk . the light be get brighter - he 's almost around the bend . he 's buzzing with a scary kind of euphoria . claude the choice be yours Andy : deny you own blood , die a unfulfilled child , or face the challenge of mind and body united at last . which will it be ? he round the corner and see Andy hunch over serafine 's body . he keep walk . claude do not be confuse by old belief . this be beyond mere word like good or evil . you have to feel it ! andy whip around , blood stream from he mouth , gun aim , grip rock solid , he feature back to normal , eye lock on the beast with determine , control rage . andy feel this . blam ! blam ! he pump out two shot . one hit Claude in the upper leave part of he chest . the other hit he cheek , exit at the back of he jaw and shatter the cheekbone of a skull on the wall behind he . he scream in pain and dive for cover into a SMALL intersecting tunnel . Andy get up , pause for a second to look back at serafine 's face . it look peaceful . the undead be go . he start after Claude . claude sit lean against a wall of skull . the face wound be bleed but not mortal . claude stupid boy ... with a awesome rage he grimace and start to transform he left side - he muscle swell around the chest wound and the bullet actually squeeze out of the hole and fall to the ground . the wound close up as the flesh keep morph and grow hair . andy creep around the corner , gun and flashlight aim , towards the small tunnel . when the flashlight beam fall on Claude , he 's in mid pounce - rocketing at Andy with bad intent . bang ! Andy get off a shot - it hit Claude in he thigh as he tackle Andy . they wrestle , Claude in mid-transformation , he leave side further along , hairier , he facial bone shifting . his thigh swell and ripple and the bullet squirt out of its wound . his leave arm , mostly transformed , grip Andy 's gun hand . bang ! Andy squeeze off a shot , blow off the tip of Claude 's transform thumb . crunch ! Claude clamp he vice like grip and crush the gun . Andy wrench he hand away as Claude hurl he off like a rag doll . Andy fly through the air and smashes into the tunnel wall . the wall of ancient skull and bone shatter and collapse around Andy - bury he in ossify fragment . Andy lift himself out of the pile and look at Claude , who lie on the floor finish he transformation . his right side be catch up with he leave and he head be now more beast than human . all the while he glare at Andy and do not appear vulner able . Andy take advantage of the moment to get the hell away - he run into the tunnel , leave Claude behind to finish transform . Andy make a few quick turn through the maze - it seem he have evade Claude for the moment . he pull the grenade from he pocket , turn off he flashlight and pad along softly , listen for the beast . suddenly a sharp sound from behind he make Andy jump . voice ( french - scream ) stop where you be ! hand up ! Andy turn around . a scared cop be aim he gun at he , shine a flashlight in he face . Andy put he hand up . cop ( English ) it 's you . you should be dead in that wreck with bazin and racine ! andy shhh ! be quiet , man ! we be not alone - cop shut up ! save you storey . the only thing I want to hear be you begging for you life . I want to see you suffer , like they do . ( he see Andy 's look of terror ) haha ! you be scared now , eh? come on . where 's the scary monster now huh ? ha ha ... we will see who - a roar cut he off . the cop spin around - the beam from he flashlight flooding the beast with light as it spring through the air at he . Andy run . cop ( french ) my God ! he get off one shot - it hit the beast in the arm , but it 's too late . the beast clamp it 's massive jaw onto the cop 's neck and bite he head clean off . the head roll across the floor and come to rest in a pile of skull . CUT to : serafine's body in the tunnel . two queasy cop stand over it . leduc approach they . leduc ( french ) what have you get ? cop ( french - disturb ) it 's the girl . someone cut out she heart . leduc ( matter of factly ) good . the cop look at he like he 's nut . CUT to : andy be crouch at a corner of two catacomb tunnel , grenade clutch in he hand . he hear something and carefully peer around the corner . andy'' Pov at the end of the long tunnel of bone , the beast lurk at another intersection , sniff the air and growl , some forty yard away . Andy duck back around the corner . he hold up the grenade , pull the pin , and whisper a quick prayer ... andy ( to himself ) just throw a strike ... with a determine grunt , he pitch the grenade around the corner and then duck back . suddenly the beast 's growl stop . Andy grit he tooth and close he eye , await the explosion . just silence . then a small skitter sound close by . he open he eye . the grenade skitter to a stop , a couple of foot from he . andy shit ! he bolt and get five step from it when ka - boom !! it explode behind he , launching he through the air along with a spray of bone and rubble . he land twenty foot away and clutches he leave leg , wince in pain . andy ahh ! Son of a bitch ! leduc and the cop turn towards the sound of the blast . leduc ( french ) let 's go . andy struggle to he foot . he click on he flashlight and see the blast have cave in the tunnel - a wall of rubble seal Andy off from the beast . Andy breath a sigh of relief . at least he 's get time . he start limping away from the wall of rubble ... smash !! the rubble explode again as the beast crash through it like a freight train , send rock and bone fly . Andy run as fast as he can with he bad leg . the beast close in on he quickly . Andy jump up for a narrow open in the tunnel ceiling . he grab the metal rung inside and pull himself up into the vertical shaft as the beast pounce . the beast catch Andy 's foot with its claw . Andy pull out of he sneaker and just barely elude the beast 's grasp . Andy climb up the metal rung in this old service shaft - barely wide enough for he body . the beast claw and gnashes he tooth at the open but can not fit in - for now . Andy reach a iron grate , push it up and crawl out into another drippy tunnel like the one near the party - no skull . there 's a lot of water in this one . it look familiar . claude be transform back into human shape . his face be now more human than beast . he scream into the vertical passage in a growl , not quite human voice . claude you have no advantage , Andy ! my body have no limit ! andy look around in the tunnel . he see something ( we do not ) . he limp off towards it . claude in he human shape , crawl into the vertical service passage and climb up the rung . Claude emerge from the shaft into the dark tunnel . Andy 's no where in sight . we hear only drip water . claude so this be how you choose to die . hiding like a scared rabbit . just praying I do not find you ... andy crouch under a concrete ledge in a very dark space . Claude 's voice sound distant , echoey , and compete with the closer sound of trickle water . claude ( o.s. ) well I assure you , you nervous sweat gland will give you away soon enough my tremble little rabbit . claude begin transform . he fall to the ground and groan with joyous pain as he body noisily transform . claude ahhhh ! it's fucking glorious ! aaaarrggghhh !! andy huddle in he hide place , look out into the darkness . andy ( to himself ) c'mon already ... a glint of light appear in a puddle on the ground . Andy 's eye widen . claude his head be transform - he exaltation become more animalistic . claude / beast rraaaaaarrrrrrggg !! leduc still in the catacomb , hear Claude 's yell echo through the tunnel . he think it come from above . he run towards a stairway . the beast Claude be fully transformed . he sniff the air , lock in on a scent and set off through the tunnel . andy watch intently as the light in the puddle get brighter . it start reflect on the wet concrete wall of this tunnel . andy ( to himself ) now . Andy click on the flashlight , shine it at himself , and yell for all he 's worth . andy hey you dirty evil fuck ! c'mon and get I ! I dare you ugly ass ! ( etc . ) the beast cock its head towards Andy 's taunt . the sound of flow water be close by . the beast pounce towards Andy 's voice , into the wet , slippery stairway that Andy sly down that first night in the tunnel . the beast lose it 's foot and slip helplessly down the slick , erode stone , growling furiously . leduc run down a tunnel , towards Andy 's scream voice . the beam of he flashlight illuminate the landing ahead of he , halfway down the stairwell . he see the beast slide by , claw in vain for a grip . a metro train scream around the bend , lighting up the whole metro tunnel . Andy be still scream from he refuge under a ledge . the beast shoot out of the stairwell and land on the track . it look up , freeze for a split second - it 's horrible snarling face be catch in the speed train 's harsh glare ... smash !! Impact . the beast be suck under the wheel and ground to bit between track and wheel . leduc at the landing , look down the stairwell as the train rush past . andy huddle next to the pass train , clenches he fist in victory . andy yes ! the train pass . Andy get up and shine he flashlight around the ground . the beast body lie in chunks , smear , and puddle . the part begin morph back into Claude 's human form - a thigh here , a piece of spine there ... leduc inch he way down the last few foot of the stairway , use the rusty pipe for a handhold . he walk up with he flashlight and aim it at the beast' head , which finish turn back into Claude 's head . leduc glance at Andy . he take a small envelope from he pocket and shake out a single silver bullet . he load it into he gun and fire straight into Claude 's lifeless head . leduc ( to Andy ) I always want to do that . I see it in a movie . andy what about I ? leduc my man think you die and float away in the seine . if I want to , I could let they believe that . ( a long pause ) but that would be illegal ... Andy look at he carefully , try to read he . leduc 's face be impassive . CUT to : int . courtroom , night the prosecutor , who speak English with a thick french accent , have a extremely sarcastic look on he face . he wheel around dramatically , and confront Andy , who sit uneasily on the stand , wiping the sweat from he brow . prosecutor you intend we to believe that you commit this murder because the moon be full and you be somehow magically transformed into a huge powerful beast with a insatiable appetite for human flesh , be that right ? andy you do not understand ! the prosecutor turn away towards the jury to mock Andy . prosecutor oh ? so I do not understand ? you think it 's I who have a hard time come to grip with reality ? the juror snigger at Andy 's expense . but wait , suddenly they look concerned - something 's wrong . the prosecutor continue , he back to Andy . prosecutor you think I be the one who need my head examine ? I do not understand ? well , Mr. McDermott , enlighten I . he wheel around to Andy and come face to face with the beast huge and ravenous . it go for he throat . prosecutor good God !!! aaaaaaaa !!! the beast tear the prosecutor apart , spraying blood everywhere . the jury - oddly enough - break into polite applause . one less lawyer ... CUT to : int . airplane - night Andy wake up with a start - a concerned stewardess be lean over he . disturb passengers crane they neck , peer at he like he 's nut . stewardess you be scream in you sleep , sir . be you okay ? Andy look around , get he bearing . he take a deep breath and shake it off . andy yeah . it be just , um ... something I eat . the stewardess nod and smile , a little uneasily . he pick up the bloody Mary from he table and gulp some down . a little bit of tomato juice dribble down he chin . he look out the window . ext . airplane it fly along over a blanket of cloud , past the huge , silver moon . the song be cat Stevens ' " moonshadow " , sardonically cover by nirvana , with the oh so appropriate lyric : " if I ever lose my leg ... " roll credit