leo mccarey be 's " a affair to remember " written for the screen by Alfred haye revise final script anuary 30 , 15957 6 723 " a affair to_remember " fade in long shot - new york CITY - from AIR - winter ( snow ) : dissolve to : ext . radio CITY - new york dissolve to : close shot - american tv news ' commentator commentator flash ! I have some great news for we mere man , nickie ferrante , the famous man among woman , be go out of circulation ! this big dame hunter will not scatter he shot any more . this time it 's marriage . he sail today from Europe , and lois Clarke will be at the gangplank in New York palpitate for he . six hundred million buck - and lovely lois , too . oh , brother ! for six hundred million buek I would mar : a ostrich ! ( how much time have I get ? : close shot - french tv news ' commentator in contrast to the american the frenchman be very suave . french commentator ( in french ) nickie ferrante , the master in the art of make love . - the man who know how to love they and leave they happy - have finally decide to try a new ad - venture for he ... marriage ! the fortunate lady be miss lois Clarke , the american heiress to a fortune of six hundred million american dollar . mon dieu , how much would that be in francs ? ( nickle derrante , le maitre de l'art d'aimer , l'homme qui sait les aimer et les quitte heureuse a finallement dedide 's de tenter une adventure pour lui toute neuve - le mariage ! l'heureuse élue , heureuse et fortunée n'est autre que miss lois Clarke , l'heritiere americaine de six cent million de dollar - american dollar - mon dieu comblen cela '' ferait - il en francs ?... ) 723 a- 5 close shot - english tv newscaster in contrast to the feverish tempo of the american and the suave frenchman , he and he broad " a " take a leisurely and rather bored attitude . english newscaster as I view the news - here 's a rather choice tidbit -- nickie ferrante sail tonight to enter into matrimony with one of America 's -- er -- industrial nobility -- rock and gravel I believe --- ( he peer closely at news sheet ) w- ah --- miss lois Clarke ( long pause while he scan the page . as boredom set in ) we -~ there you have it . long shot - ship at sea - dusk ext . promenade deck - steamship - dusk passenger be strolling in evening dress , have they after dinner smoke on the balmy deck as the camera truck up to the entrance to . the ship 's interior as a page boy step onto the deck , take another look at the name on he list , reflect interest and pride in he mission , take a deep breath and . call out : page boy signore ferrante ? a man no. the man , with he lady friend , exit as the boy turn and call again : page boy signore ferrante ! he start down the deck , camera follow he as he speak to another man . page boy signore ferrante ? second man no -- be he on board ? the boy grin as he go on down the deck , call : cont. 723 6 cont . page boy signore ferrante ! signore ferrante ! ( stop at stairway and look up questioningly ) signore ferrante ? nickle come down the step and stop . page boy there 's a phone call , from Paris , signore . page boy exit as three middle - age school teacher rush in to nickie surround he , first woman oh , Mr. ferrante - will you autograph this picture of you , please ? write something we will always remember . second woman something sizzling ! nickie I will have to postpone this pleasure until later - I be want on the telephone - -- if you will excuse I --- he bow and exit . dissolve to : close shot ~ nickie in telephone booth : nickie but gabriella , I do not dream you ear so much -- I consider myself you plaything -- int .. boudoir - paris gabriella be lie on she bed , scantily clad in sheer negligee . she be very angry and volatile . gabr . ( slight accent ) how could you speak of love to I -- say the thing you do - and you about to be marry ? do you remember what you whisper when I give you the cigarette case ? : 10 il 12 13 723 int . telephone booth - nickie nickie of course ! -- I say -- hello , hello - can you hear I , gabriella ? if believe we be disconnect -- operator -- int , gabriella's boudoir -- close shot 's gabriella she know this be a ruse . she pick up a paper ikmife . gabriella we be not disconnect ! I have in my hand a knife - I wish it be in you back ! close shot - nickie in phone booth he smile somewhat cynically and hang up . then discover he be without he cigarette case . he look off . reverse angle the three woman be peer in at he . full shot : as nickle come out of the booth , a large man and he wife come bound into the scene . hathaway . ( extend he hand ) oh , Mr. ferrante . my name 's hathaway . ned hathaway . this be my wife , Mrs. hathaway . we sure be : pleased to be travel with you ... nickie ( mumble ) I be delighted .... hathaway ( go right on ) we be get up a game of bridge and Mrs , hathaway and I be wonder if you would care to join we . my sister Florence be travel with we and she could be the fourth hand ... . nickie you would not want I . I cheat , ee hurry off , leave the hathaways stare after he . : 14 15 a C 16 723 ext . promenade deck - night nickie be discover take a walk . he pass a interior porthole -- see something - move closer and call o.s . nickie I beg you pardon . a beautiful face appear at the opposite side of the port - hole . the porthole make a lovely frame for the beautiful face . this be Terry mckay . terry yes ? nickie I notice you have my cigarette case . . terry I might as well confess , I be a jewel thief . closeup of nickie & terry nickie ( disbely ) I do not believe it . terry all right , then , I be return it to the purser , I find it in the -- wait a minute -- how do I lmow it 's yours ? nickie ( impressed ) there be a inscription to I on the inside . closeup - terry she open the case , terry ( read ) to nickalo -- Terry look at he with slightly arched eyebrow , but with a serious demeanor . terry . do not tell I you be the famous -- ( nickie look embarrassed ) -- I have read so much about you ! let 's see , be it in life or look --? cont . 16 cont. nickie ( embarrassed ) woman 's Home companion . terry oh. 17 closeup - nickie 18 19 723 nickie : ( in mock embarrassment ) now , may I have my cigarette case ? two shot - featuring terry she start to read the rest of the inscription - then : terry this be frightfully intimate . I just kmow enough french to be embar - rass . can you clean it up a little and tell I in effect what it say ? nickie in french ? terry ( smile ) no , in English . nickie well , it say , in effect , ' in memory ‘of three wonderful night on La gabriella ! -- ( hastily ) - that 's the name of she yacht . ( nodd ) I guess that 's you all right . she hand he the cigarette case . two shot from nickie' angle ' he study she a long moment . her face be still dead serious . nickie do you write the song ' I will never smile again ? " Terry 's manner soften and she give he a infectious smile . cont . 19 cont . she humorously shake she head negatively and exit . terry no -- but I may write one call " moon over LA gabriella . " ( abruptly ) do you think it will ever take th place of night baseball ? . . nickie watch she off , very much intrigue . 20 mo , shot - shoot toward door nickie enter , gee through door , look around , then . disappear inside as camera move forward along window . camera stop as nickie come out of door and look around deck for Terry . then he pace back and forth . come out from inside and watch he pace a moment . terry what 's the matter - do you lose it again ? she grin and walk out . nickie look - camera pan he to she . nickie I be in trouble -- serious trouble . terry well , I could have tell you -- play - ing around yacht . the poor thing ! nickie : I must talk to someone . terry well , I be not very good at that sort of thing - I talk a lot - I be try to break myself of the habit -- nickie no -- you have a honest face , I ean trust you , can not I ? terry ( take small mirror from she purse and look into it ) yes , I guess so , cont . o 723 20 cont . al 22 nickie . ( take she arm ) come with I . he start lead she to door as she speak : terry '' yes , but the captain have a honest face , too -- why do not you tell he you trouble ? they exit inside . int . ship' corridor - dolly shot - night nickie and Terry come around the corner and start forward as camera move back with they . halfway down , he turn to she . nickie shall we go to you cabin or mine ? terry ( hesitate in she walk ) oh -- m-mine . nickie ( as they walk on ) maybe mine be closer - it 's just - ( step a little ahead of she and indicate off ) terry ( crossing to door behind he ) mine be here . she open door and enter as he react , then go to door , give little look back toward he room , then follow she through door as she say : terry it 's not that I be prudish -- he start to close door after himself , int . terry's suite - mo . shot - night the door open and Terry , follow by nickie , enter as she speak . cont . oo 22 cont . terry - it 's just that my mother tell I never to enter a man 's room in .month end in " R " , nickie you mother must be a very clever woman . what be you name ? terry Terry mckay . Terry mckay , and I be travel alone . ( as he start into room ) be that by any chance what be troubling you ? nickie ( stop and turn to she ) ( walk back and look around ) oh , this be fine -- you save my life , you know - I be bored to death -- I have not see one attractive girl on this boat since we leave -- not one . it 's terrible -- it 's not for I -- life should be bright -- it should be beautiful and bubbly , like champagne . I get scared - I say to myself " do not beautiful woman travel anymore ? evidently not . ' and then I see you and it be all right -- I be save - I hope . ( offer she case ) yes . cigarette ? terry no thanks . ( walk back toward chair ) have you be get result with a line like that ? ( sit on arm of chair ) or would I be surprised ? nickie ( sit down ) if you be surprised it would surprise I . cont . oc ) 0 ) 22 cont.1 | terry that sound like a nasty crack , I . ! could make a few too if I feel like it . | | , nickie I be sure you could . I know I can . nickie that 's what I say . | terry | I think I will -- do you fiancee - | kmow the ! lady of the yacht gabriella ?! . nickie yes - it be she best friend . he rise and go toward veranda as she speak , . ' aus ) terry ° friendly group . ' | nickie _ the boat be go awfully fast . ( he start back to she ) only six and one-half day till we get in . be there any reason why - from now on ... it should not be pink champagne ? : she look at Ken 's picture which be on a table with a huge vase of fresh cut flower . so do he . then , eross and sit on the other arm of chair . nickie : ( indicate picture ) be that he ? terry uh-huh . Flowers every day . ( andicate vase of flower ) nickie Nice - mmm ? ( she nod yes ) Rich ? cont . - 22 cont.2 nickie ( cont . ) ( she nod and finger she pearl , which do not escape nickie 's notice ) he look healthy , too . : terry handball - twice a week ... nickie ( he wince at the handball ) and a massage - before he see you ? terry four time a week , nickie where be he now ? terry reno. nickie Business ? terry not. exactly . . nickie pleasure ? a beat . : : terry ( slightly turn she head ) divorce . nickie ( nis eyebrow arch ) and he suggest a trip to Europe whi . . boos messy , be not 1 % ? he nod . a beat , " _ nickie and I suppose he would not approve of pink cham ...? both no~-000 ... 12 cont . 723 o 12 . / 22 cont.3 ' . he examine the picture again . nickie very touch - I mean , he trust you alone ... in Europe . be not it ? nickie | he must feel very sure of himself , terry horribly . ' nickie ( a beat - hopefully ) no mistake ? - no little slip ? tiny error ? ( sadly ) '' not one . five year . be not it awful ? ( as ) nickle look at Ken 's picture again . | '' nickie . . | he look very engage . terry : : you can imagine how attractive he be . | | when I can resist so charming a person a8 =-- ( she indicate nickie ) | | nickie . , _ , ( rise : | . I think I will go now . ( he edge back . : toward door ) : well - there 's still deck tennis - keno - shuffleboard ... and a early plunge in the pool ... terry ( astonished ) do not tell I you be embarrassed ? nickie yes . yes , as a matter - of - fact , I be . and if you do not mind , I will take my pride for a walk ... a ( open door - hesitates ) C ) unless , you care to have ... terry dinner with you ? I would love to , and go out , he close the door behind they . ! 723 dissolve to : feeteetiwdnesel +: - 723 23 13 int . dine room - night Terry and nickle be seat at a table . people be have dinner in the background . ( sweetly ) and when you be little - what do you nurse read to you at bedtime ... the memoir of casanova ? '' nickie ( solemnly ) every night and then we would turn out the light ! Terry react - nickie add hastily . nickie I be only so big -- ( he indicate a little tot ) : terry ( insidiously ) you must have have a happy childhood . nickie beam . terry and woman - you have know quite a few , have not you ? nickie mmm ... terry ( helpfully ) . or maybe few be the wrong word ? : nickie let 's say it 's not precise . terry ( calculate ) dozen ? nickie ( a vague gesture ) terry would a IBM machine help ? before he can answer the waiter enter . cont . | | | | 23 cont . waiter _ I beg pardon , signore ferrante - would you like I to reserve this table for you every night ? nickie look at Terry - she nod . the waiter exit . ° nickie ( a smile ) Way not ? . terry ( pick up where she leave off ) and I suppose they have all be madly in love with you ... ( he agree ) but , of course , you have not mich respect for they ... ( he agree to this , too ) ee still , you have always be fair in you judgment . : nickie I have be more than fair . I idealize they ... every woman . I meet I put up there - ( hold he hand up high . but the longer I know she -- and the better I lmow she ... his hand have drop below the table . he seem surprised to find it miss . he discover it below the tablecloth . he shrug . nickie . now , let 's talk about you . terry 723 no-o00 ... not tonight . the statistic wear I out . we will talk about I some other time ... we have nothing plan for tomorrow . nickie I have . terry no - we will talk about I tomorrow . dissolve to : o 723 15 ext . SUN deck - day - traveling shot nickie enter and walk past the row of deck chair in which woman of all age and size be stretch out with a lot of leg show . he finally stop in front of one deck chair in which a woman have a hat pull down over she face . nickie I never forget a face , the woman push back the hat , revealing herself to be Terry . terry ( look up at nickie ) clever . nickie sit down in the chair next to she . nickie do not you mother warn you about sun deck ? - terry yes , she tell I to ' watch out for -- freckle .! nickie ( look at she ) any place in particular ? a page Boy come along the sun deck with a sheaf of radio - gram , call : page boy signore ferrante -- nickie ( stop he ) that 's I , boy . ( he tip he , and take the radiogram ) pardon I , miss mckay . boy ( turn back ) mckay ? I have a radiogram for you , 00 6 terry ( take radiogram ) pardon I , Mr. ferrante . cont . o o 723 16 both Terry and nickie stand back to back read they radiogram . as they finish they turn face each other . nickie and terry ( in unison ) from he ? from she ? both nod . new angle nickie now , where be we -- you be about to tell I where you be bear . terry Boston ... nickie and from there ...? terry I grow up quickly , go to New York and get a job sing in a night club from ten to three in the morning . then the manager use to chase I around he office till about four - then I go home . one night , Ken come along ... nickie oh , yes ... : terry and he say I do not belong in a place like that ... he say that ... huh ? nickie I do not say anything . but where do he say you belong ? . terry well , he say that - er - well , he say I belong on Park Avenue with a lovely view of ... of he ? nickie terry well , in a way ... cont . 25 cont . 17 's nickie and of course he be in business ? terry sort of ... nickie and a penthouse on Park Avenue be a ideal place for you to improve yourself ? terry yes ... so I study hard . nickie sing ? terry various ' thing . nickie so that one day you would make a charm - ing and lovely wife . terry . that be the general idea . . nickie and then - you discover he be marry . : terry no. nickie not marry ? : terry ' separate . ( a pause ) well , that sort of bring we up to date . now my life 's a open book . nickie that 's only one page . terry that 's the only page . photographer ( off ) I beg you pardon ! cont . o 18 ! _ 25 cont. 1 they both turn and look off and see the ship 's photog - rapher with camera raise , he snap it . photographer grazia -- thank you very much . nickie turn back to rail . ' terry oh -- that 's bad ... ah -- ( she pantomime they together ) nickie oh -- ( to - photographer ) that 's a beautiful camera you have there . photographer . oh , yes -- . | ( ug ) ' nickie | . . ( take plate out and : pull inside out and walk back to rail ) take very clear picture , eh ? photographer oh , very clear - yes - ( as he see what nickie 1s do ) : oh , please , signore -- stopt he grab plate and hold it behind he - Terry grab it , and as he turn to she , she drop it overbdard - he glare , then exit , furiously . . ' terry I guess " it 's no good for either one of we to be see together . right or wrong , people will talk . it have better be goodbye . nickie what 's the matter - afraid ? terry of you ? no. C ) __ nickie . but after all , we be on the same ship - NY there be still five day - you know . cont. 723 25 cont.2 terry oh , you can take long walk in the sunshine -- : nickie what will I do if it rain ? terry no - it 's no good . nickie I see -- it 's particularly no good for you . , 1 terry | yes , that 's right . be see with you be news , and I do not want to get my picture in the paper . so I guess we would better - sub-divide ... he nod , she smile and they exit in different direction . 26 = mo . shot , she stop as she look down behind ventilator and see photographer crouching over he camera . she beckon to nickie . terry psst ! | | . | nickie re-enter as she run back , pick up plate and | nickie speak . | nickiz ( to photographer ) } you should not have do that ! Terry throw plate to he . nickie . we tell you -- ( catch plate and hold it up ) see ? ( throw plate in ocean ) it 's no good ! a ee dust off hand and exit . photographer stand there C ) glaring . Terry pass photographer , then hurry past he and out as he stare after she . dissolve to : 27 723 20 ext . upper deck - mo . shot - night nickie come . up ' the step and see a little boy hang from the beam . boy hey ! get I out of here , will you ? camera pan with nickie as he cross to boy and take he down from hang position , seating he on rail . boy gee , I get up there and I could not get back ! nickie ( slap boy 's leg , then go into business of game ) can you do this ? boy sure . they play slapping game . nickie good = you be quite a guy . ( he start off ) boy ( pull nickie back ) '' - you must be quite a guy yourself . nickie say -- yes ? why ? boy well , everybody on the ship 's talk - ing about you . nickie no -- what do they say about I ? boy I do not know - - on account of every time they start talk about you , . they make I leave the room . nickie be that so ? they both laugh . nickie start off , meet Terry who have be watch from the stair . cont . 21 27 cont . terry cute ! nickie , fuss , pantomime , then bow and go down deck . | | Terry come forward and see boy . | terry : you would better be careful there , chum - | e-you will hurt yourself . when I be : little like you , I fall and break my 's leg . boy , how be it now ? terry huh ? -- well , it 's all right . boy well , what be you crabbing about ? Terry be stop . she turn . terry { I -- I be not crabbing -- I be sorry -- whe I oo . . : 1 poy she give he a look and walk on . 28 int , bar - mo , shot - night mo people seat at table . nickie enter from the outside . | camera pan he to bar . | . nickie | | Champagne cocktail , please . bartender yes , sir . nickie | have you get cigarettes ? bartender the cigarette stand , sir . nickie ( start - stop ) have you get pink champagne ? bartender ' ) oh , yes . nickie exit . Terry enter from outside and camera pan she over to bar . cont . 22 28 cont . terry Champagne cocktail , please . bartender | yes , madame . terry ( as bartender bring up second glass ) - have you any pink champagne ? bartender oh , yes . the bartender mix drink . nickie re-enter and pick he drink up . nickie and Terry turn to each other and smile , then drink . nickie I change my table to a table for one , as he speak a blonde move in and sit next to Terry , lean over to hear they speak . terry so do I . nickie ( in a low voice ) | it 's too bad it have to be like that -- after such a delightful dinner last night -- Terry become 's conscious of people all listen , turn to nickie . terry do you speak gaelic ? nickie fluently . terry ( in gaelic ) let 's leave here . Terry smile , then give the blonde a dirty look , lean over and blow into she ear softly . she rise and nickie walk with she to the door - camera pan with they . i they look at each other , then exit in opposite direction . — / dissolve to : 723 23 29 int . dine room on ship - evening passenger dining . the passenger seat in the f.g. murmur to each other , look around interestedly as nickie be show to he table . 30 mo . shot the waiter enter follow by Terry . they walk back toward corner chair , disclose nickle seat , menu over | face . the waiter seat Terry as nickie see she , then the waiter exit . Terry look ardund , see people off scene watch , turn and see nickie . both react . terry | ( mitter ) | this be what be kmown as fool the world ! nickie ~ yese .. '' terry : everybody 's look at we -- this be awful ! nickis what do you say ? ( as he lean back ) terry I say this be awful ! I be go to leave ! she rise . he rise . they ad lib . he start to go , but she half pull he back , then turn and exit , leave she purse on chair , nickie see the purse on chair , pick it up , look around , helpless , then put it inside coat pocket . the waiter re-enter and go to chair , look for the purse . nickie see he , pull purse out and hand it to he , then rise as he reach for cigarette case . nickie you do not think I make a practice of this -- - the waiter reach for the case , but nickie 's pull it away and pantomime : " no} this be mine ! " he turn and exit furiously . '' ) / dissolve to : 723 723 31 32 33 3h 2h int . ship be pool - morning Bright and sunny . Terry enter . she be wear a dark robe . she take a deep breath of the crisp morning air . she 's sleep well and feel wonderful . ' then strip the robe . she be wear a white bathing suit . she go up on the diving board , poise , dive . camera quickly pan to : : nickie - mo . shot as he enter . he be wear a black robe . he have not sleep well and do not feel wonderful . the pool look desert . he take the robe off . he be wear black trunk . he ago up on the board and dive . we close shot as Terry and nickle bob up in the pool . ( innocently ) do you want to say something ? nickie ( strangling ) I be see more of you all the time , ' offscene , the ship 's whistle hoot . Terry look off . terry we be come into naple . be you go ashore ? nickie ( stiffly ) yes. terry anyone I know ? nickie ( stiffly ) I be call on a lady . terry you really do get around . she swim to poolside . nickie follow she . cont . 723 revised = " a affair to remember " ~ 2 / 2 ! Z 25 . 32 cont. terry yes . I would love to meet you grandmother , nickie 33 35 435 b35 35 d35 36 to play safe , I will go ashore first and have a horse and carriage wait . Terry and nickie look at each other , then start swim toward pool edge . dissolve to : we we we ext . road - long shot the carriage come up hill toward camera . we ext . road - high angle , shoot down - day - ( process ) the carriage with nickie and Terry be come toward camera . ( dialogue to be write after we see location ) reverse angle - carriage - day go up hill along a beautiful vista . dissolve to : ext . villa garden - mo . long shot - day Terry and nickie come up the step and look around the garden . nickie be carry a gift-wrapped package . terry oh , what a divine place ! perfect . I be beginning to think you have a grandmother . cont . 26 36 cont . 37 a-37 . nickie you do ? just a minute -- I will see if she 's there . he hurry toward house . Terry follow slowly . int . house - reverse angle nickie ! ( call ) ( he turn , call again ) janou ! . janou . , not get a answer , he place the package on the piano , then walk outside to meet Terry , . . ext . garden - terry and nickie : nickie . she 's not here ...0h , she mst be in the chapel . ee go toward chapel . suddenly a large dog come bound - ing out , bark a welcome . nickie stop to pet he . camera pan up : nickie hello - hello , Jacques -- still remember I ? : terry what be it about this place ? some - thing about it make you feel you want to whisper . there 's such peace ° here -- it 's like another world . nickie my grandmother 's world . terry tell I a little more about she . nickie my grandfather be in the diplomatic service , they live all over the world . this be he last post . he die here ... so she stay on to be near he . he be bury there beside the chapel . she must be wait - I think a little impatiently - for the day she will join he . po 21 38 close seot - toward chapel the door open disclose grandmother , she see nickie . : grandmother nickalo ! i nickie run in and they hug each other . grandmother ( in french ) nickalo , my dear ! why do not you tell I you be arrive ? ( Nicholas , mon petit , pourquoi not m'as tu pas prevenue ?... ) - nickie ( in french ) I want to surprise you . ( je voulais the faire une surprise . ) grandmother . ( in french ) yy ) so you be go to be marry ! ao ( alor , c'est vrai , cela , tu vas ( . the marier ? ) nickie ( in french ) married ? I do not know ... but you be get young -- you be ten year young ! how do you do that ? ( I marier ? oh , je not sais pas ... mais tu n'arrete pas de rajeunir ... tu. as zeyount de dix ans} comment fais -tu ? grandmother ( laugh , hug he see Terry over he shoulder = in french ) be this the girl ? ( ctest la jeune fille ? ) nickie ( in french ) no , ( non . ) ( break embrace , start forward with grandmother - in English ) : May I present Terry mckay -- : | | | 723 o 39 mo . close shot - including terry nickie ( to Terry ) she think you be the girl I be go to marry . grandmother how do you do ? terry how do you do ? grandmother ( to nickie + in french ) she be charming . I like she very much . ( elle est charmante , elle I plait beaucoup . ) ( to Terry - in English ) | oh , pardon . I be only say I like you very mich . terry thank you . I be glad . grandmother if you will excuse I , I will sit down for a moment . nickie oh , pardon --- grandmother I be longer at my prayer nowadays -- . ( sit down ) <> and my lmee -- well , they be as old as I am. ( to Terry ) be you English ? no , I be american , grandmother american ! do you know , my dear , I have a special fondness for America . it be my husband 's first post after we marry , terry ( > really ? .. . cont. 29 39 cont . grandmother yes ... in fact , we go to Washington on we honeymoon . Mr. Theodore Roosevelt be you President . his daughter Alice be marry in the White House , and we all go to the wedding . I remember the bride - she be lovely ... and cause such a sensation - she do not wear a bustle . ( she smile remember } it be the second american revolution . terry you have such a lovely place here . grandmother thank you . we ) terry I could stay on forever . : grandmother you be too young for that . it be a@ good place to sit and remember , but you still have to create you memory . ew Terry walk toward the chapel a little . grandmother would you like to go inside the chapel ? terry May I ? Terry start for the chapel , and grandmother rise . grandmother how long have it be for you , nickalo ? : nickie£ well - er <- grandmother - since you be a altar boy . then ( ) you would better go in , too . it will not e hurt you . . ( as Terry start inside ) I will prepare tea . 723 camera pan nickle over to chapel door . he go inside . 723 ho 43 : 30 int . chapel - mo . shot - day Terry , walk slowly , go toward altar and stop . nickie enter , stop and look up at madonna . then both he and Terry move to altar and imeel , look at madonna . - insert - the madonna - close shot look down at they . mo . close shot - terry and nickie look up . there be compassion in what they see ... thought , memory ... the future ? it 1s good for they to be here together , Terry rise , nickie do likewise , embarrassed , cross himself . they start toward door . ext . villa garden - mo . shot - day mario , the elderly family caretaker , and a little girl be in the garden . nickie and Terry come out of the chapel . mario m'sieur nicolas ! ( as nickie , smile , take he hand - in french ) we be glad to see you = you lmow that ! ( oh nous somme bien content de vous voir , vous savez ! ) nickie ( in french ) '' I , too , old fellow . ( mol aussi , mon vieux marius . ) ( start to pick up little girl ) be this a new one ? ( ctest La nouvelle ? ) mario ( in french ) yes , the last . ( out , la derniere . ) nickie ( swinging little girl up - in french ) how many since I have see you ? ( cela fait combien depuis que je not t'si vu ? ) cont . 43 cont . : he sit . the dog come up to he , he pet he . mario ( in french ) : Three . ( trois . ) ' nickie ( to Terry ) mario have have three child since ' I have see he . : ; grandmother ( call out from kitchen window ) i mario say France need man < so | he have seven daughter ! i po all laugh , | ( au ) nickie ( ( rise ) sse well , if you will excuse I , I will go and see the rest of he family . nickie and mario start out , the dog follow . nickle pick up the little girl , perches she on he shoulder . | dolly in on Terry . alone , she look again at the lovely garden , then cross slowly to stone wall . 4 ) | a broad vista from the patio - terry in f.g. the old town and terrace hill below , the sparkling ocean beyond . she think it beautiful - possibly the most beautiful place she have ever see . offscene now : grandmother' voice would you like tea , my dear ? terry ( with a small : start , turn ) : thank you . as the camera pull back , janou take Terry 's arm , they ~ go together toward the open doorway off the garden . 723 723 4s 32 int . live room - as they enter grandmoteer ( a gesture toward the tea table ) I be sorry - I have to let my may go . I have to watch my expense . you see ... ( as she cross to table ) eeelt plan on die when I be eighty - but here I be , eighty - two . so.ee . ( as she begin to pour tea ) : eeeif I be not go to die , I should start save my money . she glance up . Terry be stare at a picture on the wall , it be the view from the patio - terrace hill , .. town , sea . a beat . ~ grandmother ( of the picture ) you like it ? terry yes , it 's charming -- who do that ? grandmother nickalo . . : terry nickie} grandmother he paint it for I , . terry but it 's good . grandmother he be very talented . terry forgive I --‘ you see , I would not have any way of know ... ( sit dow ) cont . i | 723 33 4s cont . grandmother unfortunately , he be also very eritical , the artist in he would create -- the critic destroy . as a result , he have not do anything since . . terry what a pity . grandmother besides , nickalo be too busy -- live , as they call it . terry - ( as grandmother look at tray ) napkin ? grandmother in there . , ( as Terry rise and go to sideboard for napkin ) you be not , like so many young people this day , above house - work , I see . to terry well , there be ten in we family . we all have to do we share or go to bed without supper . ( she sit down ) : grandmother | it 1s really a tremendous excitement to I , this visit . I try to appear calm about it . do not you think I do pretty well ? terry ( patting she hand ) wonderfully well . 46 int . live room - close shot - day grandmother . I love nickalo so much . as a boy he charme we with he piano play - ing . then he study painting . and the worst of it be , he 's pretty good at everything . cont . 723 46 cont . 34 . terry a jack-of-all-talents ? ( hand she cup ) : grandmother ( take cup ) thank you ... thing come too easy to he , and he 1s always attract by the art he be not practice , the place he have not be , the girl he have not meet . terry maybe I should not have meet he . grandmother no , you be different . I do not mind confess to you , my dear , that I have be worried about he . I be frighten sometimes . terry why ? : grandmother that one day life will present a bill to nickala ... and that he . will find it hard to pay . but when I see you with he , I feel better . terry do you ? grandmother yes , my dear . terry . I wish I could share you confidence , grandmother you will have it when you need it . that be you character , there be nothing wrong with nickalo that a good woman could not make right . they look at each other , then offscene as nickie enter . '' 35 : 4 ? mo . close shot nickie enter from the garden . camera pan he to grandmother and Terry . nickie well , I see mario 's entire family -- seven daughter ! I congratulate he and have a nice talk with he wife . how have you two girl be get along ? terry you would be surprised . '' nickie I will bet janou do all the talk ! terry uh-huh -- she 's be tell I that when you be a little boy , if you do not get you own way , you would lie on the floor and kick and get red in the face . ) nickie C oh , and what do you say ? terry I say you do not do that anymore . | now , if you do not get you own way , you just get embarrassed . nickie ( react ) listen -- what have you two be discuss - huh ? ( ferry laugh ) it seem a lot have be go on that I lmow nothing about . terry + want some tea ? nickie yes . : as Terry start to pour the tea , nickle go to the piano and get the gift - wrap Package , hand it to he grandmother . cont . 36 47 cont . 723 _ - nickie a little gift for you . I hope it please you . grandmother ( as she start to open it ) I be too old to receive gift . nickie nobody be . the grandmother be have difficulty open the package . nickie imeel beside she and help she open it . grandmother you should not spend you money recklessly . . nickie have the paper off , rise and slowly lift the painting . we see that it be the portrait of a distin- guish look frenchman . the grandmother be visibly affect as nickie place it in she hand . for a moment she cannot speak , just keep gaze at the feature . Terry notice she emotion and curious , come around to see the painting for herself . grandmother this be my late husbard , Andre . it be so real -- ( to nickie ) -- how do you --? nickie from memory . terry what a remarkable face . ( to nickie ) and you paint it from memory ? grandmother I tell you -- he have great talent . handle the painting almost with reverence , she walk across the room to a wall where another painting hang . nickie hurry after she , remove the painting from the wall and hang up the new one . grandmother hug he and look up at he with adoration as Terry watch . dissolve to : 48 49 723 37 : int . live room - mo , shot - day grandmother , Terry and nickie . tea be finish . off scene the boat whistle sound . . nickie well , I be afraid we must be go . grandmother nickalo ! the sound of a boat whistle come over scene . nickie see , janou ? oh , but you must play the piano for we before we go . grandmother nickalo .... terry oh , come on , ~ nickie she be a great pianist , you know -- and she 's go to play right now ! terry ( as nickie help grandmother up just a little -- nickie , grandmother and Terry walk toward piano . grandmother ( as they walk ) oh , nickalo -- look at my hand --- nickie laugh , then lead she to piano seat , move it for she as she sit down , grandmother 7 remember -- I be ask to do this . they laugh . grandmother start to play as Terry and nickie listen , . close three shot grandmother play introduction of " Love affair , " make charming little mistake , then as she start the song , Terry start hum . grandmother look at she , then at bats} with a little smile . ( musical spot to be work out . cont . . C ) 38 49 cont . : grandmother now go into the middle part -- make no mistake this time , after the second trill , the boat whistle blow . grandmother stiffen , but go on play - ing . the boat whistle blow a second time . grandmother try to continue play , but can not . she stop , rise and go into nickie 's arm , hugging he close . grandmother I do not like boat whistle ! nickie hold she , then they separate a little . 50 ext . villa garden - dolly shot - day nickie and grandmother start walk slowly toward the garden step . Terry pick up grandmother 's shawl from the bench , then follow they . terry here -- | grandmother and om ' ickle pause ) | ( uw ) you would better have this around you . grandmother ( as Terry put shawl : on she shoulder ) thank you , | terry be not it beautiful ! they walk on toward top of stair . grandmother you like it ? yes , I do . grandmother I will send 1 % to you -- some day . this be as far as I go ... they all stop . grandmother this be the boundary of my small . world . . oo ) v/a terry it 's a perfect world -- thank you for let I enter it briefly . Goodbye . 723 . cont. oo 8 50 cont . : grandmother God bless you , dear , Terry go down step . nickie ( take grandmother 's shoulder ) well , janou -- I will come back ' and see you very soon -- really I will . and I will write very often -- you will see , grandmother please do .... they embrace , nickie Goodbye . nickle go down step to Terry and both start down , Terry stop , turn and run back to grandmother , hug @ ) and kiss she . ( | terre i Goodbye . . she run down step to nickie who turn and wave . nickie + Goodbye , janou ! Terry and nickie exit down step as grandmother stand there wave . ; dissolve to : 51 we . | ' 52 long shot - the boat - day a sailing . . 53 close shot - grandmother as she sadly watch the boat disappear over the horizon , dissolve to : 723 | | | | | | | | 723 54 a-54 ho int , terry's suite - close shot - night Terry and nickie enter slowly from corridor . nickie ( hesitate in door ) May I come in ? terry yes , do . Terry move to wall as nickie close door . it bump open , then he close it again and move toward she , terry and I want to thank you for what be the loveliest day I have ever know . nickie you be very sweet to my little grandmother . terry I be go to write to she . nickie that will be nice ... well , goodnight -- goodnight . nickie move to open door , hold Terry 's hand , camera pan down to they clasped hand . as he come back with the open door , camera pan up to they face as he kiss she , she push he gently away . there be a pause , terry we be head into a rough sea , nickie ... goodnight . nickie ( in a whisper ) goodnight . nickie exit as Terry lean back against the wall . — dissolve to : ext . deck - day nickie and Terry be in a very secluded spot . . a rotund jolly optimist discover they . his merriment be con - tagious . cont . o 723 a-54 cont , he turn man oh , there you be ! I be ned hathaway and I be in charge of the ship 's con - cert , a little bird tell I you be a singer , miss mckay - would you honor we with a song or two on the last night ? terry I do not see how anyone could refuse you , Mr , hathaway ! . hathaway ( cveam ) I know it - the bigger they be the nicer they be ! and look at nickie . hathaway how about you , sir ? you be a big man . would you be so kind as to -- NI ( quickly ) I be not a performer - I be ill at ease , in public . hathaway ( significantly ) everybody understand that but that 's the fun of it ! I be go to do a turn myself and Lord know I be a real amateur . wo not you just appear and say a few word and give all the woman folk a thri11 ? nickie I be sorry , but ---- hathaway I be too , because it would help to correct a impression that 's sort of go around . terry the passenger think you be a little snooty , nickie -- let I talk to he , Mr. hathaway , hathaway thank you , miss mckay . cont . a-54 cont.1 hathaway exit . . 1 terry if I work out a little routine for the . two of we , would you do it with I ? nickie . so the passenger think I be a snob ! ' terry let 's show they how wrong they be . nickie hmmm - will it take a lot of rehearse ? terry we would not want to do anything that . wasn 's perfect , nickie you be so right , dissolve to : | b-54 int , ballroom - ship' concert ( musical spot to be worked out ) at the finish of they number , nickle and Terry exit . @ applause break out , hathaway enter , applaud and | gesture for they to return for a bow . when they do not reappear he cross to the exit and look off . he turn back to the audience with a comical expression . hathaway well , it look like they be not come back -- they just keep go -- so , as I always say , ' the show must go on . ' | he hear the orchestra vamp in the background , look at he list to see who 's on next , . hathaway ; ( heartily ) . : Ho , ho - that 's I ! he start sing a comedy number . 55 we 56 we 723 o 723 57 43 ext , deck - wake of boat - ( process ) nickie and Terry enter , they be ecstatically happy from they experience entertaining the passenger . nickie have she by the hand . : nickie I do not know when I have have so much fun . terry the whole trip have be a memorable one for I , a silent beat , both stare at the ' wake of the boat . nickie ( read she mind ) I know what you mean -- and I talk to the captain about it , terry yes - and what do he say ? : nickie he say he could not turn the boat around -- there might be some minor objection . most of the passenger be homesick -- they be anxious to get back to they love one , : terry I can see where it would be a problem - just cruise around with the two of we , . there be another silence and Terry cross over to the rail , lean on it in meditation , nickie watch she from a distance . from offscene we hear the sing of " auld lang syne " come from the concert hall ( presumably the concert be over ) . nickie walk slowly over to Terry . terry ( as she sense he be about to speak ) if you say , 'a penny for you thought ! I will jump overboard . nickie ( come close to she ) this be we last night . tomorrow morning -- New York , terry yes , cont . ; | 723 57 cont . nickie will he be wait ? terry at the dock -- and she ? nickie at the gangplank , another silence . they brood a moment . the music of " auld lang syne " continue in background , NI ( abruptly ) : you know , I have never have a job in my life . terry : in that article I read , it say something about you be in the war , nickie that be not employment I seek . ( then as a after - think , he salute ) I never cultivate a taste for work . there be so many other thing to do ... - . terry I have be think about that ... ( long pause ) what do you ' say ? nickie nothing . terry you do , too , you say that I be very fond of expensive thing - fur , diamond ... stuff like that ... nickie do I say that ? terry pink champagne - that 's the kind of life we be both use to ... it might be a little difficault to ... ( she think ) what do beer taste like ? nickie bitter . cont , . 723 45 57 cont.1 she nod . silence again . they both meditate . NI ( slowly ) of course , they be not absolutely necessary , diamond , I mean , terry no , not absolutely . nickie there must be all kind of people - everywhere ... who be perfectly happy , and they never see a diamond . terry yes , there must be . NI ( solemnly ) you would only have to insure they , and you know what a bother that be - insurance people knock at you door , and ask you to fill out all kind of form ... terry I hate fill out form . nickie I , too . . terry I guess you and I have be spoiled ... nickie yes , we be use to the best of every - thing ... pause . in b.g. , music end : applause . another number start . terry my father use to say ... ' it 's a funny thing - but the thing we like best be either illegal , immoral , or fatten - ing . 1 . nickie Alexander wolcott say that , too . terry he steal 1 % from my father . . cont. 57 cont .2 2 723 pause . bé nickie do you father drink beer ? terry he drank anything . nickie you know - nobody get young ... no , they do not , nickie sooner or : later - they look in the mirror and say ... terry ( finish it for hin you have have it , brother . you miss the train . nickie I hate miss . train . terry I , too , nickie I wonder what you father would have think of I - not work one day in my whole life ... terry ( t : gZ to console he just because you have not ... nickie ( finish it for she ) it do not mean ... I could not . - ( a pause ) what 's that section of the paper call ? in back - with the small print ... : terry help want . nickie of course , it might take a little time - say , six month ... to find out if ... cont . 723 57 cont.3 47 . terry if what ? NI ( sweat ) well - if I work hard enough and long enough ... say for six month ... where would you be ? terry ( look at he ) what be you try to say ? nickie ( have difficulty with it ) I be try to say that it would take I six month to find out if I could afford to buy my wife a bottle of beer . terry oh , nickie . that 's about the nicest - ( she break off ) I be go to turn in .. ( as she fix he tie ) will you let .me think about it , and tell you in the morning ? nickie . ( hold she ) it 's go to be a long night . terry for I , too . they turn from the rail and walk away , hold hand - then separate as he start for step . Terry . terry Marriage be a very serious step for @ girl like I . ' nickie yes , I know . terry do you like child ? nickie yes . yes , I do . smile and exit down step as nickie go up other step . dissolve to : o @ 58 we 59 ext . deck - mo . shot - the boat - day - ( process ) 48 make its way into New York Harbor . Terry hurry to nickie , who be look around wait for she , she have on a mink coat with practically nothing underneath . terry nickie -- nickie I be so worried -- terry . T rave not even have time to get dress and I do not get to sleep until 5 , nickie ( quickly ) I do not sleep at all . terry | if everything go all right for both of we - in six month - I mean ~ that would be in July -- nickie . July - yes - where will we meet ? Terry stop and look out over the rail . the Empire State Building loom in view , stand high above the New York skyline . terry ( point to the Empire State Building ) what about the Empire State Building ? ( nickie nod ) darling , it 's the tallest building in the world . you could not miss that -- itt the nearest thing to heaven we have in New York -- nickie what time ? what floor ? terry five o'clock -- the top of the building -- the 102nd floor - and be sure you take the elevator -- : nickie oh , yes , I will . cont . 723 o 4g 59 cont . a- 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 Terry run out , leave nickie look after she for a moment , then he turn back and look up at the top of the Empire State Building . dissolve to : long shot - ship pulling into new york harbor - day dissolve to : ext . upper deck - mo . shot - day '' shoot toward rail where Terry and nickie be stand , separate by four passenger . Terry be look down , pay at Kenneth while nickie be busy look down at ois . ext . dock - mo . shot - day shoot down into crowd wait on dock . lois with photographer surround she be look up excitedly , wave to nickie while Kenneth stand nearby be fran - tically try to locate Terry on the boat . ext . deck - close shot - day nickie look over at Terry . then look down toward the dock at Kenneth and back at Terry raise he eyebrow inquiringly as if to say , " be that he ? " look down toward Kenneth . ext . dock - close shot - kenneth in crowd - Day spot Terry on the upper deck and wave and grin at she . ext . deck - close shot - terry - day now look from Kenneth to nickie and nod , " yes , that 's he " then she look down at lois . ext . dock - close shot - lois - Day with photographer around she . photographer miss Clark , let we have a picture , please . he. snap a picture as she pose - she turn back to wave at nickie . . ext . deck - close shot - terry and nickie - day nickie look down at lois then at Terry and nod , " yes , that 's she . " Terry start to attract he attention again cont . a-73 7h . 723 int . lois ! home - live room - day 52 there be tv equipment and cable all over the room . nickie and lois enter . nickie stare at the tv equipment . nickie ( belligerently ) what be all this ? lois ( a gush ) oh , darling , do not I mention it ? the tv people have just be hound ing I to death for a interview . we have sort of become this year 's version of Grace Kelly and Prince what 's - his - name ? nickie ( aryly ) Prince rainier of Monaco -- very nice fellow . loris well , anyway , I say yes if they would give a handsome donation to my favorite charity . you do not mind , do you , darling ? it 's for a good cause . . nickie ( sourly ) 4 m I go to be marry = or inaugurated ? lor be ( take he arm ) now , darling , do not pout . we will have all the privacy we want - later ... she draw he toward a large overstuff chair . nickie step over a tv cable as though it be a 's lois nake . nickie , dear , this be Mr. Lewis -- Robert Lewis -- who be go to interview we . as nickie and Lewis shake hand like two fighter : int . terry's apartment - live room - day dissolve to : a rather lavish apartment with a air of have be be - cently redecorate . french window go out to a balcony . Center we see Terry 's trunk - with the steamship label on it - still unopen . Terry be with gladys , she color may . she have a newspaper in she hand . cont . a- 59 60 '' 62 62 64 , 65 66 723 revised - " a affair to remember " - 2/25/57 51 long shot - ship pulling into new york harbor - day dissolve to : ext . upper deck - mo . shot = day shoot toward rail where Terry and nickie be stand - ing , separate by four passenger . Terry be look down , wave at Kenneth while nickie be busy look down at lois . ext . dock = mo . shot - day shoot down into crowd wait on dock . lois with photographer surround she be look up excitedly , wave to nickie while Kenneth stand nearby be fran - tically try to locate Terry on the boat , ext . deck - close shot - day nickie look over at Terry . then look dow toward the dock at Kenneth and back at Terry raise he eyebrow inquiringly as if to say , " be that he ? " look down toward Kenneth . . ext . dock = close shot - kenneth in crowd - day spot Terry on the upper deck and wave and grin at she . ext . deck - close shot - terry - day ' now look from Kenneth to nickie and nod , " yes , that 's he " then she look down at lois . ext . dock - close shot - lois - day with photographer aroynd she . photographer : ' miss Clarke , let we have a picture , please , he snap a picture as she pose = she turn back to wave at nickie . : ext . deck - close shot ~ terry and nickie - day nickie look down at lois then at Terry and nod , " yes , that 's she . " Terry start to attract he attention again . but be embarrassed when all passenger look at she , so she turn from rail and exit . nickie set a little fuss and he exit too . 66 cont . _ but be embarrassed when all passenger look at she , so she turn from rail and exit . nickie get a little fuss and he exit too . o 's 67 ext . gangplank - mo . shot - day lois be stand in the crowd look up toward nickie . ) photographer and tv News commentator be hover around she , ask for picture . she finally break away and . hurry up the step to the gangplank where nickie have just stop . Terry can be see among people behind they . lo be nickie , darling . . | ' nickie | lois ! | : ( kissing both cheek ) | . : I be so glad to see you -- , lois . . I be so glad to see you = do yo ' have a nice trip ? ' nickie ( as Terry come up behind they ) — | yes -< - ! photographer hold it for a still , please -- : ( they kiss ) | : thank you ! that 's fine -- just one | more , please -- . ( they put cheek together ) thank you -- just one more -- just | one more , please -- lor ( hold he hand out ) will this do ? terry ( try to get between they ) : I beg you pardon - I be awfully sorry | | - if you will excuse I - I have a appointment - ( she exit ) photographer just one more - 723 they decline and exit together . 74 cont. gladys . ( indicate furniture ) ° ee Mr. Kenneth have the whole apart - ment redone . he even fix up the terrace just the way you want it - and that 's new wallpaper . he say , " gladys , you a ' I 's gonna make this . place ...! . terry ( half -heartedly ) . it 's lovely , gladys . | gladys what 's the matter , honey ? you do not | seem too excited comin ' home ... . ( who be not ) - oh , I be , gladys . I love the wall - paper - the furniture , too . Mr. bredley 's very kind ... 7 ) gladys ( kind ? honey , he 's a double gentle - — — man . he just gimme a big fat raise . terry ( distract , wander about apartment ) do he ? that 's wonderful , glady . save you money . . gladys | I would have more if my horse run faster . : terry ( glance at clock on mantel ) be that clock right ? gladys it 's always be . terry would you put the tv on ? Channel h , I think . 75 another angle - live room - day as gladys , a bit mystify , cross to set and turn it on . . cont. 723 on 723 75 cont . 76 wear - in which she get off the boat . gladys since when do you start watch this thing in the afternoon ? terry I read that at 2:30 there 's a inter - view with lois Clarke and that man | she 's marrying ... ferrante , be not that he name ? I think I would watch it . gladys ( at the tv set ) ai not that the fella Mr. winchell call ' the Big Dame Hunter ?! ( a hillbilly show come on . gladys gesture at the singer with the guitar ) that he ? terry ( indignant ) } of course not . | reverse shot - toward door - day as Kenneth open door - with he own key , of course . gladys turn the sound down . Kenneth close the door , cross quickly to Terry , kiss she . gladys ( with a grin ) exit . . kenneth ( the kiss over ) h be ... remind I to ask you later about that kiss . maybe you be just out of practice - I hope . he notice she unpack trunk . then the dress she 's kenneth . ( he eyebrow up ) I think you would be all unpack and in something ...uh... comfortable , . terry ( determine ) we have a lot to talk about , Ken . I think better in this outfit : kenne ' ( hush she ) baby , let I talk first ... then you will not have to say a word . I be free ! cont. 77 723 76 cont . 55 kenneth ( cont . ) ( he wait for she to be happy about it . she be not ) my wife and she lawyer take every - thing but my right arm , but ... ( hold she ) eesyou be worth it . I be on cloud 10 . on cloud nine they do not know what happiness be . know why ? they be not get you . change angle - past terry and kenneth - day as gladys come in . gladys eeeThat program 's on now ... ( a take ) Program ? terry ( quickly ) oh - gladys mean the tv ... you know - _ the Clarke - ferrante thing ... they be be interview ... would you turn : up the set , darling ? he nod - cross to set , adjust the picture and sound . ( kneel ) he be on the same boat with you , be not he ? ( Terry nod ) , do you meet he ? ( Terry nod ) be he charming ? ( Terry nod ) fascinating ? ( Terry nod ) irresistible ? Terry do not nod . Ken be contrite , go to she , put he arm around she . . kennete sorry . I withdraw the question . o 's by 78 close shot - tv set - day - nickie , lois Clarke and Robert Lewis . nickie be seat in a large overstuff chair , lois sit on the arm stroking he hair fondly . nickie be try hard to look like a man about to be happily marry . the scene be miss Clark 's sumptuous draw room . 79 int . lois ' drawing room - close shot ROBERT lewis - afternoon lewis many marriage break up over financial difficulty , but I be sure that will not be one of you -- 80 int , lois ' drawing room - close shot lois and nickie lor i ( cut in ) no , no «= that will not be one of we problem . Lewis attempt to inject a little light humor . he ad - 3 dress nickie . lewis . be this you first experience with connubial bliss ? . nickie would you mind rephrasing the ' question ? lo be darling , he mean be this you first . experience with marriage ? nickie : ( look at lois ) with marriage ? ( dryly , to Lewis ) yes . lewis ( be witty ) do you intend to support you wife in the manner ... ( he look over draw room ) esto which she 's accustom ? 81 quick close shot - terry and kenneth watch . Terry hold she breath . 723 lu 82 83 723 57 the tv screen nickie have consider the question . nickie I be go to make every effort to . reaction from lois . lo be ( a bit astonished ) do what , darling ? nickie I be go to start painting again eeeand make a live for my wife ... lois ! eyebrow go up . she look at the wall behind the couch on which they be sit . camera pan - the wall be cover with art masterpiece . : lor but , darling - we already have a house full of painting ... Picasso , Van gogh , Matisse .... er goot room - full shot - nickie , lois and ROBERT lewi to nickie ( he jaw a little hard ) I be still go to paint . lor ( beginning to burn ) in heaven 's name , why ? you will be too busy , and besides - I be allergic to turpentine . nervously he take out 'his cigarette case , remove a cig - arette , then offer the case to lois . lois start to take a cigarette , see the inscription , try to read it . nickie close the case so hastily that he almost catch lois ' finger in it . Lewis look slightly uncomfortable . lew ( quickly ) when be the marriage set for , miss Clarke ? lois oh , as soon as possible ... in about -- nickie ( quietly ) six month . 8h . 85 86 . 58 int . terry's live room - quick flash terry - afternoon thrilled ... with Kenneth watch she closely now , begin - ning to guess ... and then back to : tv screen lois be furious . lo be ( all she hackles up ) six month ! if you think I be go to wait ... nickie pantomime the television camera watch they - and lois catch herself , but not entirely . she be still burn as : lewis ( do it fast ) and that , lady and gentleman , conclude we interview with this charming couple ... we will now turn you back to George easton ... lor be be we off the air now ? lew be not yet . embarrass , lois put she hand to she mouth . as the screen black out we still hear voice for ea moment as though the sound man have not get he cue to cut off - include a irate exclamation from lois . . int . terry's live room - mo . shot - afternoon with Kenneth turn off the set . Terry in background . kenneth ( slowly - he back to she ) well - I just fall off cloud lo . terry ( unhappily ) oh , Ken . if I would only know before ... I could have save you so much heart - ache ... and a lot of money , too , she cross to he . he look at she , still not believe it . kenneth ' darling , it just do not make sense . cont . | o | 59 86 cont . . terry ( miserably ) I know . kenneth you must be slightly out of you mind . . terry I know . kennete what be you go to do ? terry I be go back to Boston until kenneth : until he what ? he will never be able 7 to support youl ) ( come close ) ( . Terry , listen to I . I want to marry Sue you ... I should have ask you a long time ago . it 's my fault , but it 's not too late , be it ? it can not be too late ... Terry , look at I . can not you see I be in love ? terry ( look at he ) uh-huh . so be i. she cross abruptly to the balcony , open one of the glass door , as it swing open we see the top of the Empire State Building reflect in the glass . as Terry stand look up : | fade out ; 723 87 88 90 723 60 fade in int , SMALL , sophisticated boston night club - close shot - terry - night sing a lively irish folk song . backstage - close shot - manager - night watch she . close shot - terry - in spotlight - night she finish sing the last 16 bar of the song , bow and leave to resounding applause . backstage - terry and the manager - night Terry come from the night club amid the sound of applause . the manager be beam at she . terry how be I do , boss ? manager that noise be applause , be not it ? terry oh , maybe they be applaud the chef . manager no , that 's for you . terry . you do not know what that Boston applause mean to I . it have not be easy . I be very grateful to you and ... ( she nod toward the night club ) manager I would like to talk a long contract . terry six month . manager that 's not a long time . terry oh , yes it be ! as the applause continue , Terry go back into the club , camera pan she . 723 91 a-91 61 int , night club - night as Terry reappear the applause die down , the light dim , spotlight she . . terry and now , I would like to sing a song that 's very dear to my heart . she sing " love affair . " at the conclusion of the song , dissolve to : int . terry's HOTEL room - mo . shot - day Terry be finish dress . there be a knock on the _ door . Terry open it and the floor may with she truck of linen enter . she be a pleasant , good - nature woman . maid I think you might like you room straighten up -- maybe ? terry yes , I would . you be so nice to I . - maid Nice -- but you be we nicest guest . terry no matter what you say , I be not go to let they raise my rent . maid " . who want more money ? we be all so happy you be here ... she start busy herself tidy up the room . terry . you be always happy . what 's the secret , Lisa ? maid i.do not know - I just do not know . I have rheumatism and my husband leave I with five child - and they be all ashamed of I ... terry I be sorry . cont . a-91 cont . maid | sorry ! you should not be sorry - you should be happy . you have | no boy friend call on you so | you do not get marry -- and if ; you do not get marry you chil - ! | dren will not be ashamed of you . well , I have get to go . see you tomorrow . ( start for door it 's no good to worry . what 's the use ? I be not go to worry about anything . : ( she open the door , then turn back to Terry ) : you know , dear , I joke a lot about marriage , but it can be a beautiful thing - and you should get marry , _ my dear - when you find the right ( oo ) man . of course , I do not know where _ you will find he , but just the same ( do not marry a loafer like I do . - '' it 's just as easy to fall in love with a man with lot of money . May - be you will not love he at first , but you can teach yourself in - six easy lesson . b-91 close shot - terry maid' voice ( over scene ) but , believe I , do not marry a loafer ! : Terry react . c- 91 mo , shot .- terry's bedroom - day the may start out once again , turn back to Terry , maid I marry one -- he be a prize - winner -- a fourteen karat no - good ! ~ ( she laugh ) but what be I bring it up for ? it only upset I , and when I get upset I can not eat , and when I do not eat I do not feel good , so -- goodbye . : I will see you tomorrow . | cont. 723 '' | g c-91 cont . ' she exit , close door . camera dolly up as Terry sit muse over this monologue on marrlage , then she suddenly sit forward , startle at she thought . she put she hand to she cheek and think about marriage with nickie . fade out 723 CO 6h , fade in 92 ext , greenwich village - long shot - day painting on wall , ete . a- 92 ext , greenwich village STREET - close shot - nickie carry a large bag of grocery . he pass the painting and start up the step of a apartment house . 93 int . nickie' studio - dusk the studio be not large . the door open and nickie enter , puffing . courbet , a art dealer , be sit on the one chair in the room , a couple of wrap canvase stand near the chair . courbet ( as nickie put down the grocery ) why do painter always live on the top floor ? : ' I nickie , a ) ( stall puffing ) - i courbet ! do you sell any ? | courbet | first - sit down , . ( he get up and | nickie sink into the chair ) you know , nickie , if you would let I tell people ... people ? I mean woman ... who paint this I could | sell plenty . a painter today need publicity ... | nickie - the old ferrante 's dead . | ( take out pack a of cigarettes ) : so nobody like they - I mean , as painting ... courbet what do you expect in two , three month ? Art be the most difficult profession ... ( see cigarettes in pack - surprised ) i i _ ) the cigarette case ...? ! '' . cont. ° 723 o `s 93 cont . nickie ( gesture ) gone. : courbet ( sigh ) a pity . it have such a wonderful inscription . nickie ( lighting cigarette ) that 's what the pawnbroker say , too . courbet look at the new canvas on the easel . courbet ( st the painting a moment you do this without a model ? ( exha nigkte ) exhaling smoke from memory . courbet ( a closer look ) the anatomy be a little strange ... nickie cross to he . where ? nickie courbet ( indicate with a professional thumb ) here . : they both look at the painting . nickie | : ( finally ) . | you would think the one thing I could " paint be ... | ( he shake he head , turn .away ) weil , I suppose I will have to get a job . courbet ( consol he ) now , nickie . I would not give up painting yet . patience - industry ... 723 cont . revised - " a affair to remember " - 2/26/57 66 . pade in 92 ext . greenwich village - long shot - day painting on wall , etc . dissolve to : a-g2 UT 93 int . nickie' studio ~ dusk the studio be not large . enter , puffing . the door open and nickie courbet , a art dealer , be sit on the one chair in the room , a couple of wrap canvase stand near the chair . eo , 725 courbet ( as nickie put down the grocery ) why do painter always live on the top floor ? . nickie ( still puffing ) courbet} do you sell any ? courbet first + sit down . ( he get up and nickie sink into . the chair ) you know , nickie , if you would let I tell people ... people ? I mean womén ... who paint this I could sell plenty . a painter today need publicity ... nickie the oid ferrante 's dead . ( take out pack of cigarettes ) so nobody like they - I mean , as painting ... courset what do you expect in two , three month ? Art be the most difficult profession ... ( see cigarettes in pack = surprised ) the cigarette case ...? cont . o 67 : 99 ext . STREET below - mo . long shot shoot down - day courbet hurry into the crowd , happily . he call up ... courbet nickie !! nickie' voice yes ? | courbet I have good news ! | - ie cop on the beat look in on the disturbance ) I sell ore of you woman ! -- you know - the one with the - ( he pantomime the female anatomy ) . I get two hundred dollar for she ! the cop take @ good look at courbet , start walk to he | ry ) 100 ext , roof - close shot - nickie - day I nickie : | ( jubilantly ) my friend , I be a happy man ... I be , @ painter !! . ! partner | ( noncomprehendingly ) I be a painter , too , but I be not happy ! fade out a ) 723 101 102 4-102 103 fade in plane in AIR int . plane - close shot - terry look out of window . stewardess '' voice May I have you attention , please , lady and gentleman ! we be now arrive at LaGuardia Airport . will you please remain seat until the airplane have come to a complete stop in front of the gate ? on behalf of you crew , I should like to thank you ' for be with we today . we sincerely hope you have enjoy you - trip and that we may have the pleasure of serve you again in the near future . Terry look forward with great anticipation to she arrival in New York . 68 dissolve to : ° ext . new york airport - day the plane land . dissolve to : int . new york specialty shop - day shoot toward entrance . Terry enter from street . the sale manager go quickly toward she . . sale manager miss mckay - my dear - my favorite customer ! welcome back . ( a smile ) thank you . sale manager ( examine she ) how nice you be look ! ( dryly ) yes , I mow . I do not get it here . conte 723 103 cont sale manager where have you be all this month ? terry Boston . sale manager oh ? well , we have miss you . terry I have miss yous , too , miss - er == '' sale manager miss Lane . terry miss Lane , I want to get something so beautiful - simple , you understand - but breathtaking . sale manager but of course -- a sale clerk have enter . " | sale manager miss webb , look who 's back ! miss webb oh , miss mckay - terry ( simultaneousl : with miss webb how do you do , miss webb <- miss webb we be just say , ' whatever happen to miss mckay ?! < =. and here you be . terry be not it wonderful ? sale manager what shall it be this time - a tea gown - dinner gown - pajamas ? terry youtre get warmer . miss webb a nightgown . / cont . 69 o revised - " a affair to remember " - 2/26/57 70 . fade in iol plane in AIR 102 int , plane - close shot - terry look out of window . . stewardess ! voice May I have you attention , please , lady and gentelman ! we be now arrive at LaGuardia Airport . will you please remain seat until the airplane have come to a complete stop in front of the gate ? on behalf of - you crew , I should like to thank you for be with we today . we sincerely hope you have enjoy you trip and that we may have the pleasure . of serve you again in the near future . : ~ as ) , Terry look forward with great anticipation to she arrival in New York . ; a dissolve ' to : a-l02 sour . 103 int . yvonne's fifth avenue - day | shoot toward entrance . Terry enter from street . | the sale manager go quickly toward she . salss manager miss mckay - my dear - my favorite customer ! welcome back . te : : ( a smile ) thank you . sale manager ( examine she ) how nice you be look ! . ( dryly ) yes , iknow , I do not get it here . cont . 723 o 723 103 cont.2 . 104 , 105 106 sale manager twill . i'11 call and let you kmow right away . . the sale manager exit as miss webb go into the room where Terry be now stand in the background . miss webb well , my dear - not a day go by but what one of the girl say , ' I wonder what 's happen to miss mckay !! terry in a minute you be go to tell I you be go to close the shop if I have not come in soon . ( she chuckle ) int . specialty shop ~ close shot - day of sale manager , sit on desk , phone to ear . ' sale manager hello - Mr. Bradley ? yes ; this be miss Lane of lady ! ready - to- wear . miss mckay be here and we be just wonder if -- : int . kennete's office - close shot - day Kenneth , seat at he desk . kenneth ( into phone ) : miss mckay ? well give she anything in the shop , but hold she until I get there , will you ? .... you be not worried about she credit , be you ? why , I be surprised at you . ee hang up , rise and exit quickly . int . specialty shop - mo . shot - day miss webb be stand by Terry . both be look at nightgown which they hold in they hand . terry I do not know - what do you think ? cont . 72 | | | | 107 723 '' 106 cont . 72 miss webb oh , I do not think you could make a mistake on either one -- she notice the sale manager who have just enter the . poom and who have make the okay sign . miss webb oh - excuse I , please - she pass the sale manager as she walk back and exit . the sale manager come around to Terry and pick up the black nightgown . . '' terry which one do you like ? do you like the white one ? sale manager why do not you take both of they , miss mckay ? '' and what about fur ? pa it - time to be think about fur terry oh -- miss webb re-enter with a pile of thing : on she arm and come forward quickly . miss webb look what just come in ! terry oh -- do not tell I you have be hide all that ! miss webb ( laugh ) yes ... they all laugh , int . sfecialty shop - mo . shot - day Terry , miss webb and the sale manager . miss webb _ be you sure there be not anything 's else ? cont . 7 oo 107 cont . 108 723 terry no ; I be afraid that 's all . sale manager where shall we have this send ? terry I do not know , at the moment . I will have to call you back and let you lmow . ( hand miss webb bill ) I think that 's right , be not it ? miss webb no - no - charge ? terry no -= no -- sale manager no ? terry no -- I lmow - I know -- no -- no -- Terry walk out as the two woman look at each other , amaze , then put on smile as they start out . miss webb and sale manager Goodbye , miss mckay -- | . they exit after Terry . ext , specialty shop - day Terry , follow by the two saleswoman , come out . miss webb do come back again , soon - sale manager yes , by all mean , do not stay away so long -- terry Goodbye , miss webb -- Goodbye , miss 2 2 they exit back inside . Terry almost bump into Ken , who be enter from the street . . cont. 74 C ) 108 cont . terry Kent Terry ! camera truck with they . terry what be you do here ? how on earth do you kmow I be <- ( look off at miss webb and miss Lane ) oh -- oh , I see . what time be it , Ken ? I be late . ken it 's five minute to five . terry it 's good see you , Ken - '' ken it 's good to see you , Terry . there 's so much to talk - to you about . : terry itm sorry , but I be in such a hurry , ken can not we go some place and have a cocktail ? terry no , I be in a hurry . ' ken but there 's so much to say to you , . terry call I up some time -- no -= you can not do that either , when I be go to be mar -- ken oh , you be go to be -- terry yes , Ken , and I be late . what time do you say it be ? cont . 723 75 108 cont.1 . 109 723 ken four minute of five . look like I come all the way down here just to tell you what time it be , do not it ? terry yeah -=- Goodbye , ken. ken Goodbye . good luck ! Terry exit . terry's voice thanks , ken. Terry re-enter . : terry you can imagine how excited I be -- I think the Empire State Building be this way , and it 's down there ... she cross and exit while Ken stand look after she as she run toward a cab , : dissolve to : ext . new york STREET - mo . shot - day ( process ) shoot across sidewalk toward corner , people be walk by as a taxi drive in along the curb , slowly . Terry be seat in the back seat . terry I think I will save time if I get out here . I be in a hurry . she open the door , get out , close door and pay the driver . ( driver as Terry start away ) what 's the rush ? cont . 109 cont. terry ( turn back to he ) d I be go to be marry -- ( hold out she hand eeand I would like you to be the first to congratulate I . ( they shake hand ) | thank you . : ( Terry run out ) . driver ( grumble to | himself ) ) she 's gonna be marry -- that 's something to rush to ? - | a crash be hear from off scene . people hurry toward it . ' the driver get out of the cab , close the door and hurry after they . 110 ext . new york STREET - day the crowd rush through toward sound of the crash . i . then the camera pan up to the top of the Empire State Building . | . | dissolve to : 111 ext . empire state build tower - day camera move up from base of window to nickie stand behind the window look out . he be obviously very ' happy . he look at he watch , then back toward the elevator , expectantly . then he walk out . 112 int . empire state . build tower - full shot - day nickie enter and waik past the elevator as it open . two people get out and one couple get in . nickie stand watch . elevator boy go down ? nickie no . cont . 723 o | 77 112 cont . the elevator door close and nickie walk to the window , { look out , then turn and lean against it . he straighten , brushes off he sleeve , fix he tie and handkerchief , then come forward and stand face the elevator , hope - fully . camera pan up to indicator , which travel from floor 86 to 102 . camera pan down to nickie , who move to elevator and lean against the wall as the door open and another couple get out . elevator boy go down ? . nickie no <-- ( as elevator boy start close door ) — o- what time have you get ? ' elevator boy ten after five . nickie thanks . 7 the elevator door close . nickie look at he watch , then walk back toward : : 113 int . empire state build tower - mo . close shot - day nickie enter and stand against the archway , impatient now . he look back toward elevator , then take paper . from pocket and read the note again , then put it awaye he straighten and look at he watch , then move over to post of stair rail and lean on it , stare ahead . dissolve to : 114 int . empire state build tower - mo . close shot - night it be raining hard outside , with streak of lighting illuminate nickie as he stand at the window look out at the light city below . it be now nearly midnight . poe , clevator door open and the elevator boy stick he head out , elevator boy go down ? , , cont . | | 723 78 114 cont . a- 114 nickie yes . he walk to elevator , enter , and the door close on he . dissolve to : int . nickie' studio - mo . long shot .- night nickie enter , wet from have be in the rain . he close the door and walk toward background , throw he hat and coat on a chair , pass a table and pause a second to grin sardonically . then he walk past the easel and sit on the couch behind it . he look out the window as the lightning flash . dissolve to : not ) : 115 ' 116 I ( as ) ( : 117 723 79 int . terry's hospital room the doctor be on each side of the bed . Terry be be - veal as Kenneth and the priest move to one side . the doctor leave . int . hospital corridor the doctor come out , follow by Kenneth . Kenneth look into they face for the verdict . Doctor speak . doctor her x-ray be not very encourage . it 's hard to say if she will ever walk again . we could tell better in about six month . ( kindly ) be you the fellow she be yell about under the anesthetic ? kenneth ( shaking he head ) that 's another man . she be on she way to marry he . doctor hmmm . have you notify he ? kenneth . no . she do not want that ... because until she know what you say you will not know for six month ... she would .vather he do not know . doctor ( nodd ) isee . that 's be sensible . ( with a look back : to the room ) Nice girl . kenneth I think so . . ( he enter Terry 's room ) - int . terry's room as Kenneth enter and walk forward , the Priest stand beside the bed . Terry open she eye and look at they . terry hello . cont . 117 cont . 80 priest well ... we do not know whether or not you would be with we today . terry fool you , Father . - ( pause ) I guess I have it come to I ... ( try to smile ) +.. and if the punishment fit the crime , Father ... I must have be a very bad girl . ( look from Kenneth to Priest ) ~ he 's the man I ... riest : p yes , I know . he explain . ' terry . he do , huh ? Fine thing ... a tattle - tale , Men like to talk , do not they , Father ? be not it awful ? ( to Kenneth ) now , Kenneth , would you mind -- I would like to talk to Father mcgrath alone , kenneth of course - call you later . ( to Priest Goodbye , Father mcgrath . Kenneth leave 's the room - camera dolly up . terry Father , I intend to turn over a new leaf , and I would rather not get any more financial assistance from Mr , Bradley . father mcgrath I understand what you mean . terry from now on I want to support myself . I will need you help . father mcgrath you must get well first . I will give it a lot of think , and maybe I '11 come up with something . cont . 117 cont.1 o a terry there be so little that I can do ... | father mcgrath | let 's worry about that when we come to it . terry I suppose you know that I be go . to be marry ... and while I be on my way to be a good girl , I get hit right at the intersection of thirty - fourth and fifth - fade out | '' 723 118 119 120 82 fade in ext , villa garden - naple - mo , long shot - day nickie come up the step and walk slowly onto terrace toward the wall , then he turn and walk across the terrace into the house , . nickie janou ! he turn around , face the piano . int , house - closer shot ~ day camera pan to the piano , then back to nickie as he move nearer to the piano . he look around , a little alarmed . janou ! nickie there be no answer , nickie look outside , then come forward as the camera move back and he come through the door and stop , look off , he see mario offscene '' and start toward he , camera pan away from he faster to pick up mario in b.g. , just come from gate in . barden . nickie and mario meet at the end of the garden trellis , camera have move up to close two shot . nickie take mario 's arm and mario try to speak , but can not , he cry , then take nickle 's arm and lead he back to the garden gate , nickle go ahead of he , enter the gate and exit inside , mario stand outside , take off he hat and weep . dissolve to : ext , villa garden - naple - mo . shot - day shoot toward the chapel - the door open and nickie come out and walk toward house , camera pan with he , he walk into the house and as he get to the piano , grandmother 's song start play softly offscene . he stand by the piano , think , then slowly walk back to a chair , touch it lovingly , then to the divan . mario enter with a package in he arm as nickie stand ere , mario monsieur ferrante -~ she give I this to send to you . ( hand package to nickie ) iwas go to mail it today . cont . | I 723 83 120 cont . 121 122 123 mario ( cont . ) ( as nickie open package and see '' the shawl ) she say it be for the young lady that be here with you . mario exit . nickie look at the shawl , think . after @ moment , he. drop it on a large footstool bench and come forward to the piano . he lean against the piano , think of he grandmother 's song , which can be hear offscene . then he slowly come forward and exit . mario enter again and follow nickie outside . ext , villa - naple - day nickie enter and walk away from camera . mario follow , + go .up to he : : . mario be you leave now , monsieur ferrante ? nickie no -- no , I think I will stay here for a while , . he go up to the bench and sit down as a dog enter and dump up beside he . nickie pet he , mario watch . dissolve to : ext , settlement house - play CENTER - day there be a sign read , " central playground " . in the b.g. 1s a sprawling one - story building . there be teeter- totter , swing , slide , ete . at the moment the playground be practically desert . a small boy stand at the door of the building and motion for the few remain child to come inside . . int , settlement house - recreation room - day as the child come in we discover Terry seat in a wheel chair surround by a group of child - boy and girl about equally mix . there be a small orchestra and a sing group . the orchestra be . tuning up and " noodle . " in the b.g. we see some of the parent , mother predominating . Terry wheel herself past the Parents and pause with a few ad lib . cont . | ! 1 723 123 cont. : terry . hello , Mrs. holtz . you be go to be very proud of you herman . hi , there , Mrs. Johnson -- etc. 124 close shot - settlement worker and father mcgrath - day 125 126 127 father mcgrath ( beam ) , it 's amazing . a few month - and Terry 's do wonder with the child . ' settlement worker ( nodd , proudly ) she 's get you to thank for this job , Father . father mcgrath ( deprecatingly ) I do very little , ( look off again ) h be ... it 's incredible how music can tame that little savage ... settlement worker well - you put a trumpet in a kid 's hand ... and he will blow it or bust ... ( look off ) sh-h -h ... they be startin ' .:. reverse angle - terry and the child - day : terry all right , child , now we would better be good in front of this audience . . i flash of the parent - day they watch in anticipation . terry and the child - day terry now , please watch I and maybe this time we will not goof so much . tough kid ( with violin ) it 's they brat in the brass section that 's hit the clinker . cont . o | 85 127 cont . terry let 's not blame anyone . now - all together ... she give the downbeat and they sing : " the tiny little scout he know you Inside out , etc . : fade out Co. 723 a-127 128 129 86 fade in ext . new york CITY - high shot - dusk - snow dissolve to : ext . new york STREET - winter effect - dusk nickie walk buoyantly down the street , Christmas music be in the air . in he good spirit , he pauses.to give . a coin to the Santa Claus sell Christmas seal . walk on , he give a coin to a beggar and then put one in the salvation Army girl 's tambourine , before he turn into the entrance of courbet 's gallery . dissolve to : int . courbet' gallery nickie be almost cocky as courbet inspect several painting stack in a circle on the floor . the back of the painting be toward camera , but we see courbet be impressed as he move from one painting to the next . ' courbet six month ! work ? you have not waste you time , nickie ! : nickie you should have see the fifty I throw over the cliff . courbet ( chuckle ) I can read you state of mind when you paint this .. you be very sorry for yourself when you paint this one ! ( nickie } look at it , grin that 's right . that be paint in August . courbet ( imitate violent brush stroke before next painting ) you be angry here . you be get - ting over you break heart . cont . 723 87 129 cont . 130 131 nickis ( smile ) Broken heart ? that 's not for I ! . coureet ( pause , impressed before last of the painting ) but here ... you become a painter ! nickie I be not exactly ashamed of that one , myself . I have a great deal to say ... I try to paint it , instead , . courbet ( nodd , impressed ) Zour be away , alone , a long time seo ( telephone ring , courbet answer it ) eello ... yes , madam ... ( hand phone to nickie ) for you . int . lois ' apartment - bedroom lois be lie across she bed , on the verge of squirming , as she hear nickie 's voice again . loris ( into phone ) nickie ! I read you arrive today ... T call you hotel ... they say you could be reach at this number ... oh , nickie , I have be think of you morning , noon and night - and between time , too . : int . courbet' gallery - day nickie at phone . we read lois ' various expression of affection , miss he , want to see he again , etc. in he face . . nickie umum , .. mmmm ... umhmm .. . mum .. ( courbet be mystify ) 132 int , lois ' bedroom ps | lois at phone . | lor ( regretfully ) well , if you can not do that ... ( warmly ) oh , I wish you would ... but you could : make the concert tonight ... well , ili leave a ticket at the boxoffice any - way . do try to make it ! '' csoftly ) and whatever you do , do not plan any - thing for after the show , huh ? ( she eye . be dreamy ) dissolve to : | | | | 723 88 723 133 . 134 89 int . theatre - full shot - stage = night the play be over . the actor be take bow , to applause . int , theatre - reverse shot - audience - night lois and nickie be watch the stage . lois be applaud . a attractive blonde sit behind they . nickie turn and - look at she , the blondai 's escort tap nickie on the shoulder and ask he not to be rude . nickie turn and applaud . lois , obviously annoyed , take a look at the blonde , then she - turn and look up at the stage again and applaud . stage = night the curtain be close and applause be still hear . int , theatre + reverse - night : the audience be rise , lois and nickie among they . as the blonde come up to the aisle nickle step back and let she pass . her escort follow , glaring at nickie . people around they notice this . nickie turn to lois . nickie where shall we go from here ? lois ( start up the aisle ) suppose you plan it , nickie , because after all , this be you evening . nickie I do not know where to go any more . I just get back , you know . they stop as nickie see Terry sit next to Kenneth . nickie and Terry look at each other , then he start on and perry drop she purse . nickie pick it up and hand it to poe terry ( take purse ) hello ... nickie bow , then go on , join lois . nickie what be you say , lois ? they continue to walk up the aisle . : cont. 136 cont. for lois I 'was say you be never at a loss to do the right thing -- '' co camera pan away from they to Kenneth and Terry . ken let I tell he -- I will go get he -- ( he start to rise ) terry ( put hand on he arm ) no -- no -- ken ( after a moment ) it 's tough - the first time you be able to get out and you have to meet he . terry ( pause ) and all I could say be hello . ( she think a moment ) '' . . well , the show 's over , shall we go ? Kenneth look at she , then rise and go up the aisle , camera follow he part way . he go to the lobby , look offscene and motion . a usher enter with a wheelchair and start down the aisle , Kenneth followirg behind he . they exit the scene . . dissolve to : 137 ext . HOTEL - new york STREET - night lois Clarke 's limousine come to a stop , nickie get out . lois watch he as he bow . Christmas crowd in Dee nickie goodnight , lois , and thanks . . ' ! lor take you to a show be not a very good idea , be it ? : nickie —. ( smile awkwardly ) C ) merry Christmas . cont . 723 o x 137 cont. , lor merry Christmas , nickie . as nickie start for the entrance of the hotel , the car drive off . the doerman open the door , but nickie can not forget Terry 's face , shake he head , walk down the street with the noisy crowd , Christmas music in b.g. dissolve to : 138 ext . new york STREET - traveling shot nickie - night he pause to light a cigarette - as he blow out the smoke he look up and see : 139 pong shot - from nickie' angle ~- empire state build - brightly light . the msic underscore nickie 's remembrance of thing past . 140 ext . STREET - mo . close shot -. nickie - night as he stand look up a drunk appear carry a Christmas tree with a glitter star on top of it . he stop beside nickie , follow nickie 's gaze into the sky , then look into ' nickie 's face . . _ drunk whatsa matter , buddy ? get trouble ? : ( nickie look at he ) you don ' know what trouble be ... lookit meet I live on 186th Street , and they . will not let I on the bus ... at this moment a bus loom up and stop . the drunk try to get on but the driver refuse he admission , the bus pull away . the drunk , irritate , throw the Christmas tree after it , then turn back to nickie . drunk I be not gonna celebrate Christmas ! - I be just gonna get good a ! drunk . | as he wobble off , nickie look after he smilingly . 141 ( int . limousine - moving shot - night - ( process ) Christmas traffic , noise and music in background . Kenneth and Terry be seat inthe back , cont . 723 142 cont . 92 kenneth it seem terrible to take you home when everybody 's go out ... ( pause ) I be go to ask you again ... | why do not you let I help you ? terry | all right , I will tell you again ... : ( almost humorously ) if 's you pay for my get well .. he would not like it .. and if he do not like it , I would not like it .. and if you do get I well , and I go to he ... you would not like lte .. . kenneth then certainly he ought to know . | terry | oh , noe . because if he find out , he would insist on do it himself if he have the money .. and I know he have not ... then if I do not get welleceee ( grimace ) that would be awful .... ( shaking she head , smile ) '' nope . unless I can walk to he .. and when I say " walk " I mean run ... he will never know . ( almost lightly ) itve get my job and I be on a budget ... and if thing come out all right ... then maybe if I be a good little girl , | I will get what I want next Christmas ... ( pause , grin you know , even if he say he have strength enough for both of we , I ' just can not see myself go down the aisle a piggy - back bride ... ( laugh ) ee wagging my veil behind I . fade out 723 143 93 fade in int . terry's apartment - day the landlady enter with Father mcgrath . they be follow by the kid , cap in hand , as the camera follow they into : int . bedroom - day Terry be in bed . the neighbourhood doctor stand beside she . Terry show she disappointment as she address the kid . : terry the doctor say I can not go , kid .. ( the kid be stricken ; to doctor ) I could be back in a couple of hour . this be the Christmas benefit ... they first appearance in public . this be my team ... xid she 's we coach , doc . landlady ( reprovingly ) Doctor . kid sure she be , doctor . doctor if it be not good for she , you : would not want she to go , would you the kid be silent , force to agree . Terry make the best of it . terry you do not really need the piano , kid . try it once without I . . ( kid look at each other ) the only thing that would bother you would be the start . and aloysius can sing a a in he sleep , can not . you , Al . al yes , mar 'am . cont . 143 cont . kid ( snicker ) '' he can not sing any higher . landlady ( to boy ) you hush up . terry let 's hear it , ale . hold ite . Al clear he throat and hum a a , hold it as Terry see a little girl dress up , apart from the other , seem on the verge of tear . terry what 's the matter with Mary ? be not she with we today ? kid . Mary be n.g. sore throat . so she can not go on the stage . terry ( as Al still ~ hold a ) come here , darling . ( Mary come ) you go right up on the stage with the rest of them , and just pretend | | | you be sing . nobody .! 11 know . the difference . . : mary ( she face lighting up , say hoarsely ) okay . Al be near explode from hold he a so long . Terry . laugh . . terry sorry , Al . take a deep breath and give we a brand new A. ( to kid ) now do it once for I .. quietly . there 's a baby upstairs . one , two ... a the kid sing the " Little scout song " for Terry . { for ) dissolve to : 95 ext . terrace - overlooking new york CITY - day this terrace be off the live room of a small apartment . the landlady appear , help Terry on.to terrace . a beat . as Terry support herself , cling to-window frame . terry ( a deep breath ) that 's better , be not it ? landlady | oh , you be doin ' fine , honey . the landlady get around , closer to chair . terry | wait a minute - who 's go to lie down - you or I ? . landlady | you be . | terry that 's what I think . : | ( she get into : : | chair Three -point landing . the landlady start put a robe over she . landlady I can not get use to Christmas without no snow . it do not feel legal . ( tucking she securely in ) - you comfortable now ? terry Fine . thanks . : landlady you plannin ' to have dinner 's in ? terry ( breathe deeply of the crisp air ) . I do not imow . I have not think about eat . landlady I could come in and kinda fix dinner if you want I to . chop - or a turkey leg ... . cont. 723 36 ly ) cont . terry I will just sit here awhile and debate about it . landlady ( go to window into live roa ) well , you want anything , just holler . she go inside . camera pan with she as she cross live room . she open the front door , and stop dead . nickie be stand there . he come into the room . nickie ( to the landlady ) do miss mckay -- ? terry's voice ( o.s. ) nickie ! nickie ( look off ) hello . he put hat , coat and package on a chair by piano . the landlady lock at he as he cross out of shot . then , smile , she exit . ys ext . terrace - two shot - day nickie . ( as he take she hand ) how be you , Terry ? . terry it 's good to see you . ae nickie it 's good to see you , too . ( step back ) be you feel all right ? terry oh , yes . I be just rest . nickie ( walk back ; look around ) good . cont . .. q '' 145 cont . ci 723 97 terry it 's be a long time . nickiz yes -- yes , that 's right . terry it 's good to see you . nickie yes - you say that . ( go toward a chair ) May i? terry yes . sit down . nickie ( as he sit down ) T will only - be a minute . you be sure you do not mind -- ? terry no. : nickie I will bet you be wonder how I get here . : ° terry uh huh . nickib ( rise and come to she ) . I be look in the telephone book for a man name McBride , and I see the name Terry mckay . so I say to myself , ' could that be Terry mckay - my old friend ?! terry and it wast nickie yes . then I say to myself , ' I have not be very nice to miss mckay . after all , I have a appointment with she one day and I do not keep it , ! terry you di -- cont . | o 723 145 cont.l 98 nickie and that 's not a very nice way to treat a old friend , be it ? sof say to myself , ' I must apologize .! so here I be . terry '' that 's sweet of yousess ..l --- = : nickie I think so . terry I have often wonder about you - and how you be -- nickie you do really ? ' ( he stir ) I have often wonder about you , too . then you do not get angry because I be not there ? you must have be at first . terry yes , iwas . at first I be furious . I say , ' he can not do this to I -- who do he think he be ?! nickie how long do you wait ? I mean <= aid you wait long ? terry let I see -- I wait till about -- nickie Midnight . terry oheee ~ nickie then what do you do ? terry then I really get mad . you can just imagine -- stand up there -- nickie yes - in a thunderstorm . cont . 145 cont.2 ( 723 99 terry yes ...? nickie then what do you say to yourself ? terry then I say , ' why do not you go home and get tight ?! nickie but you do not do that -- terry do not I ? nickie ( rise ) well , maybe you take a little one , every hour , for about a month . no. can you blame I ? '' nickib I should say not . the least I could have do be send you a note . terry maybe by the time you think of it you do not know where to reach I . nickie but you swore that if you ever see I again , you would ask -- do not you ? terry no -- no -- I remember we say if we could make it we would be there . . and if one of we do not show up , there must have be a excellent reason . niceie like what , for instance ? terry oee . so there will be no more question ask .. I hope ... .- ( reach for box ) cigarette ? . cont . 200 145 cont.3 nickie ( after a pause ) thank you . ( he take one ) terry ( watch he ; gratefully ) thank you , nickie . he walk around the end of the chair , light he cigarette , but he be gaze at she as he do so . he have to smile at the skill with which she have quiete he question , . nickie ( chuckle , but he eye flash be watme air the h ten walke 1 the way here ... ten block ... ( then gesture ) ecsoeto wring you beautiful neck ... and instead I promise not even to ask why you be not there . ( Terry smile sympathetically ) you kmaw that be why . ( nodd ) umhmm . nickie it do not seem ... terry ( nodd ) I kmow .... he smile at she challengingly , look she in the eye , as he seem about to sit on the chair . she make no room , so he settles for a seat on the floor beside she . nickie I do not kmow what happen to I when I ... ( he see she hand go to she throat , glance at it ) no wedding ring , I see . terry . no . . cont. o : 145 cont.h 101 nickie | oh} I think , at the ... terry concert last night ? no ... she wasee . rnoceee nickie ( after difficult pause ) I do not mean to offend you . terry how 's everything with you , nickie ? nickie ( smile ) oh..eeyou can ask question ? erry smile , nod ) well , I think everything be fine until I see you . ( confidentially ) then I know there must be something | between we ... even if it 's only a country . ( pause ) . so I buy myself a ticket . terry ( try to appear casual oh..e you be sailing . nickie ( nod ) tonight . he rise . if she want to offer a protest , this be she chance . 723 she offer none . she follow he with she eye . ' nickie you be happy , yare not you ? yes -- and you ?. nickie ( smile ) I do not know ! I be worried about the future . what will people think of I ? they will say .. cont . o . 102 . 1b5 cont. S '' nickie ( cont . ) ( act it out ) " there go ferrante , the mad painter ! there 's something the matter with he ! he..does not ... like ...women !! 1 " . terry ‘( as though listen to a fairy story ) he will not even speak to ‘em . NI ( quickly ) oh yes ! he sail the seven seas ... . and to every woman he meet he say : ( seductively ) " where will you be in six month ? " ( he laugh ) . terry and they be there ? - nickie : | ( nodd solemnly ) . everywhere ... tall building , pyramid - cathedral everywhere ... wait ... wait ... waiting .. and where be he ? nickie ( smile , as he presence beside Te answer the question ) wait . : pause ) do you want to change the subject ? terry ( nodd ) merry Christmas , nickie ... nickie I almost forget . six month ago who would have think we would be spend Christmas together ... ( he smile at '' Terry a ) oh..and before I go -- I bring you a present . cont . 103 145 cont.6 he exit into live room . a beat . Terry , alone . he return with package . ( touch , embarrassed ) I be sorry I have not one for you ... I do not know I would see you ... nickie ( hand she package ) it be not really a Christmas present ... you can open it after I be go ... Terry feel the Package and intuitively kmow what be in it . the theme misic " Love affair " come into the scoring as she look up at nickie . : terry that 's why my letter to she come dackee . ( he nod , as she open the package ) nickie I would have send it to you , except I do not lmow the address until todayece . ( as she see shawl ) she want you to have it . Terry 's eye warm . as she take up the shawl . she put it about she shoulder . nickie 's eye be reflect Terry 's beauty and remembrance of thing past . nic : ( awkwardly ) well , goodbye , Terry ... terry ( she start to speak , mow she should not , give he she hand in goodbye ) Goodbye , nickie . he kiss hen hand and she see he go to the door , put on he coat , take he hat . he turn back to she , see she with the shawl about she , she eye on he . he hesi - tate . cont . o 4 145 cont.7 nickie ( haltingly ) I paint you like that ... with the shawl ... I wish you would see it . courbet ' say it be my best ... I do not think I would ever part with it ... but there be no reason for keep it any more eee a girl come into courbet 's gallery eeehe fold I . abort she . '' she see in the painting what I hope you would see ... so I tell courbet to give it to she . ( smile sheepishly ) because he say she be poor , and | not only that , she wasee . tne get sudden think ) well , anyway .. I say , " give it to . she ... '' , ( wonder , he look : at she cover leg ) " it be the Christmas season and ... " | ( he look around room , | unable to believe he — . ( . own thought ) 4 k . " if she can not afford ... " ( Terry be gaze ° at he , hold she breath ) and you know I ... big-heart nickie ... Terry be nodd , but she heart be in he wander eye . nickie , as he have speak this last line , have walk into live room , then toward bedroom door . he enter it . 146 int . terry's bedroom - painting in mirror ~ day we see the Lady with shawl in the mirror as see from the entrance to . the room . now we see nickie 's head in the mirror as he gaze at the painting , at himself , as he realize why Terry ... 147 ext . terrace - close shot terry - day she be look after nickie with the realization that he have see the picture now ... she heart be panicky ... how much more do he know ? her eye be on he as he be - enter . 148 ext . terrace - mo , shot - nicki= - day co ) his eye be stricken as he come back . he gaze at ! '' Terry and walk to she . { cont . | 149 @ ! 150 o 723 o 148 cont . nickie ( eye stricken ) there 's one thing more courbet tell I about the girl ... ( he indicate other room ) eeeyou know ... the girl who see in my painting ... mo . close shot - terry in chair . she realize he kmow . her eye follow he as he come into the scene beside she . nickie * ( stricken ) why do not you tell I , Terry ... if anything have to happen to either of we ... why do it have to be you ...? terry ( see the remorse in he eye , the knowledge , try to smile ) darling ... do not look at I like that ... . ( warmly ) it be nobody 's fault but my own ... I be look up into the sky ... . ( smile , she eye moisten ) you see , it be the nearest thing there be to heaven ... because you be there . . as nickie 's arm go about she , she cling to he , tear of happiness and sureness in she eye as she smile shakily , joyously . : terry if ) you can paint ... I can walk ... the world can turn upside down ...ife ... the chorus come into the scoring , sing " Love affair . " dissolve to : ext . villa - naple - day ( choral music in scoring ) , the dog , lie down , look off , he ear perk up and he start run . camera pan with he . as the dog reach the entrance to the villa we. see nickie carry Terry over the threshold , and we do not know whether or not Terry be able to walk again . fade out the end