a education written by Nick hornby 1 int . school . day 1 JANUARY 1962 . montage a nice girl ' school in a south west London suburb . we see girl do what girl do in a nice girl ' school in 1962 : walk with book on they head , practise they handwrite , make cake , play lacrosse , dance with each other . 1a int . classroom . day 1a in one of the classroom , miss stubb , a attractive , bright , animated schoolteacher , be talk to a small group of sixteen - year - old girl . some of this girl seem to be daydream - look out of the window , examine they fingernails . a couple , include a bespectacle girl who look five year young than everyone else in the class , write down everything the teacher say . only one , jenny , beautiful and animated , seem to be listen in the spirit in which miss stubb would like she to listen . she 's smile , eye shine - she love miss stubb , and this lesson . miss stubb ask a question , and Jenny put up she hand - the only one in the class to do so . miss stubb ( mock-sigh ) Jenny . again . jenny be not it because Mr Rochester 's blind ? 2 int . bedroom . day 2 Jenny 's bedroom . book about pony , a much love teddy bear ; a cello huge in the small room lean against the wall . Jenny be bent over a small desk . victorian novel , Latin primer and dictionary teeter in huge tower either side of she . she stand and stretch as she turn to we . she kneel and flick through she half - dozen or so lps on the floor near a cheap record player - they be all classical , mostly by elgar , apart from a juliette greco record . this be the one she choose . as the music begin , she sing along . immediately there be a thumping noise - someone underneath she be bang on the ceiling impatiently . man' voice ( o.s. ) I do not want to hear any french sing . french sing be not on the syllabus , last time I look . 2 . Jenny sigh , and reach for the volume control . she turn the music down so low that she have to lie down and put she head right next to the dansette to hear it . Close on Jenny as she silently mouth the word along with the almost inaudible track . 3 int . live room . day 3 Jenny , she mother and father be finish Sunday lunch . Jenny 's father jack be in he forty , marjorie , she mother be slightly young than Jack , but every bit as middle - age . the food be grey and brown , in keep with the colour scheme of the house . they be not talk - they be listen to mantovani on the radio . Jenny get up from the lunch table . jenny I have get a English essay to do by tomorrow morning . jack I do not want to hear anything through the ceiling this afternoon , apart from the sound of sweat drip onto textbooks . jenny cello ? jack no cello . jenny I think we agree that cello be my interest or hobby ? jack it 's already you interest or hobby . when they ask you " what 's you interest or hobby ? " at you Oxford interview , you can say , " cello " . that would not be a lie . you do not need to practise a hobby . a hobby be a hobby . jenny or interest . jack ( ignore she ) you do not need to be good at it . you just have to be interested in it . 3. jenny can I stop go to the youth orchestra , then ? jack no . the orchestra show you be a joiner - inner . university like joiner-inner . jenny ah. yes. but . I have already join in . so now I can stop . jack well , if you stop , that show the opposite , do not it ? that show you be a rebel . they do not want that at Oxford . jenny no . they do not want people who think for themselves . jack ( miss the sarcasm , as be he wont ) course they do not . 4 int . school hall . day 4 Jenny with cello sit in the string section . everyone be get settle , tuning up , latecomer still arrive . along the row from Jenny , tuning he violin , be a nice - look boy of she age , graham , and she wave at he . two 13 year old boy sit between they wave too , parodically , and then blow kiss , much to Graham 's embarrassment and Jenny 's fury . the silly boy dissolve in fit of giggle : this be clearly one of the funniest moment of they life - until one of they fart noisily and , it would appear from all the frantic gesture , pungently . the comic value of the fart top even the comic value of the wave , and they be scarcely able to stay seat , such be they mirth . 5 ext . school . day 5 Jenny and Graham be talk while he struggle to take he bike out of a bicycle rack slightly unbalance by the violin strapped to he back . Graham be nervous , chronically unconfident and shy . graham should I wear , you know , Sunday best ? 4. jenny you would better , I be afraid . just to show my father you be un jeune homme serieux , not a teddy boy . graham oh , God . jenny it will be all right . I will not wait . it 's go to bucket down in a minute . I will see you at the weekend . Jenny move as quickly as she can towards the street . graham oh , yes . bye . the two silly boy from before arrive to blow more kiss . smaller boy 1 Goodbye , darling ! see you at the weekend ! I will miss you with all of my heart ! Graham blushes . Jenny swipe the chief offender over the head with she sheet music . 6 ext . bus stop . day 6 the rain have begin . Jenny attempt to cover herself . a mother and two child cross the road in front of she , and a beautiful , sleek red sport car - a bristol - stop to let they across . David , possibly in he mid-thirty , dapper , and almost but not quite handsome , be drive the car . David , distract , impatient , spot Jenny at the bus stop . in front of the car a small wellington boot drop off the foot of one of the child , further slow down they painfully slow progress across the road . Jenny be wet . David make eye contact . Jenny smile ruefully , and enchantingly . David sigh , and then hesitates for a moment . the window of the bristol slowly roll down . david hello . Jenny ignore he . david listen . if you have get any sense , you would not take a lift from a strange man . 5 . Jenny smile thinly . david I be , however , a music lover , and I be worried about you cello . so what I propose be , you put it in the car and walk alongside I . jenny how do I know you will not just drive off with the cello ? david ah. good point . he wind down the other window and wave on the car that have stop behind he . david how much do a new cello cost ? twenty pound ? thirty ? I do not know . let 's say thirty . he pull out a wallet , take out three ten-pound note , hand they to she . david there. Security . Jenny laugh and wave the money away . 7 ext . STREET . near school . day . 7 later . the cello be in the back seat of the bristol . Jenny be trot alongside the car , while David lean nonchalantly across the passenger seat to talk to she while drive . david I be David , by the way . she say nothing . david and you be ...? jenny Jenny . ( beat ) I have never see a car like this before . c'est tre chic . david it 's a bristol . not many of `em make . Jenny nod , but do not know how to respond . 6 . david how do the concert go ? jenny it be a rehearsal . the concert 's next Thursday . david what be you play ? jenny ( make a face ) elgar . david ah , elgar . I often think it 's a shame he spend so much time in worcester , do not you ? worcester 's too near Birmingham . and you can hear that in the music . there 's a horrible brummy accent in there , if you listen hard enough . Jenny look at he and smile . she have not expect he to be able to make elgar joke . david anyway , I be not sure elgar and Jews mix very well . jenny I be not a Jew ! david ( smile ) no. I be . I be not ... accuse you . jenny oh . ( she smile awkwardly . ) can I sit in the car with my cello ? David stop the car . david jump in . 8 int . car . day 8 Jenny shut the door and sink approvingly into the white leather seat . David regards the drip girl with amusement . jenny it 's even nicer on the inside . 7. david where to , madam ? Jenny make a face . jenny I only live round the corner . david what a shame . we will just make it last as long as we can . 9 ext . STREET . near jenny 's. day 9 the bristol be crawl along the road at walk pace . 10 int / ext . car jenny' house . day 10 David reach across Jenny while drive slowly , open the glove compartment and take out a packet of cigarettes . david smoke ? jenny I would better not . I be a bit close to home . David light one for himself . david I suppose cellist must go to a lot of concert . jenny we do not go to any concert . we do not believe in they . david oh , they be real . jenny so people say . david why do not we believe in they ? jenny I suppose ... what would he say ? david you father , this be ? 8. jenny ( darkly ) oh , yes . he would say there 's no point to they . they be just for fun . apart from school concert , of course , which be no fun at all , so we go to that . the proper one do not help you get on . david which of course be what be so wonderful about they . anyway , you will go one day . jenny ( heartfelt ) yes . I will . I know . sometimes it seem as though that 's what all this slog be for . if I get to University , I be go to read what I want and think about what I want and listen to what I want . and I be go to look at painting and go to french film and talk to people who know lot about lot . david good for you . which University ? jenny Oxford . if I be lucky . do you go anywhere ? david I study at what I believe they call the University of life . and I do not get a very good degree there . Jenny smile . jenny this be I . thank you . she get out of the car with the cello . David stare after she for a moment , then drive off . 11 int . jenny' sitting -room . afternoon 11 Jenny , she parent and Graham be eat afternoon tea - neat fish - paste sandwich , battenberg cake , best china . marjorie how 's you mother , Graham ? 9 . graham she 's fine , thanks . she send she best , by the way . jack where be you apply , Graham ? Jenny look embarrassed . she know what 's come . graham I be not sure yet . jack well , when will you be sure ? you can not let the grass grow under you foot , you know . otherwise you will be at the back of the queue . jenny ( deadpan ) I suppose so . I suppose the grow grass would knock you off balance , and then you would fall over , and by the time you pick yourself up , there would be a queue . her father shoot she a look - be she be cheeky ? graham I might take a year off . Jenny wince . Jack look at he as if he 's just say he will take all he clothes off . jack what for ? graham ( mumble ) I do not know . maybe do some travel , that sort of thing . jack travel ? what be you , a teddy boy ? Close - up of Jenny - she know what 's come , and can not bear it . beat . jack ( nodd at Jenny ) you know she 's go to Oxford , do not you ? oxford. English . if we can get she Latin up to scratch . Jenny sigh . 10 . jack so she 's study English at Oxford while you be a wander Jew ... Jenny look at he curiously . Graham steel himself to speak . graham Mr mellor ... I be not a teddy boy . I be a homme serieux . jeune . a homme jeune serieux homme . Jenny wince again . her father stare at Graham . Graham blushes . 12 int . jenny' house . evening 12 it 's the night of the youth orchestra concert . Jenny , she mother and father be on they way out of the door . Jack be carry the cello . Jenny be in she school uniform , with she hair scrubbed back in a severe ponytail . the three of they be flustered . Jenny open the front door for she father and he stumble outside . jenny oh ! 12a int / ext . jenny' house . evening 12a she have see something on the doorstep , and she stoops to pick it up - a large bunch of flower . jenny they be for I ! marjorie ( curious ) who be they from ? Jenny open the card that 's attach to they . jenny gosh . him . marjorie who 's `him ' ? jenny just ... a chap I meet . marjorie a chap who send flower ? so he 's a man-chap ? 11 . jenny yes , he be , really . Jack stare at the flower in disbelief . the bunch of flower have create in Jack the kind of panic and fear more typically associate with a biochemical attack . jack what 's go on here ? marjorie ( drily , know the trouble this will cause ) Jack , I be afraid Jenny have be send some flower by a chap . jack a chap ? what kind of chap ? who ? why ? jenny ( patiently ) he 's wishing I luck for tonight . jack be you sure that 's all he 's wishing ? and where do he get the money from ? jenny he earn it , I expect . jack what do you mean , he earn it ? why be not he at school ? what do he do ? jenny can we just go ? otherwise the bunch of good - luck flower will actually be responsible for I actually miss the concert . which would be ironic , n'est ce pas ? jack well I do not like it . marjorie objection note . Jenny ? jenny noted . 12 . jack ten bob 's worth of luck , I reckon . that 's a lot for a schoolgirl . you can not leave they out here , anyway . I would burgle a house that have flower outside . they will think we be make of money . 12b int . jenny' house . evening 12b Jenny sigh , put they inside the house , shut the door . 13 int . coffee bar . day 13 Jenny and two school friend , hattie and tina , be sit at a table in a typical late - 5as coffee bar , sip cappuccino . Jenny be easily the most attractive of the three - and also , we will see , possibly the cleverest . hattie be slower than the other two , and a lot frumpier ; tina be pretty , and sharp rather than clever . she be also the least middle - class of the three - she 's clearly a scholarship girl . they be all dress in a unflatter and unambiguous school uniform - no attempt to disguise it with more fashionable accessory . Jenny be smoking pretentiously , and seem to be practise some kind of pout . Tina start to slurp the froth from she cappuccino with a spoon , inelegantly and noisily . Jenny tut she disapproval . Tina sigh , and put she spoon down . jenny the whole point about he be that he do not feel . tina we still do not have to like he . jenny camus do not want you to like he . what he 's try to say be that feel be bourgeois . be engagee be bourgeois . his mother die and he do not feel anything . he kill this arab and he do not feel anything . tina I would not feel anything if my mother die . do that make I a existentialist ? jenny no . that just make you a cow . 13 . hattie Une vache . laughter . 14 ext . STREET / coffee bar . day 14 Jenny , hattie and Tina emerge from the cafe , talk . jenny well I be go to be french . I be go to Paris and I be go to smoke and listen to Jacques brel and wear black . and I will not speak . ever . c'est plus chic , comme ... she break off . park outside a tobacconist on the other side of the road be the red bristol . she look towards the shop , and David emerge with a copy of the Times and a packet of cigar . Jenny cross the road to talk to he while the other watch . david hello . jenny hello . thank you . david how do it go ? jenny oh , fine . I think . I mean , I do not mess my bit up , anyway . and no - one get throw out of the orchestra afterwards . david always the mark of a cultural triumph . listen . I be glad I run into you . what be you do on Friday ? jenny go to school . david I mean the evening . jenny ( embarrassed ) oh. yes . of course . nothing . 14 . david because I be go to listen to some schubert in St john' , Smith Square . my friend Danny and helen will be go too , so it would not be ... I will tell you what . I will come and pick you up , and if you mother and father disapprove , then you can have the ticket and go with one of they . how do that sound ? Jenny do not know what to say . she look at David , and he eagerness to please seem to convince she . jenny thank you . and I would like you to take I . I would like to go with someone who know when to clap . david I usually watch Danny . he know that sort of thing . Jenny smile . david Seven ? and we will probably go for a spot of supper afterwards , if you ... but if you , if that 's not ... well , we can always put you in a taxi . jenny ( flat disbelief ) Supper . david if you want . jenny the trouble be , we will already have eat . david well . I mean , if you would like supper , then , perhaps on Friday you could ... not eat ? jenny ( embarrassed again ) oh. yes . of course . Jenny smile , and rejoin she friend on the other side of the road . Tina and hattie be stand there almost with they mouth open , amaze . she do not say anything and start to walk on . 15 . tina I be sorry . I just have the strangest dream . I dream you cross the road and speak to a handsome man with the most beautiful car I have ever see . and then you come back and you do not mention it . Jenny smile enigmatically . Tina grab Jenny mock-urgently . tina ` oo wazzee ? jenny ( light , playful ) just a man who 's be try to pick I up . we be go to a concert on Friday night . and then we be have a spot of supper . tina ( shriek ) a spot of supper ? jenny you have hear of supper ? hattie we have hear of it . but we have never eat it . jenny neither of you be interested in the concert part , I notice . hattie no . of course not . tina oh my God ! I have only just realise ! that 's what 's go to happen to you , be not it ? look at she ! Men be go to pick she up in the street and take she out to supper ! hattie God , you be right , Tina . I have not think of that . look at she . jenny do not be so daft . tina we be try to attract the attention of boy . 16 . and she 's fight off man . anyway . you be go to have to tell we more than that . jenny why ? hattie because no man 's ever go to ask we out to supper . not until we be lady , anyway . you be go to have to tell we everything . otherwise it 's not fair . jenny there will not be anything to tell . tina well , make something up , then . 15 int . jenny' house . evening 15 Jenny be dress up for she evening out . she look good , but also stiff , uncomfortable - she 's not herself in she dress , which look too old for she . her father be stand in front of she , shouting . jack I will not allow it ! jenny ( coolly ) Fine . he 's quite happy for you to take I . jack ( uncertainly ) right . I will . jenny good . jack where be it ? jenny St John 's Smith Square . jack where 's that ? jenny I do not know . I be sure we could find out . marjorie come into the room . 17 . marjorie it 's in westminster . just around the corner from the Abbey . Jack look at she as if she would just give direction to the nearest opium de . jack how d' you know that ? marjorie I have a life before we be marry , you know . jenny he soon put a stop to that . jack there we be . jenny where be we ? jack near westminster Abbey . I be not go all the way over there . jenny the trouble be , that 's where St John 's Smith Square be . jack and I have just say . that 's where I be not go . there must be something on locally . where 's the paper ? marjorie Jack , she want to see someone who can play . she do not want to see Sheila kirkland scratch away . I will take she . jack and how be you go to get over there ? raf helicopter ? the doorbell ring . jenny that 's he . now what ? jack oh , bloody hell . marjorie Jack ! 18. Jenny start towards the door , and then turn . jenny oh , and by the way ... David 's a Jew . a wander Jew . so watch yourself . she go to the door . jack ( panic-stricken and shouting ) what 's she talk about ? I have never say anything like that in my life ! anyway , it 's just a expression ! I be not against the Jews ! Jenny come back in with David , who be dress stylishly in he early - 60 young executive leisurewear - sport jacket , slack , cashmere sweater . he look out of place - he be brighter and brasher than he surroundings , the most colourful thing in the room , and he seem intimidatingly exotic . David have obviously hear Jack 's last line . david ( pleasantly ) I be glad to hear it . hello. David Goldman . he offer he hand . jack I do not mean I be not against you ... actually , I do mean that , because I be not , but ... jenny dad ! David 's hand be still extend - in he confusion and embarrassment , Jack have not yet take it . he do so now , and shake it for way too long . jack I be sorry . what I be say be that you be not the sort of , of person I would be against , if I be the sort of person who be against ... people . you be not a old ... oh , dear . I be Jack , and this be marjorie . 19 . david ( deadpan ) you do not tell I you have a sister , Jenny . General confusion , until David chuckle naughtily . marjorie giggle , and then offer she hand . david you be a lucky man , Jack . jack I suppose I be , yes . they all sit down . david so. gosh . ( he look around approvingly . ) this be lovely . marjorie smile . marjorie thank you . jack I be sorry , David . can I get you a drink ? david I would love one , Jack , but we be run a little late . if Jenny 's ready , perhaps we will shoot off . Jenny look at she father , and take a calculate gamble . jenny ah. well . dad 's get something to tell you . jack no , no , nothing ... it be more of a question , really . how would you get to St John 's Smith Square from here ? for future reference ? david oh , it 's a pretty straight run , really . up to hammersmith , take the a4 through kensington and you be there . jack simple as that . david simple as that . 20 . Jack smile broadly . marjorie ( playfully ) so shall I book some ticket for something ? jack ( still smile ) no . beat . jack back by ten , please , David . she 's usually in bed by then . Jenny wince . david I be hope Jenny would come with I afterwards to have a bite of supper with my aunt helen . Jenny study he carefully . suddenly he friend Danny and helen have become ` aunt hele n ' . jack oh , well , I suppose ... david how about if I promise to have she in by eleven thirty ? jack well , it 's Friday night . and if you be go out to the West end ... david thanks , Jack . I appreciate it . see you again . they exchange warm handshake . he turn to marjorie . marjorie extend she hand . David take it , but kiss it suavely , leave she a little flustered . marjorie have a nice time . jenny bye . Jenny and David leave . 21 . jack ( sniff the air ) what 's that smell ? have he get perfume on ? marjorie it 's call after -shave , Jack . and it make a change from carbolic soap . jack at least there 's no confusion , if you smell of carbolic soap . marjorie roll she eye . marjorie nobody 's ever go to get confuse about you , dear . 15a ext . ST JOHN be , smith square . night 15a Jenny and David walk toward the beautiful hall . Jenny suddenly look young in the dress that look too old for she - other adult be milling around outside , and the woman do not look like girl dress up . David make for a incredibly glamorous and attractive couple in they late twenty who be wait outside - danny and helen . helen be as far from anyone 's idea of a aunt as one can get . she 's no more beautiful than Jenny , but she 's dress both appropriately and spectacularly , in early - 60 , pre-hippy bohemian gear . she turn head in a way that Jenny be not yet able to . Danny too be attractive , but soberly so . David and Jenny be , in a way , paler , less strike version of this two . david hello hello . be we late ? helen I be hope we would miss the beginning , and then it would not be worth go in , and we could go off dance or something . danny helen be one of the more reluctant member of tonight 's audience . Jenny and David laugh politely . david Jenny , this be my friend helen and Danny . 22. Jenny shake hand with the two of they . they both give she fascinate and clearly appraise look . they have hear about she . david ( cont 'd ) shall we ? they walk into the hall . 16 int . ST john' smith square . night 16 it 's a beautiful hall - Jenny be dazzle by the surroundings and the company . she 's particularly bowl over by helen . helen look . we can leave we coat over there . I want to get rid of this . she nod at the coat she 's carry . Jenny look thrilled at the prospect of spend a couple of minute with helen . Danny hand helen he coat , without say anything . the girl walk over to another reception table a few yard away , behind which be a cloakroom . a lady be exchange overcoat for ticket . almost involuntarily , Jenny touch the sleeve of helen 's velvety jacket . she stop herself . helen notice . jenny I be so sorry . helen ( amused ) that 's ok . it 's nice , be not it ? jenny it 's beautiful . where do it come from ? helen oh , South Ken somewhere . helen look at Jenny 's outfit , she frumpy `smart ' dress , apparently want to return the compliment . helen ( nodd at the dress ) this be ... well , it 's good for this sort of concert , be not it ? jenny ( quietly ) thank you . 23. helen be now at the front of the queue , and hand she coat over imperiously . helen we should go shopping together one day , if you want . she take a ticket from the cloakroom lady . jenny that would be nice . but South Ken ... c'est beaucoup trop cher pour moi . they stare at each other . helen be bewilder , Jenny embarrassed . helen sorry ? jenny I just say .... it be too expensive for I . helen no you do not . you say something completely different . jenny I just ... well , I say it in french . helen in french ? why ? Jenny feel humiliate ; she be yet to realise what we can see - that helen be simply very dim . jenny I do not know . Jenny look away . helen stare at she . the performance bell ring , and they make they way back to the man . to Jenny 's surprise and pleasure , helen link arm with she as they walk . helen anyway . it 's too expensive for I , too . we do not have to worry about that . if you want something in South Ken , get David to take you shopping . jenny why on earth would he want to take I shopping ? 24 . helen make a know face . 17 int . ST john' smith square . night 17 David , Jenny , Danny and helen in a row in the middle of the auditorium , watch the stage and listen to the music . Jenny can not concentrate - she 's too excited by the occasion and the company . Jenny sneak a glance at helen , who stare straight ahead , unblink and enigmatic . David be smile , as if he 's try to communicate enjoyment ; Danny 's eye flicker across the stage - he understand the music , its component part , which musician be contribute what . Jenny take it all in . 18 ext . ST john' smith square . night 18 Jenny , David , Danny and helen emerge with the other concert - goer . david I book a table at juliette 's . will that kill the mood , do you think ? helen oh , I do hope so . the other laugh . helen I always think I be go to my own funeral when I listen to classical music . ( tentatively ) that be classical , be not it ? danny yes . very classical . as classical as you can get . helen look pleased . david juliette 's it be , then . Heaven forbid that we should end the evening reflect on we own mortality . Jenny smile in delight . she 's never meet people like this . 19 int . juliette 's. night 19 a singer in the Julie London mould be sing `I be in the mood for Love ' while cigarette girl and glamorous waitress patrol the table . 25 . Jenny be sit with the other at a table in the club , eat and talk . she look about twelve , but she 's thrilled to be there . we know now that she life can never be the same again , and there will be no go back to fish - paste sandwich with spotty Graham . david have you never hear " chante francoise sagan " ? Jenny shake she head . her eye be wide - she 's clearly awe-struck . David offer she a cigarette - a gitane - which she take . he light it for she while she 's listen . danny oh , it 's wonderful . jenny I have only get .... well , I think it 's just call ` juliette greco ' . the one with the eye on the sleeve . I save up and get my french conversation teacher to bring it back after Christmas . helen you have get a french conversation teacher ? jenny yes . helen be that why you suddenly speak french for no reason ? danny ( ignore she ) you must have see she sing ? Jenny shake she head again and smile . where would she have see juliette greco ? Danny , meanwhile , be baffle . who have not see juliette greco ? david she 's marvellous . danny but you should see she in Paris , not here . David will take you . david I would love to . you would fit right in . helen ( sympathetically ) better than here , really . 26 . david it 's wonderful to find a young person who want to know thing . there 's so much I want you to see . they sip they drink pensively , possibly to allow time for the double - entendre to disappear into the smoke . david be you still all right to come and have a look at that pembroke villas place with I on Friday , Danny ? danny oh. no. can not do it . there 's a burne - Jones come up at Christie 's on Friday . and I want it . jenny ( laugh in disbelief ) you be think of buy a burne - Jones ? a real one ? danny I just have a feel that the pre-Raphaelite be go to take off . jenny I love the pre-Raphaelite . david ( excited by she education ) do you ? jenny yes , of course . rossetti and burne - Jones , anyway . not holman hunt , so much . he 's so garish . Danny look at she . there 's clearly more to this schoolgirl than he think . david absolutely ! why do not we all go to the auction ? would not that be fun ? jenny a auction . gosh . how exciting . 27 . danny next Friday morning . David will pick you up . jenny ( crestfallen ) oh. Friday . danny you be busy ? jenny well . yes . she do not want to explain why . danny tant pis . helen look at he aghast . why have he start speak french ? david be you sure you be busy ? Jenny hesitates . jenny no. I be sure I could .... be - arrange . that would be lovely . 20 int . jenny' house . night 20 Jenny let herself quietly into the house . the hallway be dark , but she can hear noise from the kitchen . she poke she head round the corner , and see she mother do the wash - up . marjorie oh , hello , love . do you have a nice time ? jenny what be you do ? marjorie I can not get this casserole dish clean . we have hot - pot tonight , and it 's all burnt round ... jenny it 's twenty - five to twelve . we finish tea at seven . 28 . marjorie I know what the time be . how be you evening ? jenny it be ... it be the best night of my life . marjorie and he take you home in he car ? right to the door ? Jenny look at she . she do not seem to have hear what Jenny have just say . jenny goodnight , mum . marjorie and I be glad you enjoy the concert . 21 int . classroom . day 21 Jenny , hattie and Tina be sit on they desk , wait for the start of a lesson . nine or ten classmate be scattered around the room , talk distractedly , but Jenny 's group be much more animated : Tina and hattie be lean forward , listen to Jenny , they eye bright . they be clearly awestruck by Jenny 's tale of the outside world . tina ( to hattie ) I be not interested in schubert . I want to know what else be on the programme . laughter . jenny there be nothing like that . he be the perfect gentleman . he just say he want to take I place and show I thing . tina thing plural ? oh my gawd ! more laughter . the English teacher , miss stubb , young and fresh - face and lively - look , enter , and pick up on the excitement of Jenny 's coterie . 29 . miss stubb I know that in the end ` Jane eyre ' would work its magic upon you . I be presume that 's what you be so animated about . the student start to sit down at desk in a more conventional arrangement . jenny of course . tina ` Jane eyre ' and Jenny 's new boyfriend . jenny he 's not my " new boyfriend " . god. tina it 's true . he 's more a man - friend , be not he ? he 's get a sport - car , miss stubb . miss stubb ah. a Mr Rochester figure . tina I think he must be as blind as Mr Rochester . laughter . Jenny pull a face at she . miss stubb be there no end to you thirst for literary understanding , Jenny ? as you may have notice , I be attempt to turn the subject away from Jenny 's lurid love - life and towards the matter in hand . she start to hand out essay . miss stubb and it 's quite clear on this evidence that most of you know much too much about the former , and almost nothing about the latter . reluctantly I must concede that Jenny be evidently a expert on both matter . excellent as always , Jenny . miss stubb slap a essay down on Jenny 's desk . we can see that it 's mark `a + ' . 30 . 22 int . jenny' bedroom . night 22 Jenny at she desk , work . she put down she pen , distract . 23 int . david be car . day 23 David sit in he bristol , wait . 24 ext . school . day 24 we see the bristol park outside , and Jenny walk towards it , a small figure in a large playground . she 's clearly just change out of she school uniform , and she 's make last - minute adjustment to she civvy . a teacher walk towards she , and Jenny almost freeze - but the teacher merely smile pleasantly and walk past . Jenny keep walk at a measure pace for a moment and then break into a run . 25 int / ext . car / dilapidated house . day 25 Jenny and David be drive along a North kensington street . jenny how do you know Danny ? David be distract . he 's drive slowly , apparently look for a address . david oh , you know . we keep bump into each other , and we become pal , and we have end up do a bit of work together , when it suit we . jenny what kind of work ? david property . a bit of art deal . some buy and sell . this and that ... he stop the car . david I will be two second . he get out of the car , and Jenny watch he as he cross the road . 31 . outside a dilapidate house cover in scaffold stand a large West indian family , mother , father , three or four small child and a dog . they be surround by what appear to be all they worldly goods . David squat down on he haunch , talk to the kid , tousle the hair of the smallest . then he take out a bunch of key and usher the family down the path . he unlock the door and lead they inside . in a upper window of the house , we see a old lady peer down anxiously . 26 ext . STREET / dilapidated house . day 26 David emerge from the house , jangling he key . 27 int . car . day 27 Jenny open the glove compartment where David keep he cigarettes , take out the packet , remove one for herself , offer the packet to David as he get into the car . he light they both . david I be sorry about that . jenny how do you know that , that ... negro people ? david they be client . jenny client ? david Jenny darling , even schwarzer have to live somewhere . and it 's not as if they can rent off they own kind , be it ? he start the car and drive off . jenny I be not sure I quite understand what you do . david you do not need to . it 's too boring . all you need to know be that I work in property so that I can take you to nice place . Jenny 's Pov of the black family in one window , and the little old lady disappear from another . 32 . 28 int . christie 's. day 28 Danny intent on a catalogue , helen gaze dreamily into space , as David and Jenny push they way through the crowded auction room . the auctioneer burble on in the background . danny you nearly miss it . Jenny be in awe of rich London in all its finery . the auctioneer clear he throat . auctioneer we turn to lot 41 , the Tree of forgiveness , by Sir Edward burne - Jones . this be a rare opportunity to purchase a key work of the pre- raphaelite movement . who will start I off at five hundred guinea ? Jenny glance at Danny . he make no move at this price . neither do anyone else . he 's poise and listen hard . auctioneer two hundred ? a middle - age lady , the epitome of the middle - age contemporary sloane , twin -set , pearl and a lot of face powder , raise she hand . auctioneer thank you , madam . Three hundred ? a man raise he hand . auctioneer do I hear three - fifty ? the middle - age sloane nod . auctioneer over to you sir . four hundred guinea ? thank you . four hundred and fifty ... Danny continue to sit there . Jenny be confuse . the middle - age lady bid four-fifty . David , sit next to Danny , whisper something to he . Danny nod . david ( whisper to Jenny ) you turn . Jenny look at he . 33. auctioneer no further bid ? david Quick ! Jenny raise she hand high , just as she would do at school . auctioneer five hundred guinea from the very eager new bidder . people look round and smile when they see who have come in . Jenny blushes , but stare fixedly ahead . auctioneer five hundred and fifty , madam ? thank you . Jenny look at David , who nod . auctioneer six hundred guinea . Jenny gesture more economically . auctioneer six-fifty ? thank you , madam . Seven hundred ... Jenny be almost insouciant this time . auctioneer Seven hundred ? the middle - age lady shake she head and purse she lip . when ask if she want to bid £ 700 . auctioneer sold for six hundred and fifty guinea . thank you . he bring down the gavel , and a murmur go around the room . Jenny be excited and giggly . David pat she on the back . auctioneer you name , please ? Jenny look at Danny . danny you know who you be . jenny ( to Danny ) Jenny mellor . 34 . danny I know who you be , too . tell he . jenny ( louder , to auctioneer ) Jenny mellor . danny thank you . could not have buy it without you . david well do . a nerveless performance . Jenny beam . she 's thrilled . 29 int . danny's flat . day 29 a beautiful , large , airy sit room in the first - floor flat in bedford Square . the flat be unusually and tastefully decorate , opulent and indicative of bohemian good taste . Jenny be sip a glass of white wine and walk around the room enthralled , look at Danny 's exist pre-raphaelite art collection ; he have three or four big painting proudly display on he wall . Danny be talk she through they while helen and David , sit on the sofa , watch - David proudly , helen impassively . danny a couple of year ago you could pick this up for fifty quid , you know . nobody be interested . jenny really ? fifty pound ? I do not believe you . suddenly Jenny see a cello in the corner of the room - a good one . jenny that 's not a lockey - Hill ! danny there be not many people who come in here and say that . helen certainly not I . jenny it 's beautiful . do you play ? 35 . danny I use to . I vow to myself that one day I would own one of this . and now I own one and never touch it . it 's vulgar to put it on show , really . helen give it to Jenny . danny that would be even more vulgar . david play for we , Jenny . jenny gosh , no . one day . when I be good enough for it . david she 's good enough now . jenny oh , David . you have never hear I . Danny stand up and stretch . david I shall come to hear you in St John 's Smith Square . or in Oxford , when you get there . danny we should all go and spend a weekend in Oxford . straw boater , punting , cream teas , antiquarian bookshop . bit of business , if we can find it . what about next weekend ? david / helen yes ! jenny a weekend away ? I would not be allow to do that . they all look at she . david I will find a way . I will talk to they . jenny who ? 36 . david Jack and marjorie . jenny about what ? david Oxford . Jenny hoot with derision . jenny you be go to ask my father if I can go away with you for the weekend ? he would have you arrest . david we will see . jenny I will bet you you can not do it . david how much ? danny ( amused ) be careful , Jenny . you do not know who you be deal with . jenny half -a-crown . david you be on . they shake hand . Jenny suddenly notice the clock on Danny 's mantelpiece . jenny mon dieu ! you must take I back to school . and I have get to change back into my uniform . there be a silence . Danny and David make momentary eye contact - they be clearly contemplate the erotic possibility of Jenny 's last sentence . helen notice . helen oh , behave yourselves . Jenny look at they all , mystify . 37 . 30 int . classroom / latin . day . 30 Jenny be in she Latin class , wait for the lesson to begin . Tina and hattie be not with she , and she sit on she own - the atmosphere of the class be very different from miss stubb ' English lesson . the girl be different , more serious , less fun , and the atmosphere be more sombre . the teacher , mrs wilson , be older , plainer , stricter . she pull some papers out of she bag . mrs wilson test result for the Virgil translation . we will start from the bottom ... Patricia . Jenny puff out she cheek . she 's not last . mrs wilson ( cont 'd ) absent. Margaret . 48 %. Jenny ... Jenny wince . mrs wilson ( cont 'd ) 52 % . that would just about scrape a pass in the exam proper . not good enough for Oxford candidate . 31 int . jenny' house . day 31 Jenny and she mother be sit on the sofa , stare into space , clearly upset . on the coffee table in front of they be the test , cover in red ink . they hear a key in the lock , and they look at each other . marjorie I will talk to he . Jack enter , back from work . he 's wear a suit and carry a batter briefcase . he look at they , and then notice the essay on the table . jack it 's she Latin , be not it ? marjorie the test do not ... well , it do not go as well as we would hope . he pick up the paper . 38 . jack and you still say I should not go down there and have it out with whatsername ? the Latin teacher ? because this be hopeless . jenny how be you go to " have it out " with she ? what be you go to do ? shout at she until she decide I be much cleverer than she think ? marjorie everyone 's do they best , Jack . jack what if they best be not good enough , though , eh ? what do we do then ? jenny we do not go to Oxford . any of we . not even you , dad . jack perhaps it 's all a waste of time and money anyway . marjorie you do not mean that . jack well , what 's she go to do with a English degree ? and if she 's go to spend three year play that bloody cello and talk in french to beatnik , then I be throw good money after bad . I suppose she might meet a nice lawyer . but she could do that at a dinner dance tomorrow . jenny oh , yes . that 's the whole point of a Oxford education . it 's the expensive alternative to a dinner dance . marjorie what about private tuition ? jack be anyone listen to I ? how much be that go to cost I ? 39 . marjorie five shilling a hour . maybe a little more for a-level . jack five bob ! but ... we could spend five bob on this and five bob on that , and before we know it that 's we savings down the drain . marjorie and what else be we spend five bob on ? what else be we spend sixpence on ? jack oh , nothing . ( he gesture round the room . ) it 's all free . that vase be free . marjorie it be , actually . it be a present from auntie vi . jack that chair be free . the sofa . we do not have to pay for anything . and even if we do , we do not have to work for it . that 's the beauty of life , Jenny . everything 's free . grow on tree . wonderful , be not it ? ( he warm to he theme , and grow progressively more berserk . ) we have get a lovely Oxford tree in the garden , lucky for you , so that 's Oxford take care of . and a whole orchard of school tree , so that 's all free . I be sure there be some private tuition tree out there . I will go and have a look . he stand up . marjorie Jack ... jack no , no , will not take I a minute . I think I see some at the back there , right next to the pocket money tree . I will just nip out and check , see that they be do all right . 40 . do not want anyone climb over the wall and scrumping , do we ? and you never know . maybe there will be a man with deep pocket grow out there . because God know we need to find you one . he leave the room , apparently to look in the garden for the mythical tree . 31a int . jenny' house 31a Jenny and she mother move to the window to watch he talk theatrically to the tree . 32 ext . STREET / coffee bar . day . 32 Jenny , hattie and Tina be walk back from school . tina you could always go to secretarial college with hattie . jenny ( sarcastic ) oh , thanks . hattie charm ! jenny oh , no . hattie and Tina follow Jenny 's eye , and they see Graham come towards they push he bike , red-face , trousers tuck into sock . graham hello . jenny oh. Graham . hello . graham I have not see you for age .... it all go wrong , do not it ? the tea-party , I mean . be it because of the year off ? jenny no , no . it 's just ... I have get so much to do if I be go to get the grade I need . 41 . tina yes . she 's get no time for boy . hattie and Tina try to suppress giggle . Graham turn a even brighter shade of red . hattie and Tina enter the coffee bar . Jenny feel sorry for he , be on the verge of invite he to join they ... and change she mind . jenny ( quickly ) bye , Graham . she follow the girl inside . 33 int . jenny' bedroom / upper hallway . night 33 Jenny be deep in she schoolwork . she have a Latin vocabulary propped open on the window - ledge . she look at it , walk away , mutter to herself , attempt to memorize . her concentration be break by a sudden gale of laughter from downstairs . 34 int . jenny' hall . night 34 she stand outside the live room for a moment , listen . she hear a man 's voice that do not belong to she father , and then more laughter from she father and mother . 35 int . live room . night 35 David be in the middle of demonstrate he ability to mimic all of the goons . Jack and marjorie be laugh so hard that they can hardly see - they certainly miss Jenny 's entrance . jenny ( curious ) hello . jack oh. hello . David do the most brilliant bluebottle , Jenny . actually , he can do all the goons . david I do not think I be very good at eccle . jack oh , no , you have get he ... 42 . jenny ( impatiently ) but what 's he do here ? david I be not go to disturb you . I know you would have you nose to the grindstone . jenny ( incredulous ) you come to see mum and dad ? jack be that so hard to imagine ? Jenny spy a open bottle of wine on the coffee-table . jenny and you be drink ? but it 's not Christmas ! jack hark at she ! make we sound as though we have sign the pledge . you do not know everything about we , you know . we have a life before you come along . jenny yes , that 's true . I be only go on what I have see over the last sixteen year . marjorie I be try to think what you miss . nothing much come to mind . jack they can not stand to see I enjoy myself . jenny anyway . would you excuse I ? I have get a huge pile of Latin translation to do . jack you do not tell I David go to Oxford . Jenny look at David , who stare back at she straight - face . jenny no. I do not . 43. david for all the good it do I . jack what do you read ? david oh , English . just like every other semi-employ layabout in London . jack ( marvel at the coincidence ) English ! which college ? david merton . marjorie be not that funny ? jenny extraordinary . david I be just tell Jack that I be go back next weekend . I go and see my old professor every now and again . jack that 's what you need , Jenny . someone on the inside track . it 's not always what you know , be it , David ? david too true . and clive would love Jenny . have you ever come across clive Lewis ? jenny dad have never come across anyone . david I just think he might know some of the book . jenny dad have never read any book . jack ( stung ) what 's he write ? 44 . david he write a child 's book call ` the lion , the witch and the wardrobe ' that do very well , I believe . marjorie cs Lewis ? that 's the clive you be talk about ? david well , to we he be just the old codger who teach medieval literature . but I come to know he very well . we just ... get along , do you know what I mean ? everyone murmur they comprehension . marjorie Jenny use to love that book . david gosh . that date I . he be write they when I be there . jenny I would love to meet he . there be a pause . Jack and marjorie look at the floor . somehow , David have manoeuvr a situation where , effectively , he be the one be ask . david I be sorry . I be be slow on the uptake . would Jenny like to come with I at the weekend ? jack well , I do not know about this weekend . but one day , yes , thank you . jenny how often do you see he ? david oh , once every couple of year . but next time , eh ? jenny ( disappointed ) hopefully I will be there by then . so that will not be much use . 45 . jack ( dubiously ) well , I suppose ... would she have to stay the night ? david well , I would not want to drive back after one of that Oxford dinner . Jack chuckle knowingly . david clive will get she a room in college . that 's easy enough . marjorie sound like too good a opportunity to pass up . jenny please , daddy . it would be so helpful to know something about the place . jack would it be a bother to you , David ? david I would be delighted . Jack , marjorie and Jenny all beam . 36 int . hallway . night 36 Jenny open the door for David . jenny ( sotto voce ) that be scandalous . david I tell you . you owe I half - a - crown . he kiss she on the cheek and disappear into the night . 37 int . danny's flat . day 37 David and Danny be wait for the girl to get ready . Danny be sit sprawle in a armchair ; David be pace up and down . 46 . david come on ! 38 int . helen' bedroom . day 38 a ornate four- poster bed occupy most of the space in the room . helen be do something to Jenny , but we can not see what . helen nearly ready ! 39 int . danny's flat . day 39 david how can they only be nearly ready ? danny I would not be surprised if three of they come out , you know . that 's the only explanation . they be make themselves a friend . lady ! let 's go . please . 40 int . helen' bedroom . day 40 Jenny be wear a floaty print dress that she have borrow from helen , and there be lot of other beautiful clothes strewn about the place . Jenny be sit at the dress table , be make up by helen . Jenny look three or four year older , more sophisticated .... more like helen . she can not believe it . she look in the mirror , and for a moment , she forget to breathe . helen there . you will do . you can keep it . I can only wear so many every day . Jenny emerge from she reverie . jenny ( thrilled ) really ? thank you . helen what about tonight ? will you be need a nightie ? or not ? jenny a nightie ? Jenny suddenly understand what helen mean . 47 . jenny will we be share bedroom ? helen you be not sleep with he ? jenny no. I be ... no. helen good for you . jenny really ? do you think so ? helen you be only sixteen . and you do not want to get into the family way , do you ? jenny oh , I would make sure that do not happen . I be go to do it when I be seventeen . on my seventeenth birthday , hopefully . helen with David ? Jenny pause . jenny well ... golly . I suppose it will be with David , will not it ? helen when 's you birthday ? jenny April . helen oh , he will be around in April . if that 's what you want . anyway . I will find you a nightie . Jenny stare at herself in the mirror again . 41 int . danny's flat . day 41 the girl emerge . both man be entrance by Jenny 's transformation . David can not take he eye off she . danny ( thoughtful ) shall , we , ah ... make a move ? 48 . he get to he foot . 42 int / ext . car country road . day . 42 the bristol on the country road to Oxford . 43 int / ext . car oxford day 43 the bristol drive through Oxford . Jenny catch a quick glimpse of a dream spire . danny imagine spend three year here . helen I know . she shudder , as if someone have walk over she grave . jenny can we stop ? david maybe later . there be a couple of thing we have to do . 44 int / ext . car oxford back STREET . day . 44 Jenny and helen in the back seat of the car , which be park outside a house in the back street of Oxford . there 's no sign of Danny and David . Jenny sigh impatiently . helen oh , it 's always like this . there be million of place I have never see because I have be stick in here . jenny you never get out ? helen there 's never anywhere to go in the place they stop . Jenny look out of the window . this be self - evidently true . 45 int . pub . evening . 45 helen and Danny , Jenny and David be stand in a quiet , old - fashioned pub , warming themselves at a open fire . 49 . David have a pen in he hand , and he 's hold a book - ` the lion , the witch and the wardrobe ' . david so. now . be he clive , do you think ? or cs ? helen I be confuse now . I think you would make he up ? danny ( attempt , briefly , to be patient ) no , we ... never mind . David walk over to the nearest table and write in the book . david there . he stand up , hand the book to Jenny . jenny ( read ) " to dear Jenny . with the pleasure of meeting you . come and see I again soon . clive . " helen dirty old man . laughter . he take a long drink from he pint of bitter . a group of student enter , all carry musical instrument . they stand at the bar , wait to be serve . Jenny stare at they with long - she want to be one of they . helen , meanwhile , stare at they as if they be alien . helen ( sotto voce ) why be university girl so strange- look ? helen 's right . the girl in the group be all bespectacle and frumpy . the other laugh . helen it 's true . and they can not all have start off that way , can they ? most girl be not ugly , but most girl student be . so there must be something about that place that , you know , make you fat , or spotty , or short - sighted . 50 . david well , if you look at it that way ... I mean , that 's proper scientific analysis . and you can not argue with science . helen look pleased . helen I be still not quite clear on what you want to do when you get here . jenny I want to read English . helen book ? jenny sorry ? helen you want to read English book ? jenny oh. yes. reading English be just another way of say ... danny I would not worry , Jenny . you be waste you breath . david anyway , tomorrow we will try to get more of a feel for the place . danny absolutely . this would be a good place to do a little business . David catch Jenny 's eye . this be not what he mean by " get a feel for the place . " danny all that little old lady wander around ... I will bet this place be rife with stat . jenny please explain what stat be . you be always go on about they . david all right . think of a number . now think about the most boring lesson you have ever have at school . 51 . now double it . done ? doubled ? now multiply it by the number you first think of , and there you be . that 's the official boredom content of stat . Jenny laugh . 46 int . B &amp ; B bedroom . night 46 a rather grotty and certainly unromantic b&amp ; B bedroom - so unromantic , in fact , that it even have the same fusty curtain from Jenny 's sit room . David be in bed , he hand behind he head , wait for Jenny . as far as we can tell - he 's wrap up in the sheet quite tightly - he 's in he underwear . the bedroom be light unromantically by the 40 - watt overhead light . Jenny come into the room wear one of helen 's nightdress , a glamorous satiny item quite inappropriate for the occasion or the surroundings . she look nervous . jenny we have get exactly the same curtain at home . david let 's not talk about curtain . you look beautiful . you really be a princess . Jenny be about to get into bed , but he tone make she pause at the edge of the bed . jenny there 's something you should know , David . I be ... well , I be a virgin . and I want to stay that way until I be seventeen . david I think that 's good . I think that 's right . and for you seventeenth birthday I be go to take you to Paris or Rome or Florence and make you feel like the most beautiful princess in the kingdom of love . but we can still be romantic , can not we ? jenny well , yes . of course we can . if it do not mean ... david minnie .... 52 . jenny be that I ? david yes . you be my minnie mouse , and I be you bubbalub . jenny oh . if that 's what .. david minnie . jenny yes , David ? david ( prompt ) bubbalub ... jenny sorry . yes , bubbalub ? david would you mind if I have a look at what might one day be mine ? just a peek ? his eye stray to she breast . Jenny stare at he . jenny you just want to see they ? david I just want to see they . Jenny , flustered and nervous , look at she nightgown - she do not know what to do . david let it fall from you shoulder . she do so . he stare . david thank you . he sit up , and lovingly lift the strap back up . he smile at she . relieved , she smile back . 47 int / ext . car cottage . day 47 the bristol , contain David and Jenny in the front seat and Danny and helen in the back , pass through a pretty oxfordshire village . it pull up outside a country cottage with a ` for sale ' sign outside . 53. 48 int . car . day 48 david might be worth a look . 49 ext . car cottage . day 49 the four get out of the car , and Jenny follow David and Danny to the front door of the house . helen hang back . helen Jenny ... Jenny turn around . jenny be not you come ? helen we do not go in . jenny what be you talk about ? danny helen will look after you . go and find a nice cup of tea somewhere . Jenny be mystify . jenny I do not need look after , thank you very much . David , I want to see ... David ignore she . danny I be not go to tell you a second time . now. run along . 49a ext . bench . day 49 a helen and Jenny wait for the boy . helen be blithe , chatty ; Jenny have a face like thunder . helen they will not be long . either way . jenny " either way " ? 54 . helen sometimes they find something , sometimes they do not . in the distance , David be wave at they urgently . helen and when they do find something , we usually have to leave quite quickly . they can be a bit naughty , sometimes . anyway . it 's nice to have company . I be usually outside on my own . Jenny stare at helen . she 's beginning to realise who she be deal with . 50 scene omitted 50 51 scene omitted 51 52 int / ext . car new country road . day 52 a old picture of some kind be wedge between helen and Jenny on the back seat . Jenny , furious , be stare out of the window . helen attempt to peer around the partition , but settles for a wave . helen coo-ee . Jenny . Jenny do not respond . danny sorry about be a little brisk back there , Jenny . we have we way of do thing . silly , really . still no response . david oh , come on , Jenny . let 's not spoil thing . jenny ( disbely ) me? I be spoil thing ? david I think there must be some kind of misunderstanding . Jenny shake she head bitterly . they continue drive in silence . 55 . 53 ext . danny's flat . day 53 the bristol pull up outside Danny 's bedford Square flat . danny who want to come up for a drink ? david Jenny ? jenny ( still furious ) no thanks . you go . I will find my own way home . Jenny get out of the car and start up the road . David get out and start to chase after she . david Jenny ! he catch up with she in the street . david it be a old map . a speed . it be coope up in that miserable little cottage , and she do not even know what it be . what a waste ! it should not spend its life on a wall in wherever the hell we be . it should be with we . we know how to look after it properly . we liberated it . Jenny snort derisively . jenny liberate ! that 's one word for it . david ( quickly and passionately ) oh , do not be bourgeois , Jenny . you be better than that . I know you have fun with we . I can see it . you drink everything I put in front of you down in one , every last drop , and then you slam you glass down on the bar and ask for more , and it 's wonderful . we be not clever like you , so we have to be clever in other way , because if we be not , there would be no fun . 56 . we have to be clever with map , and .. and .. you want to know what stat be ? stat be old lady who be scared of coloured people . so I move the coloured in and the old lady move out and I buy they flat cheap . that 's what I do . so now you know . Jenny nod reluctantly . david and if you do not like it , then I will understand , and you can go back to twickenham and listen to the Home service and do you Latin homework . but this weekend , and the restaurant and the concert .. they do not grow on tree . Jenny look at he , startle . tree again ? david do you understand ? of course you do . this be who we be , Jenny . he turn to face she and hold out he hand . on Jenny : be she in or out ? Jenny take he hand . David pull she towards he , hold she around the waist and begin to dance with she . further up the pavement , helen and Danny watch , laugh . 54 ext / int . car jenny ' house . night 54 David pull up in the bristol outside Jenny 's house , and they sit in the dark for a little while . david I suppose you have homework to do . jenny gosh . yes. load . ( beat ) thank you . I have a nice time . david ( surprised , despite he speech earlier ) really ? in spite of the , the incident ? with the map ? jenny as you say in the car , it be a misunderstanding . 57 . david exactly . a muddle . jenny you have no idea how boring everything be before I meet you . david I hope that there 's something more than excitement to we relationship . jenny excitement 's a lot , when you be at school and you live in twickenham . david you know what I be try to say . I want you to like I for who I be , not just what I can do for you . jenny but that be who you be . I have never meet anyone like you . action be character , we English teacher say . david what do that mean ? jenny I think it mean that if we never do anything , we would not be anybody . and I never do anything before I meet you . and sometimes I think no - one 's ever do anything in this stupid country , apart from you . david that 's a good place to end the weekend . I will give you a tinkle . jenny thank you . they look at each other . David be clearly smitten . he move towards she . he want to kiss she , but he do not want to frighten she - in the end , Jenny make it easy for he and move towards he . they kiss gently and tenderly . fluster , Jenny break it off , get out of the car and go inside while David watch . 58 . 55 int . jenny' house . night 55 Jenny enter the sit room with she overnight bag to find the radio on , she father read the paper and she mother knitting . when Jenny come in , Jack beam . he have clearly turn some kind of corner . jack here she be ! the wanderer return ! marjorie do you have a nice time ? jenny Lovely , thank you . jack be he nice to you ? Jenny unzip she bag and pull out she copy of the book . she hand it to she father . jenny look inside . Jack examine the inscription . jack well I never . look at this , marjorie . he hand it to she . she examine it reverently . marjorie " clive " ... lucky girl . what be he like ? jenny he be just ... normal . kind . marjorie and do he show you round ? jenny oh , he be busy . David do , though . marjorie what do you think ? jenny beautiful . 59 . marjorie do it make you want to work harder ? jack never a dull moment with David , be there ? if it 's not concert , it 's famous author . bit different from that lad you bring home for tea , be not he ? marjorie David 's a lot older than Graham . jack Graham could live to be two hundred , and he still would not be swanning around with famous author . have not get it in he . jenny he might become a famous author , for all you know . jack be one be not the same as know one , be it ? anyone can be one . but if you move in that circle ... jenny what ? jack well , it say something about you , do not it ? it say you be go place . it say you be well connect . he 's a impressive young man , that David . I like he more and more . marjorie well , they say opposite attract , do not they ? I would not have think he be you sort . jack he be not . and now he be . marjorie be that how you feel , Jenny ? jenny I feel .... I feel I should do my homework . she leave the room . marjorie watch she go thoughtfully . 60 . 56 ext . park . day 56 a group of girl cross -country run . Jenny and she friend be at the back of the group , and the gym teacher , jogging backwards , gesticulates at they to get a move on . gym teacher lady , please . Christmas be come . they put on enough of a spurt to satisfy she , and then immediately stop when the teacher be no longer watch . see a attractive bench , they sit down . from somewhere under a skirt , Jenny produce a packet of exotic-looking cigarettes and offer they around . hattie what the hell be that ? jenny Russian sobrany . hattie and Tina make snooty face . Jenny take a cigarette . the other follow suit . Jenny light they , and they all grimace . the contrast between the sophisticated cigarettes , and the unsophisticate smoker and context be pronounce . hattie where do they come from ? tina she might have buy they from the savoy , or claridge , or the opera , or some fancy nightclub . who know , with Jenny ? jenny Paris . you can not buy they here . tina ( suddenly look at she suspiciously ) you never buy they yourself ? jenny ( mimick Tina 's grammar cruelly ) no. I never . tina shut up , you stick - up cow . jenny but I will bring you some back , if you want . 61 . tina you be joke . jenny non . hattie he 's take you to Paris ? jenny ( smile smugly ) oui. hattie this term ? jenny peut-etre . tina be not it you birthday next Tuesday ? jenny might be . the two friend shriek and jump up and down . hattie oh , my God ! you birthday ! tina I would not like to be you . all that dinner you have have off he . ouch . jenny you have such a victorian attitude to sex , you two . tina oh , sorry , Dr kinsey . we be not all as experience as you . I mean , you have do it ... ( she count on she finger ) I make it never ! can that be right ? hattie but you parent be just go to let you swan off like that ? jenny they do not know yet . David 's get a plan , he say . he usually have something up he sleeve . 62 . tina I have notice that . what do he tell they when you have you weekend in Oxford ? jenny ( animated by the memory ) oh , it be .... ( she change she mind ) David go to Oxford . merton . English . and he offer to show I round . hattie so you have a good-look boyfriend with pot of money , brain and a nice car . jenny apparently I do . Tina make a bitter face . tina and they tell we there 's a God . laughter . Jenny glance off into the distance , and spot a portly middle - age woman head in they direction . jenny sod. miss Davies . they stand up , grind they sobrany into the mud , kick they under the bench , and set off at a brisk trot . the sobranie stub come to rest near a pile of dog poo . 57 int . jenny' house . day 57 Breakfast on Jenny 's birthday . Jenny be at the table butter toast . Jack be read the paper , marjorie be cooking he egg and bacon . jack be David take you somewhere special tonight ? jenny not that I know of . marjorie I have ask Graham round for tea and birthday cake . jenny Graham ? 63. jack what do we want he round for ? marjorie I happen to be talk to he mother about something , and ... jenny what do you happen to be talk to she about ? marjorie I think it would be nice . jenny what if David turn up ? marjorie be we expect David to turn up ? Jenny shrug . jack it might not be a bad thing if he do . marjorie ( doubtful ) really ? jack well , if you think about it , there 's more than one way of skin a cat . jenny and who 's the skinned cat , in this enchant image ? I ? jack no , of course ... jenny I have a education to pursue . 58 int . jenny' house . evening 58 Graham , Jenny and she father be at the dinner table , sit in the dark . marjorie kick the door open with she foot and come in hold a birthday cake with seventeen candle burn on it . she put it down carefully on the table . 64 . jack blow they out , then , before the whole place burn down . Jenny close she eye , make she wish , blow out she candle . her father and mother both look at she , apparently attempt to read she mind . Jack get up to turn the light on . we can see that by Jenny 's side be two unopen , carefully - wrap present , both exactly the same size - clearly book . marjorie who would like a piece ? in truth , the cake be a rather sorry and unappetise specimen . there be not enough icing on the top . she cut a couple of slice which immediately collapse . graham never mind . I will have one of that . jack come on . present . without any real enthusiasm , Jenny open the first one of the two , from she mum and dad . it 's a Latin dictionary . jenny oh . thank you . I need a new one . graham ( crestfallen ) oh dear . the doorbell ring . Jenny perk up . Jack go to answer it , and immediately the house be energise : it 's David . 58a int / ext jenny' house 58a Jack answer the door to David . 58b int . jenny' house 58b jack ( o.s. ) good grief . you will not believe this , Jenny . do you leave anything in the shop ? David enter . you can hardly see he for all the parcel and flower he 's carry . david it 's a special day . 65 . he and Jenny exchange a glance . Jack come in behind he . jack she 's a special girl . david oh , I know it . ( to Graham ) hello , young man . jenny this be Graham . david Graham , a pleasure . I be David . they shake hand . Graham suddenly look five year young . jack make you dictionary look a bit feeble , eh Graham ? Graham look pain . marjorie notice . marjorie and ours too , come to that . jack well , we be not the one try to impress she . jenny clearly . jack David , what can I get you to drink ? david what 's everybody else have ? what have you get there , Graham ? jack I have give he a glass of pop . graham ( stung ) I would better be go I have a stack of homework to do . Graham say he goodby . he try to catch Jenny 's eye , but she look away . marjorie show he to the door . david yes . well . you can put the pop away now . what be there for the grown-ups ? 66 . jack a glass of something warming ? david you know I so well . hearty laughter from the two man . jenny can I open anything yet ? marjorie come back into the room . marjorie wait for I . david before you start on that little lot , I have a surprise . next weekend , we be all go to chez Georges to celebrate Jenny 's birthday . jack ( flatly ) Lovely . david chez Georges be in the boulevard St germain . in Paris . Jenny giggle she delight . Jack 's smile be a little more force . jack how d' you mean , Paris ? jenny you know the one , dad . jack ( panic rise ) but .. we have not get any french money . and I be not sure ... I just do not think it would agree with I . jenny dad ! jack they do not like we , the french , you know . John sutton at work go once . they be very rude to he . I be not sure I would like that . 67 . Jenny understand David 's ploy perfectly , and the role she must play . her eye fill with tear . Jack notice . jack I do not want to spoil anyone 's fun , but ... it 's not for I , Europe . we will go another time . jenny ( bitterly ) you have just say you do not like Europe . what 's go to change ? it will have to be Europe , will not it ? because it be not go to be you . marjorie I can take she . jack ( genuinely indignant ) to France ? and leave I here on my own ? jenny oh , for God 's sake . Jack look cornere . he need to find a way out . david listen , I be really sorry to have cause all this to -do . I just think it might be nice . but I will go with aunt helen and uncle Daniel . they can have you ticket . Jack look at he . jack aunt helen ? the one who go to the concert with you ? david yes , that 's the one . jack ( relieved ) well , there we be . david ( perplex ) where be we ? 68 . jack aunt helen ! do not you see ? if aunt helen 's go to be there ... david ( the penny apparently drop ) of course ! jack I do not want to put a speak in anyone 's wheel . but if you look at it from my angle ... a bachelor , take my daughter off to Paris ... david oh , impossible . I have not think it through properly . I do apologise , Jack . would you prefer it if helen take Jenny on she own ? I do not mind . I have be to Paris before . jack oh , I could not possibly ask ... no , no . if aunt helen 's go ... he smile broadly . he 's off the hook . Jenny catch David 's eye and smile . 59 int . classroom . day 59 hattie , Tina and Jenny be sit on they desk , wait for a lesson to start . hattie show Jenny a piece of paper which apparently contain some kind of shopping list . tina there be some thing you must buy for we , and some thing you only have to buy for we if you be a proper , true friend . ( she point at hattie , then at herself . ) chanel perfume , chanel perfume . ( she repeat the gesture ) chanel lipstick , chanel lipstick . what have I forget ? hattie that funny cigarettes you be smoking . sobrany . ten packet each . a very small girl , twelve or thirteen , come in to the classroom and approach Jenny . 69 . SMALL girl be you the girl go to Paris ? Tina , hattie and Jenny stare at she . SMALL girl well be you or be not you ? because I would like some perfume . miss stubb come into the classroom carry book and essay . she see the small girl and shoos she out . she then approach Jenny and whisper discreetly into she ear . miss stubb Jenny , the headmistress would like a word at the end of the lesson . I be afraid that the legend of Mr Rochester may have travel further than you intend . Jenny look at she , startle and a little sick . 60 int . headmistress's office . day . 60 the office be dark , wood - panell , forebode , apparently design to put all visitor ill - at -ease . the headmistress would probably choose to be wood - panell if she could . she 's tweedy , bespectacle , severe . there be a knock at the door . she do not look up from she paperwork . headmistress come . Jenny enter , look young and frighten . headmistress ah. miss mellor . Jenny try to look back at she with all the courage she can muster . headmistress we be all very excited about you forthcoming trip to Paris . we excitement , indeed , know no bound . some of we can talk of little else . Jenny look at she foot . headmistress a older man , I understand . a word of warning , miss mellor . 70 . there may well have be the odd sixth - form girl who have lose a important part of herself - perhaps the best part - while under we supervision . this thing happen , regrettably . if , however , we be make aware of this loss , then of course the young lady in question would have to continue she study elsewhere , if she still have any use for `a' -level . be that clear ? jenny can I go now ? headmistress please . Jenny turn round and walk out without say another word . 62 int . HOTEL bedroom . evening 62 62 pt 1 through the window of a hotel suite , we see a bea jet soar into the sky . 62 pt 2 David and Jenny be not on it , though . they be let themselves into the room . Jenny stare at the featureless sit room . jenny there 's no bed . david ah . I push the boat out and get we a suite . jenny a suite ! david well , if work stop we get to Paris until tomorrow , then work can buy we a nice hotel room . anyway , it 's a special occasion , be not it ? jenny I would have think that tonight of all night we only need a bedroom . 71 . Close on David 's reaction - she have not forget that tonight 's the night . 63 int . HOTEL bedroom . night 63 David and Jenny in bed , in a dimly light bedroom . they be kissing - David more passionately than Jenny . he be make little whimper of excitement , and Jenny be clearly try hard to hide she nerve . we be acutely aware of she age , and of she virginity . suddenly David break off . david hold on a second . I have get something . Rather absurdly , he half - disappear over the side of the bed , reach for something on the floor . he come back with a banana . Jenny stare at he . jenny what on earth be that for ? david I think .... I think we might want to practice . Jenny shriek with horror . jenny with a banana ? david I think we would get the messy bit over with first . jenny David , I do not want to lose my virginity to a piece of fruit . david I be sorry . David attempt to kiss she again . Jenny wriggle clear . jenny let 's wait until we get to Paris . I think the moment might have go . david I be sorry , minnie . I be such a fool . Jenny do not deny it . 72 . jenny and David ..... if tomorrow night do happen , it will never happen again , so ... david ( alarmed ) why will not it ever happen again ? jenny because the first time can only happen once . david ( relieved ) oh. jenny so , please ... no minny . no baby - talk . I be not old enough for baby - talk . treat I like a grown-up . David look chasten . jenny ( brightly ) I know . let 's go and sit in we sit - room . david ( cheer up ) hooray ! I will order some champagne . Jenny look at he with what might , from one angle , be construe as fondness . montage sequence - paris 64 ext . left bank . day . 64 juliette greco on the soundtrack . Jenny lean against a wall , the seine and Notre Dame behind she . David take she picture . she look fantastic in the clothes David have give she for she birthday . 65 int . art gallery . day 65 a crowded Left Bank gallery . Jenny be sit on the floor watch a impossibly handsome young frenchman paint black the body of a impressively passive naked woman . the young man sit next to Jenny give she a appraise look . David , stand at the back and look square and uncomfortable , notice . 73. 66 int . record shop . day 66 we see three listen booth , all contain customer . Jenny and David be in the middle booth , listen to the juliette greco song on the soundtrack . ( for a moment , the sound quality change - soundtrack become source music , seamlessly . ) Jenny be study the sleeve . she want to hug herself , she 's so excited . 67 ext . cafe . evening . 67 a Left Bank cafe - David and Jenny be eat steak frite outside , drink vin ordinaire , watch the world go by . they be both anticipate the night ahead . 68 ext . view of sacre coeur /montmartre 68 69 ext . paris HOTEL . dawn 69 Jenny be smoking at the second - floor window of a simple , pretty parisian hotel , wear a glamorous - look slip and look at the street life below she . 70 int . HOTEL room . dawn 70 the bedroom be simple and romantic - everything the airport hotel be not . David be lie amid rumple sheet , smoking what be clearly a post- coital cigarette , and watch Jenny from behind . david do you still feel like a schoolgirl ? Jenny turn round , smile , shake she head . david and it be not too uncomfortable ? jenny not after the ... first bit . it 's funny , though , be not it ? all that poetry , and all that song and film , about something that last no time at all ? David look at she . she be not be cruel . she just do not know any different . she return to she people - watch . he smoke ruminatively . 74 . 71 ext . park . day 71 ... Jenny in she game kit , smoking she sobranie with she friend on the park bench again . hattie and Tina be examine they bottle of chanel reverently . Jenny be back to be she seventeen - year- old self ; somehow she seventeen - year - old self look comical , and no longer appropriate . tina how can you go back to double french when you have have a weekend with a older man in a posh hotel in Paris ? you would not catch I come anywhere near this dump . jenny ( artfully ) it be not all glamour . we spend half the weekend at heathrow in a hotel suite . hattie a suite ? oh my god. you life . they smoke they sobrany ruminatively . tina you be go to miss it . all the swanning around in posh hotel . jenny why will I need to miss it ? tina when you go to Oxford . unless you be plan on be with David forever . Jenny do not say anything . hattie you be not , be you ? jenny ( distract ) God , no . tina so ? wo not you miss it ? Jenny shrug . clearly she will , and clearly she have not think about it before . hattie we will miss it . 75 . Jenny laugh . 72 int . classroom . day 72 Jenny 's English class file past miss stubb at the end of a lesson . miss stubb stop Jenny . miss stubb Jenny , could I have a word ? jenny of course . ( to hattie and Tina ) I will catch you up . miss stubb wait until the room empty . miss stubb you can do anything you want , Jenny . you know that . you be clever and you be pretty ... but sometimes that thing fight . I be worried that at the moment clever Jenny and pretty Jenny be fight . jenny what do you mean ? miss stubb I could not bear it if clever Jenny lose . it 's because of people like you that I plough through illiterate essay by Sandra lovell about she pony . and there be not many of you , I can tell you . one every few year . be you boyfriend interested in clever Jenny ? jenny I think so . miss stubb interested enough to let she do what she want ? jenny he could not stop I . miss stubb he might not have to stop you . that 's what I be try to tell you . 76 . jenny ( frustrated ) I be not sure what you be try to tell I . miss stubb I be tell you to go to Oxford . no matter what . or you will break my heart . Jenny look at she . jenny ( quietly ) where do you go ? miss stubb sorry ? jenny ( louder , bolder ) where do you go ? which university ? miss stubb girton . Cambridge . jenny oh. miss stubb what do that mean ? ` oh '? jenny you be clever . and you be pretty . so presumably , clever miss stubb win . and here you be , read all that pony essay . I do not know . this last few month , I have be to Paris , and to jazz club , and I have eat in wonderful restaurant , and see wonderful film , hear beautiful music ... miss stubb I be sure you have . but I be fill up with beautiful thing , book and music and conversation , in exactly the same way at Cambridge . and I do not have to pay the same sort of price . be you take precaution , Jenny ? Jenny stare at she angrily . jenny it 's nothing to do with that . 77 . miss stubb be not it ? jenny maybe we life be always go to end up with pony essay . or housework . and yes , maybe we will go up to Oxford . but if we be all go to die the moment we graduate , maybe it 's what we do before that count . miss stubb I be sorry you think I be dead . jenny I do not think you be dead . but ... miss stubb ( coldly ) you would better get to you next class . she turn she back on Jenny . 73 ext . car . night 73 helen , Danny , Jenny get out of David 's bristol , which be park outside a nightclub call esmerelda 's barn . David have park next to a white roll -royce . jenny ( look at the roll - royce ) and we know the person who own this ? david yes. perec rachman . he 's a .... danny a bastard . Danny and David laugh . david he 's a business acquaintance , and we need to talk to he . jenny I gather that much . but why do we have to crawl around the West end look for he car ? why do not you just make a appointment , if you want to see he ? 78 . the man snigger . danny what ? Ring he office ? talk to he secretary ? that be not how it work with he , dear . 74 int . club . night 74 the four walk in and take they coat over to the cloakroom . the club be a smoky West end club , full of smartly - dress and dubious - look man , and young , glamorous , dubious - look woman . Jenny and helen look out of place - helen too ethereal , Jenny too innocent . there be jazz play . danny there he be . we see a nasty - look man in he late 30 / early 40s . he be wear a white sharksin suit and smoking a big cigar . he 's stand by the roulette table , talk to a even nastier - look man in a dark suit . they find a table at the back and sit down . a waitress come over to they table . david a bottle of champagne , please . danny oh-ho . Champagne , eh? he look at Jenny and David expectantly . david do not be bashful . helen no. be sneezy . everyone ignore she . david all right , then . if you will not tell they I will . Jenny get two as and a B in she mock - a level . danny fantastic . helen congratulation . jenny thank you . 79 . david the B be in Latin . but it 's much better than it be , be not it , minnie ? rachman be now stand on he own . Danny nudge David , and they go over to talk to he just as the champagne arrive . the waiter pop the bottle of champagne and pour two glass . the girl smile and clink glass . helen do not worry . jenny about what ? helen someone tell I that in fifty year no - one will speak Latin , probably . not even Latin people . so you should not mind too much about you B . Jenny stare at she , try to think of a response . 75 int . club . night 75 Danny and David be at the bar , have just finish talk to rachman . Danny puff out he cheek and shake he head . danny well , I be not sure you would want he to marry you sister . I be not even sure you would want to talk to he in a night - club , come to that . they both chuckle . there be a silence for a moment . danny ( gently ) you do know what you be do , old chap ? with Jenny ? david this be the one , Danny . danny we have hear that before . david you can see she 's different . she 's get everything . you have get helen , and .... 80 . danny ( drily ) and you have get helen with brain . david ( rumble ) yes . danny I do not want to see she hurt . they make they way back to they table . 76 int . club . night 76 while David and helen watch , Danny and Jenny dance . Danny 's a good dancer ; Jenny be nervous at first , but become more comfortable and more expressive , with Danny 's help . jenny ( know that she should make conversation , as all the couple around she be do ) have you ... have you buy any more painting recently ? danny have I ? let 's think ? oh , I pick up a little piper the other day . a good `un , I think . jenny I be still try to work out what make good thing good . it 's hard , be not it ? danny the thing be , Jenny , you know , without necessarily be able to explain why . you have get taste . that 's not even half the battle . that 's the whole war . Jenny smile at he with gratitude . there be a sudden closeness between they . David be watch they carefully . they return to they table . david Jenny , we should go . it 's late . jenny ( disappointed ) oh. yes . 81 . danny alas . one day , school will be over forever , and we can talk about art all night . david ( to Danny ) you be all right in a taxi , be not you ? he guide Jenny firmly out of the club . 77 ext . club . night . 77 Jenny be about to to open the passenger door of the bristol , but David stop she . david wait there . he run to the back of the car , open the boot and start rummage through it . it seem to be full of everything but the thing he 's look for . jenny what be you do ? he slam the boot shut and come back empty-hand . david will you marry I ? Jenny stare at he for a moment , then laugh . jenny what be you look for ? david I think I have a ring . it would not have be the right one . but it would have do for tonight . jenny ( eye twinkle with amusement ) oh , David . david I be serious . jenny you be very sweet . david what do you think ? 82. jenny ( helplessly ) please take I home . she get into the car . we see the desperation in David 's face , light by the headlight of a pass taxi , as he slam the door on Jenny after she 's get in . 78 ext . school yard . day 78 Jenny , Tina and hattie all smoking in the school toilet . Jenny be distract , and stand apart from the other . Tina look at she . tina how do you say `a penny for you thought ? ' in french ? hattie a franc be too much , be not it ? tina for she thought , yes . you would be overpay by about ninety - nine centime . suddenly the door burst open and the Latin teacher come in . 79 int . head office . day 79 the three girl be line up in front of the headmistress , hand by they side . headmistress I be surprised that you two be stand in front of I . I be not surprised to find you here , miss mellor , though I do feel rather like the judge who send Al capone to prison for tax evasion . we take a very dim view of smoking . we take a even dimmer view of some of you other behaviour , which as far as we know have take place off school premise . you appearance here today , however , allow I to remind you that we be try to teach you how to become young lady , not nightclub hostess . in reality , of course , you be neither . you be merely silly little girl . detention after school . go away . 83. Jenny 's face set hard . something in she shut down . 80 ext . jenny' balcony . evening 80 Jenny be smoking on the balcony . 80a int . jenny' bedroom . 80 a Jenny be at she desk in she bedroom , try to work , but she can not concentrate . her hair be tie back in a pony - tail . she get up , pull back the curtain , look out of the window . we see what she see : a sleepy suburban street at night . she look back at she desk . it look even more boring than the street . she look at she scrubbed seventeen - year - old face in the mirror - so much young than the Jenny we have see with David . she make herself up , and she get older and more glamorous before we eye . in she make - up and she school uniform , she 's half - woman , half - child . we hear the noise drift up from the kitchen : the radio , the wash - up , occasional muffle conversation . Jenny walk out of the bedroom and slip downstairs . 81 int . kitchen . evening 81 Jenny 's mother and father be do the wash up and listen to the radio . they have they back to the door . Jenny enter the room quietly and watch they for a moment man on the radio they do need some look after , but nothing that will require too much work . just leave they in you pot shed for a couple of week , and they will look after themselves . jack oh , aye . the pot shed . who do he think I be ? Prince rainier of Monaco ? jenny what if I get marry instead of go to college ? Jack and marjorie turn around and stare at this strange apparition wear too much make - up and a school uniform . jack married ? jenny married . 84 . jack it would depend who it be , surely ? jenny would it ? that 's interesting . jack course it would . I would not want you marry off just for the sake of it . jenny thanks . marjorie have somebody ask you ? jenny yes . jack who ? marjorie roll she eye . marjorie what do you tell he ? jenny nothing yet . jack David ? jenny no . a man I just meet walk he dog . jack David 's ask you to marry he ? bloody hell . pardon my french . marjorie do you have any choice ? or be it too late . she look at she daughter knowingly . Jack merely look confuse . jack of course she 's get a choice . but it 's a interesting one , be not it ? 85 . jenny this be where you be suppose to say , " but what about Oxford ? " jack well . look at it one way , you would not really need to go now , would you ? he 's a man go place . and say what you like , but they know how to take care of they money , do not they ? he will see you be look after . jenny ( quietly , turn the word over in she mouth ) I would not need to go . would you like to expand on that ? jack you know what I mean . Jenny laugh bitterly . she can not believe it . jenny all that Latin ! all that essay ! what be the point ? why do not you just send I out prowling round nightclub ? it would have be less trouble . and I might have have more fun . jack we do not know about nightclub . we know about education . anyway , it all turn out for the best . jenny how ? jack he would not have want you if you be thick , would he ? Jenny stare at they and walk out . 82 int . classroom . day 82 English . miss stubb be stand at the front of the class , hold a copy of King lear , and listen as various member of the class massacre the text . some be mess about by overact ; other read to the best of they ability , tonelessly and with no understanding of the word . 86 . lear himself be be read by Ann , the bespectacle girl from the first scene . she 's no King lear , and she 's one of the bad reader . girl 1 May not a ass know when the cart draw the horse ? sing whoop jug I love thee . miss stubb yes , when it say ` sing ' , it mean he sing that word . girl 1 look at she blankly . miss stubb never mind . lear ... ann do any here know I . this be not lear . do lear walk thus ? tina ( sotto voce , to Jenny , in the seat next to she ) no . Jenny start to giggle . ann speak thus ? Tina shake she head . ann where be he eye ? Tina do not need to say anything - she just look at Jenny , make a pair of spectacle with she finger and squint . Jenny 's giggle fit increase in intensity . ann either he notion weaken , or he discernings be lethargy . ha! waking ? tis not so . who be it that can tell I who I be ? Jenny 's arm shoot up , as if to answer the question . jenny ooh . miss . me. I can . miss stubb look at Jenny more in sorrow than in anger - Jenny 's behaviour now be something new in they relationship . Jenny stare back at she defiantly . suddenly miss stubb notice something glint on she hand : a engagement ring . 87 . miss stubb oh , Jenny . she be , as she promise she would be , heartbroken . jenny what ? miss stubb take it off . hattie , who be sit behind Jenny , notice the ring , too , for the first time . hattie oh my God . be that really what I think it be ? i'm go to be a bridesmaid ! there be a excited susurration in the classroom . miss stubb you know there 's a school rule about jewelry . jenny half the girl in this room be wear jewelry . miss stubb yes . but none of it be go to ruin they life . jenny ( coolly ) we have a difference of opinion on that . miss stubb stare at she . Jenny can only just steel herself to stare back . miss stubb let 's see who 's right . come with I . Jenny do not move . miss stubb please do not make I drag you out like a child . Jenny get to she foot . teacher and pupil leave the room , while the rest of the class watch . 88. 83 int . headmistress's office . day 83 headmistress how far advanced be this ridiculous plan ? have you set a date ? have you decide on a church ? jenny we will not be get marry in a church . David 's jewish . the headmistress stare at she , dumbfounded . headmistress jewish ? he 's a Jew ? you be aware , I take it , that the Jews kill we Lord ? jenny ( beginning to feel less intimidate by she surroundings ) and you be aware , I suppose , that we Lord be jewish ? the headmistress snort scornfully headmistress I suppose he tell you that . we be all very sorry about what happen in the War . but there 's no excuse for that sort of malicious and untruthful propaganda . Jenny smile to herself . headmistress anyway , I can now see that you be even more in need of responsible advice than I realise . be it true that you do not intend to sit for you exam ? and therefore you will not be apply for University ? jenny yes , that 's right . headmistress what do you think you be do ? jenny nobody have be able to explain to I the point of University . 89 . therefore I do not see the point of the exam , either . headmistress nobody do anything worth do without a degree . jenny and nobody do anything worth do with one , either . no woman , anyway . headmistress so what I do be not worth do . or what miss stubb do , or Mrs Wilson , or any of we here . Jenny do not say anything . the headmistress take she silence as a admission of defeat . headmistress because none of we would be here without we degree , you realise that , do not you ? and yes , of course study be hard , and boring , and ... Jenny can not contain herself any longer . jenny bore ! headmistress I be sorry ? jenny study be hard and boring . Teaching be hard and boring . so you be tell I to be bored , and then bored , and then finally bored again , this time for the rest of my life . this whole stupid country be bored . there 's no life in it , or colour in it , or fun in it . it 's probably just as well that the Russians be go to drop a nuclear bomb on we any day now . so my choice be either to do something hard and boring , or to marry my ... my Jew , and go to Paris and Rome and listen to jazz and read and eat good food in nice restaurant and have fun . it 's not enough to educate we any more , Mrs Walters . you have get to tell we why you be do it . 90 . headmistress because without formal qualification ... she grind to a halt . she have never have to answer this question before . headmistress it do not have to be teach , you know . there 's the Civil service . Jenny stand up . jenny I do not wish to be impertinent , Mrs Walters . but it be a argument worth rehearse . you never know . someone else might want to know what the point of it all be , one day . she leave the office . 84 ext . school . day 84 Jenny be half - walk , half -run , towards the school gate . she 's scared , of course , but exhilated , too . all that pressure , and all that year of education , suddenly over , unexpectedly , and certainly unceremoniously . she look neither leave nor right , but other girl , young girl , watch she through the window as she leave . Jenny do not even look round when she go through the school gate . 85 int . kitchen . evening 85 later . Jenny and marjorie be sit at the kitchen table . Jack be stand over they ; he have not even take he coat off , or put he briefcase down . jack how d' you mean , leave ? Jenny do not answer . jack what about you exam ? jenny I be not sit they . jack what be we go to tell people ? 91 . jenny ( witheringly ) oh , tell people . I would forget that what we tell people be more important than anything . jack all that ... marjorie know what he 's go to say , and do not want he to . marjorie Jack ! jack no. no need for Jack . she should hear it . all that money ! do you know how much it 's cost I for you to go through school and take no exam ? jenny I be sure David will pay you back . send he a bill . as you say , he would not have want I if I be dim , so he should fork out . just tell I why there 's a point in sit my exam , and there 's no point in I go to University . Jack gape at she . he 's floundering . jack you know what you trouble be , do not you ? you be too clever by half . jenny in which case I should have leave school year ago , should not I ? ask they for the money back . if I be too clever by half , you overpaid by a third . 86 int . danny's flat . night 86 Danny , helen , David and Jenny be in Danny 's flat ; we have just miss the announcement - there be champagne already open . Danny glance quickly and discreetly at David , who catch he eye . helen that 's ... gosh . that 's fantastic news . 92 . Danny be not so pleased . danny ( cool ) congratulation . there be much chink of glass . helen I think you would see sense about university . Jenny smile . helen ( cont 'd ) you will stay pretty now . laughter from David and Jenny . jenny be I still allow to read ? helen English ? book ? more laughter . helen ( cont 'd ) you will not be laugh when she go all speccy and spotty , David . helen be bemuse by they mirth . Danny watch David thoughtfully . 87 ext . danny 's. night 87 David and Jenny come out of Danny 's flat and approach David 's car . jenny Danny do not seem very pleased about we engagement . david I think that , too ! I be wonder whether he might be a bit jealous . jenny ( try not to be pleased ) jealous ? 93. david you may have notice that helen 's not really Oxford material . I be go to keep he out of you way . they both smile . David open the door for Jenny and she get into the car . 87a int . jenny' kitchen . day 87a Jenny be make David a cup of tea . her mother be keep a eye on Jenny - in marjorie 's mind at least , this be a rehearsal for something . david I have not put my ... my stamp on it yet . have not have time . it need a woman 's touch , really . and if you do not like it , we can move . just say the word . jenny where be the flat again ? marjorie you have to put the cosy on straight away . Jenny sigh and roll she eye . she pick up the hand - knitted tea-cosy and put it on she head . jenny like that ? David laugh . marjorie ( oblivious ) no . on the tea-pot . jenny ( deadpan ) ah. she put the tea-cosy on the tea-pot . david just down from Russell Square . two minute ' walk from the underground . 94 . marjorie Jenny ! we could walk to ... ( she try to think of somewhere Jenny might find interesting . ) we could walk to the british Museum ! Jenny give she a look . marjorie I will leave you to it . do not let it stew . she leave the room . jenny and this be where you be live ? david I have stay there for the last couple of night . ( beat ) on and off . jenny you have stay there two night " on and off " ? david be that tea ready ? one sugar , please . jenny ( frustrated by he evasion ) David ! david I be sorry . you must think I be very odd . jenny no , but .... you seem to float around . I never know where you be . she hand he he tea . david a wander Jew . ( he pause to take a sip . ) if I tell you something , will you promise not to laugh ? jenny it depend on how funny it be . 95 . david ( mumble ) I live at home . jenny we all live at home . david no. I mean ... I live at home ... in the same way that you live at home . jenny but I live with my mother and fa ... ( it click . ) you do not mean it . David nod , shamefacedly . jenny you mother and father ? david just my mother . my father 's dead . I have be meaning to tell you , minnie , and it would have be much better than all that silly lie . but ... he look quite upset . we warm to he . Jenny lean over and take he hand . david anyway . you can see how much I need you . and you will not regret this , I promise . we will have so much fun . and just think . when we get marry , you will not have to wait in the car while I do my business .. you will be wait at home , look at the burne - Jones on the wall . Home , minnie . we home . can you imagine ? Close on Jenny . she can not imagine , really . 90 int . coffee bar . day 90 Jenny , Tina and hattie in the coffee bar . Jenny be eagerly scan the English literature exam paper . 96 . jenny do you do this one ? " show from any two scene in ` pride and prejudice ' how far it be true that Jane austen 's method be `essentially dramatic ' " . hattie Three scene . jenny it say two here . look . she show the paper to hattie . hattie slump onto the formica table and groan . hattie two . two . two . I can not believe it . Tina rub hattie 's head sympathetically . tina it be a unfair question . you be hopeless at math . what do you do all day , anyway , Lady muck ? Jenny shrug . jenny I have be look at flat . I have be to look at dress . I have be read a lot , too . tina reading , try on dress ... where do we go wrong ? jenny what 's this afternoon ? tina french . the translation paper . Jenny be lap it all up . she might even be envious . 91 int . jenny' house . evening 91 Jenny and marjorie be in the sit room , all dress up and wait for David to come and pick they up . Jenny look great , as usual ; she mother look smart , if somewhat old - fashioned . 97 . marjorie do not worry . he will find a nice place in no time . he see plenty of they . jenny I be not sure he see plenty of nice place . would you like a radiogram for a wedding present ? we love ours . something about this depress Jenny . marjorie notice . marjorie you will not be bored , you know . he 's not boring . now they be both thoughtful . as if on cue , Jack come into the sit room , pull at he tie , look apprehensive . he appear to be wear brylcreem . he look like a little boy who have be make to put on he Sunday best . jack what sort of thing can you have for starter ? I mean , how will I know what be starter and what be not ? I be all right if it 's soup or fruit juice . but if it 's anything more than that ... jenny we have be through this , dad . it will be quite clearly mark on the menu . the doorbell ring . Jack stiffen . Jenny go to answer the door . jack why do not you three go out ? I will be happy here with a tin of ... David enter the room . he be relaxed , happy . he have wear a tie , possibly because he know that Jack would wear a tie . Jack and marjorie stand , and they exchange greeting . david everybody ready ? I think you will like this place , Jack . they wine list be as good as anything I have see in London . jack someone tell I that . 98 . jenny David , probably . who else would it have be ? 92 ext . STREET / jenny' house night 92 Jack and marjorie approach David 's bristol . jack I be hope you would take we in this . david oh , you will not want to go in anything else after tonight . mind you , it drink petrol . I be afraid we will have to stop on the way in to town . he open the back door for he future in - law . david Madame . monsieur . they get in , he close the door , run round to open the front passenger door for Jenny . 93 int . car . night 93 David start the car , and glance in the rear-view mirror . david everyone happy ? jack I feel like eamonn andrew . david be that a good thing ? marjorie of course . eamonn andrew be the poshest person that Jack can imagine be . 94 ext . STREET / petrol station . night 94 the bristol cruise down a London arterial road . 95 int . car . night 95 we see , from David 's Pov , a petrol station approach . 99 . david sorry about this . he slow the car and turn in to the garage . 96 ext . garage . night 96 David get out of the car as the attendant come over . attendant how can I help you , sir ? david you might as well fill she up . David look around and spot a phone box just outside the garage . he lean in through the open car window . david I be just go to make a quick call . I will be two tick . 97 int . car . night 97 Jenny watch he walk towards the phone box . jack do you think we should offer he some petrol money ? or would he feel insulted ? Jenny watch David as he dial the number . he notice she , wave , put the money in the slot . jack he would feel insulted , probably . he say tonight be he treat . that must include the petrol , for God 's sake ? David start to talk , and turn away , as if he 's frighten that someone in the car can lip-read . jack what do you think ? nobody pay he any attention . they lapse into silence . Jack start to fiddle with the feature in the car - a table spring down from the seat in front of he , much to he alarm . jack God almighty . what have I do ? 100 . Jenny open the glove compartment , look for the cigarettes that David always keep there . she find the cigarettes , and close the glove compartment . but she have see something in there , so she open it again . she take out some letter and papers and start to look through they . 98 ext . garage . night 98 David have finish he phone call and be walk towards the car . he see Jenny look through letter and papers , see the open glove compartment , start to run across the forecourt . david ( desperately ) Jenny ! it 's too late . we see Jenny 's stricken face , gleam in someone else 's headlight . 99 int . car . night 99 David get into the car . david Jenny , I ... jenny ( as cold as ice ) take we home . jack what 's go on ? david there 's be a ... Jenny 's have a bit of a shock . Jenny laugh , mirthlessly , then start to weep . jack what 's happen ? jenny it 's another one of David 's little muddle and misunderstandings . david Jenny , it 's not ... jenny I do not want to hear another word from anybody . take I home . now . 101 . marjorie and Jack look at each other . David swing the car around and they drive home in silence ; Jenny cry constantly , without make a sound . 100 ext . jenny' house . night 100 the bristol draw up outside Jenny 's house . David jump out of the car and let marjorie and Jack out . Jack start to walk towards the house and then stop . jack ( desperately ) you can sort this out , can not you , David ? Jenny get out of the car too . david of course I can . she 's just get the wrong end of the stick about something . jenny go inside , dad . Jenny and David watch Jack and marjorie go into the house . the moment the door be close , Jenny walk towards David . she 's hold a bunch of letter that she take out of the glove compartment . she start to throw they at he , one by one . jenny Mr and Mrs David Goldman , Mr and Mrs David Goldman , Mr and Mrs David Goldman , Mr and Mrs David Goldman .. when she have throw the last one , she fly at David - she slap he , punch he , scratch he . David try to grab she hand , but she 's too wild . david just let I ... jenny you be married ! david legally , yes , but ... finally he manage to subdue she . she lean against the car , distraught . jenny when be you go to tell I ? 102 . david soon . it just - it never seem the right time . you seem so happy , and I be happy , and ... it would have spoiled everything . what can I do , minnie ? what can I do ? how can ... jenny " oh , Jenny . I be just too busy to find somewhere to live ... I live with my mummy . " you be live with you wife ! all this time ! david Jenny ... jenny what 's you address ? David gesture vaguely . jenny where ? david Byron Avenue . jenny Byron Avenue ! it 's no wonder we keep bump into each other , then , be it ? what number ? david there 's no point .. jenny ( scream ) what number ? david seventeen . Jenny pick one of the envelope up off the ground and look at it . jenny ( bitterly sarcastic ) good grief . it 's the truth . david please . you have to understand . I be with you just about all the spare time I have . 103 . jenny spare time ? spare time ? I can not tell you how grateful I be . david do not be like this . jenny I have nothing . I leave school . I do not take my exam . where 's it all go , now ? I give my life away . david Jenny , I can get a divorce . everything will turn out for the best . you will see . we can see Jack and marjorie peer through the lace curtain anxiously . jenny go and tell they . go and tell they , then go and tell you wife . I want to see you . I want to stand there and watch . David stand on the pavement , look towards the house . he look away ; he can not make eye contact with Jenny 's parent . david they be not go to listen to I now . let I come round tomorrow . when everyone 's calm down a bit . jenny ( suddenly desperate ) please do not leave I to tell they on my own . please . you owe I that much . you owe they that much . david ( sadly ) I owe they a lot more than that . I owe they everything . they give I you . he open the boot . it 's full of case of whiskey . Jenny do not even bother ask what they be do there . David take one of the bottle , open it , take a long slug . jenny two minute . and then I will come out and drag you in . 104 . Jenny march into the house and slam the door . the camera stay on David . he get back into the car and take another slug of whiskey . then he shoulder begin to shake , and he cry and cry . 101 int . jenny' house . night 101 Jenny come in , leave the door open for David . her parent be stand in the sit room , look at she anxiously . they coat be still on , and they have not put the light on yet . jack what 's go on ? jenny he 's help himself to some dutch courage before face you . stolen dutch courage , from the look of it . he have something to tell you . she stand , pale and young - look again , opposite she parent . suddenly they be all three light up by headlight . shot from they Pov of the bristol roaring off up the street . jack he just drive off . we close slowly in on Jenny 's face . but of course he would drive off ! jack ( pathetic ) can you tell we ? please ? Jenny ? Jenny can not deal with she own pain , let alone he . he already look like a break , foolish old man . they should hug . but they do not . 102 ext . STREET / david' house . day 102 a suburban street , full of semi-detach house , not far from Jenny 's house . Jenny walk down the road tentatively - she 's look at the number on the house . she look young again - tired , no make - up , no elegant clothes . she can not bring herself to wear anything that David buy she . she hesitates at the top of the driveway to the house , steel herself to walk down . but just at that moment the door open ; there 's a homely - look woman , early 30 . she be hold the hand of a three - year-old . Jenny be stunne . but there 's more to come . 105 . the woman deposit the child in the drive , go back into the house , come out behind a enormous 1950s pram . David have find time to father another baby . wife oh. hello . jenny ( almost inaudible ) hello . I be sorry . I think I must have the wrong house . the woman stare at she . jenny yes . I want number ... it 's my cello lesson . silly . I ... she dry up and look at the woman helplessly . wife oh , no . do not tell I . good God . you be a child . Jenny blushes . beat . she turn and try to walk back up the driveway , but the woman will not let she go . wife no. no . you stay here . if you be old enough to sleep with he , you be old enough to look at I . jenny I can not . but she do not move , either . wife you do not know about any of this . presumably . Jenny shake she head . wife no . they never do . do he ask you to marry he ? Jenny nod . wife yes . of course he do . you be not in the family way , be you ? because that 's happen before . Jenny shake she head . 106 . wife thank God for that . at least you can escape intact . ( beat ) relatively speak . not all of they have do . she nod at the child . wife that 's why he never go through with anything . he do love they . jenny ( look into the pram ) she 's beautiful . wife thank you . he. ( bitterly ) he 's four month old . Jenny do the math . it 's all she can do to stop herself from reeling backwards - she 's visibly shake . jenny four month ! wife yes . Babies often be that sort of age . perhaps you can remember a night four month ago when he seem a little distract . anyway . if you will excuse we . she push past Jenny and leave she stand bereft on the path . 103 int . jenny' house . day 103 marjorie and Jack be in the kitchen . marjorie be sip tea , shoulder hunch , defeat . Jack be pace around the room , furious . normal life have clearly be suspend during this crisis . Jenny walk in . marjorie do you see she ? jenny I see she . I do not talk to she . there be not any need . jack well we have get to have this out . if you will not do it , I will . he start for the door . 107 . jenny ( contemptuously ) sit down . jack I beg you pardon ? I be still you father , Jenny . jenny oh , you be my father again , be you ? what be you when you encourage I to throw my life away ? I be a silly schoolgirl . be , anyway . silly schoolgirls be always be seduce by glamorous older man . but what about you two ? jack we do not ... he give up hopelessly . marjorie say nothing . jenny and now I have get nothing . I be ... I be break . Jack look at she . jack that do not mean .... what I think it mean , do it ? it can not . jenny what be you talk about ? jack just tell I that you do not ... you have not , you know ... you do not .... Jenny look at he in disbelief . marjorie ( to Jack ) I wonder how stupid you be . now I know . 104 int . upper hallway . night 104 Jack stand outside Jenny 's bedroom door with a cup of tea . he knock tentatively . 108 . 105 int . bedroom . night 105 Close - up of the floaty print dress that helen give she . the dress be suddenly jerk out of shot , and we pull back to reveal a weep Jenny stuff it violently into a already full box of thing she be throw out . the content represent she now - despise , David -created adult self . we can see juliette greco album , photo , expensive - look jewelry box . she continue to stuff thing into the box . there 's a knock on the door . jack ( o.s. ) Jenny . she continue to put she david-life away into bag . she ignore he . 106 int . upper hallway . night 106 Jack be almost in tear . jack there 's a cup of tea for you here . no answer . he put the tea on the floor , and sit down next to it . jack I know I make a mess of everything . he wait for a answer - nothing . jack all my life I have be scared , and I do not want you to be scared . that 's why I want you to go to Oxford . so that if someone ask you out to a nice restaurant , you would not panic about what be a starter and what be a main course . and then David come along , and he have money , and he know famous writer , and he know how to get to classical music concert . but he be not who he say he be . he be not who you say he be , either . 107 int . bedroom . night 107 Jenny be about to rip a poster off the wall , but she pause . 109 . 108 int . upper hallway . night 108 jack the other day , you mother and I be listen to a programme about cs Lewis on the radio , and they say he move to Cambridge in 1954 . and I say to marjorie , well , they have get that wrong , because how would we Jenny get she book sign , if he be not in Oxford ? 109 int . bedroom . night 109 Jenny 's face crumple . she know he 's right . jack ( o.s. ) Jenny , I be sorry . 109a int . danny's flat . day 109a Jenny be sit on the sofa in Danny 's flat . Danny and helen be in dress gowns ; there be newspaper strewn around . Danny pour she a brandy . helen be sit next to she , hold she hand . helen I do not really understand what difference it make . when I find out that ... danny helen ! not now . helen shrug . danny I try to tell he . I be not speak to he now , if that 's any consolation . jenny ( bitterly ) it 's a funny world you people live in . you both watch I ... carry on with a marry man , but you do not think it 's worth say anything . 110 . danny ah , well if you want that sort of conversation ... you watch David and I help ourselves to a map , and you do not say much , either . he hold Jenny 's gaze . she look away . 110 int . headmistress's office . day 110 Jenny have put on she school uniform for this meeting ; it complete a circle . she 's back where she start from , or would like to be , anyway . if she seem older than she do when we first meet she , it 's because thing have happen to she , and they have leave a mark on she face . she 's worried and tired . the headmistress , meanwhile , be delighted by she return - but only because of the opportunity for smugness and schadenfreude it provide . headmistress so. you jewish friend turn out to be marry already , I understand . how unfortunate . Jenny do not say anything . she have clearly decide to swallow anything she have to . headmistress anyway . how do you think we can help ? jenny I would like to repeat my last year at school . start all over again . headmistress I get the impression the last time we speak that you do not see the point of school . or of I , or of any of we here . jenny I know . I be stupid . headmistress so what be the point ? jenny I know that I need to go to university . headmistress and what happen if some other chap want to marry you during you study next year ? 111 . jenny ( laugh bitterly ) some other chap ? there will not be any other chap . not for a long , long time , anyway . headmistress I be afraid I think you be the sort of young lady who attract chap whether she want to or not . no , I think the offer of a place at this school would be waste on you . you show how little you value we only week ago . and I must confess that it give I a sort of grim satisfaction to return the sentiment now . jenny ( bitterly ) be it really so grim , you satisfaction ? headmistress it give I no pleasure to see we schoolgirls throw they life away . although , of course , you be not one of we schoolgirls any more . through you own volition . jenny I suppose you think I be a ruin woman . headmistress oh , you be not a woman . beat . Jenny stand up and leave without say a word . the headmistress be pleased with she final line . 111 int . bedroom . night 111 Jenny work hard in she room . it 's be completely stripped bare of everything except schoolbook . she have become ageless , genderless - she life be now monastic . 112 ext . park . day 112 Jenny walk alone through she old park . 112 . 113 int . coffee bar . day 113 Jenny on she own , smoking nervously . hattie and Tina come in . they obviously have not see she since it all happen . they both hug she sympathetically and sit down . nobody know what to say . tina I be sure my uncle know someone who could kill he . if that would help . Jenny smile wanly , and briefly . hattie we should have stop you . jenny do you want to ? tina of course we do not . why would we stop you ? restaurant , hotel , foreign city , no exam ... jenny ( bitterly ) yes . who would have think there would be a down side to all that ? I could tell you all about the imagery in Jane eyre . but I could not see that a man who steal map from old lady might be a liar . they look at she . this be new information . hattie well , if you would tell we that we might have try to stop you . jenny there be a lot of thing I do not tell you . I be dream . tina that 's the thing about we life , be not it ? it 's so easy to fall asleep , when there 's nothing to keep you awake . beat . hattie be you get on with the work all right on you own ? 113 . Jenny think . jenny ( heartfelt ) no . no , I be not . 114 ext . STREET miss stubb flat . dusk . 114 Jenny in a suburban street . she 's look for a address . she find the house , walk down the path , ring on a bell . miss stubb come to the door . miss stubb Jenny ! it 's a warm greeting . she usher she inside . 115 int . miss stubb ' flat . dusk . 115 it 's a proper bohemian flat , up in the eave . there be book and papers and painting cover every available surface . Jenny look around . finally , for the first time , we see she in somewhere she can feel at home . jenny this be lovely . miss stubb make a face . jenny but it be . really . I would love to live somewhere like this . miss stubb laugh . miss stubb oh , it 's not hard . go to Oxford and become a teacher and this be what you end up with . jenny but all this book and picture .... miss stubb penguin paperback . poster and postcard . jenny ( apparently understanding something ) yes , but ... that 's all you need , be not it ? 114 . just a place to ... I be sorry I say that silly thing . I do not understand . miss stubb let 's forget all about it . a poster catch Jenny 's eye . jenny a burne-jone . miss stubb laugh . jenny what ? miss stubb you make it sound as though it 's a original . do you like he ? Jenny pause . jenny yes . I do . still . miss stubb still ? gosh , you sound very old and wise . jenny ( heartfelt ) I feel old . but really not very wise . miss stubb , I be .... I need you help . miss stubb I be so hope that 's what you be go to say . 116 ext . STREET in oxford . day 116 eighteen month later . swell orchestral music . Close on Jenny cycle , absorb , happy , the cello strapped to she precariously . the camera pull back to show she cycle through the street of Oxford . she 's do it . we follow she for a little while . she dismount outside a church and lean the bike against a wall . just as she 's about to leave it , she see something and freeze . we follow she gaze : it 's the red bristol , park a little way down the road just in front of she . she scan the street to see if she can find David . she can - he 's come round a corner , a littler further down the street , unwrap a packet of cigarettes . Jenny move into he eye-line . he see she , stop , then walk towards she . 115 . david Jenny . Jenny say nothing . david Jenny . minnie . I want to tell you that I be go to ask my wife for a divorce . Jenny look at he disbelievingly . jenny do not you understand what you have do ? David look at she . this be not go to be as easy as he think . david I can see my behaviour must have be ... confusing . but we have never sit down and have a proper chat about it all . about the why and wherefore . they can wait . the important thing be that you be still my minnie mouse , and I love you , and you have fun . you know you have fun . jenny yes . I have fun . but I have fun with the wrong person , at all the wrong time . and I can not ever get that time back , now . ( beat ) look , David . I be in Oxford . every day I wake up and pinch myself . and when I think how close I come ... she look at he and shake she head , as if awak from a dream . a young man stop behind she on he bike , dismount , lean he bike against the wall next to hers , wait for she to finish . she turn she back on David , and the young man offer she he arm . they walk away together , and David stare longingly after they . the end